The Advertiser SATURDAY, APRIL 28, 1883. IN another column appears a letter from Mr. R.E.N. Twopeny, advocating the holding of an Australasian Exhibition in London, where he believes either the Crystal Palace or the Alexandra Palace could be obtained for twelve months for £18,000. He estimates the total cost of the scheme beyond receipts at £64,000, to be divided among Beven colonies. As Mr. Twopeny has had large ex perience in international exhibitions; both in Europe and Australasia, bis opinions on such a subject, and the calculations he makes as to the cost jof the enterprise, will necessarily be re garded with respect. The Adelaide show held under the management of Mr. Jou bert and himself, and at their pecuniary risk, was an undoubted success, and since then they hare conducted mimilar exhibitions in Western Australia and New Zealand. Mr. Twopeny was previously at the Paris Exhibition, where with Mr. J. Boothby, C.M.G., he was able to learn much about the management and expense of an exhibition on a large scale. Naturally there is often a feeling that these shows may be overdone, particularly by small communities, whose means of providing the money for enterprises of magni tude tha*t are not directly profitable are necessarily somewhat limited. We have spent a considerable amount of money in the aggregate in this way. The Philadelphian and Paris Ex hibitions were quickly followed by those in Sydney and Melbourne. Now South Australia very properly is to be represented at the Calcutta show at the end of this year, and three years hence there wfll be our own Jubilee Bhow which, to make a success of it, will take two or three times the amount reckoned upon by the Government. Yet we cannot afford to neglect exhibitions, for the insig nificance of South Australia would be argued from the complete absence of her productions from shows where those of other colonies were conspicuously dis played. Sooner or later any colony may have to decide that it has had enough of these things, but then each one proposed must be considered on its merits, as Mr. Twopeny's project will be. It will occur to most people who pay ' any attention to the subject that the pro .dnchi^gjt'E&.ustralasia have been already exmbilictdvst Paris, London, and at the ;TJtft>ile? of the United States, bat :J&Tirapen;> wants an eaentiallj Aus tralaaian exposition, at which the attention of visitors will be directed solely to tte manufactures and natural productions of these colonies. He is sensible that Sooth Australia could not take part in such an undertaking while engaged in preparations for our jubilee affair, and suggests that the London show might immediately fol low that, as by such an arrangement there would !>e a great saving of expense and trouble. Exhibits might be sent direct from Adelaide to England, and thug con siderable time, and not a little money, would be saved in their collection, transport, and arrrangement Sup posing the enterprise secured public favor the exhibitors would see the great advantage of this plan of proceeding. The main object of national exhibitions seems to be to advertise the wares aud natural resources of different countries. Happily they fulfil less utilitarian ob jects. They always have space for works of art, the creations of skill and fancy, and for the recent discoveries and old wonders of science. The greatest advo cates of the first London Exhibition be liered that show, and others which would surely follow it would, by bringing the various peoples of the earth together, so far promote friendly intercourse -and harmony that the folly and wicked ness of war would become- more and more apparent, and a millennium of peace would ensue. These expectations have, alas! not been realised. Threeyears after the first grand exhibition projected by the good Prince Albert was held the terrible Crimean struggle commenced, and since then there have been wan, briefer indeed, but on a grander scale than those which distinguished the time of the first Napoleon. In Austria, Italy, France, and Turkey, rivers of blood have flowed; the map of Europe has been changed, and all over the Continent now the armies are on. a war footing, as though the nations were keeping a truce that they believe may end at any moment Not only have the nations not become more peaceful, but freedom of trade has not triumphed greatly as a result of international exhibi tions, though there are signs among the leading countries of the adoption of a sounder commercial system than has pre vailed in the past, and that the time is arriving when civilised peoples will think the best policy is to be as free and un fettered in buying as in selling, that being the surest way to to establish a mutually profitable commerce. While the benefits of international shows have not been bo great and com prehensive as enthusiasts hoped thirty years ago, they have not been without utility in nHmniafing invention and enter prise, spreading valuable knowledge, and affording opportunities for the exchange of ideas between scientific and practical men. The benefits arising from the Sydney and Melbourne shows were quickly apparent in the increase of trads with Wnglanfl other countries. The proposed Austral asian show in London could hardly fii.il to produce similar effects. It would be visited by many people who had never visited this part of the world, and were very imperfectly informed concerning the immense resources of these provinces, their boundless mineral deposits, vast stores of grain, wool, and meat, fruits and wines, growing manufacturing indus tries, their State revenues, and the pros perity of their people. The ignorance in the old country concerning these great dependencies is indeed remarkable. Few Englishmen can realize the fact that the external trade of Australasia is greater than that of the United King dom was little more than thirty years ago; but this can be Been by a glance at the returns of imports and exports. Their revenue is equal to that of several of the little States of Europe combined; their population is about equal to that of the United States of America when they shook off the yoke of England; their very handsome debt is represented by works of public utility, and for the most part by works yielding a direct revenue which goes a great way towards paying the interest on the loans. Then the trade of these colonies is growing largely and constantly, and each year sees a fresh development of their resources. To cultivate more and more commercial intercourse with the Greater Britain of the south is worth the while of any country. There are not wanting signs that the position and value of the Aus* tralaaian provinces as trading and produc ing communities is becoming appreciated more of late years than previously. Ger many, France, America, all wish to do business with us, but it is desirable to quicken this development, particularly in the United Kingdom, where also no efforts should be spared to point out both to capitalists and the industrial classes what a wide field Australasia presents for the emigration of the surplus population of Great Britain and Ireland. Persons who are doubtful whether these objects will be greatly promoted by Mr. Tiro peny's scheme at any rate will have plenty of time to think over it if it is not to be brought into operation till after our Jubilee Exhibition in 1886. It is no matter of marvel that it should be the intention of the Emperor of Germany to confer on Bismarck the dignity of *'Reigning Prince." None under the sun ate greater sticklers for the privileges of exclusive cast than the German princes ; bat the great national value of the nia"*""t overborne all ordinary considerations, and the latest intelligence is that he who has been the chief creator of the empire is to receive the highest distinction that can be accorded to a subject. There is a wonderttjl galaxy of great men at the head of afiain in the new empire at the present time, "but (he greatest of them all ineontestably is Prince Bismarck. The Emperor is by no means a nonentity. His gallant, sober minded, and eminently sensible son has given proof that whenever the old man shall be summoned to other scenes he will have a successor every way worthy of him, and of the high trusts which will descend. Count Von Moltke may safely be pro nounced the greatest military genius in the world; Prince Bismarck, al&ough; lacking in some of the graces, is an incar nation of all the masculine virtues. Quick, daring- resolute, and powerful, he has the sagacity of the elephant, the spring of a panther, and the tenacity of the bulldog. The man's work has been the fitting external representation of himself. A king amongst men, no man has ever been more prolific in kingly achievements. He has restored tins empire of Oharle inagne, -but he baa imputed to it* welded compactness and homogeneity greatly in excess of anything of the sort erer realized in ike older dominion. 13m great workiuubeeneo astdiy doa? *tai but for its apparent durability it might be regarded as an exhalation. The pre sent Emperor was old enough to be able to recollect the degradation which befel the German states, and the indignities which were heaped upon his royal house, ?when the whole continent was at the feet of Napoleon. L At that time the population of the State, of which his father was the reigning head, was under 5,000,000, and for folly an average lifetime thereafter Prussia counted only as one of the larger states of the dis jointed and nerveless German confedera tion, distinguished however from most of the other states by the absoluteness of her rulers, the cultivation of the military spirit, the establishment of a learned, efficient, and permanent civil service : by frugality in finance, audacity and courage in the field, and a very grand spirit <>f fortitude under defeat. Tfce distinct aim o£ Prussia from the nrst has been t? become supreme amongst the Teutonic populations of the continent. Her competitor was so much stronger than ?he, and so much more popular amongst the western nations, that her pretensions were for a long while derided with scorn, but she worked up to her purpose with a patience and resolution which of them selves were sufficient to give a high character to any people. In the Schleswig- Holstein war Prussia showed at once her independence and her prowess, not as ?gainst the small Danish kingdom—for that were a small matter —but as a power that could afford to run counter to the protests of Germanic states, and to the advene popular sentiments of nearly the whole of Christendom. This, however, was but the prelude. The first great act required infinite study, caution, and pains. A quarrel between Prussia and Austria furnished the occasion. All Germany was quickened into commotion by the intensity of the popular interest. The sympathies of almost all the lesser states were with Austria, and the Diet thundered with violence against Prussia as a disturber of the peace. Bismarck, however, was resolved and un dismayed. Sadowa came: with it came the fate of the one power and the grand climacteric opportunity of the other. In 1860 the crown was smitten from the head of the Emperor of Austria, and the politico-formal confederatien, of which he had been the nominal head, expired in convulsion, fire, and blood. Then began the greater and more arduous task of the master diplomatist. Blood and iron had' done their work so far, but it is always easier to destroy than to reconstruct. But the trork begun was not to rest half done. The Bismarck programme required a great deal of filling up before it would be com plete. The seat of confederation was shifted from Vienna to North Germany. The work of reconstruction was begun on a new plan to a new purpose, and with an energy which had already become phenomenal. Austria naturally enough was left entirely out; while Bavaria, Wurtemburg, Baden and Hesse-Darm stadt entered into a combination known as the South German confederation. A military convention, however, was established between the two confedera tions. The war with France in 1870 brought them all into the field together, with the final result that the states cf the two confederations wtve merged in a union thenceforth to be known as the German Empire. Although the empire is a federal and not a centralised state, it is formed on an auMcratic rather titan a democratic basis. TLe entire army is under the direct com mand of the Emperor, who appoints all the general officers. The soldiers take an oath, not to the constitution, but to the Emperor. The great Chancellor, sus tained by the Federal Council, has always disavowed any political accountability to the Diet. Parliamentary government exists rather in name than in reality, and the Federal Council and Cabinets repre sent the territorial princes rather than the people. One can hardly believe, in the present state and progress of political science, that such a condition of things can be permanent. The military budget of the empire is likely to put a very serious and disturbing strain upon the great body of the people. It is not only abnormally heavy, but is also alarmingly progressive, outstripping the growth of population and wealth in an entirely disproportionate de gree. In sundry other respects, it is quite dear, from our modern and demo cratic standpoint, that sooner or later the foundations of the empire must be read justed. ;i After me the deluge." What will happen .when the great Titanic Teuton leaves the stage none can say. The policy and destiny of the confede rated empire will never again be balanced by a single hand. The Emperor will leave his legitimate successor; Yon Moltke has perfected a system, and will leave a school of military adepts who wfll repre sent and apply his ideas. But Bismarck has rigorously pursued a strictly personal regime which no pupil can succeed to, and no successor administer. Meanwhile it will be universally admitted that if any man in the Emperor's dominion is en titled to rank amongst the "reigning princes" it is he. He 8.M.& Carthage m sighted off Cape Borda at ten minntac past 7 fast night, sad would therefore reach Glenelg early this morning. In our cablegrams it will be awn that it ia taoueh* probable that the Bight Hod. W. E. Gladstone will be elevated at an early date to the Upper House as Earl of Midlothian. .As the up north train was —tmrtng the Gawler station on Friday night, AprilCT, the engine left the line in conseqaenee of the loutf being only partly open. Fortunately toe train was going very uosiy at the time Oa> tBQ GQQStBfITCISQiOCaI OUCufc OeV?6 wffffl BOEXOOSt Aajtwaa, the engine and tender left the line, bufrno -farther danage was done. The aod- a special, wnk* kfjd been telegraphed for. arri^dfrom the f l', 1??? 1**1" ""d ><?W www then tiuafemd to Oe spedal, wfcSTreached the city at midnight, jort two boors behind time. We are informed tioat hut season a farmer in the neighborhood of LytttUoL^n?fow ZnOand, raped 35,000 ImslKfvhert froZ 100 acres of land, and that he sold this pro <3cee for £7,000. The ammal meeting of the Charoh of England Sondayachool Union was held at the Church Office, Leighttreet, on Friday erminf. tinder the presidency of His Lordship Bishop Kemnon, when the annnal report and balance-sheet were adopted, and prizes awarded. Probate has been granted by the master of the Supreme Court to the wffl of the late Mr. William Bortfawick, who died towards the end of hut January at Port Lincoln, in which district be resided for many yean. The estate was sworn under £28*707, and all the idatssos of the deceased wffl rsoehe fair pcopotttonaofit A oodfefl to the wffl sets out that any of the males who an to rseeire ?jertsdnssoneys oat of the estate shall m the 2SedtateSdl-^& tb* ?>tb? !k W**? The followhig hthelistof pssseniiuj by the Orient w.Potosi, whkfa tea^Tva^and Inrtsj nelowi Mi Wsltar SZwktgWU. Da^?^lf^O.O.Da?lss,asake.Lbwsfira A. Davies, the Misses Eleanor. Hannah, and Ann Vida Davies, Mr. W. H. Askwith, Mr. W. Maddera, and Mrs. Maddern; and2o in the third-class and steerage. The lecture to be delivered by Mr. W. Malcolm in the Town Hall on Tuesday even ingnext, in aid of the seed wheat fond, iatojbe under the patronage of His Excellency the Governor and a number of influential colo nists. Mr. Malcolm will be the first South Australian born gentleman who has appeared as a lecturer in the Town HalL It is hoped that there will be a large attendance on the occasion, and that the effort now being made to wipe off the debt of £240 will be successful. The following shows the state of the rivers at the undermentioned stations at 9 a?m. on Friday, April 27:—Gundagai, summer level: Wagga, Wagga, 1 foot 6 inches ; Hay and Balranald, below summer level; Wai gett, Brewarrina, and Bourke, ?nmmiw level; Wilcannia, 3 feet 9 inches; Menindie, 10 feet 4 inches; Pooncarie, 12 feet 6 indies; Went worth, 5 feet 3 inches; Louth, 11 inches; Kuston,2 feet; Overland Comer, 2 feet S inches. The following report has been forwarded to the city coroner by Dr. Jay with reference to ttte human remains found at East Adelaide on the 20th inst:—"l beg to report that after examination I found they consisted of portions of three skeletons of aboriginals which had been buried for many years. One was that of an old man, the second of a woman, and the third of a man between 30 and 40 years of age. The latter skeleton had not been so long underground as the other two. I have also ascertained that the spot where these remains were dug up was well known as a native burial ground." With a view of correcting an impression which prevails that a movement is on foot for altering the trusts of the Anglican See, or the income provided for the present bishop while Bishop Short Eurvives, we may mention that what was discussed at the late Synodal meet ing were the powers given by the trust deed to augment the bishop's income at a future period. Dr. Kecnion had nothing to do with the initiation of this discussion, and we are informed that on hearing of itheexpressed the opinion that the maximum imxim^ set down was excessive, and that it should be limited to £1,500 per annum. A meeting of the committee of management of the Agricultural and Horticultural Society was held at the Register Chambers on Friday. The Hon. R. D. Ross presided, and there was a' large attendance. It was decided tbat 1,500 copies of the proceedings of tha society for the past year should be printed for dis tribution. Attention was drawn to the con tinued prevalence of the dog nuisance, and a resolution passed to the effect that the matter should again be placed before the Govern ment, and a request be made that some measure should be taken to abate the evil pending the coming into operation of the new vermin Destruction Act. The com mittee's report was received and adopted, and a considerable amount of correspondence laid on **"* table. To meet the growing necessities of the passenger traffic to Goodwood on the line to Glenelg the directors of the Glenelg Railway Company have arranged to run a car, drawn by a small steam motor, from Victoria-square to Goodwood at frequent intervals daring the day. A trial trip was made to Glenelg on Friday morning and proved thoroughly successful, the motor taking the party to Glenelg in the ordinary train time, running at the rate of 20 miles an hour. The car will comfortably bold about eighty passengers, and will stop at all streets intersected by the railway. At Glenelg refreshments were in dulged in by the members of the visiting party, and *' Success to the new steam-car system to Good wood" was heartily drunk. A special meeting of shareholders in the Adelaide aid Goodwood Tramway Company was held on Thursday, at the secretary a effice, Carrie-street. The chairman explained that the object of the ?^??t>ng was to con sider a proposal received from Messrs. Harry Tamer, Thomas, & Co., and S. R. Wakefield, agents for the South-Western Tramway Company, to amalgamate with the Goodwood Tramway Company. The letter contained an offer to purchase the Goodwood line at cost price, eo as to enable the Goodwood share holders to take op an equivalent number of their ?hares. It was decided that the offer of the Sonth-Western Tramway Company be not entertained. Mr. W. Everard spake strongly in favor of the amalgamation. The house committee of the Children's Hospital held their monthly meeting at that institution on Thnrsday, April 20. The matron reported that the avenge number of patients for the past month had been 34; present number, 39. There had been 14 ad missions. 7 discharged, and 1 death. A special ward has been set apart for cases of typhoid fever, in which there are at present five under treatment. Two children have been sent to the Convalescent Home in order that the change may complete their restoration to health. The expenses in such cases arc not charged to the general fund of the hospital but are paid out of the convalescent fund which was specially subscribed for the pur pose. The committee acknowledge presents of fruit from the following :—Miss M. E^re jnont, Mwdames Barker, Hayman, Wool dridge, and Mr. J. Shearing; besides an ope rating couch for the Carrie-street Dispensary from Dr. W. M. Campbell. This latteris a very nice piece of furniture, and a most useful gift. In the Monittur tie la XouveOe-Caledonie of April 5 (states the Noumea correspondent of the Sydney Morning Herald), one of the most important announcements is published, stating that in six years will cease the con voys of convicts to Sew Caledonia; that for thefouryearafoUowineithe convicts—lessening in numbers continually by deaths, &c; wiU be employed in finraliing the works already taken in hand for the good of the colony the chief one being 1400 kilometres of goodroads for vehicles, equal to 730 odd miles ; that at the end of the term of ten years the remnant of the convicts will be removed to some other part of the world (an auire point du monde). It is shown that by that time 7,000 convicts, then ?b&ret;, will have to be provided for, necessitating the command by the penal establishment of 110,000 hectares (275,000 acres) of land to be given as concessions, &c; Thus we have the cessation of transportation to New Caledonia foreshadowed. Farther in the same published " Decision No. 304," arrangements are made for the encourage ment of free immigration to the colony. The annual business meeting of the Cale donian Society Shinty Club was held on Friday evening, April 27, in the Caledonian HalL Bundle-street, Mr. W. Sutherland in the chair. The secretary (Mr. T. H. Smeaton) read the annual report and balance-sheet, showing that the dub was in a fairly satisfac tory position. Office-bearers for the ensuing year were appointed as follows:—Patron, Hon. A. Hay, M.L.G.; president, Mr. J. L. Stirling. M.P.; vice-presidents, Hons. R. D. Ross D* Murray, Dr. A. Campbell, W. C. Built, J. Crorier, and T. English; Messrs. J. H. Symon, M.P., R. B. Smith, D. McLean, F G. McCrae; captains, Messrs. Alex. Crooks and John McDonald: vice-captains. Messrs. Win. Sutherland and A. R. P. Crow; secre tary and treasurer, Mr. J. J. Niven; com mittee, Messrs. G. Wark, J. Tait, and F K. Morrison. The secretary stated that the cor poration bad granted permission to the dub to play on the East Park Lands near the race course. It was also resolved that the club and caps, blue knickerbockers. And red stockings; also, that each player should pro vide his own shinty stic . Mr. E. Gower, S.M.. held an inquest at Edithburgh on Wednesday, April 23. on the body of Mary Ann **"*??, who died sud denly at her husband's house on the previous Monday evening. From the evidence it appeared that the hnsband of deceased, who is a fanner and mail contractor, was away during Saturday and Sunday. Shortly after hia departure, deceased purchased a bottle of Moan gin and drank almost the whole of it te then went to bed and remained there without taking food until Monday morning. When the husband returned at about noon on Monday he found the deceased lying on the bedroom floor with nothing on but a chemise. Mr. Martin took very little notice of her, as he bad found her in the same state before, but be wrapped her up warmly and waited for her to come round. Daring the day she managed to swallow a little soda water, and later on a little gin and water, but as ate was no better by 9 o'clock in the evening, the husband sent for a neighbor to attend to her. Upon this lady, Mrs. Cham bers, entering the room with the hnsband they found Mis. Martin dead. Dr. Flood, who examined the body, was of opinion that the cause of death was paralysis of the heart caused by drink and exposure. A verdict was retained in accordance with the medical testimony. mWe understand that Mr. W. Whitfield Mills, who had charge of the staff who erected the cental section of the overland telegraph line, is about to set oat to explore foutryin Western Australia, as yetvery little known. He Uat prSent In Ad£ &?* <££*?* ?*""????>? for Us Journey, Ft£L 4 *?? *? wflleqnip towards the end of next month. His idem ?. to g ggL?yg^to..t>?f westernmost coast of Western Australia from Ike p — *— hi* the dtfanos befog nearly litfrilai' Mr. BOBs has been engaged tsrtslioehaige of t^teansport^serrins jWMJH?tJiT?^tt> the Borthas?pten to Bostai^^Ss^S^ss^ dtats?tfresT. one *nothsfjjlMTOhiaes; s?tfoai*sflifsis*ti*fo^s£2jWZo?Me enst taitf ?pealioat, Jte'S?frMis^d ? large amount of bush experience, and he wOl be assisted by Mr. Charles Short and a party of aix Afghm. locomotion being provided by means of thirty camels and a number of bones. Great interest is bong taken in Mr. Milla's expedition, and news of bis arrival at Hortluunpton will be anxiously looked forward to, as his report on the country passed through will be most interesting to stockcwners. A meeting for the purpose of receiving a deputation from the Social Parity Society, was held In the Congregational schoolroom, Hindmarsh, on Friday evening, April 27. There was a fair attendance of representa tive gentlemen, and the Rev. Thomas Lees occupied the chair. He said that it had been thought desirable that a branch of the Social Purity Society should be formed at Hind marsh, and with a view of starting it the Rev. Mr. Kirby had been invited to attend and lay before the meeting the principles of the society. Mr. Kirby said the movement was dear tohisheart. He was pleased at know | ing that those present were disposed to hear what he had to sayon the subject, and he hoped that the result of the meeting would be that a branch would be formed at Hindmanh. He then explained the formation of the society, its aims, and what he hoped would be its ultimate result. The Rev. John McEwin moved—"That it is desirable that a branch of the Social Parity Society should be formed at Hindrnarsh," which was unani mously carried. It was also resolved that the following gentlemen be a committee to carry out the objects of the branch at Hind marsh:—Keva. H. M. Pollitt, John McEiren, T. Hillman, Jas. Allen, BL D. Smith, T. Lees, W. R. Hiddlestone, Messrs. T. Adcock, Jos. Aahton, J. E. Mitton, J. Harry, G. Bnmell, Dr. Kidner, and A. Paddy, secretary pro. tern. A letter from the Rev. H. M. Pollitt was read, expressing regret at not being able to be present, and his hearty sympathy with the, movement. A cordial vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. Kirby. The general orders issued by the Staff Office state that] the following extract from the Queen's regulations and orders for the army is promulgated for general information: ?—"Anonymous complaints, and the publica catlonthrough the medium of the pressof any. thing calculated to act injuriously on the in* terest of the service, or to excite discontent in the army, are strictly prohibited." G. Oonnell, late color-sergeant of the 15th In fantry, is appointed staff drill instructor with the rank of sergeant-major from May 1, vice Sergeant - major Bart, resigned. Lieut, and Adjutant Herbert is granted six weeks' leave of absence. The following promotions will take place in A Battery consequent on the discharge of Sergeant Stacey:—Acting-bombardier B. G. Clifford to be sergeant; Gunner W. Haudby to be acting-bombardier. Leave of absence is granted as follows, viz.:—Gunner W. C. Perry, three months from 21st instant; Gunner W. R. Boninson, three months from 21st instant. A Company—Private B. Scown, three months from 18th instant; Sergeant KrichaufL six: weeks in extension ; Sergeant G. A. P. Chick, three months from 18th instant in extension; Sergeant J. Walton, three months from 18th instant in extension. D Company—Lance-Corporal Martin, one month;Private B. Jenkins, three months; Private A. G. Page, two weeks; Private A. Walker, two weeks. E Company—Private G. Kite, three months. F Company—Private F. Staer, three months; Private T.Thomp son, three months. K Company—Private C. Hopkins, permanent leave ; Private G. M. Mith, three months. Reserve—Private Hall. ' three months. Private John Nadebaum is transferred from H to A Company. A deputation representing the Zoological and Acclimatisation Society, and consisting of the Hods. H. Scott and D. Murray, and Messr*. J. H. Bagster, M.P., W. B. Bounse veU, M.P., G. Boothby. S. Davenport, W. J. Magarey, and R. E. Minchin waited upon the Chief Secretary (Hon. J. C. Bray) on ; Friday,Arml 27, in order to obtain a grant of £1.000 as an excess warrant, and a sum of j £5,000 to be placed upon the Estimates. The Hon. EL Scott in introducing the deputation stated that at present the f onds of the society ! were so low that at the end of the current ? month they would be Hbsolutely without money to work upon. It was impossible to raise money except by paying a very high rate of interest, or by giving s personal guarantee to the banks. £He would point out that the society saved the botanic garden board £700 per annnm by keeping the M?im*in_ He therefore yt-^ that £1,000 might be granted to them for their present necessities, and that a further sum of £5,000 might be placed upon the Estimates next session, not as an annual grant but as a sort of capital to establish them \- eclves upon, they having hitherto been sup ported almost entirely by private donations. Mr. Mip?*in f secretary, furnished som-> statistics, which snowed that over £3,000 was already foreseen to be necessary to cover next year's expenses. The Chief Secretary said be was sorry that he had been unable to visit the Zoological Gardens, and he was anxious to see the society prosper. He regretted that they were in such a b?i financial position, but he could not promise any amount to them at present. He would confer with his colleagues, and would be glad if possible to place upon the Estimates some such amount as that mentioned by the secre tary to the society. At Noumea on April 7, there took place the trial of an Englishman named Ben. Booth for the wilful murder, in December last, of a New Hebrides native at the Tchio nickel mines. The accusation having been read, the tribunal was addressed by the public prosecutor, a young man who has succeeded Monsieur Giurand, who so eloquently con ducted the celebrated Madezo case for murder and kidnapping, daring which he spoke in terms of the very highest praise of the treat ment of natives laborers on the mines by the manager, Mr. Thomas Hosking. His address occupied about three minutes. The whole case was heard in less' than an honr. Booth was acquitted of the charge of murder, bat found guilty of accidental tiomiwMa, and condemned to the maximum punishment prescribed by the French code, namely, ''Two years' imprisonment, 600 francs fine, and all expenses." Profound astonishment and deep commiseration (says the New Caledonia correspondent of the Sydney Morn ing Herald) were expressed on all sides at the verdict, for first, the death was proved to be accidental; next, all the native wttaes?es gave evidence that Booth wai always kind and good to them. Ten certificates from his various employers, and houses of first stand ing here, attested the same, and to bis ad mirable character for industry, perfect sobriety, and gentleness of disposition during the ten years he has been here. A most pain ful sensation has been produced in the minds of a large number of the moat respectable and influential residents here' by the severity of the sentence. People ask, "Why the maxi mum punishment, when such a large amount of unusually favorable evidence was produced for Booth r Steps wfll be taken in order tbat the case may be represented in those i quarters where it is to be hoped that justice may yet successfully plead in favor of this man, who is the victim of a pure ?ceidont, the rcsplt of which none could deplore more tii*ti himself. A special meeting of the S.A. Yacht Club was held at the Ship Inn, Port Adelaide, on Friday evening, to make arrangements for the formal closing of the season on the following day. Mr. W. G. Randall, rear-commodore, presided over agoodattendance. The follow ing procession programme was decided upon : —"Yachts to be anchored in line from Martin's Point down stream, according to size, about thirty yards apart, the largest yachts nearest the Fort, after sails set. All hands must be on board before 2 p.m. Upon the Zephyr hoistiog MLH the yachts will weigh simultaneously, and keeping the same position) as above, round buoy moored off Princess' Wharf, leaving buoy on Port hand, and return down the river as far as the North Arm, where the Zephyr will anchor, and each yacht on pawing will salute her. After the last yacht has saluted, the Zephyr will hoist MNB (get ready to start)]; this will remain flying for five mmntes, to enable the yachts to get into line." When this is got through there will be three races, the first one for third-class yachts, the second a special race, and the other a fourth-class contest. The followingyachts will take part in the races:—Mr. Yeo's Ada, Messrs. Woolnoogh and Porter'fl Banshee, Messrs. MKchelPand Barringer's Trio, Mr. M. Mead's Philadelphia, Captain Bickers's Weetena, Messrs. H. C. and C. Dewhirst's Desiree, Mr. Randall's Gazelle, Mr. J. Gill's Hydaspes, Mr. R. Kestel's Bote, Messrs. F. I Keateland W. Russell's LO. These with other yacht* wfll form in the proces sion in the following order :—Weetena, Philadelphia, Trio, Vivid, Ada, Banshee, [ Hydaspes, Leander, Gazelle. Desiree, i Gemma. Rose. Lily-Emu, and LO. The commodore (Mr. W. H. Bondey) will manoeuvre the crafts from the yacht Zephyr. The usual steamer will be chartered, and a band engaged, and there is a good prospect of a pleasant .?afternoon being spent by visitors. The Fiji Argu* states that a special sitting of the High Commissioner's Court in its criminal jurisdiction was held at Suva on March L. for the trial of George Lewis, alias Lewis Sinclair, charged with the wilfol murder of one Henry Shaw, at Sandwich, New Hebrides, on tie 20th August last The Hon. FieUHngJ. Clarke acted as Judicial Commissioner. The prisoner, who was one of the crew of the Jabberwock, bad some altercation with his shipmates, not including the deceased, and while the vessel was lying in harbor at Sandwich be secured a revolver, and taking advantage of ? oaooe which was about leaving the side of the vessel, at tempted tojXsMit tt? vessel and reach the sttafa Vym Ms dtmmt* bring Osomrad, vSra SKOMttfeAj WnS) OOSBpicd Hbff pOSmSJB Of second mate, was sent with a boat's crew to arnat him and bring: him on board. On the boat approaching the canoe Lewis fired two shots in the air. evidently with the object of intimidating his pursuers, who. hoireter, soon reached the canoe and made the boat Cast to the outrigger, when he fired again and woonded Shaw, after which hs was secured and taken on board the vessel, where Bhaw shortly afterwards died from the effects of the wound. Prisoner denied that he fired at Shaw with intent to kfll him, or that he fired at him at aU, declaring that he fired at the boat's painter with the object of catting it and escaping; but the relative positions o! the deceased, himself, and the rope, rendered this assertion very incredible. The *?i?sjing of the case occupied the whole day, it being 6 o'clock when the judge and; assessors retired. On their return they delivered their opinion to the following effect:—Mr. Taylor —That the prisoner fired at deceased with in tention to resist capture, but whether with the intention to 101l him he oonld not say. Mr. Scott believed that prisoner fired towards flfwpawfri, but without intention to do bodily harm. Messrs. Cathbert and Bturchie found the prisoner guilty of manslaughter. The Judicial Commissioner agreed with Mr.. Taylor, and considered bis finding amounted to a verdict of guilty of murder. On being asked if he had anything to say why sentence of death should not be passed npon him, the prisoner "??^?? a most ?"i<""n declaration of the absence of any attempt upon his part to shoot the ?w?y l Mi. Sentence of death was then passed upon him in the usual form, bat the executive have since decided that the capital sentence shall not be carried oat, although the alternative has not yet been re solved upon. Writing on the subject of the recent rail way accidents, the Kapttnda Herald, of April 27, says t-" It is the easiest thing in the world to wreck a train! The omission of a beat on the telegraph bell will do it—hat done it in the old country—when five city men going to business in the full possession of all their faculties were killed on the spot, and a dozen others were more or less injured. The slovenly f*fag of a luggage track may do is ; nay, very nearly did do it last Tues day, when a bate of paper fell off one of the trucks of our mid-day train from town, just after pa??ipg over the Fan Para bridge. Imagine the horrible position of affairs had this fallen off while the train was on the bridge. Nothing short of a miracle could have saved that train from leaping headlong over the precipice, and who can among the passengers assure himself or herself that they would not have ere cow taken that journey to the unkowa land from whose bourne -no traveller re turns? On the following day (Wednesday) another accident took place between our own township and Ford's; no blood was spilt, but it might have been. The engine went off the line, and ploughed up some of the land gratis. This might have been a serious affair, but, thanks to oar townsman Mr. Wheelhouse, who was in charge of the iron horse on that morning, the possible danger was averted. This took place close to til? quarry—an ugly spot to come in contact with when stones and iron fight for mastery. Then, again, so late as Friday last, the last train from town came tinoothly along until within a mile of Kapunda, when something unusual was discerned on the line (again by Mr. Wheel house) apparently a light making rapid pro gress towards him. Of course he nad the pass word, "line dear," from last halting place, and had to use his judgment and common sense. His position was by no means a happy one, but he was equal to the occasion. He reversed his engine and got op a speed of forty miles an hoar backwards, when forward, and stfll forward, came the light—presently, crash! and he discovered that only just in tune was his engine reversed, for but another minute and he would not have been alive to tell his tale. The pas sengers who were in this train felt the concus sion to the extent of being shot off their seats, and what the result would have been had thedriverof that train been listlessly con tent that all was well, and not keeping his eyes open and about him, we can only con jecture. It appears that a break-van and a laden track got away from the Kapunda station in some mysterious fashion, and the incline being 1 in TO, pretty considerable speed must nave been attained before the concussion took place. We feel that recogni tion—substantial recognition too—is deserv ing in a case of this kind, and hope the Go vernment wfll not lose sight of so efficient an officer as Mr. Wheelhonse has proved himself to be." "Patience" was repeated at the Theatre Royal on Friday before a crowded house, and passed off successfully. His Excellency the Governor has announced his intention of being present this evening. The waxworks now being exhibited on the premises in Bundle-street, lately occupied byW. W.Gall& Son, have been attracting a fair number of spectators daring the last few days.and considerable interest ismanifestsd in the artistic representations of notables pre sented to view. The Ports will play the West Torrcns Foot ball Clab on the Alberton Oral this after i 000, and the Norwoods will play the Ade laides (23) on the Kensington Oval. Whilst the Utter match is being played, a one-hour's go-as-you-please contest will take place on the oval between Weddjjr.S. Wales, and Harris, South Australia. The pedestrians wfll use the outer track, so that the football match j wfll not be interfered wiOu St. Patrick's Catholic Society, assisted iby several members of the choir, gave an entertainment in the schoolroom, West-terrace, on Friday evening, April 27, before a crowded auditory. It would be in vidious to single out for praise any particular lady or gentleman who took part in the enter tainment, which consisted of songs, recita tions, Shakesperian selections, and a farce, but it wfll suffice to say that the majority of the numbers appeared to be appreciated by those present. ? There was a good attendance at Garner's i Assembly-room on Friday evening to witness ] j the diorama of the Zula War, the bombard i ment of Alexandria, and the funeral proces- { j sion of the Prince Imperial. The views as i : usual were much appreciated, and loud ' applause followed the lecturer's graphic I descriptions of the most sanguinary combats. j At the close the customary distribution of | gifts was made, when Mrs. Richmond, of Thebarton, received the piano. This after j noon there wfll be a matinee for schools 'and ! children, when each child in attendance wfll I receive a- present. The usual evening per { formance wfll be given. I An entertainment was given in the : Thebarton Model School on Thursday even- J ing, April 26. There was a very good ; attendance, seats being at a premium. The : first part of the programme consisted of songs, ! sentimental and comic, a recitation, and ( choruses, and judging from the applause the : audience were highly delighted with the : various contributions. Mr. March sang two ' comic songs, which were encored, and a i similar compliment was paid to Miss Bad i man for "Take back tie heart." and Messrs. i Bice and Justin for their comic songs. The ; choruses were given in good time, and re ? fleeted credit on Mr. Webb, the headmaster, | who acted as musical conductor. In the i second part the Adelaide Entertainment ? Club made their debut in Maltby's farce, . "BorrowedPinnies." The make up of aU ? the characters was exceedingly good, and the portrayal of the characters very creditable. Mr. T. G. Roberto's TstOeton was an easy and careful assumption, and Messrs. Newman ' and C. Taylor^ Dick Miggle and Mr. Bibbins respectively fairly delighted the "rli?nrf, who cheered them lustily. The ladies. Misses Evans and Menz, also did remarkably well, the bitter's Emma being a very vivacious im . personation, and most of the performers ghowedmore than an average amount of dramatic ability. The annual meeting cf Tattersall'a Club will be held in the dub rooms this afternoon. To-morrow evening Mr. Archibald will lecture in ' UieFreetbought?aU,KuigWUliam-Btreet. A ouoit match for a sflrer medal will be con tinued at the Exmonib ground thii afternoon. Toe quarterly meeting of the S. A. Typograohical ! Society wfD be htld at the Labor League Hail this > evening. , The third of Madame Kate Thayar's popular concerts will be siren in the Town Hail this evenlrg. The BeT. W. B. Hiddlestone will conduct a special ? tenrfce relative to the late Ueo. C. Spencer, porter attbe?owden railway station, at the Institute-hall, ' Bindmarab, to morrow erening. 