HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. Wednesday. Attottst 22. The Speaker took the Cliair at 2 o'clock. ADJOURNMENT—THE IRISH INFORMERS. Mr. WARD asked the Chief Secretary whether he bad seen the paragraph in the papers that morning to the effect that one of the Piuunix Park murder I informers (Joe Smith) was on board the French j steamer Melbourne, which would shortly arrive bore from Melbourne, and whether the Government would take any steps to prevent this man tanning here ? He also wished to know whether the police of this colony were not entitled to considerable credit for having been the first to identify those informers when they arrived by the Pathan? The Hon. J. CARR said he differed entirely from the hon. member, and to put himself in order he would moTe that the House at its rising adjourn till hall- past 1 o'clock to monow. He thought the colonies were acting in a most unconstitutional manner in trying to prevent these men from landing on our shores. These men were not under any legal disabilities, and they bad done a great service to the State. (Laughter ; and Mr. King—" What did they do before rj They had been convicted of no crime whatever. (Mr. Ooglin—" They ought to have been hung." Hear, bear, and laughter.) Perhaps 'so, and there were a good many others who ought to be hung. (Laughter.) We did not enquire into the antecedents of those who came to the colony to find out whether they ought to be hung or not, and these men had just as much right to come here as any one else. (No, no.) He hoped that the Executive would not be unconstitutional enough to take any notice of this absnrd clamour, as if we enquired into the social antecedents of every one who came to the colony we would have enough work to do-for the remainder oi our lives. We ought not to treat any but convicted criminals in this way. Mr. WARD seconded the motion, and expressed the hope that the Cbief Secretary would give a satisfactory answer to his question, and that the Govevernment would take the same steps as they were prepared to take when the Pathan arrived. He hoped the Opinion entertained by the Hon. Mr. Carr was not shared by the other members of the House—(Hear, hear)—as, although those men bad not been legally convicted of crime, they had absolutely confessed to it, and betrayed the men who were associated with them, and the repu tation of the men who had been hung would com pare favourably with that of the men who had saved their lives by treachery. (Hear, hear.) He would rather be dead with the reputation of the men who were hung than alive and with the reputa tion of those men who were crawling about seeking a refuge which he hoped they would not find in the colonies. He was sorry to hear such opinions from the Hon. Mr. Carr, who was usually so philan thropic, and a much Letter man in many respects tlian he was. (Laughter.) He hoped that the Chief Secretary would use every effort in the direction he lind indicated, and he also trusted that our Police Force would get the credit for having identified these men, which had hitherto been given to the police of Victoria. Mr. TOMKINSON thought Mr. Ward was making too much of Joe Smith and that the whole thing might safely be left in the hands of the Chief Secre tary, who had acted promptly and properly when the Pathan arrived here. Mr. BRIGHT hoped the Chief Secretary would take the same course as they took when the lliese men should be allowed to land. Mr. JOHNSON said if the face6 of the informers were anything like they were represented in the illustrated papers small credit attached to the police for having recognised them, for he doubted whether any such villanous faces besides those of the informers could have been found on board the ship. (Laughter.) He thought that if these men were to pe prevented from landing, the same thing should apply to the younger Redmond, as a warrant had been issued for his arrest. (Hear, hear.) Mr. BOUNSEVELL thought this was a purely executive matter, and the less said about it iu the House the better. Mr. HOWE said he did not agree with Mr. Bounsevell. He also differed from the lion. Mr. Carr, because although these men had done good service to the State they had not done it for the sake of the State. (Hear, hear.) They were sim^ljr craven cowards, who bad been associated those who had been executed, and were afraid of each other to such an extent that they brought to light their secrets. These meu should not be allowed to pollute our shores. Mr. COGLIN exnressed the opinion that these men ought to have been hung, and was surprised that the Hon. Mr. Carr had expressed any sympathy with such scoundrels. He hoped every necessary step would be taken to prevent them from landing here. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. C. Bray) said when steps were taken to prevent the landing of the Irish notables, of whose coming we were advised from Western Australia, the police here found out the men on board, and he telegraphed the full names and. descriptions of the men to Mr. Service; and a telegram, was also sent by the Com missioner of Police to the authorities in Victoria. They bad the information before the steamer left Adelaide, and no doubt this information rendered the identification of the men in Victoria one of the easiest things possible. (Hear, bear.) The Govern ment thought it was very undesirable for these men to laud in the colony, and he had had an interview with the Commissioner of Police that morning with a view of making the necessary arrangements. He did not think there was any cause for uneasiness, as our Governor and the Governors of the other colonies had received a telegram from the Secretary of State for the Colonies, stating that these men would not remain in the colonies. (Hear, hear.) Negatived. PAPER. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. C. Bray) laid on the table— " Return showing the length of main mads under existing Acts, and also under schedule of Road Bill, 1683." To be printed. MOTIONS FOR PRINTING PAPERS. Mr. BASEDOW moved— " That Petition No. 79, presented on August 16, from the Council of the Lutheran Synod of South Australia, be priuted." Carried. Mr. KING moved— " That Petition No. 81, presented on August 21, from 431 persons, be printed." Carried. TheTHEASURER (Hon. L. Glyde), for Mr. Whin ham, moved— "That Petition No. 82, presented on August 21, from five persons, be printed." Carried. Mr. COGLIN moved— " That Petition No. 80, presented on August 21, from one person, be printed." Carried. Mr. HARDY moved— " That Petition No. 84, presented on August 21, from 20 persons, be printed," Carried. COST OF EXTINGUISHING POST-OFFICE AND GOVERNMENT HOUSE FIRES. Mr. KING moved— "That a return be laid upon the table of this House showing—1. The amount of charges for extinguishing the fires which occurred early this year at the General Post-Office and at Government House, distinguishing each case. 2. Br whom charged. 3. To whom paid. 4. The cost of repairs. 6. To what account the charges inn AohifkA " were debited." There was a feeling outside the House that the schedules of rates which che Fire Brigades were autho rized to charge were excessive, ana he was anxious to see what the charges were. He hoped the return would be laid on the table before the discussion on the Fire Brigades Bill was resumed.; Carried. CORRESPONDENCE RE REVOCATION OF SELECTORS' AGREEMENTS. Mr. HOWE moved— "That there be laid upon the table of this House copies of all correspondence with the Crown Lands Department relating to the revocation of Agree ments Nos. 461C and 6531, held by John Pritchard." Carried. PALMERSTON AND PINE CREEK RAILWAY BILL. Third reading. Mr. BRIGHTsaid he had no opportunity of "speak ing on the second reading of the Bill, and as he did not arrive at the same conclusion as the other members of the party who went to the Northern Territory he felt called upon to say a few words. He was prevented by illness from going farther into the country than the Adelaide River, but he employed his time in gathering a great deal of useful knowledge respecting the country. He thought the time would come when there should be a railway from Port Augusta to Palmerston, but he felt that the present was not an opportune time for proposing the work contemplated by tbe BilL The Minister of Education was very sanguine about the Territory, and he bad also been sanguine about tbe introduction of coolies—(The Minister of Education —"So I am still")—but no great adi , „ advantage had resulted. It had been stated that an application was received some time ago for twenty-five coolies, but these were not likely to be required now by the person who applied. Now here was tbe qoestion of a million of money lor this line of railway. Generally, some idea was given es to the work a railway was likely to per form, but he did not think tbe Minister of Education had said anything on that point, nor what the returns were likely to be. The census stated that in 18S1 the whole of the population of the Northern Territory was 8,816 adult males, of which 2,734 were Chinese, leaving a population of less than GCO adult European males In the place. He believed that a large sprinkling of those Europeans were Government officers, from whom no revenue could be obtained. It had been stated last year by the Minister of Education, when introducing the Indian Immigration Bill, that it would give a great impetus to the Northern Territory by allowing settlers to obtain coolie labour, and that it would be largely employed in the construction of the railway, out now the latter idea seemed to be abandoned—(The Minister of Education — " No") — because the Minister was going to call for tenders and allow tbe contractor to employ what labour he chose. He had said that he did not think the coolie labour would be employed there on account of the restrictions of the Bill, and facts had proved that he was tight. He desired - to give fair play to the Northern Territory, but be wanted to act honestly in this matter, and he did not think it was right when there was no pro spect for many years to corn" of making the through line from Port Augusta to Purt Darwin to carry out this work, because he was sure that it would be a losing concern unlil the whole of the line were made. He was certain that three trains a year would serve the population on the mines at the present time with sufficient stores to last them for twelve months. Then what was tbe railway to earn t—for there was no great demand forflfat stock at Palmerston, and as for hones it would be much cheaper in an open country like the Territory to drive them to tbe port rather than carry them in a train. He had been told by some hon. members of tbe House and some of the Parliamentary party that he bad ;not gone down to the mining district; but that was not bis fault, but his misfortune, for he was physically incapacitated from going on. The hon. member Mr. Dixson had asked him if he in tended to support the railway, and when he replied he did not think he could do so he was told by the hon. member that if he had been the Minister of Education he would not have taken him if he was going to be critical. (Loud laughter.) He had gone within forty or flrty miles of the reefs, although some of the members of the party had tried to shorten the distance he had gone by reckoning from Sonthport, instead of from Palmerston. That did not hurt him, although it tended to glorify them and their labours. The SPEAKER—I think, as this is the third reading of the Bill, the hon. member ought to confine himself to the principles of the Bill. At present he is going; into a great deal of extraneous matter, and I think he is going altogether too far. Mr. DIXSON must ask to be allowed to make a personal explanation. He bad no recollection whatever of having said anything of the kind that jur. srignc naa mentioneu. no migni nave aone so in banter with him, but he had never said such a thiDg in earnest. Mr. BRIGHT was advancing his reasons for opposing the third reading of the Bill. The SPEAKER—I hope the hon. member will confine himself to the principles of the measure. His experiences of the journey made Borne time ago has nothing to do with the principles of the Bill. Mr. BRIGHT said it had been urged in the Honse that because he did not go as far as the reefs he was not able to form an opinion on the subject; but he spoke from a personal observation of the country between Southport and the Adelaide Rive and within forty miles of the gold-fields. From what he had seen he was sure ft was abBurdfora surveyor to survey a line in the dry season, because he conld not give a proper report as to the suita bility of the ronte unless he stopped there during the wet season as wbII as the dry one. The report oi the engineer stated that jarrah was to be used, but when the report was furnished to the House in connection with the Port Darwin Railway in 1878 the Engineer-in-Chief said" The sleepers are of cast-iron, as timber is very liable to destruction by white ants, the rails to be of steel,-41-lb. to the yard." He felt sure it would be impossible to construct the line with wooden sleepers. He had seen a case where the white ants had eaten through lead in order to get at wood about it, and any wooden sleepers, whether of jarrah or any similar material, would not resist the ravages of the ants, except, perhaps, cypress pine or Leichardt pine were employed. He did not think, however, that there was a suffi cient supply of those woods for such a work as this. The line certainly would not go into the sugar country, and it would have to depend upon the gold and tin which might be sent down. The existence of the latter mineral in quantity was somewhat problematical, and he was sure it would not need a railway to take the comparatively few ounces of the gold that might be obtained from Pine Creek to Pal merston, nor would a large quantity of stores be required, because there was only a sparsely settled population in the gold-bearing country. He thought the great drawback in the Territory had been, not what the Government had not done for it, because the State had tried to foster it, but what had been left undone by the people who owned property there and would not sell until some one else disposed of their land in order that they might benefit bv the increased value given to their property. No doubt the residents, as the Minister of Education had stated, were anxious for the construction of the line, because a large amount of money would he expended in the plac >, and conse quently business would become brisk; but once the line were made he did not think, unless private capital was employed to induce the people employed in it to remain, that they would stop in the country. They were then told about the difficulty of getting produce to the mines, but he had seen much worse roads in South Australia in] I860, when stores bad to be carted to the Burra by means of bullocks, than there were between Southport and the Adelaide River. (Mr.Furner—"They aremuch worse beyond.") There the settlers used the two-horse cart and could get over the road very well, and it should be re membered that they did not try to get their stores during the wet season, but obtained them all during the dry season, when they did not experience any difficulty in the cartage. He believed it would be a good thing to make the railway as part of the Trans continental Railway, but if they had to wait for twenty-five years before they could get from Port Augusta to Pott Darwin he was sure that the colony would have to pay a large amount of interest before the State got any return for it. So far as the jetty at Palmerston was concerned, he agreed with the Minister of Education that it should be made, and be would do anything he could to improve the facili ties for shipping there. He believed it would be useless to attempt to oppose the Bill now, because hon. members seemed determined to pass it, but he thought when it was looked upon fifteen years hence—when the line wculd not be finished right through from Port Augusta it would be said that they ought to have waited a few years before they authorized the line, and that if they had wished the Territory to go ahead they ought to have waited till the landed proprietors had done something for themselves. He felt sure that the railway would not pay one-fourth of its working expenses, and he did not think the construction of the railway itself would bring population unless other inducements were held out by private people for the men engaged upon it to remain in the place. Mr. DIXSON hoped the Bill wonld be carried. (Hear, hear.) He simply rose to repeat what he had said a few minutes before, that he did not think it was possible that the hon. member could imagine that he was in earnest in saying that the Minuter of Education had acted wrongly in asking Mr. Bright to go with him if he Intended to criticise. All the members of Parliament were invited to ac company the Minister, and he wished to say to Mr. Bright that he wanted to express his strong sym pathy with him in regard to the very large amount of chaff he bad had to endure since his return from the Northern Territory. (Loud laughter.) ' m Mr. JOHNSON had noticed that in New Zealand it was proposed to levy a certain percentage of the expense of constructing a railway upon the pro prietors of land adjoining the railway, which would lie improved in value by the carrying out the work, and perhaps that principle mlghtDe applied here. He had heard that it had cost the State something like £80 to carry Mr. Bright back from the Adelaide River to Southport, and he would like to know if that was correct? If it had cost £30 to bring Mr. Bright back forty miles, what would it have cost to bring him back 100 miles? (Laughter.) Why they might have lost him altogether, and that was one of the best arguments they could have in favour of the Bill. Mr. GILBERT had not as a rule supported the expenditure of money on railways at the present time, because of the bad financial condition of the colony, bnt he certainly would vote for this line, because he thought it was necessary for the develop ment of the Northern Territory, and that it would be reproductive within a very short time. Mr. BOWER thought that they ought to have (acts and figures before them when dealing with such a work as this, and if they went into them they found that only about £9,000 had been collected in the country for revenue during the past six months, so that the returns for the whole of the year could be put down at about £20,000. The interest upon the money necessary for the construction of the rail way would be £40,000, and therefore there could not be the possibility of a revenue being obtained from the country sufficient to pay the interest, so that they must come to the conclusion that South Aus tralia would have to nay for it. (The Minister of Education—" Certainly not.") Why the whole of the exports for the last year only amounted to £40,000, and consequently it would take half the value of the products of the country to pay the in terest on the railway. Under these circumstances, unless it could be proved that there would be some good return from the line, or that there would be a great development of the country, he would hare to vote against the railway. It had been Baid we ought net to encourage the Chinese in the Northern Terri tory, but it seemed to him that the line would be built for tbeir special benefit, because it would only be utilized by them and a few Government officials. Here we were borrowing million after million of money, and no one Beemed to raise a voice against it. The Northern Territory was entirely distinct from South Australia proper, and nearly all its merchandise went from Sydney. The coolies would very likely make the line, and when it was finished they would possibly return to their own country, and the result would be that the country would be in a similar state to what it was in now, with a not mnch larger population. Then, too, nearly aU the Companies that had been started, and had had large grants of land, had given np their operations; ana indeed he thought when the time came for South Australia to tax herself for the line there would be no one to blame but the Parliament of the country. Mr. HENNING said his attention had been drawn to the fact that in 1878 the Engineer-in Chief in his report said iron should be used for this line instead of timber, on account of the white ants. He would like to know what information the Engineer-in-Chief had received since then to war rant him in saying that jarrah would not be attacked by white ants ? The Government should be very careful on this point, because if jarrah would be eaten by the ants, before the line was com pleted the first section would be destroyed. Mr. BOSWOBTH said he looked upon the line as a national undertaking, and not merely as a railway from Palmerston to Pine Creek—(Hear, hear)—and seeing that Mr. Newland's motion for making the Transcontinental line on the land-grant system had not been carried he was in favour of making it in sections. He thought that unless we were able to penetrate through Australia with a line of railway we need never hope that Australia would be a great country. As to the white ants, he would suggest that if jarrah sleepers were to be used it would be advisable to put them in a solution of poisonous matter that would destroy any insect that would attack them. That, with the vibration of the trains passing over, would do away with the danger of the wood being destroyed by the white ants. Mr. RAUSTER said he was sorrv there ehnnld he a differenced opinion on this matter, and he was sure that if Mr. Bright had gone as far as his com panions in the Northern Territory he would have taken the same view as they did, and would not hare referred to the gold-producing output as a few ounces. Most of the members who wont to the Territory thought there was a sufficient quantity of cypress, pine, and other native woods which the ants did not touch, to be used as sleepers. It seemed to be overlooked that this was the first section of the Transcontinental line, commencing at that end ; and whether the reefs were payable or not, the fact remained that we had constructed hundreds of miles of the Transcontinental line at this end, and we should now begin at the Port Darwin end and come southward. Mr. COULIN said he believed that this railway would develop the Northern Territory just as the trans-continental railway had developed America. If the line were made capitalists in England would see the energy we were displaying, and would be stimulated to take up the country. Mr. TOMKINSON said he found that tbere was an item in the estimates of £4,185, together with 10 per cent., for land compensation. Be had hoped that no land would have to be purchased, and he thought the owners of the land, Beeing the gr advantage they derived from the line, should n given the land to the Government. He thought the estimate for the line was rather a high one, but he hoped the Government would receive enough from the sale of the land to recoup them selves for the outlay on the railway. He must vote for the line, as be looked upon it as a local line to develop the resources of the country; buthecouldhotregarditas a link in the Trancontinental line in our time. He was satis fled that line could only be constructed in our time on the land-grant system. The MINISTER of EDUCATION (Hon. J. L. Parsons), in reply, said he was not sorry Bright had called attention to the consti tion of the line, because it would remove even the slightest suspicion that there had been any undue haste in passing the Bill, or no sufficient opportunity of considering all that might be said against its construction as well as in its favour. (Hear, hear.) He gave the hon. member credit for the utmost sincerity in the remarks he had made, but he must say the views he had expressed were exceedingly narrow and very local, and would apply with equal force against the development of any new country in the world. The hon. member looked at the Northern Territory as it was to-day and in its present circumstances, when all the evidence showed that the reason it was in its present condition was that there had been no artery of communication between the coast and the interior. ItwasbecauBe for every six months in the year intercourse practically ceased, and any roads made during the dry season were invariably washed away in the wet season that the whole country bad been kept back. It was because on the gold-fields, where the white man got £5 per week and the Chinese £210s. per week, with quartz reefs that gave 2 oz. to the ton on being crashed, mining did not pay those engaged in working—(Hear, hear)—and it was nothing but certain and cheap means of transit that could ever develop these nch reefs. He would call attention to the fact that in the construction of the transcontinental telegraph the route was selected simply because it was suitable for the poles. No idea entered into the minds of those who made the survey as to whether there were minerals or no minerals. The fact-was, however, that all along the telegraph line on each side there were to be found gold, tin, copper, and galena. It was also well known that, with the exception of a few miles closely bordering on the telegraph line, the country was little known; and, it was reasonable to suppose, that if along the line right down to the Katharine, minerals were found on both sides, other parts of the same districts were as rich as these; and, instead of speaking of the few minerals upon which the people had Deen able to sustain an existence during the hardships of the last few years, we should look forward and see what the state of things would be when European miners could be employed at £2 or £210s. per week and Chinese at £1 per week. Instead of having a " few" who would require that" slight amount of stores" to wbfch hon. members had referred in doleful terms, he was look ing forward to the growth of mining towns with very considerable population in the neighbourhoods of the Union Reef, the Twelve-mile, and Mount Wells. (Mr. Henning—" You are hoping.") It was not merely a question of hope. If lion, members had seen the mineral specimens displayed in Ade laide at the present time—(Mr. ^Henning—"We have seen specimens before to-day}—they must know it was not a question of hope but a thing about which tbere was a reasonable expectation of fulfilment It had been asked why, when Mi. Stewart's survey was made, iron bad been recommended for the sleepers of the line, whereas janah was now recommended ? Of course, engineers, as well as other people, learned by expe rience. He was going to ask hon. members to con sider the analysis made of the jarrab timber by Professor Abel, of Woolwich. In the Appendix to the Public Works Report in Parliamentary Paper of 1880,under " Notes on Jonah," by J. K. Browne, Con- ' servator of Forests, it was stated :—" The tree is of large dimensions, but unfortunately is liable to decay in the centre. The wood is red in colour, bard, heavy, close in texture, slightly wavy in grain, it works smoothly, and takes a good polish. On analysis by Professor Abel it was found to contain a pungent acid, destructive to life. The sound timber resists the attack of the ' Teredo Navalis' and white ant If cut at the proper season, when the sap has expended itself and the tree is at rest, it will lie found the most enduring of all woods." He was not prepared to say that when it was well known that white ants had eaten through lead, they would not, under certain circumstances, eat through jarrab. (Mr. Eraser—" What thickness of lead V) Sheet-lead. But he wished to point out that the white ant only went in for sheet-lead and jarrnh as a luxury, and very occasionally. (Laughter.) He only indulged in these delicacies when he was bard up for other food, and the danger to the jarrah was not very great. Although it was arranged that jarrah was to be used the Govern ment would not lose sight of the risk—if it were a risk—with regard to it. (Hear, hear.) Not onlr was cypress and Leichardts pine impervious to ants but bloodwood, and ironbark, and other timbers in the Northern Territory were, andthese would be suit able for sleepers. The difficulty with these was that there must be a forest to deal with ; but before the railway was constructed large quantities might be found and could be used instead of jarrah, as they would not be more expensive. He would point out to hon. members that wherever there was a con siderable soil the return from tropical climates was enormous as compared with that from a country like South Australia proper. For instance, an acre planted with sugarcane would produce a ton and a half, and that at £20 per ton would give £30 profit on the single acre. Supposing, however here that an acre produced 12 bushels, each bushel would sell for 6s., and the result was £3 profit instead of £30. (Mr. Henning—" Will it carry sugar?") Bethought it would. Mr. McMinn, in his report, speaking of Poett's plantation at Bum Jungle, said there was plenty of unoccupied country as good as that occupied by him. It grew coffee cinchona, and other tropical plants, and as the raiu fall was good there would be sugar as well as other things. He was afraid one of (he reasons for the gloomy view Mr. Bright took of the Northern Territory was the suffering he endured while there. (Mr. Bright—"Certainly not.") Before the hon. member started from Palmers ton he was earnestly pressed not to go cn' the expedition, and any one who endured such discomfort as he did on the Adelaide Biver could not take a cheerful view of the country, and he was sure he was glad to get back to Palmorston again. He would remind hou. members that the Acting Government Resident, who knew the laud well, said that within twenty miles on either side of the line there would be three millions of acres of land not alienated, and of this one million he calculated to he worth £1 per acre. That would be a million of money. Then, as to tho difficulty of paying for the construction of the lino, hon. members forgot there were 635,000 square miles of country in the Territory, all to be considered as ou asset against the cost of the railway. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Johnson had raised the question of the expense connected with the return of Mr. Bright, but he was quite sure that the House would regard twice the amount of money as well spent to secure so satis factory a result. (Hear, bear, and laughter.) He did not think there was any serious opposition tc the Bill, and he hoped the third reading would be passed without a division. The Bill was read a third time and passed. OATHS ABOLITION BILL. Second reading. Mr. SYMON said, in moving the second reading of this Bill, he would endeavour to expedite matters as far as be possibly could. He had in the first place to thank thoBe who had supported him on the second reading of the Bill last session, and also those hon. members who had expressed their entire sympathy with the objects of the Bill, and whose feelings and sentiments bad undergone a considerable change He regretted that the Attorney-General had inti mated that the Government would oppose the Bill, and he hoped that the Govern ment would not object to the measure, except so far as their judgment dictated, and that the measure would not be opposed by the Ministry as a Ministry, as it was quite as important that this should be regarded as an open question as that the totalizator and payment of members questions should be so treated. (Hear, hear.) Last session some hon. members investigated the matter in a way in which he wished it to be investigated now. He thought there was nothing so destructive to enquiry and reform as the feeling on the part of some people that they were bound to cast about for reasons in support of the existing state of things instead of enquiring into the reasons of its existence, and as to whether it should subsist longer. We should look upon the present state of things, not as something which we should find reasons to support, but as something as to which we were bound to enquire into the very foundations on which it existed, ana as to whether it should exist one moment longer —to cast aside.the halo of antiquity, and rest con tent with forming a judgment on the facts and arguments which occurred to us. If there had been any change in the public sentiment with regard to this matter it had heen entirely in favour of the measure. There had been no such meeting as was held last year, when opinions adverse to the Bill had been expressed, bat those who supported him were satisfied to find that their convictions had the Bupport, not merely of the Press, but of the pulpit, so far as it had expressed itself. He had read an excellent article in the last issue of the Kapunda Herald in support of the second reading of the Bill, and he read it with the more gratification because he was supported last session by the three members for the Light. He did not propose to deal with the matter so exhaustively as he did last year, as the subject bad become one of general discussion, and there was no necessity to direct the attention of the public to it. In the first place, be would ask what was the oath he sought to abolish ? The oath that was administered to witnesses, and substan tially to persons who made affidavits, was that they should speak the truth, the whole truthT and nothing but the truth, so help them God. The oath was not merely a promise to speak the truth; It was not merely an undertaking that the man who took the oath would as far as he could adhere to accuracy in his statements; but it involved an imprecation of a most dreadful kind. It involved a calling down upon him an imprecation on hiB bead by which he renounced all hope from God, and prayed God to desert him and leave htm without shelter and protection to all the powers of evil, if, he spahs falsely. That was puttinrft in its strongest shape; and now he would put it in its mildest shape, in which it was presented by one who at any rate believed in oaths, and that was John 'Milton, who said:—"An oath is that whereby we call God to witness the truth of what we say, with a curse upon ourselves, either express or implied, should it prove false." Now, consider what ibis meant. It meant that a man who took an oath staked his salvation on ills statement under its sanction. It was specified that the statement must he wilfully and corruptly false to merit the curse; but it was altogether apart from the proposition as to whether the statement was wilfully und corruptly false. Was there a man who would say that the hope of salvation to a man, however good a Christian he might be, was to be dependent upon the literal veracity of his statement? A man who took the oath was not merely to tell the truth in answer to the questions asked by the counsel or Judges; but he was to tell the whole truth, and the very first thing which a Judge would prevent wonld be the telling of the whole truth; in the sense in which it was popularly understood. To enable a witness to fulfil the oath he would have to begin his whole narrative, and to exhaustively tell it from beginning to end ; but the Judge would tell him he liau no business to do that, if he answered the questions put by bis own counsel his evidence would be limited to the facts which were in favour of the case which the counsel sought to present, and he would be cross-examined to test that evidence ; and waa there a man, however anxious he might be to be truthful, who, under the influence of prejudice and an involuntary bias, could be snre he was speak ing the absolute truth on his oath i He contended that it was impossible to believe it. More than this, without any irreverence he submitted that the Divine punishment was utterly disproportionate to the offence. We had made the offence of wilful and corrupt perjury pnnishable by a term of im prisonment, while it was suggested that the Divine Being, one of Whose attributes was mercy, was to punish that by unending punishment in the future. He was looking at the question altogether apart from theological discussions and criticisms, and he asked hon. members to say, if there was any in junction in favour of the administration of the oaths, whether it wonld be possible for people to support it? He asked hon. members to say that there was no foundation for it, and that the oath was a profane sham. We bad a penalty for false hood and lying, and we wanted no threat of eternal punishment in order to secure sufficient truth for all our earthly purposes, and the Divine aid was invoked in a way that Christianity absolutely re jected in support of something that was to assist our earthly purposes. What was the object of the oath? If it were not intended to bring down this pnnlshment for its violation, what was its object? It woe no test of Theism or Christianity, as a man could take the oath without examination, and the nam9 of God was placed in the mouth of atheists, infidels, or peiinrers without the slightest compunction, ana the taking of the oath was to a great extent re garded as a piece of lip service. He did not propose to enter into the region of polemical theology, and he did not propose to examine critically the various passages in the Old or New Testaments which were referred to last year, when the question was spoken of as one affectum Christianity, and as to how far we were to obey the behests of the Bible. He did not say whether it was the Christianity of Christ or Paul that was to be adopted, but he put it to ever; uian who adapted the Christianity of Christ, that the injunction contained in the Sermon on the Mount was as plainly as possible to all intelligent people of ordinary understanding a prohibition of the nse of oil oaths. lie did not say that there might not be found here and there passages which would qualify this injunction ui.the Sermon on the Mount, bnt he would ash those who believed in Christianity to say that it tanght under ail cir cumstances, whether in the Conrts or on the Exchanges, the observance of an affirmative or negative, " Yea, yea, and nay, nay." There bad lately been a good deal of discus sion in England regarding oaths, especially Parliamentary oaths, and the proposed sub stitution of an amrmaion which should be permissive, and a great deal of discussion had taken plnce not only in the Parliament but in the 'newspapers. One letter in the Daily Reust, from the Hector of Woolbedlng, said:—"Either let each man swear by that Deity in which he believes (a course which St. Augustine in one place,Epistle 47, recommends), or abolish the oath altogether. And the language of the greatest Fathers respecting oaths leads to the conclusion that they would certainly have voted in favour of the latter alternative. St. Basil, in one of his letters, the 185 th, most earnestly deprecates the custom of administering oaths to the common people, as leading to the sin of perjury, and tending to lower their sense of the value of ordinary truth. St. Chrysostom, commenting on the text 'Swear nGt at all,' ob serves, • Some wili say, "What are we to do if any one demands an oath, and imposes a necessity upon «s?' I reply, "Let the fear of God be stronger than that necessity. There can be no necessity to do anything which is forbidden."' Chrysostom further says, '"Howcan an oath come of evil"if swearing was permitted under the Jewish law? He replies, 'Many things, such as polygamy and divorce, were permitted or even eruomed under the old dispensations which were intended to be abolished under the Gospel.' St. Augustine in his sermon on this same passage (St. Matthew v. 84) pleads for the reduction of oaths to a minimum. He says' As he cannot speak falsely who does not speak at all, so he cannot commit perjury who does not swear.' Further, he observes, the fact that the Deity, who is infallible and cannot lie or repent, , swore by Himself,' is an argument not for but against oaths being taken by sinful and fallible men. 'Securui jurat qui mentiri ncseif—'He swears safely who cannot lie' — He,- and «nly He. 'False swearing is deadly, true sweating is petilous, not swearing at ail is safe.' In like manner Jerome contrasts the oath of (be Divine Being with human oaths. * The Lord aware and will not repent;' bnt man may repent; therefore, it is better not to swear at all. More passages to the same effect might be cited trom these and other Fathers of the Church; but can any one doubt after leading these that the writers would have preferred the total abolition of oaths to optional affirmation in Parliament or any other place where there is the least risk that so sacred and solemn a thing as an oath may be taken lightly, irreverently, or dis honestly?' Another passage from St. Basil was— " The old law is satisfied with the honest keeping of the oath, but Christ cuts off all opportunity of per jury." There was a good deal of discussion last ses sion as to the distinction between the old and new dispensations, and it was pointed out that under the' old dispensation perjury might be com mitted. but under the new the opportunity was altogether cut off. He would only trouble the House with three more quotations :— Erotius said—" Many of the Christian Fathers con demned ail oaths without exception." Tertullian stated—" I say nothing of peijnry, since sweariog itself is unlawful to Christians." St. Chrysostom remarked—" Do not say to me I swear for a just purpose. It is no longer lawful for thee to swear justly or unjustly." While St. Gregory wrote— " He who has precluded murder by taking away anger, and has driven away the pollution of adultery by subduing desire, has expelled from our life the curse of peijury by forbidding us to swear, for where there is no oath there can be no infringe see that the offence we punished for was not for peijury. In ordinary language we called it perjury, but that was an abuse of the term. What we punished was the falsehood, the sin against society, the lie that was told in the witness- box; but perjury was a creation, if it existed at all, of the Divine Being, and it was for the Divine Being alone to punish it. Ue hoped hon. members would re member that. Perjury was a sin against God, and if there was no oath there was no breach towards God, therefore there was no violation of it; but the punishment of the falsehood remained the same, and the offence was visited in the same way by man. Then he would read a passage from a letter written by a distinguished English clergyman, the Eev. J. Charles Cox, dealing more particularly with the Affirmation Bill which was introduced into the Bouse of Commons :— ' 'Then, too, another and quite distinct considera tion influences me in giving any support in my power to the principle of the Affirmation Bill, and that is the usually profane character of all oaths. Having had several years of experience as a Magis trate before taking holy orders. I can honestly say that I do not believe that one in twenty of the oaths taken before me were prayers. Putting aside ail cases of perjury—and perjury in alibi cases at Petty Sessions is very common—what can be a greater insult to the Deity than the lip-smack of the Holy Gospels, and the heedless repetition of the set phrase by the tongue of the average policeman or gamekeeper ? If ' So help me God' is not a prayer, it is at the best an ' idle word,' for which the utterer will have to give account. Anything, therefore, that tends to lessen the repeated breaches of the Third Commandment, that are, alas! so common in our Courts, whether of Petty Sessions or of the High Court of Parliament, ought, I think, to receive the warm support of a religiously minded clergy " And a very distinguished, probably the most distin guished of Englfsh Catholics—a man who was noted when he was connected with the Church of Eng land, when he was a famous and leading member of the Tractarian party—a man who had even become more distinguished in the position he had since occupied m the Church of his adoption—he referred to Cardinal Newman—had refused to sign a petition against the Affirmation Bill because he believed that it ought to pass. It was impossible to suppose tbat any Catholic of the eminence of Cardinal New man—one who was so righteous-minded, and pos sessed with such a spirit of Christian culture—would he likely to take up a position of that sort unless he -believed in bis beart and conscience that it was just and right that be should do So. He had said last year— although he did not intend to go into that question — that it was the profanity of the thing that he protested against. The oath was not a creation of Christianity at all—it was a Pagan institution, and in addition to the quotations which lie had made on that point last year he would refer to one more. That was the statement of the Begius Professor at Oxford, who Baid—" If objection be made to yonr term 'anti-Christian'(the oath at least is non-Christian) it cannot, I conceive, be claimed as liaving any relation to any definite revealed religion, to Biblical Theism in particular." Why, it was not Theism. It was anybody's God who was invoked. Anybody who took the oath pledged himself to any belief. He pledged himself to no particular Theism or Christianity when he took the oath, which Ue was glad to say, so far as regarded the oath in the witness-box, he would never take again. If we were to go back to the days of tests, ana if we were about to adopt tests, and to make it essential tbat before a man could give honest evidence in a Court he should not l>e a Quaker, then he could understand the application of such an oath like that. If we were back to the days when Catholics were excluded from the House of Commons, then lie could understand that it would be needful to have such a test as that; but the day of tests no longer existed. Tests had been abolished simply because the exclusion on account of thein was wrong and without foundation. He hod only re ferred to this expression of the opinions mainly of clergymen of the Church of England and of digni taries of the Catholic Church, because it might be said—and he believed truly said—that Conservative opinion, ecclesiastical and lay, might be against the Bill; but he would quote one passage from a speech delivered by Lord Derby in Liverpool on the 4th of January, 1882, when dealing with this question of Parliamentary Oaths BUI. As he said last year, and, as he now repeated, his objection was to all oaths, whether Parliamentary, poli tical, indicts], or where they were given in connection with the rendering of evidence; and parenthetically he might say, as he had stated last year, he sought to deal with one thing at a time, and only to one extent at a time—he sought to deal with it in such a way, if he possibly could manage it, as not to do too much violence to any person's prejudice he would put it in that way—in respect to a practice which had existed a long time, and as to which they might not be perfectly satisfied that some sort of solemnity was not necessary, but thstlbere ought to be some kind of obligation, and be bad provided for lliat in the Bill. (Mr. Coglin—"You took the Parliamentary oath yourself.") So far as the Parliamentary oath came to be discussed, he was sure he would have the support of the hon. member in the view he put forward ] respecting it (Mr. Coglin—" Of course _ yon get over the difficulty.") Lord Derby said:— " There is another question connected with • the constitution of the' House of Commons which has already occupied more time and caused mere bad ■ feeling than its importance deserves—I mean the question of Parliamentary oaths.; For my part I utterly disbelieve in the value of political oaths. I don't see that they ever caused any man in public life to|do or to abstain from doing anything that he would have left undone, or that he would have done if oathB bad never existed." He thought that was a sentiment with which they all would agree. He was sure every member of the House would say that be would have done his duty just as well without his having taken the oath of allegiance, or any other oath, as he had done after having taken it. (Hear, hear.) He would say more than that; every one of them discharged his duty there from day to day, and from session to session, without thinking of the existence of the oath which had been taken. (Mr. Coglin—"That is a fact." Laughter.) Yes that was so. What earthly use was it? It did not improve the quality of their allegiance to Her Majesty or to the throne of England when they stood at the table and took the oath of allegiance, and it did not improve the fact that they would dis charge their duty as citizens by taking it. A man would be just as good without an oath or affirma tion as with one, but if he had to take one let it b9 an affirmation, and let them not invoke the Divine name and punishment in a matter of that sort. (Mr. Coglin—" Why, you are a second Brad laugh.") Then one might very well ask was there any efficacy in the oath, and he said that there was no efficacy at all commensurate with the mischief and the profanity connected with its administration. Men naturally spoke the truth unless there was some inducement for falsehood, and they might ask themselves what it was that overcame this induce ment to falsehood and kept men in the strict line of truth. In the first place, there was a sense of duty, and to a greater or a less degree that sense of duty might be dependent npon a religious basis, but that that basiB or sense of duty was strengthened or called into more active existence by the administration of the oath be entirely denied. First of all, it could only have its application to a good man, because as to a bad man, when there was no religious sentiment or no religions basis of action, there was no efficacy whatever. It was degradation to ask a good man. to take the oath. He would speak tne truth whether the oath was administered to him or not; and as to the bad man, it would in no way prevent the commission of the perjury, although it was possible it might appeal to his superstition. (The Attorney-General — " Hear, hear.") On that point he had only to say that he for one protested against superstition being used in any way whatever for the purpose of eliciting truth. But that itself was not enough. He pro tested against an oath which was founded upon religion, or, as some said, upon Christianity—or which, at all events, was consonant with the doc trines of Christianity—being made a vehicle of superstition to the mind of tne bad man—one who said he had no belief. He was pledged, too, by the very thing which was stated to be the basis and the concentration of our belief, on the ground that it was a superstition. He said," I have a superstitious feeling as to the future, but I have no belief," and we were to turn and appeal to him, not as a Chris tian, but because he was superstitious. Was that the position to which they were going to reduce theism or any of the doctrines which they had been taught from their childhood to revere? and were they to appeal to one who said he was uninfluenced by any of their beliefs but who was swayed by a vague superstitious dread? He would read one important passage from |the Spectator of Sep tember 28, 1882, to which he would direct the attention of the House. That newspaper said :— " The experience of |Courts of Justice goes to show that an oath does not operate to any appreciable extent as a safeguard for truth-telling. An eminent advocate of large experience declares that' in forty years practice he only met with two instances where evidence, have been prevented by a sense of religion from persisting in their testimonies.' And the only reason why an oath is ever able in any case to operate as a deterrent against falsehood is that the vaine of oaths is artificially enhanced at the expense of truthfulness in general. The obligation of an oath is enforced by temporal penalties. No such risk is run by a mere violation of the law of truthfulness." There was one thing which he thought deterred people from lying, which was more effective than the expression of any belief in reference to the punishment or the imprecatory character of the oath itself, and that was the ill opinion of other men. He believed it had as much or more to do in preventing falsehood in testimony, or the fear of the punishment which might be inflicted even by our temporal laws. No less an authority than Lord Bacon had said, "There is no vice that doth so cover a man with shame as to be found false and perfidious," and just as in common intercourse, in the affairs of life it was always the custom that a person was unworthy to be received with confidence in society if he were fonnd to be a liar. That term itself was one of the very greatest opprobrium, and it was so because a want of truthfulness was condemned by every intelligent man, whether he was a Christian or not, who had any re spect for the opinion of his fellows. How would lion, members treat a person of their acquaintance, who, whether he was convicted or sent to gaol or not, was proved in the witness-box to have told falsehoods ? It would require no con viction for perjury to lead hon. members to treat that man as though they had never met him. He did not think there was a member of the House who would not pass him by if such a thing occurred. Hon. members would recollect that years ago wc had oaths so numerous that they might be described as being countless—there was the Customs oath, the Churchwardens' oath, the University oath, and hundreds of others, and they were notoriously broken until the very infraction of them became a " by-word and a hissing throughout the land." 'J hey were broken because, so far as 'the Churchwardens' and University oaths were concerned, there was no penalty. They were treated as dead letters, and men went to the Uni versity and took an oath that they would not preach certain doctrines, but they broke it constantly. At last the evil became so great that every one of those oaths was swept away, and the tendency of all modern legislation and thought had been to abolish every extra-judicial oath for "the violation of which there was no temporal punishment. He would trouble the Bouse with one further argument in re spect to the utter uselessness of oaths in themselves, 'lake the oath as administered to jurymen. Did hon. members recollect that at the beginning of this century there was a penal code which was simply horrible in its nature—Draconian was too mild a term to apply to it. It attached the penalty of hanging to the most venial of offences, and year by year statesmen and philanthro pists tried all they could to abolish it. But what was the result before it was swept away ? The result was that jurymen became legislators, they refused to convict men of these minor offences because of the horrible punishment which they would ;be sub jected to. They systematically violated tneir oaths every day they entered the jurybox with regard to cases winch were brought before them, until, as had been said by a writer in dealihg with this question: —" We all know how Juries, feeling that they had public sympathy at their back, systematically refused to convict on the clearest evidence in the days when Bheepstealing and petty lirceny were capital offences. This was in distinct and deliberate violation of their oaths. Just before the abolition of those odious penal laws, one eminent Judge certified that on one circuit alone more than 501 'peijured verdicts,' as they were called, were given. It is manifest that the fear of God had no restraining influence in those cases. Men violated their oaths without hesitation or scruple, because their consciences revolted against punishments which were out of all proportion to the offence.'" I What did hon. members think of that 1 If there bad been a penalty attached to the violation of the oath or promise, those jurymen could not possibly have acquitted unless they had been vicarious sacri fices for the men who were brought before them. Look at what had happened in Ireland. Was it not notorious that jurymen in the west and south of Ireland, in dealing with Fenians, or other persons who were proved law-breakers, had, either from personal friendship, or under a threat of being boy cotted, or something of that sort, constantly allowed them to escape in violation of their oaths ? And he said emphatically—and Judges had said it, too— that cases occurred in our own midst in which ver dicts were given, in criminal cases especially, more from sympathy than from a regard to the evidence upon which the verdict should be founded. That was due to the fact that there was no punishment attached. (The Treasurer—" Why do you not pro pose to abolish the oaths by jurymen?") He wanted to do one thing at a time; but if the Treasurer in troduced a Bill with that object he. would pledge his enthusiastic support. (Mr. Coglin—"But will he do it?' Laughter.) lie believed he would if he gave effect to his own judgment on the subject; but personally he would most un hesitatingly abolish the oath. He would let jurymen make some promise or affirmation if it were wanted to call their attention to the duty they had to do. But be did biv that the oath was violated Ond profaned by jurymen as well us witnesses. All the old oaths to which he had re ferred were abolished because of their disgraceful abuse, and the impossibility of procuring com pliance with the promise by reason of the absence of any punishment. He had been told the other day that even in a priest-ridden country like Spain—a country saturated with all the principles of religion as far as the people understood them, and within the limits of their beliefs -oaths bad recently been abolished, and a man's declaration or promise upon his honour was now taken. He would ask hon. members why, if the oath was a thing of necessity, the evidence of a Quaker should be received on affirmation 7' (Mr. Cogiin—" Because they thought be was strictly religious." daughter.) He was obliged to the hon. member, because if the affirma tion of a Quaker were to be received because he was strictly religious, he did not think other Christains should be put on a lower level. (Hear, hear.) Then why were Atheists allowed to make an affirmation ? Why should a good man have to bring these imptecations down upon bis head? Why was the Christian to in voke all these Divine penalties on going into the witness-box to speak the truth, and the Atheist he allowed to give his evidence on affirmation? Then the evidence of a child ten years of age was taken without oath or affirmation. The Judge said —" Now, my boy, you are expeoted to speak the truth," and his evidence was taken. Let the Clerk of the Court, if necessary, call the attention of the witness giving evidence to the fact that the punish ment of falsehood would follow if he qp°ae what was untrue, but it was not right to appeal to the conscience of a good man in a way different altogether from the way in which an appeal was made to the Atheist who was below him, or to the Quaker who some (he did not) might consider to be above him. We had an example of what was done in the Insolvency Court of this province. Tho insolvent liimBelf, whose conscience had to be searched as well as his memory, gave his evidence on declaration, and yet in the same building—the Local Court—in a case involving 2s. 6d., the witnesses were examined on oath. In the Com mittees of the House oaths were administered. Peers of the realm were not required to take an oath. They made a declaration, and their affidavits were on honour. (The Hon. J. Colton—" They are particularly religious." Laughter. Mr. Coglin— " On their what ?" Laughter.) He certainly could not understand that they had any more right to give evidence on honour than any one else. And after all, what did upon honour mean ? It was a public opinion, the opinion of their caste, and it was impossible for any one to differentiate between the one and the other. All these anomalies were swept away by reducing all to the same leveL Then the business of the Heal Property Act, which dealt with hundreds of thousands of pounds, was conducted with simply a statutory declaration. Of course the security for the truth was in the fact that the penalty was the same for a false declara tion as if the oath was administered. The effects of the oath were to deprave the moral character and to depress the truthfulness of the community. Be cause, in proporticn as the necessity of a person speaking the truth when on oath was brought into prominence, so was the necessity for a person to speak the truth when not on oath diminished. When a man in Court was reminded—as he often was—that he was on his oath, the implication was that if he were not on his oath the falsehood would be perfectly imma terial ; and the truthfulness it was sought to secure by means of the oath was altogether removed. He would refer to one passage in respect to that which summarized the view he bad suggested to the House on this subject. "We are convinced," said the Spectator, " that the effect of the administration of oaths in Parliament and elsewhere has been to depress the general level of truthfulness throughout the land. For every man oaths restrain from peijury thev temnt hundreds to make liffht nf truth for its own pake. Whatever little good they may do, there fore, is much more than counterbalanced by the evil." There was a singular commentary on this as to the uselessness of oaths and tho extraordinary success of the plan adopted by a Danish Magistrate in order to secure the truth, which he could not secure by means of the oath. It was said" Witnesses know quite well what is and what is not lying, ani are dreadfully afraid of a moderate but speedily in flicted punishment. A Danish Colonial Magistrate, for whose exceptional character and ability we can vouch, once made a grimly comic experiment in this. direction and upon this principle:—He was appalled by the endless perjuries committed in cases before him, determined to stop them, and did. He, of course, said nothing of his method, but an English friend, seated beside him on the Bench, noticed that whenever a witness told a palpable lie he jumped. He asked the reason, and the Magistrate after a caution revealed a secret:—'My orderly stands behind the witness, and whenever I put my left hand to my ear that indicates that the evidence is false—{laughter)—and he runs a pin into him.' It is a well known fact, as can be borne out by many who will recognise this story, that the "sting of conscience" in this material form proved effectual, and that the Magistrate, who died honoured throughout Denmark, in three years turned an Alsatia into one of the most orderly and law-abiding communities. He could always get the truth. (Laughter.) The device is not one to be imitated, trenching as it does too closely upon the domain of torture, but its success shows us the true law — that swift, moderate, and inevitable punishment will put down perjury." (Laughter.) Could there be a more striking instance than that of the uselessness of the oath as an oath, and,' as the writer said, of the efficacy of swift and moderate punishment for the doing away of false- speaking ? (Hear, hear, and laughter.) And, as the writer pointed out, in administering the oath and putting that into prominence as an incentive to truth-telling j the motives to veracity were being diminished. It I was quite enough to diminish the motives for veracity I by having penalties and public opinion, but they | were still fuither diminished when superstition or dread of eternal punishment were appealed to as a reason for truth-telling in particular instances. A man made a statement in the street; his companion seemed to doubt it, and he tben said, " I will take my oath to it," apparently thinking that the form of an oath was necessary in order to substantiate his veracity. The veracity inherent in the human breast was diminished by the oath being converted into a means of extracting the truth altogether independent of principle. He would read a letter from Mr. Bright, and although any one was atj liberty to take it subject to any qualifica tion from the position Mr. ^Bright occupied as a Quaker, it embodied truths to which he felt satisfied lion, members' minds would assent. Mr. Bright said—" On the question of oaths, probably there is nothing in the New Testament more especially con demned and lorbidden than oaths. To those who do not care about the New Testament this fact will be of no weight. The practice of swearing to the truth of anything makes two kinds of truth or truthfulness, if oaths are of any avail. But by so much as they make truth more certain, by so much they lessen the value of an ordinary statement and diminish the probability of its truth. If ignorant persons are not sworn they think they may tell lies with impunity, and their lying is made to a large extent blameless in their eyes. I think oaths and oath-taking have done more than any other thing to impair ana destroy a regard for the truth." Whenhon. members reflected that oaths were not confined to questions of life and untold property but were used indiscriminately—for the office boy or the bailiff went into Court to make oath as to service of subpoena—they would see that it was degrading to the Divine Being and degrading to ourselves and the administration of justice in our midst that such a stale of things should continue. It was the profanity this led to that he objected to. He would ask whether the religious influence was lading as an influence in our midst? Was it a waning influence ? Was the love of profanity on the increase in our midst? Was our feeling diminishing in respect to the things which were sacred ? He said they were not; and as they were not he asked in their name, in the name of the community, which was not retrograding in tbis respect, that this Bill should be allowed to yass. He was qnite aware that it might look like the breaking in upon an old habit; but if it was a good thing were we to be deterred from taking our part in pushing forward what we believed to be a beneficent reform ? (Hear, hear.) Were we to be kept back in this march towards the purity of per fect reverence ? It would not be the first time that South Australia had led the way in matters of material good and in questions of higher morality. We gave the world the benefit of the Heal Property Act, which was an inestimable boon. We also broke asunder the bonds and cast from us the cords of sacerdotalism and superstition in legalizing marriage with a deceased wife's sister. Did we wish to retrace our steps in these respects? And yet every one of the Bench of Bishops, or nearly every one, recently declared in the House of Peers in England, either by his vote or voice, that to make that law in England wliicb-was Uw here would altogether shatter the foundations of Christianity and give the sanction of religion to what they called an unbply tie. It was always bo. . It was necessary to crush', through prejudices, and'he was afraid, he might -add, ignorance exhi bited where least expected. Be believed the Bill he was now moving would pass this session, but it was as certain to pass soon as that Bill which was hounded down in many quarters and pursued with all sorts of odium—the Marriage with 11noccOnrl W1 fe'o Giotm K>111 Ta h*a« aa*Bh,h f a Deceased Wife's Sister BilL It was certain to paas. It could no more be stayed than the stars could be stayed in their course. He was satisfied it was not at our bidding, at least in this age, that the sun was to stand still or that the tide was to be kept from rolling in over the sands. He believed that in this as in other things the irresistible could not be resisted. If it was a question of time, time was on his side. What gave him more encouragement was that the religious forces were on bis side—(The Attorney General—" No")—the purity of religion was on his side; and the absence of pro fanity was on his side. And for these reasons ho most earnestly entreated hon. members not to reject a Bill which the highest morality and purest Christianity alike demanded should not be rejected. (Cheers.) On the motion of the ATTORNEY-GENERAL (Hon. J. W. Downer) the debate was adjourned lor a week. MABRIED WOMEN'S PROPERTY BILL. Second reading. The ATTORNEY-G ENERAL (Hon. J. W. Downer) in moving the second reading of this Bill said it was substantially the same measure as be had introduced in the previous session. He had then gone most elaborately into the previous law on the subject. He had explained the history of the legis lation in England, and the position of the law with respect to married women in the United States, in France, and other countries. In fact, he had laid before the House all the arguments that were known to him to recommend the Bill be submitted. When the Bill of iast session was under discussion there was a measure before the House of Commons of a similar character, and that was passed. He had not a copy of the Imperial Bill when he sub mitted our Bill of last session; but he framed what he conceived to be a similar measure, and he found afterwards that it was substantially the same as (hat which had now become law in England. As the Honse so thoroughly endorsed the views that be had addressed to them last session he did not think it necessary to travel over the same ground again; but he would point out that while the Bill of last session was greatly emasculated by the Legislative Council, the present measure had remained substantially intact. An attempt was made by one member of the Council to prevent any husband or wife making presents to each other, so that it wonid not only be illegal to leave property to a wife, but it would be an offence to give her a bracelet or adorn her finger with a ring. The Commissioner of Public Works protested against this clause, which was as follows " No married man shall convey, transfer, or give to his wife any real or personal pro perty ; and no married woman shall convey, trans fer, or give to her husband any real or personal pro perty. Any conveyance, transfer, or gift, made or executed in contravention of this section shall be void both at law and in equity." Where the end of this would have been it was very hard to foresee; it seemed to deprive the relations of hoBhand and wife of the tender amenities one might expect to flow from them, and one could Eee many of the difficulties hnt not all that would arise The Council insisted on retainine this clause, and it became the duty ol the Commissioner to protect the marriage relations by such means as suggested themselves to him. He proposed certain amendments and qualifica tions to the objectionable clause which at any rate deprived it to a large extent of qualities which might work prejudicially, and the following exceptions were made in respect of the provisions of the clause'" 1. The case of a conveyance, transfer, giit, or other assu rance by a husband or a wife in pursuance of a core nant entered into by mm or ber prior to bis or ber marriage and in consideration of marriage. 2. The case of a conveyance, transfer, gift, or other assu rance executed in pursuance of a decree or order of any Court of Law or Equity. 3. The case of a post nuptial settlement, in which property, either real or personal, is assigned or transferred to two or more trustees to be held in trust for a married woman, duly registered in the General Registry Office of the pros ince within fourteen days after the execution thereof. 4. The case of a gift by will by a husband to his wife, or by a wife to her husband, whether beneficially or upon trust, fi. The case of a gift by a husband to bis wife, or by a wife to her husband, of things or money necessary for maintenance or usual and proper for thv position in life by the 3\. The - •• • ■ parties. 6. The case of the . -suranee of the legal estate or interest by the husband to the wife, or the wife to the husband, where the party assuring is a mere trustee for the party assured, and the latter is entitled in Equity to call for a conveyance or assu rance. 7. The case of a wife and a husband being co-trustees, and a conveyance or release from one to the other being necessary or usual in dealing with the trust estate for the benefit of the beneficiaries. 8\. The case of the conveyance by husband to wife, or by wife to husband, of an estate or interest merely as trustee. 0. The case of the wife and the husband being so related by blood that one may be entitled, undtr a gift or conveyance by the other, under the general description of heir or next of kin." Re was sure that subdivision 5 would peculiarly re commend itself to hon. members as necessary, as otherwise it would prevent a man from maintaining his own wife. (Laughter.) They would also see the difficulties that had to be surmounted and the in genuity displayed by the draftsman in properly qualifying the section so as to prevent its working perniciously. He would ask the Rouse to agree to an additional subsection, as follows" The care of a gift, grant, or conveyance which is not fraudulent and void within the Statutes 13 Eliz., c. 6, or 27 Eliz., c. 4, relating to fraudulent gifts, grants, and conveyances." The object of the Bill was to give proper protection to married wcmen. We were much behind Imperial legislation in the condition of our laws on this subject, as, while they had been making what efforts they could to place the married women in a fairer position in regard to their property, and to protect their earnings from improvident husbands, we had allowed the law to Btand as before, making the wife's property that of her husband. He had previously called the attention of the House to the very unfortunate position of married women in the colony, and he saw no reason why they should not be placed in a position of equal advantage with those in Great Britain. This Bill gave the woman the settlement of all property which was hers on marriage, or might be acquired after marriage, by Act of Parliament. It disposed with the necessity of the execution of settlement, and gave an Act of Parliament settlement. It did not give her anything that did not belong to her, but gave ber the sole control of everything she could have by the strictest legal settlement, without the intervention of a guardian. The Imperial Bill placed the married woman, as far as property she had at ;the time of marriage or that acquired after marriage was concerned, in exactly the same position as a single woman, and she would have the right to give it to her husband or any one else. The Bill, as submitted to the Legislative Council, was a copy of the Imperial measure, but it now contained the provision in clause 3 to which he bad previously referred, and restricted the powers of man and wife to convey property to each other. So far as the new subdivision he proposed to insert was concerned, he thought that the p esent law sufficiently protected the public against fraud, and unless there was fraud in connection with a grant he did net see why it should not be made. He would remind hon. members that the Conncil had made a stand on clause 3, and he proposed to ask the House to agree to it, as they thought it expedient to accept the next best thing to that which they wanted. (Hear, hear.) He moved the second reading of the Bill. Mr. FURNER had mncb pleasure in supporting the Bill; but be wished to call attention to what he considered the gross unfairness of clause 4, which provided that if a wife lent money to' her huBband for bnsiness purposes, and the husband became insolvent, she could not clam a dividend as a creditor on account of such loan antil all other claims on the estate were satisfied. He objected to this provision, and he hoped the clause would be amended. The Attorney-General had pointed out that the object of the Bill was to place married women in the same position as single women, and he conld not under stand why a woman, if she bona-fide lent money to duwu nuj a. weiiuau, u cue uuua'uuo ipuu uivuq/ i<u her husband, should be in any worse position than other creditors in his estate. He knew it was 1 possible that a certain amount of fraud might he Eractised in connection with the transfer of property etween man and wife, hut this could be rectified by legislation, and he thought a loan by a wife to 1 her husband, or vice tersa, might be registered like a bill of sale, so that those concerned might know 1 exactly how matters stood. He thought the dis abilities under which married women had laboured f<.r a long time past in connection with the holding of property should be removed, and be cheerfully supported the Bill, with the exception of clause 4, Sir. JOBNEON looked upon the Bill as a very dangerous measure, and it seemed to him that man and wile, who were regarded at present as one, were to be made two separate parties in future. (Laughter.) The only safe way to act in business transactions would be to regard them as partners, and to render invoices to Mr. and Mrs. John and Mary Jones, instead of to Mr. John. Jones. (Laughter.) If the wife owned the money which was embarked in a business this should be dearly understood; the wife's name should appear as the owner of the business, and she should be looked to for all demands. He thought the Bill would lead to a great deal of squabbling between man and wife as to the ownership of property; that It would establish two beads of a business, and would reduce a man below his proper level as real the head of his busi ness. He could not regard the Bill favourably. - Mr. COGIJN was of opinion that the Bill would lead to endless litigation, and would be productive of a large amount of confusion, and that the principal benefit wonld be derived by the lawyers, for whom it would be a grand thing. On the motion of Mr. SYMON, the debate was adjourned till Tuesday next. NEW POLLING-PLACE. Mr. DIXSON, for Mr. Coles, moved— "That an address be presented to His Excellency the Governor praying him to issue a proclamation declaring Robertstown a polling-place for the Elec toral District of Light" He stated that the country about Bobertetown was being rapidly filled up, and the petition that was presented to the House was signed by more than forty electors who now had to travel from eight to thirteen miles to register their votes at Point PaBS. The ATTORNEY ■ GENERAL (Hon. J. W. Downer) said he wished to get more information from the Returning Officer, and he moved the adjournment of the debate. The debate was adjourned till Wednesday next. ADJOURNMENT. Tne Honse at twenty-seven minutes past 5 o'clock adjourned till next day at 2 p.m. 