. HOCJSE OF ASSEMBLY. \- Tuesday, Octobeb 16. The Sf£AK££ took the Chair at 2 o'clock. PETITIONS. Mr. CW3L1N presented a. petition from 80 resi- dents in Belton, praying that that township be de clared & polling-place, in the District of flinders ; also a petition from S3 residents in the township of Carrieton, prayirjg that better railway accommoda tion be given for the traffic which will be likely to flow to the railway at that point during; the forth coming season. Received and read. Mr. WHXNHAM presented a petition from 46 residents of Beachport praying' that the. House may pass legislation which will have the effect of affording better protection to the virtue of women and young girls. Received, r ? - FOBM OF AGRICULTURAL STATISTICS. Mr. HENNING asked— 'Do the Government ini tend when collecting the agricultural statistics for the current year to make a distinction between the produce, grown Inside. Goyder'a line of rainfall and that produced outside of it ; and also, will they pub' lisa the averages separately ?' ? ? The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon: J. -5. Stay) sald-I will speak to the Government Statist on the matter, and although I -will- nob make any absolute - promise, I do not think there will be any objection to the hon. member's suggestion being given effect to. ? ? ? . Mr. WARD— It will not be sufficient for the pur poses even of the hon. member if that distinction alone is drawn. What we want to know is the difference between the yield of the self-sown crops and of those which have been sown. I wonld lite to be told if the Chief Secretary will give the House an opportunity of dealing with these altera* tiona if it is thought desirable to carry them out. Ihe CHIEF SECBETABY (Hon. J. C. Bray) said— I will inform the House if it is proposed to alter the returns before the alteration is actually made. THE BANK OF NEW ZEALAND AND THE LOAN. Mr. JOHNSON asked— 'Is it true that the Bank of New Zealand has offered to take the whole of the loan money which has been offered to the Associated Banks at the Treasurer's own term3, and as much more as he will let them have V The TREASURER (Hon. L. Glyde) replied:— ' I heard five minutes ago something about this, but there is no foundation for the report. I know nothing of the matter.' ILLEGALLY CUTTING AND EXPORTING BABK. Mr. COGLIN asked— 'Is the Commissioner of Crown lands aware that there are men employed in stripping bark on the Crown lands, and that they are shipping it a.way without paying an export duty. If he is not, will he prevent such a state of things being continued?' The COMMISSIONER of CBOWN LANDS (Hon. A. Catt) replied :— ' I am not aware that men are stripping bark without a licence on Crown lands, but if tne hon. member will tell me where it is being done I will see that it is stopped.' ~~ RAILWAY STATION AT CABBIETON. Mr. GOGLIN asked — ' Is it the intention of the Government to erect a goods-shed and platform, with crane and passenger station, at Carrieton siding north, in the District of Flinders?' The CHIEF SECBETABY (Hon. J. C. Bray) replied:— 'It is not the intention of the Govern ment to erect a goods- shed and passenger station at Carrieton ; but as soon as the traffic warrants it a man will be placed in charge at the station.' COST OF IMMIGRATION. Mr. JOHNSON asked— 'What portion of the £40,000 now on the Estimates for immigration purposes has already been expended on persons who have arrived in the colony or who are on their way?' The CHIEF SECBETABY (Hon. J. C. Bray) replied :— ' Over £20,000 has been actually expended, and about £16,000 will be required to close accounts for ships arrived and on the .voyage. ' The balance will be required for land-order warrants. There are two ships on the water whlcli have not yet arrived/ THE ASSOCIATED BANKS, THE NEW LOAN, AND A NATIONAL BANK. Mr. SIOYLE asked the Treasurer — '1. Is it true that the Associated Banks have de clined to accept his proposals regarding the interest on the last loan? 2. Have the Government consittared the advisability of esta blishing a Government National Bank? 8. If not, will they do so? 4. What amount does he consider would have been saved to the country if a Government Bank had been in existence during the last ten years ?' The TREASURER (Hon. L. Glyde) replied :— ' 1. The Banks have declined the proposals of the Government with respect to the deposit of moneys in London, and no arrangement has yet been made. 2 and 3. The question of establishing a Government National Bans has been carefully considered, but the Governmen'. do not propose to introduce a BUI for the purpose. 4. It & impossible to answer this question as no reliable calculation can be made as to what amonnt would have been saved had % Govern ment Bank been established.' LOCAL COURT AT STREAKY BAY. Mr. COGLIN asked— 'Is it the intention of the Government to hold a Local Court at Streaky Bay. in accordance with the prayer of twenty resident petitioners?' The ATTOBNEY-GENEBAL (Hon. J. W. Downer) replied r— ' The Government are in communication with the Special Magistrate with a vie w of arranging for the establishment of a Local Court at Streaky Bay.' WATER IN HOPE TALLBY RESERVOIR. Mr. FCBNEB asked—' To what depth is it In tended to fill the Hope Valley Reservoir 7* The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. C. Bray} ' replied :— ' It is not intended that the depth should exceed 48 ft S in.' -, ' .. ., SURVEY OF RAILWAY FROM MOUNT GAMBIEE TO NARBACOOBTB. Mr. 'WHEfHAM asked—' If the Government see surveying a line of railway from Mount Gambler ta Narracoorte ; and if not, when do they intend doing so?' - ? '. ' The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. C. Bray) repliod :— Surveys were made sometime ago, and an Act of Parliament was passed to authorize the con struction of the railway., Of course some changea have been made since then, and the Government do not intend to proceed with that survey.. The formal reply js^ — 'Mr. Stewart, the Surveyor, will be sent about the end of this month to examine and report on the best route.' PAPERS. _ ? The TREASURER (Hon. L. Cflyde) laid on the table :— ?' . Return of the number of vessels which1 have entered Eingscote Harbour since May I last Northern Territory Customs returns for the quarter ending March. 31, 18S 3. ? The CBIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. C. Bray) laid on the table :— r ? StatistlcalBegister,lS82— Part V.tLawand Crime. Estimate of the cost of -renderinc Strathalbyn and Victor Harbour Tramway fit for the use of steam motors, -6c, as proposed in the amended Strathalbyn Tramway Bill. Report on iron rails at Pert Augusta. ? To be printed. ASSENT TO ACTS. A message was received from His Excellency the Governor, stating that he had assented to the Her gott Springs and Primrose SpringsBailway Act, and to the Totalizator Repeal Act WAYS AND MEANS.— THE TAXATION PBO POSALS. Consideration of report of Committee of Ways and Means. ThelBRAStRER(Hon.L. Glyde) said he found that several hon. members were anxious to have the resolutions recommitted, for the purpose of striking out the second proviso of clause B— (Hear, hear) — inasmuih as if it were carried as printed in the report it would be impossible to alter it when they considered the Bill, for to do that might be the means of increasing taxation. H they struck it out, howeTer, they would be able to deal with it when the Bill was in Committee, and alter it as they might think fit He would move, therefore— ' That the Bouse resolve itself into a Committee of Ways and Means for the purpose of reconsidering the proviso to dause B' The Hon J. COLTON said that so far as that side of the House waa concerned they had no objection to support the Government on this occasion in their proposal to strike out the proviso. All they desired was to help the Government to bring in their BOL Carried. In Committee of Ways and Means, . The TREASURES (Hon. L. Glyde) moved that the following proviso to clause B be struck out :— ' Provided also that in calculating the amount of duty payable by any person or Company hi respect of the annual gains or profits fronrland with improve ments thereon, there shall 'be deducted any sum that such parson oc Company shali be liable to pay in respect of such land' under schedule A.' Mr. KINGSTON recognised that the proviso hi ita present form was undesirable,' because it did not carry out the expressed intention of the House and rather set'off ' the income tax against the land tax. He thought, .however, that they might amend it by the insertion after the word 'deducted' the words 'from such gains or proBta,' and so render itin tellicible without abandoning all that had been done. - ? The CHAIRMAN— The clause cannot be amended as it has been recommitted for the purpose of strii ing the proviso ont The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. C. Bray) would point out that they had struck out all provisos which limited or decreased taxation in any way. Of course they intended to nave certain exemptions, but it wu the desire of the Committee that they should be inserted in the BUI alone. They had passed the highest tax which the House thought it desirable to imposs, and they retained power to in clude in the Bin any exemptions or remissions which would decrease the amount, because It must be under stood that the House would reduce the amount of taxation, but not increase it when the BUI was before it If this proviso were not struck out they might not be able to alter it because It might Increase taxation, and therefore it was de sirable that it should be included in the BUI only, and not passed by the Committee. Carried. The clause as amended was passed. The House resumed, the resolution was reported, and the consideration of the report was fixed: for next Thursday. CROWN LANDS BILL. Consideration of report of Committee o( whole House. The COMMISSIONEB of CBOWN LANDS (Hon. A. Catt) wished ta recommit clauses 8. 12, 17, and 19, in order to make necessary amendments, and in one case to strike out a clause that had been inserted in error. He would move that those dause3 be recommitted. The Hon. T. PLAYFOBD said they would want power to insert new clauses, because there was one that had to be inserted having reference to the punishment for breach of the Act. (The Commis sioner of Crown Lands— 'That will be dealt with in clause 19.')' There waa also another provision which ought to be included in the Bill, to give power to lease this land upon such other conditions con sistent wi(h the Bill as might be determined upon. There- were many minor details whish the Bill did not specify which ought to be included in the leases, and if Borne power was not given for it to be done, then the leases wonld have to be drawn np without those matters being included in them, as they would bave to be based upon the wording of the Act. The COMMISSIONEB of CBOWN LANDS (Hon. A. Catt) would move that clause 11 also be recommitted. ??????? / Mr. KINGSTON wanted the Bill recommitted in a broader way in order that he might take steps to abolish the auction system; All the evils which had arisen from farmers giving prices much in excess of the real value of the land were due to that system. He thought, therefore, that tho sooner tney did away with It, and introduced some rule by which they should fix the value of land according to ' classification, they . wonld be doing something which, would be for the benefit of the country. He assured the Commissioner that a number of' members of the House held the opinion he had ex pressed, and believed that the question was of sufficient importance to warrant a division being taken upon it. - ? . . Mr. BRIGHT hoped the Commissioner wonld not consent to have another discussion on this matter. (Hear, hear.) The hon. member would find' himself greatly in the minority, and he thought it was a reflection on the intelligence of the farmers to say that they were not able to judge what the land was worth to them. . Mr. COGLIN would oppose the abolition of tha auction system, which he regarded as affording the fairest and most equitable meara of disposing of the Crown lands. ? Mr. HENNTNG said he would have been inclined to support a motion for the abolition of tha auction , system if it had been brought forward earlier, .but he did not wish'to further aelay iIia Bill, which was being anxiously waited for. - There *as a universal outcry against the auction system, which was , con- demned at almost every' meeting of farmers, and hs waa surprised at the statement made by Mr. Bright as to the reflection on the intelligence of the fanners, as they had acknowledged that they had not fairly estimated the value oi the land In the first instance, but had paid more thau it waa Worth in many cases. He believed the tiroB would come when the auction system would be dond away with, and that it would be a good thing for the country in the way indicated ay flr. -Kingston. He wished to make some amendments in clause 15, and moved that that, also be reconsidered. ' Mr. HAINES thought it would be a good thing for the colony when all the lands were classified, as the weak part of our systems in- the jiast had been that the land had all been valued at the same amount. The land should be classified as worth £1, £2, or £3 per acre, or perhaps more, and the allotment should be decided by lot if the applicants were too numerous. Mr. SMITH thought there was no better system of classifying our lands than that of submitting them to public competition. The lot system had proved a failure, and if the land were to be classi fied as suggested a large number of valuators would have to be employed,|aiid consequently much expense wonld be incurred. The nastoral lands should also be submitted to public competition. (Hear, hear.) The AITOBNEY-GENEKAL (Hon. J. W. Downer) said if the public were not satisfied to buy at their own prices how would they feel if they had to buy at the Government prices? (Hear, hear.) No doubt people paid more thin the land waa worth oc casionally in the heat of the conflicting auction, but the farmers would not be satisfied if the Government arbitrarily fixed the price, and the Government would have the greatest difficulty in deciding pe tween the rival claimants. No party feeling waa created under the present system, although a little annoyance was caused to farmers who felt they had paid too much, while if the land were classified there would be a continual outcry to Parliament for reduction in the prices and against the distribu tion by the Government Mr. LANDSEER also thought the auction system was the true test, and as we were working under different circumstances from those under which we had worked in the past in connection with the terms upon which the land was selected there was very little fear of dummyism. The COMMISSIONEB of CROWN LANDS (Hon. A. Catt) said the Government would not agree ;to reconsider the question raised by Mr. BTingjiton at that stage, as they were anxious to get the Bill passed and sent to the Legislative Council as speedily as possible, and they felt that nothing waatq be gained by reopening the question, which had previously been discussed. He differed from Mr. Henning as to the feeling of the farmers on the subject, and liad come to the conclusion from tho reports of farmers' meetings that they were not in favour of abolishing the auction system, although now and again meetings had declared against it. He had no objection to clause 15 being reconsidered. He pointed out that clause 19 would meet the viev?3 of the Hon. Mr. Playford. The motion was amended so as to include clause 16 and carried. In Committee. Clause 3. Holders of land under agreement of sale on credit may apply for new agreement. ? Mr. COLES moved to strike out ' under the con dition of personal residence' in the first line, with a view of allowing those who held land under the substituted-residence condition to come under the Bill without being compelled to personally reside upon the land. The majority of those who selected under substituted residence held the worst land in the country, ? and every inducement should be given . to them to carry out their agreements. Ihe clause previously proposed by Mr. Kounsevell provided that persons holding land under substituted residence might apply to surrender their agreements and hold thuir land under personal residence ; but some persons held land under personal residence in one place and other land some distance away under substituted residence, and they could not take advantage of the Act as regarded the land held under the substituted residence as they could not reside on both selections. The COMMISSIONEB of CBOWN LANDS (Hon. A. Catt) asked the Committee not to agree to the amendment. (Hear, hear.) It was provided in clause 4 that any person holding land under the substituted residence conditions might surrender his agreement and obtain a personal residence agree ment, and this was intended to meet the case of those who bad held laid under the . substituted residence condition, but had complied with the personal-residence condition and had a claim to be placed on the same footing as personal residents. In the case described by Mr. Coles the selector could take advantage of tne Bill, as the Government only required that he should reside on one selec tion. He thought it would be scarcely fab to place all substituted residents in the same position as personal residents, who were the people the Go vernment wished to encourage. (Hear, bear.) Mr. WABD said the amendment proposed by Mr. Coles would not place substituted residents in tbe same advantageous position as personal residents. The substituted residents had been entirely shut out from the competition with the personal resi dents, and had undoubtedly obtained the worst country. They required- concessions in as equal degree because of the inferiority of the country they occupied. Clause 4 waa an improvement, but; did not meet tha case altogetijsr, a» a substituted resident could not come under dauao 4 unless he was prepared to reside nponhis selection: There were many . substituted residents who bad done good service to the country in taking np land that wonld otherwise not have been occupied. Theseconld not reside upon their land, which was of an inferior description, and it waa only fair that the Act should apply to those who held inferior land under substi tufeo-residenoe att well as to those who held lantT under personal-residence conditions. - ' Mr. BOUNSEVELL thought the matter had been fairly, pot by Mr. Ward, and that it was only a simple act of justice to grant the same concessions to those who had taken np inferior land under substituted-residence- conditions as to those who held land under personal residence. He wonld point out that in addition to occupying Ianu that would not otherwise have been culti vated the substituted residents had provad of great assistance to the personal residents by giving them employment and in other ways. The Hon. T. PLAYFQBD did not know whether hon. members had read a work by Wallace on 'Occupying Ownership,' but tnat was a point which was attracting attention in England, and the idea looked like being realized in the future —the idea that only those -were to have the land who occupied it. We started fairly enough in this country by saying H»t those who pot the land should reside upon It, bnt sub stituted residence was allowed under certain con ditions, owing to an agitation from people willing to become speculators in the land. He denied that those individuals got inferior land. It sometimes happened that when a new hundred was opened those who were willing to occupy were not in the market, and others came in utiSpt substituted re sidence, and in some Instances got the bert of the country. (Hear, hear.) They took it np as a speculation, believing thai they would be able to sell it at a profit in the future. A distinction tnd bees made in the past between these men and the occupiers, and there should be a distinction in the future. It was provided in clause 4 of this Bill that men who took up land tinder substituted residence, but not for speculation, could take it under occupjing ownership. If they would not come under that clause tho House was justified in ta\ ing it was a great deal better for the land to be idle until there were people willing to occupy it than granted to people who would take it for specu lation. He maintained that the position of the Government was perfectly correct. (Hear, hear.) Mr. BOUNSEVELL said the contention of Mr. Playford would be ajust one if there were no con ditions of residence in substituted-residence selec tions, and no conditions es to fencing and cultivation. He rraintained that the principle laid down by the hon. member of allowing the land to remain unoccu pied till people could be imported to occupy it waa not a correct one, but the sooner tha land was made reproductive the better for the country: ' He hoped the House would agree to the amendment ot Mr. Coles, ? ' ; ; _ ? ? . . . Mr. KINGSTON thought the man selecting under aubfltituiedrendence had enough: disadvantage to put np with inthe first instance, and he was as much ; entitled to relief as. the man who comnliod with per sonal residence. It bad been said tho substituted resident was & speculator, bat he would point oat on the other hand that gross frauds had wen perpe trated on transfers of agreements of personal resi dents, and he would like to: know what proportion of those who had completed .their purchase now resided on the land. Had not a great many parted with their selections to, the squatter ? He certainly thought there should bo no distinction mado be tween those taking up land under substituted resi dence and those under personal ; residence, and the way to treat them both was to refuse them this relief, as they could get on without it. It seemed monstrous that,' after tne House had spent six weeks in at tempting to moke up the deficiency In the revenue, and after all had only made up- £100,000, hon. members should, in the most offhand mannor— for tbat was what they did in this Bill-throw away three-quarters of a million ot public mone'. (Mr. TomBnson— 'Hear, hear.') He thought the Government should consider the advisability of striking out the clause. There were a few cases of real diiitress, but the farmers should take the bad seasons with the good, and should not be constantly asking for relief . Mr. HENNING said the House waa bound to draw a distinction between the personal and substi tuted residents. (Hear, hear.) The principal ob ject in passing a liberal Land Bill was to settle nle on the land, and if people chose to invest in under jnbsUtuted residence it was at their own risk, And they bad io right to concessions. A large quantity of land within ten or twenty miles of the city, ana which must, be very valuable in the course of a few years, although it waa not of the best quality of soil, was bow held under substituted residence ; and surely these wealthy men who held the land for speculation should not participate in the concessions given to the selectors, on whose, account we were now taxing ourselves, . Mr. COGLIN said an hon. member, in a professional scientific way, had said the loss to the State would be very great if the amendment were carried ; but be would like to know what losses the Government would sustain by granting concessions to substituted residents. He certainly could not see how the country wouIdsuSerif he had (say) 1,000 acres in the North, and put an overseer on the land ; and be wonld also point out (bat under clause l the men wbo had taken up land under substituted residence had to reside on the land if they came under this Bill. The COMMISSIONEB of CBOWN LANDS (Hon. A. Catt) would point out to the hon. member that he would be in a oetter position to put an over seer on a piece of land, and obtain the fee- simple, if -the amendment were not carried than he would be, if it . were .carried. .Our present legislation provided that a man could put an overseer on 1,000 acres' held under 'substituted residence, . and at tbe end of six years he obtained the fee simple. If the amendment were carried he would have to hold the land for ten years instead of six, andlthat would be a material difference. There - was no doubt that a large number of substituted residents would not avail themselves of the Bill if the. amendment were carried, for they had held the land for two and five years, and would - avail themselves Of the right of purchase to the end of the six years. . The Government had provided for needy pien holding land under substituted residencer and they should not provide for the others. Mr. Kingston had spoken as to-the general principles of the Bill, but he was sure the hon. member would alter his opinion If he remembered whit the aver age yield had been for the last two or. three years. (Hear, bear.) -And .although, we expected a good harvest; it .was- too early to speak /positively in regard to it. (Hear,' hear.) Personally he thought itwouldbeveTygoodinsomepaxts,andacomparatiye failure in others, and that the average would not be as Rood as seme thought (Hear, hear.) The House had always made a difference : between the personal - and substituted residents; and had provided that personal residents might complete purchase in five ? years, and substituted residents not till six years. (Mr. Co'glin— '! How much loss wiU be sustained F) He was not in a position to say. The proportion of substituted residents to personal was about one to seven aa far as the average was concerned. He did not know how many substituted residents would be prepared to come under the personal-residence con dition, and therefoie .be could not answer the question. ? ? : ? - Mr. COLES said that last year Mr. Kingston was one of the strongest advocates for liberaliz ing the: land laws, and the one above all others who amended one clause of the Bill that allowed following to be part of the improvements, and he should think he - would be the last man inthe House to onpose this amendment. The House was' going- to. grant concessions to those holding lana under personal residence, and they should grant the same concession to those who held inferior land under substituted residence. Mr. Playford was. decidedly Incorrect when he said that some of the best land, was held under substituted residence. . Nine-tenths of tbe land held nnder substi tuted residence was the inferior land of the colony ; and the records of the Lanu Office would show that the substituted-residence clauses had been most Strictly and carefully carried out. Mr. Playford had further said that it would be better to have land idle than that it should be taken up nnder the substituted-residence clauses. But it must be borne in mind that the land was occupied aa well as .that held under personal esidence, though not by the owner. If his amendment were agreed to the House would still be doing all it could to settle the land, aa some onb (though not the' owner) must reside on the selec tion for an additional ten years. Mr. BRIGHT said there was more in the amend ment than appeared on the surface. Seeing tbe lesson which had been taught by the concessions of last session, he did not think the House would be justified in allowing these substituted-residence selectors to get the privileges now sought to be given them. If that were done it would mean another wholesale loss of revenue. (Mr. Coles—' Not neces sarily.') Perhaps not necessarily; but he had no doubt that would be the result Clause i really met the justice of the case, as It provided that any person holding land undtr substituted residence who had fulfilled all the conditions of hi3 agreement could surrender and come under the personal-residence conditions. He considered that was all that was necessary. Mr. KINGSTON said Mr. Coles had charged him with inconsistency on this land question. The fact was he had always spoken in favour of liberalizing the land law? ; but at the same time.he had strenu ously opposed the breaking of contracts and the giving of the ccn;essions which were made last year, and which had resulted in such a loss to the colony. He believed a wrong step had been taken then, and he did not intend to go further in the wrong course by supporting the concession now asked for by Mr. Coles. He would vote against the amendment' ? The amendment was put and declared negatived. Mr. COLES called for a division :— : Ayes, 20— The Chief Secretary, the Attorney General, the Treasurer, the Minister of Education, the Hon. J. Cdlton, the Hon. T. Playford, Messrs. Atkinson, Bagster, Basedow, Bower, Bright, Haines, Johnson, Kingston, Landseer, Moyle, New land, Smith, Tomkinson, and the Commissioner of Crown Lands (teller). Noes, 9— Messrs. Bucknall, Coglin, H. E. Downer, Hardy, King, Mattinson, Bounsevell, Whinham, and Coles (teller). Majority of 11 for the Ayes. The amendment was negatived. The clause passed as printed. Clause 11. Tenant to fence and reside. The COMMISSIONER of CBOWN -LANDS (Hon. A. Catt) moved. to add the words— 'Every . lease granted under this or any other clause of this Act shall contain such other covenants by the lessee, and such other terms and conditions consistent with the terms of this Act, as the Government may think fit to impose.' This was in order to meet the suggestion made by the Hon. T. Playford. Mr. COGLIN asked if the Attorney-General or the Chief Secretary had perused the amendment before it was concocted and handed to the Chair man. The CHIEF SECBETABY (Hon. J. C. Bray) said he had perused it, and felt thoroughly satisfied with it. The amendment was agreed to, and the clause passed as amended. Clause 12 was struck out oh the motion of the COMMISSIONEB of CBOWN LANDS (Hon. A. Catt), who said that clause 11 rendered it needless. Clause 15. Crown lands within boundaries in schedule to be classified and offered at auction at rental to be fixed by the Commissioner. Mr. HENNING moved to strikeout 'three' and insert 'five' before 'thousand acres' in the seventh line, that total representing the maxi mum area which could be taken up nnder toe clause. He said that since speaking on this subject he had received several letters from first class men in bis district, bomvfide farmers whom it would be a national loss to lose, ard they had con finned his opinion (as had also the Hon.T. Play ford) thas on this coasty and heathy land 5,000 acres would be aa small an area as could be profitably occupied. This inferior country would not carry more thaD one sheep to every ten acrea, and 800 was certainly & small enough number of sheep for one man to have. His friends had suggested tbat the area 'should 'be made large enough to carry 2,000 sheep, but he knew it was useless trying for this. He could assure hon. members that his object was to help the Government to retain on the .land those wh&se; settlement on it would be a gain to tbe colony. ?'.?-? . Mr. COGLIK agreed with Mr. Henning as to the 'quality df this land in the South-East, and thought ho deserved well of Ms constituents for bis fade f atlgable zeal in their behalf. ' He would support \- the amendment, as be felt that if we wanted to keep good men oh the land we most give them an area on which they could get a good linng, The COMMISSIONEB of CBOWN LANDS (Hob. A. Catt) regretted that he would have to oppose the amendment' ' He did ' so in 'the interests - of. . the -still, larger .body of. (electors in the South-Bast.' Their common age would be taken away, and. it was desirable tney should bo able to get a block of 3,000, acres on which to keep their .small stock of sheep and cattle ; whereas if the area were increased to 5,000 acres tha number of available blocks would be limited, and many of the smaller men would get . nothing at all. He bad no doubt tbat Mr. Henning had received the letters of which he had spoken,1 but he wonld remind the House that there had been no meeting held in the district to express an adverse opinion respecting the area, provided in the Bill. The amendment was negatived, and the clause passed as printed. Clause 17. Lands to be improved br public drain age works may be leased Jor seven yeaw, with right of renewal. . The COMMISSIONEB of CROWN LANDS (Hon. A. Catt) moved to add the words 'three- fourths of the value thereof after 'improvements' in Ike S on page 6. This was to protect the Inte rests of the Government in tbe event of the outgoing tenant not taking a renewal of the lease.' If the whole of the value of the improvements ware charged to the incoming tenant it would be placing the outgoing tenant in such a position of advantage tbat the Government would often be the loser, through the want of co&petitifcn.; The House bad struck out the right of renewal with reference to the fourteen years' leases, therefore he did not pro pose any alteration there, &3 be thought that after fourteen years' possession a man was fairly entitled to the value of his improvements. But in clauses 11 and 17, where there were riphts of renewal in tha one case for twenty-one years and in the other for seven years, the Government ought to be protected to the extent of one-fourth the value of the improve ments. Mr. COGLIN could not see the justification for the Government keeping one-fourth of the ontgoing tenants' monev. The COMMISSIONEB of CBOWN LANDS (Hon. A. Catt) said the Government did not keep sny of tbe tenants' money. What the iatomlng tenant paid for improvements the outgoing tenant received in full ; but the one- fourth was taken of!, or else the outgoing tenant Would have the matter entirely in his own bands. The amendment was agreed to, and the clause passed aa amended. Clause 19. 'Penalty for holding land ta excess. Ihe Hon. T. PLAYKOBD moved to strike outlhe latter tart oi this clause from line 21 with avlewto Inserting th» amendment of which he hadgiven notice.- Hon.- members would recollect th.« hs said. some time ago that. unless dummylsni -were mads a criminal offence, punishable by imprison PS11?* he»i^w,n?chance of Its being stopped. To forfeit the interest paid and MLhe value of tie improvements was really nor punishment , to those rich .men who went .in- for dummyism. It was no punishment to rich men simply to fine them, and hjeontended that the clause the Govern Bent had introduced, which allowed the imposition of a tS!i .'wo^-y odgtog from past experience, have vary little- effect, because the men would risk the fine ; bnt they certainly wonld look upon a week's or a month's imprisonment as a very great punishment He would propose, therefore, to strike- out all the words after 'punishable' down to ' flre years' with it view of Inserting in their stead the words 'and shall be liable on conviction thereof to be im prisoned with or without card labour for any term not exceeding ten years without the option oi a fine.' The Judge could make tha term of imprison ment to be only until the rising of the Court, or for a week or a month, and it would only be in very press cases that 'the -full term of imprisonment would be imposed. To bis mind this was tbe only effectual remedy for tbo committal of an offence which ought to bejrat & stop to. '.- The ATTOBNEY-GENEBAL (Hon. J. W. Downer) said that the Government had carefully, considered this matter, and they did not want to make tha punishment for dummyism so dispropor tionate that the law would not have any effect It' waa well known that where laws were made too , highly rigorous they practically were; rendered a nullity, because people. would notproseeute under them or the Juries would not convict. Domniyum was an act which was cpt in a certain sense bad In itself, but,. ?which was only an offence against the law, ' and it should not be dealt with in a similar way to acta which were bad in themselves, such as stealing ot murder. It was necessary to have a sufficiently heavy paniJb ment tor a breach of this Act, and so it was with, the Custom!) laws, but for the first offence - under this measure to make a man a misdemeanant liable to ten years' imprisonment' would be' to punish him in a manner which was altogether dis proportionate to the nature of the offence he had com mitted, while it also gave the Judge too large a db cretionary power. It should be remembered that any man who broke this Act would be treated in tbe same way as an ordinal y criminal. He would be brought before a Magistrate, he would be com mitted for trial, forced to plead, and lie tried before a Jury; but the punishment in the first instance would stop short of imprisonment, arid would mean the imposition of a fine of £500. But, said the hon. member, 'the persons who committed the crime were, as a rule, in such a good position that a fine ; would be no punkhment to them,' and in' answer to tbat he, would say that the moral degradation which would attend their being prosecuted in a manner exactly similar to that m. which -au ordinary criminal wrs punishod would be an immense ' punishment even if ? there were no conviction. ' He ' was certain that if 'they made the law more stringent they ^ould find that the experience of the past would be repeated^that.although the commis-. sion of the crime laicht increase there would not bo a proportionate number of convictions and prosocu tlons owing to people '.refusing to convict because of the rigorous nature of the law. : They did' nol want the law to become' a' dead- letter, and so he would ask the House to pass the clause a3 it stood. Mr. HARDY, would endorse the.arguments of the Attorney-General, and would point out that in the past it had been almost impossible to convict a man of offences for which he 'oupht to have been punished in a moderate decree because of the dis proportionate nature .of the' punishment be would have to undergo if he were convicted. He was certain that if the hon; member carried . his amend ment he would defeat the object he bad in view by rendering the' law so, Strict that it .'would boalmest;' impossible to dbtain a !convicf ion. , : Sir. COqLIN would not venture to advise tho Hon. Mr.- Playford' on this matter, but he would divide the Hofiss against his proposal. The,hon.:member wished to deal top. severely with men who wopld be quite: sufficiently punished, for dummyism if the clause were tostandasatpresentintheBilL The Attorney-General properly,- and legkjly, and in. a political nnd Parliamentary manrier,.'haa sought to induce the boh, member to withdraw hi9 amend-, meat, and lie hoped he would do so. ' He kad- eat for _yeart opposite, the; hbn- Member and , he was aware of his tactics, bis nature, and Us capabilities, but if he wishsd to. deal witn men in- tnat drastic way he would never have a vote of his again. ? Mr. KINGSTON said they had tried for years past to put down ('ummyism but theyhad failed in their object, and when he saw such sympathy with . those who committed, the offence be could quite understand bow it was that they had not been, successful in their attempts. It was all very well to , make the crime a misdemeanour, but in previous Acts theyhad called it a fraud, and yet the offence had still been carried on. They had not been suc cessful in their measures dealing with this, matter in the., past, and the Hon. Mr. Playford. was entitled to their, heartiest sympathy for having token the steps he bad taken. . (Mr. Coglin— 'No.') There was no , doubt that there was a feeling that the. Government was fair game for plunder, but it was time' thpt that feel irjc was destroyed; ' When a person' com mitted a fraud against, a single individual they called it a felony, and be had - to go to the Stockade, J~ and he did not ,-see why another principle should be applied where a man swindled the public generally. If this was a banging matter then- the arguments of the Attorney-General and Mr. Hardy might have application, but the punishment might be simply imprisonment till the rising of the Court, or in gross rases a longer term extending up to the limit of ten years. ? He would point out that as a rule Jurie3 did not know anything about the result of the con viction, and even if they did that did not deter them from doing their duties. He would support the amendment. The Hon. T. PLAYFOBD said this legislation was unique in our history. He would state a case as effecting the South-East. There they were able to let men .take up blocks of 3,000 acres, the only condi tions being residence, or in the case of those who had adjoining selections or holdings, no residence at all. All a man would have to do to avoid the law would be to get his boundary-vider to bid for the lease, and pve him money to pay for the fencing, and then he could let his flocks run over the land as part of his estate. The effect of this would be that the selector iD the neighbourhood who wanted some grazing land would be debarredfrom getting theland, owing to the people who would bid in the interests of the richer man. He asked all hon. members who thought that the laws of the colony should beobeyed to assist him in. making the penalty so severe as to deter these Targe property-holders from breaking the law, to place them completely at the mercy of their dummies, and to impose a penalty which they would not risk. He did not want a long term of imprisonment, and would be willing to reduce the term to one year; but he felt so convinced that imprisonment was the only cure that he would test the feeling of the House on the question; The South-East was the hotbed of dummyism ; and he knew a man who had paid as much aa £2,000 deposit'-money on dummied land which was forfeited in nine months. He understood that the same sqit of thing was being done by the same people now. ' He did not think the effect of the amendment on Juries would be what bad been described. .Mr. HENNING said that when the leasing clauses were nnder consideration he had pointed out that they would tend to increase dummyism, and had appealed in vain to the Hon. Mr, Playiord to support him in lessening the inducement Now the hon. member saw the evil, and was proposing what hs thought would be a remedy ; but he would ask why the hon. member, with his pretended knowledge of dummyism in the South-East, had not sought to alter the punishment for the offence when he was in office? He would point out that there was no fine under the present Act, which only provided for forfeiture of the land and the money paid on it ; but the Government proposed something very dif ferent, which he thought would be quite sufficient to meet the case. If the clause were made tbo stringent it would be difficult to get a conviction, as tbe general public did not look upon dummyism as an offence that should be punishable by imprisonment. Supposing the amendment proposed were carried it would really be a dead letter, as there was no land in the South-East worth dummying besides that which had already been dummied or selected, and tbe selectors who completed purchase would offer sufficient scope for the large landholders. The Hon. J. COLTON said it waa agreed that tboso who dummied the kind did a wrong to the State, and he thought they should be punished to a greater extent than they bad been. He was glad the matter haa been brought forward, but he thought that the Government proposal would go sufficiently far, and that the Eon. Mr. Playford intended- to go to too great a length. He, however, thought there ahould be a minimum fine fixed, and he proposed to insert after ' £500,' the words'nor less than £100,' in order to avoid a nominal fine only being inflicted. ' Mr. TOMKINSON thonght the amendment pro posed by the Hob. Mr. Playford was the result of tbe very strong feeling which he entertained against the squatters. This detracted greatly from his use fulness as a public man, as be should be devoid as far as possible from prejudice against any class. The hon. i member would place those who were guilt? ot dnmiuying on tbe same footing as the most atrocious criminals, such as bnrglarc and others, and. tho idea of doing this: was. repugnant to him, owing to tbe great difference between the oBences committed. He thought the punishment the Govern ment proposed would be quite sufficient, and that it wonld not be well to make the penalty too severe. Mr. HENNING explained tbat when he referred to the pretended knowledge. ot dummyiam in ? the South-East possessed by. the Hon. T Playford, he meant that there were many cases in which he believed dummyism existed, and respecting which he (Mr. Henning) had arrived at a different conclu sion, He did not intend to be offensive to the hon. member. ? (Hear, bear.) . : Mr.- SYMON said Mr.1 Tomkinson : seemed to regard dummyism as not tainted with the element ofcriminaBty, but as requiring to be dealt with gingerly; -bht he would point. out that dnmmylsra was. a conspiracy, and -absolutely criminal, as two personyput their beads together for the purpose of. carrying out nefarious designs against the State. He was rather indued to go against the Govern ment and tha amendment, because where dummy iam took place it waa generally carried on on a large scale, owing to the land in the same district being all offered at the same time. Supposing a man dummied a number of selections at one time, it would De most unjust to call this a first offence, and Danish it as such, placing him in the same position jU ft, man who simply dummied one selection. At' the present time very.- severe pecuniary penalties were imposed, and he felt sure that if the losses which had to be incurred at present would not deter people from dummy ing no fine would have that effect. (Hear, hear.) Wbata man would look at waa not that it was called a misdemeanour, for it was a misdemeanour at the present time; and he was not sure it would not be proper to prosecute under the present law for conspiracy. But a fine of £500 would not prevent durnmyism, aa it was notprevented now by the sacrifice of thousands. (Hear, bear.) The evil could only be grappled with by some such method as that suggested by the Hon. Mi. Playford ; but there would be very considerable difficulty in securing a conviction nnder a clause like this, and it would be more, difficult to detect dummyism in an ordinary case in the Court than at the present time, when the Commissioner of Crown Lands was absolute judge as to whether there was dummyism or not. He would be disposed to go with the lion, member if he would reduce the maximum imprisonment to two yeais. That was the punishment for any misdemeanour with respect to which no special punishment had been set apart. He would however, ask the hon. member whether the provision was neededatall? ? ? ? ,. ... Mr. SMITH said he would support the claose, with the amendment of the Hon. Mr. Colton, fixing tue minimum of the fine at £100, and with *'-£*-* amendment he would movejlxine the »«itam? imprisonment at one year. No doubt the i Com missioner of Crown Lands Imd great power to deal with such cases ; but this clause would give mm a Sweri^STforfeitare. which was not sufficient. It wsa with feelings of regret he had heard hon. 'eB^»tU« jSWying the actions of men do fraudicg the Crown. (Hear, hear.) One hoa. member had said it was the aim and wish oil most men to get land by any means, fair or foul.' Thrt ' was . & very senous charge— (Hear, hear)-sn4 he thought no punishment would ba too sever* for sucn an offence. Certainly no man had ' aver .' administered the land laws better than' the Hon. Mr. Playford, and it was, no doubt, because he bid : noticed the evasions of ' the Uw in the* direction of dummyism thai he pro-' ? posed tins amendment, which was somewhat too stringent. He thought the medium coarse he bad indicated would be sufficient .-.-.,.?-.? . Tbe COMMISSIONEB of CBOWN 'lANDST [Hon. A. Catt) said he was prepared to accept ' the proposed amendments of the Hoc Mr. Cotton and Mr. Smith--Hear, hear)— ea it mould -not materially alter the position of the Gorornmeat. Ha admitted that what had been said in re- ' ' ference to one man getting large blocks of fasti ' which had been put np was correct as regarded two ? casts. In this BUI, however, they had to fear Beta' ' of much smaller means Irving to absorb two' or !?r?sJILore...lease3 than tbey ought: and * flns ' of £«» .besides having thair land forfeited would be a material object to them. He did net think it wm necesKiry to make Uio clause as ^trinf-ent u tho ' Hon. Mr. Playford suggested. Ho did not believe it ' woula be worth while to dummy much country as this second-class land under the BUI; and asfai aa : ' the credit agreements were concerned than wa« provision now to forfeit the agreement and proseonui ? for perjury. ? ( i, Mr. KINGSTON said he was sorry to hear Mr ? Tomkinson speak in such lenient terms of ' dummyum. bid the hon. member know that dummsism involved conspiracy, probably false pro-- ' tences— because people pretended they were entitled - to the benefit. of tne Act when tney, were not entitled to it— perjury on the part of the dummy, ' ? and subornation of perjury 'onthe part of the nuui : who got the dummy ? Tha fact was they were apt to look at the person in connection with the punish xnent.; Jf ? dummyism were done by ordinary : persons they would say away with them, but because it was dpna by those in the higher walks of life and did not involve any brutality, such ' . as other mMemanoura involved, the hon. member asked the House to taie a lenient view ol the matter. To leive tha clausa as suggested. by th'e Commissioner of Crown Lands would not accom plish anything. The man would stand a chance - ? of being can^ht- once and of escaping' with' ? a fine, and there should ba such a punish Dent . provided as would act as a deterrent altogether. It bad been said that tho BqtmtterwM -. involved in dummyism to a groat eitont Now the squatter was protected; for the -malicious kfning- : ot a sheep was looked upon as a felony', and It was ' ' possible to send the sheep-killer to prison for foor' ?-. years. Be was sure the Hon. Mr. Playford would ? be satisfied with an equally stringent' provision -' against the squatter who was guilty of the offence' ': ofdammyiisin. All the efforts that had been Grade ' to protect the public against this dommyism had ? ? been futile ; and it would be well to adopt the sug gestion of the Hon. Mr. Playford, who hadsomr - ? practical knowledge of the matter. :: ?- ' ?- 'V Ihe. Hon. T. PLAYFOSD said hon. members' -1 were making a mistake in attributing dummyism to ' squatters,- for it wa3 not really the squatters who' ' , dummied. Mr. Tomkinson had suggested that « squatter was to him something like a red rag wai to' -. . amill ,- but be bad not thought of the squatters in ,- ? the matter. .Those who dummied were the owners' ?':'., of adjoining Iease3 as a rule; they might lncl-,J ', dentally be. pastoral lessees. - -He '- thought1 ? Mr. Symon had shown this £500 peaalt/' '; would . do no good at all, because^, under1/ ' tha present system the people who dummied lost ? - _ . thousands. Hon. members nad been arguing the point as if it applied to all selectors and' all cuisses' ' of agreements, as well as. leasing.' ? The clause only applied to certain leasing under this Bill ; it did not ? ' ; apply to any of the ordinary dummies, but waa onljrj ???? A provision to prevent dummyinc -under these p&f-; ticulari leases which, as. had -been pointed- out,' ' would be open' to dummying more than any. agrea---! ? meat of selectors np to this time in force. He.qaito ; ? ? believed that a fine wonld not act a3 a deterrent ' at vi ; all., ? ; ? : ? ?-.....-??. ? : ?'.-:' Mr. KINGSTON .would, like to ask, astbs Holt -' Mr. Playford had pointed out that this' elaiisa,' ' applied -to 'dunnnyinK under this Bill only, wtaethsr , . ' ; .the.prssent legislation on the subject was sufficient ? . to put down dummying in other cases 7 ?'??' -:'j:( v ? The COMMISSIONEB of CEO WN LANDS' -.'? (Hon. A. Catt) said that ^until the cases no* nnder ' ? ? ;? consideration in the Supreme Court were settled ha could not give an answer on that point- - '?'''.'', ' , Mr. COGLIN would like to know why the Hon. ?' Mr. Playford did not Introduce a Bin with similar' ? clauses : to .these when ha- was on the Treasury benches. CThoHon. T. Playford-' It is a new Bui ' with a nevrsyEtem of leasing.') ??- - - -. -: ' .'l ' The amendment was put and declared fieeatWeiL ' The Hon.,T. PLAYF0ED called for a dirlsiori :-*?' : ? Ates,- l&— The Chief- Secretary, the Attorney'' , General, the Treasurer, tha Minister of Education,- ?' :;: Messrs. Atkinson, Bagster Bower, Coglin, H. B. ' Downer; Hardy;. Henning-, Landseer, ? Newland, - ? Bounsevell, Smith, Tomkinson, Whinham, and th4 ' Commiv inner of. Crown Lands (teller). ? ? ? ? Noes, 6— Messrs. King, Kingston, Mattinson, ? Mortlock, Symon; and Hon. T. Playford (teller). Majority of 12 for the Ayes. . '.?'!' Tbe amendment waa ne(ratived.: ?'??'''', The COMMISSIONEB of CSOWN LANDS,' v (Hon. A. Catt)moved to insert after £500 in the Mttt'..'; line, ' nor Ie33 than £100.' ? ? ' ? , - ? Carried. ? : Mr. SYMON moved to insert after 'second' in the 25th line, ' and every subsequent' ' ', Carried. ? ? ? . ? . . ? ? The COMMISSIONER of CEOWN LANDS (Hon. A. Catt) moved after 'years' in the 26th line to insert ' nor less than one yeai.' '. , Mr. TOMKINSON would oppose the amendment,' as he held very strongly that the length of the sen- . tence should be left to the discretion of the Judge. Mr, KINGSTON said the hon. member who had just sat kdown had remarked incidentally that this crime of dummyism TO3 not as bad as horse stealing.- Now, he held that it was stealing the binds of the Cr..wn, and that it ought to ba punished, with hard labour. He asked the Com missioner of Crown Lands if he had any objection to add the word3 ' with hard labour.' The COMMISSIONEB of CBOWN LANDS (Hon. A. Catt) said the Chief Secretary had informed him that the sentence of one to five years' imprisftn ment carried hard labour with it. ? Mr. KINGSTON would be glad to be informed as to whence the Chief Secretary got his views of the law on this point. TUe CHIEF SECBETABY (Hon. J. C. Bray) said the Criminal Law Consolidation Act provided that in all cases not specially provided f or tha Judge could give the sentence with or without hard labour. The question of hard labour depended on the sentence. Beyond the year it carried hard labour with it. Mr. SYMON agreed with Mr. Tomkinson that it was monstrous to make it imperative on the Judge to sentence a man to a year's imprisonment when the offence was only a misdemeanour, and might have been committed through a mistake ; while, oa tho other haud, conspiracies to defraud and other misdemeanours were punished by a sentence at the discretion of the Judge, but not exceeding two years. He could not understand why thi3 offence cf dummyism ? should be singled out . ' for such special treatment. He agreed that the of fence was a heinous one, and he would rather have Mr. Playford's amendment giving tbe Judge power to sentence to ten years' imprisonment if the case deserved it ; but he could uot see why the minimum should be fixed. ? W-— *l Mr. BAGSTER said tnat - if the atnendmeuu were atrreed to the offence of dummyism would ap pear to be worse than manslaughter, because for that crime the sentence was left in the hands of the Judge, and might be either for life or -for a month, (Hear, hear) ...... . ? ' ? Mr. KINGSTON defied the Chief Secretary and the whole Ministry to produce any clause in the Criminal Law Consolidation Act providing that hard labour could [be imposed under flie present Bill for an offence not punishable by' imprisonment tOl this Bill became law. Ha hoped the Commissioner wonld agree to insert the words ' with hard labour.' In reference to firing the minimum, he could not see why this should not be done, because if a case of hardship arose under it there would be a speedy mean3 of redress open. Whilst a man who clipped a coin could not receive less than three years' imprisonment, he failed to see why a man who defrauded the Government of its land should not be punished by at least twelve months' hard labour; Mr. HENNING said those who' dummied the ? land did not steal it, as Mr. Kingston suggested* ? because in some cases they paid £7 or £8 an acre for . it. He felt that to fix the minimum sentence would . be a mistake. - Mr. TOMKINSON was obliged to Mr. Symon for the powerful support he had given to the amend ment, on which he would divide the House. He could not agree with the idea that those who dummied the land and paid for it actually stole it, as suggested by Mr. Kingston. ' Mr. KINGSTON said there were none so blind as . those who would not see. The fact was that the man who cot land against the will of the owner stole it, and that was what was done by tfiose who dum mied tbe land. They .were cheating the State. Mr. SYMON agreed vrith Mr. Kingston that those who dummied tbe land cheated tne country, and . ? ' that was why the offence was made a misdemeanour ; but be could not agree -with taking the decision as to the length of the sentence out of the hand3 . of the Judges when the Criminal Law Consolida* ticc Act specially stipulated that all conspiracies tocheat and defraud (of which this was one) Should ' be pnni8hed by a sentence not exceeding two years. Mr. COGLIN would vote against the Government, as be felt that the clause was stringent enough as it stood. ? ? ? ? ? Mr. SMITH said that as he Busgeeted the amend ment to the Government, he would now ast them not to press it, after the views expressed by hon. members. As to the hard labour, however, hs hoped that wonld be inserted; The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Eon. A. Catt) eaid that after the remarks of Mr. Smith and the previous speaters he would ask leave to withdraw the amendment. Tbe amendment was withdrawn, ' _ ' . The COMMISSIONEB of CBOWN LANDS (Son. A. Catt) movpd to add the words 'with or without hard labour.' - ? ? ? - . Carried. The clause passed as amended. The House resumed, and the Bill was reported, the consideration of the report being fixed for next day. ? SELECT COMMITTEE ON RAILWAYS.— . . STEATHALBYN TBAMWAY BILL. ? On the Order of the Day for the further con sideration of this Bill id Committea being called - on, . ? ? ? ? Mr. MATTINSON said the Select Committee o! which he was Chairman was takinz evidence as to the working of our lailwaye, and they proposed to bring up a progress report in a few days. ; That re port would have some reference to this .line, and he would therefore ask the Government to adjourn the consideration of this Bill fora week or eight day» until that repoit was brought up. Tbe CHIEF SECBErABY (Hon. 3. C. Bray) would under the circumstances agree to the request, and there was an additional reason that be should do bo from the fact that the estimate referring to the line which he had laid on the table was not yet in print He would move—' That the Order of tha Daj be postponed for a weet.' Carried. ' SUPPLY.-THE ESTIMATES. In Committee. „ ._ Office of the Treasurer, £1,088 10s.; increase, £J7 10s.- decrease, £40. Treasury, £2,497 10i.; mcrenw, . £637 103.; decrease, £332. ' ? Tlie item was passed. Acency in England, £3,C05; increase, £35. The Hon. T. PLAYFOBD asked whether, as tha ? inscription of our stock had been placed in tha bands of Messrs. Glyn & Co., the work of the Aeent-General's office was not reduced very on siderably. Mr. TOMKINSON said that there was no doabt that tbe amount of work to be done would' become greater as our national debt increased in amount. Mr. COGLIN had thonght that the Government would have taken into consideration the question of laiaing the Agent-General's S3.ls.ry to' £2,000 or £2,500,to as to place him on a level with Bimilar officers who represented the other colonies. He*a» sure Sir Arthur BIyth deserved the increase. Tha sum of £1,500 was not large enough. (Hear, hear.) Mr. KINO was sorry that both the Agent-General and the Assistant Agent-General had not had their salaries raised. When in England a short time siBce he had noticftdthe amount of work that was done in the office. . The place was a rendesvous for aQ South Australians, and the establishment was eon dncted in the most economical manner— in fact, at xatjcb less eatpense than any otheT similar establuh ment in London. He thought it was desirable that Sir ArlhurBlyth's salary sbtuld be raised^ £2,000 and Mr. Deering's to £1,000, for they both thoroughly *!£MraH Sed Mr. King's remits, and would point oat also that a very paat portion of bur - ArthniBly tt's salary had to be spent in entertaining TMtora^roin the colonies. He was aware pat the state of the revenue would not warrant an increase this year, but he hoped it w ould be made in the nest Estimates. Mr TOMKINSON said that the late action of the Secretary of State bad pat the Agents-General upon a higher footing than before, ana that meant a great € eal of extra expense. He did not think snch officers abonW act as semi- Ambassadors, but that they should be the commercial agents for the colonies ; yet even when filling that position they deserved the higher rate of salary which had been mentioned. Mr. COGL1N would like to add that he thought that the successful floating of tre late loan entitled the Agent-General to tbe higher rate of salary, and that was only one good point amongst many. (Hear, hear.) Mr. KING would like to Snow if the Agent General's office and rooms had been refarni&bed;, tecause 'when he was in London the farnitnre in them was a disgrace to tbe place. It had been originally bought secondhand by Mr. Dctton, and altogether the place had been fitted up in a cheap and nasty style. The TREASURER (Hon. L. Glyde) said atten tion had been drawn by the Agent-GeneTal to the fact that the f umitnre was really-too shabby to sup port the character of the colony, so £500 wa3 allowed to him to be spent oa refurnishing; and he would shortly have to ask the House for an excess of a similar amount He was dad to hear the complimentary remarks which had been made about the Agent-General, especially toy those who had Shad opportunities of seeingthe manner in which he conducted his work. Perso nally he woald be glad to increase the salary of the Asent-GeaeraL but in the present state of the colony he could not see hia way to do it. Of courae he could not say whether he would be m office pert year, hut whether he was or was not he thought the next Treasurer should fall in Trith the wishes of the Bouse in this direction. The item passed. r Office of Commissioner of Crown Lands, £1,507 ; increase, £37. Thn item was cassed. Stock inspectors, £-*,&« , increase, tio. The Hon. T. PLAYFGED asked that when any increase was brought under the notice of the Com mittee the Minister in charge of the depart ment might explain what it was— whether it was a Tegular increase or a piomotion to another class. He thought it was desirable that this should be done in order that they might be acquainted with the promotions, because it was very necessary that officers should not be placed in higher classes unless there waB some special reasonf or it Mr. TOMKINSON did cot object to the amount of salaries paid to the Stock Inspectors, but in view ol the smaller number of stock which were imported into the colony, was it not possible to do with fewer Inspectors? The COHMISSIOXEB of CBOWN LANDS (Hon. A. Catt) had had a special report oa that very matter, and the Inspector-General Had told him that really it was necessary to increase the number cf officers rather than decrease it The officers had travelled over a large area of land, and bad inspected large numbers of stock which -had been imported from the other colonies, and as there was an increase in these numbers more officers were likely to be required. Mr. HENNING thought that the amount of money which was spent in this department was well spent, because the exertion.? of the officers tended to keep diseased stock out of our colony, and bo saved us many thousands of pounds. The Hon. T. PLAYFOED said there was a line fcere, ' Cattle pontoon for Quarantine Station, £180,' and he would like to know why they ha-l to tots that amount pericdicallv. ,He thought that as tha importation of stock bad now decreased there was no necessity for it. The COMMISSIONER of CEOWN LANDS (Hon. A. Catt} had no report on the subject before him, but he thought that the amount was brought forward from last year. Ee knew that the Stock Inspector considered it to be most necessary. The Hon. T. PLAYFOBD said the amount was not shown to hare -been .brought forward, and as they could not set any satisfactory explanation he would move that the line he struck out. If the Minister wanted money for the purpose he could get an excess vote. Mr. KINGSTON agreed that in the absence of satisfactory information they ought not to take these items for granted, but should adjourn or refusra to pass them. - The amendment was carried, and tbe item as amended was passed. Botanic Gardens, £7,150 ; -decrease, £50Q. Mr. KING said he noticed there was a decrease in the total amount of this item, which last year was set down at £7,6S0, and he would like to know whether the £400 which was set down aa the final instalment for sloping the hanla of the Torren3 L&kejwould; be sufficient to complete that work. Mr. HENNING said the claims of the Curator for an increase in salary had been recognised by all, and he hoped that nest year would see the wish of the House in that direction carried into effect. The CHIEF SECEETABY (Hon. J. C. Bray) said the Government would have been pleased to make tha increase if the/ could have done so. The sum of £400 had been asked for by the Curator, and ha believed it would be ample to complete the ?work. Wr. SMITH had reason to know that it would be sufficient, but it would not have been if the sloping tad been carried on in a proper manner. The earth bad simply been thrown into the Torrena Lake, and that was tne reason 'why it had silted up so much. If it had been carted away they would not have had the depth of water so lessened. The hour of half -past 6 o'clock having arrived the Bouse adjonrned for an hour for dinner. On resuminc Mr. TOMKINSON called attention to the fact that the vote for the Botanic Gardens was only £3,000 some years ago, but as the department had been extended he was not surprised at the larger amount asked for. He only wished the House to avoid extravagant expenditure, and that the Gardens should be conducted with economy. He supposed the line of £1.000 for water supply was credited to the Waterworks Department, and that it ?was simply entered as a matter of bookkeeping. He would like to see such items as postages and water kept out of tha votes. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. G. Bray) said it was with the distinct approval of the House that 8Uch items were charged— (Hear, hear)— and he need hardly say that if the vrater were supplied by a private individual the Gardens would have to pay more than £1,000. (Hear, hear.) In reference to the slopinc; of the banks of the river, if the banks had not been sloped a good deal more earttt would have fallen into the rivev. Mr. COGLIN thought we were reasonably proud of our Gardens, and the money voted would be well spent. The item passed. Woods and Forests, £7,5SG 2s. 2J.; increase, £293 decrease, £505 17s. lOd. The Hon. r. PLAYFOED wished to know why it was proposed to increase the salary of the Conserva tor of forests by £40 ; he understood no salaries were to be increased. The COMMISSIONER ? of CEOWN LANDS (Hon. A. Catt) said the Forest Department had very materially enlarged, and it was felt that the services of Mr. Brown should be retained and fully recognised by placing him amongst tbe flrst-clas3 officers with whom he was entitled to rank. The work of the department had been extremely well done, and he thought no money was better spent than that voted for this department. It would be seen by the Conservator's report that ur- to the pre sent time timber to the value of £60,000or £70,000 had teen conserved, thatextensire p'anting operations of native and other trees had been carried on, aud that valuable work had been done in conserving native forests. The department returned a revenue oi over £4,000 last year, and the revenue for the present year was expected to reach £6,000. (Hear, fctar.) Mr. EOUNSEVELL supported the institution of tbe department, which was a most valuable one, and could -testify to the efficiency of the Conser vator, who could get a higher salary in any of the other colonies. He thought the money spent by the department would prove highly reproductive. Mr. HENNING noticed that £500 was putdo-vn last year for experimental planting north of Quorn, and that £193 of this amount bad not been spent. He wished to know what had been done, and why another vote was not put down in addition to the nnexpended balance, as he thought £5,000 would be well spent if trees could be got to crow in this portion of the country. ?The COMMISSIONS of CROWN LANDS (Hon. A. Catt) explained that the money was voted too late last year to allow of much being done. He believed a small area had been planted last year, ' but the season was agiinst the Conservator. A larger area had now been prepared, anil as this was a good season they would probably know nest yew ?whether it would be advisable to continue the \ute. Mr. BOWER asked if the amounts set down for ?wattle-planting were to be spent in making experi KThe ' COMMISSIONER of CROWX LANDS (II on. A. Catt) said the amount of £300 was intended U- be spent in experiments last year, but it was too lateto properly expend all of it. The sum of £258 hail liesn brought forward from last year, and had beea expended , and as this was a good season he ha-i taken upon himself to recommend the expenditure of £200 in addition in wattle-planting operations, andiu onler to do it they had employed surplus labour. He had anticipated the vote now proposed, and he hjped, as the expenditure would without doubt prove useful, the House would approve of his action. ^ear, hear.) Mr. HENNING thought it would be a great pity to restrict the vote for tree-planting north of Quora to £103, because full advautage should be taken of the good season. Mr. SMITH thought the sum was quite sufficient for the experiment. He wished to know what was the result of the planting on the Port-road, for wliich £467 was voted last year, aud £500 more was proposed now ? THE COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon. A. Catt) said sis more blocks were planted last year, which completed the planting of the reserve within the boundaries of the Hindmarsh Corporation, and the vote now proposed would be sufficient to complete the planting of the reserves on I the Port-road, -anich were under the control of the Forests Department. | Mr. COGLIN thought the money spent in these planting operations vras well laid out The Hon T. PLAYFOSD thought it was under stood that the reserve at Hindmarsh should be placed under the control cl the Corporation forever, so that the country should be pat to no farther ex pense, as it was net. e place t'ius the country should bear the expense of keeping in order. He did not think the amount sec down would complete the phntincof the whole of the reserve. He had no personal objection to the increase to the Conser vator of Forests' salary, as he thought he was a i!t£ervirfr officer; but an invidious distinction hail V-een made in singling him out from all the other Civil servants who had fair claim3 for increases. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. a Bray) s.iiil the Port-road Reserve was declireil a Forest UtscrTe, and was under tbe control of the Forests Eer .iitment. The Ministry had stated, not thit no increases were to be mado, but that they had to dcrlineto give increases ti many officers who de served to receive them. Mr. Bnnvn was by the i:ij i 'lit: en of the Forest Board placed at the bead of ihe department, ar,d no one in a similar p jaition had Mich a small salary. Mr. EOWER said the residents of Himlmrsa and Wocdville had to contribute to thj cost of tne Ir-,cirgq{ the plantations Gn the Port-road, and he tl.cufht it would be a good thins to hand over the ji-ir.tations to the local bodies when the? were com } pletrf. i Mr. TOMKINSON had hoped to be able to reduce j ihe line cf £5,000 for wages by £1,000, but as such a laree revenue was derived from the department be recognised the force of the statements made by the Commissioner, and would not press the reduction. The item passed. Office of Commissioner of Pablic Works, £2,453 Ms. 8d. ; increase, £173 Ms. W. Mr. BOWER enquired the reason of tbe increase of £80 in the allowance to office-keeper for wages and toard of servants 1 The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. C. Bray) said last year the whole of the new offices ware not occupied, bet now it was found necessary to provide the same amount as for the old offices. , sir. COGLIN thought the provision, necessary. The item passed. Office of Minister of Education, £1,354 ; increase £20. The item passed. Supreme Court, £8,507 ; increase, £312 ; decrease, £248 4s. 6(1. Mr. BOWER called attention to the fact that Jurors complained theylwere underpaid. The A1TOENET-GBNEBAI. (Hon. J. W. Downer) said the fees were fixed by Act of Par liament. Mr. EOTJNSEVELL asked why two clerks were '^Attorney-general (Hon. j. w. Downer) said the work of the Probate Office wax.; ranted an extra clerk. Ihe Government lost the services of a clerk Retting £270. A clerk TOW; pointed in his place at a lower salary, with a saving of £90, and an extra clerk was appointed. Mr^ COGUN did not see why £250 should be placed on the Estimates for tbe Law Library, when he members of the legal profession were able to lnTheheATTORNil -GENERAL (Hon. J. W. Downer) said the library was for the benefit of the Judges and the public, and tbe solicitors' yearly fee of £5 more than paid for the cost Every , member of the legal profession of any repute had a sufficiently large library himself, but this was neces sary for the public and the Judges. Mr. COGLIN thought the Judges should get their libraries at their own expense. Mr. BOUNSEVELL was not quite satisfied with the Attorney-General's explanation in reference to the two clerks. ? The ATTORNEY-GENERAL (Hon. J. W. Downer) eaid the work of the Probate Clerk had much in creased. Mr. Wilson, the late clerk, received £600 a year, but the salary of bis successor was only £4 5a Tbe Master of the Supreme Court had care fully worked up the probate and succession duties, and the second clerk was really in that department The other clerk was for the ordinary work of the Supreme Court office. Mr. SMITH said he remembered that when the vote or the Law library was nrat matte it was to prosure books not in the library at the time, and it was not intended to be aa annual vote. He did not think, mythine like £400 or'£250 was necessary every year. Mr. HARDY said it was to the Interest of the public to have the best hooks that could be ob tained, and he could assure hon. members that the money was exceedingly well expended for the public generally and not in tna interests of. the profession. Mr. KINGSTON said the amount of £250. was small compared with the expediency of keeping the Judges informed as to the state of the law. (Mr. Bees— 'Hear, hear.') The law wag continually being altered by recent decisions, and It was neces sary that the monthly reports should be perused by the Judges and tbe legal profession who paid suf ficiently for the privilege. He was glad to see the increase in the office which had the administration ef the probate and succession duties, as he was convinced that, owing to tbe officers not having had sufficient time at their disposal, we had not got the amount of revenue we ought from that source. Al though the item appeared as an increase, he had .no doubt it would return something like tenfold. Mr. TOMKINSON said he was in hopes of strik ing off £1,000 from the item o4£3,B00 for Jurors, as he thought the Jurors might serve ihe country gratui tously. It seemed to him that the staff of the Supreme Court was capable of doing much more. He knaw that the time of the Judges and the officers of tha Court was fully taken up, but a great deal of time would be saved u learned counsel aid not some times take a whole day in arming trivial points. (Laughter.) He wassorry the Insolvency Court had , been put on the shoulders of an already over-loaded officer, as he Delievedthat the work of that Court, aad also of the Licensing Bench, should be under taken by the Judges, who, he believed, were willing to do it. As it was, they had so overruled the de cisions of the Licensing Bench that they might as well have the chareeof it (Laughter.) The Hon. T. PLAYFORD said it appeared to him the Judges and lawyers would get on better if they had no lawbooks at alL (Laughter.) If the lawbooks were got rid of we should be done with the long winded harangues of learned counsel, for they wonld not have the materials with which to worfc (LanghterJ Then one Judge could do the work of two, the Judges would be able to take the Insol vency Court and the Licensing Bench, aud the members of that Bench would not have manda muses issued against them. (Laughter.) If the Judges simply; decided the cases intelli gently on their merits and apart from lawbooks, we ehonld not have tbe conflicting decisions which had been given in the highest Courts urged with great vehemence by counsel on either side, and the consequent eva of lengthened suits would be abolished, thus making litigation less expensive and more speedy than at the present time. (Hear, hear.) Mr. REES thought this was a proper expenditure. In every Court of justice in England there wa3 a library, and tha value of the expenditure was illustrated by the case of Mr. Justice Wills, who, when Mr. Herbert James was arguing a case, in dicated from memory the particular page at which it would be found in the Iawbook, The law, how ever contrary it might appear, should be as decided as possible for the interests of society. He thought the expenditure was a very proper one, and that the item should not be struck out Mr. KINGSTON saia the Hon. Mr. Playford was talking on a subject he did not know much of, but if he would pnblish a book on law and justice to take the place of the Law Libra.y the amount set down for' the Law Library might be expended to enable the public to become the possessors of the book. (laughter.) People's ideas differed as to what justice was. Justice to the Hon. Mr. Playford in a case of dnmmvisin wonld be to wirie the dnmmv off the face of the earth, while to Mr. Tomtmson it would mean presenting him with a public testi monial. (Laughter.) He agreed with Mr. Rees on this subject, and felt that so lone as we had a Law Library it was essential that it should be well sup plied with books. The item was passed. Court of Insolvency, £3,260; increase, £1,070. Mr. HENNING thought the Government had made a great mistake in appointing the over- worked Magistrate of the Local Court also Commissioner )f Insolvency, -when the Judges of the Supreme Sourt had so much more time at their disposal, and ivhen— according to a recent article in the Adver iser— the Chief Justice had time to carry out the luties of no less than thirteen or fourteen honorary jffices. Mr. REES could not understand on what prin aple the Commissioner of Insolvency, who was also Special Magistrate of the Local Court, should only ?eceive £1.000 a year, when the previous Commis aoner of Insolvency received £1,250 a year for pre siding over the Insolvency Court alone. (The irtorney-General— ' He served fifteen years.') He loped the salary would be increased, aa Mr. Stoart iras amost painstaking and able officer. Hediffered antirely from Mr. Henning as to the Chief Justice md the insolvency jurisdiction, as he felt that it was derogatory to the position of a Judge of the Supreme Court to have to preside over the Insol vency Court, and that it was contrary to what was done in England. If the hon. member had looked at the correspondence with reference to the Chief Justice acting as Commissioner he would have seen that the Chief Justice only accepted the duties 'as a temporary arrange rneni..' As to the thirteen or fourteen honorary offices held by the Chief Justice, he felt that His Honor had placed the public under a load of obligation by what he had done as ViceChan cellor of the University and in other positions, and that this should not be made a subject for complaint against him. Mr. SYMON differed entirely from Mr. Rees in thinking that it was derogatory to the Judges of the Supreme Court that they should be asked to take tee insolvency jurisdiction. Mr. Justice Cooper, Mr. Justice Gwynne, and Mr. Justice Stow had taken the insolvency cases with great credit to them selves and satisfaction to the public. (Hear, hear.) It had neither impaired their usefulnes? nor been inconsistent with their position as Judges of the Supreme Court. He was glad that during the short time he was Attorney-General it was the policy of the Government to transfer the jurisdiction of the Insolvency Court to the Snpreme Courts Bear, hear)— and he wished he had been in a position to carry out that policy. It was quite truB that the Chief Justice took the officetemporarily— andhecave him all praise for the manner in which he had carried out the duties. That particular arrange ment was made because there wa3 some uncer tainty arising from the fact that it was not known vshetiier Mr. Bundey's Bill would become law, or that it would be swept away, as it actually waa by other alterations. The mistake that had been made was in thinking that tae Chief Justice only was to perform the duties, when the fact was that the functions of the Insolvency Court were to be trans ferred to the Supreme Court, and to be discharged by any of tbe Judges of that Court, so that there might be the three Judges to perform those func-' tions. (Hear, hear.) He still felt that that would be the best arrangement in the interests of the public-^Hear, hear)— as the community still looked back with special satisfaction on the way in which the duties of the Insolvency Court were performed by Mr. Justice Stow. The hon. member Mr. Rees vras wrong when he said that this would be contrary to the practice in England, tbe fact being that there the Chief Judgein Bankruptcy was Vice-Chancellor of the Court of Chancery, and that, this was an analogous case. As to the other point of Mr. Rees's speech, he entirely agreed with the bon. member, because he felt that the Commis sioner of Insolvency and the Special Magistrate of the Lccal Court deserved as much salary as even a Judge of the Supreme Court, and that to give bim £1,000 a year was quite inadequate. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL (Hon. J.W. Downer) said he was at one time in favour of the Supreme Court doing the insolvency work; but when he saw the practical working of this, and the delays that arose through the necessary abseuoe of the Judges, and when he had been appealed to day after day by the mercantile community to appoint some one as Commissioner of Insolvency who could always be accessible, he felt that he could not do otherwise than make the appointment. Then came the question of salary. The Special Magistrate of the Local Court wa3 then getting £800 a year for those duties, and when he suggested that he should take these exfta duties at a salary of £1,000 Mr. Stuart at once agreed. Of course there was no idea that this salary would be a permanent thing ; but it should be borne in mind that the late Commissioner of Insolvency served many years for £SO0 and £1,000, and Oat it was only latterly that he received more. He felt that he had a right to consider the public interests as well as the interests of the gentleman ?who was appointed to this office. Besides, it should be borne in mind that while the jurisdiction bad been increased in tbe Local Court, the j insolvency business in Adelaide had been reduced by the establishment of the local Insolvency Courts in various parts of the colony. Mr. REES said that, notwithstanding the remarks of Mr. Symon, he was still of opinion that the posi tion of Commissioner of Insolvency was incom patible with that of Chief Justice, and that it was contrary to English precedent Mr. HENNTNG had never questioned the amount which was to be paid to the Stipendiary Magistrate and the Commissioner of Insolvency, but had stated that he considered the work connected with the office of the Stipendiary Magistrate was suffi cient for one man ; and throughout the city there were complaints as to the delay in the In solrency OSce. They were all thankful to the Chief Justice for carrying on his honorary offices, but so long as he was paid a fair and reasonable salary he should give the whole of his office time to his country. H beyond that time he cared to attend to dnties of honorary offices, then, no doubt, he was to be thanked for so doing. Mr. ROUNSEVELL said, after the testimony they had received, there was no doubt that we were getting this work done very well and very cheaply, but was there no fear of the official's health break ing down J (The Attorney-General— 'No.') The Hon. T. PLAYFORD laid there was a memo, jttached to the item ' Accountant,' which after stating the fees which .had to be paid to him out of insolvent estates, said he nao for those fees to prepare all schedules and find the necessary assistance in all .cases ol insolvency, except when otherwise ordered by the Commissioner of Insolvency. This exception was rather singular, because the Commissioner could relieve Wm of all responsibility if he chose to do so. The House had set Itself against exceptions of all sorts, because they might lead to abuse, SidthCTeSre he would JOke to Snow what this one ^Tbe1' ATTORNEY-GENERAL (Hon. J. W. Downer) said this was a time-honoured paragraph, and the exception was inserted for the pnrpose of providing that where an extraordinary amount of work was thrown npon the Bhonldere of the Ac countant in some cases be should hate an allowance made to him by tbe Commissioner. Mr COGLIN wonld like to know why the present Commissioner, who had been referred to in eulogistic language, and who was a first-class literary genius as well as an able lawyer, should receive only £1,000, when his predecessor was paid £iji50. The item passed. .Magistrates' and Local Courts, £24,235; increase, £2,115; decrease, £5OO— Adelaide, £5,055; increase: £4,180; decrease, £850. Mr. ROUNSEVELL Baid, with regard to the bailiffs, he knew that a new system had been initiated at the Court He would like to know if that department would be managed as economically as it ought to be, and how the fees would go towards the expenses.' The ATTORNEY-GENERAL (Hon. J.W. Downer) had net the precise figures as to the revenue, bat be would refer the hon. member to Ways and Means, which, showed that last year the revenue waa £3,500 38s. 6d., and that it wa3 expected to reach £6,000 next year. Hon. members would know that in the past a small salary had been given to the bailiff, and he was entitled to take the fees.* The result was that he bad the management of the affairs of his department ; and as constant complaints were being made as to the manner in which these duties were discharged by the officers employed by him he had thought that it would be better to do away with such a state of things. He felt that the Government should receive the fees and that the Attorney General should appoint the bailiffs, aul he had brought about that reform a short time since when he bad the opportunity of doing *o. The alteration meant a saving in the expenses, aud he hoped that the returns -would be so large that they would be able to reduce the fees paid by the public, because all tnat was aesirea wnen lees were im posed was that they should be productive of suffi cient revenue to pay the expenses of the office. The office of bailiff in the past had been one of the best paid in the Government service, and in tbe nature of things that ought not to be. He thought that it would be found that the alteration wouldbe productive of much good. Mr. BAGSTER had been about to ask the Attorney-General if one man had been allowed to mop up all the fees. (The Attorney-General— ' Yes.'X He quite approved of the alteration. Mr. HABDY asked whether the amount which waa set down to the bailiff included the cost of actions which might he brought against him? Provision ought to be mads for that if it had not been considered. Mr. COGLIN approved of the action of the Attorney-General with respect to the bailiffs. Mr. KING also thought the Attorney-General bad acted wisely, and he hoped he would extend the change to the country Local Courts as far as possible, as it was found very often that it paid the bailiffs better not to serve processes. He had bad to apply to the Stipendiary Magistrates to get processes served, and it would be a great advantage to the public if a change were brought about The Govern ment should not make a profit out of the fees. Mr. TOMKINSON could not see his way dear to reduce the amounts proposed, bnt be noticed that the number of country Courts had been increased from sixty-two to sixty-six. It seemed to him that the Government had not been sufficiently firm in resisting the requests that had been made to them by deputations and by hon. members for new Courts, and extra expenditure in this direction should bs jealously guarded. Mr. BOWER noticed that there was an increase from £40 to £120 for the Local Court at Elliston, and wished for an explanation. The ATTORNEY-GENERAE (Hon. J. W. Downer) said the Government had previously ar ranged with a local tradesman to do tbe Court work, and that, as he had refused to do it any longer, a clerk had to be appointed. Mr. COGLIN thought the Attorney-General had done quite right Mr. WARD thought Mr. Tomkinson's sympathy did not .extend to the residents in newly settled portions' of the colony, and he entirely over looked tbe long distances they had to travel to obtain justice. Sp far as he was concerned, the requests made were very reasonable, and the people bad so little accommodation that some of them had to, travel from twenty to forty miles to take out summonses. He had previously directed the attention of the Attorney-General to the fact that at present the Local Court was held at Terowie only once in two months, and that the residents asked that the Court should be held monthly. The nearest Court on the other side was Jamestown, and he thought the granting of the request would not involve much extra expense or very great trouble on the part of the Magistrate. He hoped the Attorney- General, who had carefully considered the matter, would be able to grant the request. Mr. BAGSTER asked if any business was done at the Elliston Local Court. (Hon. members—' Oh, yes.') Mr. KING said there was an excess of £1,000 on the item of Magistrates and Local Courts last year, and he wished to know if tbe amount now set down would be sufficient The ATTORNEY-GENERAL Hon. J. W. Downer) said the amount was given as a fair esti mate of what would be required. The Hon. T. PLAYFORD thought the increase of £20 on the salary of the Clerk of the Mount Barker andWoodside Courts was rather large. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL (Hon. J. W. Downert said the Clerk was promoted in January last, and the object waa to place mm in tne same class as officers who had served as long as he had. The Hon. T. PLAYFORD said the man started in another class and would go on. He hoped some arrangement would be made by which the clerks of the country Courts would have more work to do, a3 at present they had so little to do that they Rot into mischief. A great many of them went wrong, and the real cause of this was in many cases want of something to do. Could not the Attorney-General put as much. work is possible on the clerks, and instead of having a clerk at each place, have travelling clerks ? (The Attorney-General— ' We do in some cases.') He tvaa glad to hear it, for it was an important matter. Mr WARD asked how many Courts the Magis trate presiding at Terowie had to attend in a BTlie ATTORNEY-GENERAL (Hon. J. W. Downer) eaid the present Stipendiary Magistrate had very hard work, and unless it was absolutely necessary, he would be reluctant to impose more on him. The Terowie matter was now nnder consideration. As to the Hon. Mr. Playford's remarks, he bad devoted himself to finding employment for the clerks, as he felt that they came to grief simply from inactivity, and wherever he could he made one clerk do the work of two or three Courts. (Hear, hear.) Mr. WARD 3aid the Attomey- General would understand that he had simply asked the question about Terowie, because this was a proper time for considering such matters. He did not wish to cast any reflection. The item passed. . Coroners, £1,997 ; increase £15. - ? Mr. KING said he would like to'1 know what The ATTORNEY-GENERAL (Hon. J. W. Downer) said it was for witness fee3 and medical expenses. ? Mr. TOMKINSON said inquests were held in many cases where they were unnecessary, This was a matter that should be looked into. The item passed. Registrar-General of Deeds, £13,128103.; increase, £97 10s.; decrease, £180. The item passed. Police, £93,594 18s. 6d.; increase, £5,336 15s. Mr. BAGSTER asked whether the three Inspec tors of Public-bouses under ' Mounted police' were only employed in that capacity ? The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. O. Bray) said they were Inspectors of Police who did duty as Inspectors of Public-houses. Mr. SMITH said he noticed there was an item of £270 for an extra Inspector under mounted police. Was that necessary ? The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. C. Bray) said a sergeant had been promoted to tho position of sub-inspector, but the expense was not increased. Mr. WARD asked whether the gentleman who was generally known as Inspector of Public-houses was performing police duty V The CaiEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. C. Bray) said he had always been nominally under the Com missioner of Police, but had had entire control of the duties of ihe Licensing Bench. The dutJes were now thrown on the Inspectors of the different districts, and they were under the control of the Commissioner of Police. Mr. WARD congratulated the Government on their action with regard to the mounted police. They had done wisely in recognising the claims of the outlying districts to extra police protection. (Hear, hear.) Mr. TOMKINSON said it seemed to him the pro posals under ' Police' were most satisfactory. The Licensing Bench felt that the Inspector of Public houses was in an anomalous position, for the Com missioner of Police did not know what duties he carried out There was a considerable improvement under the present arrangement. The police as a body were something to be proud of, from the Commissioner downwards, (Hear, hear). There was a good deal of work that could be put in time on the Fermanant Military Force, so that, although the population might increase, there need not be extra expense. Mr. COGLIN also wished to add his meed of praise to the police, who were aj effective a body of men as any country could wish for. (Hear, hear.) Mr. SMITH agreed that the police force was efficient, but he fslt that it was desirable to check these increases. There were five more constables. Where were thev to be stationed ? We ought to put the men of our Permanent Force to some better ad vantage. They might act as constables and make themselves generally useful when not on military duty. Mr. KING said there must be increases in the police force as the population of the colony in creased. He hoped that next year some more ade quate salary would be given to the Commissioner of Police. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. C. Bray) said the extra foot- police were required for the suburbs of Adelaide, and the mounted police for the North. So far as the Permanent Force were con cerned there were only seventeen or eighteen of them at present, and they were fully engaged at the new fort When the number was increased to fifty —as was contemplated— he had no doubt they would be employed at Government House and else where on duty now done by the police. The item passed. Gaols and prisons, £33,891 14s. ; increase, £1,031 4s.; decrease, £44. Mr. BOWER would like to know if the revenue from prisons was increasing in the same ratio as the expenses? The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. C. Bray) said the estimated receipts for the coming year from gaols and prisons was £7,000. The return asked for By the hon. member the other day had not yet been prepared, but there wa3 no doubt that, so far as tha Yatala Labour Prison was concerned, the returns would be very iair indeed. Mr. COGLIN said the returns from prisons would never be satisfactory till the prisoners were allowed to follow their own trades there. The item passed. The House resumed, and the Committee obta5ned leave to at again on Thursday. ORDER OF BOSINESS. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. C. Bray), in reply to Mr. Wahd, said he would ask the Hoase to take the Public Library Bill next day, and he would put the Pastoral Leases Bill dawn for early next Tuesday. 