WE C0MTRWT0H. AMERICAN REMINISCENCES; \- ' By. Ax Axoxviioi's Scbibbler.; No. VI. ' ic " f Tlio . nature of "tho American climate j liko that - of . Australia-cspeeially ' in tho warm season— requires-.,- tits dead to bo interred much more quickly. than in tho mother country, and it is probable that in the ahsenco of such precautions against premature burial as are observed . on the Continent of ; Europe a fatal mistako is occasionally made.' Though not frequently, I liavo known persons! who havo died in the morning deposited in tho gravo boforo sunset. And owing to tho often rapidly fatal effect of yellow fever, bilious fever, . &c.;, in tho South and South Woatci'n States, a man who is apparently- we|I to-day may twenty-fonr hours later bo at rest ill tho house appointod for all tho living. To mo it seems tlio American "casket" is a groat improvement on'tbo English coffin, though tho former is moro cxpensivo. Tho " casket" is a thin iron reoeptnelo for tho'decd, having some resemblance to tho oullino of a human body. Being broiizod, whilo the lid is cast sons to 'imitato drapory gracefully folded over n re cumbent form, tho nppcarnnco of tho wholo is far from repulsive. On tho sides are the usual handles, while, over tho'faco of the cortiso is a thick sheet of' glass, with a metallic cover working on a pivot. By this , means tho features I can ho cxaminod at any moment without opening tho casket, : Finally there is a groove round the top ' of thq lower half, into which tiie'upper portion acouvately. fits, and tho wholo is hermetically scaled by a composi tion for the purpose. The friends of the idoad can thus, take a last look at thaBo.thcy havo loved rip to tho last moment, while the , escape of effluvium, in tho event of decomposition setting in before, iutcrmont, is .rendered Im possible. ' Considering tho advantages of the " casket" over tlio ordinary wooden shell, it is surprising that tho contrivauco has not been adopted among us. Anything . that wo ili lesson tho ugliness of our fuueral arrangement would ho a gain. . , Consoiousness that tlio poorest is on' . political equality with, the richest, aud the absence of titulnr distinctions gives tho hum. blest American a confldonoo in tho prceonce of his " social superiors" that is vory striking to Europoans. Tliero is neither insolence noij cringing, but perfect solf. possession, and if ono meets with eithor, tho person who exhibits |fc is suro to bo a naturalised citizen or a negro. The New York cabby who asked a now arrival from England if he was the "man" that was going to ride, as he was the "gentle' mau" who had to drive him, could not havo been of native extraction, but must have been an Englishman or an Irishman bent upon show ing that he thought himself quite as good as his employer. Tho American "to the manner horn" is never guilty of an offonsivo assertion of his claim to be on a level with others be- causo ho ha3 boon accustomed from childhood to assume this, and to look upon hiriiscK.as a possible occupant at some future time of the presidential chair. But with tlio example of Abraham Lincoln and James Garfield before him, there is as good achanco of Anintelligeijt American hoy inhabiting the While Rome when ho becomes a man as there was of every private in Napoleon's ' army carrying a pros pective marshal's baton in his knapsack. Whilo there aro no hereditary honors in fijo United States, aud tho descendants even of the Washington family are probably not accorded, on that ncconnt nlouc, more respeot than other members of socioty, Americans', are proud of tracing their origiri to some 'distinguished "English ancestor, or to one of tile .I'iHini fathers who arrived in tho' Jtaylliqver. If tliero can bo said to exist an unacknowledged social aristocracy, it is composed of those who do thus pirime themselves on being of Euglisll ancestry that dates before tho Revolution, But, so far as the outside world is concerned " not all the blood of nil tho Neypomes" will insure the possessor any consideration beyond what his personal 'merits ' entitle hirri to. A'nil this is consonant' witlr common sense, '' for '' what can ennoblo sots, or, fools, or cowards)" and why should an Individual who has - no claim, to honor but that of having had a lather who' has donq the 'Stato'-'somo.-scrrioe;1 -dis tinguished biiriscdf in sdino.7other way by, his talents, receive .the horiinge; of .others) Row few -.of the ilcseendanta. of. 1 tlio great men England has produced aud ,- ennobled exhibit ! anyVof .tho 'characteristics that ' raised their j forefathers to tlio peerage. : T'lie Marlborough, I Nelsons,. Wellingt.tint', , &c;'., : of , to-day arc. 113 rindistinguishahlo from tho ruck. of well bred gentlemon as though tho names of .the founders i of their lineage had nover been familiar in . men's mouths ns a household word.- Ami it is ' to be (hoped thopeoplo of .Australia, like those ! Of the United-. Status, will . discounteuaiico the ; attempt.to create liero an aristocracy, founded !; on, any other basis:than-that qf. thc.wqi th and .virtue of the members. With :these titles to publio regard;, the possessors.need no artificial !j stamp, to insure them due honor. . . ; There '.can he no doubt , that in all the . Atlantic States which havo.bocn mainly popu- ; latcd by men of purely British origin there is a strong regard and admiration for the laud of ! their ancestor?. .Tholill feeling towards Great ' I Britain, arising from : tlio War oMndepen- dence and the-subsequcnt. difficulties with. the United States in. ;1812, -loft. :a, soreness that 1 was not irinch diminished- even ' thirty years , ago. Since , tlion, : however, tho enormous , growth in wealth and power of;.the Union has banished. all- jealousy anil fear of the.mothor ' .country, . while, thd great straggle between Northrnnd SoutU.dias'. overshadowed remem- ; .branoo of .the, comparatively puny contests be- I tween the parent State and lior gigantic olf- ! spring in' tile West. ; Perhaps, however, tho resolve of the British Government to submit : -the Alabama claims to arbitration, at the risk ' wliioli.was not imaginary — of having to pay ' a larger bill for datuages than was fairly due, i has done riiore than any other ovent to rc- unite and perpetuate the soveral ties of regard between mother ami daughter. .Althoueh' no othor great naval power would probably have .consented to such a method of settling the point at issuo, or perhaps even acknowledged its liability for the damages done by the Ala bama and Shenandoah, tho wisdom oi the decision will not be denied by any man ot in telligence. It is true the. American Cabinet did not credit tho Imperial Government witu declining to join France in recognising the in- dcpondoncc of tlio South and thus prolonging the strife, if not imparting u new character to it, but tho peaceful solution of the dilllcrilty icrhapa saved an international quarrel that would have inflicted infinite mischief on both sides, and revived tho original bitterness to wards Great Britain. Anil although some of tho less influential of Amorican newspapcrs.attn- j .hutcd her consent to tho Geneva arbitration to j fear, tho more fair aud unprejudiced journals admitted sho won chiefly actuated by a ,'hHro to avoid nocdlcss bloodshed between kindred popple and resistance to a legitimate demand' While tho recognition of - tho Alabama claims will compel tho United States to prevent foreign ships being fitted out in their ports to prey on British coniincrco, the chief gain fro® tho transaction hns been the strengthening or the goodwill of tho inhabitants towards _ their kindred in the mother country. Tho Ii"J population aro of courso hostile to, Great Britain; and would hail with intense uelignt any event that shoulti embroil tho two naliOaji but tho enmity of tho parents is milch iu mimshed in the children. Of lato years to tlio German immigration lias vastly csccc,- tli'at from tho Emerald Islo, and Tor social as woll as other reasons tho citizbn3 of Ted0:11, birth; havo no sympathy with H'J®12 animosity against Great Britain. As -the be man voto outnumbered -tlio Irish on 1 tho influence of tlio latter, though. 'ar an unimportant factor in Amorican Polit, ' is . never likely to have much effect: on r national relations of Brother Jonathan ' w John Bull. The unfeigned anxiety ol British sovereign nnd pcoplo for tho _rcco ) of President Garfield, and the 60"u.w„e(j pressed by them at his untimely end, s'io that though the Atlantic separates too > nations, "»oy are bound together by common ijoi And tho very marked respoct paid to tho British fluff ordor of President Arthur at tho centenary celebration of the surrender at STorktown was further evidence of tho cor diality of fooling between peoples so olosely allied by blood. If tuero bo any truth in the theory that tho £.n"lo Saxon . race lias gained largely by ad mixture with the Celtic, Norman and Danish stocks, the American of the future should fKnofit in ft fnr' larger degree' from tlio same cause. Whllo the English, . German and Irish mccs havo contributed most largely to the formation of the national character, every people in the Old World, and, in lesser moiwure, those of tho Now one also, havo helped to produce tho average American of to-day. To roaliso tho iufluenoo of the onor- moiw low of population from tho East into tlio trhitbd States, ono has only to notice how the foreign clement has modified entire por tions of tho Western cities. There, whole quarters aro inhabited either by German or Irish citizens, and the visitor will hear nothing hut broad Hibernian or honest Deutsche, and set only Teutonic or Milesian names on the 1 signboards. This extreme, if natural, gregarious- new, a3 in the caso of the Chinese, tends to perpetuate prejudices and habits that ought to be abandoned, and in the case of German im migrants prevents tlicm acquiring thelnngungo of tlioir adopted country. In Pennsylvania (.specially, whore certain districts liavo been cottled since the Revolution by Gorman im migrants and the descendants of the Hessian troops of Georgo III,, a bastard Tontonio English is spolron, which has bcenimmortuUsed fa the Hans Breitmnn ballads. To realise the extreme liumor of these clever productions one must have a snffioiont knowledge of German to understand tho meaning of the words in the vernacular used by tlio amusing Hans, and bis misapplications of its idioms to the English. The isolation of those people, however, has perhaps loft them in tho rear of every other BColion of tho population, nnd a Pennsylvania ' Dutchman" is a synonym for obstinacy and daincss. But, as a rale, tiie son of the im migrant most attached to the cuatoms and ideas of liis forefathers becomes .thoroughly Americanised, nnd adds whatever ib valuable la tho knowledge lie has acquired from his parent to the common stock of information, In this way many industries have been intro duced into the United States, that . might otherwise not havo boon practised. The Frenchman brings his exquisite taste and delicacy of manipulation ; tho German liis high technical skill and thorough work manship ; the Italian his knowledge of the fine arts nnd sericicultnro ; tho Spaniard his experience as a vino dresser, &e.; but it scorns highly probable that tho unrivalled inventive ingenuity of the American, and his application of mechanical principles to tho everyday wants of life, is largely owing to tlio fusion of braius from all parts of the civilised world. At tho same time, thi3 power of originating contriv ances bos been greatly stimulated by the patent law, which enables the poorest man of mcohanical talent to protect liis idca3 from pirasy. - And a liko simplification of the re gulations for tho samo object in this colony would give a strong impetus to Viotqrlan in vention. ;; J . . : The vast' hotels of the Union exert a marked iulluertce on the liabit3 of the people, which i3 nit so favorable to the social virtues as the more domosticated life of the inhabitants of tlio United .Kingdom. There can be no doubt that' theso palatini structures originated in a groat meaBiire in the costliness of housekeeping and tlio difficulty of obtaining civil and com petent ""helps" in the non-slaveholding' States. But a (03te having been acquired for the ; luxury, freodom. and excitement of hotel life, ; ii not easily conquered, and many after mar- . Wage endeavor to avoid tho cares of tho menage by hiring apartments in. ono of those great edifices and eating at the public table. The family existence, therefore, of this 'class re sembles that oE tho French far more than that 'of the English. Tho main support of the en ormous hotels in tho United States is the loco motive habits of tho population. In no coun try do the people so frequently change their ' abode, or travel so generally ; and it is no exag- . deration to say that an American makes no , more ado about a journey of 1000 miles tban most people in Europo would do about one- tenth of that distance. Tlio art of travelling, iufact, in the former country has attained its highest development ; every want and comfort ' of the man of business or tourist havo been . 'provided for. His luggage — wbicb is reduced to the smallest possible compass— having been delivered to tlio railway portor at tho bogin- . ning of the journey, ceases to trouble him further, for ho knows ho will find it safely do- i live-red at tho hotel at his destination. As ' every one, more or less, travels on busiucss or . ptcasuro, it is necessary to provide suitable ac commodation for tho crowd, and the enormous caravansaries are tho result. Years ago Amo- ; ricans poiiitcd with pride to tho Astor Homo . of Now York, which tho millionaire of . that yiame is said to have presented to his son as a : New Year's gift. This fine granite structure, . with its hundreds of rooms, was supposed to have oottt 800,000 dol., and was considered a !'! jnarvo! in its day. But, large as it was, it . has been dwarfed by sotuo of the more re cent buildings of .the samo kiudi both in magiiificonco aud dimensions. As the popu- , ration of these colonics increases tho need of lunch larger hotels than any in cxis- ellce hero will bo fnlt to receive the increased of- travellers ; and there are many Vic- . tori sua living now -who will probably Bee in Melbourne buildings as much bigger than ; Measiea' as that hostelry surpasses in Bizo the ordinary taverns of this city. . If the horse in America is largoly used As au instrument of gambling, the turf there ,vi 5 practical benefit to tho community. iLaoing iu Australia produces a breed of ; animals that aro perfectly useless for any oth'tt purpose, even though their great money value did not prevent thom from being cni- 1 I'Wed for any. purpose but to run a short , , distance at great speed. In the United States, on .the contrary, whbro trotting races are far i "lore popiilar.thau those on oiir courses, tlio winner of a twefvo inilo contest would pass ' all inferior buggy horses in a buggy on ft ( Metalled road like the wind. Trotting races, ( therefore, by encouraging a breed of fast liariiess horses, have a marked tendency to . improve tho animals that aro in request for every day purposes ; and the common hacks supplied by tho American livery stables are : very superior to our own. I havo ridden in a \- » common road, at the rate of six- ijuis an hour, and every one who has vWlioea tho number of fast turnouts in the environs of tbo larger. American cities must admit that whatever may bo the enso as regards tlio saddle horso, we havo very fow trotters that could hold their ground against oven second rale, animals of ' the latter kind in tho United States, Tlio attempt to naturalise trotting here on tho Elstcruwick course has been decidedly successful, and tho infiuenco of tho sport will be perceptible in a few years in tbo improved paoos of the buggy and other light harness horses around Melbourne, More than tliirty years ago tho Americans had practically solved the question of combin ing payiug patients with freo ones in the same hospital. About the year 1330 I fell danger ously ill in St. Bonis ; and as suitable attendance at' tho liotol whbro I was staying was not to be hud, my medical attcudaut ordered my removal to tlio private wjng of tho Marino Hospital, Tho institution was under tlio care of the Sisters of Mercy, and. It is scarcely necessary to, remark, was admirably managed. In the part of the building I on- tcrcd there were a number of small but beautifully clean, cool- anil well vontilated rooms ; and the good Sisters not only acted as nurses, but diBponsod tbo drugs witii tho skill of a professional apothecary. For room, nurs ing and medicine I paid only 2 or 3 guineas a week, in addition to the fees of my medical attendant, who happened to he also honorary physician of tlio establishment ; but if I had preferred any other professional man I could have engaged him. I shall ever be thankful to the devoted women who nursed me with a carefulness that; no hired attendant would have shown ; and I have ever since felt pro found respect for. members of tbe bcx who from the .purest, benevolence surrender all tho pleasures and enjoymonts wliioh are coveted by the majority to minister to the.sick and dying. No wondor tho paying ward of tho hospital was never empty, and that some peoplo who wero seriously ill preferred the BklUed nursing of the SlStcrs to being, treated in their own houses,. Tile receipts from the paying wing of the hospital,, increased the incomo for tlio maiutonnnce .of rtlto pationta on the charitable side; and It was not uuii3ual for conval escents of ;. means to express their gratitude for; .the benefit they bad re ceived by ft liberal donation to tiie funds. Not tho slightest difficulty wa3 experienced in treating the two classes of patients , in distinct parts of the samo building ; and the objections raised here to the practicability of tbo system are purely imaginary. 