; BRANXH0LM (From our own Correspondent.) I notice that my recent remarks in re the local. Fost-offico havo called forth the latent talent of a juvonilo in tho said office, who impugns the voraoity of my statement, and has sadly misunderstood tho purport of tho remarks, for there was no mention of the time occupied by the sorting of mails, attention being- merely oalled to the practice of transacting 'private' business through the ' office window.' Perhaps B. H. Wilson will asBert also that tho interior of those largo and othorwiso desirable buildings are well fitted with requisite pigeon holes for the better assorting and delivery of local mails. To concludo this subject, I add that in the neighbouring colonies any public officer -who openly addresses the|Press on public matters is liable to instant dismissal— perhaps tho practice is otherwise in Tasmania. , A utory comes to me of a well-known looal manager in company with an inspecting share holder and investor having been bushed all night quite recently. Such occurrences tend to damp the ardour of even an 'enthusiast, especially when the only availablo bedclothes consist of a pocket haridkorobiof; oven tho friendly shelter of an umbrella would have been appreciated. 1 There soems every prospect of a very suboess ful Boason amongst tho miners during the coming winter. Over the 'Big Hill ' at Mr. Allton'a, qu:teva township has opened, up, eclipsing (nu-. merioftlly) tho buildings on the Government township hero. All available lands for many miles around this district aro being rapidly takon up. there evidently being an unusual activity displayed amongst mining speculators. An opinion is gaining ground that large lodes of tin, oxist in tho vicinity of Anton's Hill and higher up the creek abovo the fertile Golden Age. Should even part of tho brightest anticipations bo verified the North-East Const will soon totally eolipae tho great North-West. ._ .-.. . Several heavy 'showers of rain havo' fallen during the past week', Blightly adding to 'the' diminished water supplies. ?? ... The English Mail . — The E. M. S. Paramatta, one of the latest additions to the P. arid 0. Company's float, arrived at Albany on. Tuesday, with the English ?mails via Brindisi to January 20. She may bo expected at Glenelg on Saturday, and in Hobson's Bay on Mondaj', and the Tasmnnian portion of tho mail should reach horo in good timo on Tuesday, next. Obituary:.— On Tuesday there passed, peacefully away, at the Baptist Church premises, Mr. William Cleaver, who might truthfully be termed the ' oldest inhabitant,' as he attained his 102nd birthday on the 7th August last. He was born in England in 1780, and was apprenticed to a tailor in Lewes, Sussex, but was, we believe, engaged by the late Mr. Joseph Archer, of Panshanger, Longford, to accompany his family to Tasmania, and if this be correct he would have arrived at Hobart in, the Emerald, the first vessel that brought emigrant families direct from England, on 18th March, 1821. He remained some time in Mr. Archer's service at Panshanger, and then opened business as a tailor in Longford. When the gold Golds of Victoria were first discovered he went to that colony, but returned to Longford, and afterwards removed to Launceston, where he has resided for many years past. His wife only died about two years ago, over 80 years of age. Mr. Cleaver retained the full possession of his faculties up to the last, and his reminiscences, which, ran back to the time an invasion of the French under the First Napoleon was feared in England, were very interesting. He was a sincere and consistent Christian, for many years a member of the Baptist Church here, and was never known to murmur, but was always cheerful and happy, and very grateful - for any act of kindness. On Sunday week he was in his usual place alongside the minister at the Baptist Church, but since then he has been gradually getting weaker ; but it was not till Monday last that any marked change was perceptible. He knew his end was approaching, and his constant prayer was that he might pass away quietly and not be a trouble to those about him, and his desire was gratified. He was able to get out of bed on Tuesday morning and take nourishment during the forenoon, but about 2 p.m., while Pastor White was sitting by him holding his hand, he shut his, eyes and passed almost imperceptibly into the long sleep of death. . Presentation.— A correspondent in forms us that a veryplensing presentation was recently made at Bishopsbourno on the occasion of the marriage of Miss M. J. M'Bain (eldest daughter of Mr. Alex. M'Bain, of the College Farm, Bishops- . bourne) to Mr. O. G. Hall. The presen tation consisted of a handsome marble clock, and was made by the parents and iBoliolars of the WeBleyan Sunday-school, in which, Miss M'Bain had acted as org'ani3fc for four years,, and had been con nected with the school as teacher and scholar for over seventeen years. At the instance of Mr. Blackwoll, the Superin tendent, tho presentation was made by the Rev. 0. Dubourg. In addition the young lady received numerous handsome presents from fiiends, and the bost wishes ? were expressed for her future happiness. :How .to put down Perjury. — The increase of perjury in English law courts suggests -to the spectator a capital story of the way in which a Danish colonial magis trate, for whoso exceptional character and ability, it vouches, once suppressed per jury in his court :— ' He said nothing of his method, but an English friond seated beside him on the bench noticed that whenever a witness told a palpable lie he jumped. He asked the reason, and the : magistrate, after a caution, revealed his secret:— 'My orderly stands behind the /witness, and whenever I put my left hand to my ear that indicates that the evi dence is, false, and he runs a pin into him.' The 'sting of conscience' in this material .form proved effectual, and the magistrate, who died honoured throughout Denmark, in three years turned an Alsatia into one of tho most orderly of communities. He could always got the truth.' . China and Russia.— The Turlcestan Gazette publishes intelligence from Werny, stating that last October fresh murders wore committed by Chinese in' the Hi territory, tho victims being two Cossacks and ono Russian commercial clerk,, who were tortured before being pub to death. Tho Russian consul in Kuldja, has oponod an investigation into the matter, ? and will request instructions from the Ministry for Foreign Affairs. It is added that increasing audacity is mani fested by the Chinese, and that the Russian frontier population are extremely exasperated, and threaten reprisals should the present state of things not be re medied. The Russian frontier guards have been reinforced. A Sign of the Times. — A scene of great activity was presented at the Market ' ? : . Wharf on 26th ult, coasting vessels, in many places lying alongside tho pier two deep.. For the most parb these orafta were loaded with timber, and the masters are: complaining of the inconvenience ' they-are put to through there not being ! ' auffidient drays in the' town to convey ' ' their cargoes from-' the wharf; This ''; appears to be a significant sign of the '???;[ times, and augurs that remarkably pros perous ' days are fast dawning ? in tho: ???? capital of the north; ' ' ' '?'''' ? Cure for Sea Sickness. — Mr. Ed- monson's letter recommending the use of bromide of sodium appears to have attracted some attention. A corres- pondent, signing himself ' Traveller,' says that he has found it admirable, not only for sea sickness, but also as a plea- sant sedative in long and tedious railway journeys. Another correspondent, who signs 'D. M. D. Harvey, Chemist and Medical Student,' says bromide, either of sodium or potassium, will prevent sea sickness, although the former is prefer able, being less liable to produce gastric disturbance. He recommends that it should bo procured in a fluid form. Yet another correspondent, who signs himself 'A Non-Sufferer,' writes :—' Another ' unfailing' specifio recommended by the Lancet is the nitrate of amyle, which is used by inhalation, from three to five drops being poured on a handkerchief through which the external air is inhaled. This simple operation at once checks and removes all unpleasant sensation in the stomach, and if after three or four hours there should be any return of uneasiness, it should be repeated.' / Death or a Tasmanian. — In our obituary column will be noticed the death of Mr. Stephen Cheek, at Queensland, of typhoid fever, on 17th inst. The deceased was the eldest surviving son of Mr. Thos. Cheek, farmer, of Westwood, a well known and highly respected colonist of many years standing. Mr. Stephen Cheek was formerly employed under the Board of Education as master of the public school at Rosevale, and afterwards at a southern school. A short time ago he crossed the Straits to the neighbouring colonies, after some little wandering eventually finding his way up into Queensland, where he met with his death as above described. Brewing Changes.— The old brewing business originally established in Hobart by the late Mr. John Walker, more than forty years ago, ha3 (states the Southern Star) passed from the family into the hands of Messrs. Syme and Co. , of the Cascade ; and the Artillery Brewery, higher up the Hobart Rivulet, has also passed from Mr. Gracie into the hands of the same enterprising firm. Mr. Gracie's old familiar face will be missed in his usual walks, whilst the name of the 'Walker family, which seemed inseparable from the old brewery, will henceforward be- sunk in that of our new comers, Messrs. Syme and Co. Tanning Material. — In reference to the remarks made by Mr. Justin Browne at the annual meeting of the Southern Tasmanian Agricultural and Pastoral So ciety, held on 21st ult, die following communication from Messrs. Latham and Co., dated Bombay, January 24, 1883, has been placed at the Mercury's com mand :— 'Doyougointo tanning material? Babool bark is inquired for your way, and: we are contracting for 1000 tons, owing to the high quotations for wattle bark in your market. If it is used in your island we shall be happy to quote to you.' 'Snake Poison. — Dead snakes are often carelessly handled by people who have a wholesome dread of the live reptile. The fact that the venom procured from the poison fang of a snike retains its virulence fora long time is perhaps not so widely known (says a Queensland exchange) as it i ? deserves to be. A well- known gentleman residing near Townsville has lately been a severe sufferer, either from an ignorance or forgetfulnesB of this fact. Mr. Itiley, manager of Mr. Stubley's Glencore Stud Farm, was demonstrating to some of his employes a few weeks ago the manner in which a suake injected its poison into anything it bit. He illustrated his theory with the aid of a recently killed snake, and the point of the small blade of 'his pocket knife. His scientific lecturebeing concluded he put his knife back in his pocket. Some hours afterwards, feeling distressed by a tickling sensation in hia ? ear, he opened his knife and used the point of the small blade to allay the irri tation by scratching. He unconsciously penetrated the skin, and inoculated him self with the venom' which had .evidently remained in a dry state on his knife. His sufferings for a time were very great, and the comatose state produced by the snake poisoning alarmed his friends consider ably. Medical assistance was at once pro cured and some relief afforded, but the case proved ao obstinate that Dr. Stanich, of Sydney, was consulted, and suitable remedies telegraphed. A singular feature in the case is the fact that by some extra ordinary means the poison was communi cated from one ear to the other, and both are now affected. German Opinion on Saws. — The German industrial papers have been dis cussing the question of the disadvantages of circular saws as compared with band' sawB : — 1, oircular saws are very dan gerous to the workmen ; 2, they require much greater power to drive them than any other kind ; 3, they make a much wider cut, producing more waste, and thus fewer products from a given amount of material. The only advantage is that the cost of procuring a circular saw is less than that of a band saw ; but, notwith ' standing, the Mechanics' Association of . Muehlhausen have already published in their -yearly report the advice to abolish their use, wherever it is practically possi ble to -Jo ;so; and this is, of course, the case 'in the great majority of circum stances. ? Tasmanians Abroad.— General regret will be expressed at the intelligence that Mr. Frank Allison, son of the late Mr. Wm. Race Allison, and one of our most promising Tasmanians in England, is seriously ill of pneumonic phthisis, and is not expected to recover. The sad intelligence reached his mother, Mrs. W. R. Allison, of Victoria Parade, b- the last English mail from Dr. Bluett, a fellow student of Mr. Allison, and who was assiduously attending him at Peak, in Staffordshire, and as may be imagined has proved a great shock to her, and though no telegram has reached her of her son's decease, the tone of the letter leaves no hope of a favourable turn for the better. Our readers will remember that some months ago we mentioned that Mr. Allison, who left here some four years ago to complete his studies for the medical profession, hud passed his final examination with credit at Edinburgh, but on account of ill- health would take a sea voyage before returning to Tasmania. He went as far as Rangoon, Burmah, and it appears that on the homeward voyage he took a severe cold, which settled on hiB lungs, and eventuated in consumption. Mrs. Allison heard from him regularly up to September last, when he was at Malta, expecting to reach Eng land in a fortnight, and from that date till the receipt oi Dr. Bluett's letter, dated January 12, she has been left in a painful state of uncertainty. From the promise of Mr. Allison's youth, he bid fair to follow in his father's footsteps, and .become an honour to the colony, and the losa — for it seems hopeless to look for his recovery — of so promising a young Tasmanian at the ewly age of ,23 is a matter for general regret. Of the blow that will follow on his sorrow? ing relatives we need only quote the words of Holy Writ, and say— 'He was the only son of his mother, and she was a widow.' . ? In a Shot Tower.— At the top of the towerthe lead is melted, and mixed with a certain quantity of arsenic. If no arsenic were used, each shot would have a little tail to it, but this, tempering of the lead enables it to take the spherical or round form. The only difference in the appearance of lead when mixed with arsenic is that it looks whiter. Having been properly tempered, the molten lead, is poured into an iron sievo or colander, which has been prepared with a coating of oxide of load at the bottom. This pre vents the melted mixture from running through too quickly. This sieve is in the little room at the top of the tower, but it is over an open trapdoor, and the shot falls down, down, down, whirling round in the air until it is much cooler before it drops into a large wooden barrel of cold water, which awaits it at the bottom. The water is always running, ao that it may not get hot. If the shot went straight into the water, boiling hot, a great many would fly out again. Then the long fall helps to give it the roundness necessary. When larger shot is being made the bar rel of water'is removed, and a trapdoor opened which leads to a well, 20ft. lower down, because the bigger the body of lead the longer it takes to cool. The water, is now drawn out of the barrel. A man gets inside and shovels the shot into a little truck, in which it is drawn to the drying chests. These are made of iron, and heated by steam, and as the shot lies on them it loses all dampness. Drunkenness an Excuse for Cbime. — -What]nonsense it is to talk of the- dis advantages of getting drunk (says a Lon don correspondent in the A rgus) when drunkenness is considered an excuse for every act of brutality. A gentleman last week rubbed a hot poker over his wife's throat and legs, as though it had been an embrocation. It was urged, however, in his defence, that it was done in a fit of 'the horrors,' under the. influence of which he had previously been fined for throwing boiling water over somebody else ; so that he only got six months' im prisonment. ? It never strikes the magis trate in such cases that the victims them selves have ' the horrors' under thia kind of treatment. The Immigration Agent. — Mr. F. Humphries, the immigration agent, re turned from the North- West Coast to Hobart on Saturday froni Evandale junc tion. On Tuesday he came up by the ex press train, and left next morning for a flying trip to Scottsdale and Branxholm. Mr. Humphries may have to leave for England earlier than he at first antici pated, and as he has yet to Visit the eastern and southern districts arid the Huon, his stay in each locality must necessarily be limited. The Steamer Austral. —Our Sydney telegrams atate that the preparations for raising the Orient steamer Austral, now sunk in Neutral Bay in Sydney Harbour, are complete, and a preliminary trial of the pumps was made' on Saturday. Wo shall, therefore, know in a_ day or two if this extensive undertaking is a success or not. From our files we learn that the coffer dam round the sunken vessel has been completed and covered with canvas; the pumps were all fitted in- their place by the 17th inst., and last week the' steamer Clarence was secured to do the pumping as she possessed the necessary boiler power, and connections having been' made the Clarence was taken along side the Austral, and. the pumps con nected with her machinery. A Corpse Coming to Life. — The question as to whether' premature burials of living persons are not more common than is generally imaginod has frequently been discussed (says the St. James's Gazette) ; and an incident reported in one of the New York papers is not calculated to relieve anxiety on this point. Mrs. W. L. Pettit, wife of the teller of the First National Bank- at Port Wayne, .apparently died, and the undertaker took charge of what was supposed to be her remains.' Arrangements were made for the funeral, and watchers were sitting with the body. At 10 o'clock at night the watohers started' to their feet in alarm on hearing a faint sigh, which thrilled through the room. It proceeded from Airs. Pettit, who a moment later was seen sitting up with her eyes open and . asking in an audible whisper for her husband. The attendants were first speechless with wonder, and then screamed with excitement. Their screams brought Mr. Pettit to the room in haste, and ' with joy unspeakable, he clasped again his living wife in his arms.' The doctor was sent for, and could not believe his eyes at beholding living what in his exact medical aoienco he had declared dead. HiB position was in fact an awk ward one ; but he seems to have made the best of the situation, for he ' adminis tered restoratives,', and Mrs. Pettit, by latest accounts, ' was never better in her life.' ?Liabilities for In j cry to Patients During Operation. — The, decision of Judge M'Adam in a recent suit before the Marine Court of New York, brought by Thomas J. Kelly against the dentist Col ton, to .recover for injuries caused by allowing a piece of tooth, which was being extracted, to drop down the plaintiff's throat while he was under the influence of laughing-gas, is one full of importance, riot only to dentists but to general sur geons as well. It is alleged that the piece of tooth slipped from the forceps, and for four weeks thereafter the plaintiff was troubled with a cough until he finally ex peotorated the piece. The Court held that while a patient was under the influ ence o fan anceathetio which deprived him of the use of his faculties, the operator was bound to exercise the highest professional skill and diligence to avoid every possible danger, and in this case it was the opinion of the Court that the circumstances shown wero sufficient to carry the case to the jury on the question of negligence. The judgment appealed from was in favour of the plaintiff for 600 dollars damages, and this judgment was affirmed by the present decision. The Author of ' Home Sweet Home.' — Mr. John Howard Payne, the author of 'Home Sweet Home,' 'that universally known song, whose sentiment and tender pathos have touched the heart of the Anglo-Saxon race throughout the' world, died at Tunis, Africa, where he was American consul, in 1852, and was buried there. On: January 5, by request of the United States Government, Mr. Payne's remains were removed from the Protestant cemetery, and shipped for America, to be reinterred at Washington. The music by Sir Henry Bishop helped to make ' Home Sweet Home' the uni versal favourite it has become. Prohpeot Band of Hope.— The usual monthly meeting of the above Band of Hope was held in the Prospeot Chapel on Friday evening, when there was a full at tendance, including a number of visitors from town and Hadspon. An interesting programme was rendered, conoisting of short but practical addresses by Mr. James Goodger, chairman, and Mr. Thomason, Wesleyan bush missionary ; and dialogues, recitations, and Songs by the members, given in a pleasing manner. A most enjoyable evening was brought to a close about 9;30. This band holds its meetings regularly, and already good results from such are apparent. Wattles and Blackwood. — An open ing presents itself to selectors and others (says the Colac Reformer) owning land upon which wattles and blackwoods are growing of turning these timbers to more profitable account than merely using them for firewood. A great demand exists in Melbourne for staves for casks and barrels, and the tress above-mentioned are of the greatest use for this purpose. The wattle is said to be superior to oak for a great many descriptions of staves, as if possesses the remarkable quality of never rotting while under water ; in fact, hardening the longer it is submerged. The blackwood is also a splendid wood for staves, as it splits very easily to any thickness, but it requires [a course of pre paration by steeping in a running Btream, to rid it of the dye it contains, and make it available for butter tubs or beef casks. This is a matter which it would be well for farmers having the desired trees on their land to see to, as they have a splendid opportunity of opening up a re munerative trade without any extensive outlay being required. - A Cab on Fire. — It is somewhat un usual to see a cab on fire. Such, how ever, might be seen the other evening in Elizabeth-street, Melbourne, as a North Carlton cabman drove his load, of passen gers along the road, ignorant of the. fact that the roof was one sheet of flames. The lamp on the top of the vehicle had in Bonne unaccountable manner caught fire. On some pedestrians calling attention to the, affair the flames were bpeedily ex. tinguiahed. Excise Proceedings in Melbourne. — Proceedings are being instituted by the excise department against one of the largest wine and spirit merchants in Mel bourne for selling inferior spirits in casks bearing the name and trade mark of Mar tell and Co., thB well-known distillers. Inspector Roche has been engaged in getting up evidence in Maryborough, Sandhurst, and Melbourne. The case will come on for hearing in Melbo.urne during the coming week. — Bendigo In dependent, Feb. 20. A Defaulter. — Detectives Potter and Mahony arrested George Clarke, sub treasurer and olerk of the County Council of Vincent, at Clyde, in the province of Otago, N.Z., at Melbourne on 14th inst., says the Argus, on a provisional warrant under the Fugitive Offenders Act, on a charge of embezzling various sums, amounting in all to upwards of £480, the moneys of the Council. It appears that on the auditors examining the Council's books on the 13th of November last they discovered that a sum of £5 had been misappropriated ,on the 28th of June, 1882, and on a further investigation being made a number of more seriouB defici encies wore found, amounting in all to the sum stated. The accused absconded about the time of the discoveries being made, and on the matter being reported to the New Zealand police, it was ascer tained that he had shaven his beard and whiskers, and made his way to the Bluff, where he obtained a passage to Melbourne in one of the intercolonial steamers. The detectirea in question succeeded in trac ing the accused, and effected his arrest in Collins-street, and placed him in the city lockup. The accused was brought before the City Court next day, and formally remanded, pending the receipt of the original warrant and depositions with an officer from New Zealand. Served Him Right. — At the Kew Court on the 14th inst. (says the Argm), John N. Sergeant, more generally known ia connection with the Exhibition cater ing, was charged with using profane language. Mr. J.. J. Walsh was the only justice on the bench, Sergeant having made things so unpleasant for others who have previously adjudicated on cases in which he has been concerned that there is a great disinclination on the part of the local magistracy to have anything to do with him. Mr. Molesworth appeared for the prosecution. From the evidence it seems that on the evening of the 7th inst. Sergeant went to Holy TrinityOhurch while service was being conducted by the Rev. Canon Vance, with a butcher's saw and an old revolver in his hands. He took a seat, but as soon as the sermon com menced, ejaculated, ' For God's sake, shut up,' 'It's a lie,' 'Change the text,' and kept up a string of similar remarks during the whole of the sermon. The police were sent for, but he passed out by a side door. He was fined £7, or two months' imprisonment, and on a second charge of being in possession of a dangerous weapon in a public place, was fined £1, or one week. The pistol was harmless. Sergeant went to gaol. An Extraordinary Affair is reported to have, occurred at Greenville, North Carolina. It appears that a large number of bales of cotton had been received there from Bell's Ferry, and in one of them, when being cut open for examination, was found the body of a negro, pressed almost out of shape. Inquiries were at once made, and the body was ultimately recog nised as that of a coloured man named James Bradley, of Bell's Ferry. Bradley, it was stated, was about to get married to a young woman from Pitt's County, when two women turned up and claimed him as their husband, and each had a child in her arms, of which they said Bradley was the fatKer. Bradley thereupon ran into a cotton gin-house while the labourers were at dinner, and nothing more was seen of him until his body was found as stated. It was thought at first that he had been thrown into the press by one of the labourers, but an investigation showed that this supposition was not tenable, and all the facts pointed to the conclusion that, in a fit of despair, the unfortunate fellow had thrown himself into one of the partially filled presses, during the absence of the workmen, and had been pressed to death. An Important Decision' to Brokers and Clients. — An action, was tried in the County Court, Melbourne, before Judge Cope, on February 19th, resulting in a decision of some importance to brokers and their clients. The plaintiff, Alfred Bliss, an auctioneer, had had placed in his hands for sale aome property belong ing to the defendant, a Mr. Withers, no reaerve being fixed. The defendant aub aequently sold the property himself to a purchaser, who had riot been obtained by the plaintiff. Bliss sued to recover one half commission, but the judge decided that he was not entitled to more than his actual expenses, and accordingly entered a nonauit. Mr. Hood appeared for the plaintiff ; Mr. Box for the defendant. The Oil Remedy at Sea.— The ship Nineveh, Captain Ohilow, arrived at Sydney on February 19 from Puget Sound with a cargo of timber. Sheen countered a terrific gale on Christmas Day, .and was in much danger for a time until the new system of ? throwing oil on the water was resorted to. This had im mediate and-woncferful success in keeping dbwti' heavy seas. A Clear Proof of Lunacy,!— The Echuca correspondent of the Argils states that a Mr. Charles Schieblich, a can-, didateforthe representation of Rodney has been, at the instance of his wifey charged with being of unsound mind, the principal faot in support of the charge being that he had nominated for the constituency named ! As Dr. Orossen stated that Schieblich was then in one of his lucid intervals, the Bench remanded him for further medical examination.' The Tailoresses' Strike. — The Age states that the long continued strike amongst the factory women appears to be . steadily approaching a definite termina tion. A conference between the em- ? ployea and employers took place on the 21st inat.j which resulted in a' number of the principal firms consenting to adopt the union log of prices, and next, day, ,' in accordance with the wishes of those employers who consented . to the log prices, the women re commenced work, and although, the exapt number who did so cannot yet be ascer- ^ tained, it is estimated that out of the J200 who were on strike 700 have now gone back to their duties. The principal ' firms who atillreaiat the demanda of their : employes are Messrs. Bowley, Son and Daughters, Messrs. Oakley and Co. and Messrs. Friedman and Davis. About 500 girls still remain out, and if their em ployers refuse to adopt the log prices the strikers will be supported by the union, the funds of which are at. present in a satisfactory condition. , , - ?? Mr. R. Brough Smyth's Appointment ; at the Sandhurst School of 'Mines. — The Melbourne Leader of February is rather rough on Mr. Brough Smyth. It says— The appointment of Mr.R. Brough . Smyth to be director and ourat'or. of the ' Sandhurst School of Mines, with a salary ? of £600 a year, is not likely to pass un noticed or unanswered.' Mr. Brough . Smyth has been a fortunate but riot a buc- ???' cessful man. He owed his first appoint- ?;; . . ment to the forced retirement — due, ^ ; by- the by, to Mr. Smyth's underhand ,. manoeuvres — of Mr. Selwyn, the 'best geologist the country ever had, from the Government service. After administering the department for some years, Mr. Smyth was dismissed in 1876 at the recom- , , mendation of a board presided, over by Mr. James Service. The charge ' substantiated against him was of groBS .; ?' tyranny in his conduct to. his subordi- ? nates ; and the evidence showed that Mr. ? Brough Smyth was something more than a mere martinet, and. tried to break the spirit of all his subordinates. Presently ,i Mr. Smyth transferred his energies to' India,*jand succeeded, by a series of ????' highly coloured reports, in attracting a great deal of capital to the goldfields there. The result thus far appears to have been a loss of about £4,000,000. In one case £70,000 was slink, with the result of .only 7oz. being extracted in three yeare, and even the mine of which. Mr. Smyth was seoretary has been un successful like the rest. Mrs. Gladstone and the Young.— ' In a preface to a new edition of 'Early ., Influences,' Mrs. Gladstone offers some v observations on the training of the young. Mrs. Gladstone says it is 'the step' by step training — the learning a child's die-1 r position by means of hourly watchfulness — whioh is too often neglected ;' and she . ? ,? directs attention to ' the way in whibh children are often over-noticed and over- -??: petted, and considered in every conceiv- , able way ; and again, the dangers attend- \ ing the very advantages of charming by interesting books.' All this, she adds, ' unless regulated and checked by proper home influence, may become an actual snare. So much the more is it necessary that, from very early , childhood, the mother should guide and shape the child's ; mind and heart.' : ? . . . , : . Masonic. — At the regular monthly meeting of the Lodge of Perfect Una nimity,No.660, S.O. , on Monday evening^ the R.W.M. (Bro. W. Aikenhead) on be half of the officers and other members presented Brother Past Master M. E^ Robinson with a handsome Past Master's % jewel as a slight tokon of their apprecia tion of the valuable services rendered by him to the Lodge, of which he was the . . first Worshipful Master. The jewel, which is of gold, attached to a crimson ? ?? ribbon, bore a, suitable inscription, with ??'? the date of presentation. The R. W.M.: , also desired Brother Robinson to., convey. ..,'.;? to Mrs. Robinson the thanks of the mem- ,.. bers for the many kindly offices rendered, to the Lodge by that lady. Brother Robinson, who had evidently been taken ; ?? . by surprise, replied in feeling and appro. '; priate terms, and expressed the great . pleasure he had derived from being con- ? nected with a Lodge which was so pros perous, and in which all worked so har^ ., raorii ously. . .'.'?': United Friendly Societies.— -The programme of the sports in connection with the Southern United Friendly Socie- ''- ties' Demonstration, to be held at the. Elwick racecourse on Easter Monday, March 26, is published. Nominations . for handicap events close on March 3, :: and handicaps will be declared on March . 10\. Northern entriea and nominations will be received by Mr. W. Fletcher, at , , ' the Workmen's Club, on March 3rd, up to 9 p.m. ? ' n '..'?; ?' At the- sohool age girls are found,, according to the tables, to. be superior ,' to boys in point o£ elementary insttuc- '' tion. x ( ' ? ,? ' Pjjn!riNENT, Building Society. — From the r^ort of the annual meeting of this ? Societr,' which appear* in another column, it wty be aeon that a very important alteraion has been made in the working of the Northern Tasmanian Permanent Build- ing aid investment Society. On the recom- mendation of the directors it waa decided to introduce the mutual benefit prinoiple, by wjich borrowors will participate with inveaoro in the annual profits. Thia attention, which cannot fail to make the SocieJy much more popular, will take effeoj immediately, and , will apply to curroit policies from the commencement of thi present year as well as to those that may bo issued hereafter. Any f urtler information may be obtained from Mr. James Steer, the Secretary. LAUNCESTON General Hospital.— Dr. L. G. Thompson, the Surgeon-Superin- tendent, reports the following deaths as having occurred in the Hospital during February : — Eva Ashton, aged 18, native of Tasmania, of enteric fever, on Feb. 3. Denis Sullivan, aged 73, native of Ire- land, of exhaustion, on Feb. 4 Peter Johnson, aged 60, native of Sweden, of heart disease, on Feb. 14. James Young, aged 67, native of England, of heart diseaae, on Feb. 23. Kate Abberton, aged 12, native of Tasmania, of enteric fever, on Feb. 22. Ann Lawrence, aged 60, native of England, of cancer, on Feb. 27. George Green, aged 60, native of England, of cancer, on Feb. 26. Treatment of Snake-bite by Per- manganate of Potash. — As Mr. John Hall waa loading up his wheat on Tues- day morning, a rabbit leaped from one of the sheavea and made for a burrow close by. Mr. Hall caught it, and stooping groped with a stick in the burrow, but quickly withdrew, as a snake with an angry hiss fastened on the ball of his thumb. Mr. Hall shouted for a spade, and speedily dug out two full-grown snakes and killed them. He then tied a ligature round his arm, and beginning to feel very queer, he was driven to Longford as quickly as possible. Dr. Mason cut the bite, freely applying to it permanganate of potash. He then opened one of the veins at the elbow, and injected into it some of the permanganate, giving ammonia and brandy internally at short intervals. Mr. Hall was very sick and drowsy during the day, and had to be kept walking about with short intervals of rest. The remedies used seemed to have a decided effect, and though Hall was not so well during the night, he returned home on Wednesday, as the doctor thought him out of danger. The Oil Remedy at Sea. — Another proof of the efficiency of oil in calming the troubled waters is furnished by Captain G. Weber, of the ketch De Witt, which recently left Launceston for Trial Harbour heavily laden with machinery. Captain Weber writes to a friend in town :— ' On Sunday morning, the 18th February, we were off Mount Heemskirk, but there being a heavy sea running, they hoisted a signal to stand off, so we had to run for Macquarie Harbour, and before entering, we experienced one of the heaviest squalls I have ever been caught in. But the little craft stood it like a true little sea boat that she is, though she had only nine inches of a side. We got in all right, though there was a fearful break on the bar. We had to use oil to deaden the sea, this plan proving a most successful remedy for breakers.' New Fire-bell Tower.— We under- stand that an appeal will be made to the public, .for funds to carry .up the fire-bell: tower in1 course of erection to.' a' further '. height ofWo storeyB., The sum required is £160,' and of this amount one gentle man 'has promised £20. It '- would be a pity to let the present opportunity pass, as: an extra, twenty feet would give ; much greate^ command of the town,,. both for the purpose of observation and alarm. Raising op the Austral. — After being submerged in 45ft. of water in Neutral Bay at Sydney for about three months and a half, the Austral has at length been safely raised. It will be remembered that on the 11th of November, while the vessel was being loaded with coal, she canted over, and her ports being open the water rushed in and she sank, at her moorings. Sevoral lives were lost, and in the ensuing inquest the captain and ohief officer were blamed for being both absent from the vessel while coaling. A coffer dam was built around the vessel, the water, pumped out, and yesterday she floated, waB towed up Neutral Bay and beached for repairs. When raised she waa covered with mud, and. presented a deplorable appearance, but the divers could discover no appearance of leakage. The estimates for raising and repairing the vessel run as high as £50,000, but she is heavily insured. The enquiry as ' to the cause of her capsizing is to be held in England. . M'Ewan's Alb. — Messrs. Ferguson, and Co., of Hobart, announce that they are importers of this celebrated Scotch ale, and that they always keep a supply on hand. It certainly is a delicious beer ? bright, brisk, and fine flavoured, with a rich aroma of hops. Of the numerous brands that find their way to this market we have not met with one that is more agreeable to the palate than this. BIHabvest servioes will be hold at St. Marys' Church, Hagley, on Sunday next, morning and evening, when the offerings will bo devoted to the Endowment Fund. . ? ''? ' A' meeting of perBonB interested in the for mation ofa Racing Club is called for. the 9th , ' Marohjat'the Ellesmere Hotel, Scottsdale. A Narrow Escape. — An accident which might have terminated fatally hap pened on Tuesday (states the Devon Herald) to S. Kelcey, Esq. It appears that he was superintending some alter ations at his flour mill at Spreyton, when he fell through a trap-door into, a punt lying beneath the elevator outside the mill. He sustained some injuries to his head and about the body, with of course a severe shaking, but was able to get about again during the day. . ;, . Fashionable Wedding. — At St. Mark's, Sydney, on 24th January, Mr. Arthur Henry Savage was united to Miss Florence Carey, ? youngest daughter: of Charles Gedge, Esq., Eastbourno, Darling Point, and niece of Mr S. H. Wintle, F.L.S., of Tasmania. The petite bride wore a superb white satin dress with broohd front made plain with the exception of a fan-shaped flounce and very long train, and the skirt so tightly drawn in that-the journey up the aisle required much time and care;: Three of the bridesmaids, Misses Minnie Gedge, Milne, and Roxborough, wore handsome dresses of pink satin body, pointed side drapery, showing pretty front skirt of white India muslin of numerous flounces each edged with lace, long train, wreath of pink and white daisies, and each , young lady carried a bouquet. Two little maids, Misses Mildred and Lulu Finlay, ^ were simply olad ?in white India muslin and laco pink sashes, silk stockings: and shoes, and. carried gilded basketa' of ferna and flowers. Mrs. Gedge's, dress was a magnificent combination of peach-satin and brooade with long train, bonnet en suite ; and Mrs. Finlay's was cream-satin long sweeping train, pretty brown bonnet. Lady Robertson wore black moire and cream bonnet, and Mrs. Roxborough a handsome black satin, trimmed with steel passementerie. Mrs. Bouverie's short droBS of peach-satin and plush was pretty and stylish. Mrs. A. Le Pasteronel wore black and white striped satin. Other costumes among the many, rich ones' exhibited in the church were a fine cream silk with cardinal trimmings, and bonnet to match, on a tall dark lady. Anarch in front of the altar was decorated with Christmas-bush ferns arid lilies, and a, lady played remarkably well oh the organ, . The bandsmen of the permanent Artillery, of which the bridegroom is; a .lieutenant, played during the eveningat Eastbourne, where the breakfast' wW\ held. ? ..' . ' ,'.','.: .-,.' V, The Late Mr.' Allison.— A. telegram, received by Mrs. Wm. ? Race . Allison on Wednesday' conveyed the sad intelligence of the death of her son, Mr.'F. W. ,S.' Allison, on 31st January, at the residence, of Dr. Blett, at Leek, Staffordshire. 'i.The following lines/written by Mr.AUiBon on 9th September, 1877, seem to foreshadow the . sad event that has. : now' taken place' :? — , . . : ? : . . '- s . And I've been spared until the last, ' Though' longed for, death'has by me pasBed ; '? : It maj be. 'twas in mercy— for ' ' ? They all have reaohed that loved shore, ' ' ; ; And are now prepared to welcome me l ' , When my soul wings thither across the sea. : My body 'must lie in this desolate spot — ? 'Tis a beautiful isle, but a home it is not; But .my heart already has phased before, ' i And it beokons my soul to Tasmania's shore;' ' , . ,?'''. —Communicated. ?- I Bazaar.— The bazaar on behalf of the, parsonages at Beaconsfield and Scotts dale willbe held in Launceaton on ? April) 4th, 5th, and 6th; ; The subscription 'list' for these, parsonages is still open, arid iArohdeacon Hales announces -that -he, will acknowledge anysums forwarded in the: .Church News. \ ? -. ?-??'.. . ., -,?? ? ??? ? Town Park.:— Tho following additions have been made to the collection . of animals in the Town Park-:— Two brush' kangaroos, presented by Mrv,0. W.; Allen,; Harvey Dale, Westbiiry ; a ^porcupine'/: from Mr J. R. Smyth, Latrobaj and a Tasmanian devil, from Messrs T, G; James and J. Johnson, West Tamar/;Vl , Thompson's Diorama. — Thompson's , collossal mirror of the Zulu war will o'pen' for a second season in Launceston at the Oddfellows' Halloa Tuesday next. As the diorama is a really good one, and the gifts given away in connection witfrthe enter tainments being for the most part of a valuable character, there will doubtless be no lack of patronage at the exhibition each evening. ' : ?: Tint Mechanics'. Institute Art Classes. — We- understand that through some misunderstanding with the Com mittee, the drawing classes which Mons. F. Maurice is endeavouring to establish in connection with the Mechanics' Institute will have to be held on Mondays and Thursdays instead of Mondays and Fridays as at first intended. 