THROUGH TASMANIA, No. 48. [BY OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT.] Seven miles over an irregular country, with a mean slope easterly, brings the traveller from Inglewood to Stonehenge, the property of Mr. Sydney Page, a gentleman known as a consistent lover of equine sports from boy- hood. A decently good road is found part of the way, on which workmen are em- ployed, and leads through frequent sinuous valleys with good bottom, between ridges, as a whole lightly timbered, and carrying ex- cellent pasture. Some valleys are of fair extent, and in time to come will probably be populated by fruit growers and small dairy farmers, a combination that will work well as demand increases by the opening of other markets. With an island so emi- nently adapted for supplying the Indian market with butter, cheese, bacon, and pre- served milk, it seems singular that Conti- nental Europe should enjoy all the trade. We are only about 17 steam days from Bombay, and have no Suez Canal dues as a handicap. Few of our farmers possess the right sort of earth for profitable dairy farm- ing, or, if they do, take the care of them, housing and feeding, that the Flemish, Danish, or Swiss do ; and, until they follow suit, cannot compete. Recent numbers of the American Agriculturist speak of Jersey cattle, which yield thrice the butter our average cattle do. A tax on bulls over 12 months old will be one step in the right direction. A barren ironstone divide separates the belt known as the Eastern Marshes from a similar chain which extend from behind Tunnack, and continue through Stonehenge toward the sea. This barren tract is covered with a species of eucalyptus some- thing between a peppermint and stringy bark ; but in conformation like the cypress, making as mournful a looking forest as is to be seen anywhere. I expected to see a string of mourning coaches led by a hearse at every opening. Up to Inglewood, coming east, the water flows westerly, but takes the opposite direction there. Beyond the iron- stone country, a capital natural road, which is about a mile wide, the soil changes, and, by a rapid descent, one of the chain of marshes opens out, three or four hundred acres in size, carrying an abundance of natural grasses, and intersected by frequent water channels. The land round is rocky and high, giving the impression that a sub- sidence had at some period taken place and a lake formed, which again had drained, leav- ing the even bottom. Numerous young cattle and sheep depasture over it by day, and at night find warm shelter among the groves of trees on the surrounding rises. A very compact dairy and fattening farm could be here created, which, by either excavated or dyked canals cut straight, would drain perfectly in winter and irrigate in summer. The depth and richness of soil also gives ample latitude for the crops needful to maintain stock in first rate order. On the further bank is a large outcrop of fossil limestone dipping into the bank at an angle of 20deg. with the plane of the surface, the layers standing boldly prominent, easy for quarrying. It is literally full of shells, principally escallops, oysters, and cockles of large size, much like those in the sandstones of Bellerive, and there are bunches of coralline substances full of more minute shells and of crustaceans. The sea has been here. Lady Franklin spent part of a day at this quarry collecting specimens, and I, following so illustrious an example, got same too, which will be sent to the Hobart Museum. Lime burned from this stone is strong and good, as, in- deed, it ought to be from its components, and no better proof is needed than Stone- henge house and outbuildings, in the erec- tion of which it was used solely for cement- ing and plastering. Between the courses it has set like the stone itself, and within not a crack is visible in wall or ceil- ing. There is a disused kiln close by the quarry, the distance from centres where building material is in demand being a barrier to its profitable working. Less than a mile, across undulating ground, and the home paddocks of Stonehenge come in sight at the junction of three chains of broad valleys, the point of the junction being the site chosen for the central figure of the estate, a stone mansion on rising ground, commanding a lake-like expanse of almost level ground, coursed by winding streams and margined by high hills, all more or less densely timbered. Looking eastward this plain follows the base outlines of the hills, widen- ing and drawing in, and in rear of projecting points reaching back in deep, embayed sub- valleys, ending in gullies and ravines, fringed by rich vegetation, and frequently having cascade streams pouring from them. Straight in front are over 1,200 acres of clear, level land, divided into paddocks, for the most part containing just a few trees for sheltering stock, which add greatly to the beauty of the landscape. In the extreme distance the mountain filling assumes a deep velvety blue, which dissipates, as the eye ranges to the foreground, right and left, into the dark olive of our native foliage, both in marked contrast with the green pasture of early summer or stubbly white over green of this season. On the right rear flank a narrower chain of marshes reach back to the Bluff near Tun- nack, and again following the Tiers and divided by narrow ridges, are the Tinpot Marshes, also fertile valleys of considerable extent. The whole of this section of country seems like a hundred detached lake bottoms of varied sizes, dotted about the sides of what were broad rivers and estuaries at some former time, bounded by rugged hills, with an easterly strike. Many of the hill sides are extremely fertile, and so rise in terraces, others again are stony and poor. The whole 1,200 acres seen from the front of Stonehenge house is fit for the plough, and much has been cultivated, as also have parts of the rear valleys. Mr. Page has leased the major part of the property (17,500 acres) to Mr. Erskine Parker for pastoral purposes for a term, reserving only 613 acres near the homestead. He has also about 500 acres of' lagoons, reclaimed, and in process, three miles away. These were formerly known as Hobbs' Lagoons. This addition of an area of valuable land to that of the country, land that when under water was worse than useless, for it engendered the fluke in sheep, is a specially interesting matter, and should stimulate action in other directions where similar conditions exist to what did here formerly ; Lake Tiberias, the immense waste of lagoons near Longford, Lake Dulverton, etc., for example. Objec- tions are advanced against draining these, on the ground they supply certain rivers, which would fail but for what they reserve, in summer ; but Mr. Page's work has produced a contrary effect. It is apparent only the overflow gets to the rivers at all, the residue stagnat- ing, echaling miasma, and fostering fluke both around the margins and in the pools reached by the overflow. By drainage the rainfall is not decreased a drop, but set in motion, and sent down stream uniformly. The largest lagoon contains 320 acres, and has 12 miles of large drains in the sur- rounding, bisecting, and get away, and the other lagoons, respectively 108 and 50 acres, a like proportion complete and in progress. The total cost of the re- clamation is estimated at £6 per acre complete, cost, fencing and sowing included. The get away canal is 15 chains long, 16ft. wide on top, and varies from 10 to 12 or 15ft. deep. The main canal down the centre is about a mile and a quarter long, 8ft. wide, and 6ft. deep, and the surrounding one a little over three miles long. In cutting the get away, rock was met of great hardness, so shafts were sunk, and fortunately a way was found clear of it. The 108 acre lagoon is close by the 320, on a step or terrace 8 to 10ft. higher than the latter the water therefore flows away with mill-race velocity. With regard to fertility, the largest lagoon is completely drained, the rushes have been burned, and it is sown with grass and rape, which are coming up nicely between the young rush shoots not destroyed by the fire. A little later it is intended to sow another half bushel of grass per acre, as the former sowing, owing to extreme drought, did not all spring. The men at one part sowed a few vegetable seeds among ashes where the turf had ignited from their dinner fire, and burned out. The growth was great, two of the turnips having reached 18lb. and 23lb. respectively, and other vegetables similar proportions. Part of the land is to be sown broadcast with mangolds similar to what was done on a swamp reclaimed by Mr. Burbury at Fonthill, where a prodigious crop followed, estimated at nearly 100 loads per acre. There is no doubt but this re- claimed land is of the greatest value for grazing and fattening, and will be irrigated when needed by the mere stoppage of a flood gate or two. Kangaroo are plentiful about the new reclamation, though we only saw one in a gully nearby. When the fences are up snaring will thin them. I saw no rabbits in the dozen miles and odd I walked and rode over the pro- perty, the native cats and other carnivora probably being too keen for bunny, neither could I hear of any hares. It is unnecessary to detail the mount pro- vided by Mr. Sydney Page or his own, because it is pretty well known there is no room at Stonehenge for anything but good horseflesh, or, to put it another way, he knows a good horse ; but doesn't know an indifferent one—long. The Lilliputian, his little son rode, "Commodore Nutt," is a symmetrical grey pony entire, as old-fashioned as the hills, the most know- ledgeable little customer outside of a circus. After a good look at the reclamation works we rode to the top of a stony hill, and had a bird's-eye view of the neighbourhood, in- cluding the Y-like valley, with homestead and gardens in the distance, standing at the apex where it divides. Stonehenge homestead, with its compact out-buildings, as stated, stands on the slope of a point at the junction of three valleys, like beds of rivers of considerable breadth, the largest, that going east, about a mile and a half wide. The point is the termination of a ridge of minor hills, in rear, and in western aspect assumes a somewhat pyramidal shape, with rounded top, and makes a very complete background, to the buildings, gardens, and orchard at its base. It is about 200ft. high, from level of plain below to summit, the latter being crowned by jutting outcrops of grey granite. On the northern side where a little excava- tion has been done, large bodies of milk- white crystalline rock are exposed, evidently largely composed of carbonate of lime and silica, and closely resembling marble. Across fractures it exhibits many beauti- ful combinations of adhering crystals, and in its immediate neighbourhood are ironstones, the oxides from which stain the outer surfaces. A rockery and fern grotto are projected, and, the material being ample and close, I dare say it will be of con- siderable size. From the sides of a shaft which has been sunk, large blocks project, and if a stone sawing plant were handy, there would be no difficulty in block- ing out pedestals or cutting it into tiles for hall and conservatory floors. The house is a plain, modern, two- storey structure of large dimensions, built of freestone that was quarried close by, a stone which appears to be of splendid qua- lity both for working and probable dura- bility. A spacious verandah and balcony go round two sides of the building, and at the side ends terminate on both stories in conser- vatories. Mr. Henry Hunter designed it, and it was built under his supervision by Mr. Joseph Hawkes. In rear of the house is a stone building, roofed like it with slate, which is the tank or reservoir for water storage. It is probably the largest one, attached to a private house, in the colony, having a stor- age capacity for 20,000gal., and at one end the building has been continued beyond the tank retaining wall, and partitioned by a longitudinal wall into two rooms, the dairy and meat store. I don't remember many tanks built thus above ground in this country, but it is an excellent plan. The internal arrange- ments of the dwelling are in keeping with external appearances, and embrace all modern conveniences. There is an ample garden and shrubbery in front and on two sides of the house, enclosed within an ornamental fence, painted white, within which is a hedge of pitorporum something like a curly- leaved laurel. Mr. Page brought the plants from Melbourne. He has recently laid out a hedge of African box thorn, which, when grown, will form a dividing hedge be- tween garden and shrubbery, and, continuing both sides, the walk opens out again and em- brace the kitchen garden. The kitchen garden, is in admirable order, and well laid out, and adjoins an orchard of four acres, containing 700 trees, the majority apple, but having an agreeable variety in pears, peaches, plums, apricots, etc. This orchard and garden is five years old, and while the latter, under the care of a young man who has the deserved approbation of his master, produces all in the way of small fruit and vegetables required by a large establishment and to spare, the former is beginning to get in shape as a producer of additional income. Besides the attention requisite for four acres of orchard and one and a quarter or so of kitchen garden, every foot being laid out and producing, the gardener keeps the flower garden and shrubbery in a state of perfect neatness, and I am very proud to be able to compliment him as one of the few we have who can beat a Chinaman in this particular branch of usefulness ; indeed, I think he can beat three of our Celestial brethren with a heavier weight up and give them a clear distance. I saw Stonehenge five years ago in the unfinished stage, and therefore am able to contrast its then appearance with its present, so very complimentary to the organising faculty exhibited by the owner and people employed who have wrought the change. All this and the work out at the Lagoons have involved outlay, but it is satis- factory to know that it will return many times over. All outbuildings are suitably placed, in the same order as the house, and all over there is an appearance of neatness and freedom from ramshackle old dens of slab and paling on heaps of rubbish. The stable stands on the same level as the house a few chains to the right. It is a large plain stone building in keeping with the sur- rounding, and has six box size stalls one side, and loose box, groom's and harness room at one end, and a large loft above, part being divided by a permanent wall as a fruit storeroom. The rear half is taken up by carriage house, other loose boxes, etc. A public road leading one way to Tunnack and Oatlands, and the other to Eastern Marshes, etc., passes through the property and by the front garden fence. The other side this road, in the first pad- dock of the extending plain, and conse- quently in full view of the house, there is a racing oval of three-quarters of a mile, pro- nounced by "Augur," of the Australasian, to be a perfect little course, laid out on scientific principles. The Queen, two brood mares, Bashful and Parthenia, and a youngster of Bashful's, constitute the racing stud at home. Bashful is by Horatio out of Birthday by Panic out of Modesty, a mare that won 33 races in Tasmania. Bashful won the Maiden Plate at Colebrook on Prince of Wales' Birthday, 1879, stealing the victory from a field of six, and also scored several other wins as a 2yr. and 3yr.-old. Her youngster is by Albert, brother of Commotion, and she is in foal now to The Assyrian. The Queen is 5yrs. old, bred by Mr. A. K. Finlay, of Glenormiston, and was purchased by " Augur" as a yearling for Mr. Syd. Page. She was described in Youille's catalouge as a chesnut filly by King Cole, dam Truga- nina, by Fisherman out of Lady Elizabeth (imp.) by De Ruyter, ggd by Birdcatcher, out of Retrospect, by Cetus or Rowton out of Pas- time by Partisan, etc. She goes back on the sire's side to equally celebrated progeni- tors, and shares largely in the Stockwell strain. She has figured as a winner :— January, 1881, as a 2yr.-old, Maiden Plate, Elwick ; Green Ponds Cup, December, same year ; Goodwood and Weld Stakes, Elwick, 1882 ; Free Handicap, Launceston, same year, beating Sunset and others ; Brighton Handicap, beating Meander and Sunset, and carrying 8st, 2lb. same year, and Stewards' Cup, Elwick, 1883, carrying 10st. 12lb. She was ridden by Mr. C. S. Agnew to victory this time, and scored a win met by enthusiastic acclamation. The beautiful silver claret jug and cups repre- senting the laurels won are in Mr. Page's dining-room, splendid expositions of the silversmith's art, being chased and graven with numerous peculiarly Tasmanian em- blems and representations of our best known fauna and flora. Mr. Agnew was the winner, but generously presented them to the mare's owner, who appreciates them most highly. Queen's other wins were the Alexandra Plate at the same meeting with Stebbings in the saddle, beating Rhesus, Don Quixote, and others, Consolation Stakes, Sorell, Goodwood, 1884, and Conso- lation at Elwick winter meeting. She has thus put to her credit eleven races and justly merits the name of racehorse, en- dorsing in every particular the remark in " Augur's" letter informing of the purchase that she has the bluest of blue blood in her veins, and though her bone may appear slight, it is of excellent quality. The con- stant hard work she has had has not told on her legs, for as she stands quietly in her stall they are clean right down and no sign of puffiness about the joints. Her winter coat being on she is not in her ball-room beauty, but looks well, and is kind as a pet rabbit. There is a curious black patch on the near side of her buttock, otherwise she is chestnut all over of the Blair Athol shade, though without the white patchy face he had. Along the line of fences and in the shrubbery are numerous pines planted at the time of Grand Flaneurs win of the Mel- bourne Cup. A few in the kitchen garden, each side gateways, etc., have attained ad- vanced growth as compared with those else- where. More tree planting is contemplated, so in years to come we may be prepared to find Stonehenge embowered in trees like Brickenden, Entally, Panshanger and other beautiful places about Longford. On the 613 acres reserved as a home farm, all subdivided by stout post and rail, or wire and toprail fences, sheep and cattle are de- pastured, and a moderable amount of culti- vation done, about 80 acres wheat and oats, and 30 of turnips this year, though the seed is not in yet, this being a late part. Turnips, of course, go in at the end of December, 120 acres of grass is sown and to be sown also, exclusive of the 320 acres lagoon. The shearing sheds and suitable paddocks are at shearing time available for the lessee of the run. Neither this gentleman nor his over- seer were at home when I called at the farm, therefore I am unable to give, otherwise than approximately the flocks and herds he runs ; but I believe something like 12,000 sheep and 600 or 700 head of cattle are on the lease. Mr. Page has a pure Leicester flock of 110 of the Esk Vale strain, and 400 crossbreds, 50 head of cattle and 20 horses. I omitted to ascertain if this latter number in- cludes Commodore Nutt and a wee pony by him, or whether taking the Immigration Agent's method he counts them as one statute adult. In a comfortable cottage close to the house there is an old gentleman who has been with the Page family over 40 years. He is a rouse about useful man on the place, among the animals and poultry, and on certain days is master of the bake- house. I hardly think he would be clear, if asked, whether he belonged to Stonehenge, or it belongs to him. In his eyes the sons of the late Mr. Page are boys. These marshes in time past were resorts of the aboriginals as proved by occasional relics found, among others a waddy, not long since, while clearing out a waterhole, and Mr. Sydney Page has a shield curiously carved out of Tasmanian blackwood, but this came from Kelvin Grove. After a pleasant stay from Saturday to Monday morning I wished the family "good bye," and was accompanied by my host as far as the farm. Crossing a paddock where the plough was at work, we came upon a newly turned out piece of native bread. This substance is common here, and forms another reason for supposing the aboriginals once frequented this part. My journey lay up the left-hand valley, a few miles to a turn off which led to the Tin- pot Marsh, where several sheep and general farmers are settled. Mr. Geo. Palmer holds seven or eight hundred acres of bottom land and bush, and appears a prosperous farmer. From this for 10 miles or so the country is poor, merely peppermint and fern land that would not find sustenance for a sheep to five acres ; but after passing a turn off leading to Runnymede it begins to alter, till a system of grand terraced slopes lead down to the Prosser's Plains. These are of rich red soil, and all sheep and cattle looked well. The Merinos were of a high order in breed, and all fat ; but of this run I must speak again. From the top of these terraces, which face eastward, and are like a huge segment of an amphi- theatre, the belts of rung timber near and beyond Buckland are visible, and at the bottom the Bluff River flows. Past the boundary of Zelwood (2,500 acres), leased by Mr. H. New, formerly host of the "Star and Garter" at New Norfolk, the road for a distance meanders through fair sheep land, with occasional flats of tussock and kangaroo grass and sags till following the river a short rise is mounted, and pass- ing Mr. New's homestead, Buckland is reached, which I estimate to be 21 miles by the road I travelled from Stonehenge. There is a very comfortable hotel here kept by Mr. Simpson, for many years in the detective branch of the police, a gentleman I shall have the pleasure of introducing in next paper, which will treat of Buckland and neighbourhood, as far as Orford or Spring Bay. Coming in at night, and the village looking small, I intended giving it but a cursory glance, but on being introduced to several members of the Turvey family found such short commons would not do, and they may be said to have taken The Mercury special by force, mounted him, and not only to have shown him the section of country, but to have enlightened him by communica- tions from their large experience and with much succinct information relative to its physical features and history, as well as development and capabilities. In this paper, therefore, as Buckland is shown to demand a whole one to itself, I will just detail a ride out to what may justly be dubbed "the Tasmanian tiger country." Messrs. William and George Turvey and self got away on horseback by a little after 10 in the morning, and proceeded through part of Zelwood, fording the Bluff River four miles or so from Buckland, and turned thence north-eastward into the heart of a wild mountainous country, which is as rough as the debris caused by a collision between two icebergs, supplemented by an earthquake. Bearing east we sighted the Sand River, which appears to rise in amongst some high precipitous sandstone crags at the margin of some undulating country of several thousand acres, upon which sheep are run. Under the shadow of Tiger Hill some cultivation paddocks were come up with, and the homesteads of Messrs. W. Cornish and C. A. Cox, a brother of the Rev. F. H. Cox. This gen- tleman, C. A., not the Dean, for nine years dwelt in the hollow of a tree till female charms proved irresistible, and he took to himself a partner, who now, with himself and several family ties, reside in a comfort- able-looking house. Mr. Cornish is a sheep farmer. From this situation it is climbing over hill land, fairly grassed in occasional patches, but very rough with fallen timber and stone, till past a small lake very snugly ensconsed under a cliff, and the top of the ridge is made, from whence the descent is easy towards French's, a small farm on the hills. With assiduous care and attention, sheep are profitable in the neighbourhood of Cornish's ; but how the brothers Edward and Joseph French manage is the puzzle and admiration of the neighbourhood, for both their own and the Crown land they rent is as rough as it can be. These brothers are examples of what men will do to be their own masters, and their exertions to keep and protect their little flock are almost superhuman. The homestead is on a cleared plot—a humble yet comfortable cabin—and the ground close by is fair to good, but only a few acres so. Here, and at a very fertile bottom three miles away, is grown the fodder for horses and cattle, and a few cattle and pigs are kept. They were from home shifting their sheep to a different run, so, after partaking of the hospitalities, we went to the farm three miles off, hoping to find them, but were unsuccessful. The place has, perhaps, as rich a 30 or 40 acres of black bottom as can be found anywhere, and parts of the slopes are good. The bottom is quite clear, and part of one slope just roughed out. There is the making of a magnificent fruit garden and hop ground, but it would require high close fencing to keep out kangaroo, wallaby, kangaroo rats, and some means for keeping opossums out too, for they will de- stroy young trees. Pigs and a few cattle are fed here, and there is a barn full of hay and peas. A rivulet, probably the head of the Sand River, flows round the flat and could be made to irrigate the whole. On returning to the homestead, finding the bro- thers had not come, we waited, as the Messrs. Turvey were anxious to see them and express their admiration at their assi- duity and success in thinning out tigers to the advantage of all surrounding sheep owners. We counted 18 heads of these destructive animals nailed to a tree, several being very large, the largest, whose jaws were kept asunder by a peg, having a mouth big enough to bite a sheep dog in two at the loins, and full of long serrated teeth. This animal's skin is fully the size of that of a good-sized sheep, say between nine and ten square feet, and its paws are like those of a large kangaroo dog. The last caught of 30, within about the last two years or so, was a female, also a big one, and she had four young in her pouch. These are like four hairless rats of full size, and hang together comfortably to a peg among the heads. After four days and nights' exposure they were unfit for removal, otherwise I would have procured them for the Museum. The heads of those tigers are more like those of wolves than anything else, though narrower across the forehead ; but I hope ere long the French's will have a good specimen, which will duly be sent to the Royal Society. The tally of large tigers killed by these men is 30, but numerous joeys have also fallen with their dams, and of devils they have kept no count, as many as 30 of these having been got in the snares during one round. The large tiger had killed 15 sheep belong- ing to the brothers, a fact which demon- strates the animal's destructiveness, and the value of the service rendered to owners of surrounding runs by killing them, for if they were not killed, sheep would have to be got in and land deserted. The brothers came in a little before 7, a pair of fine intelligent men, and a very pleasant interview took place. It is all non- sense about the tiger merely sucking a sheep's blood, not eating it, for in some as much as a quarter of a sheep has been found, but there is evidence of one tiger after kill- ing and eating as much of a sheep as satisfied hunger, having killed and sucked the blood of a second. The sheepowners should certainly make up £100 for these men, who are not merely protecting their own flock, but those of the whole neighbour- hood. The elder brother is married and has 4 children, very neat, pretty little children too, and great favourites with their uncle, who finds what pastime he can amusing them. An old lady, the young men's mother, also lives here, so there is quite a family in this out-of-the-way place, eight persons in all. The ride back to Buckland in the frost and moonlight came off without further event than missing the track once, which, however, was soon picked up, and Mr. W. Turvey and I got back to Sally-peak, his home, by midnight ; he very proud of the skin of a tiger he secured. The Messrs. French have agreed that the Royal Society shall have the next good specimen which, as the weather is cold, will keep nicely with the entrails out, by a handful or two of salt being rubbed in, and I have told them to send in their account for a reasonable charge for the trouble. They keep 900 snares set and watched, very few days passing without something getting in. It is a country to delight a hunter and trapper, being full of game ; we chased a kangaroo a short distance below Cornish's among some cutting grass, but only having a sheep pup, boomer had the best of it. Ducks frequent the river and lagoons, and a party with a nous for woodcraft, and able to put up with a little rough work, might pass a very enjoyable week in the bush about here, and take home good bags, which would keep while collecting this cold weather. July 7. 