Needles. "Short, Sharp, Shiny." Henry Irving is coming. Frost has appeared at Port Augusta. Has Mrs. Langtry cheated her agent? Mr. Matthew Arnold has left America. Corporal Tomkinson will try Mount Barker now. When will people stop fooling with fire arms? Wellington, N.Z. has a population of 22,213. Go and see the snow scene at Garner's Rooms. Moral Adelaide has had a Wooloomooloo outrage. For horrible outrages commend us to Sydney. Adelaide Choral Society's debut was a great success. There are now seven actors' clubs in London. Why didn't our volunteers have a camp meeting? People sympathising with popular Captain Lockyer. English wheat values are not likely to improve. The Rev. D. O'Donnell very nearly drowned. Mr. "Jim" Allison has returned to Australia. Starving immigrants in the streets of Montreal. The Rev. C. C. Elcum vicar-designate in Liverpool. No more emigrants sail for this colony till July next. Levi, the cornet player, proceeding against Mr. Allison. Eastern Canada has been visited by heavy snowstorms. Nubar Pasha and Mr. Clifford Lloyd have shaken hands. Mr. Gladstone is again suffering from political crisis. How they are enjoying themselves on Torrens Island. "The Woman of the People" at Garner's Rooms a success. A turtle weighing about 3 cwt. has been seen in the Gulf. Field naturalists going to have winter evening meetings. Mr. Matthew Burnett is doing a big busi- ness in Tasmania. Eighty Americans are studying in the Berlin University. Osman Digna trying to incite friendly chiefs to rebellion. At last the tuning of the city organ has given satisfaction. The Ivanhoe was lying safe in American River on Monday. The Maori king, Tawhaio, is going to Lon- don by the Sorata. R. T. Booth opens his temperance mission in Sydney in May. O happy day, o happy day, I've nothing more to you to say. Frozen meat ex Garonne is considered doubtful in quality. Madame Patti is said to be a "lady of whims and fancies." Our immigrants during last week exceeded our emigrants by 23. Is it not supposed to be unlucky to save a man from drowning? Hindmarsh brickmakers have resumed work at the old rates. Either the Paramatta or nothing at all, says poor little Beach. The late Wendell Phillips's favorite book was "Bacon's Essays." A newspaper called Matrimony, has just been started in Sydney. Chinese Gordon wiil evacuate Khartoum unless speedily relieved. Onkaparinga race meeting becoming quite a fashionable gathering. In Brisbane the judges take evidence by means of the telegraph. At the great Vanderbilt ball in New York, £6,000 was spent on flowers. Arabi Pasha dresses in white, but his clothes have the French cut. Ohio is said to be the third State in the Union with regard to crime. It costs £60,000 a year to support the churches in New York City. Four large vessels full of emigrants anxious to arrive in South Australia. The negroes of Jamaica tear off the husk of tbe cocoanut with their teeth. One hundred and forty-two midshipmen in the British navy wear medals. Free trade v. protection is just now the burning question in America. Banner for Seamen's Union, Port Adelaide will cost £105. Unfurl the flag. Messrs. Parsons and Pater leave for the Norrthern Territory on Saturday. Mrs. Langtry will not come to Australia. Has she at last made up her mind? It was a San Antonio Texan who stole gravestones for building purposes. Baron Tennyson has enjoyed a civil list pension of £200 a year for 39 years. Queen Isabella, who is very large, dresses in light colors. Her children are thin. A Massachusetts colt has become so fast that it chews tobacco and drinks liquor. The passengers of the Rome are assured of a fortnight's residence on Torrens Island. Another patron of literature and art gone with the death of the Duke of Buccleuch. A Chinaman has raised 400 gallons of water at Silverton, in the Barrier district. Cardinal Newman's niece, who is an heiress of £2,000 annually, has entered a convent. The British Government intend to strengthen their position in Afghanistan. A Chinese doctor in San Francisco has a practice and drug trade worth £14,000 a year. Quarantine is a most admirable precaution. The residents of Torrens Island don't think so. More passengers travelled on the Port line on Easter Monday than on any other rail- way. London Vanity Fair thinks that Chinese Gordon is a man of deep religious convic- tions. The American President is credited with being a politician with good hard barnyard sense. Mr. Wilfrid Powell appeals for further ex- planation of the characteristics of New Guinea. Dion Boucicault is said to be engaged in writing reminiscences of the great actors he has met. Dr. W. H. Russell, the Times correspon- dent, has gone through three marriages with one wife. One thousand one hundred and ninety foreign steamers left New York wheat-laden last year. Mr. Aster, tlie American Minister at Rome, intends to resign his post owing to private business. It is estismatecd that there are 5,000 home- less and destitute children in the streets of Chicago. Playing with edged tools is what led to the nearly fatal accident on the German barque Rebecca. The gold produced by Charters Towers for the first quarter of the current year was 25,515 ozs. One thousand five hundred copies of the Queen's book were sold two days after their publication. The Chicago Tribune thinks Mrs. Langtry a "pleasant object to look upon, but not beautiful." Victorian Postmaster- General will decide question of reducing charges for telegram in that colony. Final batch of nominations returnable next Wednesday. "This day next week where shall I be?" Cattle in Tasmania, from one end of the colony to the other, are said to be suffering from cancer. Daniel Drawbagh, and not Professor Graham Bell, is said to be the inventor of the telephone. Mr. Parnell has cruelly denounced the "craze" of Mr. Henry George and Mr. Michael Davitt. Mrs. Langtry's admirers in Australia will be sorry to hear that she will not come to Australia this year. The sale of rubbish found in gutters and bins realises in France the prodigious annual figure of £1,840,000. The average length of life in England is calculated at 29 years, while in America the average is 20 years. Mr. John Dixon has been refused a patent for an improved seedsower and pulverisable manure distributor. The Victorian Government are distributing to private schools copies of the Prince Leo- pold memorial cards. The Spaniards have a religious reverence for the banana, believing it to be the fruit of which Adam partook. King Alphonso of Spain is slender and good-looking. He has dark eyes, while his sisters have blue eyes. An Adelaide cricketer named Yates has accidentally shot himself while 'possum shooting at Willunga. The Prince of Wales has dispatched an agent to America to make large purchases of land near Kansas city. The Victorian Government now consists of eleven members, of whom three are members of the Upper Chamber. Longfellow's children have erected a plain marble sarcophagus over the poet's grave in Mount Auburn cemetery. The London Literary World thinks that Henry George must be a consummate hypo- crite or a noble enthusiast. President Taylor has consented to preach between the parts of Madame Patti's per- formance at Salt lake City. Mme. Clara Serena is the first woman made honorary corresponding member of the Marseilles Geological Society. In 1883 there were 10,224 failures in Eng- land and Wales. There were also during the year 576 companies wound up. A Bathurst journal rejoices at the fact of Australian meat selling in England at 4½d. per lb. and 5d. per lb. in Bathurst. Owing to the severe drought in the country districts milk in Sydney is selling at 8d. per quart, and vegetables are also dear. The New South Wales Government have promised £25,000 to be given this year for the destruction of vermin in that colony. Gladstone, in Queensland, has been visited by a plague of caterpillars. On one run 5,000 acres of grass were eaten down. The Russian press highly approve of the annexation of Merv, as enabling them, should opportunity offer, to show their teeth. Since the anti-slavery law enacted sixteen years ago in Cuba the slaves in that island have decreased from 384,355 to 199,355. An old man named Dickens, who claimed relationship to the famous novelist, has just died in humble circumstances in Victoria. The Port railway station is wretchedly lighted, and badly seated, and the Semaphore platform is exposed to all the cold winds. The Arctic raspberry is one of the smallest plants known. A six-ounce vial will hold the whole plant, branches, leaves, and all. The latest scientific survey of the Yellow- stone Park shows the existence of 500 geysers and 8,000 hot springs within its boundaries. The largest school in the world is said to be the Jews' Free School in Spitalfields, London, which has a daily attendance of 2,800 pupils. Archbishop Douglas, brother of Lady Florence Dixie, is mentioned as the probable coadjutor to Archbishop Goold, of Victoria. The object of King Tawhaio's mission to London is to complain of the bad treatment of the aborigines by the New Zealand Govern- ment. Mary Anderson, the great American actress, is so pleased with England that she will pro- bably make that country her permanent home. The phylloxera is making great havoc in the Portugal vineyards. Many cultivators, abandoning their holdings, have emigrated to Brazil. Lieutenant Cuthbertson, who has been fighting in the Egyptian campaign, is the son of Mr. W. G. Cuthbertson, well known in Adelaide. The Czar of Russia, acting on the advice of his physicians, has resolved to lead a less secluded life, and brave the dangers of mixing with society. The new Speaker of the House of Com- mons when sitting in the chair "looks exactly like one of the sculptured warriors of Nineveh." The Wurtemburg Government have issued a prohibition against persons of either sex under 16 years of age from dancing in places of amusement. A small vessel which early in last month was reported lost with all hands was built in 1765, and had therefore been to sea no less than 119 years! A Cincinnatti journal says:—"It was a cambric ovation to Sembrich. The flood waves of applause were whitecapped with handkerchiefs." A Port Glasgow firm of shipbuilders have launched a tug of 1,500-horse power, said to be the most powerful in the world, for service in the Hooghly. Half the meat supply of Nashville, Tenn., is obtained from the prolific rabbit. This is re- garded as affording the best solution of the rabbit question. The Russian police have suppressed a class book containing extracts from "Hamlet" because they regard Hamlet as dangerous to political morality. Victor Emmanuel's tomb was recently adorned with a gold wreath, set with jewels, acd valued at 1,000,000f., the gift of the Palermo pilgrims. The Italian Government have opened a competition for a monument to Garibaldi on the Janiculus, where he established his head- quarters in 1849. The money value of the French herring harvest for the four years ending 1882 was 34,771,000 francs. The sardine fishery has fallen off considerably. The Prince of Wales is said to be unsuccessful as an orator, though he is always willing to make a speech at a banquet. He speaks with a heavy gutteral accent. The British Association of Science has con- tributed £500 to aid in the exploration of Mount Kilimanjaro, the celebrated snowy peak of Eastern Africa. An American paper somewhat paradoxically asserts that the false prophet is gradually materialising himself into a spectre at which the British nation trembles. Mrs. Gladstone is reported to have dis- carded her homely dresses for rich clothes and fine diamonds. She is said to have been usually a very badly dressed lady. A book containing the sentence "Majesty of nature" has been suppressed in Russia as directly infringing the Imperial title. "Some is Rooshuns," as Mrs. Gamp says. Edward Whymper intends ascending Kihmand Jaro, the snow-crowned mountain of equatorial Africa, which is said to be 20,000 feet above the level of the sea. A novel feature in the management of F. W. Robinson's popular periodical Home Chimes is that the profits of the paper are divided amongst members of the staff. The medical papers are again discussing the deleterious nature of the cigarette, which they say produces the most disastrous effects upon the systems of those who smoke it. The Milan Observatory was chiefly en- gaged last year in taking observations on a number of double stars discovered by Mr. S. W. Burnham, the American astronomer. A census of a Philadelphia boarding school of 48 girls showed that 1 could make bread. I knew how to fry oysters, 3 knew how to broil beefsteaks, 48 could embroider, and 47 dance. At Gujrat in India is the tomb of a Mohammedan saint called Shah Daula, and it is asserted that idiotic children are fre- quently dedicated to the service of this shrine. The hottest spot on earth is along the Persian Gulf, where the inhabitants have to get their fresh water by diving to the springs which burst forth from the bottom of the sea. The Athenæun is glad to hear that the merits of Dr. Murray's dictionary are being cordially recognised by continental scholars. The sale, too, of the work is highly satisfac- tory. The New Zealand press, in vindication of the quality of the frozen meat exported from that colony, publishes a number of letters from agriculturalists in England and Scot- land. Numerous old books and papers and English and Spanish coins dated early in the last century have been found secreted in different parts of the oldest house in Balti- more. "Skin-the- goat" and other convicts, sen- tenced to various terms of imprisonment for the part they took in the Phœnix Park murders, have been confined in Chatham prison. Lord Aylesford is reported to have pur- chased a large bar-room at Big Springs, Texas, where it is thought that it will be a profitable speculation "to run a lordly saloon." It is said that for every novel printed and published in England ten are written and rejected. This makes an average of 3,000 novels which are written in that country every year. Charles Bradlaugh, the atheistical member of Parliament, has a brother engaged in evangelical work who confidently looks for- ward to converting his sceptical relative to Christianity. Artemus Ward refused to admit to his entertainments children in arms "if the arms were loaded," or children under one year of age unaccompanied by their parents or guardians. Henry Ward Beecher has only been to theatres four times—to see Joe Jefferson in "Rip Van Winkle,'' Salvini in "Othello," living in "Louis XI," and his sister's "Uncle Tom's Cabin." Roman Catholic Bishop Dunn, of Bris- bane, has been compelled to shift his residence at Dura owing to the unhealthiness of the spot. Bishop O'Quinn's death was attribut- able to this cause. Magnifying glasses may be traced back to the days of Confucius, 478 B.C. He says— "As we use a glass to examine the forms of things, so we must study antiquity to under- stand the present." Dr. W. B. Carpenter estimates the average elevation of all the continents of the earth taken altogether at about 1,000 feet above the sea level, and the average depth of the ocean at 13,000 feet. The custodian of the Paris morgue says that seven of every ten persons whose bodies are found in the Seine and elsewhere were strangled in a peculiar way known as the handkerchief method. The sawdust and refuse of the sawmill is now made to yield fourteen gallons of turpen- tine, three to four gallons of resin, and a quantity of tar per cord. It would seem as if nothing was made in vain. The cost of the first presentation of Buchanan's "Storm-beaten" in New York was £4,000. It requires eighty men to pro- duce the earthquake scene in "Claudian" at the Princess Theatre, London. The Princess Hohenlohe, wife of the Ger- man ambassador to Paris, recently wore a necklace composed of seven rows of large pearls. Over this a black velvet ribbon sup- ported a large diamond pendant. Women are becoming popular as tramcar conductors in America. It is complained, however, that they do not ring the bell with sufficient promptness when persons of their own sex want to get on or off. The Queensland Government have resolved to withdraw the superannuation allowance fronted to the police, unless the recipients will undertake to perform if called upon, any duties they may be fit to discharge. The latent method of card swindling is to cover the backs of cards with particles of phosphorus corresponding in number with their face value. The cards must then be surveyed through dark blue spectacles. The commission presided over by General Ignatieff, and charged with the inquiry into the state of the Governments at the Steppes and of Turkestan, has discovered a deficit for tbe last fourteen years of 100,000,000 roubles. The town of Waltham, Mass., will probably soon be incorporated as a city, and its charter is already written and ready for adoption. The census of the town shows a population of 14,445, an increase of over 20 per cent. since 1880. Government have accepted tender of the Eastern and Australian Steamship Com- pany for carriage of Port Darwin mails. This provides no security for regularity or even the actual carrying out of the con- tract. Since the appointment of the British Wreck Commissioner in 1876 shipping disasters to the number of 402 have been in- vestigated. Of these 36 were unpreventible, 40 doubtful, and 326 might have been pre- vented. Mme. de Bille, the wife of the Danish Minister, who visited the Zunis last summer and was much interestcd in them, received from them, under Mr. Cushing's direction, a re- markable Christmas card of their own manu- facture. The Mahdi, it is reported, declares himself commissioned from on high to conquer the world. He evidently knows nothing of Eng- land, France, Germany, or South Australia. He would be more modest if his information were greater. There is one great perfume distillery at Cannes, in France, which uses yearly 100,000 pounds of acacia flowers, 140,000 pounds of rare flower leaves, 32,000 pounds jasmine blossoms, 20,000 of tuberose blossoms, and an immense quantity of other material. A course of Shakesperian lectures is being arranged to be held in the east of London. This is regarded as a practical attempt to bring sweetness and light to bear upon the costermonger during the time he is not occu- pied in "jumping on his mother." Mr. Henry Irving's two sons show much cleverness in tableaus and recitations. They recently took the parts of Joseph and Charles Surface in an amateur performance of "The School for Scandal," and are said to have shown dramatic talent of a high order. A French nobleman who recently shot himself at Monte Carlo before committing the act wrote to twenty ladies of the grande and the other class, regretting that "un- avoidable circumstances prevented him from further continuing their charming acquaint- ance." It will be a strange fact to many that the mistletoe is more rarely found connected with oak trees than with any other. There are only twelve mistletoe oaks known in Eng- land. It is, we think, generally supposed that the mystic bough is found only upon the oak. Matthew Arnold's tame reception at St. Louis is vindicated by the local Republican in the following manner:—"We are essentially a practical people, and not even the glamor of a great name can weave a fascination around a procession of didactic ideas dimly exhibited in a vast hall." The institution of Sunday concerts and entertainments has evoked the strongest dis- approval of the various Glasgow Presby- teries, whose members loudly condemn the horrible profanation of the Sabbath, and threaten its authorities with every variety of "divine and human vengeance." Speaking at a Salvation Army meeting at Southport a "staff- captain" thus candidly disclosed his mind:—"Those who have gold will, I trust, be helped by God to give it; those who have no gold, can give silver; those who have no silver, can give copper; and those who have nothing to give can rise and go." Speaking of the late Cetewayo, a prominent German paper says:—"Seen from the dis- tance the Zulu king appears only as a victim of the egotistic British policy—that policy which now hurls its opponent down, and then lovingly raises the fallen and takes him to its heart, finally to throw him away as a squeezed-out lemon." Wilkie Collins recently strayed into a London theatre where "The New Magdalen" was being played. The ushers whispered the fact among the audience, and there was an unanimous call for "the author," which only ceased when the famous novelist reluctantly appeared on the stage, blushing and bowing. The railway people say the new platforms at the Port station cannot be lighted with gas until they get a meter large enough, and there is not one of sufficient dimensions in the colony at present. Any person outside of a Government department would get a meter for each platform, or work up a dozen meters before he would make up such an excuse. 