Local & General The Encyclopaedic Dictionary. — We have received from Messrs. Walch Bros, and Birchall a specimen copy of Part I of 'Tho Encyclopedic Dictionary,' which is now being issued in monthly parts at a very low price, by the well-known firm of Messrs. Cassell. and Co., of London. Tho work, whinh is illiiRt,rn.*nd. is infcrniflnrl ,n.o an encycloptediaas well as a comprehen sive dictionary, and some idea of its prb bablo dimensions may be gained from the fact that Part I, containing 64 pages of three columns to the page, only extends as far under the letter "A" as "Adh." INSTANTANEOUS PHOTOGRAPHY.—We have received from Messrs. Lovewell and Co., photographers, of Latrobe, two speci- mens of instantaneous photographs taken by them. One, a beautifully clear and clean photograph, is a view of the bridge across the Mersey at Latrobe, taken from a point a short distance lower down the stream, where the second railway bridge will cross. The other is a view of the No. 1 diamond drill at work near Tarleton, and considering the difficulty of obtaining a clear picture amid so much brush and trees is also a very good specimen of the photographer's skill. NORTHERN FINANCE COMMITTEE.—The members of the Northern Finance Com- mittee met in the Trinity Vestry on Mon day afternoon, at 3 o'clock. Present — The Van. Archdeacon Hales (Chairman), the Revs. A. Barkway, A. Cass, J. Chambers, and W. Hogg, and Messrs. W. Turner, Charles Maddock, W. H. Ferrall, F. W.1 Von Stieglitz, and F. Belstead.' The meeting having been opened devotionally, the minutes of the previous meeting wore read and confirmed. The Treasurer read a 'statement of the receipts since last meeting of the Committee, and also of the present ' state of the finances. It was resolved that the stipends for March be paid. A Bright Trio. — The throe young girls who were on Monday charged at the Police Court with being idle and disorderly, and being common prostitutes, were at one time, shining lights in the Salvation Army, and at' least one of them was for a time an inmate ot the J) alien Women's Home. Tho month s . imprisonment which each received may have a more beneficial effect on them than their pleasant sojourn in Mr. arid Mrs.' Gibbs's establishment. - L''! Photograph. — A nicely framed group of photos of members of the.L'aunceston Volunteer Rifle Regiment Dramatic Club was on view in Messrs. Walch 'Bros; and Birchall yesterday. The centrephotois that of the late Miss Kate -O'Reilly, - The. male members, are, in uniform, and. the group is a credit to the artist, Mr. Cawston.': : .Capture op a Large SHARK.-^About midnight on Sunday evening Mr. J. B. Grune arid a Dartv of fishermen cast their nets off Middle Island, in the River Tamar, , and after the nets had been in the, water' some time, 'it' was observed that there was . a great disturbance, and that the nets were being violently agitated. On one of '.the. boats going to ascertain the; cause, if was discovered that an immense shark had got entangled in one of the nets. ' ' ; They called to some men on board another large fishing boat close by to come to their assistance, and after a most exciting struggle, in which a deal' of damage was done to the nets, the monster was captured, and safely hauled on board one of the lai'ger boats, much to the delight of the .fishermen pre sent. This big fish has long been a source of terror to the fishermen in the locality, having lately made raids upon the fish in , vuvu uvu^j UIXJ.U. uuua «vm, vuuoauojluum? damaged It : has long been known to the fishewnon by the name of 'Middle Island Tom.' Itmeasuresabout 12ft. in length, and is nearly 7ft.' in circumference. Another' Coach to ScottsdaliSv — Mr. ,W- Spearman, well known in con nection, with' the coaching business, has started a conveyance to ' Scottsdale. The coach leaves Launceston at 9 o'clock !on- ; Monday, Wednesday, and Friday niorriingsi and the Inverness Hotel, Scottsdale, on Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday. 'As Mr; Spearman has had considerable experience in the business, there is no doubt that he will give satis faction on this new line of road, as on the old lines. It is a mark of the increasing importance of the Scottsdale district that the traffic requires another line of coaches. Mr. Spearman commenced on Wednesday, and tho coach leaves Smith's Central Hotel. Court of Goldfields. — In Chambers on Monday, before Mr. Commissioner Bel stead, an application was made by Mr. J. B. Waldron, under the Mining Companies Limited Liability. Act, 1869, for an order for the winding up of the Old Chum G.M. Company, Lefroy. Mr. Waldron stated that a petition had been presented some time since to Mr. Commissioner White foord, and on that occasion the counsel for the Company had applied for time, and his Honor had made an order that the amount should be paid that day. The money, nowevor, was not rortacoming, ana hence this application for a winding up order. Mr. Henry Turner, manager of the Company, who was present, said he should not apply for any further adjournment, as he had communicated the particulars of tho order made by Mr. Whitefoord to tho share holders, and they had done nothing towards paying the debt. 'The Commissioner said as the default in payment and the delay granted had been fully proved ho ordered that the Company be wound up forthwith. A ! Fractured Thigh. — The ' man M'Loughliri, 69 years' of age, who was admitted into the General Hospital' on' Thursday evening week suffering from a fractured thigh received through falling off the' kerbstone, is ' progressing, favour ably, and'Dr. ', Thompson has' hopes of bis'' recovery..- ?'(' ''u :'!;i '? . ?!'';''';'' '/':'? dim , ..*???. :'i'j Kr.oiM'-j; ;,??'.! ?/;-.;-.-^ wjJ' i'a\\.-: 'i'j'/ii ' ' . ''u Launoeston- -Water ' Supply.— itefer' ring to the discovery of' the pipes that convoyed the water to ? the tanks which formerly supplied the town, we maymen tion that they were laid by bur well-known fellow-townsman Mr. Alexandor Aird. Mr. Aird and his late brother Thomas were then working at their trade of carpenters for Messrs. Walker and Sibbald. The pipes,' winch were of 'wood, woro bored by Mr. Archibald Russoll, father of Mr. William Russell, of Perth, and who then had a cooper's shop in Launcoston. Mr. Aird relates that the progress of the works createci much interest among' the then residents of Launceston, .and such' well known citizens as the late Dr. De Dasse'll and the eccentric Mr. Riohardi' White wore' wont to declare that the: supply of . tho pure ' water would : add ten years to the--- lives of tho ? 'residents.' Strange to say, perhaps from the active' part they took in the first water: supply -to tlio town, tho Messrsi Aird' 'after 'about ten months' iise of the water from St.1 Patrick's River took an antipathy to. it; and -since that period — over a quarter of a 'century ago — they never used anything but water1 irom the uataract.i .Alter having ? paid water rates for. about a quarter of a century without havingused a particle of the water, Mr. Alex. 'Aird thought, a little while back/ho might have a slight return for his money by using some of St. Patrick water for his garden, but he quaintly complains thivt' he was met with a demand for ? increased rates, so therefore/thinking it an injustice,he orice more placed the Corporation supply under the ban. -.' ' 1 ; .?; ? ?? ''?'?' ? The Engineer - in - Chief. ? - — '? The Engineer-iil-Ghief; Mr. Jas. Finchairii caine up( from Hobort by the express:- train' on Monday,-, and took the Western Line ab1 t1««Jnl. T. ? i.1 ? .. J.. ? ? _.±_ ^ ? !.*-_. TkT. .T»T - JJJVUUUU1U tl UUUblOIl, 671 T0U10 TOruUGlN. VV . ' Coast. .The object of his visit is techebk the surveys that have been made under the sanction , of Parliament of the-besf route for railway extension westward from the' Mersey to the .Leven, and the; survey, of which, with estimates, will be laid before Parliament next session. .-;? '' ?; Luminous Paint.— A trial of Balhmin's ' luminous paint for life buoys was made' lately. (says a Victorian contemporary) at Kenny's, baths, St. Kilda; under the aus pices , [of . the Royal Humane ? Society. Owing to the Ughtness of .the-' evening the trijil ? of ;the-,alleged capabilities was : not satisfactory, and it. was -decided \to' post^' pone further tests until some' more suitable1 occasion, as the merics of the paint1 only come into force during intense darkness/ and when other paints areirivisible.''«;The' buoys were afterwards tested in a1 darkened room,. when the advantages of the paint wero, readily proved. The- !buoys': show clearly in the darkness with ' a kind-'of ' a ' luminous grey or phosphorescent lightthat would be plainly perceptible inwater' at a'i distance . of - thirty .or forty yards;i|; The paint, it appears, which can be' -used' for rany purpose,' such as in deep 'mines, ships'-' 'holds, and . positions dangerous at night-' tirqe, absorbs light; during the dayj which is;given,off in the' darkness in 'the manner indicated. All that is requiredin order to securo the luminosity 'at -night is that the buoys, or whatever else should receive a coat- ' ing of the paint, be exposed to a strong light no phosphorous is. used in: the preparationi The paint is largely ?-?asedfin1 England' ioi' buoys and for beacons marking navigable channels.; ; '?-!-? ?.:,-. ;.-,?.?« ,iiuv- ??? 'In ?;?.-?- f*i Another View 'op -MoRMONisar.i— The. New Tbrk , correspondent of ithe r-8.l ?i.A.t Advertiser says : — There . is . a . idesporate ' effort being made in some' quartersitokeep statistics are sadly in their favour, and against the Gentiles. Great as; may be the enormity of their crime against thoenr lightene'd mneteeth century, i conception of the Isocial' status of woman, they are. . in all' ordinary matters the best of '..citizens.;; For instance, while the Mprmons-in SaltiLake. City outnumbered the -Gentiles, ten to one in 1881, there were only, 169. Mormons In tho penitentiary, out of 51 convicts only five'wore Mormons, and of ' those five two were in gaol, for polygamy; ? They have the best administered local government in the Union, and their rate of taxation is lower than in any other city; They have no bondeddebt, save a trifle of 35,000 dollars for an, irrigating canal, the interest on which., is chargeable to' private owners though guaranteed by the territory ; and there have, been built no less; than 10,000 miles of private canals, in; order to render the desert in whioh ; they took up their abode productive. Contrast against all this the recent act of 'the Federal Government in refusing to give a seat to tho Mormon delegate, who received 18,568 votes for Congress, on the ground that he was a poiygamist (by-the-way, he is an Englishman, and after .all has only two wives, ono of whom is old and the other young), and in giving it instead, to a Gentile who only received 1,357 votes for the same office. In sobriety, industry, thrift, and temperenco, the Mormon is a citizen whom any other Government would be glad to encourage. A monster temperance' meeting will bo held in the Pavilion on Easter Monday, under the auspices of the Blue Ribbon Mission. The Bishop ' of Tasmania and Mr. Matthew Burnett will address the meeting. . . ? ! . ' ? Valuablb pisopvEn? fob the Hair;— If. your hair is turning grey or white.or falling off UBo''Th8 Mexican Hair Renewer,- for it will positively restore in every case Grey orWhitt hair to its original color, without leaving tho disagreeable smell of most 'Restorer*.'. It makes, the hair charmingly beautiful, as well ai promoting tho growth of the hair on. baldapoti, wnere the glands are hot decayed' 'Aik your Chemist for 'TheMhiioan Haib Ebnkwsb,' sold by ' Chemists »nd perfnmnni nvmrwhorn at - 8a fid par bottle. Wholesale depot removed to 33,FftrriBgdon:ro»d, Lon3os»--9-A(lvt, ?? ^ ;??;'..''. ; ? ?--:.:; i - .yni.v.-: ? : Professor Tolmaque.— This professor of* riiagic ' and various other things was finally, brought, beforo the Bench 4th instant and ' discharged. Mr. Hudson, who was on the ' Bench, asked the professor what was the cause of his peculiar behaviour, whereupon ~° he made a most wonderful statement. ' He iJ said that ho had constituted himself a private detective, in order to see whether' publicans would serve him after hours; ;i»,-,vt ?readily as they would men who were under ' the influence of liquor. To fully teat ihJs'fV point he ' had always acted :' as if' i he.v himself : were intoxicated; : -arid' ?['. with one or two exceptions1 he.- had1'' ?always been; able to obtain' admission, and ' at ..the; front doors. Turning to-' tHe're'-.' ' porters' box, the professor said ^Tou'ddn'tr' ! seem very anxious to report this riiatter?* ?but this was a great mistake on th'6'.part'bf;!: ; tEe professor. ? Ho seemed 'very' sore at'out' ''?'? Mr. ^Murray having remanded hiin,'and;'cb'n-'!J tinually alluded to him as 'the gontlemaif lif with the blue spectacles!' The unfortunate' man's mind certainly 'seemed 'to' be. 'very ' rix'uch deranged, and it is to be hoped that''1' his friends will lbok'Jafter' him, arid see '^ that he is kept out ' of ' hafin's ' way,, ','] The Professor again ' appeared' ' at the'. ' Police Court on Monday, charged with' ' navmg aisturoed the- peace on Sunday. ' Since his discharge last week1 ; ho : has'?/ behaved in a very eccentric mariner.' 'When ' ' ' ho left the gaol he had, it is presuined, no ' ''' money, and how ' he has ; lived r since is'a lV' ?mystery. '.: On. :?? Saturday afternoon he' ac-. '?! costed a gentlemari who had kiridly 'offered'-' :'' to|help him,and said that the help would, b^very acceptable now; .The gentleman' ''''? replied that ho did not mean to 'help'hiin. j irilthat way.butwouldbeglad to rdisefunds;' .'; to take him to Melbourne. The';Prbfessbr .' '* then said that a few shillings would;'do to'i' ' !- carry him on till Monday.1 ? ; Five shillings' '\ we're given, to him by -tliJs: benevolent, :' gentleman, whereupon the Professor ' '?' visited the nearest hotel, and 'in colonial0 ''' ' parlance 'blew' the five shillings. On ' ( Sunday he was the centre of attractibn in / ' ;Brisbane-streety stopping people and speak ing i . to ? ? them, ! also di-opping his pipe, porich,'' and-; pocket-book, on the ground, and; ^asking 'people ?? to' ..pick , them' ~'j'J *'*'J ?***O ?'?** ? 'uw uuv/ UUII OAA \i\J B\i\J\j\Ja His '? conduot at last1 became!so' disorderly that ; the -police were obliged to interfbro, ' ' and 'take him '; into custody. ' On Monday 'Constable Dore, whoarrested himi'detailed ' the defendant's behaviour; saying that he ' ' was ? creating a great disturbance near: St.' i! Ariiirew'b 'Church by- shpiitirig, arid when, the Salvation Arniy came aiong he becariie . more exoited, arid invited them to dine at ' Sutton's Coffee Palace with liirn. The Ma gistrate -sentenced the unfortunate iman 'to ' one iweek's imprisonment without hard1 ? labour; and stated that'he would 'be ex-'1 n.mi-nRfli Vtv n; ;flnn+,r»T. T^Via^V^Xfaooftw' «*. ;1 'leaving the- dock, said' I have been' hero' ' so |often, I think it is almost time I en- . { ?gaged' a legal man. Good- morning/ your ' Worship !' ' , ' ' '?'The Etiston : Divorce Case.— Our tele- ' 'grams ;;. announce' l!Hhat 'the Court has' refused to annul the 'marriage 'of Lord ' Euston 'and ?Lady: Euston. '?'Lord'Euston, [whp,- when j Colonel :Fitzroy,' resided for a ' time in Adelaide, had 'inarriedj'it seems in His; youth; ibnb Kato'Cbok/ her real.riamej ' ^writes Archibald Forbes in one of his letters to the South Australian Advertiser, .was Kate IWalshjibtuV she' was.known -'as'Cook.- /She - ' was a woman of ? considerable fascination,' '' although coarse and uneducated.0 There ' ' was .little difficulty in discovering that' ' 'before her ? marriage: with Fitzroy, Kate Cook had been- married to one George '. Manley Smith.'1 'This she did riot:' deny. ''' George 'Smith, her previous huibarid; Bhe ; averred, had perished' in tlie ' wreck of 'a ' steamer prior to her marriage with Fitzroy. ' ': 'Enquiryish'bwedthatamong the lost irithis; shipwreck was undoub'tedly one ''? George M/.:, ;ji; '-'.' Smith.'' ;Bu*; after protracted investigation'1 ; 'i- it' was i discovered that- it' was- not: the' ; '?'t 'V George 'M; Smith,' 'who 'ultimately was'; : '''!? discovered in New Zealand. Proceedings ': ! in-: jthe'! Divorce' ?? Court t6' annul the inar--' ' riago~' were duly;-initiated.' ' : Mr:1 Smith1' '' ideritifiedf, 'her as :the person whom he 'haft ' ' ' ' marriediyears before. 'She 'has been liying '.-'' ''? j.\jm uj.ivi^j jrt'iAO uuuci uiio JJiUbUULlOll 01 Ui ' Mr., Haughton;1 a wellJcnown bookmaker. :' '; Shejhas grown stout and 'pursy,1 arid has '?'-''? certainly: lost^ione Jof her Original' vul-' ;.: ''' garity. She is ironically knoSvri as 'Lady ''??' Eustori Square;' but'Bhe : really does call' ' ' herself ? ' Lady Euston.'' - ' As' the preserit ''' '?* term drew .near her'lawyer fired'a boinb- : ; shell that shattered the whole fabric. : A ' ;' pleading ' vraa put in to the effect that ' Mr. George Manley- 'Smith ? was ''at-; ' ready: a ? i married' ? ? mian, with a ; live ' ' ' ' wife extant, ?--?? when 'he went through ! ' '' the torm of marriage with Kate Coot; and' that therefore the latter marriage was no marriage at all. ' Ho had marr'ied,fprior to '' his j marriage with Kate' Cook, ' a certain widow Smith; who is now dead,but was '; not dead at the' date of tho latter nuptials. ' The: Euston lawyer has investigated the evidence; of: this final coup, and finds it irrefragiblej 'The long game, then, is played ' out, 1 and has-been lost. If Lord Euston ; lives, and/if oKate Cook lives, Kate Cook must be Duchess of Grafton. People will ' understand why the conditions of hef' ' ^\^n.uv luu u»uuuu uc uauu uy nor unzor tunate husband in the direction of pro- ' curing a divorce. Money offers have been, spoken . of to tempt her to refrain froin '?'? opposing a dissolution of the tie. But she ' does not want money, and she does want to ' bo Duehos3 of Grafton. Her health issaid ?' to be seriously ; impaired. . .., British and Foreign Bible Sooiett.^— '''? Tho annual meeting of the British 'arid (; Foreign Biblo Society will be held in the ' ' Public Libray, Westbury, on the 22nd inst.,' afciS; o'clock, when the 'audience' will be'!; addressed by a deputation from Launces- ' ton. ! ':'?- ?? i ??:..: . ?? ? . ,: s -,;i ' . .'.The new Alhambra Theatre, in' London';^ ' lsdesonbedby the English Presa as tho ' fiaost theatre latheworid. ' ??'-?)?? ??u^:,n-r\ ^-w1 , ,..},& xhk !'J£bcbi-bacon Hogan.— From the Catholic StjiMlqrd wo learn , that . the Ven. Arch deacon ,.Hogan, of Westbury, contemplates leaving about theend .of this or beginning of, ij\ext month on a visit to the; mother country.- .?-.'-. . ' Town Improvements. — We are glad to notice, amongst the many improvements in. town, .the; now ??. block of buildings m Charles-street, consisting of three shops, and rented by Messrs. Wolfe, Stewart, and Burls. The frontage is 48. feot, Mr. Wolfe's beiifg.24, feet, the other two 12feeteach. Messrs. Wolfe and Burls have already moyed into their now establishments,; the ?window]?; of . which are very .tastefully laid 'out, .especially Mr. Burls's.. At the back of /his Bhop,.M*. Burls has started a hairdressing , saloon, which is very com fortably fitted up. Messrs. Stewart Bros., the' well-known jewelers, etc., occupy the thnrdshop., ...;.. ? ? ' ?' . l^REBBYTERY 01' HOBART. ? Th6 chief business .which came before thisj Presby tery, which met at Hobart. on 3rd inst., (says the, Mercury), in St. Andrew's Vestry, was. the consideration of a call 'from Swansea to ia. minister in. succession to. the later. Rev. Thomas Dove. The call, which was'.laid on the table by the Bev. J. Scott, was a; unanimous one, and in favour of the Rev. 'V^iliiam Craig, M.A. Mr. Craig, who ' -was j. present, having expressed his hearty acceptance of the call, was then examined by the, .Presbytery on a variety, of theo logical, matters, as required bytho_ruleB of the Presbyterian Church, with a view to ordination.' The Presbytery being satisfied as to ? his ministerial training and theo* logical scholarship, appointed his ordina ? tion! to. take place at Gala Kirk at an early date', when the Rev. J. Scott will 'preside and'.ordain the minister-elect, the Bev. H. T. Hull preach, and the -Rev.. A; Doctor address the minister and people. In addi tion,to the ordinary members, the Bev. J. Russell, of Evandale, w,as present, and was associated. Air Australian Millionaire. — Mr. James .Tyson, the Australian millionaire, is (says a Wellington paper) paying , a visit to New Zealand. Sir William Clarke, Sir. James, Elder, , Sir Samuel Wilson, are all Australians noted for their wealth, and justly.so, for they are wool kings indeed. But. all these and other landowners must bow r their heads ' to Mr. Tyson. Three years ago the London , World ? ranked him among the very wealthiest men in the -world. He is more solidly, wealthy than: several of the so-called wealthiest men, for he has no liabilities. ;He is :the greatest sheepowner in the world, and his many herds of cattle have a groat reputation. It is said he owns 1;000,000 cattle. In addition he lends more money on mortgage than any man in this.hemisphere. It is under toodthatMr; Tyson is _ looking _ out for some properties worthy his attention, and. ss inspecting New Zealand, and is now in itho Wairarapa. Chinese Telegraphy. — Owing to the peculiarity of the Chinese characters, each of which represents a word, not a letter, as in our western tongues, the Danish Telegraph Company (the Great Northern), working the new ? Chinese lines, have adopted, says Engineering, the following device : —There are from 5000: to 6000 characters of words in ordinary Chinese language, and the Company have provided ' a wooden block of type for each of these. On one end of this block the character is cut or stamped out, and on the other end is a number representing the character. The clerk receives a message in numbers and takes, the block of each number trans mitted, and stamps with the opposite end the proper Chinese character on the message form. Thus a Chinese message sent in figures is translated into Chinese characters, again, and forwarded to its destination. The sending clerk, of course, requires to know the numerical equivalent of the characters, or have them found for him.. ; Prince . Leopold's Widow. — By the articies of the marriage treaty on behalf of the late -Prince Leopold between the Queen and the Prince of Waldeck-Pyrmont, the young widow will receive the following annual sums as income : — £1000 from Prince Leopold Estate, .£5000 from interest of her own dowry of £100,000. and .£6000 from the British. Parliament. The , Commissioner of ' Mines. — Mr. Bernard Shaw, Commissioner of Mines, left Launceston at 9-30 a.m. on Monday for Scottsdale, by coach. ' Sent.; to New Norfolk. — The China ? man, '.Hen Goon, who lately attempted to commit suicide at Gladstone, is to be sent ~ to the; New Norfolk Asylum, as he is hope lessly; insane. The Proposed Repairs to the Invalid DEPOT.-r-On the 2nd inst., apotition, signed by the members for Launceston for both Houses of Parliament and several other representatives of northern districts, was forwarded to the Government, protesting against the expenditure of £400, as pro posed) in repairing the Invalid Depot.1 In the protest the reasons assigned ;f or the stetis taken by the gentlemen who'jsigned it were, stated to be (1), that the amount (.£400), -before being expended, should be voted by Parliament, and (2) that .the . execution -of i the pro posed, repairs would lead to the present site being occupied for a depot for a longer period than .is desirable or necessary. , A reply jwas received from the Premier (the hon. W-. 16. Giblin) on Saturday, in which ' it was' stated that (1) the repairs were to be made^to, the roofs and gutters of the ' ' buildings/which work must be done !bef ore the winter ; sets ^ in; (2) it would be a long time beforeja new and costly Invalid Depots would! be; erected; and (8). that the £400 ? was part of a sum of .£4000 which had been voted by Parliament for the purpose of repairingipubli&buildingaigenerally; Itis understood that' a f second. protest will pro bably fie forwarded to/JtoeTGojten»meatat an early date. ! A. Curious ? ;Case. — From' the Sydney : Morning Herald wo ? learn that' when the prisoners ,CampbelljRoss,and Harland were placed .ini the ? dock at the Goulburn QuarterSessionson20thult. the information readwaSiOf Buch, a' lengthy character that every one i in Court had evidently grown ? quite , tired; of . tho i rigmarole. The ex pression 'of surprise which fell from his Honor at the finish was such as one might reasonably expect, considering that it took five sheets, of foolscap to convey the charge that the prisoners being legally in custody, had attempted to break out of gaol. One of the witnessos called for his defence by Harland, said ho objected to being sworn on the Bible. He was about entering into a controversy with his Honor on the merits of an oath administered . on the Bible, saying he would just as i soon swear on ?' Fontaine's Fables,' when his Honor told him he did not wish to hold a controversy on the subject. iTlie prisoner, then asked that.he might give hiB evidence under the ' Law of Affirmation,' and his Honor then rising, from his seat and asking the witness to hold up his right band, read the form prescribed by the law in cases of the kind, witness repeating the words after his Honor. . ' - ? ' Extravagant Dressing. — Mdlle. Sarah Bernhardt recently reappeared in ' La Dame auxCam61ias.' M.Felix, who designed tho dresses, has sent in his bill, and the total cost of equipping Mdirio. Bernhardt was some .£560 , 10s. :She had a dress of gold and Bilver brocade lined with rose coloured satin and a petticoat adorned with Cluny- lace costing £112, and another in sky-blue 'bengaline,' value £120. There were also a tea-gown costing .£60, and a cloak £56. Her manager, . M. Derembourg, considered the account exor bitant, and the costumier has brought an action in consequence. Launceston Debating Society.— At the meeting of this society on 4th inst, Dr. Thompson : in. ' the chair, the retiring officers and committee were re- elected for the present quarter. The Society's rooms selecting suitable premises to continue the meetings in was discussed, and eventually it was decided to procure, if possible, the rooms above Mr.F.G.Duff 's shop inCharles street. The syllabus for the present quar ter, was partially; arranged, several in teresting papers being volunteered. There being no further business, the proceedings terminated.' ? Supreme Court Criminal Sittings. — The criminal sittings of the Supreme Court were continued at the Court House 4th inst, before his Honor Mr. Acting Chief Justice Dobson. Mr. G. P. Adams (Solicitor-General) prosecuted on behalf of the Crown. The following cases were dealt with : — J. S. Williams pleaded not guilty to having unlawf ully assaulted Ja8. Atkinson with intent to do some grievous bodily harm ; and being convicted on evi dence of a common assault, was sentenced to two months' imprisonment. David Jones, charged with having, on the 15th January, at Blue Tier, fraudulently removed a portion of his goods, his affairs being then in process of being wound up under the Bankruptcy Act, pleaded not guilty, and was defended by Mr. E. B. Miller. Alter occupying tno attention ot tne O'ourt till nearly 5 o'clock, tho case was concluded, and the defendant was found guilty on two counts out of seven, and sentenced to six months' imprisonment. Emanuel Vera, chargedwith indecently assaulting a little girl aged 10 years, was remanded till next sessions. Wm. C. Coward, chargedwith sheep stealing, was placed in the dock, but his Honor refused to proceed with the case as Coward was a convicted prisoner, and could not be tried unless brought up under a wrib of habeas corpus. His Honor , Mr. Justice Dobson, the Solicitor-General, and the Judge's Associate, leaye by this 'morn- ing's train- for Hobart. Salvation Army Meetings. — At the meeting of the Salvation Army on Sunday afternoon a great crowd; male and female, were . huddled together in the tent in Elizabeth- street. The heat was intense, and two hysterical girls were carried out in fainting fits. At the back of the. tent a number of lads mocked the proceedings, while many young girls in different parts seemed to appreciate the fun. The inter-; f erence of the police was requested, but the officer was unable to do anything beyond cautioning the disturbers. The proceedings were of anything but an orderly character, and were a sad mockery on a Sabbath dav meeting. Mr.' Gibbs was absent, also Mrs. Gibbs and ' Happy Dinah.' Rumour says that the late 'Staff Captain' has secured a snug little farm on the West Tamar, where he and his wife and ' Dinah ' are now located. It is a pity for his own Bake that ' Staff-Captain' Gibbs has not given the public an account of his stewardship. We have no doubt that' the business of the Army was well conducted by him, and that he accounted to someone in Melbourne for ? all his trans aotions, still it would be more satisfactory if he were to do the same to the publie of this town who supported him so liberally while in charge of the proceeding's. ? ?'? ' Horse Stealing. — On . 'February 1st hist,; a man named Albert- Gronzier, stole a horse, the. property of Mr. Charles ? Phillips,: from the slate, quarry,' near Deloraine, and on the, 24th of that month a warrant was issued for his arrest. It app1 ears, that about two weeks ago; Grozier came1 into town, and transferred . the ' horse to Mr. BlackwelL of the) Quadrant, to' whonvhe owed money. The latter sold the horsd last 'Saturday : week at- Turner's Horso ;Baza&r;, for the sum of £15. 'Grozier. (came infxrtown on Saturday morning,' and although' he' kept: quietj, he', wtis' tracked' by Detective Murhane,. to the Corn wall -Hotel,: 'where he was found in the stable. ? He was 'brought before the Bench the -same 'morn- ing', and remanded-to gaol for /conveyance to Poloraiae, ' Day op Mourning. — Sunday was very generally observed through Launceston as a special day of mourning for tho late Duke of Albany. At St; John's Church the pulpit and reading desk wero draped in black, and special mention was1 mado during the services of the death of thePrince. In the morning a solemn march was played at the openingK- voluntary, and the ' Dead 'Maroh'-at the close of both services. At r, Trinity the texts were worked in black wadding, and tho reading desks wero draped in black. At the evening ser vice ?Archdeacon .Hales delivered an im pressivo sermon, touching on the Duke's death. At .St. Paul's Church the 'Dead March' was played: morning and ovening. In the Prince's Square and Tamar-street Congregational Churches the pulpits were draped' in' black, and many of the members of the congregation wore mourn ing. Allusion was made to the death of the Prince' in the prayers morning and evening, and . also in the sermons in. the evening. In the evening at the close of the.service in Princes's Square the 'Dead March' was played on the .organ. At the Patterson-street Wesleyan Church allu sions were made to the Prime's death, the pulpit was draped in black, and the 'Dead March' . was played. At St. Andrew's Presbyterian . Church, Chalmers Free Church, and the Margaret-street Wesleyan Church, passing references were made to the sad event; In the Catholic Church no mention was made of the Prince's decease.,, In the Baptist, Primitive Metho distj and Christian Mission Churches, and in tho Wharf Mission Church, special prayers wero offered up, and Mr. Bird mentioned the Duke's death in his prayers at the Mechanics' Institute morning and evening.. Football Accident. — While tho mem bers of the City Football Club were playing a practice match on the Western Swamp on Saturday, last, one of the players, Frederick Burgess, had the misfortune to break Ms arm, by coming violently into collision with several other players,' and falling. The sufferer was as soon as pos sible conveyed to the nearest medical gentleman, Dr. Pike, who upon examina tion found that the arm had been fractured below the elbow. The doctor promptly attended to the injuries, after which Bur gess was taken to his home in Garfield street, but it will probably be a month before he is able to attend to his work. This was his first appearance with the City Club. Death of an old Colonist.— On Fri day morning last there died at his resi dence, Perth, at the age of 73, Mr. Thomas Alcock, a- very old colonist, who came to Tasmania from England for the benefit of Mb health, about 1810, and has resided in the colony ever since. Mr. Alcock had been in ailing health for some time past, but his end was somewhat sudden. His name will be familar to many readers, but .principally those of manyyearsback,as afre quent correspondent, principally upon ques tions of religion or total abstinence, and he held and defended his opinions with great pertinacity and a style that was not calculated to conciliate, though no one could question his thorough honesty. Mr. Alcock ' was in the olden days a most earnest and consistent advocate ,of total abstinence, then generally called 'teetotal- ism,'a question wMch hadnotthon assumed the prominence it now holds, and was not supported by the numerous associations that now uphold the temperance cause. Many old residents of Launceston will remember the meetings held in the Frederick-street Infant School, amongst, the speakers at which were occasionally Mrs. Dalgarno, wife. of the captain of an English bark then trading here, the late Mr. Stubbs, a partner of tho late Mr. John Tevelein, Mr. Alcock, and others, who, though they played a useful part in their dayi are little known by the rising genera tion. The funeral of the late Mr. Alcock took place at Perth at 3 p.m. Monday. The Pollard Family. — Mr.. Harry Lynch, writes under date 18th February, to the Melbourne Bulletin: — The Pollards ra open in Penang on the 28th inst. for four nights, and then proceed to Batavia via Singapore, so they announce. In a letter from Rangoon (just to hand) the editor of 27ie Times writes me that the Pollard Com pany were all vaccinated on the 5th Feb ruary in consequence of the epidemic of small-pox iraging in that city, and that Pollard, sen., was so ill that he was not expected to live. Criminal Sittings. — His Honor Judge Dobson and Mr. G. Browne, the Judge's Associate, left for the capital by the 8-30 a.m. train on Saturday, while Mr. R. P. Adams, the Attorney-General, left by the express train on the same day. Catholic Deanery.— The. contract for the removal of the Roman Catholic Deanery hairing been let to Mr. Moss,.he is actively engaged pulling down ;the old, building. His operations are bringing ? under pro minent notice the carelesB manner in which the .building haB been constructed, and certainly the removal of the Dean from so dangerous, a ; dwelling is none too soon. The foundations appear to have collapsed to such an extent that great rents are visible in all the main walls, and it is really surprising that- the building has stood so long. The wisdom of erecting a new residence is apparent, since the old one was utterly beyond renovation .or repair, and it is- to be hoped that the new premises now being constructed more to the rear of the allotment will be more conscientiously constructed., . , '. ..: ? Service of SoNG.-WThere was an unusu ally large congregation, at; St.- Andrew's Church Sunday, when a special, service of song was given. The musical part was, supplied in a Mghly creditable, and. pleas ing manner ty^the choir under, the leader sMpiof Mr.' Wallace, while- the 16ev. Mr. ? Lyle1 read the connecting portions of Bcrip ture. i Invalid . Depot. — The following deaths occurred at the Launceston Invalid Depot during tho quarter , ending 31st March, 1884 : — Bailey, John, 80 years, arrived in 18d4, senility ; Norcott, Charles, 61, 1842, paralysis; Sullivan, Patrick, 70, 1849, general debility ; Sholl, John, 74, 1830, phtliisis ; Walmsley, Richard, 84, 1831, senility ; Simpson, William, 79, 1836, senility ; Keough, Lawrence, 80, seni lity ; Thompson William, 73, 1836, dropsy ; Taylor, William, 74, asthma ; Williams Henry, 64, 1845, dropsy. The mean age of these men was 73-9 years, and all wore free by servitude. Father Enrico'. — Wo read tho following in the foreign retrospect of the Anglican Communion ? out of England, for- 1883 : — In Italy the position ;of Count Enrico di Campello is exceptional and remarkable. Being excommunicated by the Pope on account of Ms rejection of the Papal doctrine and discipline, he turned to the Archbishop of Canterbery for recognition and help. This recognition the late Arch bishop, acting as President of the Com mittee appointed by the Lambeth Confe rence, gave Mm, and referred him to the Bishop of Long Island, who is in. chwge of the American Churches on the Continent, for council and supervision. Accordingly, on May 1, Bishop Littlojohn issued a formal license, in which, as Bishop in the Church of God, he declared the excommunication and the anathemas pronounced against the! said priest Enrico Conte di Campello, by the Bishop of Rome, to be utterly null and void, recognised him as a priest of the Church of God, and authorised him to exeeute his office as a dispenser of the Word of God and of the holy sacraments, working wherever there might be lawful opportunity for a reform of the Church in Italy upon the model of the, Primitive Church. Until he received this Episcopal license, Count di Campello refused to administer the sacraments. He now ministers to a congregation of his country men in Rome, making use provisionally, until such time as the service book of the Church in Italy can be duly revised, of an Italian translation of our prayer book. In July he came to England, and was pre sented to the Archbishop of Canterbury, and obtained some insight into the working of the Church of England. On December the 8th he was joined by Monsignore Savarese, member of. the Signatina di Guistizia and Prelato Domestico to the Pope, a grave and learned theologian, who will now probably become the leader of the reforming movement in Italy. It is known that there are ecclesiastics of Btill higher position who sympathise with it. Contemporaneously with the abandon ment of Vaticanism by Savarese at Borne, a new work by Padre Curci, issued from the Press at Florence, dedicated ' to the youpg clergy and the faithful laity,' bear ing the significant title, 'II Vaticano Rogio, tarlo superstito della Chiesa Catliolica,' which may be rendered, 'The Vatican Regale, the worm still remaining at the root of the Catholic Church.' ' The state ments and arguments of the book are as outspoken as the title would lead us to expect. Hobart Benevolent Society. — We have received the twenty-fourth annual report of the Hobart Benevolent Society for 1883 ; from which we learn that during the past year 142 fresh cases applied for relief, five were refused, and 137 assisted. They comprised 46 from illness, 13 women deserted by their husbands, six women whose husbands were in prison, five for children, 22 indoors, 23 destitute, 11 aged and infirm, and 11 accidents. The 137 cases, including 318 individuals, as fol low : — Adults, 57 males, 99 female's ; children, 85 males, 77 females. Casual relief was given to 30 persons going up the country to seek work or into the Invalid Depot, New Town. Work was given to 72 men in +he wood yard, until they pould get better employment. The payment is enough food for the day, for an hour's work, and in necessary cases they are allowed to work for a night's lodging. The Com mittee have established an Emergency Befuge for women and cMldren at Mrs. M'Alister's, Bathurst-street, which has been found a very great convenience in having a suitable place so near at hand for any destitute case. There have been dis tributed during the year 25,1651bs. of bread, 8151bs. tea, 9,1051bs. sugar, l,0651bs. oatmeal, l,4941bs. rice, also 7,558 . pints of soup, in the making of which 2,9001bs. of meat, 4391bs.' rice, 4231bs. barley, 5761bs. peas have been used ; £4 4s 2dhas been realised from the sale of soup, £9 Is 6d for blankets, and £5 18s for 118 dozen bundles of kindling wood';' 105 tons of wood, and 16 tons, of coal have been given by kind friends, wMch enabled tho Begistrar to supply1^ fuel during the winter to those really needing it; the Committee added 20 tons wood, which were distributed to cases of sickness.' ., The Committop have paid £7 3s for lodgings and rent, and ' £4 Is 6d for cab hire to the Hospital for sick persons. The Smiths. — The great family of the Smiths (says London Figaro) occupy fifteen closely;printed columns in'the commercial department of the newly-published Post office London Directory, and the 'Browns eight columns. Only one man in London is given as Fatt, and only 6ne Thinj but there are two Stoutr lit js not generally known that there is in existence a charity for poor Smiths. It was left upwards, of. two centuries ago by an alderman of that name, who bequeathed a thousand pounds for. the relief of captives held by Turkish pirates, and a thousand' pounds for poor kinsmen. Towards the end , of last century, their being .no,, '-captives' to .relieve, an act was passed to devote all the bequest to. poor kinsmen, and .a ^few, years ago these had increased to' between' 400 and 600. The value of the charity is now gome £12,000 a year i Death . by Drowning. — Our Hbbarfc correspondent writes :— An enquiry touching the death of James Degain, who ? was drowned in the Derwont on Thursday ; morning last, was held on Saturday, befora ? : Mr. John Forster, J.P. The first witness,, William WhitehouBe, master of the steam boat Pinafore, deposed that on the* ..-??? morning of the 3rd inst. ho. left forTas man's Peninsula, with several passengers-.' including deceased, who was slightly under' :;?; the influence of liquor when ho came on.. ' l board. When the steamboat had got- - within about half a mile of the Iron Pot,. i-i witness heard- a cry of ' Man overboard!' ? and, looking aft, saw a man struggling in,,.' \ the water, between 20 and 30 . yards. ?;. from the steamer. Tho engines were' ; immediately reversed, and a life buoy was thrown to the deceased, who-V,' Beemed quite unconscious of the efforts; :/ made to rescue hiuu Witness also ordered ;r ? ., the boat, to be put off, but in being-; ,'?:. lowered, it was swamped. By that time.' ? the . steamer had reached deceased, anda.-' passenger named John Green got hold of ?? him with a boat-hook. Tho Iron Pot boat then arrived on the scene, and the man was, .. i ?, ?'? first put into that boat and then transferred j ' O to the steamer apparently dead. Witness' . and, others used every means to restore (,';- animation for over half an hour, but with- ? ; ? out success. Samuel King and E.T.Wallbch. ?.'*?' gave corroborativo evidence. Dr. Lonsdale , Holden, house surgeon at the General Hospital, stated that the body bore no external marks of violence, and there was : ' notMng to indicate the cause of death.'!' The Coroner briefly reviewed the evidence., i wMch, he said, seemed to point to notMng further than an accident — no blame being attached to anyone; at the same time his- ? Worship thought it should' be- imperative ? ? for all passenger boats to be provided with the Humane Society's rules for restoring the apparently drowned. The jury im- . - mediately returned a verdict of acciden-' ' tally drowned. '? Farewell Services. — On Sunday, fare- '? '?- well sermons were preached by the Revs. ' J. G. Millard and D. Annear, who will ' shortly take their departure for their new fields of labour,, viz., Emerald Hill (Vic- ? toria), and Lairobe respectively. In the morning Mr. Annear took his sermon' from John xiv. 0, and in , the evening, when the church was crowded; Mr. Mil- ' i lard preached a very ? able sermon from. ? PMllipians iv., 1. jj A Smart Barber.— A pleasant little: ' ' mateh against :tiniev was brought off at Heckinondwick a few days ago, says the London , Sportsman of February 9. ? This charming town; it should be known, possesses a champion shaver, whose prowess has been often extolled, if not in poetry, at least in proses Some time since a man offered to back the lightning shaver for money to shave sixty persons within the , space of an hour. On one hand it was laid down as a condition that the shaving should be clean, and on the other that the barber ' should have the privilege of selecting the individuals to be operated upon. At the appointed hour the contest commenced, the operator having the full knowledge tha$ for every case in which he drew blood he would have to shave another man. Two latherers went in front bedaubing the row of faces with suds ; the razors, a dozen or ' so in' number, all ready stropped, lay at hand. In ten minutes the barber had . cleared the superfluous hair from 14 faces. In 20 minutes nino-and-twenty subjects had l-een . operated upon. In forty-two minutes the specified sixty had been shaved, but the lightning shaver thirsted for more. He lathered nnd shaved until ,? the hour struck, and then, and then only, the demon shaver ceased from his labours and ' took a long pull at a foaming pot.' . ' , He had Bhaved eighty-four persons ! The. Town Park. — The following fresh.1 '.\ :: donations have, during/- the past week ': ? been sent to the Town Park : — A pair of parrots, from- Mr. James Steer, and a-; ' young platypus,- from Mr. John Kirkwood, : ': of St. Leonards. . ? - - ? The French in Madagascar. — The, .- ; , -..;.' Mauritius correspondent of the Argus ; : ; writing on Feb. 7 says— The blockade o£; ?.;,:,?. Tamatave, if it effects nothing else, ..,,-.» prevents the importation and exportation. ,-,i ? of news. The French authorities open. ,:. every, letter addressed to Antananarivo, and ' intercept correspondence addressed from .thence. Unpleasant communi- ,? cations ^ stop_ there. Telegrams have - appeared in both English and Australian papers to the effect that ? . the Hovas have agreed to tho French.. - terms offered them. There is no truth in — the statement. The French cannot and ?'.'-, dare not remove a mile beyond the ranga .. of the guns of their ships, and the Hovas. ! -,,'.- know it. One cannot say that the Hovas;;! will not come to terms, but for, my parti ,,. think their doing so is almost beyond the ? , . range of probability. . If the French are prepared to sacrifice 50,000 men and spend , , ; £10,000,000 of money, I grant: they could : ;.., capture Antananarivo. But they will riot ,', do it, at less' price,' and the Hoyas know it. „,!,., There is not a more impracticable cam- ., ..';. ., paigning country on the face of the earth. .??'.','. ; Therij are neither roads nor bridges, but:, : ; plenty of rivers and mountains at an angle ,;,., of 45deg. to cross. Every ounce of food ?,; .'; ', would have to follow, an army from the ?.,?.';') coast, carried upon nien's shoulders,, who , ?-,,, must of necessity themsalves eat two7thirds: . , ,. of the food they carry; In tho' matter of , - .'. ammunition it would be the same. Cavalry . ..lr would be out of the' question, and artillery , .'.';', would be reduced to the dimensions of pop- ., guns. No'; you may depend, rupon . it, the;,, -,' French will never take Antananarivo by ,.,, storm. I know the ; ' city of -a thousand ; \ ,. , towns' well, and every foot of ground that ',.?'.} '- leads up to it. : The ^ Hovas hayft.only.to be ..?-,- true to thems^lyies and they , can, defy the , . ; ?^ grande nation for years after she has. ' ' settled her European and Chinese disputes, ' ?* ' . ? ' ? '?''?? -A;CuRiOTis Snake- Story. — A few. days ago as Mr. Henry Griffiths, jun., of Lovely ; Banks, , West Tampa:, was sitting in his, verandah,his attention was arrested by the.; peculiar motions of a cat. On looting more closely, lie. observed that puss was busily engaged in eating the tail of a black snake which had drawn itself ud. and was watch-r' ing the operation , with an : absorbing1 curiosity or overwhelming amazement- at the impertinence that could take such a liberty with its caudal appendage. What ever the cause may have been, the reptile seemed, to be paralysed* and.inadeno at-~ tempt to resent the indignity! How long it might have continued a . complacent spectator of it3 own demolition is uncertain, tut its reverie was . rudely terminated by the interference, of Mr. _, Griffiths, who charged it with a' rake and killed it. The snake was about three feet long. Carbick. — Our correspondent' writes : — ? ADOUC Via a.m. on jaonuiiy, a aovura eaini tremor was felt by most of the inhabitants. It woke up the children and frightened, many of them, as well as their mothers. The houses appeared to sway to .and fro, ?windows and crockery made a loud noise— -? . even the rafters ' were; set creaking. It lasted longer than any we have felt; and, as usual, was accompanied by a rumbling . noise, like a heavy wagon going over a bridge. On Monday the meeting of land holders took place, when Messrs. Monds' and Thorpe were re-elected trustees; ? / A Curious Rumour;— A strange report was current Tuesday. It appears that a few days ago a Mrs. 'Hynds left her home in Hobart, leaving behind her four children, her husband being at work on oneoftho West Coast mines. Yesterday a letter was received by her friends in Hobart from herself, stating that she was in Launceston, and' that she intended committing suicide., Nothing is known of the woman in this town, andit is iprobablo that she will come to no harm, as it is usually those people who make, public1 their suicidal intentions who aro the last to take their'own lives. . . Prevalence op Insanity.— It, is a dis i tressirig fact, but nevertheless a true one, that during the past, few- weeks insanity has been more than usually prevalent in, i- the northern end of the island. This \ is attributed to a variety of causes, | but there can be little doubt that ythe ? ' present religious excitement which is being, 7; stirred up .among a certain class of people hi by the so-called Salvation Army and L; kindred societies has a great .deal to do fe with it. Professor Tolinaque is undergoing ?i medical examination at present, and is U suffering from softening of the brain: A ;? Chinainan attempted to commit suicide j while mentally deranged, and had to be ; sent to New Norfolk, and a young girl of j about. 16 years of age was taken to the ; same 'place from Ross a day or two ago. ] During the past few days five or six persons ' have been sent down to New Norfolk from 1 this end of the island, but it is to be hoped ? that jho- treatment they, will meet whilo therein will restore them to their proper senses,, and that they may speedily be back i, among their friends, sound in mind and .' body.,, . . ? '; '', The- Immigration ? Board. — The regu ; lations of the Board. of Immigration, with 1 reference to assisted immigrants , has 's been i published, and as arrangements i have i been made for the shipment | from London, commencing with the current ;! month, of one hundred emigrants. monthly / direct1 to Hobart, . employers who have ! openings in any lines should communicate ;'- with the agents at either Hobart or ?j Launceston, in order to facilitate arrange 1 - ments for supplying them with the classes ? of labour required. :?? ? \\- . Quail and Wattle Bird Shooting. — ; As the ' dates given in local almanacs as the opening of the quail shooting season ? differ; we may say that the Ganie Protec ; tion Amendment 'Act, passed in October * last, i»ovides that the close season for | quail. shall bo' from the 31st July; to the 30th -April, both days inclusive, which1 ?? ' makes the shooting season open on 1st' ': May and close on 30th July. The breeding ;- season for wattle birds is from the 1st } August to the 23rd',May, both days in ; elusive, making the shooting season open s on the Queen's Birthday and close on the 1 31st July. It would be well if thepolice 1 authorities^ in the different districts were k to issue instructions to secure the observ ;! ance of the close season for quail, as the f manner in which these birds were , openly ' \ shot in'sbme districts last year,' one or two I weeks before the close Beason ended, was '{ disgraceful. ?' Town Improvements.— -It is pleasing to [notice the improvements which are, being ' made in the buildings throughout our town, and it certainly seems an indication that any depression ; oxisting is likely to prove but temporary and that a belief in '? better' ? times before long prevails, ; The j buildings next to Messrs. Taylor Bros., St. I John-street, have for some time pa^t been ! an unpleasant contrast to that firnt's busir, ! ness establishment. Operations have just \- ? been commenced to alter them and convert,, them- into shops. The front is to be brought out fliish with Messrs. Taylor Bros.' and built ;0f brick and cement. Two shops are to take the places of the houses, each to be 18ft. by 25ft. They will, be substantially constructed, the window . frames ,to;bepf blockwood,'with plate-glass.: windows, and ' ' patent steel shutters. .It is expected that ' they -will be -i finished :in- about three months'; time, and when they - are, the ? ?' -whole, willpresent a: very neat block. .;, ; . Equitable i Building.;- Society. — The: fourteenth' annual meeting of : niombera of ? -the La-oncestbn Equitable Building Society,: ' adjourned from 20th February, Trill be. liold afthe'MechanicsMnstituto at '8 p.m;- on Wednesday mext,1 when the Ireport '. and financial statement f6r-the pastjiyear.'jwjll' boeubmifledi'--^-'--'1 *'!fi v.i''-i'K' ?' '^' ;:'' . The Lonsdale IJibel Casb.— rAiLondoft telegram last week announced the result of the criminal proceedings initiated ..by the Earl, of. Lonsdale against ' Mr. Edmund Yates, the woll-known author and journal istj fora libel published in the weekly society jburnal, the World, of whioh he is the proprietor.. .'Tho case has .been .before the Law1 Courts! for, over, a year;; oir technical points' raised by .the dofendarit, but it has now .beon docidod upon its merits, and Mr. Yates has .been sentenced' to four months' imprisonment.: The ? libel in question appeared, in the' World on January 17, 1883, and was as : follows :: — '' A strango story is in circulation! in sport ing circles, concerning the elopement of a young lady of very high rank and noble birth with a young ; peer, whose marriage , was one of affeotion, but ?whose wifo , has, unfortunately, fallen into , a delicate ; state. . . of,- health. The elopement is said'to havetakeni placo from the hunting field. The young- lady, , who iB only one or two and twenty, is a'f air ,rider, and ithe peer a master of hounds.'- The Attorney-General, in applying, for a rule calling upon 'the defendant to show cause why a criminal 'information- should not; bo filed against him, remarked that their lordships would see that the noble lord's name was not ? mentioned! - but- - thbro weije -circumstances connected - with the statement published sufficient to : establish the | identity — such as a young1 -. peer,' his ' marriage being . one of affection, that he wasf a master, of hounds, and that his wife -had! unfortunately fallen into a delicate state, of health.., ?'? Mr. Yates.;made an; apology immediately he discovered that the 'paragraph was false, but this it - seems was not sufficient. ? - - ''?- i- ? IJooal Industry. — For some consider able time past the Chinese firm of James 'AhjCattand Co.- .have /been;, carrying on operations in., this town as -tobacco and cigar ^manufacjnrrers. Their promises in St. I John-street', though small, are :,yory complete, and the industry has been carried on {with , considerable energy.- In.,,tJie manufacturing of tobaccoes European workn men are engaged though at present they are ' not actively employed, owing to a dp pression in trade. The cigar rollers are in full; swing, and generally the quality of leaf; employed is of a much better , class than is ' manipulated in ; small factories, elsewhere. A considerable quantity, of. Tasmanian grown leaf is employed, which is, of a very , fair quality, but generally- this leaf! is; mixed with the imported article, the twpi producing a very 'fair cheap article. Owing to there not being a, differential duty between, the manufactured and leaf tobaccoes this industry does not assume the proportions it might fairly be expected to maintain, and it does seem a rather short sighted policy to have tho same duty on raw! material as on the article manufac tured from it, since thereby labourers are discouraged from settling in the colony, Thel local establishment of Ah Catt and Co. is a branch of a Melbourne firm of -the- same title, and it is rather creditable to Chinese enterprise that it should be one of ? that nationality developing the growing, of tobacco leaf here, while no European has endeavoured to stimulate that branch of agriculture.- .-:..' ,?? ? . ,.,; ? . Mr.1' 'Robert Dowlino. -^ This well-' imd'JTn artist has arrived in Melbourne, and opened, a ' studio ' in ' Collins-street in that city, where he intends to, pursue his profession! A3 inost of, our readers are aware, Mr. Bowling is a younger brother of our fellow to^vngm an Mr. H. Dowling, and ; commenced the practice of his pro fession in Launceston,; he, however, has residedfor a, number of years inEngland. His latest work, a portrait of Lord Mel bourne, the ^veil-known statesman, after whom the capital of Victoria' was named, was, it will be romembered, purchased by Sir W. J. Clarke, for presentation to tho .Victorian National Gallery. '. .'?:,' ' '?'? The Postponed Marriage.-^ Our tele grams announce in this issue that the marriage of Princo Louis of Battenburg to Priricess'Viotoria; daughter of the, Queen's favourite - child- Princess -Alice . of Hesse, had! been postponed , ;until .next' month. This] is in consequence off the death- of Prince Leopold; The . Queen is to bo present . at the marriage.; The couple are first cousins, 'once removed ;' Prince Louis' father,' Princo Alexander of Hesse, is the grand uncle of the young bride. ;Prince Louis of Battenburg is of the grand-ducal1, house of Hesse — on the father's side he is first cousin of the reigning grand -duke, his bride's father. But his mother -was the daughter ? of , a Polish ; count, and was raised, to the title of Princess of Batten burg on her marriage. The offspring of the jmarriage, the mother not being of princely blood, takes her title, not that of Princess of Hesse, just as the/Duke of,. Teck, the husband, of1 bur. Princess .Marie of , .CambridgOj notwithstand ing ' that: - his father was a 'prince of the Royal house of . Wurtombur£, is not himself free to take that; title; because his mother was but a Countess of Hohenstein. 'Her (offspring would (have been Counts and ?? .Countesses of Hohenstein, but'- that they were specially raised ' to the .princely'and ducal title of Teck:,. -What stranger vicis .situdes could a- novelist dnvont than may ? occur in.the life of -a-. ' Royal .personage!' In the letters. 6f 'Princess AKco, which are published, she speaks of actual discomforts ; experienced -by. herself' and ; : children1 for 'sheerfwarit -of .mean's; r .This f girl- about' whoin-.as she stands at -the altar,1 will' ; be emperors', :queons, and countless/ people' of' the highest j rank- in .- Europa,- may have.;' gone hungry to -bed in her ;rather 'forlorn 'childhood! tin Her next sister, .'Princess .-Elizabeth; -may- be married'1 :atj the ? same', ?time as Princess Vic'toriav /Theiosmer is' affianced to: thev Graiid -Duke . - Sergiusfofi 'RusMa; i I the ±: younge'st h son' 7 6'f -. ; 'the - ' late 1 Emperor,' I'.- CjinsiuiiiJiy-.i: na \\-J Ji Jjin1 ' The. Easter :Tbmperance.. Festival. — It was expected that Bishop Sahdford, as ?well as Mr. , Matthew Burnett; would be amongst the i speakers' at the forthcoming Juvenilb Temperance -Festival to be hold' at tho 'Pavilion on Monday afternoon, and :at the public' .meeting 'in the evening, but ! owing to the - Bishop: having to leave . for ; Sydney on-Monday, morning, ho has been obliged to notify his inability.tobe present ?at the festival. ? ? .'. ; ???'.- ' :-'? ? The English Mails.— From'. the local Telegraph-office we learn that the. R.M.S. Rome, with the English mails liift Brindisi to March 7, arrived at ? Albany at 8 a.m. Wednesday; she should reach Adelaide on . Sunday morning, and Melbourne at an early, hour on- Tuesday morning. ' The Tasmanian ; portion lof 'tho/mails will bo brought on. by the s.s. Flinders/ and should arrive here.on Wednesday next. : . .'?? : Ministebial. — rThehonvW1. Moore; Chief Secretary,1 returned from Melbourne Wed nesiiay morning by tho sis. Flinders, after ,a stay in Victoria ; for some weeks, where ho nad been .to' recruit his health, which had been ailing for. some time past. During his stay in Victoria, Mr. Mooro has paid a good deal of attention to the arrangements and management of hospitals, visiting as manyaa possible, and obtaining r informa tion there and! elsewhere, :likely to be 'of , service in Tasmania. He had an interview yesterday forenoon with Mr. G. ,T. CollinB, Chairman' ' of tho Launceston Hospital 'Board, when various matters in connection with hospital affairs-^-the CD. -Act,' etc., werb. discussed. Before leaving for the capital, Mr. Moore, accompanied by Mr. A. .Jones .and- Dr. Thompson, visited H.M. Gaoland the Invalid Depot, and left for the 'capital by tho' express train. '.- . . ' ; ? -Mr. E. W. Woodgate.— ^As1 many :of bur readers are aware Mr. , E. W. ; Woodgato, the well-known . assayer, who has: been a resident in Launceston since he come here' from Sydney some seven years since, and for ; nearly four years past has been assayer at the Mount Bischoff 'T.M. Com pany's Smelting Works, severs his connec tion with the Company at the end of the presjent month. Mr. Woodgate's reputa tion! as an assayer arid - analytical chemist deservedly ' stand high in Tasmania, and|he has made a large circle of friends by whom his approaching departure is viewed with ; great regret. They will, however, be . glad to ; learn that a letter deceived by Mr. Wobdgate yesterday from Sydney notified his appointment, -pending certain final arrangements to be made after his arrival in Sydney, as manager and analyst to the Silver Valley Silver Mining Company, -Herberton, Queensland; The' ?Herberton mining district is ' in the Northern Territory of Queensland, boing 85 ? miles inland from its shipping port at Port Douglas. The' tin deposits are ox tensive and. important, and of the silver lead deposits, which are now in process of development,, that owned by the Silver : Valley Company is- one of theilargest and most promising. The salary attached to Mr.' Wooagate's new appointment is, we understand; '.£500 per annum, arid it speaks volumes for the opinion entertained in Sydriey of Mr. Woodgate's abilities that he, should have been selected for so important a position. ' ' ? ? .-:: Grand ' Gonobkt^'— '?*: A J.concert is to i be given!' at : the Mechanics' Institute on Thursday evening next' on he half of: Mrs. Edmonds, the 'circu'mstances of whose- cose are well known to most of pur (readers; and who has been for many months and still is suffering from a very painful form of hip disease. The concert will be under the patronage of his Honor1 the Recorder, and will be conducted by Mr. A. Wallace, and apart from the object of the entertainment the promise i of a thoroughly enjoyable performance should attract a large audience on the ocension. Masonic. — On 7th inst., says the Argus, Sir W. J. Clarke, as District Grand Master of the English, Scotch,. and Irish Free masons, received the following, cablegram from England :— ' The. Queen sincerely thanks the Freemasons.' The cable mes sage was a. reply to one of condolence despatched- by Sir William Clarke on the death of Prince Leopold; who: occupied the same position as himself in the Masonic province of1 Oxfordshire. - ' i ? Case off' Suicide; — -What seems at first sight to be a case of. suicide occurred at Longley, Huon-road, on Monday, hist (says the Mercury). On 5th instant, a young man named Harry Wilson, came to the Half- Way Inn and reinained there during Sunday. On Mbnday morning he asked the son of the landlady, Mrs. Tabor, to lend him a gun to shoot parrots in the bush.' Tho request was complied with arid he went out. He did not return all night, but no fears were- entertained for his safety, i Early on -Tuesday, however, as Mr. O. Creane, of Allan's River, was pro ceeding' with his horse and cart along the road, his attentibn'was called to an object; lying by! the roadside by his horse shying, at it. He got dowrifto make .examination, and discovered it to. 'be the body. of Wilson. The head was completely shattered,' and one , hand ? clutched an ? empty gun-' which rested between i his Ieg3.' The face ap-v peared' as : if ? native- cats or -some other animals had gnawed away, tho flesh after death had ensued. Wilson came originally from Richmond,, and- :had. been staying in Hobart, out of -work. ,He was;of ? eccentric habits. ? :. ???????; -i'ii '-- ; ;!::': '' ? ; ? ? ' Easter Holidays. — : The . Government offices '-close, ito-day. 'ii Monday ^will .be fobr served as ia public holiday throughout the ? 'colonies'.1- - These I'iirrangements/. -'do- riot; apply to the -Customs/ Post, arid Telegraph, departments,!)-- whioh' ihave ;«been specially -arrariged^forj/l^iE1!5''-' %'-*-??''. '-'?' 'A-'. :!????/- ? ilksoNib.-^Wej :are ^iinformed-.'.ithat';i a,: 'Masonic .! Lodgeiunder the IrjsH ..Constita- 'tibni islto^bb joperiedi,and:i,dedicated';at -Beacon8fleIdtbri^Wednesday,i28rdr instant.,' ?The]name'of tlife'lodgeiia'f'iTlie.StiriGebrge,! 'JSoi ?B3.' ? ??-'aim iojs V. L-iu: t2 Kl '.f^A Jv;»; .: : Appeal to. the Chabitabm.-^-A case oame hefore the Comiriittee! of the Laun ceston Benevolent Society Wednesday after-' noon; which deserves the 'attention of sbine ? chojritablo-minded ladies; ? Th'e recipients for relief were a man in' very ill-health and his -wife (a cripple), both ?? highly respoct ,ahlo. ' They were relieved, with rations, and one. of tho members of the Board stated that tho unfortunate woman would bo ] very willing to do any needlework; which might be given her. Ladies willing to help her can obtain/ the address from the jSecrotary of tho Society, Mr. Tovolein. ' Passengers per the !? Steamers. — Wednesday morning, a large number of poople congregated ; on the Queen's Wharf to witness tho departure and arrival'bf thofMelbourne steamers. The s.s. Pateena, outward found, took 115 saloon passengers, including the Rev. J; G. Millard, Mrs. Millard; Rev.r F. Sinden and sop, Rev. W. A. Brooke.aud several of our leading citizens. In the steerage the Pateena had 45 persons. Thd s.s. Flinders, which arrived from Mol bourrio Wednesday, . also brought a large number i of ' .passengers, including the 'Dfirlds' theatrical troupe, who number eight. : Thoy proceeded to ;Hobart by the ex press, train, where they will open for a!sh'ort season'. .The troupe will visit Launcoston on their return from the capital. .; The Commandant of the Local Forceb. — LieutenantiColonel Legge loft for Mel bourne Wednesday by tho Pateena. . . After a few days' stay in Melbourne, he will leave for New South. Wales, where he rwiHr visit the; Easter Volunteer; encainpment,] Ire- turning to Tasmania, in about three: weeks' time. . : :: ; -, ' . ? '. Lamentable Accidents. — New Zealand file3 show that a distressing- occurrence! happened at Patea on tho night of ,the 24tli ult. Miss Gardner, stewardess of the s.s; Waverley, and two lybung'men named ! William Mitchison- and Thomas Lawrence,' were proceeding.to the'.vessel. The night was; excessively dark, and, when the three were walking along the wharf, Lawrence,' who: was 'on the outside,- walked off:the wharf. In doing so, he got hold.': of .Miss Gardner, and. to : save herself she in turn, caught Mitchison, and the: three fell; Mitchison; endeavoured jto 'Save Miss Gardner, -but -was unable ,,to do.. .so, Mitchison managed to get out very much exhausted, and gave the; alarms A party at |once proceeded1 -,tp: the- spot '.and commenced' -dragging. v.-, After labout half an hour's work, the body of Lawrence: was recovered close to where, he fell in. Miss Gardner was found next morning about a quarter of !a mile down the river. While the work of: dragging ? was going on in the darkness, a.man named Quinn, fell off the wharf, striking the woodwork, and was with great difficulty rescued. On the same date, at Wanganui, two fishermen named Brittain and Scotmpre were drowned. .They had crossed the bar outwards -at .half -past seven, and noticing a squall coming made for the river. The boat capsized- and the. rnqri sank before! the, ..pilot ' boat ? could, render assistance. Brittain was aimarried man, with three children, his wife being in the asylum. Scotmore was single and aged 62\. j .;?.!: .! .? . - .:-: :-:?.:.?. ;, ! Trinity Churoh. — ?& meeting ; bfi the. leading members of Trinity Church con gregationwas held at tho church Wednesday afternoon, to consider the advisableness, of adding a' chancel to the north end of the johurch, in order to' increase the ac commodation. The Ven.' Archdeacon Hales occupied the chair, and after some disciiBsion it was resolved, on the motion of. Mr. jAdye Douglas, seconded by Mr. H. Weedon, that the Archdeacon be requested: to obtain . plans and estimates of. a new church, at a cost not exceeding JJ6000,1 and of sufficient size to accommodate 800 persons. WhiU the phins and estimates are pre-. pared anathor meeting willTie convened. to. further consider the matter. Outrage in the Pacific— A telegram; froni .Brisbane, to the Argus, dated 4th inst., states that the Rev. W. Wyatt: Gill, : who;is, passing through to Sydney, reports that' two accredited ; native teachers, who represent tho.jjondon -Missionary Society at South Cape, New Guinea, have stated that Captain' Nicholas, of Cooktown, shot three.mori at !Defaurol. Island, . Orangerie: Bay; in February last. It appears, that Captain Nicholas put aside some, tobacco which he had in his hand to purchase food, when his. attention .being distracted for a second the tobacco was stolen. Nicholas then shot one man through tho tho chest, the | bullec possing out at his bock. A second bullet went through another man's hand, and a third through the limb , of another. ... It is believed that the injuries inflicted were not mortal. A similar re port]has beon-received from the teacher at; Dinne's Island, which differs from the above! account only with respect to-, the man] shot iri the chest, who was said to -have died; but this statement has not been authenticated. The : Rev. Mr. Gill . is mak- ' ing a roport of the, matter to the Colonial. Secretary.; Mr. Gill fears that the conduct of Captain Nicholas will lead to reprisals on innocent-men. . ;. ,.V ,..; - , . i:- ,,, . . Passengers : on 'the 'Main Line.-— A large number = ? of ? passengers ; left ?? by the ? Main Line Railway' for ' 'Hobart and the intermediate stations Thursday in- view of tho i Easter holidays, nearly 150 - persons travelling by the ?- express train; amongst whom .were 17 members of the Lauriceston' Volunteer Artillery and Rifle1 'Regiments, under the command of Captain Room, of the Rifles. ' .'--' -';ii.r ?'?'';?' '?.'?'? '?'? '? ! Ministerial. — The following ?? telegram cariae1 to hand -Thursday; per ? courtesy of the hon. ] N. J1. Brown :t-' The hop. ? the Treasurer arid- 1 will attend to public busi-i . ness! at Launceston after 3 p.m. on Tuesday next, arid proceed to ' Scbtts'dale : on Wed 'nesday /':?????? ''?''?' '???? ??w.ii :imi :..-.:-.?; i: 