CRUMBS. 1,157 cares. Bakers' strike. What is fallow ! 7 bushels 56 lb. 1 St James' Park. Dr. Guoson dead. Disease aggravated. Laying on of hands. Religion in business. Judge Lynch in Kansas. McLaren crushed again, Another good man gone. Another victim of drink. Female Refuge too small. When will the rain come ? More animals for the Zoo. The staff of life in danger. " Camp Life in Palestine." Fifteen racehorses arrived. The silver lining is growing. Adelaide now looks its best A. Catt on the people's grass. Who navigates the Adelaide! Presentation to Mr. J. Currie. How will our new.loan go off! A Guy Fawkes plot in Toronto. Railway Commission appointed. Bishop of Riverina consecrated. Oriental Bank stopped payment. Rifle Clubs spreading in Victoria. Another Church paper—The Call. Is the purser a navigating officer ! The ministers " know not Joseph." Another direct cable with Europe. Mr. Parsons arrived at Cooktown, Empress-Dowager of Austria dead. Has the Mayor turned a Crusader! £200 to be spent on Victoria-square, Ur. Uunson scholar and gentleman. Captain Lockyer shipped as purser. Oriental Bank noteB sold at 17s. 6d. Union Parliament Ministry formed. Cremation Bill before the Commons. What shall we eat instead of bread ? Osman Digna on the warpath again. A new crop of Justices of the Peace. A paper steam launch. What next ? Do Wesleyans believe in phrenology ? Each man must " strike" for himself. Have you laid in a stock oi firewood 1 Mr. Wood will appeal to the country. Captain Lockyer an " Artful Dodger," Havana bears the palm for explosions. Water obtained by sinking at Eurelia. A fair day's work for a fair day's wage. Twenty new members in a House of 52. , Do you hold any Oriental Bank shares? Water found in the Ninety-mile Desert. Another white elephant—the Protector. Are the days of the Ministry numbered ? Unemployed offered 5s. a day iu Sydney. How many offices does Mr. Parsons hold ? Who ever saw a bullock with two bodies ? Over 128,000 miles of railway iu America. Union Parliament consists of 100 members. Jesuit training-house opened at Richmond. Local option not yet settled. Will it ever be? Transferred from Mr. Wood to Dr. Patter son ! Over-importation is what we are suffering from. Is a Brummagem native a true English man? Melbourne tramways will be worked by cable. Michael Davitt is coming to settle in Aus tralia, Modern dangers—dynamite and excite ment. Union Parliament arranged for a "Han sard. Opinions rather mixed over Mr. Wood's cures. What little caper is the Orient Company up to? A new Masonic Lodge on temperance prin ciples. Which will be the next tramway to col lapse ? Will this not be a land speculator's Parlia ment? A legal opinion that costs nothing is worth nothing. Banks ought not .to become landed pro prietors. New M.P.'s studying deep in Lindley Murray. Hope Valley Lodge worth £13 18s. 6d. a member. Cheap lines of railways do not pay in America. Treasurer borrows money, but appropriates a policy, flindm lindmarah wants a thrower—Is it of the hatchet? The Duke of Manchester is a largo squatter. Ciusader Turnbull has been sluming in disguise. It pays to give uivil servants line Mr. Mais holidays. There are 13,052 miles of railway in England. There are 128,000 miles of railway in America. New South Wales railway carriages lighted with gas. Mr. Wood must keep his handB off all good Catholics. Footballers fight in the field and also in the Press. Donald Dhmic heat M. Victor easily at wrestling. What a grand acquatic procession it was on Saturday. Go ana look at Dr. Schomburgk's chrysan themums. Deputy-Returning Officers should not be partisans. A new Special Magistrate for the Northern Territory. Another colonial loan — Queensland £2,672,000. Rome Sydney passengers released from quarantine. It was too bad to put the Treasurer in the police boat. Has any more news arrived re J. C. B. and the K.C.B. ? Heavy rain in New South Wales. Wish we had some. Mr. Wood laid his tongue on an untartu nnfp PPlVM'tPT. The police force of England and Wales number 34,033. Treasurer getting ready to borrow—not a policy this time. North Adelaide healthiest portion of city as regards fever. Mr. Mortlock, the rejected of Flinders, is to he banqueted. The tip-top palace cars on the American lines cost £2.100. Mr. Wood's season as the healer was a financial success. It has been damp in Brisbane. Ten inches of rain last week. Will Victoria-square be treated like trees on the City-road T The proverbial silver-lining is long in coming into sight. Rev. W. S. Moore leaving school work for Chnrch work. The (President of the Central Board of Health is moving. Savage Club, London, banqueted the Aus tralian cricketers. More dissatisfaction with the Nairne Rail way arrangements. Last month's rainfall was considerably below the average. How many fair trials will Mr. Burgoyne give the Ministry ? ' The autocrat of all the Territory at Bris bane last Thursday. Mrs. Peevor to have compensation for the loss of her husband. We are to have a healing by the laying on of bands institution. The Salvation Army seriously troubling the Gawler Corporation. James Hawthorn committed for trial for shooting his brother. Fear of open discussion implies feebleness of inward conviction. Trinity Church is the oldest Anglican Church in the colony. We shall hear the truth about the Soudan from Cninese Gordon. Glenelg residents rather divided as to salubrity of the creek. £200 is not the market value of a husband in a young wife's eyes. In Sydney they occasionally try to hush up their railway blunders. Is it true that what some men lack in brains they make up in cheek t Central Board of Health not satisfied with North Adelaide sewers. Will the Treasurer have his usual Juck in regard to the new loan 1 Is not one man as good as another ? Not always as regards wages. Thereis already a patent way of tying knots, especially the nuptial one. Will the interesting strangers at the Zoo be locked up on free days ? To " strike" in a body is not only illegal, but an act of intimidation. What a catastrophe if the Ministerial boat naa got upset in tne .Lake, Be a life ever so noisy, suicide seems to be held a breach of the peace. Motion in favour ofFederation Empire now before House of Commons. Beggars get bread from the charitable, and then throw it in the gutter. Health authorities differ as to existence of typhoid in eastern suburbs. Thr iree of the fourteen old members rejected belonged to the Opposition. London Comedy Company specially engaged to appear in Adelaide first. Is India going to beat us out of the field as a wheat-producing country ? The Adelaide Arehery Club has thoroughly beaten the Canterbury Club. Queensland has got a smallpox steamer all to herself. May she keep it. Victoria-square to be handed over to the mercy of the City Gardener. Part Mr. Wood's healing at Port Adelaide —scepticism and monomania. Great demand for tickets for Strangers' Gallery in Union Parliament. Chamber of Commerce does not approve of Sunday work at the Customs. Russian credit still good. Fifteen milllions snbscribed[twelve times over. If you go to Mr. Wood you need not expect the priest to bless you. The ex-Treasurer says Kensington Health Officer should be a gentleman. The average price of American.railways per mile is much higher than here. The Little River railway accident will cost ver £10,000 in compensations. Over 100 passengers are booked for plea sure trip to South Sea Islands. Trades and Labour Council will support the bakers if they go on strike. More railway muddles in Victoria, and of course in South Australia also. Port Adelaide Corporation also want their Town Hall buildings extended. The Government encourage Sunday work ing at the Port and Semaphore. A railway journey of 912 miles in 24 hours 40 minutes. Shade of Ramsay! Melbourne Savings Bank had £40,000 de posited with the Oriental Bank. In the construction of the Pullman sleeping cars only paper wheels are used. Will the new Parliamentary blood produce one member worth listening to ? Young Australia requires not social equa lity .but equality of opportunity. "That vagabond," is how Mr. Wood is described by a patient's husband. Our Government arc not affected by the suspension of the Oriental Bank. It has been easy to drive a coach and four through a Marine Board sentence. A Democrat's Conservatism is social ine quality by equality of opportunity. The Melbourne Navigation Board has made a " set" at Captain Lockyer. _ Will Mr. Mais be able to shake tbe Hall way Department out of the old rut More than half the patients in the Brisbane Hospital are suffering from typhoid. Was the Brier Holme making an overland trip when she damaged a lamp-post ? At last we are going to learn the truth about the prevalence of infectious diseases. The Rev. W. T. Carter does not want an hereditary aristocracy in the colonies. Master bakers ore quite willing their men should only work sixty hours a week. There is evidently a large amount of human nature in Christian Crusaders. Mrs. Browning, South Melbourne, has been beaten to death by her husband. Abanker's lot is not a happy one—so says Chairman of Town and Country Bank. Are we to have a rush of doctors and chemists in the Insolvency Court soon ? New South Wales has lost about one third of her wool production by the drought, Who made money out of the collapsed tramway ? The land-jobbers, of course. Mr. Service rubs the horse down, and our Johnnie helps to do the whish-sh-sh- ing. No strike—no amateur baking—no indiges tible bread—what will the agitators do? Hie late Government Resident has only a dreaty story to tell about the Territory. Mr. Wood has retired, and yet some people in Adelaide are maimed, blina, and deaf. Rev. Turnbull has taken a leaf from the author-actor's blood-and-thunder dramas. Is the brewers' monopoly any worse than that practised by other wholesale dealers ? Mr. Moule is not an alien. Be was born in a place called Birmingham, in England. Friendly Society finances rather mixed in other colonies. Are they any better here ? South Australia has more capital invested in Banking than any other of the colonies. Now then, Messieurs Tarlton, Baker, and Co., what about the cheap American lines ? Hie Commissioner of Lands cannot lose himself when he takes his guider (Goyder). How many more dinners is Governor of Victoria to receive before leaving England? St. Xavier's Cathedral not likely to be opened to Mr. Wood's "mission of healing." More railways are made every year in America than exist in the whole of Australia. Kensington Health Officer has been taking lessons from Mr. Tomkinson in letter-writ ffnowledge Ib not the enemy of religion, but it is often the antagonist of school divi de recent drought will probably cost us 20 per cent, of our total, annual wool produc tion. _ Woods and Forest Department have over half a million of trees for distribution this year. The Delcomyn tabes for London the largest ■ steamer cargo ever shipped from Port Ade laide. - - _ Who left the Mayor's name out of inscrip tion on Robinson Bridge ? Ramsay is blamed for it. Council of the University has written off nearly £3,000.due by'lessees of the Wirreanda lands. Lord Alfred Churchill has resigned the Chairmanship of the Central Conservative Union. In that colony of big things—New Zealand —Mrs. Hampson is regarded, as an ordinary mortal. Mr. Gladstone's new Franchise Bill ex pected to doable the circulation of news papers. Are there to be any more Rotunds, con certs by the V.M.F. Band before winter sets in? If you think your doctor overcharges you, do your level best to injure him profes sionally. Lord Salisbury says no other civilized nation treats its own language so badly as England. It pays to give intelligent officers with the faculty of observation well- developed long holidays. Now we will have a practical test as to the adaptability of the country for horse breeding. An importer's clerk, in Melbourne, operated on his employer's funds to the extent of £5,000 or £6,000. Mr. Thomas Hardy has picked up a few ideas on his travels which he is endeavouring to utilize. If Great Britain will send us a tinker or cobbler fit to be a Premier he can have a show here, Mr. Homburg, the junior for Guuieracha, does not believe in the present Government. Who does? It does not follow because a man can mouth it at a bakers' meeting that he is a good baker. A foreman baker has intimated in a home paper that 300 bakers can find employment m Australia, Another motion censuring the Government conduct of Egyptian affairs before the House of Commons. A new Oriental Bank projected, capital two millions, to take over the business of the one collapsed. Over £300 in one small estate retained by lawyers practising at the Gladstone Court against costs. Will the three Adelaide Colleges follow those of Melbourne, and turn out a smart Cadet Corps ? An elevated railway passing over Adelaide Park Lands. Would that be considered an encroachment ? Tlieffamous Black Watch, now in Egypt, is called by the Paris Press the British .Regi ment of Negroes. English shipping rings have a monopoly of the Australian trade, and charge what freights they like. The Delcomyn at the Port involves a diffe rent tale coming from captain and pilot, Anchorage v. Port. Sun rose at 6.46 a.m., and will set at 5.12 p.m. The moon will rise at 3.36 p.m., and will set at 3.43 a.m. Some of the Victorian Railway rolling stock has been found to be in a dangerously worn-out condition. Pastoral Company, capital £1,000,000, floated to carry on operations in the Northern Territory. What with typhoid, Patawolunga stinks, and its passenger shipping facilities, Glenelg ought to be Elysium. Refreshment baskets on the Victorian rail ways. For 3s. 6d. a wholesome luncheon for two must be provided. The Mayor had more sense than to trust himself in same boat with Treasurer. He stuck to the Governor. The grand acquatic procession consisted of two police boats—one steered by a Bobby, the other by a Johnnie. A scientist says there is more alcohol in a not of jam than in two or three, bottles of beer—colonial, of course. A brute has been committed for trial for kicking to death a woman who was unfortu nate enough to be bis wife. The London School Board have decided" to adopt the Ling (Swedish) system of calis thenics in all their schools. Breaking lamps during a drunken spree is not the style of diversion that should be indulged in by "bankers." Our exports of colonial products during 1882, amounted to £4,187,840, against £3,487,827 during last year. Inter rational messages sent to and from 11 v v. . " ; represent more than a quarter of a million ut money a year. Next week there will be an increase in the number of bilious attacks, and paterfamilias will be particularly irritable. It took the Local Court and a large Bar four days to decide thatfallow" meant the resting of land. Marvellous 1 The Eev. Mr. Shaw is now said by M. Ferry to have been the " victim of a judicial mistake" on the part of France. Chemist Hustler objected to hustle (by selling liim poison) a poor fiddler into the " triumphal march of nothing." Our red-coats' chorus, while marching along the banks of Adelaide's beautiful river on Saturday, was not a success. President of Central Health Board appeals to medical men to assist in obtaining infor mation as to infectious diseases. Twenty million packages per annnm is the average of the business done by the Imperial Parcel Post since its inauguration. Whether Kensington Health] Officer is a gentleman or not, he can write a stinging letter. Is that not so, Mr. Glyde ? The Ellen Harkness Claim at Gympie has crushed 53 tons of stone, yielding 2,530 ozs. of gold. That beats our New Era. Is it true that the employes of certain wholesale faonses work twelve hours a day ? Bakers needn't grumble after that. ' Reported that the Victorian Government had £150,000 deposited with the Oriental Bank when the Btoppage took place. Lord Tennyson had to borrow the robes of Lord Coleridge to be sworn in in the House of Lords. Query—Is he a " fraud ?" Australian business men should do busi ness with Australian Banks—that is the lesson of the Oriental Bank collapse. Petition presented to liquidate the Vic torian branches of the Oriental Bank in favour of the creditors in that colony. No man is a hero to bis valet, and occa sionally he exhibits a good many contemp tible qualities to his medical attendant. The Field Naturalists have concluded that the smell arising from the Patawalonga is open to extreme criticism. Prodigious 1 Has the reporter—morally, socially, and spiritually unfit for his position—given place yet te one after Mr. Wood's own heart? A cynical preacher said a statement that would be swallowed as gospel in a newspaper wonld be despised if found in the Bible. The late Commissioner of Public Works deserves no credit for inducing Mr. Mais to prepare his " observations on railways." In America and India thayjostaiip a "wide* gauge truck on to narrow-gauge wheels, and so overcome the brea&bf-gauge; difficulty. Chinese Gordon says the Government have incurred an indelible disgrace by their desertion of various towns in the Soudan. A Jury gave the following verdict in a case where a man died in a state oi intoxication : —" Death by banging—round a rum shop." If 300 journeymen bakers arrive it is to be honed that they will bring a quarter of a million and 3,000 or 4,000 mouths with them. Is man the creature of circumstances ? The 'question is superfluous in the case of married men, and those who employ domestic ser vants. Whose "observations on railways" are the more valuable, those of the late Com missioner of Public Works or those of Mr,' Mais? Prince Robert, con of the late Queen of the Gipsies, has been sentenced to sixty days' imprisonment for riotous behaviour at Kelso. It iB a poor look out for creditors when a debtor falls into the clutcbeB of gentlemen practising at the Bar of the Gladstone At a late football match at Helensburgh a player got the middle finger of his right hand trod upon—result—amputation, lockjaw*, death. Old PerkinB, of Norwich, now in his ninty Birth year, says he has buried six family doctors. He didn't lay hands on them eitlier. E. T. S. was a long time before he made up • his mind as to going- into police-boat with. J. C. B. He did something like this once' before. Miss Will was married to Mr. Shall. The Won't will appear in the family when Mm. Shall, nee Will, is asked to get np an.d kindle, the fire. Work for the Field Naturalists' Society— the elaboration of zoological specimens for the Museum. What in the name of Pickets - is that? W hat disguise did Mr. Turnbull adopt when he went on his sluming expedition? Bill Sykes, three-card trick man, pickpocket, or what A Jew money-lender, in (Melbourne, ad vanced £200 on stolen bills of lading repre senting £2,000. He thought he had a good margin. Hawarden Church has now become the scene of a disorderly mob on Sundays, in ex pectation of hearing Mr. Gladstone read the "Lessons." The Commissioner of Crown Lands will not give expression to an opinion with regard to the pastoral leases falling in beyond the. Black Line. In spite of the contrary opinion held by the local Superintendent, the Wallaroo Town. Council thinks the railway stock is not up to requirements. Spiritualism has got to Pekiu. The Emps ror's ancestors are said to be in the rampage at night on account of their successor's foreign policy. The Scottish Court of Session at logger heads with the Court of Chancery over the Orr-Ewing case. John and Sandy are likely to have a tussel. A successful carrier pigeon post is now established between Suva and Levuka, in Fiji. A ."powerful steamer takes five hours, the pigeons one. Mr. Parnell now wants £60,000 to enable "a certain proportion of eligible men of pro perty to reside in London during the Parlia mentary session." They have got a railway autocrat at Eadina. Such are the evil effects of the recent shocking example in the political bead Of the department. Look beyond, there's hope for thee break ing o'er the troubled sea—the key to unlock the servant eirl difficulty is to Btudy her manner of walking. Faith always implies the disbelief of a lesser fact in favevv of a greater. A little mind often sees the unbelief without seeing the belief of a large one. The real religion of the world comes from women much oftcner than from men—from mothers most of all, who carry the key of our souls in their bosoms. Mr. Proctor says that in 60,000,000 years the earth will be in the same lifeless state as the moon. Shall we have to wait all this time for the Millennium ? mere arc so many legal gentlemen in some country towns that they are obliged to moo up everything, to detriment of debtor and creditor, to make a living. The Marquis of Bate has offered to the Conncil of the Welsh National Eisteddfod a special prize of £100 for the best translation of a Greek play into Welsh. Victorian Supreme Court dismissed Captain Lockyer's summons to prohibit the Victorian Steam Navigation Board from enforcing the suspension of his certificate. At Oxford University a prcposal to give women the same examination as men at - Universities was carried, after an animated discussion, by 107 against 72 votes. M. Jules Ferry savs the Madagascar Am bassadors displayed bad faith in Paris, having: quitted the Grand Hotel at night, "leaving no other trace than their unpaid bill." She said—" Oh yes, 1 am very fond of little : boys 1" And as a snowball stuck in the back of her neek, she added—" 1 feel as though 1 could eat a couple this minute boiled!" The Southdown foxhounds lately ran a for into Poynings Church, Reynard taking - refuge in the pulpit, .from which he was speedily disestablished and dispatched. What a profusion of prophetic talent we have had of late!—Joseph Symes on Atheism,. Wood on healing by laying on of hands, and Ralph Brown on the servant-girl difficulty. The Irish Nation says the appointment of Dr. Moran by the Pope to the Roman Catholic Bishoprick of Sydney means " the defeat of a darling English scheme." Bosh 1 Forty counsel were engaged in the late Chancery suit, London Financial Associa tion v. Kelk, which involved a sum of £400,000, and occupied 29 days in argument. Barrel-organ grindingis now prohibited ia. the streets of Paris. The grinders are be , lieved to be in league with housebreakers who operate while the Parisians step out to listen. Old Bismarck has been sat upon by Unclp. Sam over the Lasker incident, the U.S. Minister at Berlin being transferred to St.. Petersburg, and the vacant post left unfilled. Prince Bismarck was so irritated over the Lasker incident that he lost 40 lb. of weight in a few days. One of our telephones would' bring the old autocrat to his bones in leaa time. Yatina children rejoicing. The shelter shed has been erected so as to mock up the win dows, and on dull days there will be no - school and no lessons. Hurrah for Mr.. Smith 1 Awkward coincidence—While Sydney Go vernment are at their wits' end what to do with unemployed, in comes a ship with 873 immigrants. We have had a like exx>e rience. The great Mormon Temple at Salt Lake, which has been 28 years in hand, is now approaching completion. The walls are 10 a feet thick and 85 feet high. It has already^ cost $4,500,000. At a late meeting of the Society of Anti quaries of Scotland a paper, by Dr. Munro, v as read on the " Danish Kjokkenmiddings —kitchen middens, or dust- bins of the auld Twives of Denmark t A Jury were five days debating on a long caee involving a hog worth $7, and then came in, iound the hog not guilty, and recom ■liiended both plaintiff ana defendant to the jneicv of the Court. A Coroner's Jury rendered a very singular -verdict, that a man whose body was found in 'the river came to his death by a blow on the iiead, "which was given either before or -Ufter the drowning." The imaginations of some of the recent '^Trades Congress delegates are in a bad state -ot control. A Sydney boilermaker magnified £5 for repairs on a home-built Melbourne dredger into £5,000. It has been decided that the inscription to -be placed upon the bust of Lord Beaconsfield -designed for a niche in Westminster Abbey, Bhall be simply:—"Lord Beaconsfield, twice •Premier of England." In California the foulest specimen of a "Chinaman will select one of the best seats in •a rail or tram car, and as the Yanks clear out John's chums appropriate the vacated lots jvitk childlike innocence. "Jury," said a Judge, "you kin go out :and find a verdict. If you can't find one of your own, get the one the last Jury used." 3?he Jury returned with a verdict of f Suicide in the ninth degree." England and Wales, with a population of 26,752,974, contributes to the revenue £58,345,039; Scotland, with 3,825,744, contri butes £8,005,709; and Ireland, with 5,042,572, 5ields only £6,654,129. Another injustice 1 "Has old •Gladstone come out yet?" en quired two detectives of the policeman at Palace Yard one night lately. The G.O.M. Stad come out and gone home without his usual guardians, who immediately gave chase. Union Parliament Ministry: — Premier, Mr. J. G. Jenkins; Attorney-General, Mr. T. W. Fleming; Treasurer, Mr. J. Ashton; Education, Mr. W. J. Sowden; Crown Lands, Mr. H. D. Gell; Public Works, Mr. F. John Bon. The Gladstone Branch of the Farmers' As sociation is jubilant because so many members •of Parliament have beeu put in on the farmers' ticket. Is it a fact that the electors did not care two straws for the farmers' .ticket ? During the month of February the shin >jnents of gunpowder from the Clyde ■amounted to 140,320 lb. Of that quantity ■30,000 lb. went to Sydney, N.S. W., 20,000 lb. to Valparaiso, 17,920 lb. to Singapore, and 22,400 lb. to Adelaide. The harvest of " healing by the laying on ■Of hands" has commenced. On Tuesday Mary Smith Saulk, aged 37, who had waited on Mr. Wood's ministry, was sent by the Port Police Court to the Lunatic Asylum .Buffering from religious mania. -The Victorian Postmaster-General was Tecently suffering from a severe attack of ■cacoclhes ecribenai. It cost him, before he was out of danger, an abject apology, £50 ^donation to the local poor-box, and heavy law costs. Shade of Northmore 1 The Rev. Ralph Brown last night said that phrenology, the method of walking and shaking hands, would enable persons to know how to deal with servants or to select a wife. Set up an academy, Rev. Sir. We can do the latter hut hitherto Bridget has defied all our methods of dealing. Mr, Henry George lately had to deliver heveral of his lectures in the open air at Skye, owing to his not being allowed to hire the local school-rooms. There is nothing very novel in this. When one rises Skye-hign -one expects to find only the open air, and the hire one gets the more open the air is .likely to be. Charles Bradlaugh, the infidel member of Parliament, has a brother, who is actively engaged in evangelical work. The latter • disclaims any differences with his brother, \- except in religious opinions, and though there is no fraternal companionship between them, he says he loves him as much as ever and confidently looks for his conversion to < (Christianity A certain musician, disgusted with the .Chattering that usually takes the place of listening during a musical performance, ar ranged with his violin, his violoncello, and \- the rest that the music should suddenly stop in the midst of the loudest passage in the piece. It was done, and, clear ana distinct above all the loud talkers'voices, theBe words ■^vere heard—" We always fry ours iu lard." The increase of insanity ib not confined to lliis country. In 1868 the number of lunatics reported in France was 34,000; to-day it is nearly 60,000. It should be remembered, however, that such statistics presumably become more accurate and complete every year, and moreover that many a person is now pronounced insane who would have -been considered merely eccentric fifteen years . ago. There are 103 lunatic asylums in France, of which 61 are public and 42 private. The Bayreuth police recently released from the House of Correction a man who had . served a term of eight years, during which he had so persistently and skilfully feigned blindness, deafness, muteness, and idiocy, that the closest scrutiny by day and night failed to convict him of the ruse, though he was suspected all the while. No sooner was be out ot prison Jhan he returned to thieving, and now ne is again in gaol and still defying the authorities with his old trick. Aviary at Thornton Park Reservoir.— jA very large and pretty aviary has been for . some time completed at the Thornton Park Reservoir, being about seventy feet by sixty feet, and twelve feet to the ridge, with a rise of six feet from the wall-plates. It is light, strong, elegant, and effective; built of T-angle iron throughout, covered in with fine gal vanized iron wire net, and the roof addition ally covered with deal slats, like the roof of a . sliadehouse. The aviary is supposed to serve a double purpose, as it covers the large fiBh pond of the Acclimatization Society, in which at present there are some fine trout.which are expected to spawn next season. The in terior of the aviary consists chiefly of the trout pond, and a pathway of about eight feet around it. There are no aquatic plants in this, nor are there any in the serpentine channel outside, in which the ova are sup posed to be hatched. It is reported that the •water in this last channel becomes too warm for the yoimg fish, which is very likely, owing to the shallowness of the water and the absence of plants. It is necessary to give vegetable food to fishes as well as to fowls, sheep, and other animals; and the ponds cer tainly ought to be planted with aquatics. The most extraordinary thing is that there are no birds in this expensive aviary, except four or five goldfinches and a canary or two. It appears to be admirably suited for the thrushes, blackbirds, and other English song birds which are being imported freely of late. The attention of the Acclimatization Society lias apparently been directed of late to the use ful work of introducing and establishing valuable varieties of fish, birds, plants, &c.;, and elephants, tigers, bears, lions, and other ornaments, &c.;, but less important animals jiave occupied their attention. 