HOME AND FOREIGN ITEMS. I (Home Pajierii, June C.) I THE French Senate have adopted hy a ma- jority of 10X1 to 1 IS a bill which makes divorce possible in France. By the explosion of a steam bleacher in a factory at Waterford, near Troy, New York, five men have been killed. Thc American State Comnusiion has re- ported that foot-and-mouth disease has been entirely.stamped out in Maine. During the excavation of a tunnel on the South Pennsylvania Railway near Ligonicr, a scaffold fell, killing lune persons and seriously injuring eleven others. The united States Congress hos passed a bill extending thc duration of the Court of Alabama Claims till December 31, 1885, so that the Court may distribute among the claimants thc entire remainder of thc Geneva award. Tho Reading Railroad new wages note has just appeared on the streets of New York, Employer* take them without objection, selling them at aliout 4 per cent discount. They run for three months, bearing 0 per cent interest. At Naples, a few days ago, a carabineer re- cruit, Vicenza Marnio, fatally shot his cor- poral for having placed him in detention on account of bis neglect of duty, and then assumed the râle of one unaccountable for his actions. » It is estimated in Milwaukee that thc wheat crop of the next harvest will be about 505,800,000 bushels, which is 50 millions above the average of the last five years. Spring wheat is especially promising. The military tribunal at NaplcB have de- livered judgment in the case of the soldier Mildia, who killed and wouuded several of bis comrades recently in thc barrack of Pizzopal come. The accused was condemned to be shot. The King of Sweden and Norway has awarded a gold medal to Mr. Alexander Mair, master of tue British schooner Norseman, in recognition of his humane conduct towards the master and crew of the Swedish steamship Atlantic, which foundered in thc Atlantic on December 15 last. In the course of last year thc fternian Life- boat Society, which snppurts 87 lifeboat stations, saved 277 perBons belonging to 47 German vessels, and to five Knglish, four Dutch, four Swedish, three Danish, and two Russian ships. The French Minister of Education and thc Fine Arts has proposed to place at thc dis- posal of M. Pasteur, for the prosecution of bis scientific experiments, alargo domain uituutcd at Villcneuve-Ktang, which lwVmgs to the State. The Mississippi River has maxie a "cutoff" nt Waterford. Louisiana, 3000 ft. long, taking off twelve miles of chcuitons channel. Steam- boats go through thc new channel, which causes almost the whole river to flow at great velocity. Some land has been engulfed, and a small village hos been destroyed. . Political arrests continue to bc made in Russia almost daily, and cease to attract any attention. A few mornings ago a well-known family in St. Petersburg was suddenly alarmed by the appearance of a pow of heavy-clanking gendarmes and police, who unceremoniously entered the apartments while most of thc in- mates were still slumbering, and camed off thc governess to thc fortress. The girl lind only entered thc family the previous day. No explanation of any kind was offered. At the Clyde Ironworks, Caimyle, on May 3, four men wera killed and one seriously in- jured by the explosion of a furuancc which they wore about to "tap." The explosion seems to have been made possible by one of the men who waa killed having allowed the rornance to get out of order. Ab extraordinary leap from a train is re- ported from Tipperary. As a train on the Waterford ¿nd TifaWok ' Ur» was passing under Springtide Bridge a man named Doncgan, from Cappawkite, leaped through tile carriage window and alighted on his head on the ground. He immediately got on hie legs and walked a few steps, hut staggered and fell, lie got np and pulled Out his hand, kerchief and waved it towards the passengers, and then, leaping over a wire fence, ran across the fields towards Tipperary. He was found afterwards in a public-houBC in thc town. No explanation of his action is given. A fire broke out in thc stables of the Glas fow Tramways and Omnibus Company on fay SI, and so rapidly did thc Haines spread that 150 horses wore burned to death, only 40 having been saved. The stables consisted of a three-story brick building and a wing. All the efforts which were put forth to save thc stables proved unavailing, but the fircraon succeeded in preventing thc flames from ex- tending to the adjacent structures. The value of the horses destroyed is estimated at £6000, the building itself having cost £10,000, and thc supplies of fodder lwing seriously dam- aged. The total loss is estimated at about £20,000. DuRTNO thc performance of a farce at Taun- ton by Miss Maggie Morton's Comedie Com- pany, on June 3, the curtain of one of the wings on thc stage took fire. Thc greatest alarm prevailed amongst the audience, who ot once mndc a rush, amidst thc screams of thc women, to the doors. One of thc actresses came to the front and besought the audience to be calm, as there was nothing serious in thc matter. The audience for the most part resumed their seats, and the members of thc orchestra succeeded in extinguishing the flames. Thc performance was then nm'shed. John Bagley, boatman, was drowned at Tividale, Rowley, on June 3, under distress- ing circumstances. He made a bet with u a friend that he could swim across a pool 60 yards wide and 60 feet deep. On plunging into the water it is supposed that he was seized with cramp, for he sank immediately. One man had a narrow escape from beb«: drowned ill attempting to rescue him. Thc deceased was to have been married'next day. Two Portuguese explorers who have attempted to explore a portion nf South Western Africa, starting from Pinda in Mossamedcs, a country which is some hundredf of miles to thc north of the debateable land o: Angra Pequeña, describe it os a wild arie zone of gneiss rock, intersected by dcc| ravines, " a desert burnt up by thc terrible sun, the doinaiuc of thc lion and thc leopard.' The idleness of Niagara has often arouscc1 the wrath of the industrious Yankee, who hai exclaimed, *' It is disgusting to soe BO niue! strength wasting itself in doing nothing bul splashing, or. at most gi ving shower baths tc citizens too dirty to be cleansed by uíiy oíliéi means." Now, however, Niagara Falls arete carn their living, and a 40-foot electric battery is to bc worked day and night by it, This will transmit enough electricty to lighl sixty-five cities, all over 30,000 population. Thc scheme for an Atlantic-Alcditerraucar Canal excites lively interest in Spain. It liai diplomatic stratagem and commercial interest and tile proposal for a canal from tile Atlantic to thc Mediterranean, which is to convert thi Iberian Pcnuisula into an island, appears nov to bc in a fair way to become nu accomplish et fact. Starting from thc Gironde, thc canal i intended to touch Toulouse, contimiiiij through Langedoc and joining the Méditer ranean near Narbonne. As thc site for i commercial emporium, Narbonne holds i position second to none in France, bebij placed at an angle of the Gulf of Lyons, usu m thc valley of the Aude. The Maori King, Tawhino, and Iiis suit were occupied on June 5 in visiting points c interest in London. It has been arrange that they should leave the hotel in thc cit where they have been staying, and take u their residence in Montague-place, Russel sijunrc, close to the British museum. Demcti House is owned hy Mrs. Raintsbury, a lad whose name is well-known in New Zcalam and who luis furnished a buitu of moins au fitted up the garden with tents for the accoii modntion of the party. As nt preset arranged, King Tawhiao will remain i England two mouth?, but thc visit may I prolonged. According to a telegram from Tclicrau violent shock of earthquake occurred on tl night of May 19, at the island of Kislim, nei the mouth of thc Persian Gulf. No less thu twelve villages were destroyed. Two bundi e people were killed, and many others injure Kishni, it may be stated, is thu lurgcst ishui in thc Persian Gulf, and is surrounded 1 many smaller islands. It is seventy mil tong, and averages twelve miles broad. Tl population, chiefly Arabs, ilumina- about 500 aud tiley have hitherto carried on a hrh coasting tracie. Thc principal town is sitnati on the eastern side of the island, whii belongs to Persia. In making excavations at Antwerp on tl site of a furnier lied of thc little River Schcy choked up Arith sand since the tenth centur thc remains of a boat stated to be of ¡nco testable antiquity have Ijeen discovered by I Van den lirocck, Conservator of tho Mnseu of Natural History, at the bottom of a ile trench covered over with twelve feet of fluvi deposit and a layer of polder clay. In t Íiart of the boat that has liccn uncovered ha »cen found fragments of pottery, pieces leather, mid of rope made of straw, nud na of peculiar shape, and it is hoped that wh the whole vessel is exposed to view otb interesting relicB will conic to light. Tbefive millions sterling stipulated forby t Lords' Committee on the Manchester SI Canal was forthcoming Wore thc day w out. Manchester hos thc coumge of its cc victions, and .our cotton princes aro, fori natcly for themselves ami their bill, qu prepared to show their confidence in hu cash. Nothing succeeds like success, and ? sooner was it certain tbnt thc project hm fair chance than those who hail hung bu before were ready to como forward, and tin who had assisted thc enterprise were willi to double their aid. Tho amount cxpem ou both sides in this advance liattle hus i been ICBS than a quaitcr of a million stcsrlii A very fair idea of thc manner in wli fish will multiply in favourable eircuinstaii is afforded by thc result of tho uununl dm ing of the five-acre pond near thc Wh House at Washington. According to Commissioners of Fish and Fisheries, ? increase was eighty-five thousand in one ye nud that in a shallow pond not five acres extent. Thc fish taken for stocking ot ponds varied from thc small fry of half an ii or so in length, to specimens of thc roojn allie weight of two or three pounds. Altlioi the Government ponds uro annually netted gratuitously supply, thc demand for c. suitable for ponds, there are several priv speculatnrsv.'ho make carp breeding a burin, and get as much as five dolíais a pair for 1 of the right size for stocking purposes. CiVMMF.NTÏNtï on thc duty nf cltctors in the ] contest at Maiylxiron^h the Chromrh- snyw : - ; Thu, <"ïovennm'ut candidate, however, cloverly j he may fcin;e inconvenient iiirniirics, is bound ti) approve, and vote for, the Government policy ; and that policy includes the introduc- ? timi oï a eort-um class of Kuropcan. labour which, unlike i'olyncbian, Coolies, or Chinese," caunot bc preven teil from competing in the local lal lniir murk ct, or from unta hiing elec- toral privillon and heroin i ng a power iii tho State. Thc cn;>tfeuicnt of crowds of Italian, Milesian .mil Vf dish peasants at starvation waj^us, in order to silence tho demand of the su^ur planter* for cheap labour, cannot fail to bring down thc average vate of vrngcH to the Bame miserable standard. This ^van thccllvrt of thc indentured iimrmn Inhour with wln\:í¡ tlie southern districts of thu colony wert! in- undated in the days of thc Herbert Ministry, and what happened twenty-two yean JV^O will happen again should II niinilnr cause tte mude oncü more to operate. No iimount of claptrap phrases, about ovtcnriiii£ the hand of hcotlicr íiotirt to all cornera, will get over thia un- pleasant certainty, and the inevitable result of thus sacrificing the working men of the colony to the interests of a class wilt bo to create an outcry for the stoppage of all immi- gration» brotherhood and Vombast notwith- standing, aud wtÄ that outcry, all the evils that Tait on a itagrtant and eparac population 