There can be no two opinions about the present precarious position of our sugar planters. The lo«- price of sugar all over the world and the very unwise and too stringent measures adopted by our present Government with regard lo the Kanaka labor question make the position ol our sugar growers doubly serious. With the low price of sugar our planters could possibly put up with till the worlds markets get rectified from over-production and recovered prices ; but, with the labor question, look at it which way one will, with the present party in power, there is not the slightest chance of it ever resuming its former supply ; whilst long indented servants from any part of Europe will be found, from experience, to be thoroughly un reliable and costly, and vexatious in the extreme. Europeans will not be bound for long terms to work in cane cultivation, neither will they work long for small wages. Nor is it at all reasonable or likely that men, if they are any good, will wort on a plantation (or 15s a week, when average men on our public works get 7s a day for Ailing earth or breaking stones. There would be something radically wrong if such was the case. The fact is that in any European immi gration we may get to this colony the bulk of those galling -themselves farm laborers ney^rjsliw a farm in their lives —only from^jtumpike^d or&gailway; carriage jHridow whejfttravellingfol em1; bark to Queensland. ~ t)ur immigrants are made up5Jf-he;5Vne]er ' of the large towiis'oT-the British empire or of the continent; and n the least likely that a new ehi lnthe selec tion of farm laborers 'is going*, to be inaugurated, or that farmers^ or, sugar planters will be any better, sff -in the v future than, what 'they,1 have been in the past. Hence, arises the 'necessity for farmers and planters to well consider their, positions.. Some of .our largest planters are, as is well-known, changing1 their-crops, of sugar-cane for -.props of grass, and are going in- for cittle and horses; whilst smaller farmers, are re ducing their sugar crops for* sale to the mills, and are turning their attention to inaize and lucerne and other crops realising fair prices and not requiring the quantity of labor sugaT does require, if cultivated properly. In connection with this change in our agriculture, perhaps in the long run the Logan ? district may ' be the gainer, and especially will -this be so if our farmers take advantage of the most recent im provements in farming implements, in dairy husbandry,wand in. fruit and . pro djee growing, and adopt' them according to their circumstances.^. ! ? The near approach of railway commu nication to the Logan district opens out a wide, field for enterprise in the direc tion of producing milk, butter, eggs, bacon, as well as for fruits and other produce, which it will afford by giving access to the best market in the colony, and which at present is mainly supplied with these articles from the Southern colonies. A dairy farm with good cows, a small area of lucerne, and a paddock for a .small run for the cows, conducted upon j the family principle, ; or, say, a farmer, his ! wife, and two men-servants and one maid-servant, ought not to be considered below the level of growing cane ; and it ii more than certain, with a pair of good farm horses, a mowing machine, and hay rake, -enough green food could be grown o:\ a small area of land turned out o' sjgar that would feed milch cows, an I produce a handsome return in milk an j bitter. Even in our ho: country science njw can, in a small iron building, give a temperature in all weathers that will kjep milk and butter, and cure all kinds of meat during the hottest weather, and at a very small cost relatively, if there is a quantity. The difficulties o' a dozen years ago have all vanished. A freezing room, a Danish cream separator, and the troubles of sour milk and the cream not rising are over. The refrigerating railway cars and proper vessels for trans piration, p1ice*Logan farmers l --day ;t an immense advantage over those ot only a few shefrt years ago. If this system, is found too expensive for one firmer alone, let three or four join, and let them erect their buildings in ccntral places near a railway station for facilities of transport. These buildings, too, for curing bacon in, will be of incalculable advantage, and farmers will seldom suffer from inability to cure their bacon when they have fed it. which has been the greatest obstacle to our farmers having plenty of the Queensland article. There is another aspect from which our farmers may look at the establishment of these refrigerating factories. ' Tliey may get the residents of small towns to help them by employing their engines some part of their time in producing the electric light and lighting up a small town from such a factory, The lighting, up of the Courier office in Brisbane by the electric light is a most satisfactory affair ; and Messrs. Hutton, of Spring Hill, who advertise in our columns for bacon and butter, has just had a refrigerat ing room built in this colony, having had one in Victoria for some time work ing in a most satisfactory manner. 