NEEDLES: "Short, Sharp, Shiny." Apron Heart And hand Institution Of Grand Lodge. Of South Australia, Why I became a mason— Because plastering didn't pay. Lee v. Simms.—"Brewer's Monopoly." Mr. David George is said to be missing. Chief Justice to be Grand Master Mason. Everything comfortable on Torrens Island. Edithburgh is the place favored by alder- men. Last weak 217 arrivals and 194 departures by sea. Sir Michael Costa, the eminent musician, is seriously ill. Yacht Ivanhoe has arrived safely at Largs Bay.—All well. Field naturalists going to have winter evening meetings. A turtle weighing about 3 cwt. has been seen in the Gulf. Our immigrants during last week exceeded our emigrants by 23. At the great Vanderbilt ball in New York, £6,000 was spent on flowers, Banner for Seamen's Union, Port Adelaide, will cost £105. Unfurl the flag. Messrs. Parsons and Pater leave for the Northern Territory on Saturday. Lad Lange while rabbit-shooting shot himself. Verdict, accidental death. Baron Tennyson has enjoyed a civil list pension of £2o0 a year for 39 years. How is it that all the leading musical com- posers of England are becoming ill? A Chinaman has raised 400 gallons of water at Silverton, in the Barrier district. Another patron of literature and art gone with the death of the Duke of Buccleuch. Don't leave your gloves and aprons behind when you attend the Grand Lodge meeting to-night. One young man writes to say that he is not another young man. Well, we never said he was. Mr. Parell has cruelly denounced the "craze" of Mr. Henry George and Mr. Michael Davitt. We have heard of Choctaw, but can any of our readers tell us where the "Tschuwash" dialect hails from? The sale of rubbish found in gutters and bins realises in France the prodigious annual figure of £1,840,000. The Spaniards have a religious reverence for the banana, believing it to be the fruit of which Adam partook. In 1883 there were 10,224 failures in Eng- land and Wales. There were also during the year 576 companies wound up. A bunch of oats with a few peacock feathers mixed with them, and tied with a large bow, makes a pretty wall ornament. The Arctic raspberry is one of the smallest plants known. A six-ounce vial will hold the whole plant, branches, leaves, and all. The new Speaker of the House of Com- mons when sitting in the chair "looks exactly like one of the sculptured warriors of Nineveh." A small vessel which early in last month was reported lost with all hands was built in 1,765, and had therefore been to sea no less than 119 years! The Wurtemburg Government have issued a prohibition against persons of either sex under 16 years of age from dancing in places of amusement. A Port Glasgow firm of shipbuilders have launched a tug of l,500-horse power, said to be the most powerful in the world, for service in the Hooghly. The Russian police have suppressed a class book containing extracts from "Hamlet," because they regard Hamlet as dangerous to political morality. The money value o£^':be French herring harvest for tho four years ending-1882 was 34,771,600 francs. The sardine fishery has fallen eff considerably. A bock containing the sentence "Majesty of nature" has been suppressed in Russia as directly infringing the Imperial title. "Some is Rooshuns," as Mrs. Gamp says. A novel feature in the management of F. W. Robinson's popular periodical Home Chimes is that the profits of the paper are divided amongst members of the staff. At Gujrat in India is the tomb of a Mohammedan saint called Shab Daula, and it is asserted that idiotic children are fre- quently dedicated to the service of this shrine. The Athenæum is glad to hear that the merits of Dr. Murray's dictionary are being cordially recognised by continental scholars. The sale, too, of the work is highly satisfac- tory. Numerous old books and papers and English and Spanish coins dated early in the last century have been found secreted in different parts of the oldest house in Balti- more. Lord Aylesford is reported to have pur- chased a large bar-room at Big Springs, Texas, where it is thought that it will be a profitable speculation "to run a lordly saloon." It is said that for every novel printed and published in England ten are written and rejected. This makes an average of 3,000 novels which arc written in that country every year. Magnifying glasses may be traced back to the days of Confucius, 478 B.C. He says— "As we use a glass to examine the forms of things, so we must study antiquity to under- stand the present." The custodian of the Paris morgue says that seven of every ten persons whose bodies are found in the Seine and elsewhere were strangled in a peculiar way known as the handkerchief method. The sawdust and refuse of the sawmill is now made to yield fourteen gallons of turpen- tine, three to four gallons of resin, and a quantity of tar per cord. It would seem as if nothing was made in vain. The cost of the first presentation of Buchanan's "Storm-beaten" in New York was £4,000, It requires eighty men to pro- duce the earthquake scene in "Claudian" at the Princess Theatre, London. Two hundred and fifty pounds is claimed for injuries received through upsetting of one of the cars of the Prospect, Nailsworth, and Enfield Tramway. Some people never have damages but they will ask for more. The latest method of card swindling is to cover the backs of cards with particles of phosphorus corresponding in number with their face value. The cards must then be surveyed through dark blue spectacles. The commission presided over by General Ignatieff, and charged with the enquiry into the state of the Governments of the Steppes and of Turkestan, has discovered a deficit for the last fourteen years of 100,000,000 roubles. The town of Waltham, Mass., will probably soon be incorporated as a city, and its charter is already written and ready for adoption. The census of the town shows a population of 14,445, an increase of over 20 per cent. since 1880. Since the appointment of the British Wreck Commissioner in 1876 shipping disasters to the number of 402 have been in- vestigated. Of these 36 were unpreventible, 40 doubtful, and 326 might have been pre- vented. Mme. de Bille, the wife of the Danish Minister, who visited the Zunis last summer and was much interested in them, receivedfrom them, under Mr. Cuahing's direction, a re- markable Christmas card of their own manu- facture. There is one great perfume distillery at Cannes, in France, which uses yearly 100,000 pounds of acacia flowers,140,000 pounds of rare flower leaves, 32,000 pounds jasmine blossoms, 20,000 of tuberose blossoms, and an immense quantity of other material. Mr. Henry Irving's two sons show much cleverness in tableaus and recitations. They recently took the parts of Joseph and Charles Surface in an amateur performance of "The School for Scandal," and are said to have shown dramatic talent of a high order. It will be a strange fact to many that the mistletoe is more rarely found connected with oak trees than with any other. There are only twelve mistletoe oaks known in Eng- land. It is, we think, generally supposed that the mystic bough is found only upon the oak. Tho institution of Sunday concerts and entertainments has evoked the strongest dis- approval of the various Glasgow Presby- teries, whose members loudly condemn the horrible profanation of the Sabbath, and threaten its authorities with every variety of "divine and human vengeance." Wilkie Collins recently strayed into a London theatre where "The New Magdalen" was being played. The ushers whispered the fact among the audience, and there was an unanimous call for "the author," which only ceased when the famous novelist reluctantly appeared on the stage, blushing and bowing. 