Italian Labourers. THOUGH the Immigration Act Amend-<*> ment Bill has now almost passed from the Legislative Assembly, yet there is one point in connection with it as to which, we think, some satisfactory information should be given either in that Chamber or the Council before it becomes law. Under the bill as it stands labourers may be indented from any country in Europe, but there is an impres sion that the Government intend to so ad minister it as to confine the immigration to Germans and Scandinavians. On one oc casion during the present session some of *he supporters of the Ministry, spoke of Italians as being a very unsuitable race to introduce, and used language which has led some people to believe that it wris not intended that they should be. eligible for introduction under this bill. Now, the Italian Kingdom contains several distinct races of men, whose characteristics are very different. There are, perhaps, no more industrious, hard-working, and law abiding people in the world than the Pied montese ana the Northern Italians generally, and they possess some advantages as labourers in a semi-tropical country over the people of the north of Europe. They are not only accustomed to labour in a much higher temperature than Germans or Danes, bqt they are acclimatised in a country where the prevailing diseases are much the same as in our Northern coast territory. Fever is the prevalent complaint in Italy as it is in the North of Queensland, and the race which has become hardened against it would therefore be less liable to suffer from it here than those whose constitutions have never before been exposed to the influences that produce it Besides this the agriculture of Italy deals with many products for the raising of which our cli mate is admirably fitted, but of the manage ment of which English, German, or Danish settlers are necessarily ignorant. Mr. Griffith's idea is that after serving a year or. two as labourere on the sugar plantations these indented immigrants will settle upon the land as cultivators on their own account. If they do so, a few Italian farmers experi enced in the cultivation of the vine, orange, and olive, and accustomed to sericulture, might be the means of establishing some fresh branches of the agricultural industry in Queensland. Whilst ab irrigation is very largely carried on iv Italy, they might possibly set our people an example in that too. If we are to introduce foreign immi grants it will be surely as well to introduce those from whom our own people may get a wrinkle or two in the art of semi-tropical agri culture, of which neither Germans or Danes can1 possibly know any more than English agricultur.iL labourers. For work in the cane fields, too, it is evident that men who have cultivated the maize fields of Italy must be better fitted than those who came from a climate even colder than that of England. It is probable, too, that the cost of intro ducing Italian immigrants would be con siderably lesathau that of bringing in Germans or Danes. If these intended immigrants are brought in vessels especially chartered for tlio purpose, it is clear that the great diiVercnco in distance should make the passiige from Italy much less costly than that from Hamburg or Copenhagen ; but for Italian immigration it would not be ueei'ssary to originate a new service, it wouitl b« easy to arrange for the steamers of 111-.- I-/.1.5.N. Company to call in at Genoa Mill ship any immigrants that were waiting lor thi'in there; and if the colony cau so wave £3 or £4 per head in passage money tli-I ia worth consideration. It should, tM.!i.-r a bill such as this, be open to *•!:;•! overs to engage the labour that in , their opinion will suit them beat, and in fact nnder the terms of the bill it is bo open to them, but, as we said before, there is an impression abroad that the Government will so admiuister it as to restrict its operation to the natives of those countries which for political or other reasons they personally prefer. Their in tention in this respect should be made known before the bill finally passes, and we would, therefore, suggest that either in the Council or the Assembly the Government should be asked whetherthey will afford the same facili ties under the bill to those employers whomay desire to indent Italian labourers as to those wh,o may wish to employ Germans. 