ITEMS OF NEWS. The lake in the Botanical Gardens ha3 not been in such general favour since it was formed as on yesterday, when it supplied amusement to about eighty fishermen, who were for the first time allowed to follow the favourite quiescent sport. The banks were lined with men and boys, either having the rod and line or watching those who had, while a couple of tho fair sex were not contented with being insipid spectators, but threw out their lines to good purpose, one of them having carried honie a perch of about 141b weight. So little has been seen or heard of fish of late, that what between the rapacity of water rats and the muddiness of the water it was conjectured there were but few survivors of the finny tribe left, though they had time to multiply since various sorts were put into the lake several years ago. Yet there can be no doubt now up-ui this subject, as possibly about eighty perch were landed of various size3. The largest fell to the lot of Mr James about 2ilb weight, and the next to Mr Frances Dugganj" which was but a trifle lighter. Only one carp was hooked. Though the fishing was only to commence in the afternoon a man and a boy made the mistake of starting in the morning, for which they were requited with more than nibbles. As it is esti mated the average was not more than a fish a rod, half at least the people went off without pulling out their portion, leaving it there for another day. A great many persons of both sexes hearing what was going nn at the lake went down to see for themselves and have a stroll through the gardens, enjoying the temperate genial afternoon. Cr James, who was the mover in the Borough Council for permitting fishing on Wednesday afternoon, purposes moving at next meeting to extend the privilege' for Saturday afternoon, so as to give an opportunity for those engaged in the foundries and Woollen Mill whil- ing away the hours of their half-holiday. Yester day MrDeNosek finding the fishevinced no relish for his bait tried his hand at netting cray-fish, and was successful in procuring a small bag-full. Another episode in the life of a young man, who has been a somewhat public character in his day, was notified by telegram from Geeloug yesterday. Henry Keast was at one time an apprentice to a Sandhurst blacksmith, but finding the work too laborious, and being possessed of a lively imagination, lie fell into a trance, visited heaven and hell, and received a commission from the former place to devote the remainder of his life to preaching the gospel. The reports of his trance and revelations obtained wide publicity and au amount of credence among a certain class which tempted the young man to travel upon it. Accordingly when next heard of in Castlemaine he was a public preacher, detailing to wondering crowds the glories 'of. the' heavenly mansion or the miseries of the abode of the damned, of both of which lie was the only living witness. This game answered for a time ; and when it became flat Keast felt lie might improve his position by taking a wife. The lady of his choice he brought to Castlemaine from Sandhurst, and took her to the registrar's office for marriage, but he had omitted to obtain the father's consent, and before the ceremony had been consummated an irate parent had recovered his daughter and denounced Keast as a fraud. Nothing furtherwas heard of him hereabouts till yesterday, when a telegram stated that he had been arrested at Geelong on a charge of vagrancy. Verily, tho last state of this man is worse than the first. Mr John William Horwood, of Castlemaine, urta ucBiidniirucu «i oiiver nicQ«ii <ic tne vnicutui Exhibition, for bells and garden seats of cast metal. A rare sight was.observed in the heavens yes terday between three and four o'clock, of a large circle round the sun, which indicates a'change of weather. - ' . - Mrs W. Bryant has : leased the Plaistow Sta tion, Joyce's Creek, to a Melbourne gentleman named Smith for seven years. Mrs Bryant in tends making lier home at Brighton, where she will proceed shortly. !" A board, consisting of Messrs Nicolson. P.M., Collins, and Macoboy, has been appointed to inquire into charges against Peter Leech, letter- carrier in the local post office, who is suspended pending the inquiry. Information was received by the Sergeant of Police yesterday that a married man," named- Whittingslow, died suddenly in his bed at two o'clock yesterday morning at Taradale. A magisterial inquiry will he held.- : One of tho "volleys" fired by the Salvation Army has taken effect upon a. well-known drun kard at Chewton. Ho had been fined LI and costs at the court, but states' that it is the last time he will pay a fine for inebriety, arid that he is going to join the Army. " The following will represent the Camp' Hill United C.C. against tho Malmsbury O.C., at Malmsbury, on Saturday :—Coldrey, . : Collins, French, Kelly, Leaney, Leech, M'Grath, New- lands, Sutton, Newman, and Todd. Emergency — P. Newlands. Players are requested to. meet at tho Railway Station at 12.40/ The members of the Southern Cross Lodge of Good Templars spent a very pleasant evening on Tuesday at Newstead. They were' visited by a number of members from, the Constellation Lodge, Strangways, when tlioy enjoyed -in' com pany songs, readings, &c.;, and partook Of an ex cellent spread. A young miner named Joseph "Clark, in the employ of the1 Newstead Loddon Leads Gold Min ing Company, was on Tuesd'ay robbed of his fort night's pay, amounting to L4 10s. ,He, as usual, changed his clothes previous to; descending the shaft, leaving in the pockets of his left-off trousers the abovo amount, aud on returning again to change, he discovered that the rnonoy had been taken. , Clark is a very sober, steady young1 man, and feels his loss heavily. Dr Anna Potts, the first femalo doctor who has visited the colony, has lectured at Sandhurst io large -audiences. JBivery part of . the Royal Princess Theatre .was crowded on her opening night on Monday. Her lecture was listened to with great interest, and was frequently inter rupted by applause. The subject of it was -" phy siology, health, and disease. " She jvill; visit Castlemaine tho week after next, and lecture in the Mechanics' Institute: Router's cablegrams state that the Chancellor of tho Exchequer has announced his intention of asking the House of Commons for a creditTof L500.000 for tho purpose of defraying the ex penses in connection with tho expeditionary forces despatched against tho Arab rebels in the Soudan. Nothing further is known as to the perpetrators of the dynamite explosion that took place in the cloak-room of the Victoria Railway Station. Mr Arthur Wollesley has been ap pointed Speaker of the House of Commons, in lieu of Sir Henry Brand. 11 ' ' ' '' - In consequence of tho determination not to enforce tho instruction of Sub'-inspector Mac- kay, of Port Melbourne, :to take charge of tho Shopparton district, tho Chief Commissioner of Polico is experiencing a difficulty in securing tio services of another officer to proceed thoro and ho will lay tho matter boforo the Chief Secretary oil his return to town. Tho sub-in spectors, object to being removed from their present spheres of operation. Formerly Castlo- niaino Supplied a Sub-inspector by the promo tion of .Sergeant Aetori, and it now lias a highly- deserving sergeant of activity, intelligence, and experience, who -might :woll bo 'offered the ac ceptance of a position that others aro disinclined to take. .. The Theatre wns well-filled last -night by por- Bons attending; the Salvation 'Army's meeting. Tho: platform.' was occupied by a number of local residents, and addresses were1 delivered by Messrs Carter, Baker and Williams, all of whom testified to the "good work ' that was being ac complished by tho Army. Stafl-oflicor Hondy mentioned that ho would bo leaving shortly, and lie desired to thank tho Castlemaine publio for their hearty. support -and. co-operation "since -the Army arrived. He passed ail eulogium to the youths of the town,. remarking that- they had not participated in any way <o interrupt the opera tions of the Salvationists. Captain Turner spoke of the liberality accorded to them, and stated that it was intended to form a band shortly. ' The farmers in the Muckleford district have been successful in obtaining good results from their land this season. Mr Thomas James has had a good return of peas, having averaged 30 bushels to the acre, and over 50 bushels of barley to the acre. Mr John Scully, of the Orrrille, has 80 tons of hay from 35 acres. Mr Alex ander M'Crea, of Chinamau's Creek, obtained 88 bushels of oats per acre, boing the kind known as Danish Tartarian. The returns of the har vest in the parish of Baringhup, Neereman, and Eddington must be considered highly satisfac- tory. It is worthy of notice that the best yield is on both sides of the Loddon and the Deep Creek. On Charlotte plains the yield is small, being about 10 bushels of wheat and 15 bushels of oats to the acre, whereas the yield contiguous to the Loddon is 30 bushels of wheat and 40 bushels of oats, but taking as a whole, the re turns will far exceed that of last year. Additional vitality will be imparted to the School of Design by an exhibition of drawings of the pupils, to be held on the 2Gth March. The Rev. B. Reed and Mr Merrifield will be the judges of free hand drawing, while Mr Hor wood and Mr Gale will act in a similar capa city for mechanical drawing, Mr Leviny has undertaken to go to Sandhurst to confer with Mr Nicolai, architect-, respecting drawings for exhibition, but not for competition from the Sandhurst school, and drawings will also be in- vited from residents. As the committee design to have a large and attractive display, they will use the intervening time in endeavouring to procure a suitable collection. In connection with the School, it is worthy of record, that when a cheque for L3 salary was made out for one of of the teachers, Mr Winkleman, of Camp bells Creek, he declined to receive it, and re quested that it go as a donation to the school. - The introduction of the mongoose for extirpat ing rabbits is, in the opinion of some, only sub stituting one plague for another ; inoculating " bunny" with tuberculosis, or lung disease, is nbhorent to the feelings of everyone who appre ciates the animal for his flavour in the pot ; and poisoning him with pliospborized wheat is subject to endanger the life of any one who eats them. Under these circumstances it might be ground for inquiry if some less objectionable means could not be put in operation to get rid of the ver min ; and a circumstance brought under our notice yesterday shows that in the domestic cat. we have a remedy which might be made good use of. The feline favourite of a gentleman residing close to the town surprised its owner by dragging home a full-grown hare which it had just killed. The victim wits larger and heavier than its captor, showing that pluck was not wanting in the attack. Could not the experi ment be tried of turning a.few cats loose in some vermin-infested locality 1 Our Newstead correspondent writes that some laughter was indulged in at the expense of three ladies, whose curiosity led them into quarters that they do not wish to revisit. One of the party had come from Melbourne, and in com pany with a friend went to tiie police station, where they met the wife of the constable. After viewing the outside of the building they were indulged with' an inspection of the inside of the lock-up; ana while so engagea a little girl out ot playfulness closed the door upon them all. This was not enjoyed by' the prisoners, who could hot obtain their freedom, as the constable had gone from home carrying with him the key. Messengers were quickly despatched in search of him, who did not relax their - energies till they found the object" of their inquiry. " Never was husband " more welcome to liis partner nor a friend more appreciated by the pent-up damsels than when he turned the key in " the lock and liberated the captives, who avowed they will in future be satisfied by looking at the outside of a lock-up. ' At the annual meeting of the Bible Christians held at Fitzroy, the annual school report was presented, and statistics as follow : — Schools, 81 ; teachers, 7G6 ; scholars, 3183 ; receipts, Lfil5 lis 5d ; expenditure, LG22 7s Gd ; vols, in lib raries, 743G. The report disclosed man' fea tures of interost ; many scholars have been con verted, and are now endeavouring to do good. There is an increase' of ten schools, sixty teach ers, and about 500 scholars. The book steward's report was received and adopted.' . It showed that a profit of "nearly HOO had; been obtained from the past year's working -The" Rev. R. Warren was re-appoi'nted publisher of the " Re cord " and'.book steward. .The Rev.- F. Lock- wood was' appointed 'editor of. the cbnnexional organ for tho enaiiing year. vjlt was arranged that the' next annual "HistfictYneetingKe held at Ballarat, the time -to be fixedby the Executive Cpmmittee. ;The Rev. R. Warren was unani mously appointed chairman of the district, to. succeed the Rey. John Orchard, at the next an nual gathering.' The Rev. J. Orchard was ap pointed to attend the missionary meeting at. Cas tlemaine, and the Rev. W. E. Secomb the meet ing at Sandhurst. The latter gentleman is to be stationed at Castlemaine for the year. There is to be seen hanging to one of the spires of the Wesleyan. Church, : 'Brunswick- street,. Fitzroy, ; a dead cockatoo. " There is (says the World) quite a little' s6ry in connec tion with the bird, and how it "'got' into, siioli a place. On Thursday a 'coclratpb was seen to have taken rest on one of the spires of this church. Many saw it,, and, believing ithat it was only taking a rest, left it alone. ' However, " poor cocky" was perched in the same place o'n Friday, and it was evidont that something" was keeping the bird to the spire, but nothing was done to release it.' On Saturday,- however, two neighbours saw that a wire was chained around the bird's lenr. and it was this that knnt liin-i tn the spire. As there was no access to the bird, they thought that the only thing to bo done was to put the bird out of its misery by shooting it Saturday night was tho time chosen for the execution. At tho time mentioned two neigh bours arrived with guns, and there were about two hundred spectators present to see tho shoot ing. After both sportsmen had missed fire about a dozen times, one fired a shot that hit the . bird and ended its existence. The bird did not fall. It hangs to the wiro which binds it to tho spire. A shocking coach accident Happened 3 miles from'Queanbeyan, (N.S.W.); on Tuesday after noon. The Cooma mail coach was approaohing Queanbeyan, with ten adult passengers, besides several children, when, on descending a steep gradient, the driver lost control of tho horses near the bottom of tho hill, and the coaoh was capsized, dragged against a largo log, and smashed to pieces. Tho passengers were thrown out, some into a deep rocky culvert," and othors on the road. All were so seriously hurt, except tho district survoyor of Cooma, that none could render any help. A passenger named Snoll, although seriously injured, hastened into Quean beyan, and informed Senior-sergeant Cornett, wlio at once Btartod with Dr. Riohardson. On reaching the spot tho wounded and apparently dying passongers lay here aud there, blooding, aud some of thom unconscious. The mail horses lay helpnoss in harness on tho road, and fragments of tho concli were scattered every where. Amongst tho injured aro Mr Aloxau der Ryrio, M.L.A. for Braidwood, aud his wife. A man namod Ilazlowood has mot with a hor rible death on tho Laura railway works, South Australia. He was riding on a ballast truek, going briskly down an incline, and was seated over a shoot, which gavo way. Tho man was drawn through, and whirled about with the ballast, until his body was horribly mutilated. There were about six tonB of- ballast in -the truck, and about a ton on tho shoot. The acci dent is attributed to a bolt giving way, causing- tho shoot to drop, . -v. A boy named Jno. Grant, while playing nt Port Adelaide' wharf, slipped into the water and was drowned before assistance arrived. The Great Yictorift"lnine at Adelong has been awarded the £500 offered by die New South Wales Government for the discovery of gold be low 1000 feet. The following is the report of tho Boj-al Miut, Melbourne, for the week ending February 25, 1884 : — Gold received, 29,792"47 ; value of gold coin and bullion issued, £51,000. Her Majesty the Quceu has paid the new Bis hop of Sydney a compliment. On Saturday January 12th ho visited Osborne, aud dined with the Royal family, officiating on Sunday morn ing the Royal chapel. At the Dunolly police court, Frank Moore, a miner, lately working at the Duke claim, Timor, has been sentenced to two months' im prisonment for stealing money and clothes from the house of Mr Gathereole, junior, a member of the Duuolly fire brigade, while he was absent at a fire. At the criminal sittings at Adelaide, Jas. M'Nie and Jno. M'Guiuness, for brutal assault and robbery, have been sentenced to four years' imprisonment and 20 lashes each. Tho two men were seen by Phillips, a commercial travel ler, dogging Towers, a jockey, after midnight. M'Nie strnek Towers senseless, and then robbed him. Phillips followed the rascals, and caused them to be arrested. A fire broke out in Victoria-street north, Deniliquin, on Tuesday morning, at about half- past 3 o'clock, which resulted in the total destruction of the National Hotel, a two-story brick- building. The fire was not noticed until tho flames bad spread over' the- whole building. The fire brigade arrived on the scene promptly, - but as there was no water near nothing could be done, and in -'about an hour the large building was absolutely demolished. The house, which bus not been used as an hotel for some time, is insured for £450. That there ought to be a law (remarks the Inglewood Star ) placed on the statute book to prevent the seduction of mere children becomes more painfully apparent every day. On Tburs day last Constable Burman, of Bridgewater, arrested under the Vagrant Act, an orphan girl, scautily clad, and though only a few mouths over fourteen years, she has a child six months old. On Friday she was brought before the maj'or, and- remanded. Surely no language could be too strong to use in respect to heartless villians who thus ruin children. David Brewer, foreman of the rabbit party, was charged at the Balranald police court on Tuesday, with causing the death of George Matthews on the Paika run. The deceased drank some water from a trough which had been poisoned for kangaroos, and died within twelve hours. The defendant stated the water bad been poisoned under instructions from Mr Macpherson, owner of the station, and that poison notices were put up. Brewer was com- mited for trial to Deniliquin, bail being ac cepted, himself in £100 and two sureties of £50 each. At the Sale Assize Court on Tuesday, Wil liam M'Auley, charged with forging and utter ing a cheque purporting to be signed by J. E. O'Brien, of Bairnsdale, was found guilty, and" sentenced to two years' imprisonment. John Gorman, for larceny of a watch and chain, was found guilty, and sentenced to one year. Wil liam and Alarv M'Culloch. a husband and wife. charged with robbery from the person, were found guilty, and sentenced to two years and a half eacb. James Warnock, for stealing a coat, was fotind guilty, and sentenced to six months'. Charles Maykin, charged with indecent' assault upon a child under 10 years of age, was found not guilty. A rather uncommon accident (remarks the ' Beindigo Independent') occurred on Tuesday in Bancroft-street, by which Mr Tully, of Back Creek, the well known contractor, lost a valu able horse. He was engaged in carting stone to the drain in course of formation in the street, and while backing the dray to the spot where the stone was to be tipped it unfortunately went into the excavation. The weight of the load broke the harness, causing the shafts to rise and suspend the animal in the air until the stone was removed. The horse was thus kept in' an awkward position for some time, but as quickly - as possible the animal was detached, but died within a quarter of an hour. A painful instauce of poverty and starvation came before the Melbourne magistrates, when a wretched looking man, who gave his name as Michael Furney, was placed at . the bar. ; Con stable Delaney said that the prisoner was found in a doorway in S wanston- street, and was in such a wretched state that he had to be carried to the watchhouse. The constable decribed Furney as having hardiy any flesh on his bones; and his gaunt and miserable appearance at tracted the attention of every one in court! The city missionary, Mr Hill, said that Furney, who had been about Melbourne for many years, had been told to go to the Immigrants' Home, but had. failed to go before the committee. The magistrates decided to send him to gaol -for tliree (months, and Furney, who throughout presented a stolid stupid appearance, hobbled away. A farmer, named W. H. Cheetbam, a resident of Ravehswood, committed suicide on Tuesday morning at Kangaroo Flat whilst under the in fluence of liquor. He had come into Sandhurst last market day, and disposed of his fruit as usual. On his return he put up at the Liver pool hotel, Kangaroo Flat, and commenced drinking, .and slept there. He got up, and, after. several more drinks, went to Dr. O'Don- nell's And' purchased some strychnine, which was given to him without hesitation, as he re gularly purohased it for use on the farm. On his return to the hotel, Cheetbam wanted more drinks, which were, however, refused. He re. tired to the bedroom in which he slept the previous evening, and was shortly afterwards found unddnscious by one of the inmates. Medical assistance was sought, hut Cheetbam expired before the arrival of tho doctor. It was then ascertained that lie had taken a large dose of the strychnine which he had that morning purohased. A terrible accident occurred on Jan. 16 at Garmont Colliery, Cwmaman, a small village about twenty miles from Swansea. Early in the morning nino men and a boy entered the cage for the pur pose of descending to their work. They had only descended a few yards when the rope (a new wire one) broke, and tlie cage, _ with' its unfortunate occupants, was precipitated to the bottom, a depth of 160 yards. Help was obtained with as little delay as possible, but it was soon ascertained that all the occupants of tho cage had been killed, their mangled bodies being found at tho bottom of the shaft. Up to tho present the cause of the break age of the rope has not been ascertained, but an inquest will bo held, and a Government inquiry ""'ill follow in duo course. Tho colliery, which is worked by Mr Pugh, M.P., hut practically managed by Messrs Letricheux aud Davis, of Swansea, supplies anthracite coal, and gavo employment to 150 men. It has been worked for about ton years, and had not hitherto been the scene of any accident. A surprising discovery has been made at Kiltula, a village near Loughrca. In the door of tlie Roman Catholic chapel, in front of the seat which Lord Dunsdalo'a son, Mr Villi, nn Daly, J.P,, occu pies at mass on Sundays a hole had been borod large enough to take the muzzle of a revolver. In consequence the door was closely guarded by the police, and Mr Daly was accompanied lioine by six contablcs. OuiiED or Drinkino. — " A young friond of mine was cured of an insatiable thirst for liquor, that bad so prostrated his system that lie was unable to do any business. Ho was ontirely cured by the use of Hop Bit'tors. It " allayed all (hat burning thirst, took away tho appetite for liquor,' made his norves steady, and he has ' remained a sober and steady man for more than two years, and has no de sire to roturn to his cups."— From. njettdme It It. Official, Head-;— Advt, -v---- . v--.- v = -" 