TOWN TALK, THB.Beswick, 'Ashford; Bichmond, Edmond Btone. and South Tio-cl Tramway Company, Eoutli Australia. is being wound up, and a Gist and final dividend/ has been paid. lit was 101 "Inyd. Tlioh effort to calciilalo ones divi dends in that 'company would be .too much; MadndsB would that way lie. Av odvorlisetnonfcin 77/? Telegraph of Feb Tunry 1-t brtrays a slate of aberration in the I adver.isor of tho most remarkable kind. Ho | eays, "Aiislaid by a labourer, wheelbarrow, pick, and kouk. 1'loaeo communicate with," &a;' " Mislaid1" , It is. something for us to bo thankful for that the advertiser did not desiro the finder to loare tbo mislaid articles at our Bid the Opposition think about the honour of the House when they suggested that n mtiii " b-r of it could bo guilty of quashing a criminal | obargs for political reasons ? Su -li an accusa tion—a suggestion that a Minister of the | Crown could allow his couduct of the business | of his oifico to be swayed by political motivos should on no account be made, unless it could | bo proTod up to the Tory hilt. Appabekt misfortunes are ofteu blessings in disguise. That eruption .at. Java was cer tainly an inconvenient uffair, but it had its bright side. There wore a fow thousands of people destroyed,' but; as an English* paper in forms us, their' descendants may sleep in peacp, for; tho eruption has entirely banished the. tiunda mosquito—tho blood-thirstiest-insect in tlw world. ;--The species appears to -have been totally exterminated by * the outbreak, hot a single specimen having been met with since. Tni plan of expressing our grief at the loss of our relatives by a p'ooe of, crape round'' the arm is a sensible one. - - The ordinary :trappings of woe are by no moans suitable to our semi tropical climate.. Fancy an individuals'grief for, say, his deceased 'mother-in-law being gauged by the quantity of blacli broadcloth he displays!. OnoY grief would no doubt be very real when one s limbs were encoiod in olinging black and the thermometer standing at 102 in the shade. - The Colonial Treasurer is going to have new dredge built, but if'deputations' asking fc dredging operations ; here, there, and every where oontinue at their present rate a score c dredges.won't meet the requirements. By th way the Southport poople are not likely t lose anything in this way for tho want of a>l iog. Their little dredging sokemo extende from the Boat Passage at Lytton to some di tance up Herang Creek. It was rather hard t baulk their extensive views by a suggestion c that most primitive kind df drodge-a bag t the end of a polo worked from a punt. Thi was bathos., ; . Wb have already bad occasion to rams Clot 'he French of tho stago-or at any re the Brisbino st«go-is, not always Parisian, b rallicr that of " Stratfordatto-Bow." In tl ro.pcct tho theatre is not so educational as pretends to br.-' There is consequently but litl blame to be imputed to a Br sbano stage hai who remarked the olhor day of o puml humorous actor, "Alii there's no fear of si icring from hen-you-oyo when lie's about." 1 meant easiii. Similarly thoro was an equal good excuse for a machinist at tho Theal ■Koyal who,-referring to the " tittle Duki produced by the Emilio Melville Compan expressed tho opinion that from what ho h •eon of the rehearsals, ho didn't think t mignonette wrnld go very well. This w wo#ery for minnd. Tins Montaguo-Turncr Company lmv an innovation in tho tariff of prices theatre which does not please everybody price to I he pit is doubled, being u, i ings in th0 plnoe of ono. Aa to v mr, clwmgo » a1 *Uc ono or not, tho n m.ntaro uithe best position jndg. rZftn!:1" tho cm i . Isrrilin olement bus bee riitll 1,10 Wt. and the relief fn ™«•, paper darts, bad tobacco, ent SKT ,0mothin8 to be thank lonT 7-"10 r0"ii1" out of if. turn g' qUict P°0pl°' "re l.avis Mb; Stivkitbok'b opinion in tbe Assembly ] the other evening on tho'Chinese" labour ques tion Will not be generally endorsed. He said o£ the white labonrera that if they wore afraid of competition, with Obinamen they were o mean lot. The coinplimentii nndcflorTed. The ' white'working man doos object to yellow labour, and yot he is not thorefore necessarily a mean white. It ii Bid to think that the pro visions of the now Chinese bill should have curdled Mr. Stevenson's blood as ho said it | did, and mndo it recoil. Tub immigrants by the Duke of Argyll.bavo plenty of reason to be dissatisfied-, with their treatment einco they camo -within the ken of the QUoenslanrt aulhori'ios at home; Many of them aro hero without means, but this may probably be accounted for ..without roforonco to departmental shortcomings. It would be inter esting to know how much of the-immigrants' moans went across that open bar on board the steamer. It is all very well to talk of having to buy food at tlio various touching places to supplement the ship's supply, but it may ho taken for granted that sardines and other little luxuries did not run away with ull the money. Most of. it vonishtd on board ship. Tho bounty system is an excellent one, but it has its little faults, one of which is that the surgeon-super" intendent is almost without power, and the passengora.dq too much as they please. Bars on board immigrant ships won't do. fioilB people don't care what tliey say whon thoy want to make out a. case. But when they go outrageously boyoud tho record thoy defeat their ends, and discredit their cause. At an open air meeting of tho unemployed, on Thurs day, one of the speakers made a statement that that very day men, and women too, had been turnod out of tlio dop6i without a shilling in their pockets, wish, no placo to go to, in order to m;ko room for a lot of blacks. That roads ciroam.tanliaUr, and it was not true, that is to say, if tho Premier's word can bo taken as against that of a new chum. No immigranla liavc been turned out of. the depot for many days, and the "lot of blacks" were four or five kinakas who are wanted to givo. evide.-ce. in a kidnapping case. - The pubjio wUl begin io figiit shy of tho unemployed U this is the way they make out their grievances. Mb. OnOBB,-evidently, is not a proper sort of politician at oll.' Why, ho actually spoke up for.tbo Attorney-General on Thursday night, and defendod him from an attack by his (Mr. Chubb'.) own loader. Mr. Morehead and others on his side of the House declared Mr. Butledgo to • have been actuated by the very .worst-ofrmotives ;in connection with! a prosecution. , Mr. - Chubb evidently does not understand. the moaning of eipril tie corps. - -He - said that - the qnostion was not one to bp dealt, with .from a political, point of view, and he * personally de cline! to regard: it from that point of view. Worse still, he declared himself perfectly satis fied with-the explanation of the Attorney General. After this tho deluge. Will the people of Bowen be content to be represented by a man who has the courage of his conric tion", and who refutes to look a', an adversary's ) conduct from a political point of view. Any way, Mr. Chubb must be regarded by his chief | and his party a9 a black sheep. TABisn IuirtGiu-noB. -On Monday Messrs. Bailey and Mdlor, M.L.A.'s waited on the j Hod» tlio Colonial Secretary to lay before him a Bolicme for tho introduction into tho colony of I a number of miildlo cliifl Danish farmers, the Danish poop-o in tlio Wide Day district having expressed their deeiro'for such an immigration and agreed tothttdolaiisof tho scheme. The class proposed to be brought .hero aro educated and efciiiei agriculturists possessed of modorat© capital. Tho Colonial Secretary - stated that; this, with other proposals of a similar nature, should bo carefully conuderod so soon as the close of tho session would giro him leisure to compare tlieso proposals. A Tjuih judh to Puix TTi\—TheKupunda Herald relates the following story : —" The other day a lad in tho employ of Mr. Shannon was sent to delivor, tho midday meal to tho harvest. labourer?. Ho-was driving a horso and. dray, in which was placed tho 'tucker* for tho men, and us ho approached the railway crossing on tho Hansborougli«road a shrill. whistlo' announced tho approach of a specialgoods train. Our young bopoful dis regarded Vh* signal and pursued his courso Tho cn^ino'driwr ropoaled (ho signal twieo, and seoing that a collision whs probable ho shut oft steam, with tho intention, if possible, of avoiding an accident. By this timo tho lad arrived on tho railway lino, and though ho hud plenty of timo to orje*, owing to tho roduco.l paco of the (rain, ho deliberately stopped his horso with tho dray ncros? tho rails, g t out of, tho dray,and wentat:d hold (be horse's head, whilst tlis train camo on. Fortunately .when, the collidiou occurred tho traiuwup only just, moving, and the tcsuK was no worso than tho capsizo of the dray and tho ho:?o.: -When Uio cngino-drlver and /i.-oman wn.it to the boy's assistance, ho greeted ihoin,with tho consolu tory'romavk, * it's a good job I was not lulled.' Ncithor the horso nor tho dray was injured, and tho only juopnyouionco arising from the nccidoiit wu-» fait by tho harvesters, who wondorod 'wlnit had become of their dinnor." 