AGRICULTURAL K3TES. TUe general teudoncy of oiu- reports aro to tho effect that whilo tho crops in the districts, south of tho dividing range r.ro fairly promis ing, and that tho pastures generally have been greatly benefited by tho late rains, that iu the .wheat growing areas to the north tho rains have come too lato, to materially alter the un- favornblo condition into which the crops had drifted owing. to the severe droughts in the early part of the season.' : Although aomo of the wheat . distrietB, notably tho western Wimmera, will - almost it not quite come up to the yields of last season, from . others there come very discou raging reports of thin, short crops in some places, aud in others ail bub total failure. Ail down tho Lower Hurray district tho crops, except where irrigation has hocn adopted, will be very poor. Tho following from ono of our correspondents iu a central diatriot of the wheat belt may be takon as representative of the great majority of tho Northern wheat growing districts this season : — " During tbe lost fortnight wo have experienced warm, dry weather, some days being very hot. The crops have suffered coutiiK. ably owing to tho absence of raiu, The wheat lias been coming out iu tar, ami would have beon greatly benefited by an occasional shower, Tho fal low and early sown hid fair to make a passable crop, but the straw will bo vory short iu most cases, A large area of late sown is very poor, nud, unless wo get a few moro showers, will scarcely pay for stripping. Tho grass lias tamed quita brown during the last Week, but tho feed is pretty good cousidcring tho season. Shearing is now completed in most eases, aud farmers generally are satisfied with tho results, the clip in most casea being 'good, especially whero tho sheep are well kept. Trom New South Wales tho reports are not choeriug. Tho general rainfall so auxiously expected by pastoralists has not yet arrived. Hany parts of the west aro becoming boroft of herbage. Water storos aro being oxhaustod and atoclc aro boiug ahlftod. The paatoral outlook is not encouraging, but it is not thought that tho summer will bring about many eorlous loaaos, na tho pastures aro not- so heavily stookod as thoy wero two yea-,.; ago, and grazlora aro r.ot trusting to chauge . vhioh may not occur. Tram tionth Australia wo have advices of » further downfall, which is de scribed no having covorod a largo extent of country, Tho orop prospects nro oaid to bo promising, nnd tho country generally reported as looking well. An unaccountable mistake hau cropt iuto claunc 63 of tho new Land Bill, which seomB to have taken place in tho printing of tho mensnro after it' left tbo Lower House on its way to the Council. Tho clause is tlio ono deal- ingwith tho sub-division of auriferous reserves into blocks not oxceeding 1000 acres each, over which grazing licences aro to bo granted to tho farmers without projudiceto tho claims of tho miners. The mistake is in connection with the manner in which these areas are to granted. Tho clause states that their occupa tion will bo submitted'to tender ; but it will be romembored that on tiiia point a very strong expression- -of 'opinion by tho Lower Houso was made against tho tender system, and it whs resolved that tho granting of tho bloolM.was to iio dealt with by a land board in tbo same way that olitains nnder tho existing meosnro. Tlio tender system, cquallv with that of auction, was condemned by tho Assembly, and it is qnito inexplicable how the error; in the clause roforred to has oc curred. Mr, Jas. Bell; M.L.C., has takon the matter in hand, and will move for its amend ment in the Council. Wo have received- a copy of tho olevonth annual report issued by tho West Boiirko Ag- rioultural Society, "which institution is shown to bo making satisfactory progress. Financially, the society is in a healthy state, though the re port shows a debit balance of £19 4s, 7d., or Cs. more than tho previous year's. This result is ascribed to tho foot that tho Government subsidy for 1883 amounted to £281 lis. 6d., or '£21 Is, 10d."Iess than wa3 oalcnlated upon. Tho donations for 'the year 1881 amounted to £267 os,, as against £131 4s. in 1883. Sub scriptions in 1883 amounted to £117 and In 1S84 to £136, while the 1883 show gate money wa3 £55 2s, 6d., and at tho 1884 it hod in creased to £61 3s. Tho report states that the society, whilst taking care not to incnr expen diture which would largely increase its debit balance, has made several impnovementa to tlio show yards, and continues to offer prizes on > scale equal in liberality to what is given by kindred- institutions. ' After commenting on the general success of the last annual show, tho report remarks on tho fact that in tho classes for grain and roots tho - fertlio districts of Bomaey and Lancefield, which wero so saitablo for the growth of snoli products, were unrepre sented. Tills is spoken of as a "matter of grave eqncei-n," and it certainly is somewhat surprising that snch a state of affairs should exist. Bat the report farther showz that tho society might reasonably expect greater local support from the farmers resident around tho district, as its members' roll (it-present contains more names of rcBidonU outside the district than' in it.' In allusion to tho appointment of judges, the opinion is expressed that tho -present system is ono which gives satisfaction— at all events at tho ;shuwsheldby the West Boucko Society, . Tho " old nnd Bnglish speaking .. fashion that a majority shall , rulo"— which, by. th6 way, is neither .old nor EngliUi, speaking— is spoken favorably of, and tho ' appointment ;of eom- petcnt.raen from a "distance, if possible, so-. as to do away with the. possibility of local pre. judice, is oouimended The report states that Mr. David Gibson's paper on the advantages or > othorwiso derivablo from ploughing 'matches, wliioh - was road before the society sonio time . ago, and which criticised tho present system of ploughing matches ralhor eevereiy,, will be published in the next report issned by the Department of Agriculture. Tho report, after notioing .the ploughing matches and trials of machinery hold under the auspices of thesooiety during tiro year, refers with regret to tho death of the late Mr. H. Birney, who woe a mnch valued member of committee; and records tho fact that the memorial stone pur-, chased by subscriptions received from "Vic torian. agriculturists to - the memory of tho late Mr. Josiah Mitchell, has boen orectod in the ICyncton cometery. Tho West Bourke Society was the ono which took the initiatory steps iu this matter. The report altogether is ceo whioh will doubtless prove satisfactory to the members of the sooicty, and it reflects credit on the committee and their secretary, Mr. A. N. Thomas. A Gold trial of reaping and binding ma chines, nnder tho auspices of the. National Agricultural Society of Victoria, will be held on the farm of Mr. Korean, Moonae Ponds, on Wednesday, tlio 5th November, at twelve noon, when ton maohiucs which wore entered at tbo lato show for the grand champion prize of Australia, value £20, will compete. In the competition of reapers nnd binders at the Deniliqiiin show last week, tho M'Cormick machine, oxhibitcd by Messrs. M'Lcan Bros, anil lUgg, was awarded tho first prize of £10 and silver eup. Nine machines wero entered, but only threo competed, the M'Cormick scoriug 69 out of a roasiblo 75 points. Tho oubject o£ wator casements as hotween land owners and. tho United Bchuca and War- rnnga water trust came up for discussion at the last mooting of that body. Tho secretary ctated that there was a difficulty in obtaining tho casement over land where damage had been douo to crops. It was resolved to em power tho engineer and socretary to arrange with part-ice who had suffered, but on tlio understanding that no compensation was to bo given where tho ground hail been ploughed after a survoy for any of the trust's channels nad boen mado aud tiro pegs putin it. The people at Numurkah aro complaining that tho longed-for supply of water has not yotfoundits way down tho Broken Crook, audit is becoming doubtful whothcr it will nrrivo this season. Thotown, itissald, villboiu nbadway before it lias its wants relieved, unless tbe speed of tbe current can bo accelerated. In connection with n proposed amendment of tho Bounds Act, Mr, M'Cormick, P.M., has submitted tho following memo, to tho Crown Law department : — " I am continually being called upon to put the 12th section of 'the' Pounds Act 1874 in force, in cases where it is utterly impossible any damage could hnve accrued to the owners of tho property tres passed upon. On two occasions recently I havo had to award £25 for tho trespass of five rams on small allotments of land where there was no cultivation nor Btock grazing, In both these coses, the dofendants being in poor' cir cumstance?, it meant absolute ruin to thorn f In many coses I can trace evidence of a pre vious bad feeling between the parties, and nm satisfied that not only has thoro -been no damage, but that the proceedings have been taken through spite. In other cases it is ovident tho owner of tho property keeps tho land as a trap' for his neighbors, to make money out of them. In suoh cases I feel that I havo to do on injustice, yet nm powerless under this section, which fixed an arbitrary sum of £5 per head. It is true that in some' instances a large amount of damage might ho done by the trespass of an entipo liorse, bull, or ram, but there tho parties fall back on their common law right, and sue for damages in a higher court ; but when tho damage is nil thoy put this act in force. The farmers and graziers throughout tho whole colony havo been crying out against this act, and especially the 12th section, ever oinco it came into forco. If the words '.not exceeding wero inserted before 1 five pounds,' it woutd enable magistrates to do substantial justice whoro any damage is proved," The Attorney-General has stated in the Legislative Assembly that oarly stops will be taken to amend the act as desired. While the farmers are urging severe | measures in order to keep in check the dog nuisance which renders sheop keeping in some districts quite impossible, tho coursing clubs are signing the following petition to Parlia- ment: — "Wb would draw your attention to the injustice of the Dog Act now before your Honorable House, so far as courser.) and sports men generally are concerned. Members of our ciabs nnd others throughout Australia, havo gone to great expense in breoding and importing the best greyhounds obtainable, that such greyhounds are well and carefully looked after, and aro not responsible for tbe damage inflicted by vagrant brutes which we areas anxious as your Honorable Hoaie to see destroyed. We submit that under tho pro-, posed act such vagrantdogs willuotbe affected, but that tho punishment for their misdeeds will fall upon greyhound owners who hayo always kept their greyhounds under proper control and duly registered. That coursing men have to keep a large number of greyhounds, consisting of puppies and brood'bitches, the former of which cannot be tried till they are about a year and a half old, when,' as a rule, three-fourths of the number havo to be destroyed as useleBs'for public coursing. That tho infiiotlon of such a tax as-£l per head would, in many instances, amount to four or five times as much 'as that paid for a kennel of foxhounds, which is supported by a' largo number of persons, whereas a kennel of greyhounds is always maintained by one or at most two individuals, That such kennels- of greyhounds are moro carefully supervised than any other dog3, as injury to a greyhound that would bo no per manent detrimont to a dog of any other breed, renders it totally usnleSB. That the proposed tax of £1 per head will bo most l-ulnuos to tho sport of coursing in Viotoria. That, while coursing ineu are willing to pay any fair taxes so long 03 they aro placed on the same footing as others, your petitionors most humbly submit that the proposed tax appears most oppres sive and inequitable in singling out grey hounds and other sporting dogs to pay such an excessive impost." Tho arrival' at Ararat is announced of 20 trucks of sheep from Deniliquin, in order to provide them with feod. The sheep, whioh aro being brought over to the Western dis- trict owing to tlio drought in Bivcrina, are described as being in vory poor condition, and formed a strong contract to a primo lot from Maroonn, which wero being forwarded to Melbourne for ehipment to Western Australia, theso latter being destined to stoolc some new country taken up near Klmborley. An important sale of land took place Inst wook, wkou 2400 acres of a largo estate near Buangor, between Loarinonth and Ararat, were submitted to auction iu small allotments, Xliero was a large attendance, from all parts of tho district nud oven more distant places, aud competition was very keen, some of tho land realising up to £5 lis. per acre. Since tho railway from Wnrragul to Ncorim appeared in the now Railway Sill land selec tion across the Latrobe Hirer i3 described as having received a marked impetus. Selectors aro reported as arriviug every day, nud thousands of acres have already been taken up. A contractor is described as having tendered to tho Portland Shire Council for clearing the rabbits off ou estato containing 800 or 900 acres, tho amount ot his tendor being £20, whilo tho noxt lowest tender was £80. Ho wa3 told tho job would ruin him, but in con junction with his eons ho not only completely cleared the land of rabbits, but assorts ho mado it pay. Tho rabbits wero chiofly trapped. This contractor states that he does not put any faith in tho Government plan of pliozphorising grain, as ho says tho rabbits eat and grow fnt on It, through the phosphorus not having pene- tratcd tho grain. As an experiment ho put' down SO lb. of Government grain, and ho did not find one dead rabbit. Shortly after this be tried 20 lb. of grain treated by him6olf and counted 07 dead rabbits the following day. The secretary of the Swanwatot South Farmers'. Union In the Kara Kara district the last meotiug was instruoted to write to othor oIubB re Dog Act, and to tho member tot tho district asking him to endeavor to get 'tt ' clause Inserted in nllowiug every householder to keep ono sheep or cattlo dog froo of ohargd, - provided ho kept u collar on its neck with thd . owner's name and address. - . , Shearing Is reported as being in an advanced state around Deniliquin. Many of the . larger;' stations have, been cut out, others are nearly " finished, wblloniany of tho small holdings aro ' alsoinnforwardstato. Thetotalnumberof baled. - of wool already delivered up to' 25th October at the Deniliquin railway station for tho season is over 15,000, and about 10,000 mora are ' expected before the ' wool season tenninatesj Store stock .are coming forward in -largd numbers, .Over .80,000 sheop crossed the Deniliquin bridge during the fortnight, ending . 25th October, most of whioh were bound; to Viotorian markets or pastures. ' According to tbo rabbit inspector's report ' upon the Lowanshire,in tho western Wimmefa " district tbo vermin are increasing at a rapid rate. The council are about to appoint threo . inspeotors, instead of one, for the whole, shire. -' Over £300 was passed at tho las t council meet- . ing for tho purchase of rabbit scalps, arid' & stated that so great has been tho expenditure by the shire that the road making and other works have been abandoned through .want of ' funds. 7";." The wool traffic for the season is reported - 03 having now fairly set in at the Gamperdown railway station, and up to last week upwards ; of 700 bales had been consigned fromsovoral- stations in the locality, principally to tbe .Gee- long stores. In spite of tho redactions made - in the railway freights, a considerable quantity, of wool is being forwarded by road to tbe sea? port, and this point is submitted by the local - press as one that shonld receive the early at tention of tho Railway Commissioners, if it is intended that the railways should competo sue cMBfuUy with the roads, Tho Wimmera "Water Trust havo heen doing good work, but now the question of who's tq pay the interest ot the Joans obtained for carry ing out tho work crops up, The chairman of the trust is reported by the Stawell paper oar wiahing to have a rate struck on &U; properW within the wator district named supplied with water, pending the not promised hy Govenfc ment to havo the amount taken out of th& general shire revenues Several commissioner?, however, think that if they strike a rate thd Government will hark back and not give them the act at all, but other3 think that if thq trust show no signs of helping itself, the Go vernment will follow suit. There is only onb opinion held, however, oa to the desirability o i having the money collected by shires and not# by special officers Complaints are rife with respect to what fa called tho travelling she.ep nuisance. Tkerb is not much gras3 on the liiverlna sida of the -j Murray, but'there is a good deal on the vie. : torlan aide. Hence it is stated that Bid T'erricks and Durham Ox districts aro being overrun with travelling sheep. It is estimated - that there ore at present no less than 70,000 of theso quartered on those districts, ostensibly on their way to market, but in reality being kept moving from place to placo in order to obtain feed. Some of the flocks are very large, containing as many as 12,000 or 15,000 sheep, and are described 03 clearing away tbe grass before them like so many swarms of lo ousts, while the selectors and squatters in the neigh borhood can find no redress. Upon a recent visit to Melbourne, Mr. Palmer, of Toorain, reports: — I met a Mr, Von Loganfeldt, an intelligent German squatter from the north. In conversing upon - tho subjoct of ensilage, bo informed me ho had successfully practised- it for the last throd years, and a silo or pit wu? not actually neces sary, for ho used a Blab hut. I remarked thai this construction might answer in his warm climate, but doubted if it would do in tbe west, Ho sold he thought, ib would a3 well as tho country whero he resided. Tho fodder would be spoilt only in the lmmediato vicinity of the cracks between the Blabs, the weight upon tho top of the grass being all that is requisite to effectually excludo the air, and ro prevent decay. Ho also informed mo that, in tha spring of tho year, when grass is abundant, and when stock would not consume the rank vegetation in the shapo of marsh mallows, nettles, &c.;, which usually grow luxuriantly W the vicinity of sheep- yards, stock yards, and npou ground where manure acoumulate3, ho culs this rubbish, which, after going through tho process of fermentation in tho slab hhf, the stock cat ravenously in the autumn, when tho natural pasture is dried up. He also said it was necessary to havo draiongo to allow thd moisture which exudes from tlio mass of herW ago to run off whiio undergoing tho process oE preservation. This liquid, he said, Bhould bq preserved, as it form3 an excellent food foil pigs. Tho Wimmera" Wator Trust propose spend ing no les3 a sum than £08,000 on new works,' It is intended to conduct a channel through thci Murtoa Lake, which is at presont without an$ outlet, and therefore llablo to becomo stagnant Tho channel is to be constructed from tho Wimmera Elver to the lake, and about' S miles beyond this sheet of water there la i natural fall in the country whioh will allon ' the stream to flow whero wanted. Tho wattles planted along tho railway reserve botweon Horsham and Morton ati reported to bo coming along splendidly and la parts bavo sprung up almost too thiokly. Some ore to be seen 4 and 5 feet high, whicH, considering that they hnve beon planted only. it ilttlo liver twelve months, and . tho recent "S&M;, ii'reftnrded as very satiafuotory..r tVhn£ ia'cftllcd the Califomlnn thistle;' which In oofttr' and quite dietinot from tho Scotch thistlti 'is reported no having obtoinod a hold ' on portions of tho shires of Buninyong and Eungareej and appears almost impossible to sradicat'e. Somo of tho paddooks, whoro a l'oar or two ago only ono or two plants were ,uen, aro described now as almost entirely \- token up by them, crops of peas or othor produce being almost stilled. Maize growers in tho Bairnsdalo dtstriot, tholocai.jsrcsa reports,' aro doing exceptionally well this year, the rates for this produot having Jiesn extraordinarily high for tho last two ' months, tho price at no time being below Ea. por bushel, and having been quoted as high as lis. Sd, At tho last meeting of the Loddon United Water Trust, tho engineer sent tho following list of works for which a new loan from the Water conservation vote would bo requlrod : — flhnnnel from Bullock Creek to Oalivil Creek down threo chain road, £3000; deepening portions of Bullock Creek and Calivil Creek, If required, £000 ; tanks, pumps, &c.;, near Mologa railway Btation, £300 ; Catumnal channel', and three tanks, including land com- ponsation, £5000 ; cutting down Ivolsh s tiagoonj £3500 ; cutting downLittlo Banagher Prosk, £350 ; dams on Nino Milo Crook, ono jioar Harrison's, ono near Harty's, £500 ; re pairs to. Banaghor dam, near Johling's, Tra- Vowel, '£300 ; repairs and byewnsh and cul vert at Church's dam, £250 ; various dis tributing. channels from main ahannols, £2000 ; weir on Loddon near Bnag's, £2500 ; reticulation of Boort township (including tank), £750 ; channel from Boort to trust boundary, down tbo thrco chain road, £2200 ; channel from Boort to Boro Swamp, £300 ; dam .at head of WoolBhed Lake, £350; Total, £21,000. A strange disease among cattlo is reported as having manifested itself in the Darragon Swamp district, near Horsham. Tho cattlo seem to .become sleepy, and In about twelvo hours ..their limbs become rigid, whon thoy ptnnd with their baokn up. After about two days they loso all strength, lie down and gradually waste away, Toucbing.tho effect of soil and climato on wool a correspondent from the Upper Dawson draws attention to the accompanying paragraph, demonstrating in his opinion the all patent influence of soil nnd olim'ato on wool \- growing. It'also, he considers, affords additional testimony to the expressed opinions of Mr. Wallace, of Jimhour, and Mr. Clark, of East Talgai ; " that the Victorian shoep, na yet, do pot possess fixity of type ;" while on tho other hand it establishes tho prepotency of tho fiilesian strain, which has been so cxtenaivoly used in somo of tho Mudgce flocks. Tho following is tho paragraph : — At the last monthly meeting of the Linncan sooioty, Sydney, Mr. Trebock exhibited two samples of wool grown on tho same sheep. Tho firat,- grown in Victoria in 1870, was fully 4 incho3 long, showing every good quality of tho lughost typo of combing wool. Tbo second, grown this year on the cast side of tho Liver pool Range, was scarcely 1 J iuches long, and . approached in character tho early Mudgee W00I3 of Silesinn typo. In the first specimen the normal black tip of the old merino had disappeared under tho influence of Victorian cultivation, but after a period of growth in New South Wales tho wool of tho Bamo ram reverted to the original type of tho pure merino. . In connection with tho increasod attention being devotod to prospecting for water by means of wolls, Messrs. W. Sloano and Co. aire \- advised by Mr. Moor, of Manfred Downs, adjoining Taldora station, in tho Burko distr!ct,-Qneonsland, that he bos again been successful in striking a supply of good water ou the Downs, 3 mile3 back from the river. Ho Bank a shaft at this spot 50 foet in depth, and got n small supply of water. He thou \- bored from the bottom of tbo shaft, and at a depth from there of 80 feet struck a grand \- supply, which filled tho shaft to tho surface of the ground in four hours, and by tho following morning had put 3 inches in depth of wator into a small oxcavation of 1600 yards, wlrioh lie bad mado cIobo to the ehaft, and which was at the time about half full. This stream of ' water, he reports, oontiuues running at tbo rate, ob near as ho can estimate, of 10.000 nallons per day, . The safe arrival at Brisbane by tho Barrnbool is notified by the Queenslatuler of 352 Lincoln xams from tho well known flock of Mr. Eut- ledge, Victoria. They are intended for Sir Francis Murphy and Sons' station, Northamp- ton Downs, in the Mitchell district. Thoy are principally hoggets, exceedingly well grown, the wool being of true lustrous Lincoln type. Measurement was made of the staple on the shonlder of a 4-tooth ram, nnd found to be over 12 in., although it was only of 11 montliB' growth. By tho oamo steamer Mc-Brs, I'en- jviolc and Co. rccolvcd two heifer.; and two young bulls, pure Ayrshires, bred by Mr. Robert M'Dougal), of Arundel. By the Lyco- moon also thero is roportod the arrival, to tho consignment of tho Qnoensland Mercantile nnd Agonoy Company, of two merino rams, in Connection with which reference ie mado to the conditions imposed in shsop competing for tho principal prize nt Baliarat that thoy wero to be shorn for three years in succession in the show yard before receiving tho prize, and that this prizo was taken by a Waugnnolla ram, whioh was afterwards purchased by Mr. Qnfliitb, of Victoria, for four figures. Ono of the above mentioned sheep is by this cele brated ram, and tbe other is half brother to a sheep belonging to tho.g(imo bjesedor, which took ohampion prlr.6 twice at Douiiiquin. These two rams liavo boon, purchased by Mr. Hood.for the Bnronda station. , . , Upon tho frozou meat question tho Now Zcalaudera aro congratulated upon the enorgy and skill of tho oompnniest. engaged in oxport- ' ing frozen meat from that , colony, as after a prolonged off ort they bavo eucoe'edod in ovor- ooming tho prejudices of English ponsuinors. Their frozen mntton is now stated to occupy tho first position in tho London market. The shipment by tho s. Tangnriro sold In Lon. don at 7id. por lb. .. Writing of tho sugar prospopts of Qnoens land, tho Tropical Planter, pays, tho mildness of tho winter in every sugar district is now provorbint, and tho mill .owners .have had a fairly dry season for crushing, operations. Field operations were also fovornblo, but dospitc tho numbor of selection;; cleared during tho past twolve months, it.cpnnot bo said that tho area of cultivation is extending in Queens land so rapidly as in New South Wales. The labor question is what prevents tho planter from striking out in fresh fields and new machinery. Tho want of labor is now Boon upon many estatos where weeds grow profusely, whore tho cancs aro thin and suort, whoro tho canesarennthrnshed,and where, there are signs of carelessness in both mill and cultivation. On the Burdokia a, largo amount of sugar is being made from tho oauo this season. Ten tons of ten months cano produced ono ton of sugar. Tho same results are being obtained on tho. Johnstono and at Cairns. It usod to lake 15 tons of oano to make, a, ton of Gugar upon the best plantation three years ago. Tho control mills are purchasing cano this season at 8s. (uncut) per ton, but many :cnno growers receive 10s. por ton for cano contractod for undor old agreements. It remains to be seen what planters will do at tho expiration of the Kanakas' presont agreements. Wo fail to aoo how tho Government, can liavo, the German and Danish immigrants here in timo to take the placo of the time .expired boys. It is strango that planters have to pay for tho agents' cost of this wjbite, immigration, whon Europoan immigration in general is paid by tho colony at largo, Tho planters' outlook for 1881-85 is not promising. Already threalorge plantations have ohnnged hands by ordor of tho mortgagees,- who boo. losses in the want of labor. ' Settlement in the .Otwaiy forest appears to bo increasing rapidly,, the; land agent there reporting nn increasing number of applications from intending selcotors,. , . 