:. AloHg tlie W Starves.' ^ ' This schooDer Lizzie, lniherto owned at Adelaide, has | been transferred to this port, Messrs. J. Williams and T. I Kelly having purchased her. Tha Lizzie is a vessel of 223 i tons register, and was built in the State of Maine in 1875, land her signal letters are QPHR. :? The ship Carlisle Castle goes to Mori's Dock to-day. ; , The Earmbool is due from Brisbane to-morrow. ' Calcutta, via Albany. — Departures, November 3 : Atlan I tique, barque, for Port Chalmers. Kovember 5 : Warwick, !*hip, for Lyttelton. I ~ Captain M'Farlane is placing on his new steamer Aus tralia for an excursion to Lord Howe's and Morpeth Island during the Christmas holidays. s The United States corvette Iroquois arrived at Hobart ?yesterday. Admiral Tryon, C.B., leaves London for Sydney to assume Jhe command of the AnKtxfi.iig.Ti Naval Station, to-morrow. \- The transport Tamar, with relief crews for BUM. ships .'Nelson, Diamond, and Dart, is expected to leave Ports | mouth for Syaney this week. j HJH.S. Dart is to be recommissioned for the Australian lEtation. j 'H.M.S. Nelson is now being dismantled previous to a {thorough overhaul, refit, painting, and furnishing through ;out, preparatory to her being handed over to her new com jTnnnd ! On October 20 an. iron ship of nearly 2000 tons gtoss | register, and some 3000 dead-weight capacity, was launched at Dumbarton, Saotland, from Messrs. Archibald TWnminn lend Sons' yard. She Ting been built under the special sur ;vey of Lloyd's expressly for, Messrs. Deyitt and Moore, of j London, and is intended for the Australian trade. She was | named the Derwent, and will be commanded by Captain J. :R. Andrew. Her dimensions are as follow, viz. : — Length, 1 275ft ; breadth, 40ft 3in ; and depth, 23ft lOin ; and she takes i the highest class at Lloyd's. The naming ceremony was performed by Miss Andrew. -v The fine new steamer the Arawa, belonging to the Shaw, SaviU, and Albion Company, -was tried on the Clyde on October 17. She averaged 15.31 knots on the measured mile. Captain Stuart will command her. She soiled for New Zealand on November 5. Her refrigerating chambers .-will hold 30,000 carcases of mutton. The steamer cost . about £130,000. The New Zealand Shipping Co.'s new steamer Kaikonra, on her way round from Govan, came I into collision with a Danish vessel, but did not suffer any | material injury herself. The other ship had to be towed to ? Cowes, having been considerably injured. The Kaikoura ; steamed 14^ knots on her -way round to London. She has sailed from London for Hobart and New Zealand. Messrs. John Elder and Co., of Fairfield, have completed her with remarkable dispatch. She was commenced in March last, was launched on September 8, and left the Clyde tor London on October 18. The Wentworth and Lenra leave for Queensland ports on Saturday. %? TT.TVT.S. Raven and H.M.S. Swinger -will remain on the .' coast of New Guinea for some time. ! ' H.M.S. Nelson made the run from New Guinea to Sydney ! in five days 15 hours, -with only three-quarter boiler j power. j A naval brigade is to be formed at Brisbane. ; The Buninyong leaves for Melbourne on Friday, and the [ Elamang on Saturday. j The E.M.S, Potosi, for London, arrived at Suez on ! November 30. ! The steamer Abergeldie, from London, for Sydney, -with | immigrants, left Cape Town on November 29. ! The steamer Indus, from Calcutta, berths at the Central i Wharf to discharge cargo. ' Notice is given that on and after the 1st December the ^nearer of i3ie two of each pair of lights leading up the { various bends of the channel in the Pioneer River will be i red, instead of white, as formerly. The white lights for j leading over the outer bar will remain unaltered. : H.M.S. Harrier and H.M.S. Espiegle are expected to i arrive here shortly. j The ship Brilliant, from London for Sydney, passed Cape iOfcwayat 6.30 a.m. this morning. ! The R.M.S. City of Sydney, Captain Dearborn, leaves for iSan Francisco, via Auckland and Honolulu, to-morrow ^teruooni - ; , The R.M.S. Lusitania, leaves for London on Saturday. ' The Tasmania, Namoi, Coonanbara, Platypus, Sham rock, Lubra, 'Boomerang, and Caledonia arrived at New jcastie this morning; and the Glenfaris, Woodbine, Men shikoff, Marie, Phoabe, Bungaree, tend Saxon left J Newcastle this morning. !* The following passengers are booked to : leave to-morrow \&S; R.M.S. CHiy of Sydney : For Auckland, Mrs Woods and ; child, 2Gsb Griersoe, Mr and Mrs C. S. Coveny. For ; 'Frisco , Dr Hoacka, Mrs S.'^J. Jeffrees, Messrs F. W i Goodwin, D. Doggett, E. Meuller, J. Borers, Captain W. T.Bryant, Misaes E. Cherry, Dearborn. Gen. Sheridan, ^Messrs C. Beli, A. T. Holdsworth, Weelock. f -Of the ngw steamer Janet NicolL -which has put into ! Malboireae for coals, the Anabs says -.—The Janet Nicoll, Rauew steamship, intended for Sydney,' arrived here on iTuesd.ey sight. At present she has on board the extensive mugar-crnshiBg plant manufactured by Messrs. NBow, *lrLachlan, and Co., of Paisley, for the Crystal Brook Company, Queensland. Mr. Meiklejohn, the firm's repre sentative, came out in the s e Orient to superintend the erection of the machinery. . The steamer lias called in here for eoal, and will go next to Newcastle, -whence she pro ceeds to Port Mackay to land her cargo of machinery. She will afterwards return to Sydney, -and take up a position in the coasting and intercolonial trade. The Janet Nicoll' is /one of two^new Aoats which th(t,owner, Mr. -x. 'W. Nicoll,. has had built for the coasting trade of New South Wales. The other boat is the Bellinger, now en route for Sydney. She left Glasgow the same day as the Janet Nieoll, and arrived at Teneriffe a few hours after her. The Bellinger was to leave the island an hour after thejanet NicoH. The Janet Nicoll has been designed for a .cargo and passenger boat. She has a handsome saloon amid Bhips, intended for some 20 passengers. The state cabins are well, ventilated. There is also accommodation forward forjsteerage pasengers. Cargo carrying will be'one of -ttie chief points of the steamer, and it is said she can stow away 950 tone with ease. Two ql the three hatches are of great eize/iJid can take in and let out -heavy lifts. They are self -trimming. There are an extra large donkey-boiler, and three powerful steam 'winches' for cargo haulage. A Ipatent Bteam windlass, and Bow and Mijachlan's patent ?team steering gear form^jart of the vessel's equipment. The 'steering jgear is connected with the fiying bridge, Vitenoe the Reamer is commanded. There is a large eteam xmmp, which'Scon discharge 100 tons of water ballast per QOur. The efceamer is supplied with eteel warps and patent lippers, as well as patent anchors, and there is a new and improved plan of anchor crane. The engines worked well phd«moothly«ll the way out, and gave no trouble. . They ( JrivsiJie vessel atlO-knot speed, on a small consumption of ] DOotilChe total -qaantity used on lie voyage was &S; tons. I Ehjg;jordeaistance traversed, was something remarkable. I' ISfer«teamer'ifl straight -stemmed, andis rigged as a ?double- j tSpcftO schooner. Anumber of ?passengers liave come out] mliiBjanet STicolL , Among Mem iu» fho'*wneri3Hrro.i 