[?] Mr. Wm. Pattisos's many friends will be pleased to learn that, though still very weak, he is programing steadily towards complete convalescence. A LExuTHSViN, who wrote abont the want of water on the Central Railway, failed to send OB the onmber of tbe gang in connection with which the irrecultnties be mentioned occurred, and till be does so the authorities will be unable to remeoV mitten. If onr correspondent will famish ns with the desired information, care will be taken that be shall haie no farther ground for complaint. A vert neat souvenir of the laying of the foundation stone of the Bank of Australasia has been presented to the gentleman who per formed the ceremony— Mr. Brown, agent for the bank in Bockhampton. It conaute of a silver trowel beautifully chased, and bearing the following inscription :— ?? Presented to J. C. Brown, Esq., on laying foundation (tone Bank of Australasia. Bockhampton. Decem ber 22. 1883.' Tbe trowel waa made in Mrs Kingel'a establishment, while the engraving wm. done in Brabant. Tbe article reflect*. ereajt on Hbe-maker. The successful competitors for new public offices in Brisbane are Megan. Grainger and D'Ebro, of Melbourne. The second prize was awarded to Messrs. Smith and Johustone, Melbourne; and the third to Mesnm. Grainger and Naah. Adelaide. The frieods of Miss Fleming will be pleased to hear that she hae been appointed head teacher of the Infanta' School 'here. This yoaog lady has been for some tame in the Ceotral Girls' State School under Mrs. Wil kinson, and her promotion ia well deserved. MiBS Pinkum, late mistress of the Infanta' School, has, we understand, resigned her position. The Moore's Creek Bridge has as yet re ceived no attention at the hands of the municipal authorities of North Bockbampton, although it was decided over three weeks ago that it should be temporarily repaired. The Works' Committee, we hope, will give it attentioo before the expiry of their term of office. If they do not the structure will have at least three weeks before anything will be We regret to hear that the selectors about Westwood have suffered severely from the drought. Mr. O'Briea has lost three valu&bie; draught horses, and over eighty head of cattle, while Mr. Quirke has lost nearly all Mb ?cattle, and Mr. M*G!acdery is minus several milkers. In the Gladstone district farmers nave also been heavy losers. One selector in that locality has lost all his cattle, and is so diairaBted that he declares be will not attempt to breed cattle again. At a meeting of the Belyando Divisional Board on the Stb instant a letter was read from the Oogango Dtvieional Board enclosing copies of a resolution passed by them some time ago, in which it was proposed to petition the Minister for Lands for all camping reserves on roads to be placed under the control of boards for travelling stock, so as to enable them to fence, employ caretakers, and charge for agiscment; and also that all reserves other than for railway purposes be placed in the hands of boards with power to lea&e.; From the Peal Downs Telegram we gather that it was decided by the casting vote of the Chairman (Mr. A. Small) to render all assistance possible to the Gogango Divisional Board to have their resolutions carried into «Sect Drvnrc service was held on Sonday at denavon, the residence of Mr. PL Horton on the coast, by tfae Rev. D. Mossop, Congrega tional minister. The rev. gentleman preached from Heb. vi., 11 — ' And we desire that every one of you do show the same diligence to the full assurance of hope unto the end.' There was rather a Urge assemblage of settlers and their families, who listened with earnest attention to the simple yet able manner in which the text was expounded. In the after coon Mr. Mossop delivered a special address to children. The evident spiritual bene6t and satisfaction derived by the inhabitants of the bush from Bach visits as that described lead to the hope that other clergymen will, if possible, occasionally follow Mr. Mossop's example, as we are assored, if timely notice were given, a large number of selectors could always be depended on to assemble on such occasions to listen to the Word. It will be a matter of surprise, doubtless, to many of our southern friends to learn that the Rockhampton butchers, notwithstanding a severe drought — the effects of which have been felt throughout the colony— are still able to supply their customers with meat of excellent quality. On Thursday last seventy head of fat cattle were trucked along the Ceotral Railway from Bauhinia Downs, the property of the Hon. C. B. Dattoo, for Mr. D. Martin, of Bo!sover-etreet. and consigned to Messrs. Brown and Riaien. The selection was left to Mr. Dutton, and they arrived here «afely and without losing much of their con dition. This was the ooly way they could be brought down in order to be ready for immediate slaughtering. In the state of the country it would have been impossible to drive tbem down without pro bably lore in oumber, and at any rate in condition. Four of them were killed on Saturday, and weighed in our presence. They were beautiful and fat, and turned the scale at 1000 lbs. We understand tbax the whole of the herd are in excellent condition, though not so large as those exhibited on Saturday. Since bis appoictment as Returning Officer for North Rockhampton Municipal election to come off on the 5th February, Mr. Coker has been endeavouring by all the legitimate means in his power to procure a roll in time for the -election tbat will represent mon Sully than did the last the voting power of the rate payers. The electoral rolls for Eockhamptoa and Blackall baring beeu just turned out from the Government Printing Office be obtained a copy of each from the Returning Officers, Messrs. R. M. Hunter and E. P. Uvermote respectively*, and from tbem has compiled a new Voters* Boll that will have been printed ere *this reaches many of oar readers. The num ber of names on it is about 130. whilst on the but there were only SG. Though that does not represent the full voting power of the ratepayers, Mr. Coker deserves credit and the thanks of the residents of North Rockhampton for bts energetic action. We may mention that out of the orcioal number a good many have been wiped oft eo that tbe difference between the voters at this and the last election docs not represent the actual number of changes. Though we have not twen able to obtain a glarce at tbe new roll, we understand tbe names of several property owners bare been inserted who were only prevented from coming forward for civic honours at the 6-st opportunity because of their names not being on the roll. Some of them will woo the ratepayers now, and a contest will take place, as the gentlemen unanimously appointed do not seem to care about resigning their hononrB almost as soon as they have begun to enjoy tbem. A correspondent complains of the rate at which cabmen with their vehicles dash about the streets on Saturday evening when tbe streets are crowded, and suggests that tbe Inspector of Nuisances should pat an end to tbe dangerous practice. The Bockhampton friends of Mr. John Powe, of Gladstone, will regret to hear that he died on Wednesday last, after a long illness. The deceased, who was sixty-three years of age, bad held the position of Registrar at Gladstone for over twenty-five years, until about two yean ago, when he resigned, owing to ill-health. It may be of interest to our readers to know the amount of income and expenditure in con nection with the North Rockhampton Muni The former, we may remark, is far below the expenditure which amounts to nearly £80, whilst the income has only been 3a., paid for the privilege of carting sani from tbe bed of Moore'e Creek. We understand that an intimation has bees received by the officers of the Central Rail way that the hour* of labour for clerks in the employ of tbe department here are to be mfuWfrom 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. instead of 0 a.m. to 5 p.m. as previously. This reduction is duly appreciated, no doubt, but where the rub comes in is that the work hours are to be continuous, the time usually allowed for dinner — between 1 p.m. and '2 p.m. — being done away with. We have not yet heard whether a similar notice ha* been received by the heads of other departments in the town, but if it is tbe case. Government officials have not gained by this much-talked -of reduction. A LESC.TnSiiAS on the Central Railway wishes us to call attention to the way he and his chums have been treated as to water and rations recently. A notice for instance was eeot along the line to the effect that water and rations would be despatched oo a certain day The water was sent, but not tbe rati ne. Next time it was to be pay and water, bnt there was only pay and ootbing to driok. In ex pectation of water all the tanks had been emptied and cleared ont Some of the men had to go balf a dozen miles for water. It is evident some one has blundered, and we have no doubt the bead of the department in terested will attend to these matters in future. Three prisoners arrived here Wednesday by the s.6. Qoiraing from Mackay in charge «f tbe police. We have oot been furnished with anv information as to their oames, but it ie probable they are William Xormao, George Guinin, and a kanaka named Boslem. On perusing the columns of the Sfocko'i M-rcuni of the 5th January we cut her that Norman was sentenced to six months1 imprisonment in Rockhamptnn Gaol for the larceny of a revolver and cartridge and for having in his possession a gold watch ; Goinin to two months1 imprisonment for assaulting two kanakas on the 2Gtb December ; and Boslem on Boxing Day. As interesting article on the ports of Queensland appears in the London Pictorial Worl'i of November 22. The illustrations are the Fitzroy Bridge (Rockhampton). views of Cardwell, Maryborough, Townsville, Hirer Brisbane, Bowen, sugar plantation Mackay, Cooktown, Somerset, and the wharf at Gladstone, and in addition to the places mentioned or referred to in this list of illustra tions, descriptions are given of Bnodaberg. Port Douglas, and Cairns, the whole comprising five pages. We are no doubt indebted to Sir Thomas M 'II wraith's action in New Goinea for the great interest taken in Queensland at home, which the appearance of Euch a complete article on the colony implies, and tbe more attention is directed to it the more rapidly its resources are likely to be developed. Tbe paper may be seen at the School of Arts here. The population of the Ceotral District has been further augmented by the arrival of a batch of immigrants on board of the British India mail steamer Waroooga, which arrived at Port Alma oo Saturday tnorninp at half-past six. The steam tender Mabel, with the Health Officer aboard, left the wharf here ahout tea o'clock on Friday night, towing the punt Edith. After a very rapid passage— seven hoars — Port Alma was reached, hot the steamer was not in sight. At half-past six, later the Mabel dropped alongside, when Dr. Tbnrston proceeded on board. Finding nothing wrong, he passed tbe immigrant?. The Rockhampton contingent were then transhipped to the steam launch Mabel. The laggsge aod a portion of the cargo were removed, and at half-past eight a start was made for town, which was reached shortly before one o'clock. The WaroonRa, b.s., left London on the 20th November, under the command of Captain A. A. Fyfe. with J4S sooIb on board, equal to 397 ^ statute adults. Plymouth was reached on the 22nd, but the stay was Bhort, as she left the same day. Port Said, the next port of call, was touched at on the Stfa November. A dday of one day took place at Aden, waiting for maile. but a fast passage was made across the Indian Ocean, at the average rate of 12 knots per hour. She arrived in Cooktown on the Otb January, two days before contract time. Thire were four births on the voyage ? three girU and one boy, and three deaths. Tbe voyage was very pleasant, there being no sickness whatever, and tbe festive seasons of Christmas and New Year were recognised very happily. The Waroonga landed 13 immigrants at Cooktown — 1 married couple. 9 single men. and 2 single women ; 15 at Fownsville— 2 married couples, 6 single men, and 3 single women ; 4 at Bowen— 3 single men, and 1 single woman ; 27 at Mackay ? 2 married couples, 8 single men, 9 single women, and C children ; and at Rockhampton 50-3 married cooplt-a, 12 single men. 7 single women, and 5 children. There yet remain 3G1, who will be landed at Brisbane. Of that number 53 are married couples, 85 single men, 84 single women, and 86 children. At a late sitting of the Vice-Admiralty Court in Brisbane, before His Honor the Acting Chief Justice, Mr. Arthur H. H. M. Feez was admitted as an advocate of that Court on the motion of Mr. Dickson. A WEETiyc, of creditors in the estate of the late Mr. F. H. Xixoo was held in the offices noon. The majority of those interested were represented, and a proposal having been made for the payment of 15s. in the £1 it was ac cepted. Two amendments proposing to accept lower composition were rejected. A lover of the piscatorial art had his ad miration for tbe pastime rather damped late oq Sunday oiebt. He was engaged in throw ing out a heavy line, and by 6ome a-vcidt'Dt when he let go the hook ran into the fleshy part of bis hand instead of into the water and broke off. With all possible haste he roused Dr. Callaghan. who, after considerable trouble, extracted the barbed steel, bat not without caasiog the antaeky fisherman, great pain. The Dumber of voters on the Rockhamptoa Electoral Roll for 1SS4 is 1440, which year's l.tt — 1424 ; whilst in 1SS2 tbere were only 13-S. It will be seen by the above that tbe number of names added to the roll in ISS2 were considerably over that added last year. On the Blackall roll for this year there is ooe name less thao last— 780 as acainst 781, whilst in 1SS2 the number was 7S3. These facts show that out of the large oumber of new arrivals here very few take the trouble of pettiDg themselves registered, and when an election takes place they are unahle to exercise the franchise to which they are entitled after six months' residence. In reference to the proposed redaction in rates for Press messages on Queensland Hoes the Courier learns that before the promise of tbe Ministry ia this respect can be earned oat it ts considered necessary to provide for the increase of business expected by putting on an additional wire to Gympie, which will give ttundaberg a Iioe to itself ; also additional wires to Dalby, and right through to Charle vtlle ; and another between Townsville and Bowen. Arrangements are already completed for working the duplex instrument on the Brisbane and Rockhampton lines, and this will be ready for ose next week. Among other extensions under construction is that from St. George to Cannamulla r -i the Balonne, which will be a great convenience in working other lines. The line from Cloncurry to Bonlia, in l«-nijth 170 miles, is making good progress, the contractor baviog got 150 miles marked aod cleared, and the poet- bo! ee sunk by the 7th instant. This is much better time than was expected, tbe contractor having managed to jiet his plant and men out in good time, and the drought not having been sufficient to counterbalance tbe advantages arising from tbe absfece of Hoods. In connection with the subject mentioned at tbe beginning of this paragraph, we learn that the internal rate for Press telegrams in Soath Australia, which it is proposed to adopt here, is le. for the tirst fifty words, and tbe same amount for every additional fifty words or part of fifty. A preliminary meeting of persons inte rested in tbe proposed railway to Emu Park was held in tbe Bel more Arms Hotel oo Fri day evening. A number of influeotia! gentle men were present. Mr. G. S. Curtis, who was voted to tbe chair, explained that the business would ooly be of a formal character, viz., the election of a Committee and Secre do,' but would be a useful machine of com tn a ni cation between tbe members of the district and the people of Rockhamptoo. If any important point should be raised it would then be their doty to cat! a general public meeting, when be considered every inhabitant ou^ht to attend, as tbe railway would euable people to sa?e doctors' bills and horse feed, besides being able to enjoy a pleasant place of resort. Copies of tbe petition bad been sent to tbe various western towns with signature lists attached, as the country people were as much interested, if not more so, than the of the railway. They were now waiting the return of the lists. In reply to Mr. Hartley. the Chairman eaid, witb reference to the fioanct-s, a subscription list had beeu started eome time ago to defray the e&]-eases of a paid has a good sura in hand. No difficulty bad b«j* n experienced in obtaiuing donations for the object they bad in view. He intent men tioo that several well-koown gentlemen were meats, bat no doubt they woal-1 be willing t-- On the motion of Mr. Buldemau an iofluenti..) committee uas appointed, with power to add list will l*e published. Mr. Rotiison propox-d gentleman bad taken a'^rcat i lit* rest in the affair from tbe beginuini!. Mr. L)avie£, 10 feconding the motion, praised Mr, Ciovett for the manner in which he bad worked at Pioe Hill in the interests of the petition, as he was there at the time. The motion was earned with the understanding that Mr. Robison woald act if Mr. Govett was absent at any time. Oo the subscription list bein^r handed rouod the room Mr. Jackson gave it as his opinion, while sub scribing to the fund, tbat no canvasser ou^ht to have been paid for the work. Lists were at different places in tbe town, and :f canvasser? had been necessary he would bare been willing to act himself. The Chairman said in reply tbat it was distinctly understood at the com mencement that a paid canvasser should be engaged as it would occupy a great deal of time, Several gentlemen contributed to tbe fond. Some discussion ensued witb regard to admitting tbe press to the meetings, and it was understood reportera are to be admitted. A vote of thanks to the Chairman concluded the proceedings. Mes. Hanix-n, who was reported missing; on Thursday, was found on Friday morning. She wandered to Messrs. Murphy and Lanin gan's on Thursday night, aod after receiving some refreshment was brought into town. The reduction in the hoars of labour for employees in tbe Central Railway Depart ment, to which we alladed on Monday, does not seem to have been extended to tbe other departments of the civil service io Rock hampton, and tbe dinner hoar is still observed. Ml William Patti.sosjs well-known presence has been missed in East- street this been concerned, because of bis having been prostrated by a species of fever. It is gratify ing to learn that he is now improving, and we hope to see him stepping about again within the next few days. Trepj: is (says a contemporary) great rejoic ing in Brisbane mercantile circtes over the fact that the Brisbane Chamber of Commerce, j after months of weary waiting, actually got 1 a quorum and heM a meeting on Thursday I last. N'o lees than five members were I present. It was resolved to call the attention of the editor of the European Mail to tbe ! fact tbat Brisbane is oot Moreton Bay. We i hope the communication will explain where ? Brisbane is, otherwise the editor's peoiiraphy will receive a severe shock. M k. P. \\\ ateks, contractor for the erec tion of tbe new buiMingB at the corner of Deohsm-str^et and Quay -Lane, has been favoured with a visit by some mischievous rauibler. On Thursday night a person at present uoknown, but who evidently under stood what he was about, smashed several panes of glass in ooe of tbe back wiodowa of the premises referred to. but oot satisfied with that, broke a cross-bur in both sashes so that a new pair will have to be made. It is evi dent the act was intentionally malicious, and tbat tbe perpetrator aimed at patting Mr. We hope he will be discovered, when he will learn tbat he cannot wilfnlly destroy other peopte'6 property without having to pay, or, perhaps, undergo imprisonment for it. At the Gladstone District Court on Taesday evening last, before His Honor -lodge Miller, AogOBt Cross surrendered to his bat] on a charge of stealing 100 slabs of cedar. Mr. Real prosecuted for the Crown, and the priso ner was defended by Mr. Campbell Hie case for the Crown wbb that tbe slabs had been left partly stacked and partly scattered about on a selection of the prosecutor's fronting a creek at a place where Captain Cross wa» koown to visit. They were subsequently missed and were traced to the possession of a brother of the prisoner, who stated that be had received them from the prisoner for work performed, and had subsequently sold a por tion of them for £6. Mr. Campbell, in a brief bat effective address, stated that Captain Cross had been compelled tb ranch stress of weather to rnn bis scuooorr, theTerrigal, into the creek for ballast The vessel being in a leaky state he had not used sand for fear of choking the pumps, and stone was not to be bad. Findine tfae slabs lying on the bank ap parently abandoned, he therefore took them ia as ballast, and on throwing them out at Bandaberg gzve tbem as a Gratuity to a brother who had been accustomed to work occasionally for him. Under those circum stances the prisoner's coansel contended. j presumed. The jury evidently took tbe narpe I view, lor after a abort consultation they re j turned a verdict of not guilty. ? Thcwe of an observant tarn of mind will have noticed that tbe old buildings in our jmain streets are gradually giving way to ! other and larger teoements oo a grander 6cale i and witb some show of architectural beauty. j Among tlie latest improremeuta in this ,way is tbe macuiticent block of two-story | brick baitdiogs now being erected at tbe corner ?of Denham-Etreet and Quay-lure for Mr |jobn Ferguson, XL LA. The frODtace to : Deoham-stroet is 74 feet S iocfaes and ! 42 feet hifih. Tbe ediBce is divided on the ground floor into foor shops— Io feet by 44 feet. In the front plate glass windows are to be fixed, and they should be suitable for a retail ; botsiuess of any description. In tbe ceutre of . tbe huiding is a staircase 0 feet wide. On {ascending it a corridor is reached extending from side to side, and another staircase leading to the rear of tbe nremises. On either Eide of the corridor! which is (J feet uide, are sir offices 20 feet by 14 f«st. These have already lieen secured as oloml-ere by several of oar fcading i lawyers. Veotilati.m'is provided by a light ov« the landing, and as wmdous are placed jit either end of the corridor every breath of air should be feit. Tee offices, owing to the currents o! air, will alwavs be pleasant and ,-ooi. At tbe rear a veriodah »ill be 1 erected for the use of those renting tbe , tenements on the grouud door. The front ul the butldiog is o: a. verv oeaC I design. At the top is au ornamental peihweot, in the ceutre of which is the Aob tralian coat of arms— witb semblances of tbe kangaroo and emu— as support«r. On the , nifh: is a tifc-ureo( the Queen, and on tbe left I that of Pnoce Albert. Tbe earring of the statues was dnne by Mr. E. Waters, a local . amateur, soo of Mr. P. Waters, tbe contractor , lor the erection of the building. On either : side of the rigures are three large . vases, and underneath ?? Advance Rock . hampton. Fiuroy Chambers, 1SSS.' The , windows in the front upstairs will : be pUte glass, and to relieve the monotony ; a baadsome fnrze has been 6et overhead and I caps at the side. There oow remains very litUe to be done before the premises are com. jpteted. The principal wort will be the fitting j up of the shops and the erection of verandah* at the back and front. Mr. Waters has carried out his work carefully, and to the satisfaction doubtless of Mr. Ferguson- The position of tbe 'Chambers' makes tbem peculiarly suitable for business men. and we understand all tbe available space has bees taken op for eome time past. The Customs collections at this port from the 2nd to the 12th January, 1SS4, amounted to £4653 16s. 74 The following names are added to tbe gene ral commission of the peace by notice in Saturday's Gazette :— L. J. E. Dalhnnty, Barcoo ? and Iaidor Lissner, Charters Towers. Th£ appointment of. Mr. W. Hemmant as Acting-Agent-General for this colony id London (says tbe UTarytorovgfi Chronide) which is notified in Saturday's Gazette, has aroused comment both favourable and the reverse, Mr. Box. in the Legislative Council on Thursday, hit the nail on the bead when he questioned the wisdom of appointing a red hot party politician encb as Mr. Hemmant to the office. (t is surmised in some quarters that this chance in tbe control of the Acent GeneraTs office is harried aloog so that the present Government may have the London office overhauled by one of their own men before Sir Thomas M'Hwraith can reach there and (as is presumed) manipulate matters. One of onr Brisbane contemporaries says that if Hemmant does not exceed in finding oat a lot of iniquities he will die of a broken heart. The usual monthly sitting of the Land Court was held on Monday before Mr. Commis sioner Vooog, who hag just returned from a visit to Victoria. Tbe following applications were granted conditionally :— No. 2227, D. Armstrong, 450 acres, conditional selection. Ultimo ; No. *2i2S, H. W. Kdwards. 160 acres, homestead. Rosewood ; No. 2229. H. Edwards, jnnr., 160 acre?, homestead. Rosewood ; No. 2230, E. Barnett. ICO acres, homestead, Stan well ; No, 2231, S. Hughes, 160 acres, home stead, Neerkol. Tbe amount received for first year's rent and survey fees was £G7 14s. Gd.— £32 !7s Gd. rent and £34 17s. fees. Certi ficates were granted to No. 1667, W. H. E. Bedford, Rockbampton ; No. 950, Elizabeth MKSregor, Morchison ; No. 1345, John Robert ?on, Stan well; No. 13S7, E. Macaree, Bewitvflle. It will be remembered that some time ago tdie North Rockhampton Municipal Council made application to the Colonial Secretary for permission to make np a Voters' Roll from the Gogango Divisiocal Board rate book. Thitf request, as will be observed by oar report of tbe Coancfl meeting, was not granted, the Attorney-General giving it as his opinion that tbe only method of procednre was pointed oat in section 43 of tbe Local Government Act, the second clause in which states that at any elec tion held in any new municipality before a Voters' Roll is prepared in accordance with the general rale all persona named on any electoral roll for the Legislative Assembly in respect of a freehold or boosebold qualifica tion shall be deemed to be the electors. The only course, therefore, open to the Returning Officer, as no rate book was in existence, was to make ap a new list from the Electoral Bolls for Rockhampton and Blackall. Rate payers whose names are not on the roll will see from the above that it was no fault of tbe members of the present Council. At the last meeting of the Town Council it was decided, on the motion of tbe Mayor, to apply for a special loan of £40.000. It was suggested the Town Surveyor should prepare plans, speci6cations, &c;, for the proposed works, bat the proposition was not generally agreed to. The Mayor and Aldermen Allen and Williamson were in favonr of offering a preminm for tbe best drainage system. The last-named gentleman baa given notice that he will move at the Council meeting on Thursday that a premium of £200 be offered for the beat drainage scheme, with plans, specifications, and estimate of cost of draining the town ; and £100 for the second best scheme, the plans, Jtc, to be tn by four o'clock on tbe 1 7th April. This is an indication of the way in which tbe loan money will be shied about nnleas tbe electors interfere, and give some of their municipal representatives a caution. Some time ago we threw oot a suggestion that a drainage plan of the town should be prepared, and we were sneered at for not being aware such a plan was already in was Town Surveyor he took measurements and levels and wrote an elaborate report which was regarded as a plan. We have do doubt a plan could easily he made from it, and that it is worthy of consideration at this time- We trust tbe Council will give it some thought before they squander three hood red pounds in procuring plan9 that may not be so good. Saturdays Go~r»wnt -^-sft*. : — Sergeant Patrick Bowen to be assistant registrar of births and deaths at Pine Hill for the registry district of Clermont; Henry L. IVilkin SOD, B A., to be clerk associate to tbe Actin-* Chief Justice r/-' E. K. J. -;. Howe, resigned; Mary Fleming to I* head teacher of Central State School for infants, Rockhamptoo ; J. S. Clowes to be head teacher of the State School at Clermont ; .1. Fletcher to be head teacher of tbe State School at Sprmcaurc ; J. A. Holdsworth. R. Magill, and C. A. Phillips to be members of Committee for State School at Pioe Hill. The removal of the Eev. T. Jones, Primitive Methodist minister, from Rockharopton to Emerald, is notified The tender of B. Tolb for additions to the Post and Telegraph Office. Springsure, is accepted ; and tenders are invited for tbe erection of a lockup and police quarters at Cometville. Tbe following are the new rates for telegraph Press messages between Brisbane and Sydney :— Ten words, 2a.; every addi tional word up to sixteen words, 2A. ; over sixteen and ap to 10Q words, 3s.; every additional 100 'words or fraction thereof, 3s. The redaction of the rates of postage for correspondence to the United Kingdom marked ' via Melbourne' or **ria San Francisco,' are as follow ;— Letters, per j oz., &1 ; packets, not exceeding 1 oz., Id.; not exceeding 2ozs, 21.; 2 oza. to 4 oza., 4d,; every additions! 4ozn . 43 ; newspapers, each, oot exceeding 4 ozs., Id. Whilst the loading of the s.s. Balmain was being proceeded with on Monday morning one of the wharf lumpen named Winter, who was standing on a plank near the bold, over balanced, and fell to the bottom of the vessel. He sustained injaries in the head, back, and arm, and was taken to the Hospital, where he received tbe attendance of Dr. Thorston. Tbe exact nature of the braises to the head cannot yet be ascertained. THEOrphanagewastheaceneof asad accident on Monday. A ittle boy, between seven and eight yean of age, named John Brown, was sitting on a moving swing, wben be let go his hold, and was thrown to the ground with con siderable force. He was immediately con veyed to the Hospital, and eramioed by Dr. Thoreton, who found he had sustained a com* pound comminuted fracture of the skulL The unfortunate little fellow now lies in a very doobtfuL Emu Park and Yeppnon are now alive with visitors, bent on enjoying recreation and relaxation from tbe labours of the past twelve strength by residence at the sea-side and fre quent ablutions in the briny deep. Tbe Park is especially lively, both the hotels being foil, and the coaches coming and going are heavily laden. We understand that Mr. E. Macaree has disposed of one of his cottages at the Park to a well-known citizen for a satisfactory A mishap that might have been attended with eerious consequencea occurred to Mr. F. Pratfs coach Invincible on Saturday evening while on its journey to Emu Park, Nothing in any way tended to mar the pleasure of the drive took place until within a few yards nf tbe Blue Bell Hotel, when the driver, no doubt highly elated at being ' full,' dashed round the turn near Mr. Macaree's cottage and into Mr. Pratt's yard. One of the wheels ran into a hole in the sand, and tbe rapid pace at which the vehicle was going made the strain eo severe and the near bind wheel broke and the pieces went here and there. All on the box seat except the driver were thrown to tbe ground in a rather am using manner, bnt they fortunately escaped unhurt, there being nothing wrong beyond a scratch or two and a severe shaking. A coach left the Park on Saturday night for town, and took out a new wheel in place of the broken Dne, so that tbe Invincible was able to leave is uBoal at five o'clock on Monday morning. The many friends of Captain J. W. Mil lican, brother-in-law of Mr. G. B. Jones, of this town, will be pleased to hear that he is iron ship of 1600 tons, trading between Loo don and Australia. From the Marypori Advfrtstr of November 9 we notice that the Myrtle Holme arrived in London on tbe 5th November, after making one of tbe quickest Australian voyages known in recent times. She passed Lizard Point on the 7th April last, bound for Adelaide, and arrived at her jour ney's end on tbe 19th Jane, only seventy -three dayB being occupied in the passage. After discharging her cargo of general merchandise, and taking on board a quantity of floor, she Bet sail again on the 30th July. The Lizard was reached on the 29th October— the time occupied in tbe passage from Lizard Point and back again being only six mouths and twenty two days, or from dock to dock seven months and three days. Between Adelaide and Cape Horn, a distance of 2S80 miles, the ran was made in twelve days, her best dsys' work being 290 and 2SS miles respectively. Captain Millican is to be congratulate,! on making such a splendid voyage, especially as this was bis first voyage in command of tbe Myrtle Holme. Octe readers cannot have forgotten the energetic manner in which the early closing movement was taken np not long since j bow it was supported by the ladies of the Benevolent Society ; and how at a public meeting, it was upheld by the clergy. In fact, one and all were in favour of tbe concession to those who were compelled to early on Monday morriog till late on Saturday evening. The majority of our drapers and grocers agreed to close at 1 p.m. on Wednes day?, and tbe early closing was inaugurated by a procession, tn which all interested took part All were red hot and excited at the time over the boon they bad obtained, and every Wednesday cricket matches were organised, or perhaps fishing parties ; bnt for some unexplained reason members of the Early Closing Association appeared to lose their interest in the movement. The cricket matches were dropped. Then several employers formed tbe idea of bringing the unfortunate girls, who are stuck behind a counter from one week's end to another— back to work on a Wedoes pretence that stock-taking would have to be dooe. Every succeeding week these generous individuals framed some excuse for having them back, first because there was a bit? order to be got oct, then to arraoge the windows, and lastly, to serve customers admitted at a Bide or back door. When the girls had been brought back attempts were made to win the gentlemen over, which, we are sorry to say, succeeded in some cases, though not so com pletely as in the case of tbe weaker vessels. We have previously alluded to this matter, which deserves tbe attention of the Early Closing Association, of which we have heard very little lately. Tbe yonng men should take it up, if only for the sake of their fair fellow-workers, who have not tbe inclination or ability to do so themselves. We could mention several cases which have come under oar own notice, where persons have been served with goods after one o'clock on Wed nesday, and where the employees can be seen working as hard, and at the same class of labour, as at other times. Id fact, if any person doubts the veracity of this statement he can satisfy himself by taking a walk round the back of our principal drapery and grocery shops, and sore enough be will find employer and employee busily toiling. We leave this matter now for the consideration of tbe Early Closing Association. The arrival! by the Waroonga are, we are pleased to be able to state, going off rapidly. The majority of the single girls, none of whom were for hire, have left their quarters, and joined their friends. A large Dumber of the single men have acted similarly, though one or two have taken employment. There are yet a few awaiting engagements. Tbe inquiry for married couples still continues to be very limited, but notwithstanding they seem to go off steadily. Several of the Danish con tingent by the Gonlpara have not yet been fortunate enough to gain situations, because of their inability to understand onr language. The members of the Young Mens' Mission here are going to work in a systematic manner. They have issued a *' plan of engagements ' for Monday evening meet ings. On Monday, 2Stb January, a spelling bee, for which three prizes are offered, will take place. To this tbe public are invited. A discussion on ' Pulpit v. Press,' is tbe order of the evening for February, and on tbe 25th an essay on ?? Marriage ' for the benefit of tbe public. The only other evening daring tbe quarter announced as being open to all, is the 31st March, when there will be a social evening and coffee supper with charge for M'iHFriftn- The members' roll comprises twenty-seven names, the majority of whom attend the weekly meetings. It appears that tbe Eev. D. Mossop was net alone on Sabbath last in his ministrations to the outlying populations. Rev. W. E. Hillier preached to a numerous appreciative con jugation at Emu Park, and Rev. T. W. I'Erson at Yeppoon. We are informed that ministers of other denominations frequently hold religions services in many localities at some distance from Bockh&mptoa; — Mount Wheeler. Mount Hedlow, Stoney Creek, Morinisb, Yaamba, Raglan, The Dee. Crocodile Creek, Sandy Creek, Stewart's Creek, and most of the stations on tbe Central Railway. Several of the camps of tbe men working on the line have often been visited, especially by ministers of tbe Primitive Methodist denomination — so that the bush tum not been entirely neglected. The mortality returns of the locality still Bbow a tendency to increase, and the cause of deatb in the majority of cases is fever. The matter is worthy the consideration of tbe authorities who have the sanitary arrange ments- of the town in their bands. The deaths in Rockhampton from tbe 1st to tbe 14th January amounts to twenty-five, an increase of two over the births, which are twenty-three. Speaking on this subject we once more call the attention of the Town Council to the character of the water supplied to the town. There is now, we understand, a depth of twelve feet below the pipe, bat as it projects much nearer the centre of the Ugoon than hitherto it would be well to ascertain the average depth . The quality of the liquid many of our townsmen have to consume is not at all conducive to health. We {Courier) bave much pleasure in record ing an act of gallantry performed by Mr. J. F. 6. Foxton, M.L.A., during bis recent visit to Victoria. It appears that he was sitting on the St. KQda pier, enjoying the Btroog breeze blowing, which was raising a swell sufficient to dash the spray over the end of the structure, when an unhappy girl, tired of her life, made an attempt to commit suicide by jumping into tbe sea. Mr. Foxton at once followed her into the water, caught her before she had time even to sink, and managed to support her until a boat came round to take her in. Those who know tbe locality, and bow completely it is exposed to the eea raised in Hobson's Bay by a southerly wind, will understand the dancer and difficulty of Mr. Forton's feat. The Su-hu-y Herald makes mention of a fatal accident at Fo ley's baths. A married mao named Edward Turner, who resided with bis wife and family at Crown-street, Surrey Hills, left bis home during the afternoon, jo company with an acquaintance named William Henry Kichards, and proceeded to the baths for tbe purpose of having a bath. Both men entered the water, but Turner, in doing so, dived on from one of the sides of the enclosure, and almost immediately after he had disappeared, be was observed Boating to the surface, with his bead under water. Assistance being at hand, he was con veyed to one of the platforms in an apparently unconscious state, and medical aid was at once ptoenreri, but on the body being subsequently examined, it was found that the unfortunate man was dead. Whether tbe sudden shock to the system from the plunge, or concussion with tbe bottom of the bath caused death is not stated. We share tbe happiness felt by the Mttri/'Oron'jh CftroufHe. in being able to an oounce that in spite of the depressing weather and ite conseqoences on agriculture, both cane crushing plant Messrs. Tooth and Co!? of the Vnlcan Foundry, are just about to commence work on two very large plants of tbe kind for Bundaberg plantations, while they have in hand what will prove a v«ry fioe specimen of this kind of machinery for Mr. Boyle Martin's plantation, near Pialb&l; Operations at tbe Do ion Foundry have been limited daring the last fortnight to enable John Walker and Co. to get through the rather onerone work of stock-taking. This foundry has. therefore, not been in fall work this weeMbat all hands are expected to be at their posts on Monday. Messrs. J. Walker and Co. have just contracted with Messrs Swallow and Derham, of Cairns, to provide them with an additional engine and crushing machine for their extensive plantation. The mill will be similar in design to that recently supplied to Hammock plantation, Bandabcrg. and will be capable of potting throogfa ten tons of sugar per diem. That tbe utmost care should be exercised in opening bottles of aerated waters was fllna. trated near Sydney tbe other day- A man ' named William Allison, whilst at Mowman's Bay ptcnicing with a number of other persona, attempted to open a bottle containing aerated water, when the bottle burst, and the glass mttin+eA « laceration on his thigh. The wound was very severe, and was dressed at _«' the Hospital. ' * We understand that a; a meeting of the Pandora directors on Satnrdav, the question of water supply was fnlly discussed. The decision was arrived at to bring water from tbe river in pipes, and the scheme will doubt less commend iteelf to present shareholders. It is hoped it win indnee others to join the company, who at present held aloof. Water supply, so far as can be judged, is tbe only bar to its success. Estimates have been famished for three-inch piping at £200 per mile; one firm in town offering to supply the pipes and wait for payment till tbe company are in funds, charging meanwhile hank interest on cost, so that want of foods need not hinder the immediate carrying on of the work. We think that while they are about it the directors would act wisely in laying down a pipe sufficiently large to furnish an irrigating supply for themselves and neigh boom. The cost would be relatively small, while the benefit wonld be incalculable. This trater supply question must be settled at ooce; for without a good and sufficient supply it is impossible to carry on. Tbe mill has not been worked more than a day and a half, and is now stopped for the season. The result trill be about six tons of sugar, and this has inly been obtained by carting water from the Messrs. M array's well at Fitzroy Park. About three-fourtbB of an acre of cane from SJton (Messrs. M-Gsvin Bros.') was crushed la ring the week, bat owing to the lateness of Lhe season the density was low, about S* Consequently the yield will not exceed more than a ton of sugar. The weather np to Monday (says the Aramac l/atf) was most intensely hot, the -hermometer raging as high as 1 10 dec in tbe made. On Sunday evening distant lightning ires visible on the horizon, both to tbe east and srest of the town. No rain was, however, ?eported by wire the following morning. On Vlonday evening there was a thunderstorm to .he south-east, soatb, and Booth west, which asted many hours, bat no rain fell here or at SlackalL The reports from the intervening sountry bave not been received, bot from the itorm the rainfall, if any, must have been Tiding. Since then there has been more or ess thunder and lightning every evening. Slight showers have also been observed, ;bieny to the sooth and west Good rain is Reported from Bowen Downs, and we are in ormed that two dams in tbe eastern portion -f the run have been filled. There has also wen rain at the Dry Alice. The dam there is ulL and the creek running. It did not irtend far to the west, only a few drops laving fallen at Lilymere. We have no n formation as to what fell to the east. t\ ater is now becoming very scarce in the nterior, and stock are tailing off fast is many places. We fear the losses have already [-een considerable, and will before long be serious, unless tbe dronght breaks up soon. So stock transactions to report. On the 7th nstant 745 bead of store cattle, belonging to Messrs. Wienholt Brothers, Mr. M4£ean in :barge, passed through the reserve on their ivay to Saltern Creek. Carriage is stiH juoted at the old rates, viz., £17 to £19 per xra from Pine Hill to Aramac. A Spobttng Paeso.v.— What field America »eers for the sporting parson ! The Bev. tf- H. Hooghton. minister of New Haven Conn.), is the owner of a trotting horse lamed Borax, which won a prize at the Fall ileetiojr, Hamilton Park. Prior to tbe race it vas objected to on the ground that it had -reviou6ly run under the name of Allen. The ine of lOOdols. imposed by the judges for his offence was paid by Mr. Honghton, and be horse 'won the trot in three straight teate, and almost without an effort ' In ustice to his parishiooera it should be stated ;nat they remonstrated with their pastor. thereupon 'he preached a sermoo on tbe iropriety of a minister owning a fast horse ind quoted Scriptnral texts in snpport of his Cueso Game.-' A singular Rame of cbess.' i London paper says, 'has recently been inished in the north of Scotland. Tbe game «-as began about twelve months aco at New iork. The first player, Mr. J. B. Munoz, naue a move, and then passed the scorina -be*t on by prut to a friend. That friend made a move in reply, and then passed the oaper on by post to another well-known ylayer, who made a move in continuation In :his way the docoment found its wav to ™'c ?nd !«* the paper on to' J.maica. l-rotil Jamaica it was sent to England, and .fter passing throngh the hands of lell-knoi™ player, in London, Derby, Belper. Borton, BcrmiOEhan^ New^Btle, Maocles6eld, Shef Beld, Whjtehaven, Newcastle-on.TVnr 'Snntl. Shield^ and Workings. ^0^^^ more, it crossed the border, and began a tonr .mong the chera players of Scotlao! After bavellmg as far north as DaUKfllingtonTthc rookB and win with tbe pawns He. therT tne ngnature of seventy players, who each Si1'™1' th« S»»e, and the document hrT»Wh 'J^i' T* to' k«d to band 