LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. Tuesday, Siptbmbeb 16. The Speaker toot the chair at tne usnai nour. GLEN INNBS AND THE SUNDAY MAIL. TRAIN. Mr. W. J, FEEGUSSON aikad the Secretary of Publio Works — Will he say why the mail train leaving Newcastle on Sunday morning only runs ab far as Tarn worth? And will he reconsider the pro priety of running the train through to Glen Lnnea on Sundays ? Mr. DIBBS answered: The train would be run at' a considerable loss beyond Tarn worth; but arrange ments have been made for carrying passengers by goods trains, which arrive an hour or two later than the mail train would arrive. THE LISMORE MAGISTRATE. Mr. ABIGAIL asSed the Colonial Secretary — i. Has Mr. J. Stocks, J.P. , of Lismore, complied with the second letter of the Government, requesting hiui to resign his commission ? 2. If not, will the Govern ment take immediate steps to give effect to their decision by removing this gentleman from the com mission of the peace? 3. When will the papers -referring to this case be produced, in accordance ~ with a resolution pansed by this House some montht ago? : Mr. STUART answered : 1. Mr. Stocks has not resigned his commission ; but the request for him to do so was not contained in a second letter of the Government. 2. The Government have taken stept to remove this gentleman from the commission of the peace. 3. Now that the subject has been dealt with, there will be no objection by the Government to the y papera being laid on the table. PERSONAL EXPLANATION. Sir HENRY PARKES desired to make a personal explanation. .During the recent debate upon tne ex clusion of strangers, he had referred to the hon member for Central Cumberland (Mr. A. H. i M'Culloch), as having called attention to the pre j'r. sence of strangers more often than any other member \-- ,in the House. By some strange mistake he had identified the hon. gentleman with some other hon. member altogether, and he begged to apologise and «xpress Mb regret at the mistake he had made. WITHDRAWAL OF MOTION. Mr. CAMERON withdi ew the following motion, which had been standing for some time on the- paper in his name : — 1. That this House, having taken into consideration the Annual Report of tha Commandant of .the military Forces, is of opinion that the Perma nent Artillery Force should be disbanded, and that the Government should as soon as possible enter into negotiations with the Imperial Government to pro cure, if possible, the. car noes,- at the cost of the colony, of a proparly organised Battery of Royal Artillery. THE NEWCASTLE STREETS. Mr. FLETCHER moved for leave to bring in a bill to enable the council of the Borough of Newcastle to alter the. levels, width, and direction of streets at and near their meeting or intersection with other streets The motion was agreed to. and the bill was subsequently broocrht in and read a first time. UNDERMINING 6TB6ETS. Me. MELVILLE moved for leave to bring in a bill to restrain persons frosi taking ooal or other minerals from under any. streets in any towns, and for other purposes. The motion was agreed to. COMPANIES' BILL. ?- Mr. STEPHEN moved the third reading of the Companies Extra Colonial Registers' BilL The motion was agreed to, the bill passed, and sent to to the Legislative Counoil with the usual message. THK ANDERSEN FLOGGING CASE. Mr. A. G. TAYLOR desired to call the Attention of the Housa to tha recent flogging of tke man Andaraen, and to the remarkable minutes of the Minuter on the case. The minutes wsra a disgrace to the gentleman who wrote them. The case was a gross act of indecency- (Hear, hear.) Provided that flogging wm right, no man could be flogged with more justice than was ' this man. (Haax, bear.) The crime was committed in the open daylight, and in a place of publio u':xe»ort, and it was most outrageous in its character. \- - iThe Government had gone back oh their officials just because there happened to be a publio outcry. If flogging was right, no ether man deserved floeging since the law was passed more than did Andersen, and the Government ought to have etood by their ^ffinialB Whan the florainsr clause was sassad it was passed with great regret. A great many people and many hon members thought the flogging was a revival of a brutal pnnishmentof past times. The lash was sot a good thing ; it Had been abolished in the army and navy. The hon. .gentleman then read extract* from the minutes made by the Attorney -JetoraTaud the Minister of Justice, severely ariti ?isuw them: He contended that they showed a jm&to;* ? ignptxaee' xtf-jBie,' law, ; and that the JliniKters had thown great weakness in giving in fi '.public opinion as they had done. The .publio ad Jinerdy ehcSen giie «asi» to fhow ihBjr great dislike to the punishment of flogging, which now pre vailed in only two countries in the world. Russia and Australia. He was of opinion that it would not be long before the House was sitting and changing the law; but, as the law now stood, right or wrong, no man ever deserved Hogging more than Andersen. Mr. COHEN said that as far as the words of the Act were concerned, Andersen's case undoubtedly came- within the meaning of the Act ; but this was not a case in ite character which waa '^T oiently gross for the punishment of the lash I Sir John Robertson : 'This was in God's day light.'] 'Ses, but there was no evidence that any one saw it. He continued to read extracts from the evidence to show that tha case was not a fit and proper one for the Danish men t of flogging. He 'held by the opinion he had expressed in his minutes. The motion was then negatived. MUNICIPAL WAfS BILL. ' The Municipal Ways Improvement Bill was read a third .time and passed, and sent to the Legislative Council with the usual mest ape. Mr. Dibbs laid on the table of the House the additional and supplementary Estimates for the years . 18§3 and 1884. Mr. OOPELAND moved, — ' 1. That, in the opinion of this House, immediate provision should be made for the protection and exhibition of the national collection of works of art, and that the block of Government land sear, the top of King-street, bow occupied by the old Immigration Barracks and the Colonial Architect' offices, should be adopted as the Bite of the National Art Gallery and Public Library. 2\. That the above resolution be 'commnni oated by address to his Excellency the Governor.' He complained of the manner in wh.ch he had been attacked on this_ matter by Mr. Trickett, but did not at the time feel inclined to reply to what was said by that hon. gentleman. He praised very highly the efforts made by the trustees of the Art Gallery for the institution ; but objected to their taking the matter solely into their own hands, as they desired to do. He said they did not wish the question of the site or the building to be discussed in Parlia ment at all, although the money had to be voted by Parliament. The site proposed by the trustees was at the extreme end of the city, in a very unsuitable position, and very much out of the way ; while the site mentioned in his resolution was, he thou ht, the best in the city It had long ago been affirmed by that House, on the motion of Mr. Reid, that this site was appropriate for the erection of a Public Gallery. On a subse quent occasion Sir Henry Parkes brought in resolutions to have the Art Gallery on the site of the Garden Palace. On that resolution he moved au amendment to a similar effect as tne present motion, and he only lost it by the casting vote of the Speaker On that occasion several membera of the present Government had voted with him, and he could not understand how those gentlemen could vote against him now. He produced the plans of the building he proposed to be erected at the top of Kiag-street, and pointed out that this building would be far more commodious than the building proposed by the trus tees to be erected in the domain. One portion of this building, he learned from the Colonial Archi tect, could be built in 12 months, for .£65,000 The total cost of the block would be .£100,000; but that would include a deal of ornamen tation that would not be necessary to put up at once. Money had already been voted for this purpose, and there was a sufficient balance available for what he now Bought. The cost of th~ whole building for the Art Gallery and Library war. .£400,000 ; but it wonls probably take a long series or years before that amount could be expended. He contended that we were quite in a position to under take a work of this kind, and it would not be any too large for the increased population we should have by the time it was finished. At this stage, attention was called to the state of the House, and there not being a quorum present, th House was adjourned at half-past 6 o'clock till 4 o'clock this atterncon. 