:. V LIGHT AND THE SUN. ! TheRev.Mr.Paterson, of Chicago, meets -the .hostile: criticism about the alleged! creation of light before the;suniin genesisiiin at conclusive; manner. oji Light, so far from nbeingi solely, derived ; from' the Sun, exists inj and .can be educed from, almost; any known. substance.' : Even children are /familiar with:-, the flight pro duced by; therjfriction;idf two' pieces of quartz ; ; and ndioriemeeds to 'he-informed hqw ilight)mayfbe" produced by, the com-: bustioh.ibfidnflammablei.substances; : But the'i'numb'er-, of /these; 'sub'stancesflisr; far1 greater i. than riis .g'euerallyi- tsupposed,->andi light -i can be produced by; processes -to ' which, we 'domot generallyapplyithe idea ofi'burningif-f Resins, : wool, j; silks, :iwood;f ftnd«allfkindsriof;eai,ths;tand alkalies, -/are- capable, of, emitting, light 1 in-suitable elec-i trical conditions ; so that-jtbe surface.of: our/Ear, tlr/may-have been a source-of-flight lirtpast agesj ,asivit even .-now-.-is1. near -the: 'poles' and- the -equator, flashing/its- Aurora. Borealis/and Aurora: ; Australia;; and .send- : 'ingfout.'itsnbelts:ibf zodiacal /.light', (which/ is now' ascertained to be a telluric pheno menon, i di ke "Saturn's n ring) ;-farpintb: the i surrounding " darkness.!/; Further //.the- metalli ci bases" of all 1 the (earths are thigh ly: ' inflammable, land"; a' brilliant; flame can be produced by?- the;:!combustion i 'even; of water.1: 'AIR the ' metals (can/ b'e.- imadeito: flash forth-lightnings, under suitab'le elec-r trie': and! magnetic.' excitements; and the; crystals of .several, rocks give out light! during /-the process! ; of> ; crystallization:) Thousands-'of miles of the Earth's surface'/ must once/have presented the lurid/glow,/ of 'a' vast furnace of melted granite. ( Even < at a' far > later era o'f'ita history it may have shone with a lustre" little inferior to that of the Sun ; for, lime — of which unknown-, thousands' of/miles of its strata consist — when subjected- to a heat1 much ! ess; than: tliat produced -by contact < : with. . melted granite or lava, emits ?a brilliant; -white! light;iof such' intensity that the -eye- can- . not -support its ;'lustre. .Even;:uow,,;the copper "colour of; the "Moon -during, an. eclipse -shows- us that; the; Earth is a source - of'light.' ;; :The ; mountaius foniithe; surface-ofi Venus and -/the/ Moon,/ and! .'the . continents 'and1 oceans/of/Mars, Attest- the existence of upheaval; and- subsidence; and; of volcauic'-'firesj .capable/; of: producing: such 'phenomena, and- of course of: sources-: of/light 'ih! thesff planets,- such as exist/on, the Earth. We know, then ;; uiost cor-, tainly; that there - are 1 many other ; bodies .- capable of producing light besides the Sun.' IThafGlbdrwuld cbihmahdlthe light to shine out of darkness; ?and convert the very ocean- intora magnificent -illumina tion,' 'the; folio wing/facts clearly '.prove :— (Captain;/ Bonnycastle; coming? up tho .Gulf of -St. /Lawrence, .on . the 7th: of Sep-? fcember, «I826, /was, roused, sbyi thei mate of: the vessel, in great alarm: from an unusual appearance, ;:dt (was? a starlight" night;1 when suddenly!: the > sky became overcast,' in'-the .direction/of the high- land of Corn- wallis: County; and/an "instantaneous. and,- intensely, ' vividiclight; r. resembling .; the/ .!Aurbrsh,ot')'6ul«''bf\the'--.hiibhei!'i;oigloomy< and dark 8ea,ionutlierfleeirbow-;.;\yhich;was.- so> 'brilliant (that it flighted'fleverything distinctly,' -even to> thenniasthead.i The lighfspread .over: the < .whole iseajr between; ''th'twbahoresV.anditheqavns/iwhicb'jbei'.: fore;had:been:tranquil',!nbw: began;,to be agitated.: :'Gaptaih,/Bonnycastlefdescribesi the : scene i as' -thait of .'a'blaziag:sheet:of awfulatid most "brilliant light.?: A long: and vivid line of light, superior in bright-1 nessv to ther- partsjofithenseainotimme-1; diately nean thel I vessel;! showed ithe, base bfvithe -highji frovvnibg; -laud- 'dark: land,- abreast ; the sky became lowering,- and. more intensely "obscure; Long:. tortuous lineaof light' slibwedfltnmense'numberaiof; large-fish; darting about as if in.conster- natiou. m :;The;:jtopsail-yards"'and mizzen-.: boom: were flighted/by the/glare, as if gas lights-had beenburning;;directlybelow them?; and- until- 'just; before daylight, :at: d' o'clock, tlie :iridst minute objects1 were',; distinctly visible; s / The assumption/ that 8 the Sun could not possibly have existed without giving light to the Earth, is contradicted by the most familiar facts. The Earth and each of the planets might have been, and most probably were, surrounded by a dense atmosphere, through which the Sun's rays could not penetrate. By tho erup tion of a single volcano, in the island of Sumbawa, in 1815, the air was filled with ashes, from Java to Celebes, darkening - an area of more than 200,000 square miles; and the darkness was so profound in Java, three hundred miles distant -from the volcano, that nothing equal to itiwas ever witnessed; --flu..., the, darkest... night. Those who have witnessed the fogs raised on the banks( of, Newfoundland, ip the,. Gulf of, St. Lawrence,, and iA'tlie'Bay'Vif Fundy, by the: mingling; of currents of water of slightly different temperatures, can be. at no loss to, conceive' .the -density ' of the vapours produced by! the '.boiling1' of the sea atound and over the multitude of volcanoes which have produced the countless atolls of, the Pacific, .and by the,., vast upheavals of thousands of miles5 'of heated rocks of the pri mary formations into the beds of-primeval oceans.. "AVhileT such processes "were in progress,1 it:was'! impossible but that darkness should- be'' upon the face of- the deep./ = - Even now; a slight: .change-,. of. atmosRheriC/densiby and;- temperature, would yveiiM'thor.Eaniih-r-wit.hV/ darkne8Sr"--We see- this- substantial l,y»done every ti me tbaRG.odft" cpverctb|the light with clouds, and coramandetli itf not to shine by the cloud that coineth' betwixb;"'? although bhe Sun continues bo slniie'wiih all- .his- 'usual, -splendour./ To understand how there - may- be day. without sunshin'e; i we need only conceive the whole -Earth11 temporarily enveloped ; in -the vapours ot 1 tho unastronomiual. atmosphere of Peru;' thus described by Humboldt: — < J'' "A thick mist obscures .the firuianeub in- this region, for /many months,, during? the period called tiempo de la (/artia:''- Not - a planet, not the"most"hrilliant stars of the Southern hemisphere; are visible: 'It is. frequently, almost impossible to distin guish ithe position-, of, therMoon. .If, by chance, the,, outline of the Suu's disc be' visible- during.the day, At -appears; devoid. of!rays; a3;ifl8eeiv through coloured.glassi:: Acco r'ding - to ? \v h a t mod e rn 1 geology. - has - > taught us to conjecture concerning the- - ancient history of dprTatra6sp!iere,"i mitive condition iu respect to its mixture" and density, must have Vb'eenVjin to<\- 1 he transmissioiLbfi'.light/ ; '!;Wheh' we? consider, t he -numerous. - processes, iwhicii, "p in the primeval -world,. may havo Jed toAhe... separation of -the - 8dlids;jfiuids, iandjgases,. ; around theEarth's isurlacejthe thought s involuntarily arises : Hqyv narrowly' the human race escaped being surrounded -.-with aa untransparaht atmosphere; which, though not ""greiitlyprejudicial-to-some' - classes of vegetation, would yet have completely veiled the whole of the starry canopy ! All knowledge of tho structure of the universe- would, then have been withheld from the inquiring spirit of man." The Sun, then, may have shone with all his brilliancy for tliousauds,;of years, and a< single, ray never have pene- "trated the darkness - upon the face of- the 1 deep. But there is another well-ascertained fact, which equally refutes the unbe liever's assuinpiioh. There is no necessary connection between the Sun and sun shine. The Sun, may, have existed for- thousands of years as the centre of the- solar system, aud: the planeis' may have , revolved around him; as t hey do now, while;, so -far, from; shedding a single-ray of light. on. any, of..themI.lie,.may;.hav.e.de-. rived , a. feeble illumination ... from their, . beams. : 'Modern / scmncW, lias /.discovered 1 the astonishing fa'ct, 'tliat' lit tliis' momenti the/globehofiithe Siiniiisf notoaisourcetof light to iitseUV.'-much - less ; to -us';! that;;/ in fact; light-is> no m'orellcdnuected-i withithe I Sun < .than -cwithn a candlestick ; :-aiid othat' the . Bible / description /of vtlie - Sun ds-Iit . light-bearer ex presses '-. .-the! results ofdthe'?: latest'researches of 'Herrscliell;Encke,' arid-: Arago. The Sun consists' mainly , of. ; audark-. nucleus, likeitho-ifbnd'y of the' Earth i-aiidv, other- 1 planetary, /globes;./ surrounded- oby.!:;: two atmospheres of ehormous'depthf--the ,i one -nearest: - to/iliim, being-;- cloudy (raiidt- dense,'f.likG--!our! atmosphere; uwhiloothe'' loftier 8tratuin: consi8t3 'of -those/dazziiug';; phosphorescent/zephyrs: that: bestowilight/i aud-iheatoujso many/sui-r.mudiug. spheresn f IL'liis-phosphoresceut/atihosp here,' or ; pkoK : tosphere, ;/as it is called, -is by no means r insuparabl' attftclieil to. the surface of-the iiueleusj orvin anyudegree- stable; but: is' siibjectito extonsiveMluctuauousjiandithe : most violent 'commotions being : Ire- qneutly swayed and whirled aside; laying bare . the. surface of the -dark globe; be-: - ueatb,' for, thousands of miles, to the - observation of astronomers, and even to ithe naked: eye. , . So- far from /being . neces- 1 sarily a - source of lignt to the universe, the Sun's ligiit- is but very faintly visible t)n. his own globe. "We approach the question" (of the inability of the Sun), says. Sir David Bi ewster, " with the cer tain knowledge that the Sun is not a red- hot globe, but that its nucleus is a solid, opaque mass, receiving very little light and -heat (only Beven rays out of a thousand) fromits luminous atmosphere." Outside of this photosphere another gase ous, transparent atmosphere has been discovered. Any of these facts is fatal to the as sumption that the Sun could not exist without shining, and that his light must have necessarily been visible through the universe ever since the creation of the heavens and the Earth. His dark, solid nucleus may have existed lor millions of years, as the centre of gravity around which the solar system revolved, and have given ut no more light or heat than it does th0s day, or than the dark suns do around which Procyon and Sirius now revolve.' His luminous photosphere may either not have existed at all, or its gases not have been inflamed or electrically excited into luminosity: ! .The fixed stars are. self-luminous bodies, ) similar to our Sun; ohly-immensely dis tant from us. Their; numbers, magni tudes, and places; are 'known and re corded. But new stars have frequently flashed into .view, where none wero pre viously. seen to exist ; and: others have gradually grown dim and disappeared, without changing their place ; and a few, ' which had disappeared, have reappeared, in the same spot they formally occupied ; while others have changed their colour sinpft the era of astronomical observation. In short, there is no permanence in the heavens, any more than on the Earth ; but a perpetual progress and change is the destiny of suns and stars, of which the -most conspicuous indication is the variability of their powers of giving light. " On the, ,11 'of .November 1572, as the illustrious Danish ast'rouomer.Tycho was walking through) - the fields, . he -was as tonished to observe a'hew star in the con stellation Cassiopea,-beaming with a radi ance quite unwonted m tthat part of the heavens. . Suspecting some delusion about his eyes, he. went, to, a group -of peasants to .Ascertain if-.they saw it; and' foun d them gazing at it with much 'astonishment as himself. He went to his instrument, and fixed its place, from which it' never, after. ' appeared to deviate. : For ; some . time ;it increased. : in: brightness— greatly sur passed Sirius iri lustre,' and eyen Jupiter. Itvwas 'seen by good' eyes in the' day time —a thing .whjch .happehs only to Venus under very ; favourable: circumstances— and:, at night', it pierced '. through . clouds which obscured the reBt of the stars. After 'reachipg its fullest brightness, it again! diminished,., .passed through all degrees.. of: visible, magnitude, '.assuming in succession the hues ; of a dying .conflagra tion, and then1 finally disappeared;" ' " It islmpdssible :to imagine3 anything more tremendous .than a conflagratioh .'.that, could lie visible at such a distance." Astronomers now recognizo a- class of such temporary stars, which have appeared from time to time in diiferent parts .'of . the, heavens, blazig forth with extraordi- nary lustre, and after remaining a while, apparently immovable, have died -away, and left no tracer . Twenty-one of such appearances of new suns/are. on record. Still further : many .familiar suns have ceased to shine. , HerschelLsays — " On' a . careful re-examination of the heavens, many ! stars are fouricl to. be missing ." " There.are many, well-authenticated case's of the disappearance . of ! old stars, whose places had .been fixed with a degree of certainty; not, to be doubted.1/; In Ociober 1781, Sir William' Herschell observed a star,' No:' 55: in1 Flamstead's Catalogue, in the constellaiibn HerculesI ';!ln-!l799. the same star was" tptirvbd..By ';tKp8ame as tronomer ; ! but , since .that' ,.time':no search .hasibeen able ,to detect. it.' .The.stafs'SO and 81 .of the, satnei catalogue, both of the fourth magnitude; :!-h'avei . likewise dis appeared.. In; May <1828, iSir John Her- schell missed the- star humbered'42, in the constellation Virgo) which' has never since been seen.' Examples might , be multi plied, but it is unnecessary. " The dem'pnstratiqnV of the, variableness of the lightrgiying ppwer .ofVsuns is com pleted by the phenomena of the class em phatically called variable stars ; though the best astronomers are iiow agreed that variability, and not uniformity , in the em ission of light) is the general character of the stars. a The star Eta Argus (says Sir. John .Herschell) has always hitherto been re garded as a star. of. the second magnitude ; and- I never had reason to regard it as variable; In November 1537 I saw it as usual. Judge of my surprise to find, on the 16 th of December, that it had sud denly become a star of the first magnitude, and almost equal to Bigel ! It continued to. increase. Kigel is now not to be com pared with it. It exceeds Arcturus, and is very nearly equal to Alpha Centauri, being, at the moment I write, the fourth star in the heavens in the order of bright ness. It' has since passed through several variations of lustre. Humboldt gives a catalogue of twenty- four of such stars, whose variations have been recorded." The most eminent astronomers are per fectly unanimous in their deductions from these facts. They regard variability as the general char act erisiic of suns and stars, our own sun not excepted. "We are led," says Humboldt, " by analogy to infer, that as the fixed stars unirersally have not merely an apparent, but a real motion of their own, so their surfaces or luminous atmospheres are generally subject to those changes (in their ' light process ') which recur, in the great majority, in extremely1 long, and therefore unmeasured, and pro bably undeterminable periods, or which, in a few, recur without being periodical, as.it were by a sudden revolution, either for a long or a shorter time." And he asks, Why should our sun differ from other suns? Here, then, we behold Astronomy pre senting to our observation facts ana pro cesses so similar to those which reveal- ation presents to our faith, that all those men who are most profoundly versed in her lore, reasoning solely from the facts of science, and without any reference to the Bible; unanimously conclude that there was such a state of darkness and confusion before our era as the Bible de clares ; that its causes were most pro bably such as the Bible implies : and that the sudden illuminating , of dark bodies, and their extinction, and even reillumi- nation, are facts so perfectiy well authen ticated as matters of observation in re gard to other suns, that no reasonable1 man can hesitate to believe any credible assurance that our Sun has passed through' such a process. , , ,. Swelling; tlie R. Catliolic "Vote— Fourteen Egyptians who' recently landed from the steamer Naples.were admitted; ! at Brisbane Immigration Depot, last .Monday; They were : utterly destitute. It is stated that they are; Roman Catholics, and were reoeiv'ed at the request of R. 0. Bishop Dunne. The unfortunates, it is obvious, will vote as: Bishop Dunne tells them without oareing for whom or what, and being strangers in a strange land, utterly unintelligently. Would it not be well for the R. G. bishop to work the immigration Act so as to bring a few ship-loads of his protegees to swamp the Queensland ballot) box<'8. Unfair Representation of: Ireland.— It may have been remarked, that the.disloyal papiBt portion ofthe popula- : tion of Ireland return to Parliament a greater, proportion of members to obstruct business, and make scenes than according to their num bers, in comparison with the loyalists, they! have any right to., This anomaly was ex plained: by William Touchstone, G.S., and, D. G.M. of the Loyal Orange Institution of Eng land in a lecture at. Liverpool. In referring ;to the Franchise Bill,, rejected by the Lords, ; which is so, greatly . agitating the minds of the people of- the United Kingdom and which proposes to., lower ; the qualification of an : elector, : he,.: said ..there was ; now before : the ' nn«infitr a ' OPAnt.,.rAfnrm . TnAftflllPO ulinnlrl WU1IVI J). M. yj , Wl 9KVUIU' he . say. revolutionary measure ? That bill was,ito,i.add;- two > millions of. electors, to : the registers; if 'Mr. Gladstone: had. his: way with out, showing how those .elootors w.ere, to be allocated. . Let them for a, moment, consider; what their, position would be if that, took, place. Asregarded Ireland, she was to uiain- tain her prosont number of .103 members of Parliament,; and although, Mr. Gladstone pro posed to . increase the consti tuencies, he did not. .indicate, how vhe. was going, to dis tribute the , seats., There were one, or .two very curious, anomalies in the , representation of lreland j and probably they ' would be sur prised to hear that something , like: 22 .mem bers /w.cre,: returned, by. boroughs, who repre sented:! in ,-tho aggregate only '3750 voters,; whilst the loyal ; town of Belfast,, with,21, 000, voters, had . but .two members. " Shame." Now, these glaring inconsistencies would, be perpetuated if Mr. Gladstone had his way, and, passed the Franchise Bill without a re distribution of seats. , A.nd when : by far . too large a proportion of the representation of Ireland was given to the southern and, dis loyal, portions of the country, did .they think that the Home Rulers when they came into increased power would be likely to. assent' to any redistribution bill;that would .take away their representotion and, give': it the North? (Applause.) < Therefore , lie said . it was a matter of urgent necessity that all men, who wished : well to.the country and desired to maintain the union should band themselves together,, and let the Prime Miuister know that he was not going to swamp tho country by the. votes, in Ireland without a redistribu tion of seatB. (Applause.) In his lecture, Mr. Touchstone indicated certain broad principles of .Orangeisnij and certain principles belonging to, their body. One of their first principles was that they stood by limited monarchy so . long/as it was Protestant. He referred to mutterings which they heard recently with regard to the House of Lords, and ashed why it was that Borne people were anxiou that that House should be annihilated ? It was simply because it stood between the State and those : men who wished to subvert it ; and secondly, being a great constitutional body, with a heavy stake in the country, it was utterly impossible that these traitors should have their way while the House of Lords existed. They (Orangemen) stood by limited monarchy, it being Protestant, the House of Lords in its integrity, the House of Commons in its freedom, and the law of the land in its majesty. Tlie two Jolin Wyclifles.— A Remarkable Fact. — Our English namesake remarks : — " It is an extraordinary fact, but not the lesB true, that there were living at the same period two John Wy cliff os, both born about tho same time, both educated as ecclesiastics at Oxford, and becoming there the heads of houses, the one of Canterbury the other of Chichester, and both dying within a. year to each other. This is the more re markable, as the name of "VVycliffe is a local one : and the only locality in England bearing the name is the village about six miles from the town of Richmond, in Yorkshire, where the Reformer, is said to have been born, in or about the year 1324. This fact may not only clear him from several apparent inconsisten cies of conduct, but from the graver charge preferred by Anthony Wood, Dr. Fell, Bishop of Oxford, and other writers, that the zeal which he displayed in withstanding the errors of the Papacy was occasioned by nothing else than the loss of the wardenship of Can terbury Hall, Oxford, of which they say he was firBt deprived by Archbishop Langham, and .finally by r Pppe Urban V.'; and that, " what he afterwards did was merely out of revenge, and not at all of conscience, and1 that, being li man of good parts, ho exercised them 'to: /an evil '.'end."' Light ' is, however, thrown upon these, matters by the discovery of tho fact that the Warden of Canterbury Hall and the Reformer were two distinct in-, dividuals." Christian Evidences.— The first .of.a.series of Lectures on Christian Evidences . was delivered;by Mr. Pioton, at the Christian Chapel,! tp a largo congregation, on Sunday night last, the subject . being—" The Gospels where wore they written, and when." After, alluding to the coarse, vulgar, low and ma licious assaults made upon Christianity in this) city of late, Mr. Pictou proceeded to state that . the latest .and .most, desperate attempts ! to ! undermine Cfciri8tiahity, have been made by ; colling, in. ; question ;tlie authorship . of the' Gospels,, and endeavouring. to /prove, that they, iwere not written till about, or. ufter. the second century.. He called special attention to. the fact that they had ,couio down to uaUirqugh tlie, ages unchallenged as to,; their auUiorship, until, tlie beginning, of the present century--|.V that neither Celsus,) in, the second , century; Porphery in the third, nor the Emperor Julian, in the fo.urth,, although, they; lused -Uiem and quoted from, them, jAyer hinted) that tliere.was . any , suspicion; , that ' their' writers .were /not.; Mattlm w, Mark/.Ij early, foes .were learned; .'clever, 6un and ( determined, and, would not have, missed such an excellent .opportunity, of denouncing them :as new inventions or, forgeries had there been the slightest /grounds ,,for , so doing— that:as ' they, had thus; come down . to us . unquestioned ; until, so recent a. date; it. was incumbent upon the adverse critics to produce the plainest and- most positive proof that we have been im- posed upon ; but had they done this— no, most emphatically, no. Ho, then called, atten- tion to the course pursued by these critics in testing the genuineness of 'the Gospel ; the first thing- they did was to . settle it ..in, their own minds that a miracle was an impossi- bility, and then, concluded that , any docu ment containing accounts of the supernatural could not ..be the writing of the Evan- gelists but must - have been produced subse- quently, after sufficient time to allow. the mythical and, the legendary to gather round the original writing, which they .assume was the history of the- natural life.of a natural man.. He asked if this was .a .fair and honest way of dedling with the.matter ; they first begged; the question really .at- issue, instead of proving it, and .then proceeded- with their criticisms ; such was the fairness and honesty of Infidel, critics. Is it not a fact ? he asked, that Chris- tianity at the very first was based upon the super- natural ? Was not the Resurrection of ;Christ; ; preachpd by;;the Apostles, and, believed in;; before a Gospel was written ? Are not the. Epistles of Paul, -which are. acknowledged by these very critics .to be genuine,; full , of the , miraculous, and yet tho Gospels,, forsooth, because; .they, contain a history , of, Christ, con sistent with his supernatural life and. resur rection-, are declared ; to be not genuine ? Strange logic this! After, noticing the faofc that, the /Gospels,; show) on the face of them, evidence that the .writers were Jews, and were, conversant . with Jewish rites and customs, manners and history;: Mr. Picton proceeded to prove -that, in ;the latter half of the second, century the .Gospels were not only in. exist ence, but were \universally believed to be the genuine /works of the, Evangelists, and to contain, true'; records of the life, doings, and teachings of ; Christ ; that they were appealed to, to decide questions and disputes, were used as text books against' heretics and called Holy, Scriptures ; in fact, treated as they. are now.treated. He quoted from the writings of Tertullian of Carthage in Africa ; from Clement of Alexandria in Egypt, and from Irenaeus of Lyons, in France, who was born about A.D., 120, to show that they all men tion the. Evangelists, by name, as the writers of the Gospels, and that they had been, so received, and treated from the time of their publication, also from Justin Martyr, born about A.D. 90, in Samaria, and martyred, at Rome, . about the year 150 ; where he speaks of the Memoirs of the Apostles called ' Gos pels," and said they were read in Christian assemblies every; Sunday, the lecturer here noticed an objection raised by the critics: — , " How do we know these Gospels mentioned; , by Justin are tho same Gospels mentioned by Irenaeus." To this Mr. Picton replied, / "It is clear from Justin's testimony in,; A.D., .145, that the Gospels he speaks ,of , were read by Christian Churches, every,. Sunday. That being the case — Ireutens, who j was born about A.D. 120, being then in A.D. . 145, a young man of 25 must have heard these Gospels read and known all about ; them. How then (supposing the Gospels men- , tioned by Irenaeus were not those mentioned by Justin) came Irenseus, only 25 years; afterwards, to bolievo the Gospels, he speaks of to be the writings of Matthew, Mark, Luke and John. How came Justin's Gospels,, so suddenly to be ousted and utterly blotted . out, and new ones put in their place, and , IrenmuB and tho Christian world persuaded that they had always been there. Several other interesting testimonies were brought ; forward and were listened to by a most atten tive audience. The Pope's Denunciation of Freemasonry. -In Victoria last Sunday the Pope's encyclical denouncing Freemasonry was read in the Roman Catholic chapels. In New South Wales Father Potrie and other Roman Catholic priests have enlarged upon their master's encyclical. In all parts of the; world the once more repeated papal fulmina- tion against Freemasonry has been hurled . from pulpit and altar, and yet no one seems i a penny the worse. In Ireland, St. James" Chronicle remarks,' ,'!. following, the lead of the Popp, Cardinal M'Cabo has addressed a warn- ing to his people/against the dangers of Free- masonry. The; admonition, :whjch Is in;the form c>£ a " pastoral letter,"; is remarkable for : its bitterness. of .tone, This conspiracy,'': says . the Cardinal, " is destroying Christian charity " and ," precipitating society into the: most cruel slavery," and "labours unceasingly to. blot from, the - minds of . its disciples the idea of a. God who might one day call - them to a terrible, account." Tho Cardinal some- : what . unwisely places in: juxtaposition two' facts--(l) that the Popes for 150 years have employed, all, the , weapons temporal: and. spirt-- .tual at. their command against Freemasonry.;/ au(j:(2) ithat, notwithstanding these " terrible curses," the " condemned institution " con- tinues; to . exist in undiminished 'vigour. - Its1 ;ldst exploit, it seems,: has, been, to quote the Cardinal's own words, to deprive.-tlie Propa- gandu.'.of all, control over its own justly-ac-; quired properly.' " : All these malicious utterances the Masons: -generally, in their strength and - conscious; rectitude. have heard with an/ indifference,:, that must be very galling- to- His Holiness; However, the Grand Orient of Italy has-been provoked to issue a scathing reply to Leo ! b ,, Eucycjioal. De Secta . Massonum:- Tho Church ,o£.Romc, it says, is at liberty to> lament the ' deprivation .! of / the; '.Temporal/ Ppvyer to . kick .against Providence itself, .which, has v inexorably;: /decreed/fits: end-; Hoi rave, regarding jits (id ealibf- the abasement and1 .annihilation, of human dighity;.even to regret: the ages of , barbarism ;and "o / sarictify/inf /Joseph Labre the, .example of cynicism and'r moral degradation. All. this can be under-> stood, and so can; the, tardy and; unreasonable appeal to the secular of Princess -to: destroy! this sect, which is reproached for!all .the:pfo-) igress of human Civilisation,.- and- which:!) : .made responsible. for these aberrations which; in every great elaboration :of principles, and in,, the development of the, most just reforms;) i are sure more , -or less frequently, to occur I Those things were to be expected on the part: of an institution , which sees the present) crumbling beneath its feet,. and which— cer tainly very justly — distrusts its own- future;!; 