®ke ütisfawe ëmixm. MONDAY, AUGUST 11, I884. It is proper to remind the Colonial Treasurer that the public are looking for his Financial Statement with some im- patience. They havo been led to expect that the expenditure of the colony on public works will be considerably increased hy the party now in power, and have been told that one of the principal measures now before Parliament was specially framed for the purpose of obtaining such an increase of revenue as would justify us in borrowing largely for railway extension. But in moving tho second reading of tho Land Bill, Sir. Dutton did uot attempt to go into figures to show in what manner its passage would affect our revenue. Yet surely this is a point to be taken into consideration when dealing with a proposed alteration of our land law. However desirable it might be for other reasons to alter it, we cannot afford to disregard its probable clfect on one of the main branches of our revenue, especially at a lime when we are about to adopt a policy the success of which must depend on the maintenance of our credit. Ministers have spoken vaguely of a large increase of revenue to be obtained bj' means of this bill ; but there is reason lo fear that it will cause a decrease. The Treasurer must havo made some calculations as to its probable effect, which he will pro- bably give to the country in his Financial Stalemen t. Ile may, perhaps, say that as the passage of the Land Bill will materially nlfect our financial position in one way or the other, he is not in a position to make that statement until he knows whether and in what shape it will pass. He could, however, easily submit an alternative statement of the huidievenue, saying if the Act of 187G remains in force he estimates it at so much ; if the new bill passes it will probably be so much more-or less. Indeed, we do not think that the Legislative Assembly will have sufficient information before it to justify it in dealing with tho Land Bill until its authors have submitted their calculations of its probable effect on the revenue. The discussion of this bill outside of Parliament naturally turns on! other points. "Would-be selectors con 'sider, of course, how far the provisions relating to the occupation of the land will suit their interests ; it is the duty of the representatives of the people, however, to ascertain as nearly as they can the effect which, if passed, it will have on the finances of the colony. Wo do not assume necessarily that they should reject the bill if whilst in other ways it would be beneficial it should appear that it would have the effect of diminishing the land revenue ; we only con- tend that Parliament should not be kept in the dark on this very important point, that the Ministerial calculations as to the manner in which it will affect our finances should be laid fairly and openly before the members who are called on to vote for or against it. There aro other points of the Ministerial policy, too, upon which np to the present time only an uncertain light has been thrown by the vague language of the Governor's opening Speech. "We may expect fuller in- formation upon them in the Treasurer's budget speech. The accounts for the last financial year are now closed, so that there can be no difficulty in telling ns how our account stands at present, whilst Ministers possess such a majority in the Legislative Assembly that they can scarcely doubt their ability to carry into effect any policy which they have fully resolved to pass. What reason can there havo been for delaying tho Financial Statement t "We can see none. The whole colony at the present time is waiting to learn how far the very magnificent programme which Ministers and their supporters have repeatedly dis- played to admiring audiences is to be carried out this year. The expenditure from loan must be largely increased if all the works expected are to be constructed. "We should like to hear from Mr. Dickson what it will probably amount to. A considerable sum must bo devoted to immi- gration if the Immigration Act Amendment Bill passes and the sugar-planters avail themselves of its provisions to introduce cheap white labour. Each man introduced under indenture will cost the colony about £15, and a few thousands at that rate will swell the immigration expenditure con- siderably unless it is intended, whilst intro- ducing indentured immigrants, to suspend the introduction of otheis. Again, with regard lo the» railways to be made, a great many people would like to learn which are the lines that are to be commenced this year. The Minister for Works has told us that no less than twenty-five separate lines have been asked for, and the advocates of each have been allowed to hope that their line will be one of thoäo for the construction of which Parliament will be asked to provide this year. Of course we know perfectly well that all these lines cannot be commenced at once, and the unfortunates who are to receive nothing may as well be put out of their misery at once. It would be a, great relief to Mr, Miles, too, if the plans of the Government as regards railway extension were definitely declared. Great as his capacity for dealing with deputations undoubtedly is, he is get- ting too many of them at present and must break down under the strain of having to give civil and to some extent encouraging answers to men who are often making very unreasonable requests. Up to the present time we scarcely know what the Ministerial policy with regard immigration and public works really is ; we have had highly coloured descriptions of it in electioneering speeches and after-dinner oratory, and wo have had it so wrapped np in the vague generalities of a Governor's Speech that it may be anything or nothing. "We look to the Colonial Treasurer, as the financier of the Ministry, to explain to the people in a businesslike manner the nature of the transactions in which he advises them to engage. It is for him to stato clearly to the country how much money he expects to spend during the current financial year, on what it ia to bo spent, and how it is to bo provided, and to show that the adoption of the policy of the Ministry will not result in a deficit in the Treasury. The Financial Statement, in fact, renders it possible to dis- cuss the Ministerial policy properly ; with- out that it cannot be fairly debated. Parliament has now been sitting for some considerable time, and we may, therefore, hope that this statement will be no longer withheld. The death of the Prince of Orange was not an event which seemed likely to affect us much in Australia, but it adds a serious danger to the list of those which threaten the peace of the world. The King of Holland is an elderly man, and unlikely to have more children, and his only son was the Prince, who has just died childless. I There is one little girl who is heir to the Crown of Holland, but there are no male I representatives in a direct line of the House of Orange. This iu itself would bo no great load to the world, for since the death of the great soldier and states- man who ascended tho throne of Great Britain the House of Orange, which up to that time had produced many dis- tinguished men, fell into decadence, from which it has never revived. But unhappily the present position of that family threatens the peace and happiness of a nation which has deserved well of civilisa- tion. For part of the kingdom of Holland, the Grand Duchy of Luxemburg, although it has throughout modern times been a con- tented portion of the State, belonged origi- nally to that curiously complicated body the German Empire. The King of Holland was Grand Duke,and so the union wasmaintained. But it happens that the Salic law was in bygone ag°s applied to the dukedom, and none but heirs male can inherit its sovereignty. If, therefore, the House of Orange fails in the male line-as it now appears certain to fail - the Grand Duchy cannot be inherited by a woman, and must pass to a collateral line. That collateral line exists, and ¡ts present representative is Duke Adolphus of Nassau, who is a subject of German}', and conse- quently under the command of Prince Bis- marck's Government. It is stated that the German Government will support his claims, which simply means that they will take a province from Holland unless at the moment that the present King dies there are suffi- cient reasons arising from the then state of Europe, to make the annexation inexpedient, And if Prince Bismarck is alive, he will probably make the occasion a pretext for de- priving the Dutch of their national inde- pendence. There is some analogy between the present case and that of Sleswick and Holstein ; although in regard to Luxemburg there is at least a legal pretext, while in the case of the ex-Danish provinces there was none. Holstein was, like Luxemburg, a province of the German Empire, the King of Den- mark being duke ; Sleswick had never been a province of the Empire, but some German jurists claimed, on the strength of some old treaties of the fifteenth century, that it ought always to go with Holstein. Now, throughout Denmark the Salic law originally prevailed, and the late Frederick IX. was the last male of the old house. There was absolutely no heir claiming the throne by male descent ; but there were two families of Augustenburg who claimed through daughtci'3. The Dmiish Parliament chose the present King, who was a descendant of the younger daughter, because the representative of the other branch-whose son is the Prince Christian of Angustenburg, married to a daughter of our Queen-had played traitor to his country in 1849 .and tried to make it a province of Germany. The ousted branch of the Augustenburgs accepted a sum of money in full discharge of whatever claims they professed to have, but when thelateKing of Denmark died, and the present King ascended the throne, in virtue of the settle- ment, the Prince of Augustenburg claimed Holstein. His ground of claim was that, if anybod}' was the heit, he was, as the descen- dant of the eld«r daughter ; and though the Danes might dispose of Denmark, they had no right to dispose of Holstein, and he claimed Sleswick too, because he said it ought to go with Holstein. Tho claim was a preposterous one, but it was encouraged by Bismarck, and Germany generally, be- cause they were anxious to seize the pro- vinces. That antiquated political mechanism, the Diet, which was still in existence, marched troops into Holstein, and the Danes retired on to their ancient frontier of Sles- wick to watch events. Some delay occurred, during which Bismarck informed the British ambassador that if the Danes would modify a projected democratic change in their Constitution he would put an end to the whole affair. The Danes stood on their rights, and declined German interference in their national affairs. Then Prussian and Austrian troops inarched into Holstein, sent Prince Christian about his business, turned out the forces sent there by the Diet, and without advancing any pretext for their ac- tion simply seized the two duchies, after a war in which the Danes were speedily over- whelmed. What happened with the duchies is very likely to happen with Holland. Somo time ago the independence of Holland would havo been defended by France and Eng- land ; but both nations are still too much under the influence of the German scare to do much now. Hollaud can, of course, oiler no efiectivo resistance. She may, and probably will, fight for her national life, but with about as much chauce of success as an unarmed traveller in the grasp of ti gang of armed robbers. The chief hope for the future is that, as during the lifetime of the KingofHollaudthe claim to Luxemburg can- not legally arise, he may outliveBismarck, or that before his death Europe may have re- covered from its nervous terror of the great German armaments. It has hitherto been the custom for Queensland emigrants to embark at Ply- mouth, but from recent accounts it appears that the Government, through their Agent GeiiPral, have decided to embark their emi- grants at "Woolwich instead of Plymouth. Probably this conree has been taken on ac- count of tho greater convenience and facility of embarkation at London, which is easy of access from all paris of the kingdom, and in which are situated the offices of all colonial oflicials. It appears that hitherto Plymouth has been chosen as the port of embarkation mainly for the sako of avoiding the dangers attendant on navigation in the English Channel, which i« excessively dangerous, hoth on account of its dense fogs and heavy gales and also the large number of ships constantly traversing it in all directions. The first emigrant vessel for Queensland that has embarked her passengers in London under the new rule is the steamer Indus, which left Woolwich for Brisbane on the 20th June last with 400 passengers on board. Shortly before mid- night on the first day she ran into and sank the Girdles lightship in the Princes Channel. At present no explanation of the occurrence is to hand, but, though fortunately no lives wore lost, the mishap will serve to strengthen the objection to embarking emigrants at London instead of Plymouth as hitherto. It was io avoid such accidents us happened to the Indus that Plymouth w*as originally chosen as the port of embarkation, anti it is dillicult lo sue a suflieient reitsou for changing the port to Woolwich, more especially as embarkation ¡it the former port saves the emigrants two days at sea, as well as sensibly diminishing the risk of accidents. Ministers went dewn the river in the Kate on Saturday for the purpose of holding a Cabinet meeting on board. It is understood that the principal business engaging their attention was the further consideration of the Estimates. Fon the information of those interested in the Gympie mines who recently took exception by petition to the Minister for Mines to cer- tain statements in Warden Lukin's report for Juno, we learn that Mr. Alexander Costello, chairman of the meeting which resolved to wait upon the Minister by deputation has re- ceived a letter from the Under Secretary stating that Warden Lukin has been called upon for an explanation, on receipt of which a further communication will be made. THE number of immigrants in the depot last night was as follows :-Duke of Devonshire : One married man (widower) and four children. Crown of Arragon : One married couple and five children ; two married men are also in the depot awaiting the recovery of their wives, both of whom are at present inmates of the Lady Bowen Lying-in Hospital. Miss Alice Sydney Burvett will give her third pianoforte recital in the Town Hall this evening. It is but very rarely that the public of Brisbane have an opportunity of listening to such au accomplished artiste as Miss Bur- vett, an-1 as only one other recital will be given after Hut of this evening, there will pro- bably bo a crowded house to-night. A memorandum received from the Electric Telegraph Office, under Saturday's date, states that-"Aden advises messages for Mauritius should reach Aden by 5 p.m. Monday next. THE Messageries steamer Yarra, with Sir Thomas M'ilwraith on hoard, arrived at Ade- laide from Marseilles on Friday, and accord- ing to our Adelaide telegram was granted pratique. The hon. secretary of tho reception comraittee (Mr. Hannington) wired on behalf of the committee congratulating Sir Thomas upon his safo return to the colonies, and this morning received a reply expressing his thanks for the congratulations, and stating that ho would arrivo in Sydney on Wednesday next and leave by the first steamer after that for Eiisbane. Ho will therefore probably reach Brisbane by next Sunday or possibly earlier. The s.a. Indus, registered tonnage 2350 tons, Captain It. Leslie, and chartered by Messrs. R Green and Co., sailed from London on 20th June, with immigrants, under the 17th section of the Immigration Act of 18S2, to the number of 488 souls, classified as follows :-291 English 22 Scotch, 171 Irish, and 4 foreigners. Condi- tion : Married, G1 males and 68 females ; single, 1S8 males and 44 females ; 57 male and 50 fcinalo childrenbctwoenlandl2yeara; ond2maleand6 female infanta; total, 311 males and 177females, or 4SS souls, equal to 422 adults ; f ullpayere, 59 ; assisted, 429. Occupations aro represented as follow:-27 femalo domestic servants, 1 female pupil teacher, 82 farm labourers, 34 general labourers, 10 gardeners, 19 miners, 10 , blacksmiths, 0 bricklayers, S engineers, | 2 sawyer), 24 carpenters and joiners, 1 wheelwright, 1 plaaterer, 6 plumbers, 1 pointer, 1 grocer, 2 chemists, 1 con- tractor, 1 tailor, 2 shoemakers, 1 gas. fitter, 3 shipwrighta, 1 sUtionmaster, 1 baker, 1 land steward, 1 harness maker, 1 locksmith, 3 ostlers or grooms, 2 butchers, 1 railway porter. The immigrants are booked for tho following ports :-Townsville, 86 souls, equal to 73 adults ; Rockhampton, G6 souls, equal to 58V adults ; Maryborough, 15 souls, equal to 13i adults ; and Brisbane, 321 souls, equal to 277 adults. Dr. Alexander Nicoll is the only saloon passenger. The surgeon . superintendent is Dr. P. Smith and the matron Miss Afflpck. It will be remembered that it was the Indus which ran down the Girdles lightship in the English Channel at midnight on tho day of sailing, and had to put back into Dover with the Girdles' crew. The Indus should arrivo off Townsville this week. M'Lean's Comic Opera Company com- menced theil* season in Brisbane lastSatmday night with the opera " Nici Pici ; or, the Prince of tho Persian Isles." Tho Albert Hall was crow ded, probably on account of the exceed- ingly low prices, three shillings being the highest charge for any seat. The so-called opera is au olia podrida, of which the plot is the least important part, and abounds with many of the latest songs, including several popular operatic airs. The scenery is very fair, and on Saturday night the audienco were kept in perpetual laughter and applauded frequently. As a dramatic production the pit ce is below contempt, and the only aim of the performers was apparently to raise a laugh. Nor were particular in the means they used to effect the I desired object. Many of the allusions were decidedly coarse, the acting was vulgar, and a numberof the mots of the most doubtful pro | priety. Some of the moro respectable among the audience left before the conclusion of the piece, which wound up with a capital harle i quinade into which somo very amusing novel tica had been introduced. | A citlCKET match was played on Saturday at Kedron Park between a Stanley CO. eleven and a team selected from visitors and bush men. The Stanleys went first to the wickets and scored 73, the only double figure being ¡ reached by Neeson, 2G. Bostock took five Stanley wickets, Musgrove three, and Travers two. The visitors then took possession of the wickets, and retained thora until 91 runa had been put together. Of this number H. JMus grovo scored 39 by careful and pretty play, there being no fewer than 24 singles. Thomp- son scored 21, and Hawtreo 13. Tho Stanley bowling was intrusted to Byrno, four wickets, Norris three wickets, Neeson one wicket, and Goertz 1 wicket. The visitors thus won the match on the first innings hy IS runs. The body of a woman waa found in the river at Indooroopilly on Saturday evening about 6 o'clock. The woman was of stout build, ap- parently of middle age, and wearing a dark dress, no petticoat, and cloth boots. The body, which was brought to the morgue by Senior-constablo Dunne, was examined by Dr. Hobbs yesterday, and he gave a certificate of death by drowning. Several persons sow tho body in the course of the day, and it is he lieved tobo that of Mrs.MaryLeonard, who is said' to have been a woman of indifferent character. An inquiry will be held. It is supposed by the police that it was not a man, but this woman who waa drowned near Bennett's bridge, North1 Quay, on Sunday, 3rd instant. Tue New Zealand Inauranco Company has taken another step in advance, by opening brandies in the rapidly progressing towns of Rockhampton and Townsville, where the com- pany's business has ao grown as to justify the maintenance of separate establishments instead of mero agencies. At Rockhampton the branch - will be under the management of Mr. S. Hague* Smith, jun., for some years engaged in tile head office at Brisbane, Mr. G. S. Curtis, the* company's former ogent, acting ns local direc- tor. At Townsville the branch w ill bo under- lie management of Mr. L. E. Wilson, late of the Oamaru branch, New Zealand, with Mr: Robert Philp, of Messis. Burns, Philp, and' Co., the former agents, as local director. The* Now Zealand Company, under Mr. Edgar WV "Walker's vigorous management, has attained a very strong position in Queensland, and may" almost claim to be regarded as a local institu tion. An advertisement iu another column officially announces the changes above re- ferred to. On the death of Prince Leopold, Duke of Albany, the Rev. W. Osborne Lilley, minister of the Methodist Free Church, Ann-street, preached a memorial sermon, and requested the congregation then assembled to pass an address of condolence with her Majesty the Queen and the Duchess of Albany. The sermon, which was published, and the address were sent to Earl Derby, the Secretary of Stato for the Colonies in London, to bo for- warded to the Queen. On Saturday last the Rflv. W. Osborne Lilley received through his Excellency the Governor the following acknow- ledgment :-" Downing-street, 23rd June, 1SS4» The Earl of Derby to Sir A. Musgrave. Sir, I have received and laid before the Queen an address of sympathy with her Majesty from tho congregation of the United Methodist Free Churches of Brisbane, forwarded to me with a copy of a sermon upon the death of the Duke of Albany, by the Rev. W. Osborne Lilley. I am commanded by the Queen to request that you will inform the Rev. W. Osborne Lilley that her Majesty and the Duchc-is of Albany gratefully appreciate the reference to their bereavement contained in this address and sermon. I remain, &c;, Dekby." Yesterday morning the Rev. W. Osborne Lilley read this communication frJin her Majesty to his congregation in Ann-strcct, and after a fow reinarki upon the worthy reign of our present Sovereign, the whole of the audience present rose and sang in a very hearty manner " God Save the Queen." The deposits in the South Brisbane Weekly Pennv Savings Bank on Saturday last amounted to £0'lls. Gd 