Mews and Notes. The town of Bathurst is full of unem ployed uifiii. , 400 ekoop sold at Toowoomba for a shilling a bead. . Between 250 and 300 Hindoos m vic toria at present ougagod as servants. hon Jauies Watson and Mv. Colonna Close are nauiod as candidates for Gun dapai. Geeloko hotel-keeper fined £50 for having a brandy colouring doeoction in his bar. ' FREDERICK ferm8tone fined £2 at Water Police Cburt, for packing too many fowls in crate. Victorian Chambsr of Manufactures call the report of the Shops* Commission a libellous document. Bishop's enthronement postponed till the 23rd instant, to enable Bishop Ken nion, of Adelaide, to be present. Drought broken up m northern part of South Australia. Creeks flooded and coaches unable to travel. line of steamers started betwoen Lon don and Fiji, making three-monthly trips via Hobart and Launcestori. _ Tiie election for an alderman in Dubbo resulted in Mr. Baby Wilson polling 146 votes, and Mr. Richard Nancarrow 99. A Northumberland woman, who owns a coal mine, says she might have married two men a day for the last two years. Sir John Robertson says he was told by Mr. John Young that he could bring a million gallons of water a dav from the Nepean to Sydney within a fortnight. _ A branch of the Star Bowkett Build ing Society is being organised in Orange. The leading residents are taking a great intorest in the formation of the society. Lieutenant Commander Moore, of H. M.S. Dart, states that Spring Bay is one of the finest harbours on the east coast of Tasmania, and thinks that coal abounds in the vicinity. _ in favour of local option Mr. Abigail referred to the fatal results of drinking " stringy," and against it Mr. Tooth gave an instance in which death was the result of drinking iee-water. • Mr. Copeland knows many teetotalers who would vote for the devil himself if he were an advocate for local option, and, despite any other views he might hold they would vote for " old nick," and run him in at the head of the poll. The new ^Victoria-street bridge, con necting Colling wood with Kew, was open ed on Monday with some eclat. The structure, which is built of iron, cost about £10,000. The affair was celebrated by a banquet in Richmond Town Hall. The state of the Orange district is be coming serious. Springs which have never been known to fail, have dried up. Grass, which is generally abundant in the Orange district, is also running short, and sheep are consequently dying in great numbers. Mr. W. B. E. Maclvor, the well-known agricultural authority, was banquetod in tho Yorick Club on Saturday night, pre viously to bis departure for Sydney, where he has accepted tho appointment of lecturer on agriculture in the Technical College. Truth amd Soberness.—What is tho family medicine in the world to regulate the bowels, purify the blood, remove cos tiveness avid biliousness, and indigestion and stimulate the whole system P Truth and soberness compcl us to answer. Hop Bitters, boingpure, perfect and harmless. See. Immigration Board recommend that £500 be retained from tho amount due to the Orient Co., in connection with the immigrant ship " Warwick," till it is de cided whether the defective arrangements wore duo to the fault of the company, or to inefficient supervision on the part of the Emigration department. Lord Garmoyle gave as one reason for breaking his engagement with Miss Fortescue, the opera singer, that tho Duke of Bichmond had said that she could never be received at Court. Bichmond is the last person in England to give himself airs. In the reign of Charles II., a hand some, crafty, and licentious Frenchwoman whom our rude ancestors called Madame Carwell, was Bont over to England by Louis XIV. to become the mistress of Charles, and to reveal his secrets to the French Court. It is to this improper female that the Duke owes his existence and estates. At the conclusion of the service in St. Andrew's Cathedral, Sydney, the " Dead March in Saul" was played, the entire congregation (with the exception of Sir Alfred, Lady Stephen, and about 20 others) immediately walking out without the lfrast regard to decency. In England it is the custom when the " Dead March" is played in memory of a great personage for the entire congregation not only to remain, but to stand. This custom, which has itB origin in good feeling and good manners was strictly observed at the even ing service at Christ Church, by clergy, choir, and people; at the Cathedral the bad example was set by the Precentor and choir.—E. News. The following is a letter from the Bishop of Melbourne to a gentleman in Tainworth on prayer for rain: —" My dear sir,—This question is so large that I cannot spare time to write on it at length. My positions are these:—1. God intro duced his moral creature, man, into a system of physical nature, regulated by fixed laws. These fixed laws remain that man may be able to anticipate the oourse of nature and therefore to master her forces. 2. Man is morally related to God as his child, God's child by creation and redemption. Of the filial relation prayer is a necessary incident. Whatever then is a care to me, that I may bring in a prayer before my Father. When I ask for spiritual blessing I ought to expect to be answered, for God has promised to give His Holy Spirit to them that ask Him. When I seek temporal blessings I ought to leave the answer to God, not expecting Him for my sake to break down that great wholesome system of physical lawB, whioh it is as muoh for my interest as for the good ordering of creation that He should maintain.—Yours, &c.;, J. Mel bourne, Bishopscourt, Melbourne, March 15, 1884. To Mr. J. Crawford, Tamworth. On Wednosday night at 12 o'clock the supply of water to Syduey and suburbs was cut ofiE for forty-eight hours, and this will be a preliminary to the introduction of an intermittent system. In a large measure the citizens are responsible for this restrictive course. Had they res ponded more actively to tho repeated warnings to exorcise economy in their consumption of water they would have delayed the inconvenienoe which will now fall upon them. The Botany dams with the exception of one, are dry, and the store water will be consumed in 10 or 12 days, after which the citizens must rely upon the Lachlan stream. At present this yields about three million gallons per day, and channels are being cut into the sandhills to enable it to maintain _ that rate. The supplies to tho citizens will be diminished by one-third, which is thought sufficient for necessary purposes, and is more than the inhabitants of many large cities are favoured with In reference to the statement that Hanlan is about to row Beach, Mr. J. G. Deeblo, on behalf of Mr. Beach, writes: —" According to an evening contempor ary, Edward Trickett and William Boauh have boon matched to.row Edward Han lan for the above title and the sura of £<500 a side on the Nopean B.iver. Mr. Trickett is at liberty to do whatovor ho chooses; but as far as William Boach is concorned he begs to inform the public that ho has made no match, nor has he authorised any person to do so on his bo half except myself." The Milton Times says:—*' One point is deserving of careful consideration at the hands of the local committee of the Agricultural Association. The mode of | election here is to nominate and elect from a public mooting assembled at the annual gathering of the inembors. A dark or wet night necessarily prevents many from attending that meeting, which is invariably held at night time. That certainly does not afford the members an opportunity of exercising tho francbisoin this particular. Tho mode adopted at ICiama is, that the members have up to a certain day the opportunity afforded of nominating members for the now com mittee ; whon the nominations are all in, the complete list is published, and ©very member of the Association is supplied with a ballot paper, which has to be re turned by the day of election. This mode gives every member of tho Association a fair chance to vote for whom he ploaRes." Butter.—Mr. D. L. Dyraock tells the Ulawarra farmers that separators had boon proved beyond a doubt to surpass all other means to obtain tho largest yield of butter from tho milk. The Danish Government, who spent largo sums of money every .year to perfect dairying in that country as far as possible, had proved by 600 scientific tests that these separators produced 20 per cent more butter than did tho old barrel churn process. Thus a man in this district, mailing 100 pounds of butter per week with his barrel churn would make 120 pounds with a separator. Assuming but ter to be worth Is per pound all the year round this would moan an extra £l a week income to tho farmer, a sum which would probably pay his rent, instead of j its being wastod as now. And lot any one think for a moment how much 20 por cent more butter would bo worth to the whole district! It would mean tons of thousands of pounds sterling annually that wero wholly lost, as demonstrated boyond the possibility of a doubt by tho 600 tests made by the Danish Govern ment, not only bntwoen separators and ordinary churns, but between separators and the ice process and all other means previously adopted to extract butter from milk. H-Vnlan's First Match.—The follow ing articles were signed this morning.— " Articles of agreement entered into this 31st day of March, 1884, between Edward Hanlan, of Toronto, and James Hunt, of Sydney, to match either Edward Trickett of Sydney, or William Beach, of Dapto, to row a race on the Nepean Bivcr, Pen rith, a straightaway course in best-and bost boats, distance about three and a quarter miles, for the Bum of £500 a side j and the Championship of the World. The race to take place on tho 22nd May, 1884, between the hours of 2 and 3.io p.m! i The start to be by mutual consent, but if a start is not made within 15m. aftor the competitors are at their stations the um- j piro shall thon start them by signal or ! otherwise. If only one competitor is at the starting-post at 3.15 p.m., the umpire shall have the power to start him and he | will be entitled to tho whole amount of ' the stakes then in tho hand of the stake- ■ holder. In tho event of the river Loin" unfit to row upon through flood, tho con- ' sequences thereof, or otherwise, the um- J pire to havo tho power of postponing tho j race to a day and hour to be fixed by him. ' The race to be rowed according to the re cognised now rules of boat racing, such as used by the Oxford and Cambridge Un iversities. To start from what is known as about the George, and finish between two buoys with flags theron to be moored within 100 yards from the Nepean Bridge. The buoy6 to be moored 20 yards from tho two opposite banks. Deposits to be made as follows £150 after signing of these articles; £ 150 at Oxford Hotel on April "26 between the hours of 8 and 10 p.m.; £200 at Oxford Hotel on May 20, between the hours of 8 and 10 p.m. Either party failing to comply with any one of the above conditions shall forfeit the amount already deposited by him in the hands of the stakeholder. It is agreed that Thomas M. Alcock the appointed stakeholder, who wl**Pay over the stakes on tho written certificate of the umpire to the winner of the race. It is also agreed that P. J. Clarke be appointed umpire, and that his decision shall be final and without appeal to law and otherwise. Signed this 31st day of March, 1S84. — Edward Hanlan (witness, W. Fleming); James Hunt i (witness, T. B. Smith)." Vert rich discoveries of gold have recently been made at Gympie Queensland. The Queensland Nation al Bank has roceived from their branch there the splendid remittance of 22,000 ounces (value, say £80,000). Of this the Great Wilmot Extended Gold mining Company, Limited, has as the result of nine weeks' work, contributed 11,000 ounces, and the Ellen Harkins Gold-mining Company, from five weeks' work, 4500 ounces. The first named of these two mines has accord ingly declared a dividend of £1 p0r share amounting to £36,000, the sec ond named one of 1 Is, per share, £14, 800, and both mines are reported as looking splendidly. The whole of the 22,000 ounces of gold referred to above was on exhibition on Tuesday in the windows of the Queensland National Bank, 99 Pitt-street. 