BOTH Houses of Parliament meet this after- noon, at the usual hour. In the Legislative Council, which assembles at 4 o'clock, the only business on the paper is a number of motions by Mr. Garrick in reference to the hour of meeting, the appointment of the Standing Orders Committee and various Joint Com- mittees, and the suspension of the Standing Orders to admit of the passing of bills through all their stages in one day. In the Assembly, which moots at half-post 3 o'clock, Mr. Dick- son will move the suspension of so much of the Standing Orders as will admit of the passage of the Stock Inscription Act Amendment Bill through all its stages in one day. The orders of the day include consideration in committee of the desirableness of introducing the bill above named, and the second readings of five other measures, namely : -Railway Companies preliminary Act of 1880 Repeal Bill, Indian Immigration Acts Repeal Bill, Elections Act of 1874 Amendment Bill, Pastoral Leases Act of 1869 Amendment Bill, and Railway Reserves Acts further Amendment Bill. As stated by the Premier in moving the adjournment, these measures will be taken in the order in which they appear above. It is satisfactory to notice that the Griffith Ministry have taken up one bill of the late Government, probably in an amended form namely, the Bill to Consolidate and Amend the Laws relating to Bills of Exchange and promissory- notes. Since the bill was first laid before Parliament in this colony it has become law, with certain modifications, in England, and also in Victoria; and as it rescues the law from chaos, and makes it clear to any intellect which has had the advantage of mercantile or banking experience, its passage in this colony will be a great boon in many ways, not the least of which will be the assimilation of colonial to Imperial law and practice in this important matter. A telegram forwarded to us from Mutta- burra yesterday states that a large and in- fluential meeting had been held there to petition the Government to have a dam con- structed in the neighbourhood of that town ship. Liquid mud is now being sold at 6s. 6d. per cask, and so money has ever been spent there in the conservation of water. It was also decided to petition for an area of land to be set apart for selection around the town. The ordinary meeting of the Municipal Council was held yesterday. The business was for the most part of a formal character. An important step was, however, taken on the recommendation of the Works Committee that £630 shall be expended in the purchase of a powerful pump and pipes, and the laying of the same, for the purpose of flushing the sewers and open draim in Albert and Adelaide streets. The recommendation was adopted after a deter- mined opposition had been offered by Alder- man Pettigrew. Incidental to another matter, Alderman Bale spoke strongly on the number of deaths from typhoid, especially in the hospital, the nursing staff of which he de- clared to be insufficient, if rumour spoke truly. Several aldermen referred to Mrs. O'Connor's complaints, and all agreed in stating they had failed to find any nuisance. Alderman Petti- grew was appointed returning-oflicer for the forthcoming municipal general election. A special meeting of the council was also held. At this meeting the mayor was authorised to apply to the Colonial Treasurer for a loan of £30,000 for wharfage purposes and the retire- ment of Town Hall debentures. A special loan rate of twopence in the pound was then made, and the business of the special meeting was concluded. The ship sighted to the south-east of Cape Moreton on Saturday afternoon proved to be the Linlithgowshire, late Jeanie Landles, from Glasgow, with immigrants and a general cargo. She anchored in the Brisbane roadstead on Sunday night, and having been granted pratique by the health officer yesterday morn- ing, will be towed to town to-day with her passengers by the Boko, which leaves the wharf at 6 a.m. for that purpose. The Linlithgowshire, 1357 tons register, Captain Stott, Dr. Meddleton surgeon- superintendent, left Glasgow on the 10th October, with 461 bounty emigrants. Nation- alities : 177 English, 192 Scotch, 82 Irish, and 10 other countries. There are 24 full- payers and 437 assisted ; total amount paid in passage money, 2625 pounds, Occupations : 25 female domestic servants, 50 farm labourers, 4 shep- herds, 30 general labourers, 4 gardeners, 10 masons, 11 miners, 1 cooper, 3 black smiths, 5 bricklayers, 4 engineers, 23 car- penters and joiners, 3 wheelwrights, 12 plumbers, 17 painters, and 64 others. Social con- dition : 74 married couples, 185 single men, 28 single women, 41 male and 39 female children, 20 infants. The full-paying passengers in the saloon are : Mr. and Mrs. M. E. Clough, Messrs. A. Linton and R. C. Kerr. The immi- grants by this vessel have deposits in the savings bank amounting to over £977 besides which several have bank drafts for respectable amounts ; and Captain Almond, the despatch- ing officer, though calling attention to a dis- position on the part of contractors to send for- ward persons who are not in sound health as full- payers, and who have no means of pro -viding for themselves, speaks very highly of -the state of this vessel and the class of her im- migrants. Prior to the arrival of the immigrants by the "Waroonga yesterday afternoon, the depot was "thoroughly cleared and fumigated, and its walls and ceilings whitewashed. This gave the interior of the building a more cheerful ap- pearance than it previously possessed, but when the new arrivals had got into their quar- ters last night the atmosphere of the place seemed almost as close and objectionable as ever. The quarters allotted to the chief warder (Mr. Henley) and his wife are also quite unfit for anyone to live in. About 32 married couples, 80 single girls, and about 90 or 100 single men were received into the depot from the Waroonga, numbering in all some 350 souls. Their luggage, unusually large in quantity, was landed the Francis Cadell at 9 o'clock last night. Prior to their arrival there were in the depot 18 married couples with 58 children, and 5 single men, being a total of 99 souls; so there were in the place last night about 419 persons. The immigrants by two other vessels-the ship Linlithgoxv shire and the steamer Goalpara--are expected to be landed to-day, but how accommodation for them is to be found at the depot it is hard to say. There are at present in the old gaol 3 married couples, with 4 children. Yesterday morning 4 immigrants were sent to Ipswich, 5 to Mitchell, and 3 to Roma. A telegram was yesterday received by the Immigration authori- ties from Roma advising that no more single men or married couples be sent there at present. The passengers by the Waroonga seem to be a Wealthy, well-behaved lot of people. There are almost 60 full-paying passengers and several Danish families amongst them. A conside- rable number of the immigrants by this vessel intend to proceed to Maryborough. During the voyage there were 2 deaths, both from consumption, and one man met with an accident by which he broke his leg in two places, and will probably have to be sent to the hospital. The accident is not mentioned in the captain's report, but we understand it was caused by the creaking grating. Reference has already been made in these columns to the havoc wrought among the Queensland telegraph lines by bush fires. We now learn by memorandum from the depart- ment that in no year since telegraphic commu- nication was established in Queenaland have bush fires been so numerous or the damage done to the lines so serious. Since the middle of July last 120 breaks have occurred from this agency alone. Fifty-seven of these happened on the main lines running between Brisbane and Rockhampton, via Gympie, Maryborough, and Gladstone, which are employed in carry- ing local and central business. Eighteen of these breaks occurred between Gympie and Tiaro, and fifteen between Caboolture and Yandina, thus on thirty-three occasions com- pletely destroying communication with Mary- borough and Rockhampton on their proper wires. Ten interruptions were caused by these fires between Dalby and Hawkwood, so hindering all communication with the North via Bowen direct. Several other lines have been much damaged from the same cause. These interruptions, it should be borne in mind, were from one cause only, and irrespec- tive of ordinary unavoidable breaks caused by heavy wind-storms, lightning, &c.; Considering the difficulties of the work, the serious risk run by the line repairers amongst the falling timber, the excessive heat, and the scarcity of water, communication has been restored as quickly as possible in every case ; yet the delays to business have been very serious, leading, of course, to frequent complaints on the part of the public, particularly within the last four months of last year, during which period 109 of the 120 interruptions occurred. A SUPPLEMENT to the Governnunt Gazette, issued yesterday, notifies the appointment of George Arthur French, Esquire, C.M.G., Lieutenant-Colonel, R.A., to be commandant of the Volunteer force of Queensland, as from the 1st of September, 1883. The same gentle- man has also been appointed colonel in the Volunteer force of Queensland. NOMINATIONS for the vacancies caused by the retirement of one alderman from each of the city wards, and of two auditors, will be re- ceived at the Town Hall on Friday afternoon, 25th instant, and will be publicly announced on the following day at noon. The retiring aldermen are Messrs. Forth, Bale, Byram, Grahamn, M'Master, and Porter. A poll will be taken, if necessary, on Tuesday, 5th February. The bill to amend the Elections Act of 1874, introduced into the Assembly by the Colonial Secretary, relates to personation and double voting. It repeals the 56th section of the principal Act, which provides that the three preceding sections of that statute relating respectively to polling districts, voting in those districts, and to the rejection of the open vote when an elector has voted openly in one dis- trict and in the ordinary way in another shall not apply to electors residing on goldfields. The bill provides that the 53rd and 54th section of the Act shall not apply to an elector whose residence qualification arises in a goldfield, and who shall produce a miner's right. Any person be producing his miner's right is to be allowed to vote at any place within his district. Every person voting must be at the time a bona fide resident of the district in which he claims to vote. Provision is made for two questions to be put under certain circumstances to persons claiming to vote,|in addition to those provided for in the principal Act, these questions being " Are you a resident of this electoral district?" and " Where is your residence ? " Both of these questions are to be particularly answered, and a penalty is provided against anyone making a false answer. No person is to be allowed to vote until he has, in writing, answered these questions, when they are put, to the satisfac- tion of the presiding officer. It is provided in the bill that it shall be lawful for the Gover nor-in-Council to order by proclamation that at any election, all electors whose qualification is residence shall vote at the polling place nearest to the place where their qualification arises, or at the polling place appointed for the polling district (if any) within which they have elected to vote ; and whom such a proclamation is issued, the presiding officer must put the two additional questions mentioned above. When a proclamation of this kind has been made, and it appeal's to the presiding officer that a person is about to vote at a place at which he is not entitled to vote, the former may refuse to take the vote unless it is given openly, in xvhich case the fact of the x-ote having been so taken is to be written on the voting |papor. If it is found that an elector has voted both secretly and openly, the open vote is to be rejected. The technical ovening classes in connection with the School of Arts begin a new quarter this week. The secretary is prepared to give all information to intending pupils. A telegram received yesterday from G. F. Marshall, J.P., Herberton, asserts that the message from Herberton stating that the bench said there was no case against Mulloney is utterly untrue. " Cheery and Faikstak " was played last night at the theatro to a good house. Miss Lambert and Miss "Fernleigh xvere especially conspicuous, and the former received repeated encores for her laughing song. The comic element was well sustained by Messrs. Tyrrell and Wallace. To-night the comic opera " La Grande Duchesse" will be performed, with a strong cast of characters, which will be found in another column. A correspondent at Thargomindah sends us the following telegram, dated 13th instant: "Mr. Kevin O'shanassy, of Mount Howitt, son of the late Sir John O'shanassy, died suddenly of heart disease, about sixteen-miles from here, at noon yesterday. He was proceed- ing with three others to his station. They camped-for dinner, but when about to partake of that meal he fell and expired almost im- mediately." In our account of the fire in Caxton-street yesterday morning it should have been men- tioned that the Fire Brigade, under Superin- tendent Hinton, with the reel and hose from the Petrie-terraco station, rendered good ser vice in preventing the spread of the fire to the back premises. The police were also in atten- dance in good force, and gave what assistance they could. We learn from the New Zealand Insurance Company that they xvere not pecu- niarily interested in this fire as stated. It is understood the two buildings xvere each in- sured for £100 in the Liverpool'and London and Globe Company. Me. A. H. Bexbaxk, xvriting on the 3rd instant, says :-" Last New Yef.r's Day, while exploring the coast between Cape Palmerston and Rocky Dane Creek (or IJenbanU Inlet), I discovered the remains of a boat embedded in the sand at the foot of tlie hummocks-the stern only xvas visible-on which was painted in black letters Enterprue, Brisbane, on the outside of the stern, and the words William Nicoll on the inside. The boat has evidently been there for years, as there are she-oak trees groxxing round her, and the bush fires hax-e burnt the portions of the boat which xvere above the sand. I should estimate the length of the boat to hax-e been about 19ft., and about 5ft. 6in. beam. I supply you with these par- ticulars in the event of any vessel having been lost of that name, or the whereabouts of the missing boat not known." 