NEWS OF THE DAY. THE insurrection in the Soudan continues form ona of tho prinoipal items of information in oyut-cablecrnms. An expedition under General Graham is on its-wayAto the roeief of Tokar, but it is foared that the Mahdi will make an assault upon the placa "bofore the British troops arrive. Tho British Government has refused to allow Egyptian troops to form part of tho expedition. The Mahdi'H followers havo now invested Kaaeala. Questions have been asked in the House of Commons lelative to the alleged overcrowding on the immigrant steamer Warwick Castle. From the answers given it would appear that the Government has not received any report concerning the matter. The Warwick Castle ias one of the Orient line of ships, and followed the Aber- geldie with emigrants for Sydney. Tnr. " Interior Loan" of 6 per cent., contracted by tho Government of Russia, is not regarded by the itutsian people with satisfaction. The 50,000,000 roubles were subsoiibad for in ono day, not, howovor, by the com- munity, but by foreign bankers and money monopolists. Our correspondent at St. Petersburg (whoso letter will be found in another column) is of opinion that these tn extremis measures of finance will seiiously damage tho credit of the country abroad. A cosirLiitEXTAiiY race meeting, in honour of the Marquis of Normanby, was hold at Winohehea on Saturday. At tho luncheon his Excellonoy referred to his approaching departure from Viotoria. He said he would leave the colony with deep regret, his sojourn . ia it having boen the happiest of the 19 years of his life spent in the colonies as tho representative of her Majesty, Speaking of Viotoria, he characterised tho colony as one of the leading jowels of the British Crown ; but what they wanted was increased population to develop the re sourocs of tho colony, and ia a few years he had no doubt that its trado would have greatly increasod, and its population have been doubled. BusTxrss people will do well to scrutinise tho bank notos they may reçoive. A tradesman in Goorgo-street on Saturday night accepted what purported to be a &o; noto on tho English, Scottish, and Australian Cnartered bank. It was really a £1 note. The word "five," in large capitals, had been printed across the noto in ooloured ink. In two other plaoeo where the word " ouo " oocurrod, the words " five " were pasted over ; and ia anothor corner of the note a rather clumsy attompt had been made to convert the " one " into " live." Tho imposition ia perceptible at almost a glance. Tun drought formed the subjoot of special prayer in most of the city churches yesterday, and wo may presume that it WOB the same in tho ohurches scattered over tho colony. In compliance with the oiroulor J oller addressed by the president of the New Sruth Wolos and Queensland Wesleyan Confoionce, special Soivioc3 wore held in the various Wesleyan Churohes, with a viow of supplicating the Almighty for tho muck-Qoedod rain. Tn_ immigrant ship Stirlingshire, which sailed from Glasgow ou the 2nd December, with 440 immigrants for Sydney, anchored in Watson's Bay at 0.20 p.m. on Saturday. Thora were 24 deaths during tho passage, 'i'-wonty-ono of these wore causpd by meosleB, two from prostration, and one (a sailor) from natural causes. A* thero were still ono or two cases of measles when tho ship arrived, she was ordered into quarantine, whoro shs will remain for several days at least. WE aro informed that it is the intontion of Dr. Barry, tho new Bishop of Sydnoy, to give a course of loolures in tho Cathedral, iu Holy Week, similar to those ho was accustomed to give when Canon of Wor- cester. Thoee who have had the ptivilege of hearing his loctures at Worcester will know that a better or more popular modo of beginning hie work in Sydnoy could not be adopted. WITH regard to complaints which have been made at Lithgow of a scarcity of Government trucks for the conveyance of coal, we aro informed that everything is baing done to keep up, the supply of truoks to the nura bèi required. The trafilo manager has informed the Commissioner for Kailv/ays that not only has the supply been kept up, but ho has had to draw attention to the largo number of trucks loaded at the mineH and not oonsigned, and thus delayed at least 24 hours. He con- siders that the Eskbank collieries load waggons in an- ticipation of their orders, and ia that way themselves contribute to any delay that may take place in tho sub I serment BUDDIV of trucks. AMOXO the passengers leaving by the Garonne on Saturday was Miss Mitchell, daughter of the late Sir Thomas Mitchell, formerly Surveyor-General of _¡"9vr South Wales, who is returning to England in conse- quence of the recant death of her mother, Lady Mitchell. On tho day previous to her dcparturo a handsome gold watch, s'uitably inscribed, and chain, were pre- sented to her on behalf of a number of her old friends, including Sir John Robertson, Mr. Henry Halloran, C.M.G., Judge and Mrs. Windeyer, Dr. and Mrs. Garran, Mr, and the Misses Bundook, Mr. and Mrs. Heron, Mr. and Mrs. G, P. Wise, Dr. and Mrs. G. Ben- nett, Mr. and Mrs, John Plummer, and otho--. AFTER lingering through a painful illness the Itifrht Rev. Monsignor Lynch, one of the oldest and best known Roman Catholic ecclesiastics in tho colony, died yesterday afternoon, at his residence ia Campbelltown. The rev. gontleman, who was exceedingly popular among the members of tho Church to which ho be longed, and who also enjoyed the friendship of many of other denominations, was bom in Ireland, and he was, wo undorstand, nearly 70 years of age. Some 45 years of his life he spent doing duty as a missionary priest in various parts of Xew South Wales. His intellectual accomplishments and his broad views made him a favourite in a large circlo of frionds, and his death will be generally regretted. At St. Mary's Cathedral last evening the announcement of the death was made, and at the conclusion of the eorvioe the " Dead March " was played as a tribute of reverent re- spect. On Tuesday morning there will be a Requiem High. Mass in St. Mary's. TitcnE is no apparent prospeot of any tormination to tho ? ooopers' strike. The secretary of the Coopers' Society has written to tho masters, stating that the men aro determined to adhere to their price-list ; and, on the othor hand, the masters exproas tho firm intention of abiding by their first line of action ia tho mattor, and not to give way to the men. They do not desire to coerce tho men, but consider that their demands are extortionate in the extreme, as with tho old prices the men were able to earn higher wages than those of almost any other class of mechanics. The mon are out from all tho ahops, the firm of ooopors which was stated to have yielded to the demands of the men having retracted, and closed their gates on Saturday, Another moeting of delegates re- presenting masters and moa is expected to be held this afternoon. LAST week the fourth annual communication of the Right Worthy Grand Lodgo of tho Independent Order of Oddfellows was hold in the Oddfellows' Hall, Castloroagh-streot. The gathoring was well attended by representatives of the various lodges under the Order, and the procoedinsB passod off satisfactorily. In another part of the paper will be found on account of tho communication. Tun annual meeting of St. Mary's Balmain branch of the Church Society was held in the Adolphus-streot schoolroom on Eriday ovoning last. Tho Rev. Mervyn Arohdall, M.A., presided. Mr. W. Parker road the statement of acojuuts, from which it appcir<id that a total of £102 Ids. had been contributod by tho parish to the society. The meeting was addressed by the Revs. S. ¡3. Tovey, B.A., diocesan secretary of the society, and A. W. Pain, B.A.. incumbent of St. John s. Darlinghurst. Messrs. W. Parker and G. Loxton were appointed parochial representatives to the central committeo, and after a vote of thanks to the lady colleotOM and tho deputation had been proposed by Major Jaques, the meeting was conoluded in tho usual woy. As some of our readers aro aware, tho Art Society of iVow South Wales have been for some time paBt en- deavouring to lind rooms to supply the placo of those lost in the Garden Palace fire, and thuB plaoo them- selves in a position to oarry out the educational soheme which they had proposed. The committee have at last taken a suito of commodious rooms on the second floor ia the» Pitt-street front of the Royal Arcade, which aro being fitted up for the purposes to which they are to be UDslied. Ona ne these ia to be urenared as . olasB-room, in which the life-Bchool is to I be conducted, and where mombers can ako Btudy from the valuablo set of casts lately selected in London, and sent out by Mr. J. P. Russell for tho 60Lie'ty. Another room is designed for a roadiug room and libiary, and will bo supplied with the best; known periodicals on art. The third apartnicnt of the suite has for the present been let to an artist member of the society ; but it will with tbo others bo available for exhibitions, and with this special purposo in vie w the three rooms have been connected with each other, and coloured of a tint which will form an effective background toitho pictures. When ready for USP the rooms will bo avail- able to mombers for three evenings in the week, and will no doubt considerably enhance the attraotivenes and usefulness of the socioty. ABOUT half-past 11 o'clock yesterday morning a fire broko out in a dwelling occupied by a man namod Charles Brown, in Bathurst-streot, near Kont-atreet. The lire occurred owing to a defect in tho brickwork of tho chimney. A quantity of firo got through the wall, and ignited some shingles under au iron roof. The alarm was given, and a number of firemen were soon on the spot. A portion of the roofing was removed, and the lire was extinguished by the members of the Insurance Eire Brigade before any serious damage was done. IT was reported to the City Coroner yesterday that an infant about a month old, daughter of Alfred Duguid, 56, Ultimo-road, had been found dead in bed. It is said the infant enjoyed good health up to tho time of its death. An inquest will probably bo held upon the body to-day. THE City Coroner initiated an inquiry at Darling- hurst gaol on Saturday morning into tho circumstances attending tho death of a prisoner named William Pacey, alias Jefferie, who died in the gaol hospital on Friday night. The evidence showed that the prisoner had recently been received into Darling- hurst gaol from tho Parramatta gaol, whore he had been under special treatment for some time. Owing to a few questions asked by one of the jurors with respect to tho _md of treatment the deceased received in the Parramatta gaol, the coroner adjourned the inquest until 9 o'clock this morning, in order to obtain the evidence of the visiting surgeon of the Parramatta gaol, IF all the blessings of life come to that nation which has a stationary or dooreasing population (ex- claims SI. James's Gazette), what a happy country Franca ought to bo. According to the returns of vital statistics for 1882 recently published, it would soem that Franco is rapidly reaching the condition in which tho births aro only just sufficient to supply the waste caused by death. In 1882, as compared with 18S1, there were 10,000 more deaths and 1Ö00 fewer mar- riages. Sixty years ago, under the Restoration, France would havo doubled its population in 112 years ; at the present rate tho doubling would occupy 267 years, but for the steady immigration of au enormous body of foreigners into the country every year. This is a state of affairs which ought to ming comfort to our Mal thusians, who, no doubt, will bo abk to domonstrato to us that there ia no Buch thing as discomfort or distress in a country oxisting under such sound economical con- ditions. It does not seem to be regarded with quite so muoh complacency by French statesmen and statis- ticians, who aro asking themselves, with some anxiety, what is likely to happen when the population of France, oven with the addition of a few millions of Germans, Italians, and Belgians, will bo rather less than half that of Germany. THERE ia an interesting account in the Times of an educational experiment in Denmark. A society was founded a year ago for giving evening instruction to tho working-men, and within a few months 57 classes were set ou foot, Many of the subjects were elementary or technical,' but others-Buch as sociology and the history of Danish literature-wore more of tho " Uni- versity Extension " kind. The scheme of instruction, too, seems to have bean laid on similar lines, Many of the teaohers ara University professors, and the teaohing consists of ooursea of lectures spread over a session of six months, and accompanied by class-teaohing and written exorcises. As the society numbers 500 sub- scribing mombers, and tho lecturers all give their ser- vices gratuitously for She present, it was possible to re- duce the fees very low, and sixpence only was charged for a course of six months' duration. THE CoZoejite Gazette, after enumerating tho negative results of the work of the English ia Egypt, 6ays :-And whose fault is ii ? (The Egyptian Ministry's ? It consists of the most honourable men of all Egypt. Is it the fault of the English officials r They havo beon specially selected becauso of their moral and business faculties Sir E. Barina:, General Wood, Baker Pasha, Clifford Lloyd, Vincent, and all the rest. Tho Khedive himsolf, known for his weak charactor, is in no wise opposed to English roforms. The fault, therefore, can only lie in the system-in the uncertain condition between inde- pendence and dependence-which prevails in Egypt. MB. HEYDON, M.L.A. will deliver a lecture on " The ineviteible policy of the future," at tho Temperance Hull, to-night. Tits grocers' sixth annual picnio ia to be hold at Botany on AYodaosday. THE following is the rtiport of the Prince Alfred Ilorpital for the weet ending 17th February, 1884 :-Number ot in pitlcnta at lint report, 73 m-iles", 61 females : total, 137. -ince admitted, 17 males, 10 females : total, 27. Discharged, 0 males, 11 females : total, 20. Died, 4 males. Ilemainmg In hospital on 17th February, 1834, 77 males, 63 females : total, 140. _ 