jHeros in (ScneraL A man named Thomas Moore fell down a well at Gundagai, 60 feet, and broke his neck. The total amount to the credit of depositors in the Savings Bank of New South Wales is now over £1.SOO.OOO. The Immigration vote is to be reduced by the sum of £75,000, which leaves only £25,000 out of the £100,000. The bad print of the cheap daily papers of Great Britain is said to be causing great injury to the eyes of readers. It is estimated that during the present century no fewer than 30,000,000 of civilised men have perished in war. An interesting social problem i3 the marvellous way in which the number of survivors of the Bala clava charge increases each year. Andrew Lang says that an English Protestant, finding himself in the Ojibbeway or Mohammedan paradise might think himself in hell. George Richard Brown, late a lieut-eolonel in the British Army, has been convicted in Melbourne for obtaining goods under false pretences. The Crown Prince of Portugal is able to con verse in 14 languages, and already has a private library of 40,000 volumes. He is 20 years of age. Dr. Wood says that the cockroach has 3000 teeth. From the way the ladies scream when they see one we imagined it had at least 3,000,000 teeth. It is understood that the Hon. James White has liberally offered to present the Prince Alfred Hos pital with a complete set of surgical instruments, the probable cost of which is about £S00. THe long-deferred and mueh-contested line from Orange to Molong, 22 miles, is to be commenced at once. The tenderers are Messrs. Cain and Co., for £151,091 6s. 5d., or £6867 15s. 9d. per mile. "FT is Royal Highness the Prince of Wales has con sented to serve on the commission appointed, under the presidency of Sir Charles Dilke, to report upon the best means of housing the London poor. The other evening, in Dublin, while Bany Sul livan was playing Hamlet, just as he cried out, in the closet scene, A rat ! a rat ! " a cat who heard him jumped, in a state of extreme excitement, on the stage to secure her favourite prey. The Swedish and Danish Governments have de cided to lay down a new submarine cable between the two countries. The cable, which will consist of four wires, will be laid from Helsingborg to Elsianore, via the island of Hveen. It rather disgusted a Vermont man who went to a neighbour's barn to steal a cow to find when he got the animal home that it was his own cow, which his neighbour bad stolen earlier in the night. He says the neighbour is a confounded thief. The i Southland Times (N.Z.) states that the loss sustained by the country in consequence of the devastation caused by the rabbit plague amounts to the almost incredible sum of £1,700,000, and this loss is an annually increasing one. A. W. Howitt, P.M., of Omeo, ha3 been naturalised as an aboriginal by a local tribe. He now attends corroborees and other aboriginal en tertainments, and takes part in the mystic rights of admitting youns blacks to manhood. An uncomfortable solution of the great " sunset mystery " is given by a Persian astrologer, who predicts that the blood-red appearance of tne sky is a forwarnins oi a war such as the world has never yet beheld. There is to be bloodshed on an unexampled scale in all quarters of the globe. The railway tunnel at Redfern, Sydney, is to be removed, and a straight iron girder bridge is to be erected to carry the road above, the space beneath the bridge being made wide enough to accommodate four lines of railway. The wooden bridge at Wells-street is also to be extended, in order that the four lines may pass under it. A mareied woman, called Van der Linden, aged 45 years, mother of three children, is charged at Leiden with having murdered 16 persons in the course oi a few years. The victims are nearly all members of her family, on whose lives she had efi'ected insurances in Burial and Life Insurance companies, without their consent, with the inten tion of poisoning them, and receiving the money at their deaths. The crimes were discovered under the following circumstances : — Some days ago a family, named Frankhuyzen, at Leiden, lost one day the mother and a child of eight months. The father was also taken ill, and removed to a hospital. In each case there were symptoms of poisoning, and the examination of the bodies proved this to be really the fact. It was ascertained that Mrs. Van der Linden came into the honse of her relative, and put poison in the milk which was being made hot on the fire. After the death of the woman and her child, it was remembered that during the last two or three years a number of the members of the family bad died under the same circumstances; and the bodies of two other children having been exhumed, showing traces of poison 15 months ago, Frankhuyzen is very ill, and is in great danger. The accused has confessed to her guilt. Prisoner has herself lost five children, and it is presumed that they have also been poisoned. The work of recovering £1,000.000 in treasure, supposed to have been lost in the wreck of the British frigate Hussar, at the bottom of the East River, New York, just below Fort Morris, has been commenced. The vessel was wrecked in 17S0 while on the way to Norwich, Conn., and the money was for the payment of the British troops. The Hussar had also 70 American prisoners chained to her gun deck. The company engaged in the work retain 90 per cent of their findings, the United States Government 10 per cent. In a letter to a contemporary (states the St. James' Gazette) Lord Charles Beresford tells a story concerning naval matters which is by no means | pleasant reading. In the year 1S73, when war be- i tween this country and Russia seemed imminent a fast Russian cruiser was dodging about the Chan nel. In the event of war breaking out, her captain intended to remain a few hours on each of the great ocean highways leading to our largest ports, and sink every mercantile steamer, big or little, he saw. In 43 hours it is most likely "there would have been many shipowners and insurance com panies in a state of excitement bordering on in- i sanity, generally asking, ' But where is the navy V The navy could not have done much until after most of the mischief had been done, as the Sabiaka would never have stopped to fight : and it is un likely that, with only the one or two fast cruisers we had then, we should ever have caught her. The following is the manner in which the Mel bourne Aryus deems it its duty to write on what it j calls the recent painful occurrences in New South Wales : — " How real and enduring is the convict taint we may see by the recent painful occurrences in New South Wales. The old element, it might be supposed, had been destroyed by the lapse or years, and by the flood of free population ; but now and then we have revolting crimes, which are attributed, without hesitation, to the penal virus, j Take the gaol returns of a colony that was once a j convict settlement, and of a colooy that has been j always free, and they- tell their own tale of the ; lasting difficulty and disgrace which have been ; saddled on the fonner." The past is past. We : have got over its worst part, namely, the moral de- ! preciation which attaches to convict territory, but if the French policy is to be carried out at our ex pense, the stigma will once more rest upon Austra lasia." 