DR. POWER'S MEETING. A very large jiumber of German and Danish electors responded to Dr. Power's invitation to meet him last evening in the Scandinavian Hall, the building being completely filled. Tho chair was ably filled by Mr. Fritz Kinue, who, in a few well-chosen words, introduced the can didate. Dr. Power, who was well received, said so many absurd;rumors lxad been spread about him amongst friends of the Scan danavian race that he had determined to call a meeting of both German and Scandinavian people iu order to explain to thein fully what his views anil aspira tions were. It was not at all difficult for busy and designing men, taking advan tase of the license allowed in times of electioneering excitement, to seriously prejudice a man amongst those who were not well acquainted with him. Very many political squibs had been issued, aud he had been reported by both friends and enemies to have said many things which surprised him beyond measure. When he started from Brisbane to con test this election, he was told it was use less to come to Maryborough, for Mr. Jaeschke had been before him, and the election was fought and won long before he could come into the field. Hccame forward boldly, discrediting all these rumors, and determined, whether beaten or not, to advocate what he considered great principles, and that he would lift up a voice in the interests of the town and district, which to him was endeared by all those sacred ties wlrcli he could imagine the wandering immigrant from Denmark must' feel when he looks back at the dear old fatherland he has left behind him. This was his native country and he was filled with a sacred desire to do his part in conserving its interests, and building up its future. When he was tast in Wide Bay, there was no policy before the country. He, with an iudepeudence which lie hoped would always characterise liiin. laid down for himself a policy which lie determined he would support, for he had given poli tical subjects his earnest attention. Since that time a new Government had come in aud issued a definite policy, one great line of which was the Land Act. (The speaker here described the Bill, aud made comments similar to those in his speech last Monday). The Bill should be improved so as to continue the present system of homestead areas. In other respects it was an admirable Bill, and ho should support it, at the same tune trying to improve this part of it. Under the agricultural clauses the lowest amount for which you can aquire a free hold would be £365. Why repeal the present Act under which a poor man can take 160 acres for £20 under the homestead clauses, and get five years to pay it in ; or 40 acres at 5s., and get five years to pay It in. Under this contem plated Act there is no chance whatever for a poor man, and the very Govern ment you are asked to give a blind sup port to are now proposing to abolish all those privileges the working classes have so long fought for. His opponent, Mr. Annear, acknowledged he had not read the Land Bill. It is jirecisely for this reason that he talks of voting at the beck and call of the Government. JbLe asked thein to return him (Dr. Power) to watch well over this Land Bill for tliem. He would help the government fairly, but would oppose the repeal of the Homestead areas. [Cheers.] Helooked on the Kanaka question as settled. Keep the kanaka out of the towns aud he can never hurt you. The Government wish to send the kanaka away and give the planters cheap Italian laborers. He did not think it would be wise to flood the country with cheap labor at present. Although labor is fairly paid now, it must not be forgot ten that everything is very dear in the way of living. The laborer cannot stand being cut any lower iu his wages, and he could not see how cheap labor in oue department can be carried out without lowering its value in department. If they him their support he would endea vor to help (he industries of the country without lowering wages in any way. [Cheers.] Although not unfriendly to the Government, he must condemn their policy of starting the Ipswich workshops. We have established industries for making rolling stock in this town. We pay away in this branch alone wages to to £400 a week. Why should the Govern ment oppose us by running their own works against us iu Ipswich? Simply, this is done to satisfy tlie greed of a political intrigue at Ipswich. The Ipswich bunch of politicians are notorious for greediness and their organi sation for political intrigue ; and itis this power that forces Government to pander to the I unrighteous demands of that fowerful body amongst their supporters. f they elect him, he would not be afraid to tell the Government that he would oppose this proceeding. Mr. Annear was their liomiuee, and bound to go with all they proposed. Give him (Dr. Power) their votes, and he will stand up fearless of all parties to fight for their rights. He was in favor of putting the dredge into the hands of trustees ; he wanted to see the river deepened to 15 feet at low water, and by this meaus see the Burrum trade developed. He was in favor of thedirect line to Gayndah. Brisbane have here again concentrated all our lines to Ipswich. We are tapped by Esk aud Coliuton to Nauango. They will ruu from Gayndah to Nanango, aud from Kilkivan to Nanango, and all our Western trade, unless we are keenly alive to our interns s will be carried to Brisbane. He wanted the electors to think for themselves. He would not condescend to talk electioneering claptrap to them. He was fighting for Maryborough aud wanted tliem to help him. He had nothiug to serve. He left this town to devote three years of life to politics. In supporting him they were helping them selves. What he said cannot be denied. Roll up at the poll ou Friday aud give him a good support, aud they would find in him a representative who will guard their interests without fear or without hope of favor from any Government or party. [Applause.] At the conclusion of Dr. Power's address, lasting ail hour and a half, aud which was listened to with the greatest attention, several questions were asked the candidate, to all of which satisfactory replies were given. A vote of confidence iu the candidate was proposed by Mr. F. Itzstein, and seconded by Mr. C. Rabaa, aud carried by a very large majority. A vote of thauks to the Chairman was duly carried, and the meeting, which was a most successful one, closed with ringing cheers for Dr. Power. A deputation of electors waited on Dr. Power last night from the combined Temperance Associations of Mary-1 borough, and asked him— (1) Was he in favor of the abolition of the employment ot girls as barmaids in public houses ; (2) Was he iu favor of the strict closing of Hotels on Sundays ; (3) Was he in favor of local option iu the issuiug of public house licenses. Dr. Power, in reply, said he was decidedly in favor of local option, which would put the power of establishing public houses in the hands of the residents instead of the arbitrary control of a Licensing Board. Having a due regard for existing rights, it would be to the interest of the publicans, for it would give more pfiveleges to publicans of good repute. He was also in favor of Sunday closing and tbe abolition of barmaids. [These answers are similar to thoso given by tbe candidate at the meeting on Monday nigbt, but which, through our inadvertence, were accidentally omitted from our report of Dr. Power's meeting. -Ed. M. C.] 