CHEAP TRAINS' AND HOUSES K)E WOBKMKN. To thb Editob. --Sib, — In my loiter of the Hth I treated on the ncceaeiiy for establishing cheap trains to and from suburban loeilitien for the benefit of tho working classes An ex* collent sub-leader in tho satno isouo on popu larising tho railway by choapor far: s afforded strong collateral support to my arguments. Othor letters have appeared in Bupport of the same object, and I havo reason to believe thilt fchprfl in n. wirlfl.Rnrpiid and penernl nrtimnn llnift the time has arrivod for immediate active re form in the matter by tho Govormnent. 'Iho regulation of tho tramwayB as feeders to the railway lines is also a nccomtf. As an adjunct to tho cheap workmon'ei trains, provision Bhould bo mudo on tho part of tho Government boforo tho present Bgrcernont of the Metropolitan Tramwuy Company is signed that clauses be embodied therein, bind ing the company to await the arrival of tho proposed morning trains at tho Bi'tthann ter minus, and attending tho out^oicg ones iu the evening, ut special minimum rales of oh- r^e, to tbat workmen could be brought into nnd con veyed from the heart of the city. Such rcduatd rates might be in the fo-m of a ticlcot. for the daily double journey for fixed periods, suy monthly or quarterly. Particular alluoiun is meant here tu the StanUy street terminus of tha lines to the Uxley and ).ogan nittricts The establishment by private enterprise of steam boat traffic to placos on cuch eido of the- Brisbane iiivor, which mny be come centres of population is also desirable. The prospectus of a company with this object in view, I remember, was issued by Mr Cansdell, but foil to the ground for want of support. The arguments then advanced in its support were of a sound nature, and are of greater force now. Spaco will not permit me to reoapitulale them in thite letter, but I wos much struck at the time with thi-ir forco of rtajouing. It was proposed, I think, to run steamers of suitabh capacity, at c^rtair. i'.tcr. vule, betweon various points and calling places on both si:icB of the river, for eome distance above and below tho city, and to 6orvo for goods and produce traffic as well '.is the con veyance oi' passengers Independently of iU utility, the trip on the river would bi re freshing and sanitary. Promoters of companies — so nrnHRn nt nrpflnnt - wonlrl do well to turn their attention to this Bchemo as a pa;ing one Then, assuming the question of cheup convey ance of workmen to und fiom suburban homes to bo established, comes the matter of the homes th'.niBelves. I wob otruck with a letter inynnr is'ue of to-day, pointing out tha immorality engendered i:i familieB by overcrowded sleep ing accommodation at present existing ; and, I dourit not, many flagrant instances of such over crowding in tho city might be brought to light. It would he'p tho purpose I have in view wero correspondence elioited in your columns corro borative of instances of the kind. 'Jlien, us to tho great inllux of immi grants that are almost daily arriving. Where are they to bo housed P Olearly there is no room for them in tho city, not only on lieiHUcial, but on sanitary grounds. The op portunity offers to holders of blocks of land in tho outlting suburbs to cut tho same up in building allotments, not in 12 to 20 perch blocks, but of sufficient area to enable tho working man to cultivate fruit aud vegetables, und make himself a comfortable hoincsload These allotments should be disposed of on terms of easy deferred payments ; or, on the same system of deferred payments, assistance might be afforded to the working inuu to build his house, enlarging the samj at timo, moans, and opportunity served. Bettor (.till were the proprietors of the land to put up roomy houses, built on the moat improved plans so as to combine oconomy of or eel ion with internal and external conveuioncos. f hero is great room for improvement on tho present universal monotonous sty lcof gable ended houafs that meet on&'a eyes on every hand. Atulmostthe same) expense, especially if contracts wern made for tho erection of a number of housoa at onco, buildings might be eroded more suitable to the climate, neater in appearance, with wider verandas, internal arrangement more convenient und the necessary accessoi ies of good ventilul ion propor drainage and water supply duly provided for. I think thero can be no doubt tbat were such provision of houses and lands nude, oa the terms and conditions I have stated, tho demand would soon exceed the supply. We should then have the nucleuB of om»fl town ships peopled with a happy and oontented population. It would be of great pu lie ser vice in connection with this subject, were the Government to offer premiums for the bost pUiis and details of bull tings for artisans ut tbe cheapest rate compatible with suitability and effectiveness. But I must conclude, as the subject, has a tendency to extend to a greuter length than I anticipator]. There nre other matters in connection t erowith that I may ask tpace for in another letter.— Yours, itc., Hampdiim. Brisbane, February 18 Taoism Imhigbatioh. - Yesterday Messrs. Bailey and Mellor, M. Ij.A.'b waited on tho Hon. tho Colonial Secretary to lay b:foro him a scheme for the introduction in! o tlie colony of a number of middle class Danish farmers, tbe Danish pooplo in the Wido Bay district having expressed their desire for Bucb un immigration, and agreedtothodetailsof the scheme. The class proposed to be brought here are educated and skilled agriculturists possessed of moderate capital. Tho Colonial Secretary stated that this, , with other proposals of a Bimilar nature, should be carefully considered so soon as the cIobi) of the session would givo him leisure to The Papifio Islaksb. — The following notice issued by the Assistant High -~ommis siontr for the Western Papifio appears, in Satur day's Qazclte: — 'Applieationsfrom time to timo having boen made to the Huh Commissioner with regard to the registration, in the office of the Commissioner, of purohases of land made by British subjects in certain inlands in the Pacific Ocean, it is hcroby notiQod for genera! information that Her Mnjesty's Government, after full consideration of the question, has decided that as the registration of these land transactions would be liable to be construed ai ii confirmation of thorn by the Imperial Govern raont, carrying with it somo obligation to up hold such transactions, and possibly to givo special protection to tho purchasers, no such registration shall be permitted. It is, therefore, to bo understood by ull persons concerned that Her Majesty's Govornmcnt will accept no re sponsibility in regard to transactions relating to land in tho PaciOo Ocean not being in British territory.' 