I BRITISH AND FOREIGN ITEMS. J m Capital punishment is to be abolished in Finland. Everything has gone up 100 per cent. in India because of the Exhibition. The highest mountain in North Borneo is Kinos Bnhu, 1,000ft. above the sea. In Prussia there is a clause in the liquor law which operates against credit at bars. It is estimated that there are 20,000,000 people of Irish blood in the United Sta ton. The Guion Co. say they will make the trip from New York to Liverpool in five days, A negro national convention at Louis- ville has voted its sympathy to the Irish National League. The Mormon Church at Utah has gained over 23,000 new members during the last six months An English female pedestrian has accomplished the task of walking 1,500 miles in 1,000 hours. Four years ago the railway mileage in the twelve Southam American States was 17,000. It is now 20,000. The German Government intends applying to the Reichstag for an appropria- tion to build 60 torpedo boats. The Irish Times of Dublin says a syndicate of London is discussing a project for a ship canal across Ireland. Russia is sending " botanists" to Central India to spy out the land preparatory to future absorptions. The release of Arthur Orton, the Tichborne claimant, on tickot-oMoavo, will be due in October, 1884. In Belgium and Holland the railway embankments are farmed out to a company which raises apples upon them. Canon Farrar has been a total abstainer from wine and spirits for six years, and John Bright has been for ten. According to the decision of a Balti- more justice, a husband is liable and can be sued for whatever slander his wife utters. The authorities of the London Parcel Post have refused to recognise live lob story as articles which can be forwarded under their control. The last stone of the Tuileries has now been removed, leaving an uninterrupted view from the Place du Carrousel to the fire de Triomphe. Thirty obelisks transported from Egypt from time to time are now standing in various parts of Europe. Of those there are in Rome devon. A century ago but 1,000,000 out of 27,000,000 souls forming the population of France could road and write. Now education is universal. W F. Sutton, a noted Scotch bicyclist, living in London, has completed 258 miles in 24 hours, claimed to be the best yet recorded on the wheel. The London Fishery Exhibition was visited by 2,703,051 persons, and not a single case of disorderly conduct was brought to the knowledge of the Commissioners. By request of the Education Depart merit, Belgium, duplicates of Victorian school book and appliances have been forwarded to the Minister of that kingdom. Belgium has erected a Palace of Justice about half the size of St. Peter's at Rome, and one-fifth of the entire revenue of the country will not pay for it. In all parts of India preaching in the public squares has been practised largely by Christian missionaries, and they are now imitated by both Hindoo and Mohammedan priests. The little island of water, in the South Seas, is said to be the only purely Christian country in the world. Every adult on the island is a member of the church on confession of faith, Mr John Newton Mappin, a well known Sheffield brewer, has left a magnificent collection of pictures, valued at over £00,000, to Sheffield, with £15,000 to erect a building for their reception. The changes of level of the Caspian puzzled geographers. It has risen and fallen at irregular intervals since 1870, but was 10ft. lower in 1930 than in 1870. In 1882 it was lOAin. higher than in 1830. The Dutch Government propose to construct docks at Sourabaya, in Java, and to augment the native element in the army in Acheen. The deficit in the Budget of the Dutch Indies amounts to 14,800,000 guilders. It is telegraphed from Rome that the prelates of the Vatican, fearing that the Italian Government may gobble the Papal library, are hiding the most valuable of their lithological treasures. Many valuable manuscripts have already disappeared. The OBtain belonging to the Northern Pacific Railway Company is so vast that its value cannot be accurately computed. A carefully prepared statement just issued, however, shows that the company LinE of land unsold about 40,000,000 acres. 1 At the meeting of the creditors of a brewer and publican at Liverpool lately, the deficiency in the debtor's OBtain was ascribed mainly to the depreciation of public-house property through the "wave of temperance which was passing over Liverpool." A tower somewhat like the keep tower of a nation, is to be erected on the south nab, Bolton Abbey, to the memory of the late Lord Frederick Cavendish, by the electors of the West Riding of Yorkshire. The tower will be 94ft. high and 15ft. square. M. Ferry asserts that the whole royalist party in France consists of 3,000 nobles, 1,000 pretenders, 30 bishops, and perhaps as many more priests and sycophants, and this comparatively small cluster of people keep France in a fever half the time. Jane Johnston, aged 84 years, known in the Salvation Army as the " champion drunkard of the world," and who has been convicted of drunkenness in Yorkshire more than 200 times, was recently sentenced in Leeds, to three months' imprisonment for creating a disturbance. It is estimated that the contractors for the Lord Mayor's banquet last November had to supply 12,000 knives, 12.000 forks, 5,000 spoons, 10,000 plates, 1,400 napkins, 5,000 glasses, 1,200 tumblers, and 1,100 finger glasses. The tablecloths measured about 300yds. Mr. Terrill, the Wiltshire farmer who, with beer for refreshment, beat his opponent, a temperance advocate who drank water, in a pitching match recently, has been presented with a testimonial of over £100, subscribed by the farmers of Wilts and the neighbouring county. Umbrellas of natural flowers have been introduced at Nice. The blossoms entirely cover the outside, the handles are of bamboo in rustic shape, and the lining is thin white silk. One of those floral curiosities, recently sent to a Parisian bride, was in 'do of Parma violets, with a border of white jessamine imitating lace. Lady Florence Dixie is once more about to leave England on a visit to South Africa. Of course she intends visiting her old friend Cetewayo, but it is to be hoped that any reports Bho may feel disposed to Bond home will have no influence with those in authority here. Whether her ladyship intends to take up her residence in South Africa for good we do not know, but it is significant that Sir Beauchamp Dixie's fine old family estate in Leicestershire is in the market. The Berlin official Gazette announces that the Bishop of Limburg, who was de- deposed from his office in June, 1877, for recalcitrance against the May Laws, has been pardoned by the Emperor King, and reinstated in his see, by virtue of the full discretionary powers granted to the Government by one of the Falk Laws Amendment Act;. A praiseworthy attempt to get rid of the surplus population of cats is being made by the costumiere of Paris, who j have just invented a "Chapoau Miuotto," consisting, as might be expected, of the entire skin of a cat, with the head nest- ling, as if the animal were taking its accustomed slumbers on the rug in front of the fire, among ribbons and other auxiliaries to this fascinating honddroBB. It is said that the design is becoming highly popular in France, and that, as a natural consequence, the tabby race is in considerable demand. The Legislative Assembly of British Columbia has passed a resolution instruct- ing the Government to introduce a bill restricting Chinese immigration. The Provincial Secretary stated that there were 3,000 destitute Chinese on the main- land who had already begun to rob and murder. Lieut-Col. Playfair, who has been busy writing a history of English relations with Algiers, has discovered in the State Paper Office records of all the British captives of the Corsairs for more than 200 years, and many other details as to the relations between England and the boys. The report of Colonel Majendie and Captain Cundill on the recent explosions on the Underground Railway has been issued. They believe that the explosions were maliciously effected by dynamite that the charge in each case was dropped ! from an up train in the Praed-street ' case from the injured train, and in the Charing Cross case from the up train, which was leaving Westminster when the explosion occurred and they regard the outrage as connected with others lately attempted in Glasgow and elsewhere Patti's diamonds and Patti's dresses are the talk of New York. " She wore," says one correspondent, a curious combination of velvet and feathers on her head, a little lace veil that came down to the tip of her nose, and a profusion of lace about her little brown neck. Her costume well, I cannot exactly describe it, It looked like silk, with a lot of little ribs in it, and she wore yellow gloves. I seem to recall a red ribbon on the hat or bonnet, and she carried a parasol that was covered with lace that seemed to hang in festoons around the edges, and was fined with rod." Her establishment is extensive and expensive. She has eight | or ten rooms en suite, a man of business, a secretary, two or three dresses, and maids by the half-dozen. The enterprising speculator who, it was recently related by a New York paper, bought a very large number of hard boiled eggs a bargain, under rather singular circumstances, has found out that the bargain is a bad one for himself. It may be remembered that a few weeks ago a Danish steamer reached New York with a fire in her hold in which, amongst other cargo, were 250 boxes of eggs, each box containing 60 dozen. The water that had been pumped into the vessel to extinguish the fire becoming heated by the flames, the result was that the olga wore boiled hard, being later on purchased at a low figure by a doctor, who thought he would sell them retail to hotels and restaurants, and thus do a good stroke of business. He has, however, been cruelly deceived in his expectations. When he offered his eggs for sale the quality of the goods was naturally costed by the intend- ing purchasers, and it was then found that the fumes of the Swedish matches, which had ignited, and set the vessel on fire, had so impregnated the eggs with the odour of sulphur, that they were absolutely unfit for consumption. So the upshot is that the speculator has 180,000 hard-boiled eggs on his hands, which he is unable to dispose of at any price, how- ever small. A curious Masonic incident is related by Charles Du Val, in his work entitled, " With a Show through Southern Africa," as having occurred in Pretoria, while be captured by the Boers during the late war in the Transvaal. The writer says A meeting of Freemasons was held towards the end of January, and under circumstances so entirely novel that it may be worth while to recount them. In the first place, the members of the craft had to obtain permission from their various commanding officers or respective ward masters to attend the meeting. These passes, countersigned by the garrison adjutant, were granted at the bearer's own risk-the Masonic-hall of the town of Pretoria being the place of assembly. Slightly at variance with the motto of the brethren ' Peace, Love, and Harmony '- was their appearance, clad in the various costumes of war, many carrying their rifles and bandoliers ; a group of horses standing outside the hull, while the Master and officers of the lodge went through the various rites of the ancient craft in an apartment through which the breezes freely blow, entering a line of loopholes knocked out of the wall at one side to es- cape by a similar set at the other pos- sibly the most novel system of ventilation that over admitted the fresh air to participate in the mystic ceremonies of the Free and Accepted ones, in either South Africa or wherever else the maid has to Bounded on the compasses been extended in open lodge." Speaking of cheap champagne, Truth says I am not in the least surprised at the revelations which have been made in Paris about the manufacture of champagne. A restaurant-keeper has been convicted of selling a liquid worth 4s. 3d. a bottle as the genuine wine of a well known maker. I have no doubt that there is an immense quantity of this or similar stuff being sold at present in London. In every restaurant there are apparently limited supplies of the finest champagnes wines practically not to be bought, such as '68 and '74 vintages. However, if people are so foolish as to expect to pick up the best champagnes at moderate prices in every little out-of-the-way case, one cannot feel much sympathy for them. But is it certain that manufactured champagne is not just as good as the real article? I have a friend ; he is rich and hospitable. In a moment of frankness he told me that he bought the champagne which his guests drank with gusto for 23s. per dozen, and that it was made in England. I defy,' he said anyone to tell the difference between it and the very best." Comparatively few outsiders see the newspapers written and produced by our Eton, Harrow, Rugby, and Winchester boys, as well as at many of the less famous Schools. The Etonian at least deserves celebrity as having been originated by Mr. Gladstone, many of whose early verses may be found in bygone numbers. The reading matter is, as a rule, of little interest save to past or present members of the school. But an exception must be made to the last issue of the Rugby Meteor-a first-rate specimen of boy journalism. This contains, as the youthful editors tells us, the only piece of verse to which Dr. Arnold was over known to have signed his name, and which is now printed for the first time through the kindness of an old Rugboian. The poem was written when he was 20 years of age, and was suggested by a child's enquiry whether the spot from whence the sun rose was " the gate of Heaven." The lines breathe religious sentiments of an elevated order, and are likely to attract considerable attention from Dr. Arnold's many admirers in wider circles than the school whose name he made so famous wherever the English language is spoken. An Ottawa paper has the subjoined : A correspondent writes us as follows: "I went the other night to see Mrs. Langtry in The, School for Scandal, I have witnessed the play a score of times, and have been the leading character performed by many noted actresses, and I confess I went more for the purpose of seeing the lady than enjoying the comedy. I had read criticisms of her acting, and from whom I was led to expect merely an agreeable amateur performance, so far as she was concerned. I was never more agreeably surprised in my life, and say emphatically that Mrs. Langtry's performance of this character will bear comparison with that of any actress now on the stage. There was a naturalness and spontaneity about her noting which was perfectly charming and suited the character to a nicety. Amateur indeed ! If this is amateur acting the sooner some of our old stagers introduce a little of the amateur element into their delineations the better for them and for their audiences. Mrs. Langtry has departed a little ' from tradi- tion in the famous screen scene, and it struck me as being very natural and effective When the screen is thrown down, Lady Teazle, instead of standing motionless in her place, as is customary, covers her face with her fan and attempts to escape, in the character of the little milliner. She is arrested by Charles, and, when recognised by Sir Peter, stands in the centre of the stage a charming picture of shame and humilia- tion. Her burst of indignation when de- nouncing the hypocrisy ', of Joseph Surface bIiowb the possession of much dramatic power, while as a proof of her attention to detail I may mention that she on tors the room slightly flushed from the consciousness of the dangerous stop she is taking, but when discovered behind the screen her face is pale as death. Mrs. Langtry has an excellent all- round company, though I think it is bus- j capable of improvement in some respects, and the effect of her performance is sometimes marred from want of sufficient support The dresses are new, appropriate, and of great richness many of them are triumphs of the costumier's skill and taste.- I am sure the Ottawa public will give her a hearty welcome, and that she will meet with the appreciation, as an artist, which she really deserves." i In the concluding son zone 3 of Lib now 1 pamphlet, "Dust of Gold," Mr. Ruskin, I after speaking of our Jobs by " helpless, ? reckless, needless death, the enduring torture at the bolted theatre door of the world, and of the staircase it has smoothed to Avernus," says:-"'L-w of Life 1' By the ship overwhelmed in the river, : shattered on the sea by the mine's blast, the earthquakes burial-you mourn for the multitude slain. You cheer the lifeboat's crew ; you hear with praise and joy of the rescue of one still breathing body more at the pit's mouth and all the while, for one soul that is saved from the momentary passing away (according to your need to be with its God the lost souls, yet locked in their polluted 1 flesh, haunt with worse than kIiobIb the shadows of your churches and the corners of your streets and your weary children watch, with no memory of Jerusalem, and no hope of return from their captivity, I the weltering to the son of your Waters of 1 Babylon." That every one knows how quickly a I ' ' rest, and be thankful " Beat becomes I disfigured by initials. Rather a good attempt to put a stop to the objectionable practice was made by the late Mr. Stir-1 ing, so well-known as the Chairman of I thoNorthBritisliKnilwayOo. Bisgrounds, I extending from Dunblane to Bridge of Allan, were open to the public on several days of the week and on some of the seats placed for the benefit of some of the visitors there was fastened a cast iron plate with this legend thereon " Never cut a friend." Could anyone disobey such a touching appeal at once a pin and an aphorism ? The model theatre is thus described The auditorium in the shape of an ellipse, with its major axis at right angles to the stage. The pit-goers to be accommodated in the upper parts of the house, to devote the floors to the stalls, the first circle round the same - being slightly raised above the last row of stalls, and the circles constructed on' cantilevers without columns. Speaking of melodrama, a Home paper says some hypercritical person has drawn up the following " paraphrases," which he thinks should disappear from the drama : -" Foiled ! Ah ! I see it all now. Flinty-hearted monster ! Leave me ; I would be alone. Another step, and you are lost ! Must we then separate for ever? I will defend my honour with my life. Child, you know not of what you speak. Baffled ! and by a boy-a beardless boy. For years I have hugged my awful secret to my breast. My time will crime and then beware ! What is this Blood ! There has been foul work here. He I a knock I I must hide ! but where ? Ah, in this recess I will be unable. Do not trifle with the girl I You shall marry Herbert Lancey, or leave my house for over 1 T will go to him-I will fall at his foot-I will entreat him to give us time to pay the mortgage, Ero yonder sun has sunk behind the western hills. How cold it is ! The wind cuts like a knife. My limbs are failing. O God ! might I die here alone I am but a poor working girl, my Lord ; but, oh, sir, I would rather be that than what your gold would make me" But if those were all eliminated, what would be left? An exchange has the following : "Mark Twain and a friend met at the Sherman House, Chicago, where Gough, the temperance advocate, was also staying at the time, and concluded to amuse themselves by sending a * cocktail to Gough's room. On its arrival there, it was of course refused ; but the waiter drank it on the way down stairs, and reported All right to the delighted humourists. A second and a third ' cock till' were taken up, and disposed of in like manner, when Gough appeared on the scene, and spoiled the joke by expos- ing the craft of the waiter, whom he had followed, and detected in the act of swal- lowing the last beverage." - One of the cases before the mayor recently, of more than ordinary interest, was that of Rufus Hood (coloured), who was charged with an affray with Sell's little elephant, and the facts brought out on the trial proved that the fight between the elephant and the man was a severe one and therefore, that the man whipped the elephant. Reed, who is a tall music in' coloured man, had been giving the elephant a few apples, handing it all except one, which he put in his vest pocket. While his attention was turned the elephant reached out his trunk, and, getting hold of Rufus' pocket, tried to pull the apple out, tearing the vast nearly off before the wearer's attention was turned to the elephant's prank. Seizing the elephant's trunk ("snout " Reed called it, he tried to wrench his vest and the apple away from it, but the elephant drew its trunk away from Reed's hands, and swinging it around, gave him a terrible blow on the side of the head. Read drew back and felled the elephant to the ground with a blow from his fist, delivered over the eye. The elephant's hooper then attacked Reed, and Road knocked him down. In the meantime the elephant had regained his legs, and gave Reed another blow on the side. Rood was now the ruughlyexnsporated, and actually knocked the elephant over on its back, and then left the tent. As the elephant had left the city and could not appear in Court yesterday, the Mayor took Reed's statement and let him off lightly, feeling that the elephant deserved the flogging. Reed is a powerfully-built man, and is something of a giant in proportions. He is the man who had the fight with the year, in which the body was killed at Lowell, some months ago. His fight with the elephant was witnessed by a number of our citizens -Charlotte Journal-Observer, U.S.A. Flxes Ahu Boas, beetles, insects, roaches, ants, bed-bugs, rats, mice, gophers, jack-rabbits, cleared, out by "Rough on IbiU." Shows, Moss and Co., Sydney, General! Agents. 