CORRESPONDENCE. The Editor does not necessarily identify himself with the opinions expressed by Correspondents. CHURCH SECESSIONS. (To the Editor of the Chronicle J Sib, — Io your issue of tbe 15th I noticed a paragraph announcing that the Bev. B. W. Clinch. Baptist Minister, *^ilary borough, is about to transfer his servieffto tbe Church of Ed eland. I have not the pleasure of knowing the Rev. Mr. Clinch personally, but from th^ reports of his work which have appeared in the various issues of your excellent paper, I have hitherto respected both him and bis work. But, sir, theee resignations oi young ministers of the mictions entrusted to them by the Church which has, at great expense and sacrifice, trained \- and equipped thorn for that mission, are be coming so numerous that I think the public, wbo contribute to the support of these institu tions, are entitle! to as't a few questions re specting it. I wish in my remarks to be quite understood as having no special reference to tbe merits or otherwise of Mr. Clinch's case (individually), for as I said before I know no thing of the reverend gentleman beyond what I have read from time to time in tbe Chronicle , where I have learned that Mr. Clinch was trained at Mr. Spurgeon's College for tho Bap tist ministry. That fact you put forth in a kindly written paragraph announcing that the Rev. Mr. Clinch was expected to arrive in Maryborough within a few days whose mission was to labor in tbe interest of the Baptist Church. Mr. Clinch arrived and opened his mission, according to announcement, from that time to tbe present ; tbe subjects of bis discourses have been announced in the papers, and the manner of dealing with them favourably commented upon. I have enter tained the highest respect for him and his work, and perhaps what has tended veiy much to strengthen my respect for Mr. Clinch has been tbe faot of hiB having been trained under that most excelled man and wonderful preacher of the day, the Bev. C. H. Spurgeon. I mention these facts to show that I can possess nothing but the most kiodly feelings towards Mr. Clinch. His action, however, in retiring so soon from tbe church in which he has been trained suggests a very important principle which must be decided by answering a few questions. During tbe last twelve months I think something like a dozen young ministers who have been trained and brought out to tbe colonies at the expense of one church have re signed and gone into another soon after their arrival. The firet question which seems to strike me is, are not these rev. gentlemen under some grrater moral obligation to the church from which they have received so much and to which they owe all they have, than would appear from these early secessions therefrom. I noticed in a paper a few days ago that a young minister in New Zealand, who a few I months after his arrival seceded from tbe church which bad trained and brought him out, when asked the question how he proposed to deal with the sum of money which he had coBt his church, replied that when he was at College hn Occasionally preached, and that was an eqaival nt for his training, but, if so, on the same ground every lay preacher and worker is clearly entitled to a co.lege train ing. Tin fact is that these young gentlemen am trained and brought out for a s, ecifi: object, that ohj ct being the devotion of their life's scrvic^ to the wrk of their church This is the point to be decide 1 by tbe better feelings of these young clergyman, to whose conduct I have specially referred. There i6 another question coming out of (hi?, yet more serious, viz, the difficulty of recon ciling with the spirit of christiani'y how a minister can bo suddenly change hi* views upon vital points of doctrine and disci plin°, and sever bis connection with all his former religiouB associations. Tusis becoming- a terrible stumb. ling block to sincere seekers after truth, it is in fact regarded as au evidence of insincerity on the part of tbe sezeders Scoffers and infide's too are using these apparent inconsistencies as a powerful lever in tbe interest ot their cause. Some hitherto liberal subsciibeis to a fund for hringine nut trained ministers from home bave positively withdrawn their support on thrse gronn^s. Pesmit me Mr. Editor, in conclusion, to re peat that my remarks are geneia', ate in no way directed to the Rev Mr. Clinch's case individually, for I am cure n itbergool Bishop Hale or the Pev. Mr. Gva would rncourage an accession to the Anglican church which was not honorable in all its bearings. I am, yours, etc., I. Bekneit. Mount Perry, 18th Feb., 1884. Os Tuesday last Messrs. Bailey and Mellor» M.L.A.'s, waited on the Hon. tbe Colonial Secretary to by before him a scheme for the introduction into tbe colony of a number of middle class Danish farmers, tbe Danish people in the Wide Bay district having expressed their desire for such an immigration and agreed to the details of tbe scheme. The class proposed to be brought here are educated and skilled agriculturists possessed of moderate capital. The Colonial Secretary stated that this, with other proposals of a similar nature, should be carefully considered so soon as the close of tbe session would give him leisure to compare these proposals. — Telegraph. A cnrcEET match between the Queensland Club, of Maryborough, and the Bundaberg Club, is arranged to be played at Bundaberg on Easter Monday. The Australian Mutual Prqvidext Society. — Mr. A. Welleslcy Bogcrs has opened an office for the above Society in Bazaar-street, where every facility and information will be given to those wishing to assure their lives. Strange Inscboedination.— Who has not I experienced a sort of malady when all tb-; faculties seem in rebellion, an 1 labour is aoso* lutcly impos-iblc ? It is a condition of nerves and stomach and brain that can only be cured by the us; of that irresiBtabfe remedy, Hop Bitters. Beai. Oatabbh of the b'adder, stinging irritation* inflammation, all kidney and similar complaints cured by 'Bucbu Paiba.' Hoses too3S Sc Co. Sydney, general agents. 'Who steals my purse steals trash, Vs something, nothing. But b^ wbo filches from me my good name, Ate.1' Who brands some itnp'ire compound a6 Wolfe's Schnapps 'filches' from its good nime Skill jn the Wobk.~To do good wo'k the mechanic must bave good bealtb. If. long hou 8 of co* fiocment in close room* have en feebled his hand or dimmed his sight, let bim at once, and before some organic trouble appears, take plenty of Hop Bitterp. His 6yftem will be r-juvenated, his nerves strengthened, his sight becomes clear, and th? whole consti tution be built up to a higher worki gcon li ion, liea-l, Fliks and Bugs, beetles, ineects, roaches j nats, b-.'d*bugs, rats, mice, gophers, jack i rabbits, clcareJ out by 'Bough on Hats. I Moses Moss & Co., Syduey, General Agents. * : 