ROCKIIAMI'TON. TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1884. -* MORE than a fortnight has elapsed since we drew attention lo the state of affairs in Egypt. Events have moved rapidly since then, and the annihilation of the force under General Hicks has been fol- lowed by the utter rout of another Egyptian array, commanded by General Baker, or, as he is now commonly called, Baker Pasha. Happily from this second disaster, Baker Pasha, Colonel Sartorius and Colonel Burnaby have escaped, though seven English and ten foreign officers aie reported to be missing. The consequences are likely to be serious, for not only under present circumstances will it be impossible to send relief to the garrisons of Khartoum and Sennaar, but it is probable that the resources of the English Government will be somewhat severely taxed, in order to provide for the defence of Egypt Proper. The evacuation policy of Mr. Gladstone necessarily has to be suspended, and both men and money will be required in order to sustain thc waning authority of the Khedive throughout Egypt. That Mr. Gladstone is still resolved to adhere to the policy they have hitherto pursued, in regard to the attempt on the part of Egypt to annex that vast region known as the Soudan, is evident from that por- tion of the Queen's Speech referring to the subject, which was read at the opening of Parliament. ID addressing his constituents al Leeds a short time ago, Mr. Herbert Gladstone expressed an opinion that the best course for England to take in Egypt was to stand strongly on the defensive, and watch the course of events ; and to refrain, more- over, from embarking in any rash and hazardous military operation, which might carry our troops into the desert of Africa without any prospect of good results. There can be little doubt that the ideas to which he then gave utterance were the result of consultation with his father, and that they substantially embody the policy of the Government. Up to the present this policy has been acted upon, for it is well-known that the expedition undertaken by Hicks Pasha was discouraged by the English Govern- ment, and that the officers serving in the British army, who wished to join in it, were refused leave of absence. Whether indeed, it will be possible to limit the use of the British troops solely to the defence of the country remains yet to be seen. As for El Mahdi, he would seem to be proceeding with his work of con- solidating the territory he has conquered, with entire success. Not only has he met with no opposition, but he has been welcomed with enthusiasm everywhere his flag has been raised. Moreover, the only formidable rival, who might have had it in his power to have disputed his sway over the people of Upper Egypt, Mohamed-es-Senousoi, has given in his adhesion and joined his ranks, materially augmenting the forces under his com- mand. It may be well at the present moment to recall the antecedents of the disasters at El Obeid and Trinkital, which brought El Mahdi's operations into prominence. An account of these events in a communication, which an Abyssinian who signs himself " Habeb Habeshi," recently sent to the London Press, comes apropos. According to this letter, it was Baker Pasha who inflamed Ismail Pasha with the lust of Empire, by telegraphing him from Khartoum (on his return from Gondokoro) " Africa is yours to the Equator." In the summer of 1876, a detachment sent to take possession, consisting of some 450 men, under the command of Reschid Bey, was totally annihilated in the defiles of Kwara. Shortly after, another body of troops, variously estimated at from 500 to 750 men, met a similar fate at Aursa, while attempting to penetrate Southern Abyssinia from Tadjarrah, only fourteen men and one woman reaching the coast. A column of Egyptian troops 3,200 strong, well found with mountain guns, rockets, and Remington rifles, and commanded by Arakele Bey, nephew of Nubar Pasha and Colonel Arendrup, a Danish officer, crossed the Abyssinian frontier near Massowah on October 16, in the same year, on a similar expedition. Before the 10th of the next month this force was surrounded by an army under thc King of Abyssinia 70,000 strong. At 7 o'clock on the morning of the 16th thc advance guard of the invading army under Colonel Arendrup, numbering Soo men, was surprised, and within an hour was exterminated. At io o'clock the same morning, thc main body of the Egyptian troops were attacked in their entrenchments at Gundet, and by 2 '30 all was over-" Habib Habeshi " writes : " I was an eye-witness of the catastrophe, and counted the prisoners that were sent back-189 all told." A still larger expe- dition followed. Hassan Pasha, (son oí Ismail, and brother of the present Khe- dive) Ratib, Reschid, and Omar Pashas, with General Loring as Chief of the Stan", comprising over a score of American and European officers, led into Abyssinia the flower of the Egyptian army -and left them there ! From the expe- rience, and the fatal result of all these expeditions, it is evident that it would require a very powerful army to operate in the Soudan with the slightest chance of success, a perfectly organised expe- dition, under a very able General, with all the costly appliances of modern warfare. Such an expedition would cost England the expenditure of several millions, and therefore there can bc no wonder that thc present British Govern- ment have determined on standing on thc defensive. This resolution leaves the initiative solely to El Mahdi. It is open to him lo advance at once on Egypt, or to consolidate his power in the Soudan, and await a fitting oppor- tunity for attack. In the latter even- tuality, it will become incumbent on the British army to stay for as long a period, as their enemy chooses, which must be considered a most peculiar, and, happily, a most unusual situation. It will thus come to pass, in spite of the declaration in the Queen's Speech as to the positive withdrawal of the troops from Egypt, that circumstances will com- pel the maintenance of a British army of occupation for several years to come. It is evident that, even if El Mahdi brought his undisciplined hordes to the attack at an early moment, and was re- pulsed, his forces could not be crushed and disperser] without an advance of an English force into the interior. Failing this, the British must remain for an in- definite time in order to secure the safety of the Canal, and to protect British interests from any further attack. The Fabian policy of masterly inactivity thus becomes a necessity, but it is a policy that some may believe will hatdly uphold the prestige of England among other nations. j OUR Blackall correspondent informs, aa by telegram that Alderman Slater has been elected Mayor of Blackall for tho cnrrent year. Alderman Slater, we may mention, ie a eon of Mr. T. H. Slater, jeweller, of Rock- hampton. Tim attondanco at tho Theatre Royal last night waa not large, bat those who wera present appeared to appreciate tho per- formance, "The Drunkard's Warning," which was oast as beforo, as regards tho main characters, was well played. A concert con- cluded the performance. Bv the Moreton, s.s., on Sunday thirty-two draught mares, several with foals at foot, were landed here to the consignment of Messrs. B. D. Morehead and Co. They were imme- diately taken to Mr. L, J, Smith's paddock et Lion Creek, where they will remain for a fow days prior to leaving for their destination, Leichhardt Downs. A CORRESPONDENT wishes ns to direct atten- tion to the fact that several alligators have been in the river at no great distance from town. Quite recently, while the wife of a> seleotor WSB fishing about eight miles up the river, a dog swimming in the water waa seised by a large alligator only a few «yards from the bank ; and another was seen in Lion Creek since. This should servo aa a warning to those who indulge in bathing in tho river. TUE waters in tho river subsidod very rapidly yesterday, and "at an early hour the tops of tho wharves were visible, Later in tho day tho Scottish Heio, Gauntlet, and the Moreton, s.s., were able to come alongside the wharf, and discharge cargo, though some I difficulty was experienced in getting it ashore as drays had to ooma through about two feet of water to get aloagsido tho wharves. The current was not nearly so strong as during the lott fow days, and we may now expect that the groater portion of the flood waters have by this time found their way to tho sea. TUE municipal auditors still continue their work. All the entries in the rato cash book have been added and checked into the general cash book, and thenoe to thc journal and ledger. The receipts for the past half-year are shown to have been-Archer Ward, £1G76 Hs. 2d.; Fitzroy Ward, £641 7a. lld.; Leichhardt Ward, £475 15s. 3d.; and special rates for all the wardB, £683 4s. Od.-making an aggregate revenue of £3180 Os. 10J. The rato ledgers were examiued, and each item paid iu found credited to the respectivo pro- perties, Tho receipt butts for moneys paid for carriers and cab Uoensos, sanitary works, registration of goats, and oommonage Bud pound fees were also checked off. TUE North Rockhampton Municipal Counoil, wo are pleased to hoar, have engaged for three months a houso recently erected by Mr. H. Medoraf, near the Friends' Meeting House, It is far more suitable for the transac- tion of business than the Foresters' Hall, being roomy and oool, and away from all clamour, such as was experienced before, which, with the great hont, made the few hours spent at each mpeting almost un- bearable. The first meeting af thc new Council will bo held in the now Ohamhers to- morrow afternoon at four o'clook. We are not aware what business is to bc transacted, but it is probable that the resignations of Aldermen Elliott, Patterson, and Norris will be received. THE usual monthly sitting of the Laud Court was held yesterday before Mr. Com- missioner Young. The following applications wera accepted conditionally :-J. S. B. Davis, 1430 acres, conditional, Watorpark ; W. M 'Millan, 160 acres, homestead, (Glenmore; W. G. Jackson, SO seres, conditional, Nichol- son. The applications of C. W, Pearce, G88 acres, conditional, Heathlands, and R. A. Hutton, 3G0 sores, conditional, Shoalwater, were acoepted os amended ; but those of T. W. Dodson, 340 acroB, conditional, Barmoyea, and M. M. J. Costello, 1280 acres, conditional selection within homestead area, Cawarral, were rejeoted, and the latter fined £1 for non- attendance. Certificates were grantod suhjoot to inspection to Daniel Mahony, 1G0 acres, conditional, Cecil ; and F. N. Geusou, 107 acres, conditional, Nicholson. MR. W. DAVIS, contractor for the construc- tion of the telegraph line between Pine Hill and Jericho, who arrived in town yesterday from tho former placo, informs us that grass and water are very scarce between tho two pisces, except at Companion Creek, where there is a lair supply of grass. Water bas to be carted about six miles to meet the. requirements o£ tho men working along the line of route. Tho total length of tho line is 63 miles and 32 chains, and the poles are erected for a distance of seventeen milos from the terminus of thc railway. In a week, should good weather prevail, Mr. Davis will overtake the dearers, who are only about two miles beyond Companion Crook ; and the erec- tion of the lino will bc completed in about four months. Tho lato rains do not seem to have extended so far as Companion Creek, as Mr. Davis states that rain did not fall except au Thursday, 31st January, when the downpour was vory heavy, though not sufficient to make any of thc «reeks ia that locality run. TnK usual monthly practice of the Fire Brigade came elf last evening, when there was a good muster of members. Num- bers 1, 2, and 4 ucl companies, under tho command of Captains Murtón, Cheshire, and Superintendent Wakefield respectively, went from the Station to Bast-street, turned on a jct of water, made up thc hoso, and returned in live minutes. Tho engine company, under Captain Brewer, executed rt similar performance, in five and three-quarter minutes. Aftor thc practice tho members adjourned to tho hall, and held their monthly meeting. Superintendent Wakefield occupied thc chair, ami there were twenty-six members present all told. Tho Secretary, Mr. Spencer, read thc minutes of thc previous meeting, which were confirmed. Thc nomina- tion of officers for thc ensuing twelve months were proceeded with ; after which tho com- mittee appointed to revise the bye-laws pre- sented their new draft code, which was confirmed as read. Tho nanjeB of thc cindi datcs for oflico-boarers and a copy of the pro. posed rules will bo presented to the Buard for their approval. THE teodor of Motara, Bashford and Co. i bag boon accepted for tba construction ol tho* first section of tho Cooktown Railway, 31 mile 36 chaina long ; amount of ¿ender*, £109,483 17s. lld. ' 'v*.' . A SPECIAL meeting of thc mombors of the Leichhardt and Douglas Lodges of Freemasons was held in the Masonic Hall last evening to do honour to Bro. P. Downer, P.S.W. Bro: A. F. Finney, W.M. of Leichhardt Lodge,' oocupied the chair, and presented Bro. Downer with an address testifying to bis . efficiency as an officer and os a member of thc lodge, and a gold suite, consisting of studs aud links, on which were engraved tho monograms of the masonie order. The Chairman, in making the presentation, wished Bro. Downer a pleasant voyage, and a speedy return to Rockhampton. The re- cipient returnod thanks in a few appropriate remarks, «tating he did not fool aa though he deserved their good wishes ; ho waa glad, however, to think he bad merited the gift, not for its intrinsic value, bat for the spirit in which it was given. Ho intended to visit variouB lodges in tho course of bis tour, and make comparative statements with reforence. to the working of the Queensland lodges and tboso in Europe, We understand that , JW . address hos also boon prepared for presenta- tion to Bro. X. W. Miller, but as he was i unable to attend, opportunity will be taken to present it to him proviens to his departure for I Sydney in tho Burwah, s.a., cn route for Europe. Thc Government Gazette of Saturday last containa the following notifications :-Con- stable J, J. E. Williams, to be inspeotor of alaughtar-houses and of. cattle intended for'1 slaughter at Comet, in the room of Senior constable Hagerty, retired ; George Raves; to bo registrar of births, deaths, and marriages at Blackwater for tho registry district of Peak Dawns, ia the room of C. Herbert, trans-' forred ; A. E. W. Blackburn, to be a Govern- ment agent on tho supernumerary staff to accompany vessels licensed to carry Pacific Island labourers ; Charles C. Horrocks, to be acting Immigration Agent during the absence on leave of the Immigration Agent ; George L. Golden, to be appraiser of runs under pro- visions of section 8 of the Settled District» PaBtorial Leases Act of 1878 Amendment Act of 1882 ; S. Neville, to be poundkeeper. Blackall ; E. Markwell, to be bailiff of Small Debts Court, Blackall ;.W. T, Ketteringham, to bo poundkeeper, Isisford. The .appoint-. mont of G. Alcuin aa a momb'er foV No. 3 subdivieion of Bauhinia is approved ,p£ J. Macalister, Clerk of Petty Sessions, Gladstone, is appointed -a Commissioner for Affidavits. The resignation of John A. M'Arthur of his . office si i magistrate of the territory is accepted. The following lands have been ! temporarily reserved :-About 950.acres for; timber,' on the Six-mile Creek, parish of Ultimo ; about 300 acres for ' camping, on Atherton's or Alligator Creek, parish of Home- bush. Seven acres sra permanently .reserved for a school at Bogantungan.- Alexander S. Ogg, of Kookhamptqn, has boon' admitted as a duly qualified medical practitioner. 