. NEWS OF'. THE DAY' THE Bankruptcy Court has given directions for the compulsory liquidation of the Oriental Bank. At New York the financial panic continues with unabated severity, and the President of the New York Stock Exchange has suspended payment. Other failures are thought to be imminent. The Duke of Marlborough, as descendant, in the female line of the great Duke of Marlborough, has enjoyed a pension of £5000 a year ; but according to one of our cablegrams this morning he and his family have agreed to accept an offer from the Imperial Government to commute this pension by the payment of 107, 000. Regarding affairs in the Soudan, we learn that the Governor of Dongola has been authorised to withdraw with the garrison should he find himself unable to resist the attacks of the hostile natives, as it is impossible for the Egyptian Government to afford him. relief. The Australian Eleven commenced their second match in England on Thursday against on eleven of Oxford University. The weather was cold and in demand, and the ground was not in first class order, the wicket being somewhat bumpy. The Australians went to the wickets first, Bannerman again made the leading score, viz., 32, caught out. Blackburn and Midwinter made 20 each. The bowling of the Oxford team was dead on the wicket. Their fielding was excellent, and much admired and applauded. The Australian innings closed for 148. Oxford then went in, and the wickets commenced falling rapidly until four had been taken when OBtain and Gage got together and played well. The former was not out for 51. When play was stopped for the day Oxford had made 106 for four wickets. THE anxiety of the Legislative Assembly to get on with the public business on a Friday was proved by the waste of all the earlier part of the sitting yesterday in discussing all sorts of things under cover of a motion for the adjournment of the House. It was stated by Mr Speaker that his Excellency had assented to five bills of which the Sydney University Extension Bill was was one. Mr. H. B. Smith's Electoral Act Amendment Bill was discussed at very considerable length. The bill, which provides for the repeal of what are known as the expansive clauses of the original Act, was eventually read the second time. Mr. Olliffe moved the second reading of the Licensing Act Amendment Bill, and the debate was adjourned, the House rising at about 20 minutes past midnight. THE Colonial Secretary has received a telegram from Sir Saul Samuel intimating that the immigrant vessel Abergeldie, with immigrants on board, equalling 602 adultB, sailed for this colony on the 13th instant. A SCORAH received by the Chief Inspector of Stock from Balranald, dated the 14th instant, states that 2 inches 10 points of rain had fallen there since the last report forwarded, that the stock were looking very bad, and that numbers of them would die from the cold. YESTERDAY a notice containing the following intima- tion was posted on the walls of the barracks where the unemployed have of late been sheltered :-" It having come to the knowledge of the Colonial Secretary that certain contractors have offered through Messrs. Gas and Patterson 6s. and (3s 6d. for day work, and for piecework rates at which by fair work similar wages can be made, without any one of the unemployed responding, this is to give notice that no further relief will be given at these rooms after Monday morning next. (Signed) ALEX. STUART, Colonial Secretary." It has been announced for days past that employment could be obtained as follows 3-24 mon for Liverpool, for clearing by contract ; 24 for Yass, at 6s. and 6s. 6d. per day 6 24 for Gunning, at 6s. and 6?, 6d. per day. ' Free passes were to be granted to the men, who were also to receive their wages weekly. The Government have become conscious that the great distress which existed a short time ago has been to a considerable extent alleviated. The larger number of men willing to work have already obtained employment. During the last three days 59 men have been wanted for road work at prices varying from 6s to 6s. 6d. per day, with tools found, and free passes for various parts of the colony. Notwithstanding this, however, there has been no response from the men, a large number of whom prefer to parade the streets and assembled at the statue to listen to harangues of a disreputable, inflammatory, and even seditious description, rather than go to work. It cannot be supposed that such men will receive any sympathy whatever from the public. The Government have now dispensed with the services of Messrs. Gilliver, Gee, and A. M. Paterson, as it is considered unnecessary to retain their services any longer. The 66 contributed by some one anonymously to Mr, Critchett Walker, Principal Under-Secretary, for the benefit of the unemployed, and which was handed by him to the Inspector- General, since been handed to Mr. Flower for the benefit of the unemployed. THE proclamation respecting the postponement of the Queen's Birthday observances from the 24th May to the 28th June makes no reference to the bank holiday. In Queensland the latter date has been proclaimed a bank holiday instead of the 24th May. Under the Bank Holidays Act of this colony, the Governor, with the advice of the Executive Council, has power to declare, by proclamation in the Government Gazette published not less than a week before the day appointed for such holiday, that such day shall not be a holiday, and that some other day shall be chosen instead. It would seem, therefore, that unless a proclamation shall issue to-day, the 24th May will be a bank holiday under the law, WITH reference to a proclamation issued on the 13th instant, announcing that the 22nd May would be observed as a public holiday in the districts of Penrith, Windsor, Camden, and Parramatta, on the occasion of the Nepean regatta, a second proclamation was issued yesterday cancelling the former one so far as it related to Parramatta, The proclamation will remain as before in regard to the other districts mentioned. Otra correspondent at Home gives on account of the discovery during the present excavations below the Palatine Hill, of an earthen vessel containing a number of Anglo-Saxon coins, which he says " throws light upon the vicissitudes of the Papacy during what is termed the dark ages.'' There is one gold coin and the remainder (882) are silver, and some of them range from Alfred the Great to "Edmund" I., and were current coins of England, This interesting paper will be found in another column of to-day's Herald?, under the heading " A Pot of Money." OUR Special Commissioner to the Dry Country is now in the midst of the rabbit- infested districts, and his letter, which appears in another column, contains much valuable information in reference to operations under the Rabbit Nuisance Prevention Act. IN the tenth article by our special commissioner on New Caledonia and its Penal Settlement" an interesting description is given of a visit paid to the Fontenoy, the transport vessel which arrived last month at Noumea. Some valuable statistics, showing the number, age, and crimes of the transports by the Fontenoy and the preceding transport vessel, are also included, and show how dangerous to their neighbours is the element out of which the French are attempting to form their colony. By these statistics it will be seen that nearly 75 percent, of the convicts transported are between the ages of 20 and 30 years. They are men in the full vigour of life, and with all the motives of [youth and the prospect of many years of life to escape from the prison to which they have been condemned. THE tramway to Bondi will be opened on the 24th instant. The fares will remain as at present to Waverley ; the fare from the Waverley Tea Gardens to Bondi will be 2d. A moTION for a rule nisi to set aside the decision of Mr. District Court Judge Wilkinson, delivered a short time back in the action Ezold v. Stephen, was made yesterday in Banco. The action, it may be remembered, was one brought by a pianoforte dealer against the official assignee of an insolvent estate, to recover the value of a pianoforte which had been hired or sold to the insolvent on the time payment system. In the District Court evidence of a custom existing among pianoforte dealers in reference to the sale of instruments by periodical payments and under a special contract or agreement was given, and it was contended that this agreement gave the seller control over the instrument so Bold and power to take possession in case of default on the part of the buyer. It was, however, held by the Judge that such a custom did not take the property out of the " order and disposition " of the insolvent under the terms of the Insolvency Act. The Court granted the rule it's returnable on the first day of next term, when the soundness or other wise of his Honor's decision will be argued. His Honor the Primary Judge dealt with a number of generals motions in Equity. An attachment was ordered to be issued against John Callan, teamster, of Walgett, for using a tank belonging to Messrs Gilchrist, Watt, and Co., on Llarello station, contrary to the decree of the Court in the suit Watt v. Callan. The injunction matter Holcombe v. the Borough of Newcastle occupied some time, and ultimately an adjournment was consented to in order that consent might be obtained to treat the matter as a motion for decree. The Full Court will deal with Equity appeals next week, there being one suit for judgment and five for hearing. The Primary Judge will continue the trial of Lyons and another v. Erwin, and Mr. Justice Windeyer will take a long list of TMvoroe trials. His Honor granted a rule nisi in Kirby v. Rigby, calling upon the plaintiff to show cause on Friday next why the petition should not be dismissed. An order for alimony was made in Backhouse v. Backhouse A COMMANDANT'S parade of the local forces will take place this afternoon on Moore Park in-. review order. The parade will be formed up inline of quarter column, facing westward, by half-past 3, in the following order Field battery of New South Wales Artillery, 4 guns and horses, on the right ; Permanent Artillery, with rifles; Volunteer Artillery, with rifles ; | Torpedo Corps, Engineers, 1st Regiment, 2nd Regiment; Field Battery of Volunteer Artillery, 4 guns and horses, on the left. Six rounds of blank ammunition per gun and six rounds for each rifle will be issued. The general parade, ordered for the 24th instant has been postponed to the 28th June. THE usual monthly meeting of the Benevolent Society was held at the Asylum on Tuesday afternoon. There were present Dr. A. Renwick, president; Dr. T. Hogg, vice-president ; L J. Josephson, hon. secretary and Messrs. H. Hargreaves, Joseph Graham, N. J. Mackenzie, John Hardie, E. T. Penfold, W. T. Poole, M.P., George Renwick, John Starkey, James Henry, F. Senior, H. P. Palser, R?. Abigail, M.P., and John Roseby. The minutes of the last meeting were read and confirmed. The return of the state of the Asylum showed that there remained on April 30 £12 women, 175 children. The President referred to the large number of women at present in the Asylum, which was considerably overcrowded, and that the matter should he represented to the Government. Considerable discussion took place, and it was decided that the medical officer draw up a report as to the present accommodation for so many inmates with a view to bringing the matter under the notice of the Government by deputation. The consideration of a letter from the Colonial Secretary with reference to the loss by this society of certain police court fines under the new Licensing Act was read, and it was decided to bring this subject under the Colonial Secretary's notice by the foregoing deputation. The monthly medical report was read, salaries and accounts amounting to £705 Is. 6d. were passed and ordered to be paid. The return of outdoor relief for the month was read, showing the weekly average number of cases relieved to have been 209, at a total cost of £238 7s. 9d. The library return was read. A letter from Mr. W. Weir, contractor for meat to the institution, asking (consequent on the extraordinary high price of stock), for an advance of one halfpenny per lb. on his contract price was read, and it was agreed that Mr, Weir should receive a bonus of one halfpenny per lb. for the months of May, June, and July. A. S_T.CT_._. service was held at the Church of S.S. Simon and Jude, Campbell- street, Surry Hills, last evening. The service had reference to a proposal to purchase the land immediately in front of the church, the intention being to enlarge the building. The Primate preached, basing his address upon Isaiah live, 2, 3- Enlarge the place of thy tent, lengthen thy cords and strengthen thy stakes, for' thou shalt break forth on the right hand and on the left." At the conclusion of the service a public meeting was held, and was presided over by the incumbent, Mr. George Middleton. It was stated that the land in front of the church could be obtained for JEG50-£200 having to be paid in cash, and the balance to remain for three and four years at 6 per cent. and that the land would enable the church to be enlarged so that it I would afford accommodation for 1000 persons. There was upon the land a cottage, which was yielding a weekly rental of 14s. On the motion of Mr. W. E. Toose, seconded by Dr. George Marshall, it was resolved to purchase the land and subsequently a committee was appointed to make the necessary arrangements. About £73 was either promised or collected at the meeting, that sum being exclusive of the offertory taken at the service which preceded the meeting, On Wednesday evening a large audience assembled in the great hall of the School of Arts, Pitt-street, to hear a lecture on " Cookery," by Mrs. Story. Mr. Story gave an historical retrospect of the art, and considered it generally from hygienic, gastronomic, and practical points of view. The address, on the score of good sense, elegance of diction, and knowledge of the subject, left nothing to he desired, and frequently elicited lively manifestations of pleasure. The lecture touched in turn upon the various varieties of food, their special nutritive properties, those which were suitable for this climate, and those which were injurious, the dietary of the sick room, and the food most suitable for children to take to school ; the various methods of cooking, the qualities of stoves, the preparation of sauces, ice. The discourse was enlivened by telling anecdotes, and instances were quoted of accomplished women of the highest station who justly prided themselves on their skill in cookery and the order and perfection of their household arrangements. The preservation of food, in the law and cooked state was also touched upon. Altogether the lecture was of a comprehensive character, and revealed a thorough acquaintance with the subject. At the close of the lecture the chairman, Dr. Belgrave, congratulated the Sydney Technical College on the fact that the State Board had that afternoon appointed Mrs, Story to the charge of the department of domestic economy and cookery, The announcement was received with applause. It was agreed that steps should be taken to enable Mrs, Story to give on an early day a public demonstration of cookery suitable to the Australian climate, when arrangements will be made for enrolling students who desire to follow if the complete course of lectures. Wm__ the lecturers at the Technical College and School of Arts are constantly labouring to bring art into Australian homes, it is pleasant to know that manufacturer, in Europe realise that the artistic novelties which find such favour in London will be required here. The decoration of the dinner table has within the last decade greatly changed ; flowers, which have always been prominent, must now be arranged in vases of a prescribed height and shape and fashion ; moreover, requires that the glass shall be of a particular colour. Sets of decorative vases, candelabra, and flower stands are now made in rich ruby glass, in ruby with white fluted edges, ruby with ornamental designs in amber, and others in cut glass of such perfection in quality and workmanship that it is more costly than sterling silver. In the present day so much color is blended with the snowy linen for the table that salt- cellars, finger bow Is, and fruit dishes are made to match the decorative portion, and, where it is desired, the monogram of the owner can be engraved at a few hours' notice on these and the wine glasses required for ordinary use. Another variety is in ruby, with hand painted designs in gold and silver, In our advertising columns Messrs. Thos. Webb and Sons announce the arrival of specialties in this department, We have received a copy of the Australian Tdontli, otherwise called a " magazine for the younger members of the Church," At first the impression was that this little work was meant for all young persons embraced by the Christian Church in Australia ; but on looking further we discover that only the younger members of the Church of England are thought of. The larger constituency might be reached and benefited by a suitable publication; but perhaps the promoters of this are wise and right in selecting the smaller one. This magazine is projected under the conviction that " nothing emanating from the other end of the world can be perfectly fitted for the needs of young people of this end ;" and it is to be carried out " in a spirit that would fain be as deep and as high, as broad as true, and as loving as that of our own dear Mother Church of England." Art, literature, history, and science are to be traversed, and no uncertain sound is to be given. This first number leads off with an editorial flavoured with zeal, to the scope of which, however, are set decided restrictions. Tales in short chapters, short poems, and essays, some of which are excellent though rather heavy reading for the young, form the staple matter of this issue. Notes on ecclesiastical events during the month and correspondence complete the number. Should this magazine succeed in stimulating a desire for healthier reading than that which young people are believed to love best, it will do a good work. It is edited by Mrs. Richard P.. Armstrong, who has amongst her promoters and aub scribers nearly all the Anglican bishops in the colonies. The effort deserves success, both for the spirit of it and the quality of the work, of which this first issue may, we presume, be taken as a fair specimen. The unfortunate man Christopher Jansen, whose death was the result of a fall from a building in York street in course of erection for Messrs. Lassetter and Co., will be accorded a funeral with naval honours, the deceased being a member of the Naval Brigade. An advertisement elsewhere announces the time and place from which the funeral will move, and in order to admit of a full attendance, as well as a mark of respect, Captain Hixson has ordered a postponement of the practice of the Rifle Club, of which James was a promising marksman. An accident, which will probably be attended with fatal result. occurred yesterday on the Illawarra, railway line to a youth named Alfred O'Brien. He attempted to get into a railway truck conveying work- men to St. Peters, but unfortunately he fell, and the truck passed over his right leg and arm, nearly severing those limbs from the body. He was immediately conveyed to the Prince Alfred Hospital, where it was found that both limbs had been so severely injured as to necessitate amputation. The operation was success fully performed, but up to a late hour last night the poor boy was in a very critical condition. Is commenting on the result of the debate on the new rules of procedure, the Brisbane, Courier of May 3 observes:-"Mr. Barton is a lawyer, and besides, is supported by many high authorities in his reading of the first standing order. Under the circumstances we shall not attempt to differ from him in that particular ; but if these new rules have been the law of New South Wales over since they were adopted by the HOUSE of Commons, why have they not been acted, upon before ? Is the law to be inoperative until the Speaker breathed into it the breath of life ? And does it then become a living force, whether the Assembly sanction it or not. The Assembly have it in their power to disallow any such rule by substituting a standing order, framed by themselves, in place of it. Should not they, then, be the interpreters of the meaning of a standing order, the intention of which is obscure, and which they may cancel whenever it suits them to do so According to Mr. Burton's ruling, this course of procedure would be contrary to law ; but would it be more so than the power he claims of making what he says is the law subservient to his will?" INFORMATION concerning the work done by and the cost of diamond drills and water augers belonging to the Government of Victoria (says the Age) has been applied for by the New South Wales Government. The following particulars have been supplied: The diamond drills were brought into use in August, 1878, and up to the end of 1883 the following expenditure had been incurred Purchase of 10 large drills and appliances, at £1250 each, £12,500 ; five small under- ground drills, with air-compressor, £1100 each, £5500; appliances imported, £3000; repairs and renewals, £16,000 ; diamonds, £22,000. The total distance bored by the drills during 1883 was 17,135 feet, but some of the drills worn unemployed for some time during" the year. The aggregate amount of boring done by all Government diamond drills Since their introduction into the colony is 65,775 feet, and the aggregate number of bores 274. The cost of working the drills in use during 1883 was £1/,200. The total expenditure incurred in connection with water boring machines up to the end of 1883 was as follows Cost of 3 colonial-made water augers at £300 each, 11 Tiffen auger at £190 each, 1 Tiffen auger and appliances at £535,13 hand augers at £7 10s, each, tubing about £500, and repairs and renewals £300, The returns of work done by the water augers during 1883 are not yet to band from the various shire councils to whom machines have been lent, but the aggregate amount of work done by them from the commencement up to the 18th June last is stated as follows: 330 bores put down, 24,403 feet distance bored, in 56 bores fresh water struck, in 167 bores salt or brackish water, in 106 bore no water. The cost of working the machines during the year 1883 was only £1120 17s. 3d., but several of them were unemployed from time to time. The Society of Science, Letters, and Art, of London (says the Morning ton News), have awarded their gold medal to Dr. George A. Tucker, F.R.S.L., of Sydney, in recognition of his services to science, in the " Care and Treatment of the insane and in consideration of the valuable statistical information he has collected during his visits to the various asylums throughout the world. An official report containing full details is being prepared by Dr. Tucker for the Government of New South Wales. Those of our medical men who maintain the right and the humanity of vivisection would do well (the Spectator says) to inquire into a case brought to light the other day by the Zoopliilist. It referred to a cast in the Scandinavian " Medical Archives," vol. xi., 1878 in which Dr. Salomonsen had descanted on the effects of giving milk or flesh taken from animals affected with tubercular disease, and had instanced the case of a Danish physician who had actually fed his own baby with milk from a consumptive cow, and had thereby produced a disease of the eyes (a scrofulous affection of the conjunctive) in his baby. The present writer confesses that he read this account with incredulity, believing that such conduct would be criminal under almost any European law, as well as guilty. He therefore begged the editor of the Zoophilist to verify the case, and a translation of the account is now before him, which looks authentic enough, The cow had long suffered from cough and slight inflammation of the lungs, and on its death a cavity of the size of a walnut was found in one of its lungs. Even after the death of this cow the unfortunate infant was not fed on wholesome food, but was fed from a cow which had inherited the tubercular diathesis from its mother (the one proved by the post-mortem to be affected with grave tubercular disease The Danish physician expressly states that all his other children were strong and healthy, so that no medical motive could be, attributed to the experiment. It is all very well to say that the new ethics which justify the passion for physiological experiment do not produce hardness of heart towards human beings. But how are such deeds as these, if they be not only true, but avowed before the world by those who do them, to be characterised ? Are not Englishmen as susceptible of hardness of heart as Danes ? A sv.TEn>-0 reform in the administration of justice (says the Glasgow Herald) is as much needed in the United States at the present moment as a cleansing of the Augean stable of Civil Service abuse. It is, indeed, more needed, for if once the idea gets abroad in a community that justice is not being done, then there is nothing for it but anarchy. Life, at least in society, becomes nothing better than an Egyptian save gut next. Of course, justice in its germ exists in the United States. The triumphs of Judge Lynch are themselves a proof of this, and American jurisprudence will stand comparison with that of any other country in the world. The judicial scandals which have borne such melancholy fruit in Ohio are of course due in the last resort to the languor and indifference displayed by American citizens generally to the beginning made in tampering with their legal institutions and principles. It is, in fact, the old story which is told by Mr. Herbert Spencer and by other observant visitors to the States. The American citizen is such a believer in the greatness of the Union, and is BO bent on Rolf advancement, that he regards diverg- ences from political or judicial rectitude as peccadilloes or trifles. Some day, unless such events as the Cincinnati riots give him a salutary shock, leading him up to undo his errors, he will wake up to find that the peccadilloes have swollen to crimes, and the trifles have become impregnable precedents. A SHORT time before going to press (states the 'fFajjia Advertiser of Thursday we heard that a gang of men sent up here at the expense of the Government, with tools for working, swags, eVc, exhibited signs of earliness more than the conduct of those who were supposed to be in need of a friend in time of distress. A report from undoubted authority reaches us to the effect that Mr. Meldrum, Government road superintendent, offered these men six shillings per day to commence work, and that they hesitated in accepting the terms, advancing stipulations on their part that they were to be paid at the termination of each day's work. Men employed by Government anywhere must well know that they would be regarded as safe customers by way storekeeper in the district, in being supplied upon " trust " for their immediate wants, Yet we are told that these new comers demand higher wages than the rates offered, and, if this be true, we have been much misinformed by the metropolitan papers. We gathered from recent accounts that they were deserving follows, and, if they happen to land in a country in time of extreme depression, Surely 6s. a day should be very acceptable. These men, we are informed, were industriously inclined and anxious for work. If so we hope to find proof of it by a a prompt and willing procedure to work at the fair terms of remuneration offered. Otherwise thousands have been maintained upon the actual state of affairs in connection with the new arrivals. Hor.r>i:t:s of life insurance policies (a London paper says) will do well to notice the case recently heard of Saunders v. Freeman, the latter representing an insurance office It appears that Saunders had a policy for £2500 on the life of an intemperate young man named Croueo. The insurance office t accepted Croueo's life, although it must have been plain, on medical examination, that the life was a very shaky one. From evidence given it was shown that, two years before, a doctor had warned the unfortunate youth that he would soon be dead. And yet the insurance office took no responsibility when accepting premiums on such a life. It refused to pay when Croueo died, on the ground that other offices more careful than itself-had previously not taken the risk when asked to do so, and that Close had not described himself as a drunkard. What man would do so, however? And ought not insurance offices to be required to take some responsibility ? It appears from the decision in this case that they take very little. Tim Pall Mall Gazette of March 29 writes : Lord Rosebery has made good use of his recent visit to Australia in bringing the subject of the deportation of French convicts before the House of Lords last night. Private information quite bears out all that Lord Rosebery said, and it is satisfactory to learn that a matter which is exciting such strong feelings in our Australian colonies has not escaped the attention of the Home Government, But the Australians will hardly he satisfied, we fear, with the assurance of the French Foreign Minister to Lord Lyons that it was the intention of the Government to send the great bulk of the convicts to French Guiana, and only a very small number to New Caledonia;' and the Government would do well to bring all the diplomatic pressure they can to bear against the use of New Caledonia By a penal settlement at all. The threat to exclude French ships from Australian ports was probably not seriously meant, but there is always a risk, as Lord Carnarvon said, of some strong measures being taken by the colonials which would involve us in considerable difficulties." Ox the subject of tourniquets, a London paper says : " We heard a few days since, by the way, of a rather odd development of surgical teaching. A class of ladies, students of the Ambulance Corps, had been carefully taught how, by means of a tied handkerchief, pad, and a ruler (to twist and so tighten the handker- chief), the bleeding of an artery in the arm or leg may be stopped. The remedy', unscientifically applied, is a little dangerous, and we recently heard of a Case in which where no artery had been wounded, strong but unnecessary pressure had nearly caused mortification. Bethia as it may, the extension of the method to the case next to be considered was certainly unexpected, and perhaps mistaken. ' How would you proceed, the ladies wore asked after wards in examination, in the case of a person bleeding from a bad wound in the head ? ' I would be a handkerchief round the neck,' came the answer, apply a pad to the throat, and with a ruler inserted under the knot at the back of the neck I would tighten the handkerchief until the bleeding ceased.' The remedy would be undoubtedly decisive." A TERRIBLE and distressing as is the intelligence of the civil war that broke out in the streets of Cincinnati, the incident (says the Pall Mall Gazette) is a good sign of the healthy nature of American democracy. This formidable attempt to lynch murderers who escape the penalty of their crimes is the natural method by which a democratic community seeks to slough off a foul disease. That the disease should exist in the serious thing, not the violence by which it is proposed to remedy the miscarriage of justice. Nor is there much danger that the democratic rough-and-ready resort to lynch law will work very serious harm when the authorities have the splendid nerve displayed by the men who cleared the streets of Cincinnati with a Gat- ing gun. The outbreak by itself would be alarming, and the shooting down of Victoria if it stood alone would be equally serious ; but taken together, one is the healthy corrective of the other, and the two will probably secure that all murderers in Cincinnati will be punctually hang, d for many a year to come. And that in itself is a great gain. A LONDON contemporary, commenting on the shooting powers of the regiments engaged at El Tab and at Tamar, dwells upon the extraordinary rain of lead poured in upon the Arabs by our soldiers: "That. shooting powers wore something unprecedented, and an eye-witness exclaims that the rebels went down like rabbits. It is a fact well worthy of a recording that the regiments which did this extraordinary work have for the past twelve months practised with Morris patent tubes for barrack drill. By the forethought of Lord Wolseley a supply of these tubes and something like half a million of cartridges were sent out to Egypt for the use of the men. The famous general at once saw the value of the invention, which is destined to effect a material change for the better in the shooting of our regular army, and took care that the men should have the benefit of it. The tubes, as many of our readers arrow, are made to carry a small bulleted cap with which the Soldier's fire at miniature targets. The tubes fit into the muzzles of ordinary military breech- loaders, and are fired with the ordinary trigger." It is a popular error (says London Figaro) to suppose that the Premier, or even the Lord Chancellor, is the best paid servant of the Crown. The Premier, in fact, only receives 2000 and an official residence since he had ceased to be Chancellor of the Exchequer ; whilst the Lord Chancellor is paid £1000 as Speaker of the Upper House, and £6000 in his judicial capacity that is to say, £10,000 in all. Now the Attorney-General's nominal salary is only £7000 per annum it is true ; but then, in addition to this, which is a kind of retaining fee, he is paid for all contentious Government business he transacts. Now, last year the fees for this business amounted to no less than £3710 10s. 11d., so that Sir Henry James received in all £10,710 ICa. lid. from Government, which is £710 odd more than the sum received by the legal chief, Lord Selborne A. 0. RANT urn writes in /Ciioi-Zceîjic on the extraordinary sunsets: There seems to be some evidence to show that brilliant sunset phenomena have been observed on former occasions in connection with volcanic eruptions. Gilbert White, of Selborne, in one of his letters to the Hon., Daines Barrington, describes the amazing and portentous phenomena ' observed in the summer of 1783. ' The sun at noon looked as blank as a clouded moon, and shod a rust- coloured ferruginous light on the ground, particularly lurid and blood coloured at racing and betting. The country people began to look with a superstitious awe at the red, lowering a speed of the sun and indeed, there was reason for the most enlightened person to be apprehensive, for all the while Calabria and part of Sicily were torn and convulsed with earthquakes, and about that juncture a volcano sprang out of the sea off the coast of Norway. There are many references to the great alarm which was caused all over Europe by the appearance of a rod fog,' which lasted during tho whole of the summer of 1783. Lalande ascribed it to the natural effect of a hot sun succeeding on a long period of heavy rain. Cowper refers to it in The Task,' Book II., lines t53 G5, which were written in the autumn of 1783, and speaks of the eruption with the unusual appearance of the sky and the dim and sickly appearance of the sun.'' THE Bishop of Sydney is to preach at Holy Trinity Church, Argyle-street, to- morrow morning, in aid of the Seamen's Mr. soon. THE following is the order of musical service at Sr. Andrew's Cathedral to- morrow afternoon :-" Magnificat" (Garrett's D; "NnnoDimittis" (Garrett), in F); anthem), Kent's, " Hear my Prayer, O God." THE following is the report of the Benevolent Asylum for the week ending May 14 Admits 2, 10 women, 13 children; births, 10 ; deaths, nil; remaining in the asylum, 108 women, 17-- children; provisions distributed, last loaves of bread, 9411b. Hour, 1911b. meat, 239 lb. sugar. 40lb. tea, 20th range, ISMb. rice, 4lb. oatmeal, lb. arrowroot: fresh applications for relief, 10; cage's reported by the inspector, 14: total number relieve-, 292. 