(Wktiraphic jjtars,, CABLE MESSAGES. THE POLITICAL CAMPAIGN. London. October 2. The Marquis of Salisbury addressed a meet ingof electoraatGlasgov. He declared that tbe Hooae of Lords woold not yield to the de mand of the House of Commons to pass the Franchise BQl in its present form. THE MELBOURNE TRAMWAY LOAN. Londos, October 3. The Commercial Bank will shortly issue the Melbourne Tramway loan. REPORTED ATTACK ON THE DUKE OP MANCHESTER. London', October 3. A cablegram has been published in the London papers stating that tha Duke of Manchester who is at present in Australia has been attacked by blacks. Tbe statement has caused much sensation and anxiety. A PRINCELY DONATION. London', Octobers. The late Mr. Erasmus Wilson left the Royal College of Surgeons £200,000. THE FRANCO-CHINESE DIFFICULTY. London, October 3. France requested Arnori-ra to mediate be tween the former country and China, on the Kama of £h£ indemnity dsnuuidfid. Chin&i; however, (scornfully refused to pay tbe in demnity nairMwi Honckono, October 5. Intelligence is to band tfa&t; Admiral Courbet is now attacking the north of the Island of Formosa. Tbe Chinese garrison offered considerable resistance, butafteraaharp engagement) the ^tamch commander suc ceeded in occupying two strategical positions. Tbe French loss was eighteen killed and woundsd, and the Ctuncpe casualties are estimated at fully two hundred. It is also annoonced *^°* Admiral Lsspes attacked. Tamsa another port in tine northern part of the Island which will be occupied. HoKCfcoso, October 6. Further intellise&ce; from K'**1n»p statGB that after the engagement previously re ported the French occupied tie place ; also that tbe Chinese butteries at Tumuli ill, which Admiral Lespes attacked have since been entirely ^'''''H**^ London, October 6. News is to hand from Formosa that Admiral Lespes has landed a force and occupied Port Tonon. THE BEV. C. STRONG. Losdok, October 4. The Rev. C. Strong will return to Mel bourne, but it is. doubtful whether he will remain there. London, October 8. The Rev. Charles Strong sails for Australia in the 8.8. Ganges on Thursday. THE SUGAR INDUSTRY. London, October 4. A company to purchase sugar estates in North Queensland has been registered with a capital of £150,000. THE SATURDAY REVIEW. The Salvrdag Review considers Mr. Stuarfe protest reasonable, and condemns the flippant suggestion that New South Wales can remain independent. Federation ought to be conditional on all the greater colonieB con THE RECTDIVISTE QUESTION. Lo!O-os, October 4. The Spectator believes it possible tbe red divistes will invade Australia by tbe thousand, despite the French guards. London, October 7. Lord Carnarvon, in replying to Mr. Service, rejoiceB that he has opposed the sinister pro posal to establish the worst form of penal oolonv close to Australia. NEW ZEALAND MAILS. London, October 4. Sir Francis Dillon Bell is urging the Treasury not to sustain the Right Hon. H. Fawcett's decision relative to mails arranged for Canada, Australia, Cape Colony, and New Zealand. EXHIBITION OF 18S6. London, October 4. Separate buildings are to be erected for the exhibition of 1886, in which Australia will have the best position. Tbe Prince of Wales desires there should be one large Australian collection separate from the Colonial Courts, and advisee the Royal Commission to delegate to the Agents-Genera! \ix sS»«£ TnwMtjyraari of the Colonial Courta. THE EGYPTIAN FINANCIAL DIFFICULTY. v't Londos, October 4. *' The French, Austrian, and Italian membera of tbe Egyptian Caissc de la Uetta Publiquc have commenced legal proceedings against th( Egyptian Government and others, to prevent that the suspension of payments of the Egyptain Revenue to the Caiase de la Dette Pubiioue was absolutely uecessaiY. Catbo, October 6. Nubar Pasha replies on behalf of the Egyptian Government to the protest of the great Powers that the suspen sion of the former mode of collecting tbe re venues was rendered absolutely oecessary by the fi'Q''al embamsments of the Treasury. London, October 7. Earl Granville has informed the Powers it is not necessary to further interfere with Egyptian finances to prevent the plundering of the revenue. THE SOUDAN EXPEDITION. London, October.1. The Time* states that General Lord Wolse ley will be summoned to England before the end of October, and that General Stephenson will succeed him in the Soudan. London, October 5. The Timn adheres to its statement that Lord Wolseley is about to be re-called from the Soudan. C\mo. October 6. General Lord W olseley continues to push forward to the front, and a telegram has been received reporting his arrival at Wady TTnlfn Lord Northbrook, the British High Com missioner has gone to Assouan. THE PACIFIC QUESTION. London, October 5. All the Agents-General excepting Sir Saul Samuel are desirious of having an interview with Eaxi Derby, in order to press on the settlement of tbe Pacific Islands Question. London, October 7. Mr. A. Stuart, Premier of N.S. Wales will not permit Sir Saol SamueL to join in the interview to Earl Derby respecting the New Guinea protectorate. London, October 8. Sir Saul Samuel has been instructed to join the other Agents-General in the arrange ments being made with respect to the question of the annexation or protection of flie Pacific Islands. An early interview with Lord Derby on the subject is expected. CHOLERA IN EUROPE. London, October 7. Latest reports show that cholera has ceased in Spain, and is abating in Italy. SHIPPING. Tbe B.LS.N. Co's. s.8. Roma arrived at Plymouth yesterday. The Merkara, s.s., left Port Said yesterday for Queensland ports. London, October 8. Tbe Merkara, B.B., left Suez on Tuesday, outward bound. MR. C. B. FISHES. London, October 7. Mr. C. B. Fisher has refused the offer of capitalists to form a company, with a capital of £100,000 to purchase hie stations. SIR WILLIAM M'ARTHUR. London, October 7. Sir William M'Arthur will not seek re election as member for Lambeth in the House of Commons, in consequence of ill-health. THE NEW GUINEA LABOUR TRADE. Londo-', October 7. News has been received that the worst abominations of slavery have been practised by recruiting vessels at New Guinea, and it is stated British protectiou is urgently needed on the southern coast of the Island. AUSTRALIAN AFFAIRS. London , October 7. Tbe Cabinet are discussing questions affect ing the Australian colonies. FINANCIAL. London-, October 7 It is expected the bank rate will shortly be fixed at 3 per cent. THE KHARTOUM EXPEDITION. Caibo, October 3. General Wolseley and staff started from Assouan to-day, for Wady Haifa- Lord North brook, the British High Commissioner starts from here for Upper Egypt on Monday. Adrices received by the Government to-day confirm the report of the re-capture of Berber. The Governor of Ambakol has sent a telegram reporting that General Gordon, accompanied by four steamersand a number of towing boats, arrived at Shendy, and found it was deserted by the rebels. They proceeded to Berber, stationed two steamers in the middle of tbe Nile, and bombarded the town. The inhabitants fled and carried away treasure. Having re-captured the town. General Gordon BuWsotteirtlv chastised Dialie&n.; London, October 3. Tbe TVme* this morning states that General Wolseley has been recalled from Upper Egypt, and that General Stephenson will assume command of the expedition to relieve Khartoum. The statement nude by the Times that Lord Wolseley had been recalled from Egypt, has been officially denied by the authorities. CAreo, October 7. Advices received report that General Gordon has safely returned to Khartoum after the recapture of Berber. A case of email-pox is reported to have oc curred in the first battallioo of the Royal Highlanders or Black Watch and the whole batallion has been placed in quarantine. Intelligence has been received reporting an accident has occurred to a party under Colonel Stewart, which recently went to Dongola. A eteamer was travelling on the way up the Nile, and struck on a rock. It is rumoured Colonel Stewart fell into the ViiVTiria of the Bedouins and was killed. Further details confirm the previous report of the murder of Colonel Stewart. It appears that after landing from the wrecked steamer he accepted the escort of a party of pro fessedly friendly Arabs, who treacherously attacked and murdered the entire party, in cluding the Surgeon -General and Principal Medical Officer of Egypt ArrttvT.Pi., October 9. The steamers Deccan and Australia which left England on the 26th ult., witb the men in tbe Camel Corps intended to be specially employed in the Khartoum Expedition, arrived to-day. Canadian boatmen, to the number of five hundred, have arrived, and will start with the Camel Corps by way of the Nile to morrow. GERMAN IMMIGRATION. London, October 7. The President of the Colonial Society, cautions German emigrants to Australia against Colonial fever. THE FRANCHISE BELL. London, October 7. The Standard advises the Tories not to entertain Ixwd Hartington's offer relative to the Franchise BUL NEW STEAMSHIP. London, October 7. The Canard liner Ombria attained a speed of twenty-four miles per hour on the trial PLORD NORTHBROOirS POLICY. London, October 6. Some of the recommendations ndi*!^*'*** by Lord Northbrook. the High Commissioner in Egypt, to the British Government, were made public to-day. Lord Northbrook proposes to abolish the present Egyptian Army, -and sub stitute a force of nine thousand police. It is stated, however, that this scheme is opposed by the Egyptian Government. THE CESAREWITCH STAKES. London, October 7. The Cesarewit. a Stakes -was ran to-day at Newmarket, and -esnlted as follows : — Mr. Hammond'^ b.c St Gatien {by Rotherhillor (.heRover— St. Editha) ... 1 Mr. — . ? *s Polemic ? 2 Mr. ? *s b.c. Arcbiduc (by Consul — The Abbess) ? 3 THE N.S.W. LOAN. London, October 7. The tenders for the N. S. Wales loan of £5,500,000 at three and a-half per ccat P6*' annum minimum, and which was tiied at 92, were opened to-day. The total amount sub scribed amounted to £13,700,000. Tenders 1 at £93 12s. 6d. receive 55 percent in full. | London, October 7. j The average quotation for the N.S.W. Loan wna about £93 13s. Gd., the maximum | tender being £9S. Las-Dos. October S. A syndicate which tendered for the entire loan his secured upwards of lialf. The rest remains on the market until absorbed. t A syndicate has offered to subscribe five )' million of the New South Wales loan. i CHOLERA- IN SPAIN. London, October S. Cholera is reported to have broken out at Barcelona. ORIENTAL BANK. London, October S. Mr. Justice Chitty will adjudicate on the Oriental Bank claims on tlie StH December. FIRST MERIDIAN CONFERENCE. London, Octobers. The First Meridian Conference will pro bably be fruitless. France opposes Green wich being mode the meridian point. THE FRENCH IN TOKQUIN. Paris, October 5. Advices from Toaquin state that an engage ment has recently taken place between the French and Chinese forces in that province. A large body of Chinese were advancing be tween Langson and Buclc (sic) when they en countered a body of men landed from a French gunboat, and severe fighting ensued. FATAL RAILWAY ACCIDENT. CaIjCutta, October 2. An accident occurred to-day on the Eastern Bengal Railway. It resulted in great loss of life. Two trains travelling in opposite direc tions near Aurungalta collided, and both trains were wrecked. Sixty passengers were kiUed or injured. German Consul, has been formally warned off Spece Lassec, one of the Orano l»|m^nt in ^hp vicinity of Angra Pequena, recently annexed for Germany by Dr. NachtigaL DISASTROUS FIRE Ilf DENMARK. Copenhagen, October 4. A destructive fire occurred in tins city to day, resulting in the total destruction of Amaliensbon- Palace, which was the resi dence of tbe Royal Family, and included the Danish Houses of Parliament. The amount of damage done was very large. 