dTttimb& Land tax. Income tax. Hail, smiling morn. Both Houses to-day. Summary to- morrow. A Colonial Treasurer. Outward mail to-morrow. 530 for the loss of e wickets. Payment of membsrs to-day. Last day of Criminal Sittings. Get your English letters ready. Inability, but not want of zeal. Murdoch 211 caught. Hurrah ! j Dog Bill referred to a Select Committee. Reduction in the price of gas. Not too soon. The Treasurer will not tax the poor man's beer. A land tax pure and simple and no exemptions. The Working Men's Club in troubled waters. The row about the Paradise Tramway is settled. What a pity Lavington is not here to help Johnnie. 10,000 has been added to population during last year. Queensland has had a shipment of destitute Egyptians. We puv £650,383 per annum interest on our bonded debt. Cash deficiency, £80 6s. lid.; missing furniture, £3610s. 9d. It is time'a stop was put to the vandalism on the Park Lands. Finances of late Government and Workmen's Club muddled. Mr. Hanker, jun., tried to put a stop to overcrowdinc, but failed. Secretary and Steward as much astonished as Auditors atVdeficiency. Tasmanian Bank robbery prosecution dropped with expedition. One of the Committee supplied cheese at 2d. per lb. under market price. Upper House will not allow Hyde Park tiam to go through the square. What sort of balance-sheet should we have if we had payment of members 1 The more that police scandal at Port Lincoln is stirred, the worse it stinks. A few months ago in America $2,509 was paid for a dog, and S3,500 for another. . Several who have proved their inability itering, have been re-elected on the Committee. n Licence-fee ZUezU, on tramcars reduced from nham eight and ten guineas a car to one guinea. Sun rose at 6.43 a.m.; sets at 6.25 p.m. Moon a will rise at midnight; sets at 11 a.m. One of the unemployed sent to Hergott Springs has'had to be returned as a lunatic. lting Melbourne Operative Bakers' Society in trouble. Secretary charged with embezzling £100. Germany has been supplying natives of New Britain and New Ireland with Snider rifles. Mr. Coglin wants to stir up the nuisance about the new Parliament Ho uses again. Don't. Only domestic servants and agricultural labourers on board immigrant ships on the way out. How would you like liquor containing the following ingredients—Strychnia, sulphuric acid, sugar of lead, stramonium, tobacco, and copper ? Late C. S. jibbed at the "sugar"-caateii pill administered in the Budget Speech yesterday. Tramway Bill passed through Committee; and not a word of sympathy for Town Clerk or his Council. The new Special Magistrate of the Northern Territory has raised a storm that will nob easily be allayed. . Was there any sufficient reason why the prisoner Mudie should be kept in suspense two months longer ? It will be a long time before the City olive plantations pay if the prevalent vandalism is allowed to continue. People who do not pay for their railway travelling are particularly critical of the accommodation provided. One thousand dollars is by no means an unusual price in America for a hunting dog of exceptionable attainments. Victorian Full Court established principle that Salvation Army must get permission before perambulating streets. Mr. Aretas Young scores one off the Judge, who is going to refer his communications with Doig to one of three tribunals. Even our most sacred spots—the Cemeteries —are not free from the acts of tbe vandals who are allowed to go about , unpunished. Professional gentlemen will be taxed 3d. in the pound, and 6d. will be levied on those who derive an income from invested capital. Treasurer accuses late Government of mismanaging the finances and thus causing deficiency. To this of course Mr. Bray said "No." In 1873-4 there were 527 sugar factories in France; in 1877 the number had fallen off to 501; and in 1882-3 the number had come down to 493. Cottage Homes Committee disappointed because some of our plutocrats have not given them sites in the city and suburbs for additional Homes. Victorian Australian Natives' Association forwarded address to Lord Rosebery in recognition of the interest displayed by him in Australian affairs. We rarely hear of acts of deliberate vandalism in continental countries—the peculiarity seems to be confined to the British n ition and its descendants. Either the late Government were ignorant of the late state of affairs or else they had deliberately tried to hoodwink tbe House, said Mr. Rounsevell yesterday. The French consume about 425,003 tons of their own beet-sugar, for which they pay to the producers fully double the price that would he given in other countries. Ten years ago the cashier of a Jersey Bank sold a hunting dog for $500, and the price was reported and commented upon from one end of the country to the other as the highest ever reached in America. One of the Madagascar chiefs is Ravelonansky, Andrianabiby is another, and a third is Rainibevovonanana. When the Malagese fight they cry ""V ictory for Ravelonansky and Andrianabiby ' and Rainibevovonanana and our hearths and homes at Antanairirevo." By the time they have got through the enemy are upon them. The progress of alcoholism—First generation—Moral depravity, alcoholic excess. Second generation—Drink mania, attacks of insanity, general paralysis. Third generation—Hypochondria, melancholia, apathy, and tendencies to murder. Fourth generation—Imbecility, idiotcy, and extinction of family. The Danish town of Veile has recognised the presence of girl bartenders as a cause of intemperance, by imposing restrictions on public-house keepers, who are forbidden by the town authorities to employ, servant-maids under the age of forty years! This provision, if copied in our laws, would probably meet the barmaid difficulty. Here is a short simple recipe for making old Jamaica rum:—Sixty gallons proof spirit aud one pound of rum essence (rum essence is composed from acetic ether, saltpetre, wine ether, butyric acid ether, birch- oil tincture, oak bark, &c.;, mixed). Very simple, but just think of drinking corn whisky, while supposing it to be Jamaica rum! Anniversaries—August 13. —Tiberius II, Emperor of the East, died at Constantinople, 582, after a reign of four years. _ He was equally extolled for his valour, his love of justice, and his clemency. He was succeeded by his son-in-law, Maurice the Capadocian. Louis II, Emperor of Germany, died at Milan, 875, in the 21st year of his reign, and was succeeded by Charles IL, King of France, surnamed the Bald. Cortez retook Mexico by storm, 1520. In the seige, it is stated that upwards of 100,000 of the unfortunate citizens perished by famine or the sword. Bittle of Blenheim, between the English and Confederates, commanded by the Duke of Marlborough, and the . French and Bavarians, under Marshall Tallard and the Elector of Bavaria. The latter were defeated with the loss of 12,000 killed and 13,000 prisoners, including Tallard himself, 170}. Queen Adelaide, Consort of William IV. of England, bom : 1702. Otto Von Riciter, the Rasaian traveller, died 1817, Railway to Kajpnndi 