O B A F E SHOT. The Mahdi has got a rebellion of bis own to look after now, and haB been obliged to retreat from the Egyptian outposts. Germany is establishing coaling stations for her navy in the New Britain Islands, which lie east of New Guinea. New bushranging case in Victoria, in the district which was once known as " Kelly-fornia." A Sydney steamer, after being ashore for three years, has been at last floated off. No indecent baste about this case of resnrrection. The engine driver killed in the late Queensland collision was a brother of Griffiths, the English professional cricketer. A cricket match for the benefit of the widow played in Brisbane. Queensland is generally considered to bavo an excellent supply of indigenous mosquitoes; nevertheless one more has just been imported. Its pro'-.oacis is charged with gun-cotton, and they call it a torpedo boat. The Charters Towers mines are still going ahead. The Day Dawn's dividends for the half year were £37,200, and other companies are getting 4oz. to the ton. Tasmania Bends a rifle team to compete in the Intercolonial Match at Sydney. The Port Adelaide Corporation has taken a steam-launch picnic to the Sewage Farm ontlet at Torrens Island, under the guise of an official inspection a6 a Board of Health. However, they had their reward, for it rained all the time. Bearded wheat on Garobrell's farm, Pirie, now ripe; grain firm and plump, short ears. Albumen paper, extensively used by photographers, is made out of the white of eggs—and some other things. The Danish medicos can drink. At a Copenhagen banquet tiiey managed on an average to get outside of three bettleB a man. The jury who sat on the body of the eocentric Victorian Bquatter whose decease was mixed up with a newly-made bride, a double- barrelled gun and a deposit of buck-shot in the abdomen, have returned an open verdict, with a leaning towards accidental death. S. A. Barracks, capable of seating 2,000, being built in Sydney. Sir 'Enery Parkes has laid the foundation stone, and the spectators " parted" handsomely when the hat was sent round. The collection realised £300. If the Salvation Army is needed anywhere, it is in Sydney. Photographs of the Protector, llin. ac 10in., are on sale in Adelaide. The Inheritance Bill, wlieh was read a second time on Thursday, provides that when a married woman dies intestate, her husband shall be entitled to one- third and her children to two-thirds of the property which she held in her own right. At present the husband is entitled to the whole. Tasmania proposes to spend £2,000 on the representation of her products at the Colonial Exhibition in London. Helen Vivian is starring in the rural districts once more with " East Lynne." Deputation of Anglican and Roman Catholic clergymen asked the Treasurer to exempt Church lands from taxation. Bounsevell obdurate. Rev. W. R. Fletcher, Vice-Chancellor of the University, lectures the Shakespeare Society on Hamlet. Deputation askiDg that the Prince Alfred and St. Peter's College lands should be exempted from taxation failed, to convince the Treasurer. Ebenezer Ward was complaining to the House, of the Marine Board's treatment of Port Germein, wben the irrepressible Grainger seized theopportunity of making himself disagreeable, and objected to the ventilation of the matter, as not in 8tri"t order. Mr Rouneevell informs the Protectionist deputation that the Government will not revise the tariff just now, but will think it over in the recess. The crew of the Palmerston, who were displaced by Chinamen as soon as their six months' agreement was up, ar disgusted with the way they have been treated. They weren't asked to Btay, nor any chance given them to prove that they could stand the climate, and the Chinese crew were engaged belorehand. The House is getting tired of the Taxation Bill, and wishes it were done with. Mr Bray intends, however, to make one more attempt to secure exemption for church lands and Benefit Societies' incomes. Great rumpus in the Territory about Pater's appointment to the Judgeship. It will take a vote of both Houses to move him from the Bench now; and really the Territorians have only bad manners, bad temper, and free speeches to complain about. The success of the French fleet in bombarding the Chinese forts at Kin Pai is said to be due to their having sneaked into the port as neutrals. They picked up 28 torpedoes in the channel. In declaring war on France, China maintains the sanctity of the treaty ports. The St. Peter's Old Collegians' Associa tion is ready to found a scholarship at the University. Billiard tournament for the championship of Australia to commence to night in the Temperance Hall, Melbourne. Six entries. The Redistribution of Seats Bill, which the Gladstone Ministry are to introduce after the Franchise Bill is passed, gives 460 members to Encland, 30 to Wales, 68 to Scotland, and 87 to Ireland. London will return one member ior every 80,000 inhabitants—that is to say abont 50 members. Great tornado and bail storm in the Ovens District, Victoria. Post office, jail, railway station unroofed, fences blown down, and roofs penetrated by hail. Another small-pox patient dead in Melbourne. The German war ships in the Pacific are not going to patronise Newcastle. Their c«al is to be sent out from Ham - burg. The Imperial Government and the Cape Colonists have agreed to keep the Boers out of the Reserve in Zululand. It is to be done by policemen and a few pieces of field artillery posted along the boundary. The Eastern telegraph companies really cannot afford to reduce their rates. Deaii heat for the Newmarket Cham- <pion Stakes between Tristan and Lucerne. This is E dead heat year in England ; ithere was.one in the Derby, and more fatal sunstrokes in London than can be reckoned up without an arithmeticon. Commodore Erekipe, commander of the Australian squadron, has received orders ito procei d to New Guinea, and formally place the Dark Island under British protection. iSands off, ye French, Dutch, 'German, *nd Italian annexomaniacs. Ida Wright, a Port Adelaide girl, has passed the compulsory standard exam, at the age of nine years and four months. Mr Malcolm offers to take 50 young and 50 breeding ostriches to Queensland, if the Government of that colony will cive him 10,000 acres to keep them on. Sydney chemist fined £20 for not entering a sale of poison on bis books, as the law directs. Though Riverina is already preparing for drought, the Tasmanian mountains are still snow-capt. The Bucephalus has brought 10 catm Is from Calcutta to Port Adelaide. They were landed on Friday in company with a select assortment of hy»»M, hog-fleer, pelicans, &c.;, for the Zoo. Clause added to the Pastoral Bill fixing minimum rental of 5s., a square mile for re-offered leases. The Government did not object. Second reading of the Taxation Bill carried without a division. Proposal to exempt from taxation lands used solely for religious and charitable purpoBCB, negatived by 22 to 16. Exemption for Corporation Lands also rejected by a large majority. Benefit Societies to pay Income tax. Mr Rees objects that the Taxation Bill will not make the Banks contribute in proper proportion to their profits. Anamendmentinthe Land Bill exempts the Crown from contributions to the Land tax in the case of credit selectors, who will therefore have to pay the whole of the tax, though not the actual, indefeasible proprietors of the land. ThecoBtof collecting the revenue raised under the Taxation Bill is estimated at £10,000 a year. The seamen who brought out the Protector are to get their month's wagfB bonus, as agreed on. Pity the payment was not made without such paltry higgling. The Protector carries 20 hands now, exclusive of officers. The S.A. Mercantile Marine Association declines to accede to the Marine Board's request for the names of the candidates for master's certificates who, it was alleged, had used "Aids to Memory" in their examinations. Mr Chappie, Headmaster of Prince Alfred College, has been edifying the Y.M.C.A. with " A talk about our Mother Tongue." The members of the British Association cannot afford either the time or the money to come to Melbourne for their next annual meeting. • An inch of rainfall on an acre of land would fill a 20 ft square tank to a depth of 9ft lin. General Maxwell, in a letter to the Times, suggests that New South Wales, New Zealand, and South Australia should change their names. What could we rechristen this colony ? The New South Wales 3} per cent, loan is a great succ-eBB ; realised nearly £2 over minimum. One syndicate tendered for five millions at £93 12s. Lord Carnarvon pats the Victorian Premier on the back, and exhorts him to keep on protesting again9t the French recidivistc scheme. Lyons & Fisher will not eell their Territory stations for £100,000. The Imperial Cabinet has actually and really wakened up at last to the fact that the Australian Colonies hive opinions about extra-colonial matters. An English paper Bays that the labor traffic in New Guinea is worse than the old African slave trade, and that England is bound to establish a protectorate over the island. The Colonial Society warns Bismarck to be careful what he is about now, that he is suffering from an acute attack of annexation fever. The captain of a Queensland pearling boat has blown bis brains ont at Thursday Island, Endeavour Strait -D.T. The natives arrested on charge of b< ing concerned in the Daly River murders are remanded for identification. The contractor for the Melbourne Parliament House, which has been in an unfinished state for years, declines to finish it. Says he can't get suitable stone. More sheep from Victoria have been landed at King Sound, on the north coaBt of Western Australia. Sydney has got ridof the small pox. The Anatomy Bill now virtually disposed of. Mr Burgoyne asks whether the Government will take Bteps to discontinue assisted immigration. A Port Lincoln boy fired off a gun that had been loaded three years. It burst, and seriously injured his mother and three of the children. The Yandnarie people want a road made to Poonana Reserve, so that they can get at the water thereon. Very reasonable request, and so Mr Play ford thought. e Mr Stuart, the N.S.W. Premier, has brought on an attack of paralysis through Parliamentary overwork. Telegrams of condolence are pouring in, and the symptoms are favoiable. Tasmanian women (bar barmaids) are not to be worked more than eight hours a day. The Adelaide Choral Society has per- formed the cantata " Evangeline" with gr'-at success. The City of Melbourne is about to figure as a borrower in the London money market. Rust has appeared in the wheat crops of Napperby, Telowie, and Baroota. The Master of the Melbourne Mint is in a private lunatic asylum. Tawhiao has left Sydney for his beloved Maori-land, in the Wakatipu. Sydney proposes to spend £100,000 in paving its streets with wooden blocks. Brisbane i6 going to invest £72,000 in a new Town Hall. Attack on the crew of a trading ketch by New Guinea natives. No white men killed. The absconding Guardian of a Liverpool Workhouse arrested in New Zealand. Hobart is to have an Academy of Music. Curious sort of title, considering the nse to which 6uch buildings are generally put. One of the tenders for the New South Wales loan at 3£ per cent, was £98—£6 above the minimum. The Btock has already gone up to £94 7s. 6d. — an advance of 13s. 6d. Cholera is still going ahead in Spain. It has now taken up its autumn quarters in Barcelona. The Lobetbal people ask that retaliatory dnties should be imposed on Victorian produce imported into this colony. Mr Gilbert wants to know how much the country will lose through Fulton & Co's tender for iron pipes being accepted. The cost of maintaining our Protector will be about £15,000 A year. So the premier says. Grainger darkly insinuates that it is not safe to trust to the sanity of the Commissioner of Lands. The Architect-in- Chief says he ca ventilate the Assembly room for £130. The Governor enthusiastically received at Auburn. The District Council and Agricultural Society presented complimentary addresses. Italy has been quite disorganised by the cholera. The peasants refused to take medicine and accused the doctors of poison ing them. In Calabria the people turned out with their shot guns and fusilladed every railway train that came along and every ship that caine into harbor. They would sooner shoot their visitors than run the risV of contagion being introduced by them. The Governor has given a ball; 150 couples gyrated on the light fantastic at the vice-regal mansion. The Yatina people complain that their water supply wants looking after, that the lessee of the Yatina well has let it go to ruin, and that a tank is wanted on Blackrock Plain. Sir W. McArthur and Mr Foster warn Lord Derby that he has fooled quite long enough with the Transvaal, and ti.at the Boers must be brought up to the bit sharply. It is now three weeks since the last Rmall pox patieut was removed from the Sydney sanatorium. New South Wales rejoicingly declares itself free from infe -tious disease. Out of 18 girlB in the Magill Industrial School, nine were found to be BU$eriog &0B) venereal dipespo. Parliamentary free lunch on board the Protector. The present and the ex Premier did the orating. Before the introduction of vaccination the deaths from small-pox in Europe U6cd to average 400,000 a year. Port Adelaide inaugurates an agitation on behalf of the Territory, which it is feared will be ruined by Chinese cheap labor. Mr Gladstone and Lord Derby are afraid that the British Lion canuot afford to place his protecting paws over the emerald islets of the amethyst Pacific. A London cablegram announces that the Willowie Pastoral Company is to be bought up by an English syndicate with a capital of £500,000. The Congo question to be settled by International Conference. Derby had settled everything quietly with Portugal, but Bismarck supervened, and the bargain was of course off. H. M. S. Nelson, now stationed at Hobart, is to have a new commander ; his name is Hamilton. The Register is prepared to thank the Duke of Manchester, if he can induce English capitalists to put money into the Territory; but objects strongly to his Grace becoming a large landed proprietor there. IB the Territorian coolie of the future to be a Hindoo, a Kanaka, or a Chinaman ? Mr Robert Whinham, of Whinham's College, suffering from a fractured skull. His horse bolted and threw him against a telegraph pole last Friday. Mr M. H. Davies has told the Destitute Commission, with reference to the Lock Hospital erected by the Government for the Reformatory, that " some nigger ought to wallopped for that there job." Interesting quotation, but still more interesting to ascertain the name of the " nigger." 