, , The proceeding! of some persons in conn=ction with ? the recent Sheffield Handioip euunot bo allowed to . , pass without some notire. That the; were rendered . . of no effect makes lit tie difference, save as showing ? gratifying alacrity on the part of the Hiverine Athletio Club, and tha parsons interested generally. in searching into the boua fides of competitors. To \- . A great extent any sporting olub must be passive. It must take the word of competitors It lies in the : (hands of the other competitors to point out nny lalie representations; and then tbe club can iwfc. Looking At the foots as proved, two very daring attempts were ' nufle.tr. impose upon the olub and the public i two ' attempts. that if successful would liaye been grossly unjust to the other competitor* and, to sporting men. iEho first of .these, was the attempt, Durtlj succe-sful, ..to hare c runner who garo the mime of 'Stone' ?'? (handicapped on two of bis parformauooii a' third, (though sent to Hay being withheld. But , the. most , ?extraor-iiuarj occurrence of all was that after 'Stone' liad been handicapped, and only one nomination fetu bj tbiifaforte, uq a leapod «»)(»ipnt,ion there wore found to bo two papers, giving three perform uncos. It ta difficult to find language to ' cUaruolmso mcli conduct, or to express Burprino nt it» being po-- »iblc. Tho possibility that nouiiuation papers 'an? thui bo tumpcrod with must havo turned the publio ngainst a sport already sufficiently abused, athletics. The perseverance of on.) or two gentleman ran this littlo game to earth md ' Stone' was disqualified. Hardly, however, had this incubus been removed when nnothor turned up. It was mainluine'l that, a person who had been entered as 'Coohrmiu' of Nur randero, was hot that individual, whose performance were known, but one of tho fastest runners in the colonies, who, had got in under a cloak; and it v/us affirmed, to*uchtuve this recourse waB had to a sort of wholesale hoodwinking. ' Cochrane' ran and wor; but w'len submitted lo thu crucial test of boing usKed lo sign u dcularution before a magistrate that' ho was tho Simon Ouro ' Couhranu' lie gave iu and tho imposition was discovered. We arn putting matters in the mildest way, but si ill our readers must leel shocked that, young Australian* should manifest riicli an utter wunt of principle, so inored'ble a de sire to win a few pounds ut thcoxpense of everything limt holds society logellicT. '1 he uccursed tliirbt for ^old appears to have poured these persons to every ponse of obligation ' o th ir fellows. It would scoui (hat sportinz, especially nthlutics, is looked upon at fair ground to do everything dishonorable: th.t sharp practice* which the Riime persons would never think of in connection with btiiinoss und private, affairs, is quite ullowable in loot laciiij,'. In fact the old proverb will liivo to bo ulte.'eit to ' ever) thing is. lair in lovr, w»r, nnd podestrianism.' The only consolation wo cjii dorive f oin I he affair is llmt the swift deled ion und punislinont wliiuh met the Beh'Miiers wi 1 dircourage others in luturo. At tl.o same limo we ereully question Mliethcr ulhleiius do not owe the [.r sent unJesiruble -t.to ol tilings to the high muney prizes olfered und tho bolting that takes place. It has been the invariable rule thut bating di6lrajs everything it touches. Jt was lioneil it would leave national sports alone, tut it. has no!, liorscruiiiif, athletic.', and rowing have fuccumbed to its upus^like influ ence, and ciickut u::d (oolball are utmost nitliin its fatal clutch. 1'resfinly it will leave us nothing. There, was a time when to bring a better lio-ao in1 o the field than other people or to defeat othor young men by strength, speed, or el ill in any pastime was thought an honor. 'JLh'it lime is gone; the only arulition now is to win a few miserable pieces of gold ; lo be ppcn1, gene'ully, in lolly. There is a view ot the maltertr.at cannot be overlooked. We (nil to s.o w -hat difference if liny exists between conspiracy to defraud unct attempting to obtain raonry under false prelcucus and thu manipulation of nomiuaiion papers, giving falso perlormanccs nmt personating another runner. We look upon any uroceeding which misleads an athletic club, other competitors and the public as essen tially criminal as the action of the poor creature who steals a loaf through hunger, and ii thousandfold worse. If in every such case the person attempting the game, or who was found out, was handed over lo the law and punished, it would probably clear the atmosphere at once. It there is no law to strike these persons, then the sooner one is passed the better. I? the bogus conference whioh was recently held in Sydney— bogus we call it, because from the first one of the most important parties to any project of federation; New South Wales, wis determined it should come to naught — did nothing else it resulted in the settling oi a vexed question, the existence of a province called Bive/ina. Up to this stage in our oiistencu there has existed an implicit belief on the part of the peop'e of Austmla.«ia that there is in New South Wales a rich province, fm: ed for wool and mutton, called Kivorina, because it is watered by tho three great rivers of the continent and their tributaries. Kiveiina, New England, the Barling Downs, Uippsland, and other provinces have alwavs stood ae distinct names Hut since the great Dav'ii Buchanan and- tho mighty Cameron hare pro claimed it in the Macquuric-street Aasomblv, all this is changed. Mrs Betsy Pii^ never proclaimed to Mrs Sairey Gamp thut ?? she did not believe there was no eich persing as Mrs Harris' as vociferously and volubly as these and other M.P.'s that such a place as Kiverina, did not exist; and so fur us they are concerned we may therefore look upon it as blotted out ol the map. There is no djub'. wo have long recognised that Sydney does not bcliovo. in the ex istence of Biverina : wo have teen that in the manner in which the publio money lias been expended. Despised Eiveri- a has filled the puise but verv little has be_ n retimed to her. She has been much in the popition of the person who presents aheavy lost purse to the owner and re eivrs threepence fora reward. But beneath the braggadocio of these gentlenion.when is tho King Cam ysos' vein, there lios a deeper meaning. When the Conference was sitting it was very difficult to grasp the molivesthat made the Sydney Parliament and people generally, and tho iferaW parliculuilv, eo liter against any-' thing tungible in tho shape of fedointion. Since then, tcwever, the real reasons huve leaked out. ; this true dread has been revoaled. It has become apparent that the fear that has paralysed the aged Herald and its friends iB that il the colonies were lederut-d, if a Federal Parliament, ui m,cd »-j!h povsjrs us supreme as those of the American Congress, were to hi brought into existence, there would be a redistribution of |.he territoiy. In tuch a body New South Wules would w- uld be in a minority and as yiulo'ii, Tasmania. undSouih Australia would certainly go against her, Victoria would get Itiverina, South Australia the territory west of the Dirling. and Queensland, New England. The great dread, however, ii that Vio to'ia wcuid snitch Biverina, that provinoj so dearly prized, so unjustly tnuted. We see no grounds (or the frantic terror of the Sydney party and its journal. The United States have exitte i for a hun dred years, vet tho boundaries of the thirteen original dates areas now. Provision Ojuld be made to pre vent any change : at least unless with the consent of thn local Parliament. It is a mere bugbear, and the dear old laiy in Hunter street and hcrgo«sitis should nottake a frjght that jnight injure her old nerves. She Bhould not take such wicked suggestions a (trt et a travera. Federation would not lead to djsinembermf nt, fo-- there would be no r.eocmif for jt. Australia* would become onr, trade an I coinrilgrc^ be allovfld to flow in their natural channel, and intercommuni cation would take place on natural cot arbitrary lines. Wi'hsuch a result it would be a matter ol indiflVence to which colony we nominally belonged} so that we were part of a Federated Australia. This receipts of the Hay J^nd Office for 1883 show a very remarkable decline compared wjth that in J882. Th8 following are the ggures;— Totnl ro ceipls on conditional purchases for the year 1883 at the Hav Grown (.and* Ofllce amounts'! to .£16 819 17s 4d(l882, £44,483 Ss lOd): amounts received from land ealos for same year accounted to £14,883 17s 6d 0882, £63,909 lCs lid). Sundry receipts, ^releases &c;, £5004 Us Bd (1882 £73981 4s 14.) Tjtal, £36,708 6s 2d (1889 £182,377 8s lOd. It bus been tt-ileil that tbi) Atlieuasuni Carnival, so nopular iu the past, is likely to fa revived this year though the matt'T wus not mentioned at the committee meeting on Thursday. Tub .Qotnmittae of the AlLnneBo.ru mot on Thurs day evening, and docjded lo hold the annual meeting; on the 21th inst. Some toutino business was gone through, accounts were passed, ?nd ft was decided to meet on the l?th to receive the Treasurer's balance sheet arid (lip Se,crjtarj's report. 'lHBcoremony of laying the foundation stone of the Cutliollc Churoh at Hillston took place during the visit of tha Revi. Murphy and Eiely to that town. There was a largo attendance. Tho Rev Futhor Uurphf eloquently discaursed on the insti tution of the Church of Christ, and made acloaranJ beautiful ef oBitiin of the doctrines and utility of tbe church, and (&VP; ,a history of its sufferings and final triumph /over pagan'jjpm. The Rev Father Kiely thanked all present, par^iculurjy'^bota flf pthcr de nominations who had given suoh countenance »nd support. Alter the ceremonies all present came forward and contrjbutod most generously. The mission in. Hilliton end Boojjgal has been a great - success .: the Catholics from all parts attending, glad ' of the opportunity to do their duties and to hear the eloquent Father Murphy. The rev, gentleman left Hiy on Wednesday utter a mo»L eucoessful visit, and currying with hjrn t.l.i.e goo't wishes of all who had madu his a(vfuaiujtaoae and heard his stirring, eloo uent, and unsectorian addre.nos, We woro shown a reminiesenei oi the put this week ol an interesting character; a silver tea and coffes service, on which is insoribsd : — '? Presented to Mr W. Honoyman by the liulliet Hiavers of the port of London under the 'Honourable Corporation of Trinity Huusiln i-ratoli)l louidiubranco of hisuni forni kindnnji anilnurt/ eo-opcratio'n iu'ali the ,ma-sunB which tsuded to the weltyrt pf ^hemselvei and families. Ballast Heavers' Offloe, Uatoliffe Cross, September 80th, 1863. X. Tighe .Vlynn, Kulori Henry Barthorp, Aesutant Riil«r.' This ttitiroonisl was presented to Mr Hyneymsn when I e left Trinity House on account of -1'— ItcalMi, wiih a view to sottla in AmtrulU. An aocn'1'1' '^ *he oreppntation ocoum iu the Eatt London Observer oe the 3rd Octob-r, 18fi3. Lookinj over thii journal of a byegone time it is remarkable to notice that three columns are devoted to au account of the state of the poor of JJuthnal Greed. We have here a description of which the recont artioles that hove made a sensation in the West End London \\-re-t- aro a mere repetition. Thirty rears have pussed in luxurious wealthy London and nothing has boei. done lo remedy the horrible state of things so graphically desoribod by the Oburver in 186'-. This is a ilNorodit to the metropolis of the world and to human'ty. Now that 1883 has olonod our settlers who havo kept records of tho rainfall would do well to foiward them to us. Such are ol great value, us they act. as a guide in future. New Yeab'b Ete Was spent very noisily in Hay, but owing to the octivo ? up'rvisiin of the police under Sergeant Devine few breaches of the peaoe occurred. The police while making every effort to secure ordor did not. unduly interif-re with genuine lun. There war, however, a soneuhat larrikinieh ouposinon in me crowa, ana cut twr The presence ot the polioo there is no telling to what ixtont they would huve gone. Tho favorite amusement wan knocking at the hotel doors and ' raising C iin' generally. The Hay Brass Bind played up and down the street followed by tbo admiring gamins. Sirs' Esplin generously kept an open liou--o for an hour. Tub Police Court sat on Thursday and was pre sid;dover by Mr Pearce, P.M. Joshua dwell was charged with assaulting John Porter, the District Court bailiff, while in the execution of his duty, l'orter was in posses-io'i, and Cowell on two occa sions attempted to evict him with violence, but failed. Defendant was fined 6s. 'David Jones was clurged wi'h being drunk and disorderly and resi.it ing the police on Wednesday evening, in iho Aca -d-»i[y of Music. It appeared that C-nstable Beed was in the theatre on that eveuing in plain clothes when au attempt was made by those in the bick seats tojeome to the second seats. Ueed cautioned defendant, who was one of the invuders, and told him lo return. Defendant not heeding the constable he told him he would put him out, when Jones re plied be could not and a scuffle took place, which ended in the constable ejecting the defendant, who on getting into the street began to Qi-ht. lie was then taken in oharge. He was Snnd 5i for drunktn ress, and 20» 'or resisting the police. On Friday, before Mr Pearoe, Mary Hamilton wn summoned by Harriett Macgregor for assault. This was u '' Cinip' case. No actual blows were struck, the tongue being relied upon as tho more effective weapon. The assault oonsisted of defendant run ning after plaintiff who took shelter in a neighbour's place. Defendant was fined 5s and 63 10J costs. Mary Ann Travis, a youthful member of tho ' Camp followers' was nuinmoned by Anne Knui Wing for using obscene language in Muideu Lane, a portion of the Chinese Camp. Mr Keed appeared for the somplainant, and it was elicited that the language was of the most gross oharacter, and that tbe defendant had been twice fined tor similar eon duct. Defendant was fined £3 aud £2 12s 10J costs; iu default three months imprijoument. A Chinese promised to pay the fine. ?The official settling on the Hay New Year's Day Racing Club's Midsummer meeting was to havd taken place on Thursday night, but at the time ap pointed no one turned up but a stable boy, on behalf of a winner, The secretary did not think that was en regie, and adjourned the settling until Friday ut four o'olook. After waiting for un hour no one ap peared; so the settling was put off until to-dav. Winners are evidently not in a hurry to receive their monoy. Ok Thursday oveniiig, about 6 o'clock, a fire took placa in a slab h'.U in WaraHgery-street which was untenauted. The place wa? lately bought bv Mr Simper from Mr Orouk. Tho fire was occasioned by three little ohildren, the olde.-t of which was only 3 ye«B of age. They found some matches and in playing with them set the place on fire. They would have been burnt had not 3 young woman named Lizzie Brooks rushed in and taken them ou'. Ho attempt was made to put the fire out until the building had been burnt to the ground, when the neighbors brought water and extinguished the emb»ri to prev:nt sparks from being blown about, to the danger - f other dwellings. The present weather and its great dangers, as exemplified by the terrible fires at Bourke and Walgett, should arouse, the public fo take some stop for a firo brigade. At all events it would not be ami»i to have a fire bell. The Juno Dramatic Company have played to very good houses throughout the week. We have rarely had a belter company in the town. Miss Juno herself U a lady who has played in the best theatreB of tbo world and who has a high dramatic standing, but who wins compelled at this season to take a provincial tout or to re.rmin idlo, a« the metropolitan theatres are occupied with 'Christmas piece*. Her company plays up to her most commendably.™ Dunng the week Bob R-y, Ea-t Lynno, Jeannie Deans, and the New Magdalen have been played, in each of whioh Miss Juno mstainei her reputation. The drama of Jeannio Peam hna taken great hold on Hay plav goerr, and has been the su^oess of the season. Owing to the Town Hall, Denil-'quin, being engaged the company will be able give two extra ni bts. On Saturday evening Arrah no Pogueis to bo. produced, and, and on Monday the ever welcome Bob Boy, Elfp3OK's Minstrels perform nt the Academy of Music on Wednesday and Thuirjduy next. Mr and Mra Kmpson, whose reputation iu thoir special line, is thoroughly Australasian, are the leaders, and that alone i* guarantee that the entertainment will bo mere than usually amusipg. They are' woll BUDpo»ted, Tho rainfall at Kilfera during 1833 was as under :— January ... ... 00 points February .,. ... 60A March ? H Aptil ? 84 May ... ... 176 June ,..; „. 43 July ? ' ... '?„?.'?? 29 August '... . ... '?? 88 September .., ... 33 Oolober ... ... 117 November ... ... 83 Pepemb.Br ... ... 4 Total,*7.QH iqinti. Eight and a half tons of gold' were obtained in Sandhurst in 1883 or 221,98lois., representing a value of £887,928. . The weather Iibb been terrible at Bourke : 117 » in the shade. ' Qbhat fires have occurred up the Darling. A l)re in Kirkpatriok and Co.'s bonded store, Bourke, caused £20jQ0O damage. At Walgett fifteen places w.re burnt down; the .damage being estimated at £ Q,OQCI« Thb la'go mawes of Nationalista and Orangemen wlu had assembled at Rromore, G,ounty Down, for demonitation ourDoseB. came into conflict on the Ut. The Orangemen numbered 20,000, and are re ported to have commenced the disturbance. The largn body of military in the town had been plaoed under arms in readiness for any affray, and wo'e at onco marched' to the scene. They oharged the crowd at fh« pojnt of the bayonet, and before order was reslore'd a large number of Orangemen received bayonet wounds, some being of a aery serious charnoter. Reqabdino the lads who caused the death of the woman Owen the Evening 'Neu/s writes: — It is ap pal.jmg to note tbe ' respeotable' uppearanoeof some of the youths charged with participation in the fearful oiftmjj lately p.erpe).rafed in Sydney, orimes whioh have sent a thrjll of horror through tl)e oqnimijnity thit will vibrate all oy»r the cjviljs.ed wor/d. A student of Gall and Lerater seejng fiifiie ^oj». a portion of who are delicata, weak-looking lads, would, would if unacquainted with the oase, imagine they were hraugh*. up to receive tome reward for ?Draiseworthy conduct. L'iiey differ fro n ihe typical 'larrikin,' 'rough' 'or h-jodlutt' of the three auarlers of the globf, us radically as is possible, and 1 |r aupearance in custody with their beetle browed, Jsig oa^fsd, prognathous companions in orime, opens Up » wide field tor speculation to the philosopher and the'phila'nthrophist.. ' T Tub Duke of VVeitmintter ha* deotded to make a great experiment on his London property! ' Hevhas determ|ned not to allow any new uubUahouser to be established oil 'l^j town e»tatof and as the leases of his existing lipusos fall in he »ij| not permit them to continue as lipenseil bouses. The duke j»,'in fsoji, going 1 u make in the metropolis an experiment which has be-n made by several laud-owners' 'in rural distrjots. He is the owner of the most exten sive rangn of home pr9P j p v jn London in the hands of u tingle person, and it is therafoii pgssijfle'to carry out' his plan over a large distriot. How far the inhabitants will relish this kind of local coT- pul- tion is another question. It will increase the quiet, order and respeoUbility of the street!, and probably it will add so much to the value of the property that the duke will not.be a loser by the abolition of publiihoujes, '-???.?? Two police uflicure ut lluniuyong n.urdorouily as snulti'ri n youni; fireman namcil M'Grath, who is in a crriciil I'ondition. The 'li^pulo arose ovjr a q'ie« lion us to whether Iho police or llu- limn, en had done most to extinguish u fii'o. It is understood (?ays the S. M. Herald) that nol vi itliBtnnding tho largo majority whioh tho GoverM rnoiit fecured on tho second reading of tho Land Bill, the opposition are not without hope of scoring an important point or two before the bill passes through committee. One of tho principal subjects of u'n- tcntion in dealing with Iho ineueure will bo the r«m which th« jqtmtters aro to pay for their runs, nnd it is said thut thu Opposition intend to it man to sup port the clwge of twopence per aoro which is pro-, posed in the bill as it stanJa at present. Ostensibly this course is to ba taken from u putrnlio su-ise ol tho necessity for nmki'g the squatter puy u fair rental for the land the; havo in thxir possoesion, but actually, it is a'legerl, the reason for the Opposiiion showing a disposition lo raite the rents of the fqmil. tcrs is to be found in u desire to i'mb.irra.-s thu Uo veuimenl'.. It U generally understood that the Go vernment is not wedd'.'d lo the proposal oi tu-Ojionce per acre, and is quito willing to eive way to any general desire on thu purlol the ituuso for u lower rule of rental. SlU Samuel vVilion is about to settle with his household gods in oni of llm most baautiful ri'gians o1 Dorbyshi'o. Ho is tirod of a mere tenancy, and has by this time gained nearly nil the notoriety which could uccrue from his oocuna- ioy of the lute Lord Bcucorislieli'o ''bceoheu' domain. The uui bitious floekmaster has become an uoliiul as woll at potential lord of English sail, hav-ig purchased the Usmnston ilnnor iSstate, Darbyshire, compiii'n. 3')(.0acres, with a rent rollof£R000 pB-iinnuin, an] a mansion which cost ubout £250 (.00, whi.-h wore uiiiuccessfully offered for sale by auction i-i August lust. Sir Sutnuel has ulsj puruiiaseit tin «iiulo ol the contents of the mansion (nitlt Ihe rxceplion ol pictures), whioh were lo havo been {'ispersed by an eight diVB1 sale. Sir Samuel will probably rind him self more at home in u co nlry which owns a* iu chief men great cotton spinning magnates, such us Stiult and Arkwright, and which 'innot therefore with anything Hie 0 insistency turn up it* noseut the Wilson pedig'ee. i'he qu«»tion now ur duj in to li'iw Sir Sumuul is -o reconcile his removal co Derby shire with iht) revision to one of the Consul va'ivu souts lor Buckinghamshire, nh.ch lius long been the goal of his earnest solicitude. Perhips, however, he will retiin Hughendeu sufficiently long to euub'.i hi'ii to get his toot into the Parliament-try stirrup, as the successor to Hampden and BeaconsfieM. Oune in St. Stephens hu'djuolless trusts to maintain his seat by playing on the nalurul dislike of thu Buckinghamshire Uonservuliiros t) ' iliviJe the party.' A most extrnordimiy accident is related in one of the last numbers of the ' N. Z. Herald' which we have to hand, dome time since, a Mr George Millie travelling for nn BiiRllsh publishing hoiae, wa^ in Australia, It was summer time, and one hot nisjht, he slept in a hammock outside, falling: asleep nliilc tmokiag a meerschaum pipe. lathe morning l)e missed a portion ot the stalk, two anl a half inches long, but never supposed that he had swallowed it, though ever after he was troubled with an irritation at the top of his lungs, and doctor after doctor told him l.e was suffering from chronic bronchitis, the only one differ ing being a Melbourne chemist, who declared it was not bronchitis, whatever it was. Tho other day at Wellington in a severe fit of coughing', Mr otiilie brought up the lorfj missing piece of pipe-stein which tor seventeen months Had caused him much oain. A Lovely Chaplet.— A late fashion report says ' Nothing can be prettier than achaplet. i.f hop vine* in blo3som . A recent medical review says ; ' Mottling- run be a better renovator of [he health Mun Hop Bitters They aid in all tbe npe rations of nature; touinf* up tile weak stomach, nssistiiiK the i'oi.d lo become Lrooirlv assimilated, and promote healtby astion , iu Tt.il \u organ*. The dictates of fashion, as well nt tl.p la-s 0 heulth, alike favour a right npilieation of His' Head. Motheu's Don't Know.— How many childie. nit punished for being uncouth, wilful and indifferent to In structions or rewnril Bimply because tliej nre out of health! An intelligent lady snid ofaehild of this kind ? '? Mother ilon't know that she should {five the little one moderate doses 'f Hop Uitters for two or tbreo weeks nnd the child would be all a [mint fo-jJil desire ' Look for. Among the many matters discussed at the recent meet in* of tho American Science Association, at Minneapolis was that of evolutin. Dr. Dawson and other members opposed the theory, but the grearer number of the Bpeakers supported it. But f everal of these latter added nferm of belieftkat we do not teroember seeiag mentioned before. While these belitved that all animated nature iucludinp; man himself, had be.n slowly evolvinir tbrougn the ages, from the earliest and -im|,lest, form uf animated nature; yet they held firmly that, as design proves a designer, so evolution prove* an evalver. Tills section of thinkers held that mind of ne'essjty hayo ocai'nsioned and presided at tbe formation of mittor ur form and at its imp .ovement, however slow or gradual. We have reason to believe, from historical and an tiuuarian researches, that the Caledonii, the Belgae, nnd cimri, and tbe Faxons and Frisians as well as the Danes and Normans were all people of gceat staure On the other band the prchis oric (neolithic)' iace or races in Britain appear to have been of low or moderate stature. Accordingly the higher statures are founlia the Pictlsh or t jmbro- British districts of Galloway; in the Anijlo Danish ones of North and Hast Yorkshire, Westmoreland, and Lincolnshire and in Cumberland whose people nre etbnologlcally intermediate between the two. Lothian a d Berwickshire are mainly Anglian while the Perth - shiie Hlghlandcts are the most clearly identified its the descendants of the Calerlouii. Tbe higj position of Norfolk in the list is due to n 'large mixture of Daui h bkad on the coast. There is. a fringe of mnderately high stature all round the coa-t of Norfolk to Cornwall while the tnlaod people, retaining more of the ancient British blood, yield lower averages Middlesex and Hertfordshire, which stand very low, were later and less perfectly colonisedlby the Anglo-Saxons than tbe surroun ding counties,' and nearly the same may be said of the counties around tbe Severn estuary and the Welsh border. Cornwall stands higher than the sunoandiug counties, and thi« is probably due to Jt1' hnying'b,£co g the refuge of the military class of Southern Mritain, jo the main of Belglc origin. Flint and Denbigh owe their superiority to the other Welsh counties to the immigration of the Cumbritn and StrathfleMsaye Britons. 