Latest News from China. [BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.] COOKTOWN, January 29. The steamer Airlie, which left Hongkong on the 14th instant, arrived here this morning. She brings the following late news from China :— A telegram received from Nagasaki states that the Japanese commander left there on the 23rd December for C'orea to consult with tho Chinese commander with regard to the recent disturbances in that country. The Japancso Government have despatched a body of troops to Corea. A terrible explosion at a powder-mill at Fats ham, caused by the carelessness of the workmen employed in the mill occurred on the 22nd 'December, when a number of coolies wero em ployed in shipping a quantity of gunpowder on board v junk close by. Tlie persons employed in the mill, and also those on board the junk and many others who '.wore near at the time, were blown to atoms. The mill and a large number of houses were levelled to the ground. Nearly all the houses in Fatsham and the surrounding dis tricts had their windows smashed, while a number of sampans were capsized by the shock, aad some of tho occupants drowned. The total number killed was between 200 and 300 A placard, purporting to be aigned by the General commanding the Chineae forcea at Woosung, has been posted up in the French Concession, ordering tho servants of French men to leave their employers. The German warship Elizabeth arrived at Yokohama on the 2nd instant. A report was current at Nagasaki on the 24th December that a fight had taken placo between Japanese and Chinese men-of-war at Chemulpo, and that one of the Japanese vessels was blown up by a torpedo. A private letter from Araoy states that tho writer Baw five French vessels in Kelung Harbour, and one of them was shelling the Chinese fort. The French were occupying all the heights around the place, with tho excep tion of one point. Tho writer also saw part of the city of Kelung in flames. All the inhabi tants had left. Although a proclamation had been issued informing them that they could return, and would not be molested, they ob {ect to do so, and the French wore, therefore, turning the place. It is said they expect re inforcements shortly, and will then occupy Tamsui. Intelligence from Tientsin states that somo people say that 30,000 French troops could not cope with the Chinese army there, while others maintain that 10,000, supported by the French fleet, could reach Pekin with the greatest ease. It is said that General Pow Chow has reached Tonquin with 10,000 Zechuin troops. Ho is considered to be the first General in the Em pire, and the Chinese think tho French havo no chance against him. The latest news from Chemulpa states that all is quiet at that port. General Bricre de Lislo has telegraphed to the Governor stating that he had gone from Hanoi on tho sth January, with reference to the recent French victories in Tonquin. He reports as follows :—" Great success against the Chinese army on the Ist instant. Tho enemy, numbering 6000, wero routed after an hour and a-half fighting. The pursuit was stopped by darkness. On the 4th January 12,000 were routed by Genoral Negrier, who destroyed the fortified camp of Mcibop and eight masked forts. A considerable quantity of material, tents, provisions, standards, a quantity of munitions and arms, and two batteries of Krupp guns, re mained in our hands. The rout was complete, and the Chinese fled in the direction of Langson. Six hundred dead were left on tho field. We had nineteen killed and sixty-six wounded, among whom wero three officers." The object of the recent disturbances in Corea ia said to havo been simply to assist the King to make Corea an independent civilised community, and that the King deliberately approved the action of the independence party, and invested them with supreme power of administration. The firat batch of the reinforcements for Admiral Courbet arrived at Kelung about the 10th instant. Active defensive operations are proceeding at tho entrance to the river Ningpo. Thirty-two Chinese general officers aro re- Sorted to havo been killed by the French in 'onquin. It is stated that tho Marquis Tseng has tele graphed from London, advising the Chinese Government not to pay the indemnity, as the French cannot raise the needful auppliea, and will not bo able to carry on the war much longer. Mr. Howard Paul gave 600 Sandwich men in London a roast beef and plum pudding dinner on Christmas Day. The subventioned theatres in Berlin, in accordance with a royal decree, will be illumi nated by the electric light. Cadet corps are to be established in con nection with the State schools at Castlcraainc, Eaglohawk, and Sandhurst. Wlasoff, the reputed illegitimate son of Skobelcff, has committed suicide in Paris, owing to losses in gambling. The lato Countess Bose, of Cassel, left tho University of Berlin £39,000 for the benefit of poor students of medicine. The United States Government has granted about 5000 patents for churns, and the work of improvement is still going on. The "marvellous Midges," of whom the tallest is only 30in. high, have been singing in London to crowded audiences. A terrific hurricane has visited t>ome of the districts in Austria. With ono exception, it was the most violent ever known. The Civita Callolica states that at Shanghai a volume is about to be published containing the " Aye Mario " in 340 languages. A memorial to Charles Rcadc is to bo erected in the shape of a church in Willisden, to bo dedicated to St. Mary Magdalen. The Germans have lately added twenty-five torpedo boats to their navy, and many larger vessels are now in course of construction. The authorities of Hyde Park, to the south of Chicago, on Lake Michigan, arc boring a tunnel under the lake for the water supply. A Swiss statistician says that in the year 2000 the population of Europe will be 565,801,141, as against 100,000,000 at present. About 2000 pigeons were provided for food during the voyage of 150 stoats and weasels recently brought out to New Zealand. More than £20,000 was recently obtained by a fancy fair held in Glasgow with the ohject of raising funds to build a Children's Hos pital. The French Government has issued a cir cular inviting emigration to Tonquin. Freo passages aro promised to thoso who will go there. During a session of the congress of Free thinkers in Paris an eminent member ex claimed, " Gentlemen, I am an atheist, thank God." The consumption of water in Melbourne from tho Van Van reservoir during one week recently amounted to 130,500,000 gallons, tho largest quantity ever recorded by the depart ment. The fire insurance companies of Sweden have offered a reward of 2000 crowns for the most practical device to arrest sparks and cinders from locomotive and steamboat smoke stacks. A redwood tree cut in Santa Rosa, U.S., furnished all tlie timber for the I3apl.t-,fc Church, one of the largest edifices in the country. Paper is now mode in France from the hop vine, and it is claimed that the fibre secured is the best substitute for rags yet obtained, as it Sossesscs great length, strength, flexibility, and elicacy. All the winter resorts in France and Italy are advertising that such a thing as cholera was never heard of in that particular locality. Some of the great ship-building yarda en the Clyde have reduced the number of workmen one-half, owing to stagnation in business. James Graves, a diamond dealer, tried recently to take a number of diamonds encased in a cake of toilot soap into New York, but was outwitted. The register of Hyde Abbey, Winchester, written in the reign of Canute, ia atill in existence, and forms part of the Ashburnham collection. Three hundred and sixteen thousand opera tives were thrown out of work through the closing of establishments in the United States last month. The population of tho United States is yearly augmented by moro than 1,500,000, and tho increase to the population of Europo is about 3,000,000. A settler on Freshwater Creek, in the Cairns district, says he will bo compelled to abandon his homestead unless the blacks are taught a leason. France and Germany are both making " ugly faces" at England. They do it in con cert, too, which is one of the strange signs of European times. The Pyramid Sugar Company at Mulgrave River have had a trial of their machinery, but it is expected that they will not be able to crush this season. During four years British Columbia has re ceived 17,000 Chinese immigrants. One-fourth of the business done in Victoria, the capital, is in Chinese hands. It is reported that at the close of thepresent session of Parliament the Right Hon. Hugh C. Childers, Chancellor of the Exchequer, will be elevated to the peerage. In Germany a man dare not cut down tho trees on hia own land without consent of tho proper authorities, so zealous ia the Govern ment in preserving the forests. Italy proposes to adopt gold as its monetary unit. Since resumption ita specie circulation has not been large, only one-seventh being in silver, as required for small change. Great preparations are being made in Den mark and Norway to celebrate the bi- centenary of the birth of Ludvig Holberg, the father of the Danish stage, on 3rd December. A companion volume to " Men of Mark," devoted entirely to women, is shortly to be issued. Tho volume contains over 400 names, and is tho work of Miss Francis Hayea A ballet called " The Swans ,r has been introduced at the Alhambra, London, in which a number of dancers dressed aa swans go through beautiful evolutions in a lake scene. The coming giantess is now developing in a village in Leicestershire, England. Though barely 14 years of age she is 6ft. Sin. in height, weighs 2521b5., and has only just commenced to grow. A collection of 150 polecats, stoats, and weasels were to be shipped from Lincolnshire to New Zealand in December. This makes the third shipment of these animals aent to New Zealand. The French Government has decided not to recognise Pere Hyacinthe's Church as a church, on account of its recent origin. This deprives him of any pecuniary support from the public treasury. Some of the Smithfield butchers have been trying to imitate Australian mutton by sub jecting old aheep to a low temperature, after which they sold at what was for them a hand some figure. A party which left Herberton for the John stone rush was attacked by some blacks with stones, and one man was caused to fall a distance of 25ft. into the river. He returned to Herberton. The Duke of Brunswick left the Duke of Cumberland his villa at Heitzing with all its contents. An iron safe containing coins, notes, and stock to the value of £100,000 was found on the premises. The moist vapour from uncured hay makes a favourable conductor for the electric fluid; and thia accounts probably for the frequency with which barns are struck by lightning about harvest time. A great pilgrimage of Catholics of the north of France to Lillio will take place in the early days of November. A number of religious confraternities and societies will take part in the devotions. Some excavations made recently at Aires ford, near Colchester, England, havo disclosed a Roman villa. Tessellated pavements have been already laid bare, extending over a length of about 300 ft. It is reported that General Wolseley has sent to the British War Office despatches in which he bitterly complains that his advance has been paralyaed by tno failuro of tho commissariat aud transport service. At the Drury Lane Theatre in London a large corps of handsomely-uniformed boys arc employed by the management, whose duty it is to call carriages and cabs for the patrons of the theatre free of charge. Tarsus, the birthplace of St. Paul, now boasts of a Young Men's Christian Association vigorously at work, and of a native Bible woman successfully engaged in teaching her sex from house to house. China has begun the continuation of the Great Wall along the coast from its present termination at Shan-hai-Kwan to tho Taku forts, in order to keep out foreigners. Tho distance is over 200 miles. English array contractors appear to be of the same stamp as their American brethren who nourished twenty years ago. General Wolseley is complaining of the " rotten " supplies that threaten the failure of his expedition. What Protection has Done for Ger many.—Germany renounced free trade for protection in 1880, and since then her iron workers have increased from 153,1)79 to 206,150, with an average increase in wages of 17*4 per cent. A MAN named William Smith, who had his leg out clean off below the knee by a piece of stone in the Hope gold mine, Charters Towers, smoked a pipe and betrayed no sign of pain all the way into town, a distance of nearly three miles. Thk unreasonable neighbours of a Nashville woman have complained of her as a nuisance, and their only grounds of complaint are that site keeps live cats, two dogs, two canaries, one monkey nnd a parrot of the blaspheming variety. The University of Notre Dame has received from the King of Spain a copy of the ancient portrait of Columbus, recently found at Madrid, and from a resident of Shanghai, a library of Chinese works with Latin trans lations. The ahiftleasness of the Duke and Duchess of Teck is a cause of much worriment to the Queen. Teck's wanderings on the Continent und his continued irapecuniosity have gained for him the soubriquet of "The Tramping Prince." It ia reported that the celebrated picture by Millet, known as " Les Vanneurs" (The Win nowers), has been sold out of the famous col lection of M. Secrctan, of Paris, to an American lady for the large sum of 175,000f. ($35,000). The Japanese Government has lately sent a fine pair of bronze vases, with rich inlaid deco ration in gold and silver, to Yassar College, in appreciation of the education furnished to two female students, Yamatawa Sateraataee and Nagai Shige. The London Globe records fatal results from looking at the sun. Two boya had tried to ace which could gaze at the sun longest. When one of them reached home he complained of pain in the head, and, growing worse, died in great distress. A library containing some 3500 English and foreign works on health and education has been compiled in connection with the London Health Exhibition, or " Healtheriea," as it is called. The library is open free to visitors to the exhibition. The collection of Victorian exhibits to be sent to the New Orleans Exhibition comprises between 1100 and 1200 exhibits, including samples of grasses, seeds, agricultural pro duce, wool, school maps, gold-bearing quartz, and timbers and veneers. A unique petition was recently presented to the House of Commons. It was signed in Hindoo characters by 35,000 Hindoos, and Erayed that the seat of government might not c moved for the greater part of the year from Madras to the hill country. Reports from Marseilles are to the effect that the epidemic has loft the finances of Toulon and Marseilles in a strained condition, with financial ruin weighing heavily upon the busineaa community, and even the ordinary re sources of charity curtailed. The Duke of Hamilton's library sale is de clared to be the greatest book sale on record. It continued over forty days, and realised a total of $850,000. The Sunderland collection brought only a little more than one-fourth as much, and the Gosford only $45,000. Keenness in a man is not always to be taken as a sign of capacity, for it is generally ob served moat in those who are selfish and over reaching : and his keenness generally ends in that kind of penetration into other people's interests which will tend to benefit his own. The publio service commission of Victoria have reported that the great majority of officers are attentive to their duty and perform their work fairly, but the organism of the ser vice is not good. The commission have framed rules for the conduct of the whole of the service. An Eastern man received a telegram from the West announcing the sudden demise of a relative, and replied : " Send on the remains at once." No telegram was received in answer, but a few days later a letter came saying simply, "There ain't no remains. He was kica by a muL" The stoppage of business by hostilities at Foochow, China, is causing widespread distress among the lower classes. The tea season is finished, and consequently the loss to Europeans ia less than to nativea Tho Chinese Govern ment is demanding more money. The people are unwilling to contribute. Sir Edward Reed, formerly Chief Con structor of the Navy, urges the necessity of England's adding immediately to the Navy five first-class armoured ships of an average ton nage of about 10,000 tons. His programme involves a special expenditure of £6,355,000 during the next three years. Damage to the extent of over £100,000 was done by fire on 10th November, on the premises of Messrs. Stewart Bros, and Spencer, oil merchants, Stroud, Rochester, and on adjoin ing premiaea to which the flames extended. The greater part, if not the whole, of the damage was covered by insurance. The Claimant, whose recent addresses in Leeds attracted very small audiences, has accepted a four nights' engagement with the management of a Leeds music-hall, at which he will appear during the firat part of next week. His remuneration, we hear, will be £40 for the four nights.— English paper. German Sherry.—For years, Engliah phy sicians say, the true sherry of commerce has been fortified in divers places in Spain with Dutch spirit; and now the thrifty Dutch and German burghers leave Spain out altogether, and do not even include grapes in their acheme for the cheap and abundant production of this popular wine. An American Philistino has built himself a house on the topmost peak of biblical Mount Carmel. He went to dig a cistern, and found one already hewn in the living rock, 14ft. deep and 2ft. 3in. square. He needed a wine-collar, and found an old tomb under bis house in the loculi or coffins, in which the irreverent wretch stowed bis bottles. The Rev. Dr. Sankey of Rochester, N.Y., who has just returned from tho Presbyterian Council at Belfast, is reported as having said a few days ago: " I believe the Presbyterian churches of England, Scotland, and Ireland are tending toward ritualism very rapidly. This is especially so in tho Scottish churches, surprising as it may seem." A sensation has been created at Madrid by a plot on the part of Isabella to Beat herself on the Spanish throne. King Alfonso's health is such that his early demise is predicted, and Isabella is seeking the regency in that event. Ono part of the scheme is said to be tho marriage of Alfonso's eldest daughter, the in fanta Maria, to the son of Don Carlos. At the Congregational Club of New York Dr. Clapp said, among other evils of the pre sent, one was the building of too costly churches. " Better build fifty churches for the poor than ono 8500,000 temple. I do not believe the Lord cares whether a church costs 810,000 or $500,000, but I do believe he cares whether there is one church or fifty churches." Plans have been prepared for a ship canal across Ireland from Dublin to Galway—a dis tance of 127 miles. Tho estimated cost for ships of various sizes is as follows :—For ships of I.TOO tons, 840,000,000 ; for ships of 2500 tons, **<iO,tKX),OUO ; for ships of 5000 tons and upward, 8100,000,000. The plans have been prepared by a London engineer, assisted by Captain Fads. Jewish papers refer with just satisfaction to the extraordinary immunity which Hebrews have enjoyed from cholera. In Toulon there were no victims among them, and in Mar seilles the Chief Rabbi says that of the seven —in four thousand—stricken, five had lived regardless of tho precepts of Jewish hygiene : whilst of the other two, one died on hospital duty, and the other, his son, through nursing him. A Kiss not Legal Consideration.—An Engliah Judge has decided that a kiss is not a legal " consideration." A surgeon in Lambeth kissed a workingman's wife; the husband valued the kiss at £5, and the surgeon gave him an I O U for that amount. A month after date an action was brought on this document, but the Judge promptly ruled there was no con sideration, and gave a verdict for the de fendant. IN the Temple Emanu-El, on Fifth Avenue, in New York, the largest and most influential Jewish congregation in America, the minister and a large number of members are in favour of Sunday Berviccs, though it is opposed by many as " likely to lead to neglect of the Sab bath, and its practical abolition in the homes and public worship of its members." The Jeioish Messenger says there is a strong proba bility that it will be adopted. The first instance of the cremation of a priest in Italy occurred tho other day in Milan. The Rev. Don Giovanni Sartorio had left in structions by his will that his body should be burned, and (shrewder than Garibaldi) bad dis posed that in case of non-compliance with his wishes the heir should forfeit the inheritance. As Boon as this became known the eleven priests who had been retained to perform the funeral service returned their fees, and the priest's remains were committed to the flames un accompanied by any Christian rite. The writer of " London Town Talk " in the Argus says:—The Cameroon, from the West Coast of Africa, brings news of an incident which, if it occurred in a civiliaed land, would be accounted heroic. The Mahomcdams made an attack upon the Falabo country, which its king (Scwab) was unable to resist. He called together all the royal family and his chief officers, and having pointed out that their country had been heretofore uncon quered, and especially had always been opposed to Mahomedaniam—a religion which they would now be compelled to embrace —proposed that they should all die rather than suffer such dishonour. The speech waa received "with cheers." A quantity of gunpowder waa placed beneath the palace, and his Majesty applied with his own nands the torch that blew him self and all his belongings, let ua hope, to Paradise. When the invaders arrived they put thoir threats into execution as regards the rest of the inhabitants, but these resolute souls were beyond their power. A correspondent of one of tho English newspapers says:—" I think it is worth ob serving that in comparatively few of tho cases of smallpox which have occurred can the con tagion be traced from one infected peraon to another; that ia to say, the disease, with few exceptions, has not spread in any particular house which has beon attacked, but has passed from spot to spot within a limited area, picking out isolated cases in a scattered line. Even where the same house haa been twice visited by the disease it has generally happened that the interval between the cases has been too long to admit of a direct connection between them. This entirely puts out of court the {ilausible but unfounded surmise that the care esaneas of individuals haa been the means of spreading the disease, and also lends apparent confirmation to the theory that germs floating in the air and infecting tho narrow road through which the ambulances continually pass are the chief cause of the outbreak from which we are suffering. The evidence seems to show that in very truth the disease is in the air, and that a certain risk ia incurred by all who pass within a limited distance of the hospital walls enclosing the wards in which the cases are lodged.' p The following curious facts are stated by the St. James's Gazette:— -" The Treasury cellars at Washington contain at the present time a great many valuable diamonds and other precious atones, valued at several hundred thousand dol lars. There is, among other things, a small bottle, Gin. high, filled with diamonds, rubies, pearls, sapphires, and other stones, somo mounted in gold and others not mounted at all. This trea sure dates from 1839, when a present of pre cious atones was sent to President Van Burcn by the Imam of Muscat, in recognition of some service rendered him by an American vessel. As the constitution of the United States makes it illegal for a President to receive any pre sent or decoration from a foreign Power, and as on the other hand it might have seemed dis courteous to return tho present, the President ordered that the jewels should bo lodged in tho Treasury. Thoy have remained thero ever since, and similar presents sent to subsequent Presidents have been relegated to the same place. As tho value of these treasures is now very considerable, the question of selling them by public auction as unclaimed property has frequently been mooted ; but the fear of giving offence to tho donors has hitherto prevented Congress from coming to any decision upon the boint." Mr. Cole, for many years the superinten dent of a Church of England Sunday school in the north of London, has for some months been in correspondence with the Bishops and local clergy on the subject of the refusal of the Holy Communion, consequent on his having married his deceased wife's sister. The following letter from the Bishop of Bedford has led to Mr. Cole joining the Nonconformists : — "I can hardly agree with you that a mission is a favourable opportunity for such an appeal as yours. I have waited till I could hear from the Bishop of St. Albans as to the case of Mr. Hobaon. This case turned upon the date of his second marriage, which seems to have been long ago, and at a time when the law was uncertain. The Bishop of St. Albans says this case is quite exceptional, and in no way governs his ordinary advice and practice, my own conviction being that the law of the Church as well as of the State is clear as to the ille gality of marriage with a deceased wife's sister. I have no choice in this matter, and, however painful it may be, must reply to your appeal hy saying that 1 could not knowingly admit you to the Holy Communion. I have deep sympathy with those who believe they have con scientiously contracted such unions lawfully and righteously. I do not judge anyone, and especially do 1 feel the pain of such an answer as I have been obliged to *-ivc to one who writes so considerately and with so much right feeling as to the sanctity of the Holy Com munion." 