Needles. 'Short, Sharp, Shuny.' Wool sales closed firm. King Theebaw a prisoner. It's a rough, life at Hergott. Another dynamite accident. Logic has earned his liberty. The unemployed thinning out. Promising reefs found at Otilnina. Farnellites increasing in strength. Why not revive the flax industry ? 'Red Stockings' on Monday next. The Liberal leaders are falling out. Look out for the Christmas Chronicle. Applications for work still coming in. Everything is peaceful again in Burmah. The Federal Council Bill has gone bung. Early Closing Association moving along. The mayor's salary is again fixed at £600. A death from sunstroke at Fort Adelaide. What sort of a jury was that at Wallaroo ? Mark Twain made 70,000 dollars last year. Kapunda wants those marble quarries used. Mr. J. H. Symon off to Europe next month. Our only Chaffey is working hard in London. Egremont's extradition from Germany uxei up. The Government dams at Crystal Brook are dry. A new oil-field has been struck near Troy, N.Y. The lead yield of America is 140,000 tons a year. Servians decline to 'ante-up' any indem- nity. Something queer about the Pine Creek rail- way. How about Treasury bills to pay off the de- ficit? Keep the children out of the sun on hot days. A serious drought is threatening New South Wales. Mr. Wm. Redmond returned to Parliament again. Prince Alexander won't compromise with Servia. A Tasmanian loan of £1,000,000 is to be floated. The geographical expedition have arrived in Sydney. Big Ben did not want the Appropriation Bill carried. Mr. Vanderbilt, the American millionaire, is dead. Nuriootpa is to have a fruit- preserving factory. Lord Carrington has left Melbourne for Sydney. Lake Wallace, Victoria, is being stocked with fish. There is not much poetry in navvying at Hergott. Twenty five claims alrealy psgged out at Oulnina. Rowley says that Honest Tom has no sense of humor. Servia and Bulgaria are not desirous of an armistice. Lord Salisbury will fase Parliament with his policy. Opposition to the Barossa water scheme talked of. The Eureka crushing machinery started on Saturday. A lad killed by a blow with a broom at Wallaroo. One huudred men out of employment in Kapunda. There arc 156 almshouses, workhouses, &c;, in London. You can appeal against taxation until January 4. The Federal Council will meet in Hobart on Jannary 25. Apples are a drug in the American market this season. Mr. John Jervois has been married to Miss McFarlane. Rowley never had a father to leave him a competence. No, no, Ben, you could not shelve the Bee- taloo scheme. There have been 893 tenders received for 297 mail services. Mr. Rees has been having another tilt at the clerical party. A supposed case of incendiarism has occurred at Belvidere. The Victorian grain rates may be expected to be reduced. Roumelia is 'on' for union with vistorious little Bulgaria. The 'Spiser special not sorry he did not start in as a navvy. Fresh tenders are to be called for the Pine Creek railway. There are 359 men employed on the Hergott extension works. Too bad to shunt one of Mr. Copley's motions on to next week. Is the name of Morgan like a red rag to a bull to Mr. Landseer? Northern Territory tin ore yielded 65 per cent, of good tin. The wire fence at Point Malcolm has kept out the rabbits. Why are people not more careful when using dynamite caps ? Won't Billy Dalley be about next week— another oration ! What does the immaculate Rowley know about tea fights? A family in Sydney have been poisoned by eating tinned fish. England, Mr. O'Donnell believes, is the best spot under heaven. The Government are going to protect the Echunga goldfields. The profit on the Sydney eight-hour demon- stration was £1,519. John Beadkett cut his sweetheart's throat at Fingal, Tasmania. Professional bandits are attacking the British at Mandalay. Melbourne thinks very highly of Mr. Lemmon, the flautist. Wm. Redmond has been elected to the House of Commons. There have been 266 children adopted from the Destitute Board. The Salvation Army have welcomed Major Lindsay to Adelaide. The conference of the two Houses agreed on the Crown Lands Bill. One thousand Soudanese attacked Ambugal and got a good beating. Yet another accident from the careless handling of dynamite. Three battalions of English troops have been ordered to the Soudan, Sir Peter Scratchley never intended any in- sult to South Australia. A dairy farm and butter factory one of the results of the new tariff. The Detroit Free Press has just completed its fiftieth anniversary. Mr. W. T. Carter will only 'preach' to working men on Sundays. Big Ben thinks we have got enough loan money for twelve months. A London wine merchant has bought 12,000 gallons of Hardy's wine. Dunn & Co. say the average wheat yield will not be over three bushels. Mr. J. B. Thurston likely to succeed the late Sir Peter Scratchley. The line from Nairne to the Hurray likely to be finished in January. A whole family poisoned at Tanunda by eating preserved herring. Don't rush to Oulnina until you hear a good deal more about the place. The following are the tax appeals : — Land tax, 8,581 ; income tax, 332. Three Daly River natives have been sen- tenced to death for murder. It is stated that in Vienna alone last year 263 Jews became Christians. The Great Powers wpl jpsist^pd'^an-'armistice ' between Servia and Bulgaria. The Earl of Devon has offered to r«ell his Irish tenants their holdiriss' Stone-breaking throWnu!ujpin disgust by some of the men in Adelaide. Tennyson gets, as Laureate, £200 a year, and a butt of Malmsey wine. Mr. R. S. Kelly, of Modbury, has been talking about ' our finances.' A word to the unemployed. Agitate, but keep within reasonable bounds. We are going to borrow with the Legislative Council's permission £1,332,400. An absconding Victorian bank accountant has been captured in Ireland. The South Australian Association oppose the Barossa irrigation scheme. Mr. Parnell relies on the Liberals to concede the demands made by Ireland. The Maoris in the the Hot Lake region are giving a good deal of trouble. Mrs. Edith O'Gorman Auffray, the 'escaped nun,' is now in New Zealand. Some huge caves have been discovered at Coobowie, Yorke's Peninsula. The '1'iser ' Special' considers the men at Hergott ought to get 7s. a- day. Another mess has taken place in connection with the Nairne District Council. Mr. J. L. Thompson has won the prize in the silo competition in Victoria. A Shanghai firm is building four steamers to run between China and Victoria. The Barossa water scheme went up like a rocket and came down like a stick. Be just to your enemies, generous to your friends, and independent of both. The 4,200 public libraries in America con- tain more than 13,000,000 volumes. Mr. Thomas Hardy proved that phylloxera has not been eradicated at Geelong. The Australian Lord of Hughenden once more snubbed by the English voter. An aboriginal and a Chinaman have been sentenced to death by Judge Pater. The Government are not going to appoint a royal commission on finance just yet. The Legislative Council insist on their amendments in the Crown Lands Bill. The Treasurer believes that things are taking a turn. Which way, asks Mr. Coles. Four hundred thousand pounds to be bor- rowed for water conservation generally. Gladstone has had an enthusiastic demon- stration over the Beetaloo water scheme. The public debt of Paris is said to be larger than that of any other city in the world. The Parkes-Abbott Ministry is desired by a section of New South Wales Assembly. An enquiry is to be made into the shooting of natives by Corporal Montague's party. Let us be thankful that there will be no more three-column speeches on social purity. It is proposed to erect a rabbit-proof fence along the southern boundary of Queensland. Receipts from Savings Bank depositors for November, £50,283 14s.' 2d. in Adelaide alone. Legislative action will be taken on the Destitute Commission's report during the re- cess. The Hon. G. C. Hawker speaks of that miserable white elephant, the Northern Terri- tory.' One hundred thousand pounds is about to be spent in improving the water supply of Mel- bourne. Frank Moore has challenged Kenny, the champion swimmer of Australia. Stakes, £100 aside. A ton of diamonds in the rough passed through the South African post-offices last year. English, Irish, Scotch, French, and Af- ghans are working at the Hergott railway works. Queen Victoria has granted pensions of £100 each to the four sisters of John Leech, the artist. Two State-school teachers at Geelong have been dismissed for having visited a house of ill-fame. The Canadian papers announce the inten- tion to establish a Canadian mail service with Australia. Prince Edward of Saxe-Weimar has been appointed commander of the British troops in Ireland. Five of six successful matriculation candi- dates for this year were from Prince Alfred College. The debt of Egypt is, roughly speaking, £104,000,000, costing the country £4,250,000 annually. A scorching region, destitute of shade or comforts, and 5s. Od. a day for wielding a pick and shovel. Mr. Landseer says there is a large popula- tion of fiddlesticks at the Murray Bridge. How interesting. Bootmakers' wages average about 30s. a week. Think of that for a wife and family in this country. Mr. Downer telegraphed to Mr. Service con- gratulations on passing Federal Council cabling Bill. The Government will make the fullest en- quiry into the shooting of the Northern Ter- ritory blacks. The racing yacht Genesta sailed for England on the 3rd, an offer of 20,000 dol. being refused by her owner. The Adelaide Co-operative Society will establish a dairy farm and butter factory at a cost of £2,000. Two churches have recently been dedicated at Molokai, Sandwich Islands, for lepers at that settlement. Owing to the short crop in England, large contracts have been made by dealers there for Californian hops. The captain of the s.s. Greyhound was killed by pirates in the China seas. Several of his officers were also killed. Prince Victor Napoleon has just received a legacy of 100,000f left him by the widow of an Imperialist functionary. There are nearly 3,000 attorneys, about 1,200 barristers and special pleaders, besides over 100 conveyancers in London. The Russian Admiralty has decided to begin the construction of a torpedo cruiser on the French system, at Nicolaieff, at the com- mencement of next year. The Chinese cigarmakers have struck against the employment of white labor in the same establishment as themselves. Let us have this bootmakers' strike settled before Christmas, otherwise it won't be a ' Merry Christmas ' for them. The Magdalen Hospital in London received 4,600 females in sixty years, of whom 3,020 were restored to their famines. There are thirty societies in London for various charitable and useful objects, and forty institutions for special diseases. The statement that there are 400 girls under fourteen years of age 'on the streets' of Mel- bourne is authoritatively denied. During forty years £4,000,000 has been ex- pended by members of the Church of England in building and restoring churches. Russia, with a population of over 100,000,000, has 85 bishops, 100,058 clergymen, 27,000 monks and nuns, and 41,000 churches. The Apaches, hostile Indians, have com mitted great outrages in Arizona, where the troops appear powerless to oppose them. The chamber ' unanimously' opposed a pro- posed increase of Mr. Conigrave's salary. How unanimous, if someone proposed it? The possibility of lighting the city of Paris by a single great light on a high column is being again discussed by French engineers. Eight bicyclists who took part in the recent manoeuvres of the Austrian army were sur- prisingly successful, surpassing the horsemen in endurance. The Anthropological Congress, which is soon to be held at Rome, will have a feature in a collection of 700 skulls of criminals, numbered and classified. Number of new depositors in the Savings Bank in Adelaide for November, 285— not bad for depressed times. But there were 325 accounts closed. Henry Russell, who wrote the music to 'Woodman, spare that tree,' and 'A life on the ocean wave,' is still living in England, at a very advanced age. The Godeffroy Museum at Hamburg, illus- trative of the natural history of the South Sea Islands, has been sold to the Ethnological Museum of Leipsig. It is said the two buttons habitually attached to the rear of men's coats are a relic of the time when swords were worn, and were used to support the sword-belt. Prospectors still at work in Port Lincoln district. Government Geologist going down shortly to follow up their work. They must be finding something surely. The fanners on the Sicily Isles have aban- doned potato culture to grow the narcissus and other flowers, which prove a more profitable crop for the London market. A Parisian signboard reads thus : — ' Ladies' and gentlemen's outfits on hire for balls and marriages. Black dress coats and pumps. Bridesmaids let out by the day.' The Austrian Government invited the nations to send delegates to a conference to be be held in Vienna at the end of October, to establish a standard musical pitch. It is stated that the Russian Ministry of Marine has decided to erect movable shore batteries on the Gulfs of Finland and Bothnia for purposes of defence in case of war. 'Forty Thousand Miles Over Land and Water' is the title of the work that Mrs. Howard Vincent has written to record her im- pressions daring her voyage round our colonial empire. Admirers of Henry Kendall, the Australian poet, will be glad to hear that a collection of his poems will be published about the beginning of the year in one volume, by George Robert- son & Co. The stirring hymn 'Hold the Fort,' has been pronounced revolutionary in Turkey, and has been expunged from all Sankey hymn-books received by the American mis- sionaries. There seems no doubt now that the Duke and Duchess of Connaught will return to India. It has been the ardent desire of Her Royal Highness, and bo urged that it has been ac- quiesced in. It should be known that a small quantity of vinegar will generally destroy immediately an insect that may find its way into the stomach, and a little salad oil will kill an insect that may enter the ear. The chief geographical societies in Germany have resolved to erect a monument to the late Dr. Nachtigal on Cape Palmas, where he lies buried— a monument so large as to serve as a landmark to seaman. Every 'good report' from an inspector adds to the English teacher's value up to a certain point, and the various grades of salaries are, for male assistants, £60, £75, £85, £95, £105, £115, to £155. Mr. Howard Grubb, of Dublin, has just received a contract from the Admiralty to erect what will be the largest telescope inthe world, a 28-inch diameter refractor, for the Royal Observatory at Greenwich. The mental condition of Charlotte, Empress of Mexico, the widow of Emperor Maximilian, is stated to have so much improved of late that the physicians do not despair of the entire recovery of her reason. Missionaries in the equatorial lake region of Africa have discovered that a kind of beer made of bananas is a prophylactic against malarial fevers, and that this drink is indispensable to their health. Mr. Samuel Morley, M.P., has offered £1,500 to the Bala Congregational College on condition that it is removed to Bangor, and brought into closer working affinity with the National College of North Wales. The immigrants sent out from the London slurps to Manitoba are, according to late advices, paying interest on the money ad- vanced them by the Baroness Burdett-Coutts, and are satisfied with their lot. The directors and responsible officials of the South-Eastern Railway Company have person- ally guaranteed £15,000 towards the guarantee fund for the National Art Treasures Exhibi- tion, to be held at Folkestone next year. The Empress Eugenie has been undergoing the grape cure. This is especially good for the liver. As many as 16 1b. of gripes are taken in a day by the patients. The chief grape cure place is Turkheim, near Worms. It is stated that about this time last year a number of horses were killed in, Glasgow through eating a variety of Indian pea abnowa as latkvrus saliva, arcLtkftt the disease pro- duced by this means has 'again appeared in the city. Twenty-one lambs beldaging .'to .Mr, Go^d, land, of Spoxton IiOdg&XSBMittwBj;/wsrecha^ by a foxhound aroundohtefirifl?wi jgrh^gthay were enclosed, and were so terrified th^t-tliey were afterwards found lying dead, huddled , together in a hollow. A French statistician calculates that~at the present rate of increase of population Germany will in the year 2000 have 164,000.000 inhabi tants ; England will have 142,000,000 ; Austro Hungary about 70,000,000 ; France, 64,000,000; and Italy 56,000,000. Cornelius A, Logan, the American Minister, who has just returned from Chili, states that for a nation of less than 3,000,000 probably Chili is the strongest naval Power in existence, and her ships could, without much effort, sink the whole American navy. The Speaker of the Danish House of Com- mons and two hon. members have just been sent to prison for six months and ordered to pay a heavy fine for assaulting a police officer who attempted to put down a meeting at which they were speaking. The Edinburgh Town Council have agreed to erect in St. Giles's Cathedral a memorial to the late Dr. William Chambers. The memorial will take the form of a statue, to be placed in the old session house, which was in former times used as a chapel. In an address in London, Cardinal Newman said that the Protestant Church of England was the great bulwark of that country against atheism. He wished all success to those de- fending the church, and said that he and his friends would join in defending it. A German paper says that forty parts of paper pulp, ten parts of water, one part of gelatine, and one part of bichromite of potash, with ten parts of phosphorescent powder, will make a paper which will shine in the dark, and which will be suitable for labels, signs, &c.; There has lately died a Vienna woman who was a famous rifle shot — Emile Hirsch, her name— her skill being, in fact, so great that many shooting societies would not allow her to compete at their matches, on the ground that it was a foregone conclusion that she would win. The frilled shark caught in Japanese waters last year, and by some persons thought to be the sea serpent itself, has at last found its place in scientific classification. It is a living representative of the fossil cladodonti, and is the 'oldest living type of vertebrate animals.' A dispatch from London by the Mackay Bennett cable says that Mrs. Boucicault will have a card in the London World alleging that her husband's marriage to Miss Thorndike, as cabled from America, is a bigamous one, as she states that she and Mr. Boucicault have never been divorced. One of the most largely circulated news- papers in Paris is the Matin, published in French by American capital, and is entirely an American interest. It has special lines of telegraph, and has more news than any of the other Paris papers. Its enterprise is a new thing in French journalism. The famous violoncello by Stradivarius, which belonged to the two Servais, father and son, the violoncellists, is offered for sale at Brussels. It is reported that the highest bid, 60,000 francs, h&8 been made by Herr von Mendelssohn, of Berlin, bat that Madame Servais has fixed the price at 100,000 francs. According to the ' Statistical Year Book of the German Empire,' the population of Ger- many was in 1872, 41,228,000 persons ; in 1833 it had risen to 45,862,000. In eleven years, therefore, the increase of the population was 4,634,000 ; and yet during those eleven years there had been a very large emigration from Germany. In Montreal and Toronto compulsory vacci- nation and the condemnation of Reil to death are producing much trouble. An Ottawa des- patch says that the Ottawa fisheries have proved a failure, and a famine extends along the entire coast. Several ships loaded with provisions have been despatched to relieve the unfortunate sufferers. Several agricultural societies in Berlin and in the Province of Brandenberghave opened a prize competition (300 marks and a silver medal) for an improved milk-can for railroad transportation. The conditions are numerous, and of eo exacting a nature as to denote the public interest in, and the necessity existing for, such improvement. Old favorites still seem to attract both authors and publishers. One of the most elabo- rate picture-books of the year is an edition of Byron's ' Childe Harold,' with illustrations of the poet's most favored spots, designed by . American artists. An edition of the book for English readers will be issued immediately by Messrs. Chatto & Windus. There is no scientific reason to suppose that in the act of dying persona axe gifted, with a power of foreseeing the future. Mistakes are often made as to the mental condition of the moribund, because allowance is not made for that cerebral excitement which occurs during the disturbance of the circulation and sur- charge of the blood with carbonic acid gas. The Imperial Canal of China is over 1,003 miles long. In the year 1861 was completed the greatest undertaking of the kind on the European Continent, the canal of Languedoc, or the Canal du Midi, to connect the Atlantic with the Mediterranean ; its length id 143 miles, it has more than 100 locks and about fifty aqueducts, and its highest part is no Ies3 than 600 feet above1 the sea ; it is navigable for vessels of upward of 600 tons. Between 1850 and 1880 the world coined 1,022 millions sterling of gold, yet the stock ot gold coin in the latter year exceeded that of 1850 by only 400 millions ; the money had been twice minted in 30 years. During that interval the average coinage of the world had been 31 millions per annum, of which 18 millions con sisted of old coin, and the remaining 16 millions were made up partly from the mines, partly from old candlesticks, snuff-boxes, &c;, of the last generation. The King of Sweden has informed the Academy of Sciences at Paris that upon at taining his sixtieth vear. in January. 1889. he intends offering a prize of 2,500f., in ad dition to a gold medal valued at LOOOL, to the author of the most important discovery in ? mathematical science. The judges, who nave already been nominated, consist of three gentle men—the first being a Swiss, the second a German, and the third JM. Hermite, a member of the Paris Academy of Sciences. A very curious discovery of papers was made recently in a loft at Belvoir. They include letters from Edward IV. and Henry VII., and some correspondence of the Earl of Shrews bury, throwing light on the circumstances attending the execution of Mary Queen of Scots. A great deal of the MS. has been in- jured by rats, but the experts, who have come down from the Record Office to inspect the documents, think that no find of equal im- portance has taken place for many years. Washington despatches of 13th October say that the new mail service between San Fran cisco and Australia and New Zealand will begin 21st November, and a steamer will sail every four weeks thereafter. For the Pacific mail steamers formerly employed, a Specklas steamer will be substituted, so that the line . will be as much American in character as it was under the old arrangement. For the new ser vice the owners will receive only sea postage, 150.CC0 dollars per annum, which was formerly paid, and according to the statement of Super- intendent Bell, they were anxious to get a contract at that rate, although the American companies had both sea and inland postage. AS ELEOY. The piano sounds the knell of parting day ; Next door the singing pupil shrieks high C ; The cornet practises across the way, And gives the night to anguish and to me. 