Epitome of News. Mr. Stanley has gone to America to float his Congo rail way. ^ Rev. J. E. C. Weldon, headmaster of Dolwich Collate, has deen appointed headmaster of Harrow School. A room at Harvard is decorated with the h»T»tir««q1inf- snatched by the Harvard boys in the Blaine torchlight pro cession from the hands of the girls on the sidewalk. The Belgian Senate has approved of the declarftfion em powering the King to accept the sovereignty of the Congo During a baptising ceremony in a creek in Florida an alli gator put in an appearance, to the alarm of minister and people. M. de Neuville, the famous French battle painter, who had long been seriously ill, was married in his sick room on Saturday, May 2, to Mdlle. MarescbaL Prince Albert Victor has been called to the Bench in the Middle Temple, and the Prince will dine with the law students. A little boy, while flying 'a kite near Helsten, and keep ing his eyeB turned upwards, fell to the bottom of a shaft and was killed. A father committed suicide on his daughter's grave in a cemetery near Liverpool. The daughter herself had com mitted suicide. Queen Marguerite, of Italy, is a fine lingnist, and is usually able to address every 'person presented to her in his or her own tongue. During last year 191 performances were given at the grand opera in Paris; ana the returns at this house at the opera comique are still the largest in Paris. The fable of ' Ariadne' has once more been reset, flit. time for the operatic stage. Herr Joseph Brambach, Capellmeister of Bonn, is the composer. Among tbe 1200 laws regulating tbe French press is one centuries old, which threatens the proof-reader with death for even one blunder. A family in Atlanta was made sick a few days ago by Mtino1 ft irflmwifint whirVh wrr killed in ft hitt.la hr tha of another. A Natchez, Miss., negro, 70 years of age, has been sen tenced to the penitentiary for one year for marrying a white woman. Oat of 26 graduates at the Ohio Dental College, the gold medal was conferred upon the only woman in the class, Miss Carrio Lloyd. Ismail Pasha has purchased a large palace in Florence, with extensive grounds, for £70,000, end proposes to live there in future during the greater portion of each year. The Prince of Wales presented seven Irish detectives, specially engaged on protection duty dnring the royal tonrin Ireland, with a handsome gold pencilcaee as a souvenir of the royal visit. The Roman Catholic Bishop of Ossory has issued an ex traordinary pastoral against mixed marriages between Roman Catholics and Protestants, which are said to be in creasing in number. The shocks of earthquake at Vienna and other places have been followed by an eruption of Versuvius. Tbe new craters have opened, and the lava poured down in the direc tion of Pompeii. The latest craze among American young ladies is the col lection of military buttons. One young Miss of the Astor family has received a string of these trinkets, in which nearly every government in the world is represented. Two free ferries are to be constructed across the Thames ; one near Greenwich, and the other at Woolwich. Each of the boats, which will cross every 15 minutes, will be capable of carrying 10 vehicles, or 1000 foot passengers. Tbe Prince and Princess of Wales since their return home have been busily engaged forwarding presents and mementoes to persons with whom they came into contact daring their Irish tour. The Illustrated London Rews says that the will of Sir Charles James Freake, late of Cromwell House, South Ken siDgion, was proved on tbe 13th ultimo, the value of the personal estate amounting to upwards of £718,000. At Penge a nureegirl left a perambulator outride a shop. It being an incline the perambulator started off down the pavement and overturned right in front of a horse and cart, resulting in the death of the infant. Talking in church is a legal offence in the United States. Several young ladies and gentlemen of the best society in Missouri were lately brought up in a police court and fined for this offence. Sir William Harcourt has placed in the hands of the Public Prosecutor the case of the pupil of King's College School who died consequent on treatment received from the elder boys. The Goidon Memorial Fund now exceeds £16,000. A lady has just endowed an adult bed in the London Homoeo pathic Hospital, in memory of the character and work of General Gordon. The Queen baa approved tbe appointment of Mr. Walter Joseph Sendall to be Governor of tbe Windward Islands of Grenada, St. Vincent, Tobago, and St. Lucia, which hava been separated from the Island of Barbados by her Majesty's letters patent. Dr. Nachtigal, the well-known German traveller is dead. The event is considered a serious Iobb to Germany, particu larly as the deceased explorer was on his way home to repor personally on his tour of annexation along the West Africa! coast. A girl had a marvellous escape from death near Stir line. She was walking on the railway, when a tram knocked her down. She fell between the rails, and th. engine and eix carriages passed over her without doing hei the slightest injury. * The death-rate in London during the first week in May was very low for the spiing. In the United Kingdom the births of 293,248 children and tbe deaths of 196,760 persons were registered in tbe first three months of the year, and 140,976 persons were married. The will of General Gordon has just been proved in London, the value of his personalty being sworn under £2300. He bequeaths the whole of the property to his sister Mary for her life, and on her death among hiB nephews and nieces. In 1886 St. George comes on Good Friday; St. Mark, Easter Sunday; and St. John on Corpus Christi. lha prophecy will thus be fulfilled as to conditions. Many, nt doubt, will be curious to see whether it will also be fulfilled in fact. Eating with the knife is an accomplishment familiar to most English frequenting foreign tables d'hOte. An old American has been so horrified by the sight that he has bequeathed a large property to be UBed m the best man ner for suppressing the custom of eating in this uncivilised manner. Lady Brassey loses some fine specimens of Japanese art by the fire at Humphrey's Hall. The objects destroyed formed part of a fine collection that had been presented to her when she visited Japan, and were of special beauty and interest. Lady Brassey had lent the collection to tbe Japanese village. A Shakspeare memorial window, which has been put in the chancel of Holy Trinity Church, Stratford-on-Avon, at the exclusive cost of American visitors to the poet s tomb, was unveiled on Tuesday, May 5, on behalf of the American Minister. Shakspeare's birthplace daring the twelvemonths was visited by 13,000 persons. Alice Ayres, the brave domestic who sacrificed ber own life in the recent borough fire to save her master s children, was buried at Isleworth. The coffin was borne to the grave by firemen. At tbe grave side a noticeable feature was the presence of 20 girls in white from tbe village school, whict the deceased herself had attended as a child. The following petition, bearing the nameB of 110 women, vho represent we oldest^ wealthiest, and best-known fami' Bee in New Talc, wee sent to the Legislature on March 20 : ' We, the undersigned, respectfully remonstrate against any further extension of suffrage to women.' At present ?women have no vote in the United States. i The Paris tailors and taiioresses are on strike to the number of 60,0G0 men and 30,000 women. How the season is to be got through (says a contemporary ) by those devotees of fashion who believe only in the Parisian cut is a mystery. The loss to aesthetic humanity will be so great, if the strike continues, that we must earnestly hope some way will be found to arrange the questions in dispute. Bankers, pawnbrokers, and others are becoming alarmed at the great quantity of what is called 'mystery gold' which is now in the market. It is made of platinum, copper, and tin, and is said to be proof against the usual tests for gold. Spurious sovereigns are made of this metal and readily pass, while large quantities of worthless jewellery have been manufactured and sold for the genuine articles. A bill to extend the jurisdiction of county courts to divorce suits has been brought into the House of Commons by Mt. James Howard and Mr. Broadhurtt. It proposes to enable the High Court to transfer causes to a county court and vice versa, and to make tn order of the Judge or regis trar necessary before a suit can be commenced. Damages are limited to £50. The Lord Mayor of London, with several sheriffs and jildermen, have been to Brussels in order to present to the Sovereign of the Congo, King Leopold II., an address from the Corporation of London, congratulating him upon the ' bloodless victory ' for civilisation wrought 'by the creation of the Conga Free Slate in the heart of the dark continent of Africa.' The ' King replied in very graceful and appropriate terms. A gondola voyage across the Adriatic from Venice to Trieste has been made involuntarily by the Comte de Bardi. nephew and heir of the late Comte de Cham bord. Whilst the Comte was boating on the Venetian lagoons wiih on artist friend his gondola was suddenly blown out to sea, and, although the little vessel was only in tended fur canal navigation, she crossed the gulf E&fely; to Trieste. Mrs. Burton writes from Trieste to the Tablet to draw attention to the following prophecy written by Nostradamue in 1566 : Quand Georges Dieu crucifera, Que Marc :e reseucitera, Et que Sunt Juan le portera, la tin du monde nrrivera. Bishop Temple is taking as much interest as his prede cessors in the Bishop of London's Fund. He has addressed a letter to the clergy of his diocese, in which he describes the rapid growth of the metropolis and the difficulty of building a sufficient number of new churches to keep pace with the increase of the population. He urges the clergy to endeavour to obtain additional pecuniary support for the fond. Her Majesty the Queen, who has again taken up her abode at Windsor Ca6tle, is said to have derived much benefit from the Alpine breezes. The Queen continues to play the part of a mother to the late Princess Alice's children, hence her run from Savoy to Darmstadt was prompted solely by considerations of family duty. Her Majesty is now busy arranging for her next domestic eyent, the marriage of Princess Beatrice. The Hon. Mrs. Vivian, the wife of the English Minister at Brussels, has taken advantage of the recent revelations, on the subject of so-called ' situations'' offered to English girls abroad, to call attention to the useful English institute founded last November by the widow of the late British chaplain at Brussels. There all apphcauts can receive dvice and assistance, Bpend their Sundays and holidays, and be providtd with decent lodgings if they are in search of employment. An interesting sale has just taken place at the Hotel Drouot of medals and coins forming the celebrated Gariel collection. It lasted three days, the total amount realised being 110,000 francs. Among the lots most briskly bid for were numerous Merovingian and Carlovingian coins. Of the former a gold sou of Theodebert I. made 700 francs, one of Dagobcrt I. 1705 francs, and a Clodovins 603 francs. A piece of Pepin le Bref, coined at Strasburg, fetched 110 francs, and one coined at Meaux 955 francs. A Carloman brought 1100 Irancs, and an A&tolf; 1900 francs. Mr. Allen, M.P., speaking at the Clergy Corporation festival, stated that in the Church there were 4000 beneficed clergymen whose incomes did not amount to £200 a year, and many of them had less than £100 a year. There were 500 curates whose stipend amounted to no more than £135 a year. He asked them to consider themselves in the position of a clergyman with an income of £150 or £200 a year. He asked them to consider themselves in the position of a clergyman with an income of £150 or £200 a year, with several children to support. The Emperor of Austria opened tbe Pesth Exhibition on Saturday, May 2, at noon. His Majesty, who wore the uniform of an Hungarian general, issued from the pavilion at noon, giving his arm to the Crown Princess, and. as he appeared on the steps, along which the Ministers^ of the Monarchy and of Hungary, with the entire diplomatic body, were drawn np to receive him, he was long and loudly cheered. The absence of Queen Elizabeth from the open ing of the Exhibition was much regretted, but it was rendered unavoidable by the state of her Majesty's health. Miss Gordon has received from the War Office the last volume of her brother's diary. It is written in a clear baud on the back of telegraph forms. 1 here are few erasures, and here and there quaint drawing of the scenes that the besieged general imagines are passing in London. A con versation between Lords Derby and Granville, of which he (Gordon) is the subject, is tbe theme of one of these droll pen-and-ink sketches. Cuttings from newspapers dealing with his position are pasted into the journal. It is to be hoped this remarkable diary will be printed un pruned. Princess Louise, on the 4th May, telegraphed to Mr. Caron, the Canadian Minister of Militia : — ' If acceptable, propose sending ambulance appliances and a few of the surgeons subscribed for here. Telegraph answer.' Yester day Mr. Caron replied : — ' Your kind offer gratefully ac cepted. Canada recognises in the gift the hand of the Princess whose good works and kindness are so fondly remembered among us.' In order to give effect to tbe proposals of the Princess, a numerous and influential list of names has at once been collected to form a committee. Kinp Leopold of the Belgians opened the Universal Exhibition at Antwerp on Saturday, May 2, in presenoe of about 7000 people. Hie Majesty was accompanied by the Queen, the Count and Countess of Flanders, and other members of the royal family ; all the Ministers, the diplo matic body, the members of both Houses of Parliament, the magistrates, and other distinguished persons. One thousand five hundred musicians and singers executed, under the direction of M. Peter Benoits, a Flemish cantata, composed by him for the occasion to words by the poet Van Beers. The execution of the work was perfect, and the effect was grand. Tbe following composers and musicians died in the month of May: Luigi Gordigiani (Florence, I860, the let), Giacomo Meyerbeer (Paris, 1864, the 2nd), Adolfo Fuma galli (Florence, 1866, the 3rd), Adolphe Adam (Paris, 1856, the 3rd), Ferdinand Pae'r (Paris, 1839, the 3rd), Nicola ZiDgarelli (Torre del Greco, 1837, the 5th), Nicola Piccinci (Passy, near Paris, 1800, the 7th), Padre ftanisleo M&ttei; (Bologna, 1825, the 12th), Antonio Salieri (Vienna, 1825, the 12th), Daniel Francois Esprit Auber (Paris, 1871, the 12th), Bonifazio Asioli (Correggio, 1832, the 18th), Nicolo Paganiui (Nice, 1840, the 17th;, Luigi Boecherini (Madrid, 1805\. the 28th), Joseph Haydn (Vienna, 1809, the 3lst). The South Carolina planters are becoming exercised over the wholesale departure of the coloured people in some sec tions for Arkansas. It seems that land agents in the South west have been working upon the freedmen's imagination and have induced entire families to emigrate beyond the Mississippi. This movement bodes no good to the coloured man. lie can get land in South Carolina about as cheap as in Arkansas, and it has been tbe experience of those who have witnessed these migrations that they never result in any improvement of tbe negro's condition. He flourishes best in the place where he is bred and among the people whom he knows. 1 he Little Sisters of the Poor have now 230 houses, in France, Belgium, Spain, Switzerland, England, Ireland, Scotland, Italy, America, Africa, and Asia. Many thou sands of respectable but destitute old people incapable of gaining their own livelihood, and who have no person to gain it for them, are thus provided for by a body of women who have no income, but who support the aged inmates of their houses by collecting daily from house to house, scraps of food, old clothing, alms in money, or anything that may be offered to them. The institution is a Roman Catholic one, but the destitute and aged of all creeds are admitted therein. Mr. J. A. Fronde, the eminent English historian, was greatly impressed with the beauties of San Francisco, and freely expressed his surprise at the high artistic standard everywhere manifested. While riding out Market-street on the dummy recently, he remarked to the T. C., ' I have been in Florence, Munich, and Home, and visited all their famous art galleries, but none of their classic pictures had anything like the effect uporLme that these paintings upon your dead walls arouses.' ' What special longing do these works of art create ?' asked the T. C., in blandest tones. ' That I might be appointed art censor in your city.' ' So that you could hang the pictures ?' No, the painters.' The determination of the universities, who are the owners of the Revised Version of the Bible, not to issue theKevised Version of the Old Testament separately from that of the new in a cheap form, has caused some dissatisfaction. With one exception, all the editions which are announced are of the Revised Version of the Bible, containing both the Old and New Testaments. The exception is that of an edition of the Revised Version of the Old Testament in four volumes, and at a price which puts it beyond the reach of large num bers of the clergy and others who desire to possess it in its eepatate form. The publication of the Revised Version was to take place on the 19th of May. The Dublin correspondent of the Weekly Register writes: I must tell you one little anecdote of the lovely woman who will one day, 1 trust, reign as Queen over these islands. At dinner at Dublin Castle one evening it chanced that her highly honoured neighbour, a gentleman who must be nameless, made some depreciatory remark to the Princess about the people of his own land, which he doubtless thought wes calculated to please the ear of a lady who could not be expected to approve of the rascal Pat. ' Well,' an swered her Royal Highness thoughtfully, «' I think that the people of Ireland have been very badly treated.' Is not the motto of the Danish flag ' My strength is the love of my people f ' What could not Alexandra do for Ireland if she would but choose? The cross recently presented to the Archbishop of Can terbury is a most massive piece of silver work. There are two tiers of statuettes of saints. The cross itself glitters with pearls, diamonds, and sapphires. Delicately engraved representations of the Agnus Dei and the Pelican in her piety form the central subjects on either side of the cross, q jje entire design is hexagon on plan, and the jewels re appear on two sides of the hexagon, below the tiers of statues, in order to recal the colouring of the cross. The actual staff is treated spirally, and gradually diminishes in size towards the ferrule at the bottom, and is divided into compartments by bosses, enriched with minutely worked roses and ornamental engraving. In Boston, Massachusetts, a charitable institution, says the Pall Mall Gazette, sends out into allotted districts bodies of, not episeopi but sartores vagantes, whose office is to patch the ragged raiment of the needy. These itiner ant tailors carry with them a copious provision of ' bits and ends ' of cloth of various size and hue wherewith to accomplish their beneficial mission. Rents and rifts and threadbare places in the clothing of the necessitous are effectively repaired with good and warm material. Nor are the patches cut with niggard hands. Moreover, they invariably display the added charm of an inscription in ' glowing terms and not less glowing colours, extolling the merits of some fresh pill or perfume, or the excellences of this new restaurant or that old-established matrimonial agency. The report of the Select Committee of the House of Com mons on the Westminster Hall restoration has been issued. The committee are substantially in favour of the adoption ot Mr. Pearson's plans. It is recommenced that, among other things, there ehonld be provided four rooms of sufficient size to be used as conference or deputation rooms. Such rooms might also, it is suggested, be used by Royal Com missions. Mr. Pearson estimates the total cost of carrying out bis designs at £35,000. Of this amount £5000 is the cost of completing Sir C. Barry's plans in St. Stephen's Porch; £8000 is for rebuilding and repairing the flying buttresses, and for effecting necessary repairs to the western part of the hall ; £8800 is for raising the two towers on the north front ; £13,300 is the cost of the two-storied gallery nnder the cloisters, and the building at right angles to the hall. Everywhere in Europe the women do a heavy share of the labour, often tbe roughest and most burdensome, while the wages are one-third and one-half smaller than for male labour. At the same time that the number of women working at agriculture, manufacture, &c.;, is smaller in the United States than in Europe, the number engaged in superior industrial occupations are more numerous in America tban anywhere else. Of the 2,700,000 women engaged in various occupations, 595, GOO (mainly coloured women in the South) are engaged in agriculture, 632,000 in manufacture, 282,000 are milliners, and 52,000 are tailors. Daring the past decade women have crowded into the learned professions. There are 2473 female surgeons as against 625 ten years ago, 75 lawyers as against 7, and 165 clergymen as against 66. There is (says tbe Tall Mall Gazette ) too mnch so-called originality in tho toilettes which French sporting ladtls like to display at the grand spring races to make it an easy matter for any one to be conspicuous. A Parisian actress, however, succeeded in doing so at the Longchamps races, by wearing a costume composed of a bonnet of reddish-brown velvet, shaped like a small saddle, with leather straps for strings, at the end of which tiny stirrups were fastened. Steel bits were plaited into her hair, which hung down her back like a horse tail. Tbe jockey bodice was of cherry-red satin, the skirt of the same colour and material, embroidered with whips and horseshoes, and tbe belt was a leathern girth fastened by a clasp in the shape of a horseshoe. It was fortunate that the lady did not act up to her ' character ' so far as to make a meal of oats— she pro bably went as far as prancing and stamping— or the end might have been the disappointment of many bookmakers. At the last meeting of the Numismatic Society, Mr. C. R. Smith oommunicated a paper on a hoard of Roman coins discovered in Cobham Park in the spring of 1883. It consisted of more than 800 coins, chiefly of the Emperors Constantius II., Constnntius Gallus, and Magnentius. Mr. Roach Smith expressed his opinion that, from the absence of wear from circulation, these coins muBt have formed part of the vast stores sent over by Msgn9ntiuB from Gaul shortly before his overthrow, a.d. 353. Dr. Evans read a paper by himself on a hoard of Roman coins, principally of the London mint, found about 10 years ago in the neighbourhood of Bristol. Tbe find consisted of 347 coins of various emperors, from the time of Gallienus to that of Constantino the Younger. Mr. C. F. Keary communicated an account of a large hoard of coins recently discovered at tbe village of Beaumont, near Carlisle, con sisting of 2090 coins, chiefly of the first three Edwards. A copy annual report of the directors of the National Gallery to the Treasury for the year 1884 has been issued as a Parliamentary paper. From this it appears that 33 pictures have been covered with giasB during the year, making a total of 861 so protected. The number of visitors was 698,489 on the public days, as near as can be ascertained, no accurate means of checking them being used. On students' days (Thursdays and Ftidays), when the number of visitors entering by payment is registered by a turnstile, 36,971 persons were admitted between the 1st of January and the 31st of December, 1884 ; the admission fees (at Gd. each) amounting to £924 5s. 6d., as compared with £914 6s. received in 1883. The total number of students' attendances at tbe gallery on Thursdays and Fridays throughout the year was 24,508. Independently of partial studies, 604 oil-colour copies of pictures have bten made — namely. 464 from the works of 61 old masters, and 230 from the works of 24 modern painters. The number of catalogues sold was 10,120. Mrs. Stewart has raised tbe splendid memorial, the Cathedral, School, and Bishop's Palace on Long Island, in remembrance of her husband, the late Alexander T. Stewart. The buildings were begun in 1876, and Mrs. Stewart met Bishop Littlejobn and the clergy of his diocese for the purpose of opening them. 1 he Cathedral is pure Gothic, with a spire 207 feet in height, a magni- | firent organ worked by steam and electricity, with 15S stops, and there is a peal of 13 bells in tho tower, all of which can be played on by the organist at his ordinary post. 1 Tbe floors are of variegated marble, the woodwork of tbe 1 ricbest dark mahogany, and the columns and capitals of 1 bronze. The great features, however, are tbe I .',0 beautiful 1 stained windows which tell the Bible story from beginning I to end— those of the nave, transepts, and cbo.r being spe- 1 cially devoted to the Incarnation. The m m- oleum, in 1 whichthere is space for two coffins, those of Mr. Sic wart 1 and his wife, is lit by 13 lancet windows, oa which are 1 depicted the scenes of the Resurrection and succeeding days. 1 The cathedral school will accommodate 250 resident and the 1 same number of non-resident pupils ; and tbe palace con- I tains 35 rooms, and is furnished throughout in modern 1 tas'e. The whole group of buildings is surrounded by f I park and pleasure grounds of 70 acres. 1 Mrs. Gladstone gave a free breakfast on Tuesday morns 1 ing,_ May5, to 300 dock labourers who had been un.success- 1 ful in their efforts to obtain work. The breakfast was given I in the Mission Hallo? the London Congregational Union, 1 Wapping, and consisted of substantial beef sandwiches, 1 bread and butter, and coffee. After the breakfast, at which ] Lord Lorne and many others rendered good service in wait- j icg upon tbe guests, the meeting assumed a more formed I character, the Rev. G. S. Reaney presiding. There were 1 also present Lord Lorne, Lord Brabazon, tbe Rev. Canon J M'Coll, Mr. Cyril Flower, M.P., Mr. Gerald Balfour, Mrs. ] and Miss Gladstone, Lady Frances Balfour, Rev. A. ' 1 Meatus, Mr. Arnold White, and many others interested in 1 the social condition of the working classes. Mrs. Gladstone 1 spoke as follows : — ' I am not going to make a speech. My 1 heart is moved this morning in sympathy with your trials. 1 I am sure I see before me men who are willing and anxious 1 to work, end I am glad to give to you this expression of my I sympathy. I am very sorry I did not come here sooner to 1 help to cut the bread and butter ; but I see before me my I daughter, who, I have no doubt, Iras done much better than 1 I should have done. Again I repeat that I would rejoice I with all my heart if I could more fully help you, but 1 Q'T1 J do very little, and I giva you that vary heartily.' Mrs. 1 Gladstone then resumed her seat ; after which Mr. Cyril | Flower, M. P., proposed, and Mr. Gerald Balfour seconded, ] a hearty vote of thanks to Mrs. Gladstone, which was car- 1 ried by acclamation. j Tbe report of the Minister of Agriculture for Canada 4 1884 shows that last year 2011 emigrants, chiefly chil^r®n- ] were sent to Canada under the auspices of charitable 8oci®l'es j and individuals in Great Britain, tne number being mad® op 1 as followB : — Bv Cardinal Manning, 56 ; the Rev. Low® A. 1 Douglas, 35 ; Dr. Barnardo, London, 266 ; East London ] Family Emigration Fund of Hon. Mrs. Hobart, 226 ; Bo7«' 1 Refuge, London, 40 ; Boys' Home, Southward, 52 ; Coloni- _ , j sit ion Fund, per Mr. J. F. Boyd, London, 50 ; Miss Ry®- *1 169; Miss Macpherson, London, and Gait, Ontario, 172; 1 Mrs. Birt eastern townships, 220 ; Mrs. Middlemore, of 1 Birmingham, 14S ; the Rev. Mr. Stevenson, 77 ; Catholic Protective Society, Liverpool, 192 ; Mr. Quarrier, Glasgow, I 263: Preseott Board of Guardians, Liverpool, 45. Ap pended to the report of the minister (Mr. John Henry Pope) is one by Mr. Peter O'Leary (of London), who, writing from Toronto on December 31 last as ' immigration delegate,' refers to the case of children sent out from Great Britain to Canada in the following terms : — ' This class of immigration j is evidently becoming very important, and shonld therefore be more under the control of both the British and Canadian j authorities than it is at present. If Canada requires these j children, there should be every year an impartial investiga- ] tion into their condition, and in England there should be some magisterial or other official j urisdiction. The ladies _ j and gentlemen and the societies who send the children out * j are, I am sure, actuated by the highest philanthropio ' motives ; but the business should be carried on under the supervision of the department, which, to the public, would , be a guarantee of the children's good treatment.' Referring to another class of emigrants, Mr. O'Leary states : 'There are several young men sent every year from the United. Kingdom here by nominal agents, who get large sums from the friends of those lads as premiums for getting them a home Bud instruction in agriculture in the Dominion. I have no hesitation in saying that, at all events, much of this business is a fraud and a positivo injury to Canada.' Mr. O'Leary suggests that the department should have a system of registration, showing where the young men cam* from, how much they paid, and to whom, as it appeared they were otten ' mercilessly fleeced.' 