GERMAN LABOURERS FOR QUEENS- LAND. The following translation from the Magde- burg Zeitung of 24th December, 1884, appears in the Adelaide Observer :- A few days ago a member of the Jena Society for Commercial Geography received a letter from a German physician in Rookhampton, dated 11th October, 1884, It contained the following important communications respect- ing the effect upon the English population in Australia of the activity recently displayed by the German Empire in colonial matters from a political point of view, and the urgent neces- sity of direct steamship communication be- tween Germany and Australia :-"The present Queensland Government-you know, of course, that, following English Parliamentary pre- cedent, the Ministry is often changed-has in opposition to the last Government as good as prohibited the introduction of South Sea labourers. Prior to this, as a matter of fact, natives of New Guinea were repeatedly sold actually as slaves for three years' labour on the sugar plantations of Queensland. See the periodical called 'Export,' No. 51, page 817. These natives were intended to work in the sugar plantations, because no white man can or will work in them. The\ mortality, even amongst those accustomed to work in the tropics, is about 25 per cent. Against this change of policy there has been a great outcry on the part of the planters. And so now a law has been passed in accordance with which German labourers are to be intro- duced at the expense of the State in every possible way by agents, lecturers, &c.; These immigrants are to bind themselves to work for two or three years on the farms-that is to say, the sugur plantations-for 8s. a week all found, under a penalty of three months' imprisonment for violation of contract. All sorts of allurements will be held out, but I from experience know the facts of the case. The lodging is a miserable hovel, utterly comfortless, just like a pig stye. The rations are salt meat, and occasionally fresh meat, flour to make dampers, tea-leaves which have already lost their virginity in the squat- ter's teapot, and sugar of the vilest sort. For Europeans work in the canefields is almost deadly. Typhus, malaria, liver complaint, dysentery will decimate the people who allow themselves to be entrapped. In a word, they will be treated as slaves, and in accordance with the contempt which the Australians, like the Americans, feel for Germans, they will be considered as nothing better than brute beasts. The proprietors of the plantations are for the most also justices of the peace-not in the German sense merely, but with all the authority of a commissioner of police, and the com- plaints of their slaves must be submitted to them. The colonial institutes in Germany should step forward decidedly and petition the Ger- man Government to prohibit free emigration from Germany at the expense of the present Queensland Government, and either to expel or silence the agents, &c;, who, especially in Prussian Poland, Silesia, Danish Schleswig, &c;, stump the country, deliver lectures, and induce people to sign contracts. The present Queensland Government and the sugar-planters -especially in the Northern districts-will leave no stone unturned in order to allure our poorer population to slavery and almost cer- tain death. In this part of the world no labourer, no matter how poor, will work on a sugar plantation. In vain have the planters promised high wages v. petty maintenance ; no man will risk it. Is not that the clearest proof that this kind of work cannot be endured by white men, but only by coloured people? Ninety per cent of the plantations lie north of the Tropic of Capricorn, and in summer the thermometer stands at from 100째 to 110째 Fahr, in the shade ; in the sugar plantations from 140째 to 160째 Fahr. Men must work naked, and so white men are liable to a kind of eruption or eczema, from the ex- halations from the canes, which undermine their strength and incapacitate them by itchi- ness from rest or sleep. It is only coloured people who are free from such attacks. I have done my duty and sent you my warning. I have no doubt that from Brisbane also, the capital, voices of warning have probably reached the central society in Berlin. But in any case where it is possible to warn my countrymen against being allured into slavery, like so many beasts of burden, in such a case I think you and every society which has members in Queensland ought to lift up no uncertain voice in order to prevent such a shameful result. The hatred of the Queens- landers against us is bitter, because we have made it plain that we mean to protect our countrymen in foreign parts, and intend to establish colonies. They lavish their gall upon us, as the French do, because they are afraid of us. . . . The south of New Guinea has now been placed under English protection, but so afraid are they of us that the Minis- try here expressly states that protection does not imply annexation. What a pity it is that we have no direct communication with Ger- many. Sloman steamers go only once a month as far as Sydney, and their German importa- tions are stored by thorough-going English- men, and the charges which we have to pay in consequence of such folly are enormous about three times as great as we should have to pay if we imported the articles from Germany via England." 