GERMAN LABOURERS FOR QUEENSLAND. [Translated from the Magdeburg Zeitung of December 24,1884. ] A few days ago a member of the Jena Society for Commercial Geography received a letter from a German physician in Rock hampton, dated October 11, 1884. It con tained the following important communica tions respecting the effect upon the English population in Australia of the activity recently displayed by the German Empire in colonial matters from a political point of view, and the urgent necessity of direct steamship com munication between Germany and Australia: — "The present Queensland Govern ment — you know, of course, that, follow ing English Parliamentary precedent, the Ministry is often changed — has in opposition to the last Government as good as prohibited the introduction of South Sea labonrers. Prior to this, as a matter of fact, natives of New Guinea were repeatedly sold actually as slaves for three years' labour on the sugar plantations of Queensland. See the periodical called 'Export,'No. 51, page 817. These natives were intended to work in the sugar planta tions, because no white man can or will work in them. The mortality, even amongst those accustomed to work in the tropics, is about 25 per cent. Against this change of policy there has been a great outcry the part of the planters. And now a law has been passed, in accordance with which German labourers are to be introduced at the expense of the State in every possible way by agents, lecturers, &c.; These immigrants are to bind themselves to work for two or three years on the farms— that is to say, the sugar plantations—for 8s. a week all found, under a penalty of three months' imprisonment for violation of con tract. All sorts of allurements will be held out, but I from experience know the facts of the case. The lodging is a miserable hovel, utterly comfortless, just like a pigsty. The rations are salt meat, and occasionally fresh meat, flour to make dampers, tea-leaves which have already lost their virginity in the squatter's teapot, and sugar of the vilest sort. For Europeans work in the hot canefields is almost deadly. Typhus, malaria, liver complaint, dysentery will decimate the people who allow themselves to be entrapped. In a word, they will be treated as slaves, and in accordance with the contempt which the Australians, like the Americans, feel for Germans they will be considered as nothing better than brute beasts. The proprietors of the plantations are for the most part also Justices of the Peace—not in the German sense merely, but with all the authority of a Commissioner of Police, and the complaintB of their slaves must be submitted to them. The Colonial Institutes in Germany should step forward decidedly and petition the Ger man Government to prohibit free emigration from Germany at the expense of the present Queensland Government, and either to expel or silence the agents, &c.;, who, especially in Prussian Poland, Silesia, Danish Scles wig, &c.;, stump the country, deliver lectures, and induce people to sign contracts. The present Queensland Government and the sugar-planters—especially in the northern districts—will leave no stone unturned in order to allure our poorer population to slavery and almost certain death. In this part of the world no labourer, no matter how poor, will work on a sugar plantation. In vain have the planters promised high wages v. petty maintenance; no man will risk it. Is not that the clearest proof that this kind of work cannot be endured by white men, but only by coloured people ? Ninety per cent, of the plantations lie north of the Tropic of Capricorn, and in summer the thermometer stands at from 100° to 110° Fahr. in the shade; in the sugar plantations from 140° to 160° Fahr. Men must work naked, and so white men are liable to a kind of eruption or eczema, from the exhalations from the canes, which under mine tbeir strength and incapacitate them by itchiness from rest or sleep. It is only coloured people who are free from such attacks. 1 have done my duty and sent you mjr warning. I have no doubt that from Brisbane also, the capital, voices of warning have probably reached the central Society in Berlin. But in any case where it is pos sible to warn my countrymen agamst being allured into slavery, like so many beasts of burden, in such a case I thick you and every Society which has members in Queensland ought to lift up no uncertain voice in order to prevent such a shameful result. The hatred of the Queens landers against us is bitter, because we have made it plain that we mean to protect our countrymen in foreign parts and intend to establish colonies. They lavish their gall upon us, as the French do, because they are afraid of us. . . . The south of New Guinea has now been placed under English protection, but so afraid are they of us that the Ministry here expressly states that protection does not imply annexa tion. What a pity it is that we have no direct communication with Germany. Sloman steamers go only once a month as far as Sydney and their German importations are stored by thorough-going Englishmen, and the charges which we have to pay in con sequence of such folly are enormous—about three times as great as we should have to pay if we imported the articles from Germany via England. . . ." 