LOCAL NEWS. Very little of late has beeu heard of the A. Company, Q.D.V., the senior company of tbis district. It is gratifying to learn that tbe company keeps un to its old standard, and the interest of the members in their drill is being main fciiued. Several members have left in search of work, but their places are readily tilled, as fresh recruits offer themselves almost nightly. On Fridav evening last a oaten oieigotnew recruits were sworn 5u, the shortest of whom was oft. SJiu. in height. Several men have beeu rejected by the officers as not up to the standard height. It is expected that the new uniforms for this Company will seen be supplied from the Government stores ; the helmets now in use are being called in, after over eight years' wear aud new ones will be issued immedi ately. Maryborough will soon be able to boast of three of the best companies iu Queensland, both in regard to drill and physique, viz. — A and C Companys of the Defence Force aud the Maryborough Vol unteer Rilie Corps. Tliese companies all being up to within a manor two of their full i-treugth is suflicieut proof thai- the military enthusiasm engendered during the late war scare was uot a more flash iu the pan in Maryborough, as it has proved to be iu other parts of the colonies. Mr. Tuos. Campbell, barristerat law, aud lately member for the Cook electorate, died at Totvusville on Friday night last. He had been laid up at the Imperial Hotel there for three days with an altac-K or astnma, out on .Friday he was seized with convulsive fits which continued until death, the cause of which is said to have been Bright's dis ease. Mr. Campbell was well known in this district. For many years he offi ciated with credit to himself and benefit to the community as the head master of the Gympie primary school. Possessed of high soholastic attainments, he found uo difficulty in securing admission to the bar, but from the day that he relin quished the Gympie school his career was uot a happy one. Being drawn rapidly iuto the troublesome vortex of Liberal politics, he allowed his native patriotism to overcome his judgment, and drifted iuto a legislatorial life before he had permitted his undoubtedly high talents as a barrister to obtain the profit able recognition they deserved. The in evitable pecuuiarp embarrassment fol loweu, auu aouutiess aia much to hasten to a premature end what promised to be a very useful life. Mequiescat in pace. At the Police Court ou Saturday, before the Police Magistrate, James M'Guirk was brought up and charged with stealing X5, the property of Natha uiel Wise. Prisoner was remanded till Tuesday, and was admitted to bail, him self iu tlie sum of £5. and one surety of £5. Gordon Murdoch appeared in answer to a charge of having stolen an album of the value of 30s.; the property of William St. Ledger, landlord of the Diggers Arms Hotel, Tinana. After the heariug of the evidence the Bench con sidered the charge proved, and asked prisoner if he would be summarily dealt with or take his trial at the next sittings of the District Court. The prisoner elected to be summarily dealt with, and was sentenced to oue month's hard labor in Brisbane Gaol. A cricket match was played on the Maryborough reserve on Saturday be tween the Granville Club and the second eleven of the Unions, aud resulted in a draw. The Granyilles scored 39andS5, M. Morgan playing a spirited second innings of 39. The Unions compiled 51 and 40 for 4 wickets. J. Benstead played good cricket for 17 and 18, aud Hum phrey ditto for 15 ; otherwise the cricket was not of a high order, the fielding being, with a few exceptions, very bad. There still remain iu the Immigration Depot about seveu of the new arrivals by tbe Bulitnba, who consist of one married couple and single men. From the srme vessel there arrived by the Derwent, steamer, on Saturday from Brisbane, three Danish single women, who are engaged for service at Tiaro. The trustees of the Grammar School were to raeet to-day, but on account of this being a holiday, the meeting is postponed until Tuesday evening, as notified iu our fixtures. In our police court report in Saturday's issue, in the assault case of Towell v. Campbell, Mr. T. Morton appeared for the successful defendant, not for the plaiutiff, as stated. The Government Gazelle notifies tile following promotions and transfers of teachers in the service of the Department of Public Instruction :— A. J.Briggs.tobe head teacher at Yengarie ; PriscUla Dod son, to be second assistant teacher for girls aud infants at Gympie, One-mile; P. J. M'Dermott to be first assistant tea cher iu the Albert State School, Mary borough. It is understood that Mr. Archibald.' Meston will not offer himself as a candi date for the Musgrave, owing to the pressure of private business. The name of Mr. Cowley, partner of Mr. J. T. Aunear, is mentioned as a likely candi date, aud it is probable that he will stand iu the Government interest. A startling incident is reported by a telegram from Townsville. Captain Child, of the steamer Hampshire reports that while iu the Flores Sea, oft the Island of Sumbawa, he picked up ten men from a small craft, who said their vessel had been entirely wrecked by a whale. No other particulars are to hand. A TAROOsr telegram reports : — A daring case of horse.stealing occurred at Bunaga bin, 30 miles from here, on Sunday night last. The police are in pursuit of the thief. The weather is broiling hot, and there has been no change for the better. Cattle aud horses are dying in numbers all round the district. A Clekmont lady was last week pre sented with a nugget containing lOoz. of gold. The locality where it was found lias been kept secret, but it is believed to be within a mileot'the town. The Gympie horses, Sovereign and Burlord, having gone wrong in then* training at Brisbane, were scratched out of all engagements at the Q.T.C. meeting. James Hears committed suicide at Millcbester by hanging himself. The deceased was the son of a Scottish law lord, but has been addicted to intemper ance for years. Mu. A. F. B. CnuiiH, Solicitor, Bunda berg, is appointed a commissioner for affidavits. The tender of Crystall and Armstrong is accepted for the erection of additions to the Reception House, Maryborough. At Townsville on Friday last Messrs. W. V. Brown, E. K. Russell, aud George Simpson were nomiuated for the Towns ville electorate. At Charters Towers a party of working miners have pegged out tho Government reserve for public buildings as a claim. 