ENGLAND S UNSLEEPING ENEMY. (By J. F. Archibald.) As thotough-gving Australian I am Inexpres sibly grieved to hear of the German annexations in onr km. I, who have been bred and have knocked abont beneath the louthera Gross, and claim to be imbued with whatever of national Hntineat then maw ha in ntir nnnnl.w bm fnr the fiiet time stand beneath the grey northern kiss, and noognise to the foil not only the mag- nificenoe of what we AustialUns have, but also the grandeur of that which we have lost— and lost, alas, to the Power I have eves regarded as the deadliest foe of England. New Guinea wae the Dieemlsnd of the dating buihman, the Si Dorado of the adventurous Aus tralian miner. The digger greybeard, who, efto working the valleye of California in timet gone by, had made a fortune in the long-played-out alluvial of Bendigo, souk it in " duffers" on Wood'e Point, and come at lest to end hit days as a "batter" on the Palmer, at the oamp-fire eonjared up lair pictures of the unknown Lind of the Bird of Paradise, where, in daye that were, but now never are, to come, the bad luck of three decadee of " following the diyginga" wae to be atoned tor by a new " Just-io-Time " or a brighter " Day Dawn," or by a reef like that he out in the " Lady Maty" while he was working for. wages, or by that Charters Towers block (he sold it tor a fiver) which atterwams gave another man £60,000 in a few years, and let him wear hit coat all the time. New Guinea's see and soil cover tho bones (some of them picked clean by the. niggers) of moiethan oae Australian whom I knew. "Full fathom five," among the coral reefB,liettbeakull of Percy Oswald Taoner, literary. Bohemian, of Murrurundi and etaewhrie, and the cunning arm of Trenchard, the Victorian bowler, who, in 1872, left Port Jackson, with many others, in the rotten old brig Maria, for what the luckleea Tanner called '' the realms of tbe Hoki-Paki of onr childhood." The vessel struck on the Bramble, a portion of tee Great Barrier rtef, and the captain deserted her, bat wss killed by the blacks on reaching shore ; the crew and other members of the expedition took to tbe ship's boats, end to two rafts, upon one of which poor Tanner perished on the second night out, aged 28. It has been justly said of him that, added to his ikill as an artist and caricaturist, he had a gift of literary expression which might have made him the Charlsa Lamb of Australia. Seven or eight yeara ago I saw the ill-fated Iogham leave North Queensland in his little steamer Vcura for the glorious island which might well be the dream ol tbe buccaneer— where gigantio cedara grew in clumps susb as ol old were seen on Le banon, aod where, so said the legends of the min ing oamp and the bush-shanty, the tiver drift was thick wtth tin, and there waa gold even in the very granite, I myself have aigbted the New Guinea raogea from the sea, and 1 looked upon them aa outs— as mine. New Britain (which, rather than New Zealand should have been the nune of what ought properly to be called " Maori- land ") will now perhaps be " New Klsass," and New Ireland ma; be known aa " New Lothringeo." The name of the Englishman Owen Stanley (yonnger biother of the late Dean of Westminster), will be blotted ont, and will give way to that of Moltke, Manteuffel, or some otber leader of the great masterful conquering race be fore whioh modern Europe grovels in the doit. We have loetNew Guinea, and the optimiets tell ns that the grapes ars sour— that the island is a tropical and unhealthy one, which the Germans will fin-d uninhabitable and valueless. Ouba, tbe Pearl of the Antilles," is a tropical island. North Queensland was once " uninhabitable," until the fever-stricken pioneers who cm their way tbroagh the miasmetia swamps which fringed its shore hud penetrated to the splendid tablelands of tbe interior, the climate ol whioh ia unsurpassed in the world. The future Australian may yet say of New Guinea, as Oromwell laid of the green valleys of Ireland : " O, my friends, this is a country well worth fighting tor." " Bismarck," writes a distinguished Farlumtnlary correspondent of " The Standard," " might suit ably call the two new German islands 'Glad stone ' and 1 Derby ' after the names of the two eminent men who have assisted Mm in the acquisi tion. .... . The (agist are ready ta gather round the posseseione of the -widest «nd most beneficent empire that history bat ever known. The luture rests with tbe English people, and net with tbsir cravsn Government." Biemarck, the far-seeing and resolute Obanoellor, it " the quintessence of bis day and race." "It is a grava misfortune for England that all the world shoo Id be called for witness the incapacity ol her Ministers, and should be told, in laoguage never used before to such men, that they are not only incapable but also dishonest, not only fools bat also swindlers, This is what Prlnea Biemarck plainly tell tho world about Lord Granville and Lord Derby." Bo writee an iuflatn- tial English paper, which ii lees eon- erned abont our loss ot territory than about our loss ot prestige. Lord Derby eontinuod te baggie with tbe Australian oolonlis as to New Guinea long after he had (in July last)'givea over tbe island to the Germans, Sir Robert Herbert, Per manent Under-Secretary to the Colonlos, now goei about denouncing tbe " treachery " ot Germany In making pnblic wbat bis master, Derby, had hoped to hide from the gaze of the British' Empire. Derby stipulated, firstly, that all tbe negotiations should be kept secret ; and, secondly, that Gai many should not announce her New Gninea annexation until after the rising ot Parliament. Derby had learned nothing from history, Even as Bismarck made a " secret treaty " with the " Man of Destiny "—that " embodiment ot mis understood incapacity "—and than ruined him by publishing it to tbe world, eo he made a secret treaty with Derby. Not that the Iron Chancellor would ruin him. Ho wishes hint to reign that tbe British people may bo ruined, Bismarakhas won, hae announced hiB triumph to the German nation, and ia ptoc aimed a ' traitor" by underling Her bert. But the real traitor to England and to Australia was not the Obaneellor, who owea us no allegiance, but Derby, Herbert's master. For I- sr political crimes men worth ten thousand Derbies bare been impeached. " From what principles of taternatiiual law, whit precedents, what text-books, could tbe right of England to annex New Guinea have been de- duc.d ?"' exclaims one ol the long-haired, reuhetic, highly-pcid Government clerks who write in tbe "Daily News." Let m« answer. The right is In a book mnch older than any legal text-book. It is tbe Book ol Nature, whose lessons tbe great Darwin crystallised in two phrases, "tbe Struggle for Existence " and "the Survival of the Fiiteit." Europe is outgrowing herself, and the struggle for existence will be carried on in every quarter ol the globe. " The riling nation," Bays Bismsrok, "is the nation which takes ; the declining nation is tho one that gives." We did not give freely and opeulr, aa some tsy we coald have afforded to give. We 1 gave "cecauso we were hesitating and weak; I Bismarck took because he was prompt and strong. Jo be beaten in battle wonld be bad. To be ' browbeaten is worse. Ours is a diplomatic Sedan. Bijb the London "Echo": "It wae not for Great Britain to veto German annexation. It may be that in course of time tbe Australians will be strong enough to insist | that adjacent ialands shall be under their . control ; but the time is still distant, and mean while England cannot prevent other Powers from ' taking over these territories. Aod, after all, it ia ; better to have the Germans as neighbours than tbe , Frtncb," The cry that England " cannot " is i.as cry u( a . dying race. The cowardly assnmption j that England mast give the German an indepou- : dent looting in Australasia means that the sarnu 1 British " statesmen " who gabble of federation . c.lmly and basely leave to Australia ths bloody | itV- cy of fighting Germany on the seas, It might | he better for as Australians to have Germans in t in jwn colonies, nnder oar own laws, than French- Litn ; bat II we are to have national as well as merely commercial rivals, let us ratbor welcome : tbe French, whom we have out-traded and out- /ought in every quarter ot the earth, than the sub- ; jects of that great Power whose dsstiny is to absorb the rest ot Denmark, to swallow up Holland and her splendid colonies to onr north, | and thereby to become aa great a maritime i she i is a military power. Even now, tbe pure Teuton ! is face to face with tho Anglo- Gelt— for the first | time in history the German is tbe direct rival ol ; tut Briton, Who Bball fortell the result ? | Let us suppose that England had supported Sir Tim, M'llwraith, annexed New Guinea and imp i: ic£<3 over the other PiWi&q; Irianis, If is no cant to say that this wonld have been better in the interest of civilisation. England, through her free colonial institutions, would have hsld these .territories in fee for the benefit of all mankind, including Germany, whose emigrant would by natural processes, bave been merged into the general English-speaking, population ; whereas under the stern unbending military rule of the Fatherland there will be little room beneath tbe German flag for alien colonists. In an English colony we do not inquire as to a man's birthplace, Wa only aak Mm to obey the lawa, wMcb an tho same to all men. Bismarck objected to England claiming, nnder tbe Monroe doctrine, eovereignty over the Mtherto unappropriated lands ad jaoeat to oat pomemions. It did not occur to Lord Derby to reply that tbia waa the strongest argument in favour of a British ao Delation. Who can fail to see that the United States, ss the dominant power of tbe North Ameri can Ooutinsni, are thoroughly justified in Insisting that no Karopean power ahall do aa Napolson III. triad to do when be endeavoured to gain tor Fiance a footing at the door ot the great hepublie? The establishment «t tho Freneh in Mexico would have meent contact of the . nations and ooapUca- Uoes leading to war. Had the French been in Mexiao in the time ot the Civil war, Napoleon would have been able to carry out his cherished design of helping the Confederates to split up the BepuMie. This is but sn illustration. The politioal wisdom at applying the Monroe doctrine to tbe South Sew ia equally evident, and should above all be admitted by those who eternally prate ebout peace and goodwill. Englishmen, ;Germans and French men would, had we annexed, all have lived under one fisg— whether that flsg'wen tbe.Union Jack or the Australian ensign. Under such a flag then would indeed be room fot ell. But the " room-for-ell " doctrine ad vanced by those who objected to completing Eng lish domination in tbe South Seas, on tho soon that Getmany was joatly entitled to a pert of the werld's waste lands, meansjnot founding a com posite nation on aa English basis, baiit np ont of heterogenous immigration— it meana a mere re- prod uc> ion under the Southern Gross of the ntagoniatio state of Europe— with their armies, navies, war-taxes, and conscriptions. It is the innocence of tho emacoulatcd peace- loving shopkeeper, who believe that the lamb and the tiger cau be playmates — who thinks that be, poor wretcb, i prompted by the same instincts as Bismarck's fighting animal, the Ublan. In Ger many eveiytbing is subordinated to military organisation— whether a man he a nobleman, a professor, a shopkeeper, he ie a soldier. In Eng land to-day there ie a small hireling army, composed mainly of the sweepings of the atreet and tfficered by an aristocratic clique whioh ha but lately gone to school. There is a splendid tradi tion that the British rough in a red coat ia the finest soldier in the world. This langhable fiotioa has even survlvsd Maiwand and Majuba Hill. Yet there are men who, noised in the old doetrina that one Englishman ia far better than three foreigners, are ready to bslieve that the very regi ments which scampered away fiom a handful of straight-shooting Boers would stand solid before the magnificent legions ot Moltke and Man teuffel. Along with tho peaceful, ehopkeeping and dawdling tendencies which now appear to be completely dominant in the councils of England, there has arisen a stratge parody of Ghristanity. In this very hour of our national degradation, Mr Gladstone, the British Premier, is reading " the tassons" at Hawarden Ohurob, aod Mr. Caine, the Civil Lord of the Admiralty, is preach ing from a Baptist pulpit, on the text, "The feat of the Lord Is the beginning ol wisdom." The fear of Bismarak would just now Bhow coniidsraole wisdom in a Lord of the Admiralty. We Britishers are almost too good to live — in or adjacent to Europe, The " able editor" and tbe " great'" statesman are both tolling us to " turn the other check to the amiter" so long aa we can keep the shop opes. Mr Oeine tells us thai mono! ail netions are brothers. Gain and Abel were brothers. In this tecs-, perhaps, our elder brother ie tbe German, who, leao, atrong aod hnogry, emerges likes woll from the Tburiogiao forest. The Bible, we are told, is " the secret of England' greatneas " Onr good Protestant brother the German has a Bible too. He scads in it : "An eya for an eye and a tooth for a tooth," and " The Lord is a Lord of Hosts,"— that ia to say of Unlans and Land- wehr and Pomeranian Grenadiers, For Gladstone's benefit Disraeli oace said oyni- cally said that cosmopolitanism was "tbe love of every country but one'e own." He alluded to the inglorious cosmopolitanism ot oowsrdica— wi>h wbicbthe well-fed ihopkeoper, who ehtvenia the doorway whan he sees the armed brigand, oomee forward and ray, " Let as be brothers;" tbe other and nobler 'cosmopoli tanism is that ot conscious streogtb, with wMob the peoples of America and Australia have wel comed toil-worn exiles of all raosa and religion, Only tbe strong statoemen can afford to be jnst. The justice meted out by the loeerof a Majuba ! Hill is mistaken for oowaidles and derided by tbe : nations of the earth. | " The French invasion " need to be the Eogilah ' tCle nolr. Still we hasp upon it. But supposing j onr kind friends the Germane made up their minds I to invade England, whioh has now no allies— the ' Teuton might gain the support or neutrality : of Franoe by giving her one provinoe beck, or : "arranging" as to Belgium? England could not ; offer France so good a bargain— she could not give | her an inch of soil. On the first murmur of German invasion, the Hussions, who are even now at or near Herat, would ponnee down upon India with Turcoman and Coeaeck legions, aided from witMn by a hundred insurrections. Wbat would ; then be onr poeition? France owes ns a bitter grndge. We have done nethlng fnr her but jeer at her humiliation. The only country in Europe which would even have a sentimental regret for us would be Italy, whose sorrow would, and moat, begin and end in sentiment. Disraeli's leading Ides, ere he concluded Mm German alliance, was that, the British army being so email, a mere navy was not enough to ensure security, and that the national existence itself might depend upon onr having allies. Now, England has neither allies nor army. Bhe has even alienated Booth Afrits and Australia, and given them an inheritance of war to absorb their energies. Hee navy is no match for the combined fleets ot any two other great powers ; it is armed with muzzle- loaders, and wonld fight against tbe Frenel) and Germans jnst as the Austrisns fought against the Prustian needle- gun at Koniggratz. The volun teers are not encouraged — they ire neglsoted and ignored. Tho militia ie in a rotten at>te — an index to ill condition ia that it ia over 800 offlceis short. The Hue regiments are decimated — distributed in thousands and hnndreda and dozens all over tbe earth. There are ao few men at Aldershot, the "great " English military camp, that the newspapers id viae the aathoritie to have the men paraded in a barrack-room instead of exposing to Bismarck the nakedness ot thelaod. The otber day one British steamer took 2000 troops to Egypt. A steamer which will carry 2000 troops a long journey would carry 3000 men from Fiance or from Germany in a night, and G -rut any and France have scores of such steamers, A Binglo great British naval disaster woold be followed by a blockade which would starve Eng land ont in aix monthv, or by the landing, at various points, of armies large enongh to coaqusr ns, even as William of Normandy conquered the Saxon king and changed the dvnasty by one de cisive Little, Englishmen learn no lesions from history, The record ot the pist does not illumine the pith of the present, England's coasts are her only fortifications. Our people are brave ; but what now ia bravery without organisation ? We have no better national lecder than Harold was. Relatively we could not bring auoh an army against tbe German hordei as ho biought jgc inst tho Dake of Normandy, From tho d»;r :f ib.- Romans, 60 years betore Christ, w have ver aii:..:..'tfally resisted the invition of a foe which his guiuod a footing on our ooait. Kngl» ad ni in turn been Roman, Saxon, Danish, Norman ; she my yet be German. Every Englishman has on hi tongue the reputed saying of Oount Moltke that " ha know ii waft of getting into England ; but not one of getting out again." Eagland is a pleasant country. Moltke and Co. might not wish to get ont. Tbe " universal brotherhood," and peace-at-an;- prioe party say — "(Let us not add another inch to onr already unwieldy ompire." This is the policy wMch has inflamed the cupidity of the Germans. Eagland tempta tbe world by bar weilth, yet the English shopkeeper teste smugly and anugly in the false and hollow aaoarity ot hit national vanity, while the stolid, eteadfsst Teuton marches on in battaliocs towards the fulfillment ol his dream ot universal power— now oecretly encouraging the Boers against ns in Sonth Afrioa— now pushing the Russians towards ImlU — now annexing New Cx-w-wff divti.ing ia.o l'qnquia ;hs Jjjctt ot onr quondam allies, the Freneh— finding hun dreds ot officer for tho Ghineee mm; — keeping England embroiled in Egypt— aetata territory ia But and West Afrieo— aatabliahlng n German ktagdam on the Congo — getting command of the hew Chinese- Australian mail vonte ta Torre Btraite— under-selliog the Bugliahmaa even ta the centre ot hit own empire., " Let us be brotheie, aa wa ere Ohiiallone— let ns rather welcome tho peaoaful rivalry of on more-tban- halt-hrother," says tbe black-canted boorgebie of Exeter Hall, even while Wolaeley ie catting black, throats in the Soudan end , the Archbishop of Canterbury is praying that hs suy ent them well. Bnt Nature ia pagan ; there ia no brotherly love or gentteneea in the inexorable low that the fitteet must survive. Commercial rivalry ii bnt the precursor of war : disguise itaa wo may, tht combative instinct Is still strong la the strong men, end will only die with " the lata tot the olden leaven." Attar the next greet Earopeaa war, the Gtrmnn-apeaktag region of Anarrin will ooare benf nth the banner ot Von Moltket and ths dream ot Barb reran will he fulfilled. The aelMeujtaw atelwert popnlatirn id the jouageet hat gieetest el empires ia " namfioasaud prolific enough to tafait both hemispheres in a handled yen re." The tra mmed aleepirg Englishman onnaot afford to he tha " broiher" of hnagsy Gobbstt who holds the nxa. The Germans an aur "brothers," bat "e men's entmivs shall be of his own household." Tho only war in this wesld's history which wonld make the eonqaesor rich wonld be one in volving n "bottle of Dotkieg" end the sur render of Lonion. " Vet n city te rack 1" exclaimed Blacker, ai he rode down Gheepside niter the battle of Waterloo— and Mi words to-day fled eeho ta the heart of millione of Ma needy countrymen, Tha energias ot Germany ore ab sorbed ta her army end in territorial acquirement; England la iileep. The final cnah may oome, not when some remote desoendant ol Tawhtio or Te Whecro smokes bii pipe on London Bridge end "gaze at the rutat of St. Paul's," bnt when Pomeranian grenadier mount guard at the Bank of England and Prnaaian helmets are seen through the olnb windows of Piccadilly. It ia written on the wall that Australia skill ho federated from without, not from within— not by a set of vestryflsd, intriguing politicians, jealous as women, bnt by the common onvmy. We use not yet n notion. Compared with Victoria and Queensland, New South wales, tbe oldest, richest, and most impottant of the Australasias, ho as y« no solid national aspiration. Fraooe united Germany. Germany may yet unite Australia. The Fatherland, it was prophesied by Blamarak long'era the Franoo-Pruitian war coald only bo welded together by " blood and iron," not by tho votes of majorities or the motationi of Diets. Bismarck bad read hiitory, Without was, Virginia wonld never have joined New England ; nod with out tbe long struggle against n common foe, thero would have been no Uoited States ot America. In this leaped tbe storv of ell nation ia tbe same. The so-called statesman ot New South Wales may after all have unconsciously contributed to ton consolidation of the Australian communities, and tbe ereatlon of an Auatralian nation. London, March 1886, 