South Australia. ADELAIDE, Feidat. By tbe outgoing Orient steamship Liguria, tbe .Adelaide Fortechritts-Yerein are sending a splendid 'ipeeimen of colonial Bilver ware to Germany for pre teatation to Prince Bismarck on April 1st, it being the anniversary of bis 70th birthday. The present cou lists of so Emu egg, heavily mounted is silver, in the form of an inketand, and ie of unique draiga. The Spanish Vice-Coneul is inviting «nbecriptions &g; ike benefit of the sufferers by the earthquakes in fitutn 'S&TPRDAT.; Hie report of tbe Adelaide University for 1884 has. fceen publiihed. During the year rive freah under fraduatee haw proceeded to the arts conree, and 11 to Jaws; 42 are now etud yiag laws. The lecturee have i»en attended by 53 undergraduates and 99 other students. 51 candidates matriculated last year, and 60 famed the junior examination. 48 etudenta attended tn« lacfcuiBS on pbyeiology, The income for the year, ?xchiflive of iendowmente, nu £8189. George Whiteford, « boy living at Thebarton, was kocidentally ebot on Thursday evening, while another boy was hanging up a gun which he thought to be Unloaded. The latter pulled the trigger, and a charge *f amtll shot exploded lull in the face and nepk of Whiteford. The first annual meeting of the Trade tnd Labour Council was htld on Friday night. One htmdred and aighty-flve trade and labour societies are represented on the council, comprising 6000 members. Tbe member ship during #ie yeu«omewhat haa been reduced owing %p the deprseeion in trade, which hae drives some Bechanicfl to the other ooloniea. The report chiefly 4atlt with tbe overcrowded state of the labour market, tnd tbe meanB taken by the council for eecuriog Ihe atoppBge of assisted State immigration, and -to tits Employers Liability .Act passed last session. The Wport also strongly recommended an agitation In favour of protection and the prevention of Chinese aheap labour in tbe mercantile marine. It also re ferred to the steps taken to useUt the Melbourne iooked-ont bootmakers. A £re broke out in Burrows's batter'e shop at tbe Semaphore, early this mornitig, which did considerable ianwge. The property destroyed was worth £1000. A telegram lias been received by the Mining Depart ment stating tbat rich finde of chloride of silver had 1weo ni&de;, to the north of Mount Gipps, and also to Ibe eonth'of The Pinnacles and west of Pornamoota* Monday. This morning, aboit a quarter past 1 o'clock, afire iroke out in tbe premues occupied by Mr. Krapenbubl, Watchmaker. The flames quickly epread over the shop, but were soon extinguished, though sot before con siderable damage was done to tbe etock, amounting to tlose on £1400. The flames penetrated to Mr. Jones' photographic studio «nd Mr. Werbrust'a etationer's ibop. The buildings, which are situated at tbe comer -f Hindley and King ~William streets, are the property ?f the Hon. A. Hay. Tbe stocks were all insured. About 7 o'clock this morning, without any warning, I gust of wind ewept over the city, carrying with it flense cloutis of duet, blowing down large trees' in the fiark lands, damaging tbe gardens and fruit trees, and slowing in the front of a shop on tbe parade, Korwood. tbe gale only lasted a few minutes. By tbe It M.S. Liguria, a well-known firm of Ger man seedsmen eest tbe seeds of 70 varieties of Austra lian plants to Prince Bismarck for cultivation in his garden at Yarzin. Tbe annual report of tbe Wallaroo mines for the last year shows that .20,985 tons of copper or« were raised jdnrini; the year, leturcuig 6469 tone of refined copper, tut owing to the low price of copper the profit for tbe fear waeonly £1686. Tuesday. 'William Akin, ag«d 18, was convicted at tbe Criminal BesBioce to-day of unlawfully wounding Charles Parks, it East Adelaide, on November 19. He was sentenced to three years' bard labour. During the wedding fes tivities on the occasion of the marriage of tbe proee sntor's son some larrikins assembled and created a dis turbance. The prosecutor and his gueste expostulated, Und tbe prisoner drew a knife and stabbed Parks. In consequence of the reported sickness and typboid Sever at Qergott Springe amongst tbe railway camps, the Colonial Surgeon, Dr. Patenon, bas arranged to Visit the place and report upon the outbreak. In tbe swimming match of 1000 yards for tbe cbam faonfbip of the colony, which took place last night at ] 4be City Baths, Frank Moore, who has held Ibe cbam- - pionship of the colony for many years, defeated M, Kenny, the champion of Australia, by a .yard* Kenny was mueh exhausted. 'WEDSE6DAT. Eiias Tongue wac convicted yesterday at tfae Supreme Court criminal titling* of bigamy. Defendant was married to Lilian Oareon in Victoria in 1672 by the Bxr. ti. Kinsman, minister of the Free Church of Bnglond, ami last year he married in this colony one Alpha Toupetua in the nam* at fiillysr. It was sub toitted lor the defence ttmi it vu Absolutely neeeefc&ry; to prove the law of the country in which the legal fuatriage was eli«ged to hive taken place. The point was reserved for th» .Fail Court, asd the prisoner was liberated on bail. Charles Shemore, a Danish aeaman, wae convicted yesterday of unlawfully woonding Christopher Ofiican, A Norwegian. The two men were drinking together -tnd quarrelled, when Ibe jtroseautor stivdt praoner, Who drew a eheath-kaife ani vUbbec him 'tn eever&l; places. Sheiuore was eenteoced to nine montbfi'im prisonment. It ie rumoured tbat « coalfield hae teen discovered in the neighbourhood of Fart Wafee&eid;, and a committee of local residtttts hm been icrm«d, the membere of whioh will aabaeobe tbe tiC-Odcsary funde to prosecute a £ligent search. Tie aorthera p^bnaatan renort that there have teen . ? - ?-?- -'.i'l' ': * serious delays with the mails, in consequence of the heavy floods in the north. 