CHOLERA OUTBREAK. WHEN the Dorunda arrived in Moreton Bay, Dr. Hickling reported that since leaving Townsville there had been twenty-eight cases of cholera on board, and that ten of them had ended fatally. Three dangerous remained, and these have succumbed to the disease. Two of them - Frank Needes and Cornelius Daly died while the vessel was at the anchorage in Moreton Bay, and the Other, John Blow, died yesterday at noon. Up to the present there have been thirteen cases which have proved fatal. Some fresh cases are reported, but it would be more correct to say that some of the milder cases have become serious. The number of those stricken has not increased, and the health of the passengers generally has decidedly improved. Amongst the single girls there has been but one death, and they are now entirely free from the disease There were seven cases amongst the single men, but Dr. Hickling stated yesterday that they were now also untainted. The child in the saloon which had choleraic symptoms is now convalescent, and the malady exists now only amongst the married people. Judging from these facts, Dr. Wray, the health officer, is of opinion that the contagion is not spreading. DEPARTMENTAL ARRANGEMENTS. Early yesterday morning the officers of the Colonial -Secretary's Department were again busily occupied with departmental arrange- ments of a precautionary character. Stores and provisions for the Quarantine Station were being obtained and sent on board the Otter, and agreements were being entered into with nurses and assistants for Peel Island. A tele- graph operator, in the person of Mr. A. D. McCurdy was engaged, and a fresh set of telegraphic instruments was obtained for his use. A hitch occurred in connection with one of the men who had been engaged on the previous day as an attendant. We refer to Mr. R. J. Dennis, who, on the strength of his appointment, hired a cab and drove to a num- ber of hotels and shops soliciting donations in kind for the unfortunates on Peel Island. At Jordan's Australian Hotel he received a case of three-star brandy and at Messrs. Gordon and Gotch's a number of books. At the Ulster Hotel, at the Longreach Hotel, and at Lennon's Hotel he was unsuccessful. From Messrs. Watson and Ferguson he got some books, and from Messrs. Bain and Co. groceries. Even- tually he gave the cabmen an order on the department for his fare. In all this he acted entirely without authority. He turned up, however, in the morning at the Colonial Secre- tary's office with the goods he had collected, and apparently in high spirits. The officers of the department were of course surprised, and had they not been more amused than indignant, Mr. Dennis might have been charged with a rather serious offence. They contented themselves, however, with obtaining from him a list of the donors of the goods with the view of returning the gifts, and with giving Dennis his congé. Minor matters having been arranged, a long consultation took place between the Colonial Secretary and Dr. Wray, and the latter sub- mitted the following suggestions :- (1) That all vessels from Batavia should undergo seven days' quarantine at Cooktown. (2) That no immigrant ship should ever be allowed to call at Batavia. (3) That all health officers should be instructed to have health reports of vessels filled up and signed by the surgeon and captain before pro- ceeding on board to examine the crew and passengers. (4) That is was desirable to have an assistant health officer in Brisbane with power to act in case of an outbreak of sickness in the city. (5) That four male and four female nurses should be engaged to form the nucleus of a local nursing staff, which would be under the control of the assistant health officer. (6) That as New South Wales requires all vessels leaving Queensland ports to be quarantined, the passengers and crew of each vessel leaving this port should be examined before de- parture, and that this work should be done by the assistant health officer. The Colonial Secretary decided that he would recommend to the Governor-in-Council that Dr. Usher be appointed Assistant Health Officer for Bris- bane. The other suggestions were also taken into his favourable consideration. It is pro- bable that Dr. Wray will take an opportunity of urging to-day that all the Dutch ports in the Malay Archipelago be proclaimed as in- fected ports. THE OTTER AT PEEL ISLAND. At about 10 o'clock yesterday morning the Otter left Brisbane with stores and provisions for Peel Island. On board were Dr. Wray, Mr. McCurdy, the telegraph operator, Atten- dant Hamburg, and a representative of this paper. At Lytton the steamer was also joined by Sub-inspector Wassall. The stores comprised 7cwt. of ice, 20 iron camp bed- steads, fibre mattresses and pillows, 10 double bell tents, l8 sheep, besides beef, potatoes, fresh bread, and 3 coops of fowls. Half of the meat supply was in a bad condition before the Otter left the wharf, and on arrival at the Quarantine Station was alive with maggots. The fowls were in rickety patchwork sort of boxes, not worth a shilling, and yet as it trans- pired, the vendor had notified in his invoice that unless they were returned (and that they cannot be from the Quarantine Station) the price would be 25s. ! The landing of the stores was carried out with great expedition by Mr. Watkins, superintendent of Dunwich, and three of his black boys, and Dr. Wray super- vised the work personally. The goods were all deposited on the end of the jetty below high water mark. The boat - Mr. Watkins's one was used exclusively - was never allowed to touch the jetty. The black boys who did the stevedoring were also kept in the water. A safer method of landing provisions would be difficult to devise, for the strip of stones on which they were placed is submerged twice every twenty-four hours. When the Otter anchored, many of the quarantined passengers were strolling about the grounds and beach and apparently enjoying their circumscribed liberty on terra firma. Most of the men were at work erecting tents, and the majority of the single women were in the enclosure set apart exclusively for them. Children were romping about in all directions, and playing on the sands. Adults of mature years were seated in gossiping groups under the verandas of the cottages. Stragglers in the vicinity of the jetty were soon called away from its neighbour- hood, so as to leave a clear coast for the boat from the Otter. The first boat-load consisted of the eighteen sheep, which, on regain- ing their liberty, scampered away amongst the mangroves, and afforded the youth- ful immigrants some sport in recapturing them. Mr. McCurdy, on landing, conveyed with him a large number of letters and papers, and for the next half- hour the people were absorbed in the reading of their private epistles and of the news of the day. From the Otter it was also noticed that tents were being erected in front of the buildings. These, it was subsequently ascertained, were in- tended for the single men, and it trans- pired that the man Castles, one of the two left by Dr. Wray on the island, had misunder- stood his instructions, and that Dr. Hick- ling was in consequence also under a misapprehension. Dr. Wray had in- structed Castles to erect some tents in a particular ¡place for the use of the saloon passengers if they preferred them to the permanent buildings, and to show Dr. Hick- ling the spot on the back beach where the single men on former occasions were camped. The mistake was explained by Dr. Wray to Dr. Hickling, who will probably adopt Dr. Wray's ideas on the matter. DR HICKLING INTERVIEWED. When the work of landing the stores was finished the Dunwich boat, containing Dr. Wray, Mr. Watkins, a Courier reporter, and the three natives, anchored a few yards off the jetty, and Dr. Hickling approached to make a verbal report. Dr. Hickling looked some- what anxious and careworn but not so much so as on Monday last. Dr. Wray threw on shore to him a list of the stores landed. The interview then commenced. Dr. Hickling remarked that he had a number of telegrams for Brisbane, but as he had now an operator on the island they could wait until the instrument was put in order. The passen- gers, however, were very anxious to know when they could send letters to their friends. Dr. Wray said he wanted to know in the first place whether they would require any more stores next day. Dr. Hickling: We shall want fresh meat. Dr. Wray: I have only landed half of what we brought down to-day. The other half has gone wrong. I don't think there is a bit of use trying to bring meat down here, but you can get plenty of sheep. You are quite satisfied when I tell you that half of to-day's supply has gone wrong? Dr. Hickling: Oh, yes. Perhaps we had better have a live bullock occasionally. Dr. Wray: I would recommend that you should confine yourselves to sheep, as there would be a difficulty in landing bullocks. Mr. Spry has kindly offered to send you two milch cows, and as Mr. Watkins says he can land them, I will try to bring them down. Dr. Hickling: That will be a great boon, for we want fresh milk badly. Dr. Wray: As to the sending of letters by passengers we will commence to receive them on Friday. If there are any of great impor- tance I can take a few to-day. Dr. Hickling: I do not think there are any ready, besides they will have to be fumigated, and that will take some time. Dr. Wray: Yes, fumigate them and bring them to the jetty on Friday, and I will then put them in my fumigating box. Have you looked at the disinfecting chamber? Dr. Hickling: Yes; and I think it will answer the purpose. What about the baggage on the Dorunda? We want all the boxes out of the hold. Dr. Wray: You will have to fetch the bag- gage on shore in the ship's boats. Dr. Hickling: We want some pick-axes, a supply of lead and opium pills, and lime water. Dr. Wray: You can make lime-water for yourselves, as you have two bags of stone-lime on shore. Dr. Hickling: All right. We want 12 dozen of stout, 12 dozen of beer, 2 cases of best brandy, 10 gallons of rum for the men, and a couple of regulation case books. I will now give you the health report. As soon as you left yesterday we buried the body still remaining on the Dorunda, and then landed the passen- gers. All the passengers were on shore by 5 o'clock. I found the hospital tent pitched in a very suitable place, and the buildings all right and clean. Dr. Wray: Yes, Mr. Watkins had the buildings scrubbed twice. Dr. Hickling: Not having time to pitch tents for the single men I put them into one of the houses last night. I am now having tents erected for them, and after that I will separate the married men from the married women, as the families are complaining very much at having to live with each other. Dr. Wray said that on former occasions the single men were always put into tents on the back beach. They wore less trouble there, and the women and children could, under that arrangement, use the front beach for bathing, if a tent was erected as a bathing-house. He advised Dr. Hickling to inspect the back beach site for himself. Dr. Hickling resumed: When we landed I had five sick patients. Dr. Wray: Any of them dangerously ill? Dr. Hickling: Yes, and one man named John Blow died to-day at noon. He had been suffering from typhoid symptoms. There was one fresh case yesterday, that of a man named John Westwood. He is now dangerously ill and in a state of collapse. There was another case to-day, that of a child of Con- stable Howitt, 3½ years old. It was put into hospital at 6 o'clock this morning and it is now very ill. Hans Petersen's wife is also in a dangerous state. There was a great change in her case during last night. I have five cases of mild diarrhœa. One is a child named Smith, another a child of Westwood's, and another a child named William Henry Williams. Mrs. Savage, a constable's wife, and William Williams, a married man, are also suffering from the same complaint. The single girls are all well, so also are the single men. Some of the saloon passengers are complaining, but of nothing of any conse- quence. Mr. Salter's child is better. The people, as a whole, are very comfortable, and are fairly well housed. This ended the conversation, and Dr. Wray returned in the Otter to Brisbane. As the Otter left the crew of the Dorunda were burn- ing her fittings and bedding on Bird Island, and were making quite a big bonfire. The patients now in hospital at Peel Island are - Sergeant Ferres, of the Defence Force; Mrs. Clemenson; Mrs. Petersen (Danish); John Westwood, married man; and a child of Constable Hewitt. Whether the Otter will visit Peel Island again to-day will not be known until this fore- noon. PRECAUTIONS OF LOCAL BODIES. BRISBANE MUNICIPAL COUNCIL. Ten additional sub-inspectors of nuisances have been taken on by the Municipal Council, and these will be solely engaged in examining the yards and ground attached to each house, to see that they are kept clean, and particularly to look after the service drainage. The removal of nightsoil and rubbish by the contractors is being very closely looked into - a little more closely, in fact, than the contractors like, and arrangements have been made for disinfectants to be placed in each pan (at the expense of the corporation), after being cleansed and steamed at the depot, and before being brought into the city. Large quantities of disinfectants have been applied to the manholes, drains, and watertables during the last few months, while the cleansing of the sewers has been carefully attended to. Since Friday, also, the quantity of disinfectants has been largely increased. The mayor has issued a notice cautioning shopkeepers and the public against the sale and use of decaying fruit, and a list of places at which disinfectants may be procured is published in our advertising columns. A charge of 2d. per lb. will be made. ITHACA DIVISIONAL BOARD. A special meeting of the Ithaca Divisional Board was held yesterday afternoon at the offices, Victoria Chambers, Queen-street. Present: Messrs. J. Guthrie (in the chair), J. Campbell, W. McC. Park, J. Dennis, J. Hicks, and J. A. Buchanan. The chairman said that he was glad to see such a large attendance, as they had met to discuss the very important question of the cholera outbreak, and to con- sider what preventive steps they should take. He had had an interview that day with the Colonial Secretary, and it was decided that the board should do everything it could in the matter. He had called them together to see whether they would endorse the action he had taken in appointing a few extra inspectors; for as the people would not clean their yards themselves, it was necessary that the board should do it for them, and consider the ex- penses afterwards. They should avoid any- thing like a scare, but it was absolutely neces- sary to be prepared for the introduction of the disease. He reminded them of the good old saying of Cromwell to "Trust in Providence, but keep your powder dry," and he (the chairman) would say that they could trust in Providence as much as they liked, but they must keep their backyards clean. After a short discussion, it was decided, on the motion of Mr. Hicks, seconded by Mr. Buchanan, that an additional inspector be appointed in each subdivision, and that the necessary assistance be obtained to carry out the recommendations of the inspectors. On the motion of Mr. Hicks, seconded by Mr. Buchanan, it was agreed that a deputation, consisting of the chairman, Messrs. Campbell, Park, and F. Beattie, M.L.A., chairman of the Booroodabin Divisional Board, should wait upon the Colonial Secretary, to impress upon him the necessity of having the manure depot removed from its present site and the Milton and Red Jacket swamps drained. This concluded the business. THE employes of Messrs. J. Kitchen and Sons and Apollo Company, Limited, spent a very pleasant evening at the Bulimba Candle Fac- tory recently, the occasion being the presenta- tion of a very handsome timepiece, with suitable inscription engraved thereon, to Mr. David Donaldson, the late manager of the works, on hia departure for Wellington, al ew Zealand, where he is to have the management of the company's large and extensive factory. The presentation having been made in a very appropriate manner by Mr. Singer, the oldest employé, in the name of all present, and the usual toasts honoured, some good songs were well given by several of the company, and all present having thoroughly enjoyed themselves, the meeting terminated with the usual vote of thanks to the chairman. THE Melbourne Argus writing of some unusually extravagant "social purity" pro- ? posais in Victoria, says :-" A profitable trade ' in ' blackrac.il ' is one of the most immediate effects of 'acrusade ' such a« some people are attempting te set on wheels in this colony. A «imitar movement in South Australia led to the establishment of a regular system of social 'terrorism, worked by an infamous woman, who took advantage <pf the ' moral awakening ' in Adelaide to opes a house there and entrap young fellows of ^ood social position inside her doors. As aeon as she got them in her teils, she demanded a round sum, under threat of handing tteir names over to the 'crusading' newspapers, and commencing an action lot 'breach of promise.' The business paid well. And the woman netted some hun- dreds. Oae of her victims, however, refused to be bled, ead before the action with which he was threatened carne on, the woman cleared out of Adelaide with her spoil«. It is an ill wind which blows aobody any good, and there are what Lord Beaconsfield would call 'two profits' in an agit&tion; for making people chaste by Act of Parlament-the newspaper organs of the crusade can print matter tvJiith is usually indictable, and the blackmat¿cr eaps a harvest" i 