TO CORRESPOXIHiXTS.' "Electra."—Tile action of tile piay oi " Hamlet is supposed to take jilace aiiout the time of the reign of the Danish kings over England — a period which extended from 1010 to 1012. There are, however, a number of anachronisms in the play in the siiape of referenc es to circumstances which did not exist until a much later (late. The story of Hamlet is first told, so far as we know, in the "Tlistoria Dauica" of Saxo Gramniatieus, a writer who lived about a d. 1150-1220, and wrote his work about 1180-1203. The story was afterwards incorporated in " llelleforc.st's Ifistoires Tl'agiques" (1570), whence it was translated into English. " Alucko Myers" writes" Now that it is decided that our volunteers" services are not required for the •Soudan war, and I believe it was estimated that £120,000 would be provided for the equipment of the v arious forces to the scene of action, I, as a citizen, suggest-the following to the immediate consideration of Parliament1. That twelve thoroughly practical miners be each employed over a gang of say 50 men of our unemployed, making a total of 1,G0U men, to be prov ided with all necessaries suitable for working cm a diggings. 2. That such parties search for gold and other minerals in the range that is con tinued from the Darossa gold diggings right through to the Eeliunga and Jupiter Creek diggings, of course passing through the well provc c! diggings of Mount Pleasant and. Dlumbarg. 3\. That in the event of during such search for gold a coal mine being struck (which would lie very accep table to us) a special reward be provided for the fortunate party or parties that should discover the same. 4. Let" our members imagine that £30,001) only has been spent over the Soudan war in sending our forces there, and apply the same amount to the carrying out of the foregoing suggestions, thus em ploying" our hundreds of unemployed over the approaching winter, and giving our gold- hearing hills what they require—a complete turning over." " Stoxecttter writes Allow me to bring under the notice of those who are interested in tiie welfare of the unemployed the fact that hut for the extraordinary privilege granted to contractors of a certain class, more cspeciallv to those who arc erect ing the Parliament buildings, many of the unem ployed woidd be otherwise engaged tliau patrolling tlie streeis day after day. I shall only attempt to deal with- those of my own class, viz., stonecutters. There are two large buildings in the city supposed to be going on in full swing, and if that were the case they would employ about fifty cutters, whereas they are only employing' about a dozen between the two jobs. Now it docs not require much enquiry to lincl out who is to blame for over forty being ranked with the unemployed, and if this half-hearted way of carrying on those works does not take a change before long- many of the number mentioned above will be included amongst those who are obliged to emigrate to the other colonics : and, as I heard it remarked the other day, will take the cream with them, which I suppose means all their savings. I noticed iiv a sub- leader in l-'riday'.s Atlrerli-icr the statistics of immigrationand emigration. 1 shall only take those from January 1, viz:—1,715 immigrants, and 2,203 emigrants, or a decrease of 578. We will say that 3(iu of that number arrived six years ago penniless. Since that time they have managed to save £gc'0 each. They have taken all this with them, thus showing in one sense of the word a loss to the wealth of the colony of £40,000 within the first seven weeks oi this v car. Now, if this state of affairs is ailowecl to exist when will South Australia he able to clear her debt off, and how much more will the people require to be taxed for that purpose':" "A SfBStniBKit."—The answer to your question depends on circumstances. We have no time to enter into intricate calculations on the subject. Why not work it out yourself? "Tin M.\s Bartlktt."—We are informed by Dr. Foboniburgk that the plant known as the imtive melon is not. poisonous. "Gi.knklo."—No. " t. ty" —The figures v on give arc all odd numbers, and ibelt-fore five"of them could not make twenty or anv other even number. •' Fi-is-cmkkk," Kadir,a.--Yes ; it is always under stood that the odds o: " Pawn and move" signifies '• !< if Pawn and move." " J. l-'or the junior examination at the I m veisitv. candidates must lie under sixteen years of age on .Mme 1 in the vcar in which they present them selves, hut. the I'mvcrsity Council have under con sideration a prcqx'sal to alter tiie age to seventeen. A candidate for the matriculation most beat least six teen y i a is of age. You can obtain all information as lo flu- subjects of examination from tiie calendar icsuc-d by 1 he council. A. N." c understand that it. is usual for a civ il c r ginCer lo Igive some practical experience ill an (■ugii.i-ei'.x workshop to qualify himself for his profes sion. " i.xquseu: lie is not entitled to a laud grant at sdl. " MUi-.i.-ilii: ::," I trie street.—To obtain a .situation on a :-bip or steamer ,v Ott. must, apply to the captain Of the vessel. 