SHtq J)ii]iiii|n;. WEDNESDAY, JULY 29, 1885. It is certainly somewhat peculiar, and even somewhat remarkable, with what unblushing effrontery certain sections of. the Press alter their opinions, and change their policy. Indeed, their onlj policy (if such tergiversa tion deserve the name) is to be always found upon what they deem to be the winning side. Unable to make a forecast into the future, ignorant of the natural consequences of events, and totally unable to see an inch beyond their noses — Bach so-called representatives of public opinion frequently make grievous mistakes in their tobeontheotherwiniiuig side-at-any- eost policy. Such jour nals resemble only the weathercock, which promptly shifts at each change of the wind, and are valuable only as transient recorders of the mutability of human affairs and the fickleness of popular opinion. Never, perhaps, in the history of the Colony was a newspaper more vehemently attacked by its conteni versely criticised the present Qoyeb moe's change of front with referenae to his immigration policy. It will be remembered that the year before last His Excellency submitted au elabor ate immigration scheme to the then Legislative Council, which was re ceived with universal approval. The scheme consisted of the appointment of the Board, and of an Immigration Agent in London, the expenditure of .£20,000, and the promised introduc tion of not less than five hundred souls a year. Captivated by the magnitude of the proposal, and in fluenced chiefly by the idea of having a representative in London, the Legislature at once endorsed the Governor's policy, and cheerfully voted the required amount of money. But, alas! ' Tlie beet laid scheme of mice and men ' Gang aft cugey. And so it proved in this case. The Board was appoiuted, but before the members thereof could hold a single sitting His Excellency publicly announced at Guiiaford that he had decided not to appoint the promised London Agent. Further, theGovEBKOE stat ed that his change of intentiou had met with the entire approval of the Board. We at once charged His Ex cellenct with, no doubt, unintention al misrepresentation, and declared that the scheme, thus shorn of its fair proportions, would prove a lamentable failure. Thereupon we were savagely attacked by every section of the secular Press, by both the City and provincial members of the Fourth Estate. Our prophecy was derided ; for once bitter enemies forgot their mutual animosity, and united in extolling the wisdom of the Goveenoe, while they ridiculed the Idea of the greatly belauded scheme coming to nought. Nay, theyj went c»tii i-uiuuu, uuu vuiuiy atsseriAiU. uiat His Excellency had acted with the most admirable wisdom in withdraw ing the promise he had made to ap point au Immigration Agent at London. Facts, however, are stub born things; and facts have since proved that we were right in our vaticination that our contemporaries , were utterly and entirely wrong in their contradictions. The selection of immigrants was thrown upon the already overburdened O.iwn A-mn£s. and bow they discharged that duty has been well expressed by Mr. Bubt, when he said, ' instead of sending us £a!fe-a«^ hearty men, they forwarded the lame, halt, blind, and even lunatic' l?ven His Excellency has been forced »i» acknowledge that bis pet scheme haa ? b6uh~~~&-most dis appointing failure, and now sdggests that ' the powers of the Board should be increased,' But this is not sn!BM^|| cient to remedy the present unfortun- ^ ate etate of affairs, and we now find the members of the Legislature clamour ing for the Govebnob to fulfil his promise by appointing an Immigra tion Agent in London. Even those sections of the Press, that sometime ago reviled us for stating that such a course must be adopted, have changed their from\ and now urgent ly advocate what they previously jgo^aM* bitterly repudiated. Thus, fo^§§P^» stance, our City contemporary stated on Monday last that, ' It ife satis factory, therefore, to find a general agreement should be accompanied, also, oy an expensive system ol selection, we assume, the direct super vision of a special Immigration Agent.' Exactly so, that is all we advocated^ and it was because the Gotebkob wanted to perform bis play of Hamlet with the part of the Danish Prince omitted, that we denounced the scheme acd foretold its practical failure. After events have proved that we were righJiNand it is satisfactory to find He ExceTE-^ lency, the Legislature, and the Press now frankly acknowledging that an error was made. Before the present session comes to an end, we hope that the Goternob will distinctly promise to appoint an Immigration Agent in London. It is to be hoped that hon. members of the Legislative Council will not be too much occupied this Session in discussing the proposed change in the constitution, and like matters of po litical interest, as to be unable to attend to one matter of supreme prac tical importance. We allude to the promotion of the higher education of onr girls, ihe mothers of the next generation of Western Australia. The Legislature did much last year to foster the higher education of onr boys, for which they deserved the best thanks of the community. Although we were unfortunately not able to agree with the details of the Bcheme adopted, yet there can be no doubt that a step was then taken in the right direction. But as yet the State has not done anything towards encourag ing the higher education of oar dangh X ? Only a few days ago it was almost impossible for the majority of girls to obtain a decent education in this Co lony, simply because there was not a proper girls' school in Western Aus tralia. We have said 'impossible for the majority,' because of course there were ihe convent schoedsp'*1 ably attended to by the highly cul tured and experienced Sisters. Bnt then few Protestant parents liked to send their daughters to a Roman Catholic convent for instruction ; so, that, properly speaking, the children of Catholic parentage alone enjoyed the benefits of a decent education. During the last few years, however, a really first-class girls* school has been successfully established in Perth, in the shape of the Bishop's Girls' College. Bat this is avowedly a Church ef England institution, and is conducted upon Anglican lines. Al though we understand that no objec tion is made to the reception of child^ —i»»i **t.\ A*«*T «'h4-nA*t iionAtntnohnn «mt* %.\^%X Wl UUW WUW*. mimm -------- ''Wl- '*? WW the distinctive sectarian mark the school bears by its name no doubt pre vents parents, who do not belong to the Anglican communion, from send ing their daughters to that very excel lent establishment. Therefore it is that we hope the Legislature will adopt seme practical means for the promo tion of the higher edncation of girls. This object might be accomplished in one or two ways. First, by the establishment of a first-class onsec tarian girls' college ; but to this there is the fetal objection of the expense. Secondly, by establishing scholarships (similar to those already open to boys). These scholarships should be open for competition to any girl in the Colony who aiav be within the limits of the age determiued upon. Farther, the winners of the prizes should be allow- ? ed to enjoy the benefits of scholarships at any school approved of by the Central Board of Education. The Board wonld of course approve only of such schools as were of a superior standing ; and thus an Awgl'^V could goto the Bishop's Girls' College, and a Catholic to a convent school. We really cannot see why the boys should enjoy all the State patronage, and their sisters to have none of it. This is a case in which the old proverb ought to be reversed, and made to read 'what's sauce for the gander is sauce for the goose.' We think the idea will commend itself to the attention of both the Government and the Legislature, and we hope that girls' scholarships will be establish ed before onr legislators disperse to their homes. 