L O C A L A N D G E N K R A I , Y estebdat’s P auluubnt. - • In the Council yeMciday the Small Debts Bill was read a second time and . passed through Committee, and the False Notices Bill gotas far as l)je conclusion of the second reading, but its consideration in Committee was postponed until to-day. The Inebriates B ill was further D considered in Committee and reportcd.and th e Offences Agaiast the Person Bill wnt> also amended, and the consideration of tho amendments fixed for to-day. Mr Douglas introduced a monsurc to consolidate and ami nd the laws relating to marriage, and two motions with regard to railways haring been agreed to, the members found tbe hoar and a quarter's exertion as murli ae they could stand for one evening, and repaired whithersoever they listed. Ip the Assembly M r Braddon gave notice for the A ttorney • General to bring in s B ill to oppoint a third judge nnd after some other formal bnsino.^ bad been transacted, iho wind imitating w l M d f s tbe example of Cromwell, caused the members to summarily adjourn. On re assembling, the Deceased Persons' Estate and the Diseased Amroals Impirtaiio; Prevention Bills were read a second time taken through Committee, and iho third readings were fixed forto-day. The Immigration Act Amendment Bill wusiiU'i read a second time, and partially eon hiderud in Committee. Then the Minister for Lauds made a statem ent; the Hou<c w ent iulo supply, passed some brauch roads, and adjourned at 1120. To-d&y; the principal business in iho Assembly will bo the consideration at 4 o’clock of the proposed vote of £4000 for the Indian and Colonial Exhibition. Tbtflks monopolising L egislation —L ast evening in the Council the Hon. I). Cameron, referring to tho " False Notices Bill,'' asked the question “ Have we come to this P” He said it was n paltry affair—in fact, “ a Jark,” to submil sucb a trifling m atter for legislation. If it could bo shown, the lion, member went on to say, that any individual had ever put such notices in the papers for Ins amusement, then there might be some •(■rise iu it; hut nrt otherwise. Mr C.rtneron moved that the Bill be read some six mouths hence, and said ho could not express his iudignation at the idea of asking lion, members to conic to the House for the purpose of discussing sue!) trash. Tho remarks of the indignant JiOD. gentleman seemed to stagger the Prem ier, and he moved that consideration of the Bill be postponed till to-day. T hh Stobut VYjkds D ip Blow. — T.m norm |>tnJ u kind of promiscuous visit, to ilie House of Assembly yesterday afternoi.-n The impression wbieb it r. eeived could not have born a favorable one, for it immediately entered into a conspiracy with tho usually harmless ventilators to drown the kciiJator'fl voices. When M r Dodds started to move the second reading of tJie Deceased Persons' Estates Bill the noise was terrific, Tho Attorney-General cloqjMotly gesticulated, and even tbe ordinarf!y% t': lentivc Afr Dooley had to put his hand to • Jus/' auricufai* organ ” and then give up, tho effort to hear as a bad job. At-last- Air Rcibey roBO and eiiggosied th at the Houso should adjourn until something bad been done to p ut a stop to the un- H-enily interruptions. The M iuister for- Landts replied that he had already cent instructions to the Public Works department to have —some worJuuon told off to remedy the defect. H e thought a lialf-an-lioiir's adjournment would be enough. M r Braddon, as leader of the Third Party, pointed o ut that it would be hotter to __ inert .1 again n( a t V 7.30, an Oand ft llllllYinlnlir ultimately dthat ia l suggestion was adopted, and the wind had scored a victory. During the interval. however, tho m atter was adjusted, nnd business was proceeded, witli in the evening w ithout any inconvenience, r F ailway M kktino.—Another railway mooring was held at the Richmond Council Chambers yesterday afternoon for the purpose of considering the omission of a railway to Richmoud from the Public Works scheme. There waa a large attendance, and M r W . C. Simmons, W arden, presided, Tho only resolution priced was one requesting the members for the districts of Pembroke and Richmond to watch the iulercsls of the district with regard to railway extension to Richmond. Tbe Minister for Landshas appointed 3 o’clock this afternoou 1time appointed for the deputation to wait him to advocate a sum being placed the estimates sufficient to .take the railway to Richmond. D i 6tbessing State o r Affairs.—T he following is an extrapt from a letter written by a magistrate in Carnarvon « W e have been weeks without any communication with H obart for,goods by road or watc*, and most of the inhabitants are oiilo f provisions npd borraiyms fro‘n their neighbors. I suppose we shall have to go to the expense of chartering a vessel for the special purpose of bringing down - some . provisions. R T* ifi ,e the intention of the member for Sorell, in whose district Tasman’s Pouiusula is included, to bring the m ailer under tbe immediate notice of the Government. The letter shows th at the residents in ■the locality referred to aro suffering exceptional hardship, and it is to be hoped th a t instant stc-p9 will be taken to remedy w hat is certainly, a most distressing state of affairs. B uMjEHiy * S obelij E a im y a t.— It has been arranged that the Hon. J. Hodeson, and Messrs J. G iaynud H. Lamb, M .'sH A., and the Rev. J . Uoha- ]an, shall wait on the Minister for Lands at 3 o’c’ock this afternoon, with regard to thp cr nrtruction of a branch line of railway from Cambridge to Ttiohmoud. W e are informed riu t tho reason the branch line was not inserted iu the Ministerial proposals, was that Mr Atkinson, the engineer ou the line, having entered into an engagement with the contractors of the- Scottsdale railway, there was time to complete only the' first portion. We understand that the contract survoy will bo proceeded with as soon as the M inister lias obtained the Leeesstry professional assistance. City Coc»t.—Mr Win. Tarleton, P.M., and M r Macmillan, J l*. presided in this court to-day. W m. Stokes pleaded not ggijty to having cruelly lll-treqted a horseby driving it while inffering from an open sore P.C.s Butlerworth and Ellis proved the offence, and he was lined 20s Gd, w ith the alternative of one month in gaol. Samuel Haines pleaded guilty to having stolen one cloak from the premises of Messrs Eisby and Son. As he had been previously convicted in the Supreme Court of larepny qud bgrglary, he was sent to gaol for three mouths. A R echbatiok G eopnp.—-To-night a debate of more than ordinary interest will take place in connection with the Hebart Parliamentary Debating nnd Literary Association, when M r W. A. rinlay will move “ That some G or 7 acres of Land in tbe Queen's Domain, to include tbe Lower Cricket Ground, be set apart as, aud to be a public recreation ground.” R ailway M elting at Y ictoha. H don. — A very large and influential meeting was held at the l ie Nie Hotel on Friday evening, 14lh August, 1885, the members of tbp district, Mecsrs J. W atrhorn and It. J . Luoas being present; also a large number of the principal landholders. M r A. R, Bowcher was oted to the chair, aud after briefly urgmr those present to bring forward the luims of the district, introduced the members. M r Watchorn and Mr Lucas, at considerable length, spoke of (he advisability of bringing under the tire of the Government the great icessity for railway cotninuqicrtion wiili I lie Huon district, and declared that tf tbe pc >ple did not bertir themselves-they would not w bat was due to their district. I t w as urged that they should get up a well-aigDed petition, and show that they were in earnest ^A- thing that as not worth asking for was not worth iaviLg. and tliey ought at once .to form iemselvcs into aieague ^ d . -cauvas the istrict, if they *wished to obtain that hich was desired. After addresses rom several other gentlemen in the same train, a forking committee was formrd, ith power to add to their number. M r . B-dlantyno was appointed treasurer, nd M r A. R. Bowcbcr secretary. After tote of thanks to the chairman, the nerting terminated. Cohobkqational i ’iil’bcit.—T he 28tli nniversary of the opening of the Davcy treet Congregational church was celerated in the new Sunday rchoolro-'m last night, by a tea and sacred concert. Tho tea, which was provided by the Udios of tbe congregation, was partaken of by about 180 persons, after which the concert was held. Thp inost noteworthy item* on the programme were songs by the Misses Prrkius, Dunnctl. and Henry, Mrs A. D. W atchoru, and Me.-srs Desn and W ateliurn. The ftev, Geo. Clark presided. An apology was read from the Ror. J "W. Simmoni. Congratulatory addresses were delivered by M r Justice Gihlin, M rB . C. Wa!»h. an.! the Jtev. G. W. Sharp, (lie miclirig being brought to a close soon after nine u'clo-k, by the benediction. D wauf Company.—The dw irfs had another very good audieuce hist evening, nud everyone denied well sHtirtted with the creniug's cntortaiunmi-t. The performance will be repeated again this afternoon and evening, when no doubt there will be large nudicnccs. T he Y oung Austhalian LiicruBEn.— Australia is now fast coming to th r front in many different directions, and witli n feeling of pride Hint we welcome ipovemeut to bring out good 8ofar colonials have been proved to compare farorably with the world's best on record.” M r C. L. Andre who has bccu lecturing on “ ricue Gordon,” has created quite n fnroic Victoria. His Excellency Sir Her 'Loch was in the chair on one occasion when tho Melbourne Town Hall was crowded, and spokj in eulogistic terms of the lecture, nnd tho way in which it was dclivfrcd. The Victorian pnpere are full of compliments and congratulations to the lecturer, some of them going ^o far as to say th a t lie excelled the Iter, Clark. W o understand th at M rT . N. 6 pong has been endeavoring, while in Melbourne, to make nrrangementa for Andrew's appearance here, ami Lru.t that iic may be successful m ips efforts to provide a treat for the public. Akniyebsary — A moil sucuc.sful tas. and public meeting wss held las! ovciii i;* in tlio H igh street Wesleyan Ci'a^ri, to connection with the first Anniversary of »lie Mission Bind About 2*1:) persuu* mt down lotou, and did ample juilice to ike good thinf.iovided by Mr C. D. H-ywood, the caterer. The after-mcotnu; proved u greater success than iho ton, the ii.tic chape! bring tilled to overflowing. Tim Krv H. Greenwood presided, and a f t'r a brief address called upon the secretary, M r G. S. Lloyd, to read the report of the year. This showed th at some good work ]md been done by the band, about 150 meetings % having'., been held in Hobart and the. - suburbs, and llicy bad been attended with most gratifying and encouraging results. I t also slated the present strength of th e band was about fifty members, and th a t the formation of u branch band at O ’Brien’s Bridge was contemplated. A fter the reading of tbereport an address was given by the Rev. H. E. Morriraan, who 6puke at some length, chiefly upon the good work carried on by the mission bands in Englaud and the colonics, giving some interesting aud instructive facts from bis own experience in mission work. H e also quoted other facts for the good encouragement of the band. Addresses were also delivered by M essrs Cato, P. Lloyd, and C. Jobanson respectively, all beariug more or loss on mission band work. Recitations and solos were given by Misses Davi«, Lloyd, Maum, and M r r . Lloyd. D uring the meeting some excellent music was rendered by a very efficient choir, accompanied with the cornet, violins and other musical instruments. Before the oIopc of the meeting the names of the newly-elected officers for tbe ensuing y ear were announced as follows Capt. C. Johansen; sub-leader, P, Lloyd ; secretary, G. S. Llo3Td; treasurer, H . C ato; ’tract officer, Miss Davis. A Cute M emrkii of F abli'amest.— T he genial member for Sorell is generally wide-awake when any im lter nccled with the interests of the district lie represents are at slgke. On Friday UoproFonteda petit ien from the large landed proprietors and sliecpowners of tbe Spring Bay municipality, praying for measures tp be adopted for tho annihilation of tho native tiger, so destructive to tbpir ffoeks. W ith the fascinating eye he generally keeps for the widows, he turned to gate on the rubicund face of the Treasurer, when the item of £500, for destroying the “ rabbits on the Crown lands Mwas under discussion, and with a simplicity peculiar to himself alope, tried moat dciftorously to have tbe legend *• native tiger"iuserlod after “ rabbits." Fov'one moment the Treasurer hesitated, b ut the M inister of Lands came to bis col'oague's rescue, and prevented him being “ trapped " like the native animal. The member for Sorell having failed, winked a t the Aftorncy-Gcnerfll, and looking the pipture of iunoeonce, sat down, T.8.N. Co.—M r W . P. Green, of Melville 6treol, offers himself as a candidate for the scat at the Board of Directors in the abore company, vacant by M rB . M. Fisher, having been appqiuted the tnqnagpr, T asmanian P oultht Society. — A special meeting of the above society's committee was held last night a t the Mechanics' Institute, M r R. C. Perkins (vice-president), occupying the ph«ir. The secretary reported tbet H is Excellency the Governor bad kindly undertaken to open tho show on the 2Gth iurt., and that the Mayor and Aldermen would also bo present on the ocoanion. The complete list of entries was also reported, the aggregate total reaching nearly SOO, and as post eutries will be received until Friday, tha( qum? ber will doubtless be fully ronobed. There is a splendid entry of game fowls, Cochiosof different varieties, Hamburghs, Dorkings, and many other classes. The pigeon section has over 200 exhibits, Messrs Niramo, Luttrcll, Luckstone, Couin^sby utid others being conspicuous in this division. Canaries and cage birds, too, will make an attractive iteip in the exposition, and tho dairy produce 6ccltoh lias nearly 200 entries, the Northern ourors, and the makers of clie*sc from 81, M ary’s and elsewhere being among the competitors. M rs Kermode (Mona Yale) alone contributes upwards of 30 exhibits from her noted poultry yards. The several kindred associations purpose sending delegates, and are well represetted iu the entry list. The following gentlemen were unanimously chosen to act as judges in the divisions mentioned ; —Cochins, BrabmaB, nod Dorkings—Messrs. Young, Woolley, aud Beldomc ; Spanish—Messrs Blockoy and P eters; Game, and Game Bantams —Messrs Hadley, Mason, nnd Eiehsrdson (referee) ; Fancy Poultry — Messrs Norman and Bennett ; Heavy Poultry — (Turkeys, etc), Messrs Sutton aud Jeukins; Faucj pircous — Messrs Luckman, Heald, oud Coooihc; eage birds—Messrs Hood, Lovett, and Littler. Dairy Produce— Messrs Boxall, Jobnsou, M urrell, and' Blockey. It was derided to engage the Metropolitan Bund for the two nights. The appointment of stewards tor tho vnriogs (Jepqrtnjcuts of the show was then made, and after some complimentary remarks by the chairman on the intcrcs and activity displayed in tlio soeicty’s operations, and his anticipation th at the oommittce’s efforts would be reward* by a most succe*&ful; gatheriiu, tb meeting terminated in the ruetom ir way. Tasvanian B icycle Clur. —The first race meeting iu connection with this club will Lc held on tic Upper Cricket Ground on Saturday, October 3rd. Fuller particuhiru, and the programme will shortly appear in our advertising columns. T kmferanck M e s t in o —T he usual weekly inerting of the Primitive Mcthodiet lemperuncc Association was held Uic Collin* street Church last night, aud proved fairly successful, notwithstanding the rumcrous attractions elsewhere. M r Iriiuc Johnson occupied the ebnir, aud expressed his pleasure at the success attending the lubors of the society. The following programme was then successfully carried ont Work," ch o ir; rccitalion “ Tobacco,” M r Hornsby ; “ Gate njur,” choir; solo, “ Who are the brave ?" Mr J . H ooper; reading, “ Some body’s Darling," M rs R. S. Long; ballad Fire in the grate," Misses A. and S. Hornsby; reading, “ The D runknrd’s signboard,” M r R. S. Long; address, “ Are we in earnest," M r Horneby ; solo. “ Rock of Ages," Miss Hiddlrstoue; concluding with the trial ” Temperance v. Parliament," iu which tlio characters were sustained by Mr J . Johnson, as ju jg e ; M r Hornsby, counsel for plainriff ; M r R. 8. Long, counsel for dofeudaut; witnesses, Messrs H. J. Plaister, J . ' Hooper aud J . Denton. The nudiencc aoted as “ gontlomcn ol the jury," And brought in a verdict of “ guilty,” but the judge omitted to pro counce sentence. T hose P uhcioub Caiuiaqes.—A young gentleman, a resident not 100 miles from New Town, nnd well known for his raejnp proclivities, has in his garden u splendid bed of cabbage^ in prirno con dition nnd jqst fit for the dinner table. These green pictures were the theme of his conversation, as well as part of the daily-satisfying portion of his young and growing family. H is ncigbW a congratulated him upon these 19th century wonders, and praised him for the skill he had shown in bringing them to such growth and perfection. It so li&pprnerl; that on Sunday last this lucky individual came across a book of drearosi wh’ch liaJ been left in sacred trust by a profea siqnal lady to his employer's confidential clerk. Curious to know its contents ho opened tho prohibited volume, and liberally imbibed its teachings. Upon reaching his home ia the evonieg he had another fpnd look a t his growing idols to satisfy himself they were safr. This done, and fpplipg weary his hard day’s toil, he betook himself to rest, and •oon was safe in iho arms of Morpheus. Then ho dream t that thrives came aud stole the whole of his 100 cabbage-*; and so impressed war ho with tlio reality of it th at after he woke all sluep was banished for (bat night. At daylight he turned out of bed, half dressed himself, and made for 4bo cabbages. There they all stood, safe and sound, not crcn one of the leaves crumpled W e no*d pcaxcolv say that he rptraced his steps, hurried back to his cosy neef, and vowed that in future jhc would'^mind his own .business aod iover allowbisloptics ngajh o^ pry j into ___ ______0____ a magnetic bopk-^bf dteatns, le st Another tornble .delusion xnigbtbpRisdoom .J ( . Cs tits B ible J nspebed?—T he debate onihis^uC stion, between tlieR ev /A . M. Taylor and Miss Ada-Oampfiell, will take place in Hadley’s -rooms on the 26th inst. Both the Theatre and the Tasmanian H all wero Applied"Tor, b u t were refused. “ O nce a M ontu.”—F rom the publishers, M essrs William Inglis and Co., Melbourne, we have received the current number of this popular magazine. The subject in the gallery of emiuent A ustralasians this month is the H od. S. W . Griffiths, Q.O., Prem ier of Queensland. The portrait is a good cue, and the memoir, written ,by Mr K innaird Rose, gives some interesting paniculars of tho hou. gentleman's life. M r Griffith is tho son of a clorgyman;W as born in M erthyr Tydvil, W ales, in 1845, aud came out to A ustralia in his ninth year. He is therefore 4‘ by education, training, sympathy, and bent of genius, thoroughly A ustralian. In 1860, he entered : the Sydney University, and soon became', a prominent figure in Hie collegiate classes. In 1667 he joined tbe Queensland Bar, and in 1872 entered the Parliam ent of th at colony. W hen Sir Thomas M cllw raitb resigned tbe P remiership iu 1883, in consequence of the appeal to tbe constituencies having resulted in returning a majority against him, “ public opinion, no less than the commundiug position he had taken in guiding the fortunes of the Liberal party,” pointed to M r Griffith as the only man fit to form a Ministry. This lie did, allotting to himself the offices of :Premier, Colouial Secretary, and Secretary for public instruction. article bended “ W anderings iii the fern country,” T. L. Grace Dumas gives an interesting account of rumbles about Lilydale and the Black Spur, a score or 60 of miles from M elbourne. The article is illustrated with some very fair wood cuts. “ A Memory of Venice,” by James Smith, is w rittenin the usual picturesque style of th at popular journalist, whose descriptions cf art treasures und venerable cities of the old world have delighted many a reader of tbe Argus. A good lithograph of Santa Barbara illustrates what is said about Palma Veccbio's great and noble picture. Tho serial stories are coutinued in an interesting manucr, and this numbor of the magazine is quite up to tho excellent average. HosriTAL CiSES.—At the General Hospital this morning, James Astlcy, agea 30, a carter, was treated for s crushed foot, caused hy a cartwheel ■passing over it.' William Bald gged 34, a lumper on board the barque Victoria, was also attended to for a brok rib on his right ride, which injury w sustained by a large piece of coal fulling ou him. A Colonial I ntednational M agazine. —From the publisher, J . H. de Bussy, Amsterdam, we have received the first number of tbe Hemic Col uni (do I n Urn a- tio)\afcfl tnagfizinefounded by the Colouiul Association of tlio Netherlands. I t is under tbe direction of twouniversity doctors, and a doctor of law. and edited by D r H. C. Rogco. I t contains on introduction in French, and un article on Imperial Federation in English by Sir Richard Temple, Bart. Th«rc is an article on Gorman colonists iu German, by Frederlok Fabri ; one on th* productive forces of, nnd immigration in British Australia, in French, by C. Lcvnsseur, tbe Chinese quefcliou being specially dealt with ; aod there are several others which will bo received with interest by the educated reader. F atal A ccident in a TnRATitg— A peculiar accidcDl, which terminated fatally, occurred at the Bijou Theatre, Mclboqrue, ou Saturday morning. A man named Benjamin Fcwstor, whu for some time past lias occupied the pcsitiou of stage door keeper in tke theatre, was in possession of a small bottlo of carbolic acid which be used for disinfecting purples. On daturduy morning he placed the bottle qti a table in a smnll room which was allotted to him, and shortly after sent for his luncheon hear. A little lime after an employee of the theatre, on looking into the room, saw Fuwater !y the grouud evidently in terrible agony, and a6 it was apparent that be was veiy ill had him removed to the hospitul. where it was ascertained that Few>ici was suffering from the efforts of drinking carbolic arid, As he was uuconsrio hp was unable to eirc any roas: for takinc the carbolic ncid, but is surmised that in the hurry lie look a drink out of the wrong bottle. On Pew. star bring admitted to the hospital tbe resident surgeon upphej the stomach pump but without any beneficial vcsuli as Fpwster died on Saturday afternoon great agony. S hocking Tiugedy. -Tlio 'shocking tragedy which took plioe last Wednesday morning near Gobur, nut far from Long wood, on the norlh*ea-.taru lin-.\ Vic toria, where a farmer named Thomas Clarke, in a momentary fit of passion shot dead a young man named Christo pber M’Rae, and right hou»s afterwards committed suicide, concluded on Saturday when a lnneifilcrial inquiry wr* livid by Mr Alfred "Wyatt, P.M. A large amount of eriden*-c wns tnkrn, sir witnesses being examined. The murdered who was the only support of bis aged parents {?ays the A$c) was greatly •ported in the locality. He had given iroTocation whatever for the murder, and fost his life in a pcltyquftrrcl forced upon him without cause or justification. His murderer was n married man, the father of three children, who lived about a mile from tbe residence of bis Ttrtim. After taking tbe life of young MMtac, tho scionce stricken man roamed aimlessly about the bush for about eight lion* shearing to return to his borne uud family, and in mortal dread of the avenging hand of justice which he knew was about to seize him. Unable to support his load of guilt any longer, when it grew dusk, CUrkc committed suicide with the same weapon with which lie shot youug M’Roc Tho result of the magisterial investigation was that Clarke wos found to have taken his own life after wilfully murdering Christopher M'Rac. The tragic affair has caused a profound sat ion in the locality in which these two tnen resided. A H oubijile D eath,—A terrible accident, which terminated fatally, occurred at Messrs 8utor und Turnbull’ timber ynrd, in Host Melbourne, o Saturday ipomiug. reports the Age. i_ youth named Charles Orr, who for some mouths past lias been employed in the lathe cutting room of tlio yard, was engaged with a man named Lowr in rivetting a belt attached to the lathe cutting machine which had boon broken on the previous evening. Orr was f.tauding on a pile of limber holding tho belt from the revolving shaft, when by some means he let to his hold, slipped and got entangled in the machinery L*we, soring what had happened, atoucr ran to the ongine-rrom nnd had tbe machinery slopped, but before this could be effectually done tho mangled .rcm&irsof; Orr’s body was thrown right acroi yard. On au examination being made it was ascertained that the unforlunatolnd shirk tfeeves hod ceught in a pulley near tho shaft, wbiak was revolving within two or three feet of tho roof of the lower storey, the result bring that tho lad was taken round with the shaft with fearful rapidity, his body each time striking the roof of the 'room with terrible force. On the lad being picked up it was ascertained tunt his legs and arms had been completely tom off by tho force of the collision with Iho beams of IborooF, nnd. his body was entirely divested of clothmg. As soon os possible tho injured boy was removed to the hospital, but died shortly after admission, Itappears that O rr had frequently been engaged in the saroo work as th a t a t which bo was employed a t tbe time of tbe accident and ta d nevor expressed any fear. A F abtiban CoBBEsrosDSHT.—j he Cairo correspondent of tho 2Yinet, who, like tbe C alcutta correspondent the by m anufacturing tho facts upon ■ he comments, takes tho opportunity of change of Government to insist once more upon the necessity for a B ritish Protectorate of Egypt. A ftorurging th at a Protectorate is necessary to the prosperity of tlio country, be says th a t “ such a Protec-- tor&te; or an immediate surrender can alone save E gypt from tho ruin to which ahe is .drifting.” I t seems, then, E gypt could get along quite as well without us ab with us. T axation of B ebe ob Tea.—^The L a n ­ cet sa y s: -W e m ust express our decided preference for increasing the taxation on beor and spirits as compared with th a t, on tea. The plain facts on this -subject arc the best for purposes of guidance. Tho present taxation of beer is not, enough to binder the consumption of an amount of it altogether in excess of the physiological or dietetic requirements of, tbe body. I t stiffens the joints and besots the intellect of the laboring classes, who are now to acquire such momentous funclionsintbeState. lo ta lk o fla x in g th e poor and not th e rich, w ith an income tax of, sightpenee in tbe pound, is slightly sii£geslivc of uncaudour; but in the interest of the working classes and of the State alike, let us lax articles that can -well be spared, and not articles of refreshing •diet. ■ ■ H emahkadle B icycle R id e.—M r B . R, Goodwin, of the N orth M anchester Bicycle Club, has ju s t completed perhaps the most rem arkable .journey yet accomplished on the bicycle. Leaving Land’s^ End ori Ju n e 1, he journeyed to John o' Groats, having reached which point in 91 days, he at once turned southward,' and again arrived a t Land's End on th e 16th; th e double journey of about 1750 miles, or from one extremity of England to the other, having occupied less than sixteen days. From Land's E nd he rode to London, which was reached on the 19th, tli® rider having thus com pleted a journey of 2050 miles in exactly 19 days, or an average of 108 miles per day. M r Goodwin arrived in London fresh and w ell; and it is w orthy of notice that he is a strict teetotaler, and underwent the great strain of such a journey without any help from stimulants. ho annual Victoria sports will take l>laoj tlioiinp Da; (Dec. 26). letters A. G. “Webster and Bon have ou a jie New Zealand scud oaU (Danish) iu lots A shooting match far two sheep, n silver watch, niul a sewing machine will be held at Elderslio (Urooduxarsh) ou Saturday, the 22nd iust., at 12 o'clook. All claims offaiuet the l-i< ■reader* that an cilpui will t»k* * Methodist CUwvh touiwis •, under the management oi the Hev. J. G. Wrijyht. There will bcatout 10Qvfc>«*»h< further ]i lublisUcd elsewhere. Mr ______ G. Niclinlls bofi« _ to . the public that La bos imiiorted from- Europe some of the Hues* brands of Draudies, Wlucs, Wbiakiefi, Gina, English Ale and Stout, which he is offering at the lowest possible prices, for cash only. Please refer to price list iu Tuesday's. Thursday's, aud Saturday's papers G. Niuholls, * ’ _ Globe Hotel, ooruoi aid Antill streets. Four Cod Lives OlV Wsstlm .) Debility, etc., 1ms i [tines the virtuee *uUkl ^ ily digested Lably increases both weight nd theu try your weight. ly it. All your own fanltif you .(with, when you cau got .moricanJCo. Uead Auy Clii 