' A Gallant Boy. W^Í'M:./' BY HARRIET WATERMAN. . ; 7 When Olaf and Huldah Olafson went from Ice- land to America, they felt great anxiety lest one pf, their seven children should ho lost on the way. They were going to Dakota, and while it was not altogether clear to them whether that word stood for a town or a farm, there were fifty Icelanders, most of their neighbors indeed, who went with them, be. sides the agent in charge, and they did not much care where they went, so long as it was a part of the wonderful America whore every man owned land and was rich. Prida, the baby, could not walk, but just before sailing Olaf called the older children, and showing them a long rope, said, " That you may not lose yourselves, and fall into tho deep water, my boys and girls, I shall tie you to each other, Olaf first, Lena next, then Sarah and Jan near to each other, then Ingeborg, and last my big strong Matthias, to keep the little ones safe/'* So tethered, they made the long journey, and very tiresome they found the ocean voyage in the close, dark steerage. Kew York children know that all immigrants are landed at Castle Garden, a large round build- ing at the lower end of the city, where their names are recorded. Mr. Cary, tho agent, attended to I all such ? business for our Icelanders, who soon found themselves steaming toward the West at the rafe of twenty miles an hour. Such marvel- lous speed frightened them at first, for they have not even waggon roads in Iceland, and of anything like railroad travel the people have no idea, but soon it became interesting to them to see the * A Dane two years ago took a family of ten children, from Denmark to Dakota, all tied together by a rope. When they were interviewed, in Minnesota, the father declared that the ropo had not been off since they started. AUTHOR. houses and trees fly past, and to go through more towns in an hour than were in the whole island from which they came. It was very early in the morning when Mr. Cary marched his colony across Chicago, the Olafsons, as it chanced, at the foot of the pro- cession. " Two more days, and one more ride," he said, " and you will be in Dakota." 5?FAs they walked Matthias discovered that the rope about his waist had become so loosened that he could easily untie it. It was very tiresome for the children to be fastened together, and he very much wished to look more closely at the marvel- lous buildings which the gray light showed dimly. He whispered to Ingeborg, as he showed her that he was free, " See, sister, i shall run on a little. I can walk faster than this, and come to you soon. If you are good, and do not cry or tell the father, I will bring you a slice of fish." Icelanders eat fish as other people do bread, and as Ingeberg had none since coming to America, she thotight it would taste very good. Moreover, Matthias was so strong that he was allowed to go all day with the men in the boat 5 surely he might take a little walk without danger. So he slipped away in the darkness, and Ingeborg said never a word, while Olaf, trusting the good Iceland rope, held fast little Olaf's hand, and never looked at the rest. There were weeping and wailing when they made the awful discovery that ha was gone ; but before they could make their trouble known to "Stupids!" thought Mat'hias, as He Jumped. the agent they had been hurried on the cars, and were moving out of the city. When they told him, Mr. Gary said, re-assuringly, " I'll telegraph to the Danish consul. He will look him up, and send him on in a day or two." Olaf had read about thc telegraph in books, but he could not understand how the small wires, as they were described, could forward a strong boy. He tried to explain to the rest, but the children cried, and Huldah wished many times that they had never left Iceland, and all happiness for them had gone out of America. Matthias, meantime, was having remarkable adventures in Chicago. He marvelled at every- thing-at the high buildings first, because only one-story houses are made in Ice- land, and those have lava walls six feet in thickness, on account of earthquake shocks. The dress of the men and women was queer, and more strange still the language they spoke, for Matthias liad never heard other than the Iceland speech, and supposed, of course, that all the world used that. But as bright daylight came on, and more people -were in the street, some of them stared so rudely that he decided to go back to Ingeborg and tho steam-cars. Instead of tho steam cars he came, as ho thought, to a forest. He had never seen so many trees before, and his heart speedily gave a throb of joy, for he saw, beyond, a larg« sheet of water. Tired and hungry, he sat upon the end of a pier to rest a while, and gladden his eyes with a view of water, which reminded him of home. There he soon fell into a sleep, from which he was rudely awakened by a terrible scream, and he lifted up i his head to see, first, something white falling toward the water, then a woman wringing her j hands over the low railing. .Two large boys stood I near, and screamed also. " Stupids !" thought Matthias, as he jiunped in I the direction of the white dress, " you should Bee the Iceland ocean and the Iceland rocka, if you dare not go in here." He soon brought the child to shore ; it was nothing ; he often took Frida swimming in the fiord at home, and she laughed and thought it fun. One of the stupid boys had gone to a house near, and by the time Matthias had given the child to the crying nurse, a lady was quickly running across the park, for Matthias's forest was only Lincoln Park. When the child was somewhat restored, the nurse explained the accident. " I held him up to look at the water, and he gave a spring out of my arms into the lake. I cried, and this boy jumped in and brought the baby to land." " Who are you ?" said the lady to Matthias. " She cannot talk either," he thought j but guessing her meaning, and wishing to be very polite, he made a low bow, and said ; " Matthias, from Iceland, madame ; son of Olaf Olafson and Huldah his wife." " What does he say ?" she asked of the nurse. " He does not talk Norwegian, but I understand some," was the answer. " His name is Matthias ;" and the woman turned and addressed to Mat- thias the ' sweetest words he had ever heard, for though they were not good Iceland speech, he could understand them, and in return made his troubles known. The Danish consul is the one to see," said the lady, when all had been explained to her. " But some dry clothes first and breakfast for our res- cuer." Neyer in his life had Matthiss eaten such a breakfast. He remembered his promise to Inge- borg. " Will you ask the lady," he said to the nurse, " if I may take this fine white cake to Ingeborg, my sister ? She has never seen one, and it will please her more than a slice of fish." An hour later he stood before the Danish con- sul, who held a yellow envelope in his hand, and who seemed much interested in the long story. . " You are the young man we want," he said. "I am proud to meet you, my brave little coun- tryman. Iceland seas and rocks make strong boys. You shall go west by the 9 o'clock train to-night." Two days later he was in Dokota. Huldah and Olaf , were so glad to see their runaway that they forgot to scold him as he deserved. As for Lena, Jan, aud the rest, to this day the world, in their opinion, hold nothing so beauti- ful as Chicago, where, according to Matthias, " the houses have soft cloth on all the floors, and mirrors tall as giants, more glass in one window than in a whole Iceland house, silver like the blessed communion on the table, and fine white and sweet food, much as one chooses to eat." The second day Ingeborg divided tho roll into six equal parts, that even Frida might know by experience something of the luxury which Matthias described. 