Local News. YiCE-AmniutTr Coubt.—At tho sittings of this court 011 Tuesday morning. Mr. W. H. Miskinwas, on tho motion of Mr. "Vergil Power, admitted as a proctor of die court. 0\. A. Sala.—Tho distinguished journalist and Mrs. Sala were 011 Thursday the guests of Sir Thomas M*Ilwr.rith, who took them a few miles lip the river in his steam launch, the Rorapy. Mrs. SaU later on win the truest of Lady Mtisgraxe. and in the evening Mr. Sala dined withHis Ecoellentj. Licensing Board.—At tho sittings of the members of this board on Tuesday, it was de cided to grant the application for the transfer of the licence of the Bowen Bridge Hotel from John Mullen to William Stott. The applica tion of William Winterford for a renewal of his licence for tho Besratta Hotel, Toowong, was adjourned till next Tuesday. Shipping Agency.—On Monday last, tiichusi nesa of the Quean-land Steam Shipping Co. was transferredfrom 3lessrs..Part)ur v, Lamb, nod Co. to the agency of the British-In'dia and Queens land Agency Co., Limited. Tho B.I.S.N. Co. hare opened new office? in Eagle street, nearly opposite Messrs Purbury, I^imb, and Co.*> business premises, and they are large and commodious and weH adapted for the transac . tion of shipping business. Danish Settlees—A letter has been received by the Colonial Secretary, under date March 3, signed by several Germans resident at Lune berg, a "town in Hanover, requesting to be informed how they are to obtain passages to Queensland, when they must start, and the quantity of luggage they will be allowed to bring with them. The letter states that they understand that it is the intention of the Queensland Government to send an immigra tion agent for the purpose of engaging men for the cultivation of beet root sugar. They state that they are willing to engage themselves for three years, at the rite of 10s. a week, and free passage to the colony. Whits Ant-teoof TrauEB.—Mr. Thomas Watson, timber merchant, Kussell aud Stanley streets, South Brisbane, has made arrangements for & regular supply of Australian teak frim the Richmond River districts. It is said white ants will not touch this timber, which is, raorr - over, a very handsome yellow wood. Mr. Watson has now completed arrangements for regular steam communication between Brisbane and the Richmond River, chiefly in connection with his timber trade, of course, hut it will at the same time give facilities for general trade between the two places. Mr. Watson's long connection with the building trade of Brisban* gives him special advantages in the timber rade. Railway Teaffic Returns. — The traffic earnings on the Southern and Western Railway for the wedc ending May 3, 18S4, amounted to £4,921 9s. lOd.; corresponding week this year, £6,427 8s. lid.: increase, £1,505 19s. Id. Maryborough Railway—week ending May 3, 1884, £748 3s. 6d.: corresponding week this year, £942 7s. lOd.; increase, £194 4s. 4d Bondaberg Railway—week ending May 3, 18S4, £155 16s. 7d.: corre-ponding week this year, £139 7s. lOd.; decrease, £16 8s. 9d.; Central Railway—week ending May 3, ISSl, £3,318 4s. 4d.; corresponding week this year, £3,400 13s. 8d.; increase, £82 9s. 4d. Northern Railway—week ending May 3, 1SS4, £1,211 2s, lid.; corresponding week this year, £1,627 6s. 4a. ; increase, £410 3s. od. There were 1,236 miles of railway open for traffic for the week ending May 3, 13S5, as against 1,089 for the corresponding week last year. The Weatheb Dusing Apeil.—The follow ig a summary of the meteorological report of Mr. E. Mac Donnell. Government Meteorological Observer for the month of April:—uThe weather has been about the average during the month, the mean shade temperature. 71 6 degs., being 0 01 deg. over the average of this month for rite previous tea years, and similar to the previous three years. The highest on the ^lst,the reading in shade, was 89 degs : lowest on grass, 49 degs., was on the morning of the 30th. The highest barometric reading, 30*343, was at 9 a.m. on tho 24th, and the lowest 30*002 inches, at 3 p.m. on the 15»h. The mean barometric reading, 30 220, was 0*141 inch above the average of the month for the previous ten years. Rain fell ou 12 days; the total fall, 1*28 inch, being *2*76 inches under the average of the month for the pre vious ten years, and 2*20 inches under the previous three years. The greatest fall in 24 hours, 0*32 inch, was on the 4th. The total amount of rain which has fallen in the year 1885, up to the 30th April, is 12'01 inches, on 48 days. The rainfall during the same period in 1884, was 13*27 inches, on 45 days." "Fish Oh! Hebe I"—The Queensland Fisheries Association has on its roll of members many names of citizens wcll-knov.ii for their intelligence and energy. The only condition to the achievement of an object with them is simply their resolution undertako it. II is foriuu-.te for the co munity that such men have joined the association; their member-hip means success. It may safely be predicted that the various excellent fishes that teem in our deep waters will not be such curiosities in Brisbane in the future as they have been in the pust. We are informed that a programme of eight fishing excursions to the coast has been arranged for the ensuing sea?on. So we are justified in the hope of frequently seeing the welcome sight of the gorgeous deuizens of the Cape Moretou shoals and the Fiat Rock, and occasionally their still more welcome presence ou our break fast tables. But it :rm* be asked, Why must we rely on the friendly remembrance of these amateur fishermen for an occasional schwtpper, parrot fish, or slice of gropcr? These fish, and many other kinds equally good, are to be had in great abundance almost anywhere along ouj <xiust. The population of Brisbane is large, and moot peop'o would gladly purckuse tie fishes named were the opportunity offered. Why, then, do not the professional fishermen reap tho harvest awaiting them, and let us have the long-craved fish food ? Is it that there aro no fishermen among us possessed of tho small amount of energy and enterprise? If so, let some he imported; they exist elsewhere. Often has a small steamer, with a party of amateur fishermen on board, gone to Cape Moreton or Flat Rock, and in a fow hours t*keafrom300 to S00 or 900 fino fish, some of them weighing up to 70 or SO lbs. What might not skilled men do? What might not a company dor Wi!I somo of the bushier membors of the Queens land Fisheries Association tako tho necessary steps to form a company? Wepauso for a re ply. The Queen's Birthday Celebration.—A lino from tho last European Mall to hand to tho effect that the Queen's Birthday would be kept on Saturday, Juno 6, I seems to have misled a " number of I persons, who jumped to tho conclusion that this referred to Queensland. Of course it docs not. Tho birthday celebrations here will take place on Monday, May *25. J)ETUTATrON TO THE COLO.VrAL TREASURER. —On Tuesday a deputation from tho Custom house waited upon tho Colonial Treasurer as to j certain overtimo charges, the reduction of which, it is taid, will severely affect somo of the ofHcials. It transpired on inquiry at the Custom-house that tho mutter was purely a departmental one, and cue wliich it was not desirable to publish an account of. Private Assembly Dances.—Tho first of the Brisbane Private Assembly balls is an nounced to take place in the Exhibition Build ing on Friday, tho £9th instant. The com mittee have arranged to have the use of the May ball decorations, and as the floor is excellent, ;a very enjoyable dance is expected. Mr. Bauman, of Queen street, will be tho caterer. "The Australasian Sketciibr." — The number for May 4 just to hand contains several war pictures, of course. The most striking is the torpedo attack on tho Cerberus in Hobson's Bay at tho Eister manoeuvres, and the 9-inch gun Queenscliffe Battery, Hobson's Bay. An illustration of tho " Virgin Rock," near Spring-sure, will giro many Queenslanders the first opportunity of forming an idea of a great natural curiosity in Central Queensland. A New Waltz.—We have received from the publishers, Messrs. Gordon and Gotoh, Queen street, a copy of a new waltz by a new composer, Miss B. Lcnneberg. It is entitled " Heartsease Valse." Tho music is simple, easy, and lively, and therefore is likely to be come a favourite. Heartsease is a most oppro priito name for it. Messrs. Gordon and Gotch have done their portion of the work with their usual good taste and care. Telegraph Rates to China.—A memo, from the Electric Telegraph Office says:— "Tariff toLaku, China, is raised to Is. lid. per word in addition to the rate for Shanghai. The tariff for Paraguay is the same as for the Argentine Republic; via Pernambueo, 9s 5d, and via Galveston, 8s. Sd. per word in addition to the rate for Europe. Communication West Australian line interrupted beyond Franklin Harbour. Rangoon advises telegraph line Rangoon to Mandalay interrupted." Rocss Ahead.—Thq English Churchman and St. James's Chronicle, of the 19th of March last, after announcing the appointment of the new Bishop of Brisbane, and reviewing the scholarly attainments of the Rev. W. T. Thornhiil Webber, M.A., Vicar of St. John tho Evangelist's, Red Lion Square, Holborn, goes on to say, 11 We regret, however, to add that, according to Mackeson's * Guide to the London Churches,' at St. John the Evange list's Mr. Webber adopts the eastward position, and permits candles on the altar (so called). The appointment must, therefore, be viewed with regret by Protestant Churchman in Bris bane as well us in England." A^oyelSigxboard.—Messrs. Benjamin Bros, of Elizabeth street, have introduced a novel and ingenious sign to tho pubVc. It is called " Willings' Electric Sign." and is much used in London, more especially for advertising at the underground railway stations. The firm mentioned have put up ono of these signs over their business premises, and it works exceed ingly well. The sign consists of a number of small dbca that are worked by an electric battery. Tho point of tho sign is made of metal, richly painted and encased in a frame, on which are suspended a number of pendants made of silver, and they rapidly awing or vibrate by a simple me .hanical or electrical power, thereby reflecting the lights in brilliant mirrors like flashes. When lighted up at night the sign is very effective. Messrs. Benjamin Bros, arc the solo agents, and the novelty should take well. ; Messrs. Izatt ami Mitchell liaro creeted the I sign for Benjamin Brothers, and put it into proper working order. Tite Beoad Gauge feoh Stastiiorpe to the Boeder.—On Tuesday,Mr.Kates M.L.A., and Mr. Foxton, M.L.A., waited on the Minister for Works to endeavour io persuade him to make provision for the construction of tho rail way from Stuuthorpu to tho border on tho broad-gauge sy.-loru. Letters of regret for inability to I/O pre.-enfc had been received from the following members of the Legislative As sembly :—Messrs. Kellett, Beattic, Salkeld. and Mnefarlune, who stated that the object they had in view claimed their entire sympathy. The deputation persistently urged upon Mr. Miles the necessity for tho provision they sought, and supplemented their arguments with quotations from " Hansard " of December 18, in which the Premier gave a pledgo tanta mount to saying that wherever tho broad gunge system could be adopted the Government would adopt it. Mr. Miles, in his reply, said ho could not see Ins way clear to alter the present contract, especially ua the Governments of New South Wales and Queensland • had agreed to the plans already submitted, and winch pro vided that tho change of gauge should take place at the border. In point of fact iho the Minister for Works would not consent to any alteration, and referred the deputation to Mr. Griffith for a satisfactory tmawer in regard to the pledgee given. Benetolbnt Asylum, Dunwick.—In Satur day's Gazette appears a proclamation iasuod on Muy 7, containing tho regulations for the general munagimcnt of the asylum, and also tho by-laws for its internal management. Tho latter bears date Slay 9. The Lunatic Asylums.—Fourmnlcs andono female were admitted to Woogaroo last week, and two females woro discharged. Tho num bers now in tho institution are 333 males and 300 females. At tho Ipswich asylum there arc 109 males. The medical superintendent ac knowledges with thanks the receipt of a parcel of German books from the Hon. J. C. IJcussler, por Mr. Huthning, and a paroe-1 of newspapers from Mrs. Ayseough, Brisbane, for tho use of the patients. Benevolent Asylum, Dunwicii.—Tho fol lowing is the report of tho stato of tho asylum for tho week ending May 2Admitted—11 males, 3 females ; discharged—10 males; died 2—29th, Donald Stewart, aged 82, admitted 6th January, 1872, from Toowoomha Hospital, born, Inverness, 17.B.; 30th, Jno. Geo. Brown, aged 52, admitted 2Cth May, 1882, from Brisbane Hospital, born Cardiff, South Wule3; remaining—347 males, 59 females; total, 40G. The superintendent begs to ac knowledge with thanks tho receipt of parcels of papers from tho Parliamentary library, L. A. Bernavs, Esq., and Mrs. Edwards, Wick ham terrace. The Druids.—The West of England Lodge U.A.O.D., commemorated its third anniversary by a banquet onWednesday at the Prince Alfred Hotel, Bro. J. A. Hanley ofliciating as chair man, and Bro. Geo. Wickerson vice chairman. Judging from the roll up, tho members of the various lodges showed their appreciation of the festival. Songs, &c; , were indulged in for a couple of hours, when several of tho brethren spoke at some length respecting tho welfare of the lodge aud urged the promotion of Druid- ; ism throughout the colony. After the usual toasts had been enthusiastically drunk, and a vote of thanks to the chairman and vice chairman had been carried, tho company disjiersed. Benevolent Society.—The North Bri-bane Benevolent Society (until recently named tho Charity Organisation Society) met in St. John's schoolroom on Tuesday. Accounts for ticket relief were passed to the amount of £14 7s., and for printing and advertising, £4 0s. Gd. The sum of £12 12s. Cd. was received from dis trict collectors, arid a donation from tho manager and officials of the Commercial Bank of £3 ISs. Gd. Tho report for the past year is now ready, and will be distributed among tho subscribers by the district collectors. More lady collectors arc much needed, and tho com mittee would bo glad to welcome u few earnest workers in so good a cause. Hard Lines.—A ratepayer of the East Ward complains that, although the sanitary rate impose! for the removal of backyard rubbish is a tremendously heavy one, the con tractors for this work will only remove one particular kind of rubbish. A great number of persons have to stable a horse for several hours every working day in their backyards, andjj these sanitary men insist ,that thoy have nothing whatever to do with the removal of rubbish from tho stable. That has to bo separated from the other, and the owner or occupier must enter into a sepatato contract with somebody else for the removal of statle sweepings. '1 his seems to bo cutting tho thing too fine altogether, as it costs just the same to remove stable sweepings alone as it would to remove them along with other back yard rubbish. A Good Wobd fob Wellinotox Point. "We do not care for any further controversy just now in our columns as to whether the railwnj' to Cleveland should go.by the river bank and round by the shores of the Bay, or direct by way of Belmont and Mount Cotton, but wo have much pleasure in publishing the follow ing concluding portion of a letter on the sub juct by W. C. Johnston, of "Wellington Point: —"Wellington Point is seldom heard of, although it U one of tho choicest places for residcnco to bo found on tho shores of Morcton Bay. The point itself is highly elevated table land, fully half-a-inilo wide, with bold head lands on each side of it, and having tho bay waters rolling in continuously. King Island is a continuation of tbe mainland, which is a great attraction, as visitors may either walk or ride round the island on tho dry shell beach. The land lying b*ck is also an exception to other favourite wutering places, as there is now a prosperous farming population settled on it between Wellington Point awlTingalpn Creek. Until some six or seven years back this land Wits looked up, being tho property of tho Uon. Louis Hope and the Hon. T. L. M. Prior, but is now in tho hands of farmers for fanning and gardening purposes, from which there would be a permanent source of revenue for a railway." A Local Composed.—A new song has just been published by Messrs. Gordon and Goteh. It is willed "England." and the composer is Mr. Prank Eugsrde, well- known as tbe talented leader of tbe permanent orchestra at the Theatre Royal. Tho song was prominently brought before tho public when Mr. Knight Aston sang it in tbe 41 King's Dragoon's," and it was one of tho redeeming features of tbe somewhat dull performance. Mr. Kugurde is to bo congratulated upon having scored a success, and " England " should sell well and compensate the writer for bis meritorious composition. Tho song opens with a moderate tramjmllo in common time, which is very suitable to tho word* "Thcrosho siU iu her inland borne." Tho change to allegretto time in tho second verse, and tho orchestra in unison to the words "The old land gocsdowu to tho war," is very cifectivo, as is ulso tho chiming of tho bells at tho end of tho rorse. Tho change to the andante in tho third verso is very pretty, but. tbe greatest elToct is attained towards the con clusion of the song, when thovoieo rising abo?© the sound of the trumpets in a grand declama tory passage, rings out tho words "Ye may bin/on her shame, ye shall Kaput Iter name." Tho frontispiece is a moat uppropriato onc» aud tho tong ia fairly printed. White Opossum.—Messrs. Pike Broil ' !p mercers, Queen street, herein their shop25 P of white opossums thnt woro sent from the BoS 1? distriet 11 few days ago, to Mr. Mumrsl f Messrs. Benjamin Brothers.. The animal/,! quiet u ouriowty nud aro oxcoedinuly turn. 2 5 doiriestiyated. . • ^ Body Bound.—Information was conveyed t • tlio polico, ut Uoodnn ouAVcdncsday, that ate I 12.30 p.m. u body was seen lloatinir n«aryt Moggill Ferry. Constablo Keily went "t ■ tlio spot indicated, found the body and cot I veycd it to tliomorguo, where, .it' now liMt» idcntilicntion. • The Team Rails.—A numbor of have ulready liapponed through the coatrwta leaving tbo rails in Bonio plnces on inch or t* 1 inches above tbo surface of the street. Vehiolii attempting to turn out at such places are i imminont danger of gotting the wheel smashed, axles bent, or the driver thrown fro i his seat by the concussion. A cabman w» t seriously injured in Queen streot on Wednee ^ day through this cause, and on Thursday it I Jenkins, an omuibus proprietor, informed a s that in one part of Gotha street, Valley tl' rails are fully two inches above the surfaoe {| the street, and have been so for several weel I past. Ho lia3 already had wheels broken i * two of his omnibuses from this cnuse, besi(}i L axles bent and other damage. We have iittl U doubt that persons whose vehioleB are daraigei f froiu this cause have their remedy at law a I tlio second section of tho 32nd clause of thl! Tramways Act is to the following offoct:-pj " Tho uppermost surface of each rail shall bp on a level with tho surface of the Btreet.'fe Nothing could bo clearer or more imperativiK than that. To be sure, tho fifth section of thip snmo clause says, " the outer eide of every raiK shall bo guarded to the satisfaction of thiS council;" and tho question now iswhctheill tho council is satisfied with the manner it®8 which the outer side of the rails is not guarded-® at all. Wo sincerely trust that some aldeimaifl will have public spirit enough to raise tht§| question in tho counoil before some seriouip accident happens. t-; Brisbane Liedertafel.—A large meotingtj of the Liodertafel Society was held in their prac-p tico room, Normal School, on Tuesday eveningis' Tho eocioty has hitherto been sustained by a fen | amatonrs wlio from the first were detcimineog that Liedertafel musie should take a place in the! musical world of Brisbane. On Tuesday night,! however, the society was placed on a firm basis,! tbo lines being chiefly taken from the Mel-S bourne Metropolitan Liedertafel. Officer! p were appointed, and the subscription decided g upon. It was resolved that His Excellency the ! Governor bo interviewed and requested tc| become patron of tho society; also, that | tho positions of president and vice-| president be olFerod to Mr. W. H. r Wilson and Mr. E. Mao. Donnell, pi and that Mr. Cattiscb, who came before the | society so brilliantly at their smoke concert last | month, bo requested to take the positiofl ol| hon. pianist. The following gentlemen were | elected office-bearers:—Conductor, Mr. H. J. | Pollard; hon. treasurer, Mr. H. H. A. Bus-1 sell; hon. secretary, Mr. H.. Sankey; hon. | librarian, 'Mr.. AV. Gardiner; oommittee, | Messrs. Sanded, Deazley, and Luok. ,The| subscription is, for active members one guinea, and for nonperforming members half a guinea. Tho committee, who aro determined to make j tho society a complete success, meet this S evening for tho purpose of framing rules and j arranging all matters of detail connected with j tho Liedertafel. 