(Odtte and tfnd.s. A pigeon shooting match will bd held at Milaug tu-morrow afternoon. Unc e Tom's Cabin was played in tbe Insti tute Hall here last night. The uatives held two corrokborees in Ade laide o.i Friday and Saturday nights last, tbey being witnessed by a vast number of people Bishop Kmnion will hold Confirmation service here iu Christ Church on Wednesday next at 7.45 p.m. Mr. B A. Moulden will address the electors in the Iustitute Hall here to-morrow ni^h:. Bishop Kenniou will open the Guoiwa Holy Evaugelisut' Cnurcb Sun lay iScbi.ol-ioom on M -nd»y next, «nd in the evening he will give a lecture ia tae institute HalL The following are the winners of the third day's racing of the Adelaide Racing Club on the Old C iurse, on Saturday last, Paik Handi cap. Lavuigton ; Selling Hurdle liace, Onka p&rn; ga ; l^adies Bracelet Handicap, Affluence; Handicap Steeplechase, Rob Roy ; aud the Final Flutter was won by ljavington, Topuz second, and the Baron thi.d. The winners of the Sydney Tutf Club Race oa Saturday were, Flying Hnudicap, -Sturm ; Corinti ian Stakes, Kingst -n ; Sydney Turf Club Amatuer Cup, Diummer Boy; Two Year Oil Selling R ictf, Puaon ; aud tbe Ladies Bracelet fell to Raven. In New Z aland last season 2 33, 28 2 acres of laud yielded 735, l70 bushel, ol' whe -t Mr. VV. Cox ol tht) Arid Bicycle Club Ade laide, ru'ie 100 miles uu a bicycle in ten hours and a halt, uu Monday 25 h. He started from n lliniugiou at 4,30 a.m., ana reached Seven HiIih at 6 p.m. me same day. A man named Fogarty broke his arm at the Narracoorie Sports on Queen's Birthday, while puttiug tbe I4lb. stouo. The r&ttinauu; Ciold Company obtatued 2,249 ouuees of gild from I,3l8 tons of stone. Parliament meets a^.tiu to-day. Mr. t. C. Hoghes has been asked to stand for the Sjntheru District to fi I he vacancy caused by tbe death of tbe Hou. T. English. Captain Carbon, harbor master jf Wallaroo, co niuitted suicide on Wedueaday the 27th. Pluero has broken out amongst the cattle and neieub U: bood ot' Tanunda. The Admir jlity have anuounced their in tention of aUf.ulyiu^ tbe Australian Oiouiei with torpeducs. The giapus sent fiom Adelaide to Vi-ud»n by the 8 leaner Potnsi, were placed on th. market and sold ai (3d. pur lb. St. Patrick's Roman Catholic Cathedral, Baliarat, w.is br -k^u mc- last week and Ciiu.ch plate to tbe vJue of £250 was stolen. The plate included a gold chalice valued at £-50. The Port Adelaide footballers were again defeated io Melb urne on Saturday las; liy the Grcelongs, the results were 5 gosh 9 b bmd-i to 2 goals 8 behindo. The boat race bet wee -i Mather-ton and MiSieugor in- £200 was rowed over the Pa ramatta Ciursuou Friday ias-, and wad w. n tan ly by Mai her sou by ten lengths. The number of bin.hn and deaths in the colony daring tbe neck, ending Saturday, Maj V3,d, was births 251 aud deaths 84. The Queensland Government recently called for tendon in Gnat Britain for the dispatch of six ataasaera to Queensland with boaaty ianigratta, abd have accepted twa of the tenders sent in. One tender to for the d'apmtt&k; of soar steamers fan London, the iasssLpranto to pay £7, and the Government £10 per bead ; and tbe other for tbe dispatch of two steamers trom Glasgow, tbe immi grants paying £6 10a, and tbe G ivernment £9 «Oj mr ttr^A Tenders for the construction of tha railway front Dimboola to tbe South Australian Border were opened on Monday last, tbe tender of Messrs. C. and E. Miller was accepted, tbe amount being 4175^93. Hie football results in Adelaide on Saturday last were— 8jath Adelaides scored 4 goals 9 behinds to the Adelaides 8 goals li behind*, and the Hothaas sored 8 roak 11 behinds to the North Parks 1 goal 6 behinds. The Point McLoay natives played a font ball match in Adelaide on Fridav last asaihat a Combined team, tbe results were— f ombined « goala 14 behinds, Na.ives 4 goals 9 behind*. A boy named William Lane met with a ter riUe death list week. He was leading a bone with tbe rope fastened around his waist, when the aniaul bolted, and dragged the Ud along tUl he wan killed. A miner wjrkiog in Rawling's claim. Watts-s Gutly, found a nugget weitfiuug 6 ozs. ou Thursday last. Two boys nimed Kobins and and Jar vis qoarreNed at Rose water on Sunday afternoon last, aoruig which Robins subbed Jarvis with his pocket-knife. Darinc the woik ending Saturday, If ay «3rd 1885\. 92,482 basnets of wheat were exported from the van m ports in the c tony as. a guost 196.139 daring the corresponding week Ol Jo9v* The Point McLeay natives played another football match against the Wanderer* on the City Oval on Tuesday and succeeded in de feating them. Tbe scores were, Natives 4 goals 9 behinds; Wanderers, 3 goals 7 be hinds. On Taesday evening tbe residents of Ks panda e. t stained the members for tbe Dis trict of Light aud Mr. J. Pearce, late member -»f the Legislative Council to a banquet, in the K ip-inda Institute. 1'he number of persons arrived by sea at ort Adelaida dnnno tint wn-lr un^;n. u.»_. day Hay 30th was 200; and the number left by similar means wab 231, Loss to the colony The Hon. W. B. D Jlev, Attorney General of New South Wales Government, refuses to accept the honor of knighthood, tha Hon. Alex. S uart, Premier of the same Govern ment accepts it. A masonic hall is to be built in Brisbane a* a cost of £5,000. The barque Ariadne aiiled fron Port Augusta on Tuesday for the United Kingdom she b«d on board 7,661 bags of wh.at valued at £5,832. A statue of General Gordon is to be erected in Melb uue. A no nber of tbe Australian contingent left at Colombj for medical treatment Another good monh'a revolts crushing at the New Era Mine. At the Supreme Court on Taesday before Mr. Justice Boncaat and Janes. Charles Peterson pleadea gailty for horse-stealing, and was sentenced to twelve months imprison ment with hard labor; John O:taway admi - ted a crime of forgery, aud was sentenced to gaol for eighteen months ; Owen Doherty was found gailty of two larcenies, and was sen tenced to three years imprisonment ; William Mar:in for theft went to gaol for two years ; John WilliaoiB, a victim of thieves, was ordered to gaol until the rising of the Court, fed ward Digan was acquitted of a clia ge of laving grLvonilv WOUudad annthnr man in a fight. The Afghan army consists of 45 400 in fantry, 16,000 cavalry, and 222 guns. Mr. 1-. Bews. member for tbe Wallaroo district, will move, and Mr. Handyside, mem ber for Albert, will seond the address in re ply in the Assembly to-dav. The s. a. Arab, c nveyiug the Australian Contingent, to Sydney put in at Colombo oil Fiiday evening. Of 2 1 1 members of the Canadian Parlia ment, 1 18 are bachelors. The nati malities of tbe House Us English, 53 ; French, 49 ; Irish, 44; Scotch, 35; Ameiican, 30; German. 4 ; aud Danish 1. During March 4 1 68 persons arrived in V-e c!ony, and 5,334 left; loss to the c -Lmy 1,216. Two hundred and thirty-sii ounces of gold were obtained from a recent month's crashing ia the New Era Gold Mine. Mr. T. J. S. OHalloran the special magis trate at Mount Barker, is to be remove i to Port Elliot ; Mr, McCullagh of Port Elliot is to take his place. A teamster named James Tc? has been found drowned at Cooper's Cre k. It is proposed to erect a mouu-nent on the Thames embankment to tbe memory of th; newspaper co respondents who were killed during the Soudan campaign. The New South Wales Volunteer Force will consist of 5,120 men and a Reserve o 3,000 men. The permanent artillery num bers 3 10, and the naval reserve and artillery 850. Monday was the Isst day for receiving tenders by the Government for the irou-w irk for the bridges on the Hergott Sprii gs Rail way, bat no tender was received. Fifteen tons and a half of Bilverton ore sold in London for £3,000. Corporation inspection of tbe town tomor row. ' Money onlendable in London,' Oh, for a I ondon here ! ' Aboriginal' mania in Adelaide. Brennau Australian torpedoes adopted by Adinirality, Advance Australia A man named Sponger, a lab rer, fell from some scaffjlding at the top of the Sydney Post Office tower, 140 feet high. When he was picked up he was dead. A South Australian Government 4 per cent loan of one and a half millions is announced Tlie total stock of tallow in London a tnou its to 15,900 casks. Four persons have been arrested for killing Chinese horses in the Northern Ter itory. A man uamed Stewart has turned Queen's evi dence. Tbe Colonial Secretary of New Sooth Wales received a telegram on Tuesday, from C-lomb-.t!Utiug that Piivate William Robert sou of tbe Now Sou h Wales Infantry died ia the hospital there of typhoid, and Private Coburn is in a criical condition. 