BREVITIES. Tram accident on the Newsown-road. Spain pursuing spirited colonial policy. Executive and Cabinet meetingB to-day. Mnderee Taylor Boftsoaoe his constituents. Batter, in keg, 1b 3d to Is 6d per lb to-day. Lord Carrington sails for Sydney October 22. The Prinoe -of Bulgaria has iEsued a manifesto. Spanish troops landing in the Caroline Islands,. Dangerous cases of influenza prevalent in Walpett. Ai new- Anglican cathedral is to be built in Ballarat. 'JMsco mail expected on i'riday, and Suez mail on Tuesday. The business in the Burwood Council, last sight, lasted one 'hour. Lord Carringfton ?will leave London for Sydney on the 82nd of nert month. Mj^ Wright is: expeoted to speak at considerable length in the Assembly to-night. At the general meeting of the School of Arts, Mr. Angelo Smith nearly burst with per-f eryid loyalty. . Mr. Benson will open the ball to-night with the resumption of the debate upon the address in reply. - The semi-demi manner of lighting the St. Peters railway station is a disgrace to the Bailway Depart ment. Another captain in the A.S.N. Co. has resigned. One, too, who has seen a long period of honorable gervice. Last night the young man of the name of Crick ?was promptly sat upon by the old man of the name of Windeyer. A Sydney debating class is discussing the question ' When a Mormon goes to the club do all his wives Bit up for him i' . The Church of Australia is the name of the Church about to be formed by the Bev. Chas. Strong's con gTegation in Melbourne, Aii attempt will be made to float the Cabors on Jj?riday, and continued until Monday next, the tides Veiog favorable during that period. , Prince Alexander of Battenberg expresses las willingness to accept the crown of the two Btdgsrias, and appeals to the people for support. A primrose by any other same would emell as eweet, and so Huxley has taken the liberty of calling it a ' coroUifloral dicotyledonous exogen.' '?How long, O Mayor?'' -was the way in which a ratepayer began his letter to the Mayor of Bnrwood, to complain of the drainage opposite his house. A burlesque actress recently threatened an. editor with 'a dressing,' whereupon he answered with an editorial beginning, ' Charity begins at home.' ' A special meeting of shareholders of the A.S.N. Co. is convened for 11 a.m. on Thursday, when business of much importance is expected to be transacted. Mr. Alex. Habbe, the well-known scene painter, has been nominated by the Danish residents of Melbourne as Consul for their country in that port and city. The Macleay Cheoniclb ears that Mr. Tate, produce merchant, of Sydney, is in the field as a candidate for the suffrages of the Manning and Eastings electors. Another summons has been issued against Joseph Byrnes, the freethought lecturer, for having con ducted an entertainment in the Hall of Science, Mel bourne, last Sunday. Byde has been quite lively during the past week with three election speeches, Salvation Army on Wednesday, Saturday, and Sunday, two large funerals, council meeting, licensing court, and police court. Mr. Alfred Charles Hewlett, of Waverley, has con sented to offer himself as a candidate for the Pad dington electorate. He is a member of the firm of Nelson and Hewlett, commission agents, Sussex etreet. . The Bathttest Times ia informed that Mr. John Shepherd, now of Sunny Corner, and Mr. J. E. Tonkin, of Bathnrst, intend to offer themselves as candidates for East Macquarie at the next general election. A German slater named Louis Saltier was conveyed to the Sydney Hospital on Tuesday night Buffering from fractured ribs, caused by a fall from a ladder at Mount Victoria, on Saturday. Dr. Monro attended the case. 'We'll never get any water for Bnrwood unless ?we keep pegging away,' said Alderman Haidie. ' Then we'll keep pegging away,' exclaimed Alder man O'Connell, and the remaining aldermen said, 'Hear, hear.' Mr. N. G. Bull Bays he considers Mr. Farnell to be the most honorable and most straightforward man in the House. Mr. Farnell, as a natural consequence, considers Mr. Bull a fit and proper person to repre sent Central Cumberland. 'The inspector of nuisances said he had been reproved by the council, and he was going to hunt somebody up, and that is the reason why I had to go to the Newtown Police Court,' wrote a Burwood ratepayer to the council. There are twenty-one municipalities interested in the water, and about ten persons from each of these will attend the deputation to the Minister of Works re the waterjsupply, on Friday next. So Bays Alder man Haidie, of Burwood. ~ Captain Bayiey, master of the La Querida, was fined in the Water Police Court, on Monday, .£5, -with two guineas costs, for an assault on the second mate. Several other charges of assault instituted by thecrew, are yet to be heard. '?With regard to my alleged unmanly conduct,' sxplained the inspector of nuisances to the Burwood Council, 'the lady denied having cast slops in the road, and I said, * for God's sake, woman, come out' end smell it,' and she declined,' _^ A mother's love never changes. When a young man in Europe wrot ehome to his mother in Gonlbarn thr.t he was about to go from Nancy to Ems, she de clared in a transport that the dear boy hadn't altered a bit, but ?was, she now knew, as fond of the girls as ever. A fire broke out in Bourke on Friday afternoon, ?when a cottase belonging to Mr. W. H. Henry was burned to the ground. Nothing was eaved, as the -fire was all over in 20 minutes. With great difficulty Mr. B. A. White's house was saved. The estimated loss is about .£400. Last Saturday night Mr. Y. Parkes addressed the electors in Gladesville, and was well received. He was escorted to Mr. Jordan's Hotel, where a large number of Mr. Bull's hearers had assembled to meet Mr.Parkes. A strong committee was appointed to secure, his return. In the Bedfern Police Court, yesterday, the charge preferred against William Neale Parker, lately coun cil-clerk to the Borough of Bedfern, for having fraudently embezzled certain sums, the property of the^council, was withdrawn. The money waa paid jnto' the borough treasury on Saturday last. Mrs. Piaindame, of Waverley, after looking long and thoughtfully at the plaster cast of Shakespeare, remarked: — 'Poor mac, how pale he was! He couldn't have been wellwhenit was taken.' 'No,' replied Fogg, 'He was dead.' 'AhJ that accounts for it,' said Mrs. Piaindame, drawing a sympathetic) breath. A handsomely-framed group of photographs of the Mayor, aldermen, and officers of the munici pality was placed in the Town Hall, St. Peters, on Monday night. The photographs are excellent likenesses, and are well finished. They are the work of the well- known firm of Messrs. Nagel and Co., of King-street, Newtown. Until the result of the deputation is knows, Alder man O'Connell, of Burwood, withdrew Ms motion in the! Burwood Council, 'that the Councils of Ash neld, Connord, Strathfield. and Five Dock be invited to co-operate in urging the Government to build a reservoir on the high land near the Liverpool-road to sppply these suburbs with water.' While a little boy named Cunningham .was playing at $& corner of Cleveland and Bnllanaming streets, Bedfern, he was rim -over fey a van, driven by a youth in the employment of Mr. Cropley, undertaker, IJed fern7 ; XSpoh medical assistance being sought, it was ascertained that the boy's loft hand -was broken, and also that he had received a severe shock to his Bye tem. -'.' . ,. ? .? ? . ? ?.-..??; Leichhardt 'Conncil declined to accept control of that 'Portion of the - main. Western-road which passes throughit* municipality, and it having teen handed pver,to Petersham, some of the Leichhardt aldermen think their Jjalf -of the road is receiving scant justice. They are going to write to the department about it. Quite an important item occupied the aldermen of St. Peters yesternight. The working overseer bad beOT^mpJoyed lorhalf a day in sorting: the library book»t Ihw necessitated half a day's pay being divided among the three wards; in otter words, eigbteenpence per ward. Over this eig-hteenpence halfTa-doMa long speeches were made,. said tolly haif im-hour wastccLr ? ? . .? . - . . 'So /yob say you -were chased by th« Mahdi's men? ' said EfcbeliBda to her bashful lover George, who-iutd returned from the Soudan. ' Yea,' replied George? ' three of us were chased an entire day by a lot of them.' 'And you received no injury? ' ' Ne i we got *w*y from them, bat it was a pretty tight squeeze/' -A wjmt?' 'A tight-squeeze.' 'Wlia^s that? ' 'Tou don't know what a tight squeeze is? WelliCr — that is to say— by Jove, you. Jcnow-rJ. :«r--gneM :it*s about time you did know. L er— wfflgivb TOO Bn illustration.' And lie did. _ Ladies I AHtto» iwhionable dress materials and trin«uogs^di«apf«tat Biley's, in Oxford-street. ^iaeing-3«i«»«*:Boyle and Co., re-open October: end©e^cV«^rtoTehadeverywhere.--AlJvT. Alexander, King of Bulgaria, soon txvfce. The Assembly, meets at 7 p.m. this evening. Prin.oe Alexander on his way to Philipopolis. France makes territorial concessions to Burmah. Sir John Hay's dinner last night perfect in every way. Randwiek Asylum likely to be reformed alto gether. Bussia is jubilant over her success in Eastern Boumelia. Prince Alexander offers to accept the crown of a united Bulgaria. Mrs. Stacey's case cannot be settled yet. Deposi tions not to hand. *' The Begone Dull Care Co.' has been playingto poor houses in Parramattft. The London Stand aed regards the Bulgarian revolution with indifference. The coup d'etat in Boumelia has caused excitement and surprise in Vienna and Berlin. Mr. Collins, Mayor of Narrabri, will be a candidate for the Namoi at the next election. A Protectionist has announced himself for the next election for the Orange constituency. The Sunny_ Corner silver shares are slowly recover ing from their unwarranted depression. The Prince of Bulgaria calls upon the Bulgarians to support him in defending Bulgarian unity. The^jaynial' is going to mtire from the City Council and devote himself to philanthropy. St. Leon's Circus opened in Maitland on Monday night for ' a short season, to a crowded audience. Baining to-day in Grafton, Clarence Heads, New castle, Mount Victoria, Bathurst, Carooar, Denili qnin, Bega, and Eden. The officers of the French warship Magon have been invited to a ball to be given by the Chief Secretary of Tasmania on Thursday next. Some allusion will doubtless be made in the House to the Mulholland correspondence and the refusal of Mr. F. B. Suttor to correspond. H. A. Wood, the missing public trustee of Ade laide, has been traced by the police to America, but his exact whereabouts is unknown. A protectionist in the field for Paddington. Mr. G. F. Garton will address the electors on Thursday evening in the local council-chambers. The official declaration of the poll for the Cook election in Queensland, was made in Cooktown on Monday, as follows : — Hill, 585 ; Gill, 245. * Many of the Civil service employes are complaining of the injustice of some of the provisions of the new Act. The public are like to complain of its cost. The council of the Chamber of Manufactures, Mel bourne, on Monday night passed a unanimous resolu tion in favor of a reciprocity of trade between all the colonies. Just as the public were thinking and hoping that those abortions, the overhead bridges at tlie Parra matta railway Btation were to be removed — lo and behold they are being repainted ! A farm laborer named Samuel Ferguson committed suicide on Saturday in Brighton, Tasmania, by hang ing himself from a limb of a tree. No cause for the act is at present known. A man named Pearson in Adelaide was on Monday committed for trial for having obtained money by means of false representations in connection with cer tain Silverton mining claims. The newly-formed Victorian Public Service Associa tion has formulated a statement of its grievances with reference to the classification of officers, obtain ing leave, &c.;, and has requested permission to interview the Premier. Sergeant Laskie, who for some time has been the instructor of the recruits of the Maitland infantry corps iu drill, was the recipient of a handsome address from tlie young members of the corps, on Monday evening, in appreciation of|his services. The body or a French man-of-war sailor, belonging to the gunboat Duchauffct was picked up to-day at the stern of the steamer Belgic at the eastern side of the Quay. The water police removed the body to the morgue, and word was sent to the vesel. A young man named Arthur Mason, died in the Maitland hospital on Friday, 'from disease of the brain.' An inquest was held before the coroner, Mr. A. Vindin, on Saturday, when a verdict of of death from natural causes was returned. Sir Charles Dilke -will shortly marry Mrs. Pattison, widow of Mark Pattison.. Soon after the publication cf the news of the impending divorce suit, in which Sir Charles Dilke is the co-respondent, Mrs. Pattison telegraphed from India the announcement of her engagement. The Commissioner of Police, Brisbane, received information on Monday to the effect that John Adams, a timber-getter, about 50 years of age, was killed on Friday afternoon by a tailing tree, near Sugorloaf , on the New South Wales border. Death was instantaneous. An inquest was held on Monday on the body of Mr. Chrisp, who committed suicide by shooting him self in Wagra, near Albury, on Saturday; when a verdict to the effect that the deceased had killed himself while temporarily insane through pain was returned. Mrs. Fearn, a respectable elderly woman, long resi dent in Gols borough, V., created a senation by smashing windows in High-street, in that town, on Monday morning. She screamed that she had a mission from Christ to break the windows of the town. The police removed her to Donolly, for examination as a lunatic. At the late meeting of the Bomon Catholic Synod of Tasmania, a ballot was taken for the elec tion of representative clergy of Tasmania at the Plenary Council, to be held in Sydney in November next, under the presidency of Cardinal Moran. Three clergymen were nominated, and Father Henneberry was elected by a considerable majority. A number of immigrants arrived in Mudgee a few days ago in search of employment, but when they realised their position they bitterly complained of being misted, having neither money nor friends. Mr. Bisset, the stationmaster, provided the men and their families with food and shelter, and railway passes to Lithgow. Miss Genevieve Ward has arranged to produce the play of 'Antigone ' in the Town Hall, Melbourne, during the Cup week, the proceeds to go to build an addition to the Lying-in Hospital. She expects to raise .£5000, and the seats are now being sold at up to ~10 each. The Governor has taken twenty seats at a cost of .£200. One thousand pounds worth have already been disposed of at that rate. ' The Victorian Government intends shortly to bring forward a bill, framed on' exactly tne same lines as the Girls' Protection Act recently passed by tho Imperial Parliament, which raises the consenting age from 13, and makes it a misdemeanor to seduce a girl under 16. If also gives the police increased power in the suppression of brothels. At the butchers' meeting, last night, it was re marked that the opponents of the Sunday closing were acting up to their ' lights,' but the majority had plenty of 'pluck,' and were good 'livers, while Dan had an excellent 'heart.' These pro fessional jokes were evolved out of cakes and cham pagne. A fatal boat accident occurred at Thursday Island on the I8thins£ant. Messrs. Wood, Whyte, and David Lennox, employes' of Messrs. Burns, Philp, and Co., were out sailing, when their dingey got Bwamped, and sank over a. mile from the shore. Messrs. Wood and Whyte succeeded in swimming ashore, but the distance was too great for Lennox, who was drowned. From our WaggaWagga correspondent we learn that the Mayor has received a telegram from Mr. E. O. Moriarfcy as follows : — ' Have brought the matter of the vexatious delay in pipe-laying before the Min ister, who authorises the cancellation of the contract. This has been done, 'and I -will- make immediate arrangements for carrying it out.' At present the pumping station and reservoir are complete ; bat the township iB*not reticulated, nor'is the pipe «ommuni cation laid between the reservoir and the engine. The case of the Vale of Clwydd Mining Co. v. Garsed and Mulholland was concluded to-day in the Jury Court. After the summing up by Mr. Justice Innes, the jury returned a verdict in favor of Garsed on the ground that the partnership between himself and Mulholland terminated on December 31, 1883, before the causes of this action arose; and they also found a verdict for the plaintiff against Mulholland, the other defendant, for the full amount claimed, £3130 11 s 8d. Following is the report of the Prince Alfred Hospital for week ended September 19 : — Number of in-patients at last report, 67 males, 56 females, total 123; since admitted, 17 males, 13 females, total 30 ; discharged, 5\. males, 5 females, total 10 ; died, 4 males, total 4; remaining in hospital on September 19, 1885, 75 males, 64 females, total 139 ; number of out-patients treated duringtneweek237, number of casualty cases treated bnt not admitted 55, total 292. , V In the Adelaide court on Monday, David Palmer, of the firm of Lorimer, Borne, and Co, sued Alfred Ballantyne, of Marwood and Co., for .£400, for mali cious prosecution, arising dot of a letter , widen Pal mer took from Ballantyne' e office. . it being intended for Palmer, bnt wrongly directed tojMarwood and Co. Ballantyno had Palmer arrested for having stolen the letter, but the case wfls_ dismissed. Palmer now claimed damages' for malicious prosecution, and judg ment was given in his favor, j£50 damages. The case of Geddes v. Minister of /Education, with which the case of Bartof t against the same defendant was tried— the ©neplaiatiff having a life interest and the other the revetsionary estafe-r-vaB oegun in the Banco Court to-day before Mr. Justice -Windeyer.: The plaintiffs sought io recover compensation for land taken for public school purposes, at the corner of Bullftnaming end : James jjtreefcs, ' Bedfern. . The Department valued the land at jC440, and the plain *if& claimed J?ilOD. , J^tor the case_had been opened the jury proceedeS to view the locality. ; ??-..?'., -'*!Aii flffrp'1* f™-™?-'!??y^ll¥'jfey* ^y*™1^ liviagia ^otm, hainbeiBa vaxj^yi^ on^ej^p^ pp^^on, -jWire. He lia-d. the soudiUsWjy to threaten Mr. ^Grlad-' tto j bnt on Hus ^Masion Ms nebeBsities jpot the! ferial for aa*ttena^ -©oJ^rt moa^fiyftaud, -: * .- \ ? ;. ' 