ITEMS BY THE MAIL. (hour news. jan. 23.) The total number of immigrants who arrived in tbe United States during December l»6t amounted to 13,622. Tbe infirmaiy building of a lunatic asylum at Kankakee, in Illinois, has been burned down, and seventeen of the patients perished. The Agricultural Department of the United States reports that last year's cereal crops were tbe largest ever raised in tbe country, wheat yielding 513,000,000 bushels, oats 583,000,000, and Indian corn 1.795,000,000. The latest intelligence respecting tbe civil war i n Peru is tliHt General Canevaro hss arrived at Arequipa vitb proK>sals for peace, and that tbe troops under General Carceres arc in a state of revolt, owing to the scarcity of fo-l. It is stated by tbe Austrian Frcmdenhlatl that tbe iliuister of Commerce intends, iu case France thould impose a prohibition on the im port of Austrian, live stock and grain, to resort to retaliatory measures, net by increasing the duties, but by passing measures for the absolute exclusion oi certain rreucuproauce. Intelligence from Constantinople states that tbe Sultan lias given orders for an expedition of six thousand men to occupy Suakim It is pro posed to defray tbe expenses out of tbe reve nues of certain territories on the Bed Sea lit toral belonging to Bgypt. Tbe religious party at tbe Palace ate opposed to tbe expedition. It is reported from Belgrade that the Arnaut tribes have attacked several frontier stations. The Servian sentinels were ki.led, and three Servian villages were plundered and some persons murdered. Tbe Arnauts, pursued by the Servian gendarmes, fled to the Turkish frontier. The Government has veiuforcud tbe frontier cordon, and eeut troops to the threatened points. A serious anti-Jewish riot is 6tated to have occurred in Vilkomir, iu Lithuania, tbe aggres sors betDg a number of newly-joined recruits. Tbey attacked tbe Jews without distinction of age or sex, and killed one Jewish water-carrier, and seriously injured another. Tbe police proving powerless to quell the disturbance, tbe fire brigade was called out, and dispersed tbe rioters. About a fortnight ago the Italian Ambassador In Loudon wrote to Burl Granville, requesting the good offices of England with the Egyptian Italy. Earl Gr.vnville supjiorted this proposal in a letter to Sir Evelyn Baring, but the Egyp- tiau Government refused on tbe ground that such n cession wuuld bo an infringement of tbe Imperial firmans. A dariug attempt has been made on tbe police barracks at Mill-street, Dublin. The attention of the police was attracted by a glare at the rear of tbe barracks. Some polfoemeu hastened to the spot, where they discovered a party of xuen iu tbe uct of lighting a box stuffed at botb ends with cotton waste. On seeing tbe police men they decamped, but one man was arretted. The box was said to contain dynamite. General LewsJ.the French Minister of War, intends to submit t-o tbe Chamber of Deputies a bill authorising a mobilisation on a email scale, according to which tbe battalions in Tonquin will be made up to their full strength by volun teers from the active army who have served not less than oue y>.ar. The vacancies caused there by in tbe active army will be filled up by young men taken Ironi the classes ot recruits at tbe disposal of the Minister of War. Sir 11. itiddell, of ihe British Paymaster's Department, was &hot; through the cheek and ear last week at Cairo in a street quarrel which was going on as he happened to be passing by. One of the p.irties to tbe dispute drew a revolver, and discharged five barrels at random into the crowd standing round. Sir JEL Kiddeil probably owes his life to tbe fact that in the backward rush which took place when the man off his feet just as the pistol was discharged elose to his face. A fatal explosion of firedamp recently occurred in a coal mine at Lievia, Pas de Calais. A large number of miuer& were in tbe pit at the time, who were unable, from the suddenness of the shock, to make their escape, and great anxiety is felt Jest they should have perished. Twenty- eight dead bodies have already been brongbt up from the mine, but twenty miners are known to be still buried in the pit, and arduous efforts are being made to reach them, in the hope that some ai least may hare survive i. Tbe police have discovered an Anarchist plot at Lyons, ihe conspirators had arranged to sack the dei>t known as the Stand, and situated iu tue Brotteau quarter, just outside the gates of Lyons. It U there that tbe mem bers of the Bifid Club keep their arms and am munition, xiud the Anarchists had planned to break into it during tbe night, and to return to Lyous to commence executing the decisions taken by their executive committee. What those decisions were is not stated, but can be easily imagined. Tbe leaders of this conspiracy are, it seems, well known, but the police have not yet succeeded in capturing them. The negotiations b.-tween Franoe and the In- iernaiionUl Association are almost concluded, but no definite solution can be arrived at until the neguuatious inilUted between the associa tion and Portugal have led to something definite. The territories obtained by France measure on the boundaries of the Congo almost one-half the superficies of France. If it be glory to possess vast territories all over the to rejoice. The French flag will then wave in "Western Africa, in Madagascar, in Tonquin, and a dozen more places besides. But wnere will the uiitioii find people to colonise these uew acquisitions? It is only too probable that a few years hence France will sorely regret the colonising mania which has distinguished her during the last few years. All the naval Powers are doing their utmos; to become possessed of a numerous torpedo-boat flotilla; they are also equipping their larger ships with torpedo-launching apparatus, and are even furnishing their heaviest ironclads with torpedo launches. Not content with this, some of the maritime Powers are building special ships, in the armament of which the gun is subordinated to tbe torpedo. To this Inao belong the torpedo avisos and the torpedo-ram cruisers. Whilst the former are large- sized ocean-going torpedo-boats, the torpedo-ram cruisei'6 form a special aud novel type of war ship. Hitherto ouly England, France, Italy, Kussia, the United States, Chili, Japan, and China have devoted their atteution to the cou- struction of such vessels. The original type was a Danish ship, the " Tordeuskjuld," which represents tbe trausition from tbe ironclad to the torpedo-ram cruiser. The Economist is of opinion that 44 it was an error in Lord Derby to ask Australia to bear the expense of annexing New Guinea. He in tended only to make Australians feel tbe responsibility they were undertaking ; but, in order to secure that end, he gave them definite rights of remonstrance, which are now most in convenient. England is quite rich enough to govern the colonies, which she must, in any event, defend ; aud as she cannot surrender freedom of action, should bear any expenditure she ssuctious for herself. The ease with which the OulouUl Office undertakes new responsi bilities, like tbe control of North Borneo, and the difficulty with which it sanctions an expen diture of a few thousands, mark confusion of thought, not vigour, either of policy or of thrift. It was a mistake, too, to offer such grave pledges to Australia as to the reservation of New Guinea unless it was intended to fulfil them, whereas their veiy meaning appears never to have been thought of." A tragic occurrence at Garristowu, a village situated near Balbriggan, county Dublin, was tbe subject of an ii.quest on Jan. 20. A farmer named Archibald, and liis housekeeper, named Council, were found dead in the loft of an out house by a farm laborer, who burst open the door of the bouse. Not finding any ocoupant in the house ho searched tbe loft, and there found the woman with wounds in her throat. She bad evidently been dragged ont of bed and murdered wiih a hatchet which ly near, white Archibald had his throat cut, apparently by a clasp knife, which he had still grasped in his hand. He had a faim of about twenty-three acres, and was of temperate and thrift v habits, but he was observed to be lately depressed, and he was shunned bv the neiffbhArs fnr with the womau. The jury found a verdict oi 44 Wilful murder " against Archibald, and that he had committed suicide while labouring under temporal y insanity. The mail service between Dublin and Holy head has been particularly unfortunate of late. Within the last fortnight steam-packets have been engaged iu no less then three collisions, cnlminati-.g in the loss of the " Admiral Moor- son." Thi. vessel left Dublin on Thursday, and was not heard of till late on Saturday. It appears that she accomplished the first put of her five hours' journey in safety, then observing a steamer bearing down on them, the captain suddenly ordered ihe helm to be ported, and passed under her stern. The moment after the " Admiral Moorsom" was run into amidships by an American ship, the "Santa Clara." The captain, who had been in a collision the day be fore, completely lost his head, and leaped into tbe sea. The sailors were panic-striken ; some of them, with a fen' of the passengers, climbed on to the " Santa Clara," while eleven got into a boat, and were afterwards saved. Others, as the " Admiral Moorsom " did not founder at once, were subsequently picked off her by another passing ship. A singular feature in tbe disaster is that all tbe watch on deck were drowned, and those below saved, so that it -will be impossible to find out who was really re sponsible for the collision. _The great attraction of tbe next Paris Exhi- bition, if R Bonidais has his way, will be s tower, casting into the shade any that has been made or imagined since the days of BabeL Tbe height is to be more than 1100 feet, which is considerably more than double that of Ronen Cathedral and of the great pyramid of Cheops, . and nearly throe times that of St. Peter's at Borne. M. Bonrdais, who will be remembered . as the con tractor of the Trocaderti Palace erec ted at the last Paris Exhibition, has made, as he asserts, careful calculations as to the poeaibili ty i of carrying ont hia present scheme; and he £ives a eompmhvetuueuLOwiiig wftat eleva- 1 