Our Brisbane Letter. (TEOIC OTJK OWÏ COKKXsntXnEN'T.) "WE had thc heaviest fall of rain last Saturday that wc have had this season, 0 81 points fell in about half an hour, and. thc wind was very high with it , Down_ the. river the storm was much heavier, as much as lin of rain Fell at Lytton, and in many places the roads were blocked by fallen trees. Near Mount Gravatt there was very large hail, and a good deal of damage was done. One small church was blown over, and a good deal of fencing levelled with the ground,' besides minor damage to buildings. At a large poultry farm near there 1KX) chickens were killed. There was to have been iv grand review of thc Defence Force and Volunteers at thc old racecourse that day, but the storm came on just as the men were mustering and put a stop to it. Thc water in the Enoggera reservoir, however, was only raised lin. .. It is now 15ft lin below the by«-'wa«h, and the supply for the city ha* to he pumped into the pipes. If we do not get a good heavy rainfall soon there ia still some probability of our having a water famine here, as the area of thc reservoir in, of course, : very SSBUch lessened as the water in it falls. -i*-The Govtrnor Blackall arrived yes- terday morning with the body of Sir Peter Seratchley on board, and left again for Sydney in the evening. S ii Peterus much regretted by all whe knew him here, although he has not been able to distinguish himself as the Governor of New Guinea. 1I( did not get the chance to do any good there, his instructions ha inperil him so, but for that he cannot Ix blamed. Thc South Brisbane people had ai indignation meeting thc other night ti protest against the way in which thei works have "been neglected. A goo* deal of money was voted out of the tel million loan for railway and othe works on that side of the river, an« they were promised that their wharfag improvements should bc pushed on But the other dav the B.LS.N. Co," steamer Bulimba liad to go down t "Newcastle for coals because she caul not bc loaded here in any reasonabl time. The coal is deli»ered herccheape than in Newcastle, but it can only b loaded in driblets for want of propc appliances, and the South Brisbaii people are annoyed at seeing trail driven from their doors by this negle« of their wants, whilst moncv is bein poured out like water on the other side of the river. Thc meeting was a vcry amusing one in consequence of the attempts of the Ministerial agents to ' persuade the people not to. form a Progress Association, but to trust to them. The Progress Association was formed, however, and the present mem- bers will probably experience the re- sults when the nest election comes on. A difference too has occurred-be- tween the Ministry and the Corporation of Brisbane.- With a view to filling the deficit caused by the failure, of the Land Act, Mr. Dutton has been lately selling by auction every bit of town land he can get bidders for in every town in the colony ; by which the re- turns from auction sales will be im inensely. swollen during this quarter. But to carry out this policy he deter? mined to cut up and sell a small reserve near Petrie's Terrace, which has been for years marked on the maps as a Municipal reserve*, though it seems that no dewis were issued to tlie Corporation for it. As this reserve is in a crowded outskirt of the .town, thc Corporation sent a deputation to the Premier first, and afterwards to the Minister for Lands, to remonstrate and urge their claims, but all they got was a promise that about three-eighths of an acre should bc left to them for a gravel pit. The rest must be sold. Money must be got somehow to pay thc salaries of the Ministerial supporters -r- say ill natured people. The Corporation is just now trying to get the Government to pay half the cost of re-decking the Victoria Bridge. In order to take the tramway over the bridge it will bc necessary to lay a fresh floor entirely. It is proposed that it shall be constructed, of steel buckle plates, carrying a wooden block pave- ment. The Tramway Company will pay half the cost, and if the Govern- ment will pay the other half the Cor- poration will be free of all cost. Messrs. Wakefield and Bulcock Yesterday waited on the Minister-for Lands on behalf of the Caboolture timber-getters, and succeeded in ob- taining from him a concession for theil clients. - Heretofore a timber-better tï~* êtmmtmi* tmomt tko Cn>w» 1^>,<1. -Hanger to draw nia loga rrom tte «ump to the rafting ground, but thc Banger would not measure them nor give a permit for their removal until the whole lot was drawn in. Now- Mr. Dutton has promised that the Ranger at Caboolture shall be instructed to measure what has been drawn to the rafting ground at any time when re- quired, and to give a permit for thc removal of the quantity measured, even though the whole of the timber cut by the timber-getters has not been drawn in. It may be measured, paid for, and removed from the rafting ground is lots as it cornea in, instead of having tc lie there until the timber-getter hat drawn in the whole of it. This is i great advantage to the Caboolture timber-getters, and those up your wa] should look out and get the samt privilege extended to them. I see that-Mr. Garrick lépotts thai the Danish Government will penni the emigration to Queensland of in dented labourers." This is very kind o them. They are on the verge of i revolution there. The Premier wa fired at in the streets of Copenhagei the other day, and only the dread o Russia and Germany , who it is knowi would assist the King, keeps the peopl dawn. I . .have no doubt ihat the pr* sent Danish Government would gladi, allow fully half the population to go t Queensland'or-Hong Kong, on an terms, «o lon» ss they get rid of them, but it does not follow that the people will go. I shall not believe in the im- migration of indented Danish labour until I hear that thc ships carrying them have sailed for Queensland. Brisbane, December 8. ! 