AUSTRALASIAN. The Victorian Bootmakers' Union has voted £100 to the bootmakers on strike in Adelaide. The Orient steamer Florida, with 575 immi grants, arrived at Sydney on ilonday. Lord Carrington will make his official landing in Sydney to-morrow. Mr. J. B. Were, C.M.G., & prominent Mel bourner, died last week. James Mcintosh, an Invercargill farmer, has failed for £87,000. The Unemployed of Auckland are clamoring for Government assistance. Mr. Peter Manifold, of Purrumbetc (Vic.), left property valued at £331,000. Two women were killed by being run over by trains near Ballarat last week. Mr. Garriek, Agent-General, has arranged for a supply of Danish laborers to Queensland. Sir Peter Scratchley's remains are to be buried in the St. Hilda Cemetery (Melbourne). Alderman John Young, a big contractor, is the new Mayor of Sydney. Matthew Friske, was hanged at Grafton (N.S.W.) yesterday for murder. Sir Peter Scratchley's remains will be accorded & public funeral in Melbourne. A man named Graham has been committed for trial for murdering his paramour in Melbourne. The Governor of Victoria has assented to the Federal Enabling Bill. Sir W. C. F. Robinson would gladly do likewise. An Irrigation Trusts Bill—providing for the irrigation of 108,000acres—has passed the Victoriau Assembly. The Committee of the Victorian Dramatic and Musical Association lost £404- 3s. 9d. by their recent carnival in the Melbourne. Exhibition. A concert recently held in Melbourne, in aid of a fund to establish a Chair of Music at the Uni versity, realized £600. Dr. Boyle GLanville, of Sir P. Scratchley's staff, 6ays the New Guinea climate is the worst he ever experienced. Sir Julius Vogel advocates a vigorous public works policy for New Zealand. It is stated that the Government intend to borrow £10,000,000. John Wesley Durham has been sent to gaol for two months for embezzlement from a Melbourne Building Society. Miss Bella Guerin received the degree of M.A. from the Melbourne University on Saturday. " Sweet M.A. who is not M.A. Ma." The Revd. George Hurst, Wesleyan Minister, of Burwood, New South Walas, died recently worth £112,383. The tender (£151.55b 7s. 11M.) ot Messrs. J. S. Stuart & Co., has been accepted for the Sydney Centennial Hall. The Secretary of State for the Colonies (Colonel Stanley) telegraphs his deep regret at the death of Major-Gen oral Scralchley. Sir P. Scratchley was of opinion that New Guinea could be made to pay in a few years if a wise system of Government were adopted. Mr. and MrB. Mills and five children were poisoned at. Murrnrundi (N.S.W.) oil Monday through eating tinned herrings. One of the chil dren died. Mr. Frank Grey Smith, General Manager of the National Bank, goes to England, and Mr. John Salmon, of Adelaide, sueeeeds him in Melbourne. .The following numbers, according to the Leader, give the immigration from Adelaide to Melbourne—July, 878 : August, 1,050 : Septem ber, 1,255. Tiie Federal Council of Australasia—which in cludes representatives from Victoria, Queensland, Tasmania, West Australia, and Fiji—meets at Hobart on January 25. j The sum of £334 8s. 2d. was received as admis sion fees to the Flemington Racecourse (Mel bourne) on the occasion of the Military Review on November 9th. Melbourne Charities, there- | fore, benefited to that extent. i It is likely that Messrs. Service, Rerferd (Vic toria), Griffith, Rutledge (Queensland), Thurston (Fiji), Sir F. N. Broome (West Australia), and ' the Premier and Attorney-General of Tasmania will compose the first Federal Council of Aus tralia. 