" MAIL NEWS. " {PER S.S. CLYDE.] -PARIS, April 1. M.'Jules Ferry received this morning a despatch apprising him that China had accepted the peace proposals made hy him, and that there were no further diffi- culties to ee'tle beyond the date of the evacuation by the Chinese troops of the positions they occupied. The date of the despatch is lat--r thau that of tho French defeat at Lang Son. M Ferry imme- diately communicated the despatch to Presid-nt Gravy. It is officially announced to-day that Brigadier-Generals Jamais and Munier will be despatched to Tonquin. The pro- motion of General Négrier to the rauk i.f General of Division ia gazetted this morning. COPENHAGEN, April 1. The Rigsdag was closed to day by Royal message In the Folkething the leader of the Lift read a proclamat'on addressed by the party to the "Danish people" in reference to the present criBia. "When the Royal message was about to be read tho wholo of the Left quitted the House. The members of the Left in the Landsthing also absented themselves during the reading of the Royal message. Tn virtue of Article 25 of the Constitu- tion, the King; ha^ issued a decree pro- vino ally authorising the expenditure by the Government of such, suma as may be ne:e>sary for the proper conduct of the public services, without, however, exceed- ing the amount fixed in the Budget Bill submitted to tho Rigsdag. ST. PETERSBURG, April 2. The official returns give the effective farce of Russian troop3 under colours at the beginning of last year as 662,449 men, exclusive of the Co sacks. This number was composed of 954 battalions, 330 squadrons, 367 batteries, vr 1,034 guns, and 30A battalions of engineers. The num- ber of officers was 30,88y. , -Prince.Bi3marck'sbirthday is being cele- brated he-e this ovening by a banquet given to the principal German residents by General Schweinitz, the German Am- bassador, and by other frBtive gatherings among the numerous German colony of St. Petersburg, bimilar festivities in honor pf the occasion are a'ao being held in Moscow, Warsaw., and,in fact in every other Bussian town where Germans are to be found ; and there are few places in Russia wheie they are not. Many te'e grams and addresses of congratulation have been sent to the great Chancellor from his compatriots in this country, who have reason to.be thankful in many ways for the dominating influence which " the man of blood and iron" has exercised over Germany's nearest neighbours. VIENNA, April 2. The village of Deutsch Liptsch, Liptau, Hungary, has been the scene of some savage anti-Semitic riots, which began on Sunday evening. The outbreak was caused by some of those absurd stories about blood sacrifices, which has been continually recurring since the Tisza Esslar affair. It was said that a Christian girl of 14 had been decoyed into a house, where some Jews, armed with long knives, had sought to kill her, in order to obtain her blood for ritual uses. This story haviûg spread, bands of peasants assembled and made a night attack upon the houses of the Jews. Much property was destroyed, many persons were wounded, two Jewesses and some children very seriously, and the riot was not quelled until some Honveds and gendarmes arrived, yes- terday the village was quiet, but this morning there have been some disturb- ances in other villages. Such outbreaks usually occur in Hungary during Passion week. The Austrian War Office has decided that there shall be autumn army manoeuvres this year. They will pro- bably be held in the north-west of Bohe- mia,, between Prague and Eger. The Emperor means to be present. 'Ihe newspapers to-day publish the de- tails of a new Mortar» case, as to which there have for some time past been many loose rumours. The alleged victim in this case is a Jewish girl, named Rachael Stieglitz, whose parents live at Cracow. Some years ago, when 15 years old, she disappeared. Two years ago there came a letter, written by Rachel from a convent in Paris, and saying that she had been baptised, bad taken the veil, . and was very happy. It is stated that Rachel was ill-treated at home, be- cause she wished to become a Christian, and that .she took refuge in a convent of her own accord. This the Stieglitz family strenuously denies. The Odesshi Wyestnik announces that the loth Division, stationed at Odessa, is shortly to go to the Caucasus. Concerning the Anglo-Russian differ- ence, it is remarked in Yienna that Rus- sian diplomacy has been of late years more successful in England than in other countries, because the Russians have found in Sir. Gladstone a man always disposed to believe the best, rather than the worst, of men who approach him with friendly words. Mr. Gladstone, it is added, may have pushed credulity too far, but then no man haB ever had the reli- gious, the humane, the liberal, and the emotional sides of his character so artfully appealed to by the Russians as he. ROÜE, April 2. The Binnania, which will saol from Naples for the Red Sea on the 3rd instant, with a cargo of supplies and material for the troops, is also to convey the represen- tatives of an Italian joint stock company that bas just been formed with the object of opening an hotel at Massowah, toge- ther with an establishment for the isle and exchange of products and gooda of various kinds. The Government, which has given all possible encouragement to the project, alike in the interests of Italian commerce and of the troops stationed at Massowah, is sending out the representa- tives of the company, and the large stock taken with them on board the Birmania, free of expense. The Stampa announces that the Italian Admiralty has bought in .England the steamship Dundee, for the Rr.yal Navy, and gives the names of the captain and officers..who are on the point of leaving to take charge of her, and bring her to .Italy. But the Stampa does not state what class of vessel she is, or from whom she was purchased. Two prominent public agitators have been arrested here. A secret printimg press and a »umber of insurrectionary proclamations addressed to the army were Beized by the authorities. At the residence of one of the men, named Albani, the police found some documents I of a compromising character. I GENEVA, April L Fresh arrests of Anarchists were made to-day at Winterthur and Zurich. RAWTTL PINDI, April.2. The troopa will make no advance until orden are received from home. Offers of assistance from the chiefs of the Punjab, Rajputana, and Central India, as well as from Cashmere, Hyderabad, and Nepaul, continue to pour in. In view of the contingency of complica- tions with Russia, private individuals (natives) are freely offering money and personal influence, accompanying their offers with expressions of the warmest loyalty and devotion to the Queen. CONSTANTINOPLE, April 2. In compliance with a request from the Porte,.Mr. Wyndham, the.Britisk Chargo d' Affaires, has directed the British post offices, in.. Turkey not to distribute any copies of the Arabic journal Abu Nadara, published in Paris. |NEW YORK, April 2. It is authoratively Btated that a con- tract for the lease of the Central Pacific Railway to the Southern Pacific Company for 99 years has been practically agreed to. The contract will, it is stated, pro- bably take effect from this day. Under the terms of the arrangement, the Central Pacific receives a minimum sum of l,200,000dol. yearly above the fixed charges, and from that up to 3,000,000dol., or 6 per cent, on the par value of the share capital. I PHILADELPHIA, April 2. The New York immigration returns show' that 33,900 persons arrived there during the past quarter, against 49,052 in the corresponding period of last year. Dunn's report of mercantile failures ; daring the' past quarter returns 3,658 -4-. -. »»"-»J. íí"llrt V. -. ¡ lljtlJi .1, Jí failures for au aggregate amount of 46,121 05Idol., beine ah increase of 362 failures and 6,000,000dol. ot liability. Tho debt is now l,405,440,350dol., the decrease in March having been 483,000doL The largo payments for pensiona pre- vented any laraer decrease. The Dom'nion Govo-nraont has sent Mr. Joseph Roya', M.P., to the North- west, with instructions to nueocinte with Riel for the settlement of the half-breeás' demands, if possiblo. The prep initions for wir a-o not mean- while reUxtd. An intensely patriotic feeling with keen military ardour prevails throughout Canada. Lirge contracts have been entered into for supp'ies of clothing. The genenl belief ia, that the conflict will be a protracted one. An uneasy feeling exists a'. Winnipej, where numerous Irishmen havo lately boon arriving from Chicago, who sympa- thise with Kiel. The citizens are organ- izing themselves f jr defence, and forming a local battalion, and have asked the Ottawa Government for arms and ammu- nitions sufficient for 500 men. A telegrani.from Qu'Appelle Btates that General Middleton has ordered the troops there to advance northward to-mortow, on the road towards Prince Albert, to Touchwood, about 40 miles. Reinforcements from tho east are beginning to arrive in Winnipeg, and are sent forthwith westwatd to Qu'Appelle. AU the Indians in the Saskatchewan Valley are on the warpath. The Stonies, numbering 5,000, and always friendly to the whites, have joined Riel. Communication with Prince Albert is still cut off. Tho rebels have also cut the telegraph wiro from Battleford, which is now isolated. Riel is repotted to have 2,000 _ men in the country between Battleford and Prince Albert, with bands of Indians con- stantly joining him. The Iudiaos in Western Manitoba show signs of disquiet The Canadian Government is sending all its available troop?, and the Governor General's body-guard at Toronto has been ordered to propere for immediate active service. Seven thousand men are now cal'ed for to subdue the rebellioa, which demand will strip Eastern Canada of all its forces. Details have been received of the de- struction of Aspinwall. A force sent from Panama attacked tho insurgents, under Preston, on Monday afternoon, driving back a email outpost. On Tues- day a fight began in the town, canon being used, and the firing was very heavy. . While the fight was in progress a fire, the origin of which is unknown, broke out. The insurgents were overpowered, and Preston, seeing that his defeat was 1 inevitable, escaped. Most of his men were killed or captured. The town by nightfall was almost entirely burnt, excepting a few of the ! Panama Railway buildings on the north beach. All the piero except' the Pacific Mail Steamship Co 's, were destroyed, and all the Panama Railroad books wera lost The Panama Canal Co. saved its boobs,and also 160,OOOdol. in money. All the railway cars in the station were consumed. The new town of Christopal eBcaped. Many of the citizens are utterly ruined, the suffer- ing being great. From Panama three carloads of supplies tfere Bent to them last night. The steamship offio als have telegraphed to New York for men and materials to rebuild the wha-ves, and also for supplies of food. TheBteamer City of Para has left New York for Aspinwall, with the steamship company's officials, who will assesB the damages occasioned and make a claim upon the Colombian Government. 