BROADBRIM'S NEW YORK LETTER. The colossal fortunes which tho last feu years hive built up arc fostering an extrav agance which, is fust destroying whatever little Republicanism, or Democracy—call it which you please—still remains to distinguish us from tho eflete monarchies of tho Old World. There is an aping after aristocratic ways and manners, with much of the imported tomfoolery which is disgusting to sensible men, and bodes but illy for the future of our Republic. No one expects a millionaire to live like a hod-carrier; it is fitting that a man of means should lire liberally, and give his mono}' a chance. I have little respect for the rich man who pinches, and screws, and grinds down his fellow man to the last cent, for tho sake of hoarding away money which some body who doesn't care a rap for him will scatter to the winds. I was taking a walk through Pino-street the other day, and saw a sign out " Auction of Turkish Rugs to-mor row." Being of an enquiring turn of mind, and thinking that the proprietor might mis take me for a bloated bondholder, I stepped up to the clerk with the air of a bank cashier about to skip to Canada, and said, " Young fellow, how much do you ask for this V' and I took hold of a rug by the corner as if it was my usual habit to buy live or sis a day. "That's a cheap one," said the daisy sales man, looking at mu superciliously, " cheap but good; you can have that beforo the sale for one hundred and eighty dollars. When the sale opens the lowest bid we ,vill take is two hundred; and don't you forget it.'"' I hau been jingling six standard dollars in ray pocket, thinking that I might carry home one of these prizes, hoping they might inspiro me when I wrote about Turkey, but this in formation took away my breath. " What is the price of this V' I said meekly, "how uiuch a yard P " We don!t sell them by the yard," lie answered. " Oh, you sell them so much a rug, then V' I asked. "No, wo don't," he answered. " Well, how do you sell them, then?" ""We sell them by the square foot." " How much a foot is this i" I inquired. " Three dollars aud a half," he answered with a3 much sang froid as if he was soiling ingrains at iifty cents a bale. Think of it, thirty-one dollars and a half a yard for a rug ! The rug was nine by twelve; that is to say thero wero twolvo yards in it, and the cost was §378. It takes between thirty and forty yards of carpet for a very oidinary bedroom, and suppose that some paper-headed dude should take a fancy to cover his floor with Turkish rugs, it would take §1,500 to foot the bill—about enough to furuish an entire house splendidly titty years ago. I stepped into Solomon's, in Union Squaro, the other day. This is the houso that fur nishes fino tapestries, hangings and furniture covers for the crcme de la cremc. Gorgeous indeed are the beautiful stutfs that surround you on every side—deft imitations of those Gobelins that adorn the palaces of kings. I was afraid to price things there, because they were wares that did not concern a poor man, and they wero away beyond the reach of even persons ordinarily rich. Twenty, twenty-five and thirty dollars a yard wero not deemed by anv means extravagant, and plenty of hangings wore there worth many times their weight in gold. The difference between tho Turkish rugs and tho goods at Solomon's, wa3 : Solomon's goods were coitly—they were beautiful; genius of the highest and noblest type wrought those wondrous designs with matchless skill, and if a man could not own them he was elevated and bettered for having seon them. But the Turkish rugs were dull and stupid—the very best of them reflected a semi- barbarous taste; it is the same taste that finds its greatest gratification in the diseased liver of a goose, and which cau never enjoy its venison till it has reached the stage of primary do cay. A loading paper contains a list of in dividuals who were monomaniacs on tho subject ot Japanese curios, and the sums invested varied for tho adorn ment of single rooms from §5,000 to §150,000. This reminds mo that one day I was in an old curiosity store, where all sorts of ancient and curious things are sold. An old lady came in with a saucer ; it was an ancient affair, and looked to my unsophisticated eyes just like such a saucer as you might expect to find in any second-hand ash barrel. The old lady wanted a cup to match it. The seller of curiosities declared it could not bo done, as tlio original set was manufactured for the Emperor of llussia, and whon Napoleon sacked Moscow he secured his set; on the downfall of Napoleon, the set wag dividod, tho King of Truasia getting ono cup and saucer, tho Emperor of Austria another, tho King of England ono, the British Museum ono, ono to Florence, 0110 to Home, and so on, till all but one cup and saucer was ac counted for. The old lady listened with open ears, eyes and mouth, and when she told him' sho must havo a cup, lie promised to try. Three weeks later the old l*dy called again and the result was that ho sold her an old cracked cup, not worth a cent, for §128. She walked off triumphantly with her prize, and I daresay, to-day, would not part with it for a thousand. A magnificent, illustration of that trito old adago "Fools and their money are soon parted." An old gentleman has been busily ongaged for many years in making a collection of fenders ; he has about eight hundred of different patterns and esteems himself the luckiest man in Neiv York because no other person lias as fine a col lection as himself, and if he should dio to morrow tho chances are ten to one that the whole lot might find its way to a. junk shop. I dropped into Castle Garden to see how tho immigrants were eared for by our benevo lent Emigrant Commissioners. Warnings wero everywhore, iu high Dutch and low Dutch, Danish, Finnish, Swedish, and Russian, Italian, German, Hungarian, Polish, and English. Tt warned emigrants against purchasing anything outside tho Garden, and assurod them that tho prices of all kinds of food wero fixed by tho Commissioners of Emigration : and, if they wore, the Com missioners of Emigration aro the most magnificent set of swindlers to be found in New York, or anywhere olse. A two-pound can of corned beef cost3 at tho stores, twenty cents, at retail, and as these men buy it considerably leas, yet they charge tho poor emigrant thirty cents a pound for corned beef that costs thorn eight, and forty cents for ham that coats them ten or twelve: sixteen cents for a loaf of bread that they could buy out side tlio Gardon for one-half. Everything is fanned out and the poor emigrant is squeezed to death by tho plunderers. Tho Jesso Hoyt will case drags its slow length along, and the hungry lawyers are fast consuming the ill-gotten estate. It ac tually seems as if the curse of tho Almighty rostod upon the ill-gotten gold of most of our dead and dying millionaires. ' Vandcrbilt, after piling up a hundred millions, is hardly laid in his coffin before his children are tearing each other to pieces for hi3 gold, and the horrible skeleton behind the door is exhibited to the public gazo. Garrison, Stewart, Dan Drew, Jesse Hoyt—all their accumulations piled mountains, high—seem to have a curse resting upon them which will not pass away. It is a shocking revelation in: tho 'Hoyt will case. The daughter curses her' old father on his death-bed, anil heinrevenge thrusts her into a mad-house. The heiress of millions i3 dragged shrieking through the streets by a policeman like a drunken tramp,' and is only saved from disgraceful imprison-; mentby the intervention of influential friends. ' The representative of one of our oldest,! richest, and most respectable families is a wild and reckless drunkard, and hides his weiik noss in a seclusion of his magnificent yacht, whore for woeks at a time he lies drunk as a lord. No, no, my young friend! Money isa good thing to have, but it is not everything. It will not give you health, it will not bring you content, and it has the faculty of getting out. of the way at the very momentyou need it most. If you doubt it, come to New York. I will take you to houses rich in everything but the peace of mind which the poof hod-carrier 011 joys when after his hard day's work he Btretches himsolf on a bare floor and sinks in to tho sweet sound sleep that money caunot buy. There was a rich man of blessed mem ory inNew York, Frederick Marquand, who died a couple of years'ago, but he left behind him a benefaction to the Young Men's Chris tian Association of Brooklyn, which has earued his name a right to registry on tho Lamb's Book of Life. For generations to come young men, homeless and friendless, will have cause to bless his name. He was indeed a steward of whom his Master will be proud upon the judgment-day. All honor to Frederick Marquand. Our hotels are full; our theatres booming, and our churches seem uncommonly prosper ous. Trade is pulling up and • politics are seething. Nobody counts on defeat. Every body is going to be elected, consequently everybody is happy. Yours truly, Broadbrim. 