ftdfnvaphic -§xm. CABLE MESSAGES. THE GENERAL ELECTIONS. LosDON, December 6. Tne elections are still progressing favour ably for tte Liberal party. Tue latest returns show three hundred and eleven liberals, two hundred and forty- four Conservatives, and axty-seven Parnellites have been elected. The success of the Liberals in tJw* fanning counties continnes. Several Liberal members were returned yesterday for constituencies previously represented by Conservatives in toe county of Lanark. Two Conservatives and four Liberals were retained for Argyle shire. A crofter candidate has been elected; he- defeated Colonel Malcolm, a Conservative. A crofter ™*''1Hatg htw alw *****n chosen for Inverness in preference to Sir Kenneth M»A— s^ a Liberal. Sir W. Hart-Dyke, Chief Secretary for Ireland, has been elected for the Dartford division of Kent. The announcement previously made that Sir Samuel Wilson had been elected for North Buckingham, is erroneous. Hie Conserva tives carried the central and southern divisions, and Sir Samuel Wilson was de feated for North Bucks. Toe elections will be 'vnHnrifil on Wednesday. The liberals have secured two hundred and twenty-si*: seats in Kngfond, twenty-fire in Wales, fifty-eight in Scotland, and one in Ireland; and the Tories two hundred and fourteen, in England, three in WAlp**, Tiinp in Scotland, and seventeen in Ireland. Sir Samael Wilson was in a minority of fourteen hundred and sixty ?one. The Hon. Edward Stanhope *»-m been ^lectftflj and t*»p *Ton. G* C. Dawnay rejected. Mr. Healy has been returned tor Deny. London, December 7. The East Denbighshire, Gsborne Morgan Judge Advocate in the Gladstone Mlnistryde Seated Sir Herbert Wynne, the late member Edward Stanhope, Vice-president of the Coancfl, vss elected for the Haracastfe did sion of TA Wffi n fhi ****- Latest retains of the elections published to-night show 315 liberals, 320 Conservatives andgarnrilftmi elected. Lord George Hamil ton, fizst Lord of ft** Admiralty, was elected far the TAling division of County Middlesex by a large majority. John Fender, Intp Tqfnbffr for Wick, was dp****1*^ for the new Wick electorate by Mr. Wallace, a TJl^g-al. Mr, TN^ft** Charles 'B*JT'g, Con servative, late member for Sooth Eases, was defeated for WalthamBtow division of the county by Edward North Buxton. London, December 9. The latest returns show that three hundred and twenty-four liberals, two hundred and forty-six Conservatives, and seventy-six Farnettitea have been elected. Further advices state that three hundred and thirty-one Liberals, two hundred and fifty Conservatives, and eighty-two Par nelttles nave been returned. The Sections iu England and Wales are now complete. Sir Henry Havelock Allen, a Liberal, has been returned for the south-eastern division of Durham, defeating Sir George Elliott, the late mf^i***^ for North Durham. Mr. Joseph Aiyh, & labour candidate, has been elected for the north-western division of Norfolk, beating Lord Henry Bentinck. Mr. Charles Fenwick, also a Ii^Vhttit ^?nHi^ft.t^ has been -*-frnty.n for the Wansbeck division of Northumberland, in preference to Mr. J. B. Cookson, a Conser vative. The aew Parliament will meet on the 12th ''''^ THE BULGARIAN WAR. Constantinople, December 2. It is announced th&t; two delegates hive been despatched by the Sultan to PhUHpopoUs, where the Houmelians are twainfayimug a sullen attitude towards the Porte. Sofia, December 2. The Bulgarian Government have formally rejected the Servian proposal that * mutual evacuation of territory by the two countries should take place, and the armistice be ex tended till the 1st January. London, December 3. It is announced that the Turkish Govern ment have appointed Dyerdet Pasha Governor of Boumelia, and are making preparations for the occupation of that province. The British Government are opposed to the movement, bat the other Great Powers have expressed their approval of it. Sofia, December 3. The RyQumeliana show a determination not to acquiesce in the decision of the Porte re garding the fafcnre government of Roamelia. A popular meeting was held at PhillipopoliB yesterday, at which the desire fur a union with fe-ul pan ft was unanimously reaffirmed. Belubade, December G. The Servian Government have formally re jected the counter proposal made by Bulgaria, that Servi* should pay aa indemnity for in vading Bulgarian territory, and that the towns of Pirot and Zatcher should be occupied by Bulgaria. Lokdon, December 6. The Bulgarian Government have demanded the evacuation of Widdin, an indemnity of thirty million marks, and the retention of the town, of Pirot tOl the indemnity is paid. It is reported that Prince Alexander has invited a Servian a?H-''^ against Turkey. Sofia, December 6. Prince Alexander has intimated that he will reply to the Servian despatch within forty-eight hours. OoNSTAimKOPLE, December 7. Yielding to the counsels of Sir Alexander White, the Sultan has recalled the Turkish delegates (who were Awy^fadi** to Phfllipo polis. Djesdet Pasha, who was appointed Governor of Roumelia, will remain at Con stantinople for the present. London, December 7. It iB announced, ou what is believed to be good authority, that the Great Powers have agreed to intervene between Servja and Bnl garia, inHjfrtnng on a definite conclusion of the armistice between the combatants. Viotna, Decembers. 'Nnfr^pjtfr irfa*.TiH ing the intervention cf the Great Powers neither Servia nor Bulgaria shows any disposition to accept the proposal for the conclusion of a definite armistice, Sofia. December 9. Prince Alexander j&a; now replied to the recent Servian despatch. He Insists on the conditions previously mentioned by him, viz. that Bulgaria shall occupy the towns of Pirot and y«fa^hwT °W fanf. Servia shall pay an indemnity for the invasion of Bulgarian territory. THE BURMESE WAR, Calcutta, December 2. Intelligence from Buxmah states tfip^ on the arrival olf the British at Mandalay ttiev found all the European residents safe. On the surrender of King Theebaw, General Prender gast immediately gave orders for his convey ance to Rangoon, where he arrived to-day. London, December 4. Tbeebaw, King of Barman, is now on his way to Calcutta. A report from Rangoon states that tile K*fng and Queen of IBunnah, together with several landing subjects, have been conveyed as prisoners to Thayetm ys. News has been received from Calcutta that since General Prendergast occupied Man dalay a raid has been made on that city by a body oi dacoits or professional robbers. An engagement ensued, in which many British troops were killed and wounded. Calcutta, December 6. In addressing a deputation at Luckno w Earl Dufferin stated, with reference to Burmah, that the British Government would carefully consider whether they would unite British and Upper Burmah or remodel the latter. Calcutta, December 7. The Burmese people have now assumed a pacific attitude. General Prendergast invites the ministers and officials of Theebaw'g court to assist in the government of that country. RENEWAL OF HOSTILITIES Df THE SOUDAN. Suaelh, December 2. A body of rebels to-day attacked a patrol on the outskirts of Snakim, and kill***! oue of the troops. London, December 4. The Soudanese tribes continue hostile. Yesterday they destroyed a mile of railway between Wady Haifa and Aknsheb on the Nile. Cairo, December 6. News has been received trom the Soudan that a rebel force of one thousand men had attacked th etown of Ambugol, between the third and fourth cataracts of-the Nile. They were, however, repulsed with heavy loss, and completely dispersed. Caibo, December 7. Lieutenant James Stevenson, now com manding here,' has been appointed to the command of the British troops at Wady Haifa. In vietr of the increasing activity of the Soudanese rebe's, another regiment is under orders to proceed forthwith to the front. London, December S. In consequence of the recent outbreak of hostilities in the Soudan, three battalions of British troops have been ordered to embark or Egypt* OBITUARY. New Yoek, December 9 The death is announced of Mr. Cornelius Yanderbilt, the American millionaire, WOOL SALES. London, December 3. The wool auctions close to-morrow. The total sales were 130,000 bales ; 15,000 were held over. The sales closed with a good eoni petitiou at full current rated. London, December j. The wool sales closed from a half-penny to a penny above September quotations. The quality of the new dip bbowb on improve ment. The sales consisted of 132,000 bales, and 19,000 were reserved. London, December 9. The wool sales will close on the 19th January. DANISH EMIGRATION. London, December, 4. The Danish Government have expressed their willingness to permit the engagement of indented labour for the Queensland pl&nta-; MR. GLADSTONE ON A COALITION. London, December 4. Mr. Gladstone declares an alliance between the Conservatives and moderate Liberals to be an impossibility. London', Decembers. The Daily Nona states that the Govern mentare semiring an ffilianry with the moderate liberals. THE STANDARD ON POLITICS. London, December 4. The Standard now asserts that there is no rhftn*y whatever of the Conservatives |tfnnriiip a majority. THE S.S. JOHN ELDER, London, December^ The captain of the John Elder, s.s., denies the report that his vessel was in danger of being wrecked at U&hant.; VICTORIAN AND NEW SOUTH WALES RAILWAYS. LiOkdos, itecemner 6. The Economist comments on the non-paying character of the New Sooth Wales and Vic torian Railways. ARREST OF AN ABSCOKDE&. London* December 6. M*Carthy Greer has been arrested at Ban bridge for embezzlement at Melbourne. THE ITALIANS IN THE SOUDA3S. Lokdok, December 6. The Ttaiij^n Government have mh^tm? MamoTOb. ? THE UINISIERXAL POIICY. Lokdok, December 7. The Morning Poaf says that the Marquis of Salisbury will meet Parliament, and proceed with the programme announced in his speech at Newport Lokdok, December S. it is generally understood tii&t; the Uaniuis of Salisbury, notwii3is£uding the resnltB of the late elections, has resolved to meet the new PqyjiftiTiftpf. and snbmit liis programme^ which jtH''*'*' various reforms. FROZEN MEAT. London, December 7. The frozen meat by the Tongariro, B.&., has arrived in splendid condition. : THE GKBMAX PRESS. Lokdok, December 8. The German Press deplore the failure of the Tories. BUSSO-AFGHAN AFFA1KS. London, December 8. The Turcoman Usbecks are inviting the Russians to protect them against the Afghans. THE NICARAGUA CAKAL. Washc-cton, Decembers. President Cleveland has sent a message to Congress announcing that he withholds his assent to the Nicaragua Treaty Bill Iggfttising the construction of a canal by that route, because the bill contains clauses of an entang ling character. THE SINGLETON WILL CASE, Los-don, Decembers. The appeal in the Singleton will case has been dismissed with costs. CRICKET. Lokdok, Decembers. The cricket fixtures have been made regard less of the possible visit of an Australian team, bnt if an ele¥en from the colonies comes to England, the principal counties will pro vide dates. London, December 9. The counties are willing to concede to an eleven from Australia the terms usually ^'tBE DEPRESSION IX TRADE. London, Deeemlier S. The American Commissioners appointed to report on the depression in trade, reports that British workmen are better off tha!: others, which is mainly owing to the free txade policy of England. They ad vise America to gradually adopt the same system. SOUTH AUSTRALIAN IMMIGRATION. Lokdcvs, December 9. Sir Arthur Blyth. Agent-General for Sooth Anstvaiia, has dispensed with his emigration staff, and reduced the nnmber of other officials in his office. FEDERATION. London, December 9. The 7Tme- predicts that the separate British communities will shortly adopt the Federal Council BilL THE FREIGHT RING. London, December 9. A wimn discussion is being carried on in the columns of the 7W* on the subject of the freight ring, by Mr. Daly, of the nrm of Newton Brothers, and a London director of the Australian Joint Stock Bask, SIB PETER SCRAXCHLEY'S SUCCESSOR. Lokdok, December 9. The successor to Sir Peter Scratehley will be either Mr. J. B. Thnnton— Premier of Fiji, Mr. H. Romilly, or the Eon. John Douglas. ? SHIPPING. Lokdok, December I. The Merkara, E.8., arrived at Pfymoutti to day. Sob-, December I. The Dnfce of \V ggfrm ngt-^r t S.&., from London, left to-day outward Wmmi, Aden*, December 7. The Dote of Westminster, b.s., arrived to day €ti Y-tvte to Queensland* Colombo, December 8. The Duke of Buckingham, s.8., arrived on Sunday, She is outward bound. 