.SÜ'M M A EY FOR EUROPE. __-_-_---o POLITICAL. Tlio (lobato on tho addics«. m íoply to tho Governor's speech on tho o_>ciiing of Paihamout was concluded in tho Legia lattvo Assombly, on 'lhuisday, July 2 It lasted much longoi than vi is at lust expected, because of tho hostile attitude to«aids tho Govaniment assumed by Mi Harper, but the inttiest Hinged until Mt Sei wee spoko on Wednesday, July 1 Ho replied genual]} to the criticisms on the actions .if the Government duimg the recess, and Ins speech vv as admitted to hi« o boon a happy ellort On the i dei hvisU quostion, ho c1 lined tint tho igitation earned on by tho colonies brought about i great chango in the pioposals of tho Pionch Government Instead of 00,000 to 80,000 criminals boing tiansported from Prance to places abioad, in eluding Now Cilodonm, as was pro vided for m the bill of tho Ferry Cabinet, not moto than 12,Q00 aie to bo sent away, and tile stations aro to bo selected by tho Government Fow, it is undoistood, will come m this direction Mr Service also loinmded tho House that it w as proposed by an in teinational convention in Buropo to pie vent the seizure of the New Hobudos by any individual powei Ho dofended the terms used m his telegrams to Mr Muirav Smith, agent ¿oumul, whon it bo carno known that Geimany had annexed pottion of Now Guinea Mi Harpor, in his speech, animadverted stiongly upon thq phraseology, but Mi feor vico had the House with lum m his reply to tho lion momboi Tho inaction of Lord Dolby r. hen ho was wai ned of the intentions of Germany was doolaiod to be " tho most melancholy and marvellous example of political imbecility recorded in history." Mr. Sorvioe then answered Colonel Smith's reflections upon tho working of tho Public Sorvico Act. On tho whole tho act, he says, has boon a success, and it must have a fair trial boforo any idoa is entertained of amending it. Tho question of sending troops to tho Soudan was touchod on in the following torms :-" Mr. Dalley and tho people of Now South Wales not only doBorvo credit for tho action they took in sending a contingent to tho Soudan, but thoy will go down to posterity as tho loadors in this movomont, and Mr. Dalloy's namo will bo for over associated with tho 'lightning Hash of J inspiration,' as it has been aptly described, which fusod these colonies into ono, and woldud the ompiro together in such a way that it will never, I boliovo, bo disintegrated again. (Loud cheers.) But what would have boen tho cl.'eot in England and in Europe if Mr. Dalley's bold and patriotic ell'ort had not been thoroughly backed up by the other colonies ? (Hear, hear.) Odious com- parisons would havo beon drawn betwoon tlie diti'orent attitudes of tho colonies, and it would probably havo boen said in England that Now South Wales was doing this for somo particular object that Victoria was holding back becauso wo had beon badly treated by tho Colonial Oflico. (Hoar, hoar.) If Now South Walos had stood alono, this movement would not have had the ellect it had in England or in the capitals of Europe. (Hoar, hoar.)" The leader of tho Opposition (Mr. Bent) followed tho Premier, and accused him of having, when in London, dono all ho could to damage tho loan which tho O'LoghlonGovornmontmado two attempts to float in 1882. Mr. Sorvico assorted that tho charge was a fabrication, and challenged Mr. Bont to produco ovidonco or rotract tho falsohood. Mr. Bent withdrew tho particular romark that had given oflbneo, but ropoated that Mr. Service "was behind tho acones" at tho timo. "That is a lie," rejoined the Premier in a white heat. #Whon Mr. Bont conoludod, Mr. Sorvico handsomely apologised for tho slip. Ho felt that such a retort as ho mad. should not havo boon uttered in tho House. In a word or two ho showed how absurd it was to charge him with attempting to damago tho loan. Ho was vory frioudly to the O'Loghlon Government at the timo, and co- oporatod with a number of other Victorians then in London in giving advice which would havo mado tho loan a succoss had it boon adopted. Mr. Bent moved an addition to tho address, thanking nis Excellency for the oller of troops for tho Soudan mado to the Im- perial Government. Ho was not sorious, howovor, and ho withdraw tho motion. The addross in reply, as originally pro- posed, was thou agreed to without a division. The Chief Seoiotaiy lins explained tho provisions of the Licensing Bill, mid is to move tlie first reading to mono« A sjnopsts of the clauses is givon m another column Di Heain hits consented to loaume the position of leadoi of mombeis of tho Legislative Council outsido the Mimstiy IIo has intimated to the Government that there must bono attempt to nish bills through tho Council this session, as was tho caso last session The Legislativo Assombly has agreod to go into eommittoe to consider an ad diess piaying Hisl_j_colloncytho Governor to put \ otos on the Estimates of £4,000 for Mrs Giant and ¿2,000 for Mrs M'Goll, .widows of membeis who died in tho locoss The motion to go into committeo on Mrs Grant's vote was moved by Mi Bent and agiced to without a division It was suppoitodby tho Cluof Secietaiy (Mr Berry), but opposed by tho Piomiei (Mr S.01VIC0 ) Mi D M Dax ios movod in Mis M'Coll's intoiest, but tho Houso divided on tho question It was agieod to go into committee by 35 votes to 22 Voiy satisfactory lovonuo íoturns were pubhshod on July 1 foi the quaiter and financial year which ended on Juno 30 Tho incrcaso o /er tho conospondmg quarter of 1883 4 was £G2,410 Hie total revonuo foi tho yeal was £0,200,052 -tho first ¿imo m the history of the colony that it was ovot £0,000,000 The incienso otei tho returns of 1883 4 «as £350,074, and Mi Service's budget oatnnato was o\ coeded by £250,000 The Railway de partaient yielded £2,200,007, exceeding the previous yeai's lncomo by £120,818, and also exceeding tho amount roquued for maintenance and for tho paymentof in terest on tho cost of consti uction Hie rovenuo fioin Customs was £1,010 538, or £150,000 abovo tho îeturn foi 1883 4 SOCIAL AND GENERAL A conference will Bliortly bp held in Mel- bourne between the Premiers of New South Wales and Victoria, mid probably other colo- nies, on the subject of federal naval delence A despatch on tins question from the home Government 13 now 011 its way out Mr. Baker, e_c Mmislei uf Kducation 111 South Australia, who had also charge of the postal alTairs of Hint colon), some time UKO submitted to the Postmasters General of Vic- toria and New South \\\ ales the basis of a proposed new arinngement lor pnjing the owners of thf occim mail Hteiiiiiers ac- cording to the weight ot correspondenc. carrierl, instead of Li) a lived biibsid) At present, for c.ample, this colony pti)S ÍSJ.OOO a jear to the 1* and (J S N. Company, but receives from the other Auutrnhi-.m11 colonies payments according to the weight uf letters, newspapers, and package's sent from them to England in the mail steamers of the company subsidised b) Victorin, the loss to this colonv l.e.ng -omethiiig ovei ¿20,000 a year. lu the same via) this colonypavs in respect of Vietoiinn letters, äse, sent by mail Btenmcrs under con- tract with the Governments of other co- lonies Mr. linker's view ia that a more equitable arrangement would be secured to the respective colomcB by what may be called a federal ocean mail service A common agreement, it is also argued, would pro- mote the mutual interests of the colonies in mail matters, and enable them to i neciiri" the most rapid means of con \t)tmce at the minimum cost, removing most, if not all, of the anomalies in- separable lrom the condition of things winch now obtains ut ihc same time giving the colonies in tin ir c< elective capacity a in ic impoituit position than they con uitlividuailv hope to hold in relation to the postal authorities of the United Kingdom, and raising their prestige in the eyes of other countries Mr Jinki r a proposai has been brought under the notice of the Governments of the respective colonies by their Post masteis '..eneml, but, owing to the pressure of ino-eui ¡.cut business the consideration of the matter lins bet n deterred from time to time J lie Victorian contract with the 1* and O Co empires on Innunry 31, 1888, if notice be given on the 31st January next, 24 calendar months notice being required on or at any lune uftcr that date, to ter inmate the contract, lrom either of the parties to it 'lhe new South Aus tralian Government have deputed Mr Buker to visit Victoim and New bouth Wales, lor the jiurpose of effecting an agreement on the question \\\ ith regard to the Colonial and India In- hibition of 1880, the colonial commissions have abandoned the idea of a united Aus traban court, on the understanding that the space which was to have been devoted to guch a court will be divided amongst the Australian colonies It is consuleied that there is no necessity for the united court, as the whole of the Vustrahan courts will be grouped in the same part of the exhibition, and the display made will be practically that o£ United Australia 'Hie additional space proposed to be (.runted for the separate courts will enable the colonies to make much more ctTective displn) a A shock of earthquake was felt in Mel- bourne and in i annus parts of the colony about 2 o'clock a. ni on the Jrd mat In some ßlaces it was ver} sei ere It was accompanied y a rumbling noise Ince that mude by a train No shock so severe has been felt hete for many }ears J he Aii/us is publishing a series of com muiucntions from Mr O A Sala on ins trip to Australia, under the title ot " lhe I_andot the Golden I1 leece." A company ia being formed lo prospect tor gold m the south eastern portion of New Guinea, near the Uiver ¿Jacassa, a member of a late exploring party having alleged that he found Borne rich auriferous stone there Sir Peter Scratchley has informed one of the pro motors lhut he has no objection to the e\pe dttion under certain conditions, of which the principal ure-'1 hat lull information should be given to the commissioner as to the movements of tile expedition, that the operations of the expedition are to hu con ducted entirely at the party s own risk , and that the expedition is not to interfere in any way with the evplorations undertaken by the Geographical boctety of Australasia on the Aird Uiver, or with the exploration of Mr 11 O forbes, of the Ko} al Geographical Society of England, who puiposes to land nt lîedscur Bay in order to explore the Owen Stanley Hange. The commissioner reserves to himself the right to cancel the permission "on proof that your proceedings are inter fenng with the maintenance of good order and government within the limits of the pro tectorate, whereupon ) ou will be required to leave the island ' Compliance with the tegulatioiis issued by Commodore Erskine in November, 1881, making Port Moresby the sole port of entrv, and prohibiting the supply of arms, ammunition, und intoxicating liquors to the natives, is nlso enjoined borne doubts having been raised as to the source lrom which the rich specimens of quart-; ex hibitcd prior to the lormution of the coin pan} were obtained, a meeting of the com pany will be held to day to fully consider its position Some interesting information has been Ijublished in 1 lu. Aigus, aecompnnied bj a complete plan of the working, as to a deep gold, mine at Sanduutot. The mine in question, Lansells No 180, IB the deepest pnjable mine in the colony, the depth of the shaft being ovei 2,000ft., and gold-bearing quartz has been seen as far down as the bottom of the shaft. It is a private mine, owned by Mi Georgo Lansell, und yielded well down to a depth of some 4001t. Ho con tiuued to sink against the advice ot theorists, who sind that no payable quart/ would ever be found below the water level, and, alter 10 jcars ot prospecting, numerous stone was stiuck at 1,0501t, tanking was continued, drives being put in ut regular inteivalB, and the yields ol the stone crushed have been, for several months, published fortnightly, but as they onto aveiaged a few pennyweights to the ton, they were not sufliciently en couraging to attract much capitul m the direction of deep mining enterprise Kilmours, however, began to get current that the best stone in Mr Lansell s mine was not being sent to the stampers, and trom the fact that tlie last reported crushing of 123 tons has returned over 748oz , it may be inferred that these rumours have not been altogether without foundation It has also been stated not only that there is a very large body ot payable stono waiting to be removed from the lower levels, but also that if the best ground in the mine were crushed a return of l,000oz. of gold could be obtained in any lortnight Such a report as this is sufficient to determine the future of nuning at Sandhurst for many a year to come. The Munster of Mines promised a deputa- tion from the Amalgamated Miners' Associa tion, which waited on linn a few months ago, that he would cause the fullest investigation to be made as to the ellects of the use of dynamite and other explosives in mines with a view to devising some means of preventing injury to the health of the ramera arising from the use of these explosives A board has been appointed to inquire into the whole question, and repoit upon the plans that have been tried for the purpose of rendering the fumes of the explosives innocuous The Agricultural Colleges Act, which was passed duimg the last session of Parliament, provides that 150,000 acres of land shall be reserved as an endowment to provide for the cost ot earling out the act. lhe total roser vations up to the present tune amount to about 120 000 acres. Hie Munster of Landa has received a letter from Mr li Campbell, who writes from liushirc Persian Gulf, under the date oí May 2oth last asking for information as to the terms on winch land may be acquired by immigrants and others m this colon) Mr Campbell, who is connected with the Persian Gulf telegraph s)Stein, states that he and five otheis are desirous ot settling m the colony anti cultivating land Ho asks for full information as to the land laws the cost of erecting a Inrni house the puce of farm im plcmenta stock, and other things and his request will be complied with by the ollicera of the Lands department Mr J D Derry G1 , who accompanied Mr Deakin to America has completed Ins report upon the technical aspect ot irrigation in that country and the document lins been issued from the Government 1 rintinj, olhce Mr Derr) deals with some of the principal canals m Calilotmu nud Arizona and de scribes the implements used in excavating and other work, tor the artificial watering ot the soil A large number ot dia"roms are appended to illustrate the metho Is of con struction of Bome typical weirs In a pam graph near the end ot the report Mr Derry sas s \- Caution must be observed m making any remarks aa to the prospects ot irritation m Victoria and too sanguine hopes should not be entertained Hie conditions of natural water supply here by comparison with Cab forma, are palpably unfavourable rendering it necessary that the resources be m ide tho subject of systematic investigation and care ful study as a whole iheolliccr of the I nnds department who is entrusted with the a ¡ministration of the Hobbit Destruction \ct lins recently reci ned a number ot communie itions from persons who profess to have discovered means of dealing with the ribbit pp_t more ellec tivcly than b) any of the plans adopted up to the present Some of these proposals were not new to the olhcers of *he depart ment Others were _o preposterous that they were not entert une 1 lora moment and in a lew casca experiments have beer mude on the lines ot the sugestiona offered but without an) important results Some of the persons relcrrc 1 t > have claimed rewards and one gentleman who sudeste 1 the intio duction into Victon i ot o poisonous riant fiom the nitenoi of Australia asked tor a bonus and Ina ex\ enses in piocurm., the plant but it was pointed out to lum that the plant would probably prove fatal to live stock as well as to the vermin Mr li brook the ollicer wtio has charge of the iidiiunistrition of the act ia continually e\ pcrimentuiL, with a \ lew to devising means of leatroynig the uibbits under the \ an HIL, circumstances m which they have to be dealt with Jelegrains of BI\ words sent from one part of the colony to another tue now charged Öd and the reduction which carne into operation on the 1st mat already promises favourable results Dr ] dward limiter died on the -Oth ult lie was on old colonist having come to this pint of the world in 1840 lie did not at lirst ]rictise his profession but liku several other medical men who came liitliu at that epoch he took up land and auccesstul. applied himself to pastoral pur suits In 184J however he came to Mel bourne and coirmenccd practice and soon ttcquued nn extensive and lucrative con nevon lu 1851 he vi as elected surccon ot the benevolent Asylum and lu the following jeal hew is chosen aa one of the honorary surgeons of the Melbourne Hospital a con nexion he ret mud foi _J_)enrs during which jeriol be became deservedly celebrated aa t skilful operating surgeon When the mc be ii behool ol the Ihm crHit) w na founded m 1802 he was appointed lecturer on surtei) on olhce he held until 1880 Ile waa ono of "he foundeia of the Méditai Societj 11 Victoria and shoitlj after its commencement became its president. Ue to)k nn active part in the commencement of the Auali altan Medical Journal, and was for some years a regular contributor to its pages For some time past his health bad been very ínlirm, and the prosperity which marked his early experience in tina colony bad ile chned nia death makes another break m the fast diminishing list of those who ton Btitutcd the inedicnl profession in the primi- tivo ela of Victoria, Dr Barker had two sons, also in the profession, both of whom died during the last l8 months, one of them quite recently Mis barker's death also occurred only a few weeks ago, and it ia well known that these bereavements depressed linn very crcatl), and tended to hasten Ins decease He was a I cllovv of the lto) al Col- lege of Surgeons of longland, and a Doctor of Medicine of the Univeraii) of Melbourne He was a native of Buckinghamshire, 1 ng land, and was in his 70th ) ear The four men charged with being con- cerned in the robbery under onus of the Simpson's road brancn of the -National Bank have been committed tor trial Mr Dion lioucicnult with two members of his family, Miss IS ina Boucicoult and Mr D lloucicault, appeared for the first time in Australia nt the 1 beatre T¡0)al on Saturday night in "Thebhaughraun " A notice of tho performance vv ill be found in another column At the Opera house Mr Darrell a new piece, " 'Hie Squatter," is still on tho boards After ringing changes on oki works the managers at the liijou 'theatre produced a new opera, written and composed m Mel- bourne bv Mr Luscombe beardie, entitled " Isidoia." The musical composition was light, lluent, nnd agreeable, and superior to the literary work, i he sta^e at the Theatre lîojal was well occupied until Tritlnynight, the 10th Hist, by the revived performance of Oflenbach- " La Idle du'Iambour Major." The Metropolitan Liedertaf. 1, conducted b) Mr Julius Herz, gave their 100th concert m the Town hall, in the presence of His L-ccel lene) the Governor and Lady Loch andagreat audience Amongst tho attractions presented are to be noticed the first appearance in this city ot Herr Louis Pabst, a com- poser and pianoforte pin) er ot distin- guished merit, and the performance of the lirst two parts ot "The Damnation ol Kaust," by Hector Berbo/ This last named meri- torious attempt only show ed that Melbourne is liol)et able to peitorm a great orchestral work in the manner intended by the composer Mr John Kruse gave the final concert of the series, in the Melbourne Town hall on Wednesday night, July 1. The talent of tbiB young Aus- tralian artist has been recognised m a manner behttmp the training that he has re- ceived m Herbu under^ Joachim At the time of writing he is m Sydney. He is ex- pected to be heard here again before return ing to Berlin. Mr C W Mussel!, the prin- cipal of the Melbourne School of Music, ga\o his fourteenth annual concert in the Mel bourne Athcntoum on Tbursduy night, 2nd July-a pupila" concert, well leceivud by o ¡argo audience. The Melbourne Liedertafel, conducted by Mr. Jubua. Siede, gave a concert in the Town hall on Wed nesday evening, 8th July, m aid ot tho Gordon Memorial lund now being collected throughout the colon) of Victoria. His Excellency the Governor and Lady Loch and a large audience were present. The musical selections were well chosen, and were of the familiar kind, and were well per- formed The Melbiurne Philharmonic bociet), conducted by Mr. David Lee, gave a subscription concert In the Town hull on Saturday night, the 11th uist, when were given with good etlect selections from "Samson," "Israel in Itgypt," "Judas Maccabams," "Joshua," "Acia and Galatea," "Theodora," "Jephthu," and " The Measmh." Mil. IHCnAUDSON'S CASE. A sensation has been caused bv an exposé, in which Mr llichardson, an e\ Munster of Lands and one of the members lor Creswick, ia concerned It ia connected with some selections of land at Fish Creek, Gipps Land, for which a number of members of Parlia- ment and their relatives were applicants Mr. llichardson himself was not an appli- cant, but two of his sons and his son-in law, John Carnegie, were The chargo against Mr. Richardson is that, on Carnegie's be half, he sent in an application for a block, every statement m the form and the signa- ture being in his (Mr. Richardson's) hand- writing. The documont purported to have been attested before Mr llichardson, in his capacity as a justice of the peace, on the 2nd August, 1884 At that time Carnegie was not m the colony, and could not havo made the declaration He lett m Muy, 1884, for Scotland, and did not return until De cember The pegging out ot the land which was referred to in the declaration took place m Jul), 1881 The local land board rejected Carnegie's application on ita monta, but he appealed In looking over the papera ugoin, the burvevor general (Mr Skene), who was chairman of the board, dis covered that the signaturo was in Mr Hicbardson's handwriting The matter was mentioned in the Legislative Assembly on Thuräday, July 2, but Mr. llichardson was not then present On the following Saturday his statement was published in J he Aiyu* It was to the effect that Carnegie, on the 10th May, 1884, oppearcd before lum with a signed, but otherwise blank, apphca tion for a selection. Mr Iticbnrdaon there upon attested the signature Carnegie lett the iorm with lum to be Idled up, when a friend named Nichol, who wus to peg out the lund, supplied the necessar) particulars Mr llichardson, m hlbng up the forma for his sons and Carnegie, made a mistake m the latter s, and tore it almost in half He then Idled out a new one, signed Carnegie'B miine, and his own in the places set apart for them, and dated the document August 2, 1884 Tins "copy" was sent into the board, and during the hearing of the application Mr Kichurdson told Mr Wimble, one of the members of the board, that the declaration was not an original If he put in August 2 instead of May 10 as the date, he made a mi-take When the Assembly met on Tuea day, he repeated this statement m the main, and produced a letter from Mr. Wimble sup- porting what he said regarding that gentle- man. Ile admitted having made a blunder, but assured the House that he did not intend to deceive anjone, and that no one was de- ceived by the fast that a " copy " instead ot an original was sent to the board. The sub- ject wus debated for a while. Mr M'Intyre, Mr. Patterson, and Mr Zov urged that some further inquiry should be made. Mr. Patter- son was jiarticularlyemphatic. "Adocumcnt signed in May, Idled up in July, and dated August, is a he on the face of it," said the lion, membei. "No justice ot the peace," ho added, "could be so ignorant of the law as to allowa mun to swear a blank form before lum," and other members-Mr, Wrixon, Mr. Pearson, Mr. James, Mr. Hussell, and Mr. M. II. Davies-thought that Mr. Itichardson's confession that he made a mistake should be accepted as ample, and that nothing more should be done in the mattei. The Premier, however, took time to enable the Government to consider what action they would take. He is to announce to monow what they will do. It is not urged at piesent that the matter should be inquired into as affecting Mr lticliardson as a member of Paihament The charge is that he abused IUB position us a justice to obtain an advan- tage lor a relative, mid should therefore be removed from the commission of the peace. It is absurd to suppose, it is Bald, that he would have acted for a stranger as ne admits he acted for his son-in law, THE NEW LICENSING BILL. The Licensing Bill is to be ono of the prin- cipal measures of the session. Ita provisions were explained by Mr. Beiry in the Legisla- tive Assembly on Wednesday, July 8, when he moved that the House should go into com- mittee to consider the present state of the law relating to public-houses. There aie 4,299 licensed houses in Victoria unequally distri- buted among the population. Under the bill they can be reduced one-half, und each locality will receive an equal share. Lach district may have an hotel for every 250 people up to 1,000, and an extra one for every 500 over that number. Where ever that proportion is exceeded local option may be exerciBed to bring about a decreise One-Dfth of the ratepaiers maydemand a poll and the majority will decide whether or not the number ol houses is to be brought down to the limit, The licence fees are to be increased, und ure to be "25 (as at present), £50, and £100, according to the municipal rating of the building. All fees and lines are to go into a special fund, out of winch compensation is to be paid to licensees and owners whose houses are arbi- tran.) closed, the licensee to receive pa}ment calculated upon his prolits for two >eais, and the owner live }ears dilîeience m the rent of the house as an hotel and as an ordinnry trading establishment. A special licensing court, composed of three gentlemen appointed bj the Governor in Counril, is to deal with all licensing matters in each district, to issue and forfeit licences, and to deal with offences against the act After the bill passes hotel properties are not to be purchased by brewers or wine and spirit merchants, but places owned ut present by gentlemen in those businesses are not to be interfered with. There are 310 barmaids m the colon), 'those in thnt service mav be retained by hotelkeepers, but after the bill becomes law no others are to be engaged. ThcBe ure the principal piovisions 'lhe motion to go into committee was agreed to The bill waa criticised briefly by somemembeis. Mr Gaunson and Mr Mason, who are credited w ith being m the confidence of the licensed victuallers, opposed it strongly. Mr Nimmo, who is ii temperance advocate, thought it a good measure, but Mr. James declared that it would not satisfy the prohibi- tionists. The first reading of the bill is to be moved to-morrow THE REVENUE 1.13TURN. The revenue returns for the quarter which ended June JO, und for the financial year ISM r), «te as follow - Quarter ending"! ^ car cntltn_. I - CXSTOVtS Kiiints Willi) Beer anti euler Tobacco and snuff Clgara Tea Sujar anti ino 1___C3 Colleo, t hlcorj, cocoa, anti clio coluto Opium Itlco Hops Malt Dried and pre served fiuib. and v cjretabli LU o stock Articles subject to ad valorem duties All other articlu. V. baltana rated 8,403, £5,071 8 9241 1!>,J20\ 4 SIS 4,414 2,070 1015 85 5731 00,6011 13 ¿U\ JJ 81-1 07,420 31,310 7-l,0U) 10 60/ 4 410 J JOll 86 7241 441 4701 70,292 288 7231 16,130 28,06.. Total Custom-" 422 015 458,015(1709,107 1010,5.18 IA pit Victoria Auctioneers' ccnccs Licences - bacco and cigars All other licences Act bW-l' togo Duttes on estates ol deceased per Duties on barn. notes - Land tax Stamp duty Tobacco duties III -TsnaiToniAL Alienation ol Croit n Lands 11) auction Interest, auction li) liccnco and lease Progress pay monta I ¡nal i«} nicnts Otherwise than hy auction, licence, and lease Penalties and flues Licences nilli lc-ascsolhcrthati agricultural lees under 11 cotices Routs under leases Pastoral Ocoupa «on Kents of runs Grazing licences Mallee pastoral licences Penalties Harbour Trust Contributions Kents and Li ceuecs Miners lights liuslncss licences Leases of niirife rous and mineral lands W utcr right and searching ccnccs, fc-c Total Territorial IV - PUBLIC Wow« Kailvva) Income Watcrbnppl} - \au 1 can On the gold fields Geelong Alfred Grav lug Dook Patent slip Crane V - Fonts AMI li otuouns Tonnage I'llotago at out ports VI POSTAMITIL uii.il II Omccs Post-otlico Connulsslon c lnone) orders Llcctrlc telegraph Cilices \ II -Trrs Suproineundothci coutts Customs and Har boui depart nteiits Registration, sell ing tobacco Act Ko 603 Mining depart- ment Lands Curator of estates of deceased per VIII -Fi.\ES. Supiemuandothf Coutts Othei lines and ioifoitutes Total fines .. I\ -MISCFL CAMÎOUS Kents csoluslicof lands Gotciuuicut Prill tor I'eual establish nicnts Education Industrial and re f o i ni ato r) schools Experimental flinn Solo of produco aboriginal sta tlons Sale of Coi el ii ment proporty Jilaster in Lunacy and lunatic asy linns Mint charges Iutcicst on public account Interest on loans to local bodies Interest on loans to water trusts Surplus mint sub sid) returned Contiibutlons for maintenance of publlu gardens, -0 Local forces All other receipts Not Incrcaso on the quarter Not Increase on the ) car 83,030 15,01. 627,3(1' 89,8(101 91,030 18,023 71T 1,434 77 2,950 243 63,087 0,370 433,130 03,829 1,489 1,629 24,737] 1,1 14,734 700 640,009 2079,24¡> 1,704 2,122 7,303 1,460 41,099] 13,33' 8,000 10,770 1,300 6,207 3,076 1,7611 4.2U2 9,382 1,204 2 860] 200,058 103,030 388,917 60,232 25,510 2,683 2200,007 127,820 1,132 8,400 0,894 10,623 3,145 9,238 1,062 COD 27,858 2,010 3,231 672,413 .03 003 010,024 18,700, 7,0011 1,718] 1,771 85,620 18,530 94,201 210,311 214,; 5,005 0,527 2,031 18,303 7,487 297 1,822 1,927 03,350 11,762 3,250 0,204 29,245 THE LABOUR MARKET. Tor proof of the strong position of trade unionism .n Victoria it is only neeessarj to consider the donattona voted by nil societies to any class of tradesmen out ot work through disagreement with their misters or dulness of trade Not only do the Victorian tradesmen grant support to men m need of it here, but a hint that a number of miners had been on stake for nearly 17 weeks m Denniston, New Zealand and were in wunt of funds, was sufficient to call forth many liberal subscriptions for them from the societies which meet at the Melbourne Trades hall Notice has been re- ceived recentl) that the trouble in Denniston IB over, and the miners have re sumed work Since the despatch of the last summary the Light Hours Anniversary Committee have met and adopted their balance sheet, which showed that the gross receipts on Light Hours Day amounted to £2,412, of which £1,000 was handed to the Trades hall Council A paper was read at a meeting of the Saddlers and Harnessmakers ¡society recently, advocating direct representa tion of labour in Parliament It was sug gested that the members of the labour organisations should subscribe 3d per quarter towards the establishment of a fund to pay the expenses of urtisans contesting seats in the Legislative Asserobl) 'lhe sympathy of the Trades hall Council is being enlisted on behalf of the drivers of omni buses in Melbourne, whose long hours of labour have frequently been the theme of discussion bj trade societies It has been proposed that they should torm themselves into a society, even though they should meet on Sunday morning, winch is the onl) time at which they aro all disengagpd Saddlemakingand manufacturing of felt hats are inclined to droop, the society of the latter are about to wait on the Chief ¡secretar) with a view to having the dut) on imported hats -iitsed, because unless such a step is taken the trade will be seriously affected here. A II other trades are busy, and servants and labourers continue to be Bcarce. INTERCOLONIAL. .. NEW SOUTH WALES. A public banquet waa given U) the citizens of-ydne) on the 7th mat, to Colonel Rich- ardson and the oincers of the New South M ulea contingent Among the guests wero the Governor, Admiral Toon, Colonel l.oborts, and several members of the Mimstr) 'Hie toast of " lhe Army, Nuv) and Coloniul 1 orces ' was proposed b) Mr Dalley m a brilliant speech The mujont) of the contingent have been discharged with a bonus of two months' pa) and clothing allowance, and the re mainder added to the Permanent Artillery, the ¡strength of winch has been increased to DOO lu the applications for Oov minent ( niplo) nient pielcrence will be given to mern bers ot the contingent Colonel Richardson has resumed duty aa commandant of the de fence forces, 'lhere are now 51 volunteer corps enrolled throughout the colony The Patriotic I und now amounts to £ 11,8b.!. The revenue ot the colon) for the financial )ear, ending June i0 amounted to £7,410,878, an increase of £.91S,04S as compared with the preceding )car Hie revenue for the quarter ended 10th lune amounted to £2,074,342, on increase ot £230,917 on the corresponding quaiter of Iast)c ir The Government lins resolved to placen loan oi live and half millions on the London money market the date for receiving tendera to be li\ed ni London, the interest being 34 per cent for inscribed atocle with 40 ) ears currency Thcjinmversar) of American Independence was celebiated by a large garden party at Botan), anti the health of the President was proposed by Mr Dalley m an eloquent speech, which has been telegraphed to America A comprehensive public health bill re latlng to the city of S)dne), the suburbs, and country district- is being prepared by the Government A deputation of ladies petitioned the Go vernor to commute the death sentence on the convict Johns The question has been re ferred to the Hiccutive. The site lias bce-i selected for a juvenile re- formatory The H.M.S Chimbora_.o brought 721 Go vernment immigrants T here were 75 casis ot measles on board, and the steamer was quarantined, but waa adimttcdto pratique on the 'lib mat The Presb)terian Church has appointed delegatea to the conference to be held in Melbourne in September, with regard to the proposed federation of the Preabvtenan churches in Australia and Tasmania. borne of the farmers are agitating for pro tective duties on imported agricultural produce. QUEENSLAND The address in reply was adopted by the Queensland Parliament on the 8th, and both Houses adjourned until the 14th inst '1 he Ministry propose to provide additional repre- sentation for certain parts of the colon), and to introduce a measure for the conservation of water Messrs W. II Wilson and F II Holber- ton have been nominated to the Legislative Council 'Hie total revenue of the colon) for the financial )ear endinj 80th June, 1885 amounted to £2,720,05G an increase of £154,29') compared with the preceding )ear, and the expenditure to £2 810,853, the expenditure tor the last quarter being £8U4,120 Customs yielded £937,224 , stamp dut), £10j,50b, land revenue, £328,4-11, pastoral occupation, £208,008, railways, £331,038, postal, £91,000, and telegraphs, £75,000 The tuatoms revenue for the last quarterly period Bhovved an increase ot £11,849 The loan expendituie for the year waa £1,50- 000, and for the last quarter, £13(1,000 The Burplua on 30th June was £267,000 The Government has deposited £100,000 of the new loan, on interest at 4 per cent, with each of the following banks -Rank of New South Wales, Commercial Rank of Australia, Union Rank, Rank ot Australasia, and London Chartered Bank Tho total e.port of wool from the Port of Bribbane tor the half year ending 30th June, amounted to 22 270 bales-873,8491b-of which 1 ovvnaend exported 71,1541b A shipment of 10,000 cases of kerosene having been condemned anti ordered to be re exported, the Government has adopted the closing up test A local branch of the Geographical Society of Australia has been1 established at Bria bane General M'lver ia endeavourin. to orgamae another expedition to New Guinea to search for gold mid acquire land NORTHERN TERRITORY. The cuatoma revenue for the quarter end mg June 30,1885, amounted to £5,355 The imports at Port Darwin for the same period were valued at £30,503, and the exports at £17,902 The first ahipment of 150 ton. ot copper ore has been sent lo Newcastle, and a large out crop is expected, marking a new departure in mining industry. SOUTH AUSTRALIA 1 he revenue returns for the yearendmg 30th June, 1885, Bhow that the gross receipts amounted to £2,157,904, being £271,373 below the Treasurer's estimate. The deficit is accounted for by the non receipt of new taxation, the amount of which will not he ascertamable until Tul) 30, but is estimated to yield £205,000 The puncipal deliciency waa in the Customs revenue, £109,000, but, on the other hand, ruilwa)s and waterworks showed an increase ot £57,000 and £1,000 respectively The Government proposed to meet the de fluency by imposing stamp duties, in creased charges on probates, and a re auction on the grants to local bodies Among the otber measures proposed b) the Government are-modilications in the tanti, with a view to stimulate local manufac tures, the appointment of three cominis Bioners to manage the railwa)s, an extensive scheme of water conservation and irrigation, and simplification of procedure and reduction of fees in the Supreme Court No new railway proposals will be brought torward until the lines under construction have been com Elcted, and only a moderate expenditure will e authorised on ocean steam communica tion The Government baa deposited £525,000 of the last loan with the associated banks for six months, beating interest at 4 per cent 'I he exports of wool for the ) ear ended 30th June umounted to 170 48b bales, valued nt £2,508,000, being £51,000 in excess of the previous )ear The export of breadstuff's for the year was 10,244,330 bushels A private bill has been introduced in Par hament providing for payment of members at the rate of £..00 a )cnr Considerable distress having prevailed among the unempto)ed, pressure has been brought upon the Government to counter mund the arrangements tor the shipment ot 300 nominated immigrants, and to suspend assisted immigration Hie Government waa unable to accede to the former demand, but will introduce a bill to deal with the latter Temporary employment on public worka in the country diatncts buB alleviated the distress South Australia declines to co operate with the other colonies m a joint exhibition of colonial wines at the Colonial and Indian Exhibition '1 he Musgrove Range and Northern Tern tory Pastoral Company have decided to stock their runs Hough, nugget), alluvial gold has been discavered at Watta s Gully Mr K. C Baker goes vid America to England on ocean postal business Hie Governor has been thrown from Ins horse, which shied at a passing train He was only slightly Bhaken TASMANIA The Government intend to introduce a bill dealing comprehensively with the defence of the colony, which will be divided into dis tricts, each of which will have to furnish a hxed quota, and compulsory service or the dut) of providing substitutes will be enforced w here the prescribed number of men ia not enrolled The proposal to establish an intercolonial navy has been declined by the Government, which prefers an increase ot the Imperial navy in these waters the colonies contribuí ing a sum of £50,000 for the purpose, hi o tata WESTERN AUS TRALIA Th" Government is in coirespondence with the various Australian colonies on the aub ject of defensive works at Albany, the coaling place for the bteamcrs in King George's Sound, which would be liable to attack in the event of war Admiral Tr)on reports that the barbour is of grent military and commercial import ance, and m such a defenceless condition as to invite attack He recommends the erection of a batter) armed with heavy guns at Port King, a double line ol torpedoes between Port King and Port Possessiou, and the maintenance of a torpedo boat. lhe cituens of Perth have banqueted Sir Tredenck Broome, who was most enthus lastically received on his return to the colon) from England Two elected members of the Legislature are to be added to the Executive Council Intelligence has been received of the mur- der by the blacks at Swan Point of Mr. Charles Shenton and Captain Ricketson, of the schooner Pearl. The police pursued and shot five of the murderers, and captured several others. NEW ZEALAND In the New Zealand Parliament Sir George Grey moved a motion of want of confidence ni the Ministry, which was negatived on the 1th by a large majority without a division tile motion being i,eneralH re nrde 1 as mop portune lhe majority ot the speakers con detnn d the Government but decline 1 to support the motion Hie Colonial lreisuicr hu» since abmdoned the proposed dut) on coal but the duli \ustriltin vines h is I ecu increased to !s Gd Hie Loeil Government Bill his been mntcri ill) modihed W \v, nrtng lnjlor, formerly a leading merchant in Wellington his been convicted of w holistic misappropriations ot trust tuuds and sentenced to five ) ears' penal sei vitude Genrs meat prcscrvnig works at \\\ellii._ ton hnve been de8tro}ed by lire J he New Zealand Agricultural Compin) is m financial dilhculties, and has aaked 101 an extension of time to pa) off its debentures The company was formed in London in 1871) with a nominal enpital of £1000 000 to acquire lands in the bouth Island, and resell the same to English capitalista. MONETARY AND COMMERCIAL 'J he Ai gus Office, Saturday Evening lheH.3_.SS Indus left on the 30th June for London, na Bomba), with maila, passen gera, and cargo The gold shipments were of the value of £110130 10s 3d. The R.M S S Carthage, with the English mails via Suez, and also the Indian and Cnmese mails, arrived from London on the otu mat The I ondon mails by the Carthage are to date Ma) 29, and were landed in a little over 30 da)S. The K.M S S Iberia, of the Orient line, which left S)dneym Mnrch last with the Sydney contingent for the Soudan, arrived on tlv> 0th inst from London, with mails, pas sen"ers, and cargo lier dates are to the 5th ult.and the mails foi Adelaide were landed in 31 da) s Amongst other freight-«.», had a line of bronze coin for this colony, of the v alue of iSOO 1 or Sydney she has lùO cásea of coin, of the value of ¿25,000 'lheR.MS Liguria sailed for Loudon on the 11th inst. In ad dinon to the very lnrge cargo shipped at S) due), the Liguria took in general cargo here The principal item waa some 5,500 calcases of fro.en mutton from the Victorian 1 ro_en Meat Company's worltB at Newport 1 he shipment is one ¡of the largest and finest v^liich has over been convoed from this port A fair amount of specie was ulao put on buurd The Liguria, as UBual, will proceed wal Adelaide and the Suez Canal to London ¡since thedepartureot the last mail a strong demand has set in for merchandise general!), while sev eral large and important transactions have been carried tlnough at very full pncea A good feeling continues, and we have no insolvencies ot any consequence to report Bulk alea have had a little more attention and as stocks are ver) low sluhtly higher lates have been realised Bottled ales are moving off freely at current rates Bulk and bottledstoutshavehadconsiderableattcntion, nil well known branda being taken up as fast as they come to hand Jute goods remain verydull, although a slightly better inquiry has been noticeable during the last day or two in consequence of telegrams having been received trom Calcutta reporting a slight advance in pncea in that market No large tranaactiona have, however, taken place Candles have received considerable utten tion, and large Bales have been effected in several lcadiug branda at very full prices Building materials have had good business, cements having received the bulk of attention, and good sales are reported at late rates A better demand has been noticeable for coffee, 3everal fair parcels having changed hards at well maintained prices Tinned bah have been dealt in to lair extent and prices remain unaltered Tiuita have bad consider- able attention, and the transactions reported have been on an extensive scale Tor good samples of most descriptions higherrates nave been obtained The breadstuff market since the last mail is considerably firmer, and owing to large speculative purchases, the price of wheat has adv anced up to Is lil for pume samples We understand that a few purchisea have been made for shipment but not to an) great extent Notwithstanding I the advance in wheat the price of Hour has not been materially affected bales are, however making Ireely at Irom £7 15a to £7 17s bd 1 ceding grains have had bul little attention, only a few sales ol oats having been effected for consump tion Hops continue m a stagnant condition, and it is almobt impossible to effect eales, even at the low prices now ruling Stocks are very heavy, so that un less some outletanses for our Burplus Btock, lower rates will have to be accepted Malt ha3 bad good trade sales at current rates Metala have only been inquired after to moderate estent, aales having been contmed to small parcels for immediate requirements. Astrong demand has been experienced for oils, and especially kerosene, and all available stocks on the spot of 150deg test having been taken up at full prices, holders are now looking for higher rates Oilmen s stores have been moving off with considerable freedom and large parcels of différent descriptions have been disposed of at current ratea In salt there has been nothing doing, as the trade have only been buying small parcela for im mediute requirements Sugars during the earl) part ot the fortnight were hardly so firm, and tor one or two lines lower prices w ere ne cepted , latterly however the market has fully recovered itself and prices are about the same aa at the close oí last month Holders, however, still show no disposition to effect sales except at full market values Hie timber aales have been well attended, and passed off very brisMv, prices, however, show no alteration Tobaccocs have bad good attention, and both privately and by public auction good sales have been effected at lull prices Wines have only had good trade 8ales at current rates A good de mand has been experienced for brandies and whiikiea, Bcveral large parcels having changed hands at late rates Rum is slight!) firmer, and good sales are reported 1 be following sales of stations have been reported -Messrs Rutherford and Co (m conjunction with Messrs Denn)s, Lascelles, Austin, and Co ) oflered for sale b) auction on the 9th Hist, at Geelong, on behalf of the trustees ot the late Thomas Hall, the WeenngalEstate, situate near Inverleigh, but biddings not coming up to expectations, the property was pusbed in for private Bale They also submitted at same time and place the Clifton property, consisting ot 1,535 acres, with all improve ments a portion only of which changed hands at £415s per acre Messrs Doughartj, Son, and Parker have sold the first portion of the Kilcunda Estate, comprising 1,470 acres, to Mr Joseph Hoddinott, of Gipps Land, for £11 700 cash Hie clcaiances of gold effected at the port of Melbourne during the past fortnight amounted to 7,218oz. The total exports from the port since the beginning of the )ear have been 05 547o¡_, while for the corresponding period of last )ear they were 119,842oz. According to the Customa returna the im poits at the port of Melbourne during the month of June amounted to £903,020, while . the exporta were £735,Sb0 The imports in eluded gold, £35,051, Hpecie, £10 000 , coal, £31,109 , au-rar, £53 103 , tea, £5,067 , and wool, £2,120 Among the exports were gold, £30,190, specie, £251,900 , wool, £41332, wheat, £12 820, Hour £21,001, tallow, £2 335 , and leather, £28 S82 Exchange -Bank rates are unchanged Tor 00 days bills on London -Buying, 2s Od dm count, Belling, 15a percent premium Hieie is no change in discounts or interest Dis counts are unaltered, and remain as lol low -On three months' bills, 7 pei cent per annum , bevond that currenc), 8 per cent per annum Interest on ov erdrawn accounts & per cent per annum Interest on depos ts stands at 3 4, and 5 per cent for sums lodged for three, six, and 12 months respec tivel) I be latest dates received are as follow - Prom London June 5 New York, MID 30, Calcutta, June 9, Mauritius, May 21, Hong Ivong, June 9 loochovv, June 5, Manilla, May 20, Batavia, May 20 IUBLIO C05H VMt. The annual general meeting of the mein bera of the Colonial Mutual Life Assurance Society Limited was held on the 29th ult Hie Rev II Plow Kane the chairman ot the board oi directors presidid In moving the adoption of the report, the chanman con gratulatcd the members upon the gi ind re suits of the 11) ears busineaa of the aociet) lhe assuiarce fund, as it is termed, beinj, the net actual resources of the institution at the date ol the account was in excess ot £471,000 lhe actual funds of the societ) had passed the sum of half a million atcrlmic Uley bad no leas than £21b ibb on mortgages of landed and bouae property and their other loans were still secured. Hie securities had all been cireiully reviewed during the )ear and all ascertained to be ni order During the 11 years of the societ) a existence m which a large amount had been loaned out and repaid a"am and again, not one penn) ot loas had been sustained The rcpoit was adopted A new gns compan) has been formed for the Brighton anti Moorabbin distncta this being the aecond undertaking ot the kind lately promoted in the metropoha Alo and Stout-ror bulk ales thoro Is a falrlnquil l at lato rate» Younrrcrs li inovlnu oil at £0 tor Aitken a parcela to arrii o aro booked at ¿0 10s Dis. a nnd M I wan a are s.oln_t off In trado parcels at tip to £7 Cooper mid M Lood a and the Carllslo Com uany « brands haw a fair demand at up to eo 10a For bottled aloa thero continuos a moderato domnnd at current rates Quotations rrenerally romain un altered. Foster's Is placed at 11« Tbo bulldog brand is quitted at 10u. 9d Head s dog's head Is I ioing off at up to 10& IK1, and Tennants 10«. j 1 ¿.wan s U L'oli g off at IPs Aitken s continues in good demand at 10s. \ oungcr a is quoted at 9-* I cooper and M Lcod 8 in fair demand at 8s 9d an) I Mehi» s S HI Bot tit- i htout-i arc i» ROO i request at L irrt nt rite* ai d g) iii ii la fh d a lea h ii ml er on annal ic well mai u II L 1 priées i ules IS sellim? at 10& 3d JJoai i lien i 103 Ldiuouds pig brand 10s (Jd lotera ( uiuncaas is well noticed at 10s. Tennent d ti (utttcd at Ss 8d Tor Û prion s daeffcr lunnd 10s is pitH llloo 1 W oolfc is goin" off ati)s. lid , while wheel I land lev l_.es 103. Bugs and bagging continue nther dull of demand Reports from tuo manufacturing' centres (Calcutti ¿.o.) «how n, vor> depressed tttAte of thl.11,3 ard u 1 % t,o tho cloim» of homo of the in IN \\\ chavo io tran«act otra 0! 111 uortanco bo) omi the usual tri lo bales for cornsacks ft medium intuir) is re I orcod at late rates Woolpacks aro rocciv ng a httlo more attontion at lato rates and tra Io sales are IC j ortod of lil?lb at Is. Wd ind lilli) at Is 1CKÎ in bond 1 or brun najra 11ère is a (air trade demand at up to 4s »id auii!i3ba"s are moving oil quietly at Up to us Candles -These aro mot hip off \eiyfreel}at full I rioe3 \raont,-.t other eales wc notice the quittance m COO bo\ea in a Hue it Old iud close up, Qou las arorcadllv plaocd atS^kl per lb duty pall Quota- tions goncrallj aro unaltered li It, O 8 an I D IL T s aro moviu" off freely at up to f)_d duty paid Stocks in bond on tho 4th July * ero (W chests and crises au 13 144 boxes A good demand continues for colo- nial made, trade salce of whioh arL making at manufnotnrcrs prices. For Apollo Od Is obtalne 1 tor the Comet brand there is a good Inquiry at up to Sd Kitchens petrollno oro in fair request at Hld to Od , while for Star Sd is quoted Chemicals continue in moderato request at current rate- lsojond the oidimtij trade sales wo ha\e nothing of impórtanos to refer to. Seventy percent caustic soda Is in fair tcquestat from ¿Llt> to £15 lCs. whilo for carbonato of soda ¿11 los. is ob tained baltpotro is well Inquired for and trade sales aro reported at up to íiüs Silicato of soda is iu moderato request at up to ¿10 Bicarbonato of soda is moving off at £10 10s Tartaria acid is quitted at Is U]d Cream of tartar is in moderato demand at Is 4¿d Flowers of sulphur are quoted at £14 Prepared opium ia worth from 22s Od to 25s according to quantity and description Chicory is lu fair re juest at late rates. Trade sales of tinned aro reported at Sd Other packages aro worth 4Jd Confectionery -For this there continues a fair In qulrr at full prices Mctorlin tnado dry ¡s moví ig off in trado parcels nt up to "t\ Candied peol ia well noticed at up to OJd Jujubes aro quoted at Is. . Cordages aro lu good allround demand at well maintained rUos. Hoports from tho manufacturera point to a lair trado demand at unaltere-d rato* t¿uo tatíons generally remain unohau,cd Icstdescnp tlons of Manilla hemp \ letorlan made rope are dis poaed of nt up to £07, whUo for ¿In to ¡hi £75 is paid Quotations for flat ropes remain unchanged, and from £&2 to £00 is paid according to dimensions L 01 Now ¿caland flax tope 43s is te pured, w hue quo Uttons for co rd ago size» remain at 60s lia) lash in^s-aro In moderato demand at 40s and seaming tu Ino ia worth from Is to Is. Id lor shop twine thero continues a fair inqulrv, and trado bales aro re ported at from Od to Is Cement is well noticed for trade purposes at cur rentrâtes For Knight Covan and Co s thero Is a fair demand, and trade sates aro mai big at up to 15s Sd Ciostling s continues lu fall request nt up to 14s (J I Other descriptions find purchasers at current rates Quotations aro unchanged at 11s for inferior up to 15s Jd foi best descriptions American plaster is vv eil noticed at up to 11s yd tor whiting £-1 is re- quired CoíTuo has been in moderato demand for trado pur lO-HM at well maintained rates Ceylon Plantation Nos 1 and 2 commands attention at up to Sd , fair trado parcels have cb uni. ed hands at tliis figure For Java llantatlon thcio continues a fair luquir) at up to 7jd .Most other sorts realise 7_d tish has boen notieod to a modeiato o\tcnt at full prices Good ling is placed at 4_d Ircah herrings aro in demand at from Us. to (Is Sd Kippered herrings aro moving oil quietly at 10s (k1 lied herrings continuo in request up to 23s for barrels and 14s for kits. Moir» aro bool ed to arms at a full ilk uro Scotch herrings aro in request at JOs fruido» haddocks realise lui. balmon is in brisk demand at cut rent rates Amongst other sales we notice tho quittance of a Uno of tinned at 7s. Jd A good demand continues for both halves and quartern sardines and good trado sales aro reported at full rates Hah o¿ are hi demand at up to 8s (k1 » and (| nar ter« up to 5s Wo aro advised of tho quittance of a parcel of 1 ^5 cases tho latter at 4s. 10¿d Sales of codfish aro reported at Sid Lobsters are moving oil at up to lus Od a line of 100 cases chanacd hands at 10s Od Oysters aro soiling at 6s Cd Hour and Grain-The advance hi wheat of 2d to 2jd a bushol which wo recorded a week ago has been succeeded by another adv anco of Id a bUbhcl This grain therefore., which is now firm at 4s. ljd , has Ilsen from 3d to Sid a bushel lu the last fort night. Thohcav¿ rains in the country districts have rendered a Ian,o number of the roads impassablo, and tho del Ivories from farmers cannot fail to be on avet> reduced scale for somo timo to como And though tho last dell ni to offer from J ondon is under stood to b13 only .¡7a (Id for Julj loading, tho present surroundings and the futuro of tlio Loudon market aro considered to be so favourable that there is a strong deunnd for shipment at prices which though certain h loas than the present demands of most local holders show a considerable ad\anco com parel with those mihi,* n few weeks ago Just I now therefore, holders aro oxtremely firm, and spuoulators for a rise aro \ery confident Regatdlng ourlocal btocks tho following table shows their cat! mated position - Hour und »beat rccoivod nt Melbourne, blind rid-re, \\\ llliamstowii, and Geelong, to June 27, equal to Received during «ook ending July 8 Wheat U,û-_î ba0a, Hour, 0,011 ba^i equal to Total recolpts to Jui) 4 Consumption, 20 ne oka Wcoka consumption 8,500 bags Shipments to Juno 27 Mceksshipiuonts-wheat, 1,500 bags, Hour, 0 (l18 batí« Bush t)ht U_t9,2r0 aoisfi 2,671,aUo 4,618,107 5S.033 Leaving bilanoo in stock 3 004 772 While tho weeks an Unis of breadstuff-, lia.ebccj, equal to 5S OdJ bushols, our consumption and ex ports hav e altogether equalled 80 743 bushels leaving our estimated stock at 1,004,772 bushels, or 27,810 bushels less than that of a week ago Tho sales effected duri nie the nook have boen \crj c\ tensive, comprising 4J.000 bags lu all On Saturday, 4s Id was paid forsoveral largo lines, aggregating ucarl) 0,000bigs, which were bought b) Melboutno millers and speculators. >oi another lot of 1 000 bags of primo wheat, however, the best price obtainable was 4s Ojd , at which It was sold Ab the samo time, wheat KOS very dilllcult to buy and tho market closed firm at 4s Id , with few soliera ut leba than 4s lid In addition to our usual local demands and thoso for the United Ki II j. dom thora was au Inquiry experienced for wheat on the part of Now bouth tt ales and 1 osman Ia. On Monda), no transactions wcro reported, but on Tuesday tho transactions in wheat WLio ou a much uioie ox.tet.ulvo scale than thoso for a long timo past nearly 10,000 bags having changed hands. Tho sales Included a Uno of 14,000 bags of wheat at Geelong at cqud to 4s lid , delivered in Mel bourne, tho purchaso having been effected on milling account Other sales reportai wcio those of several parcels aggrcnatiiv In all 1 SOO bags at 4s Id , tho market closing with bu>crsat4s Id , and low sellers at 4s. ljd Un Wednesday tho situation was practical!) u ti elm IU, ed, stocks being held with great ton at i t>, thou_,h a fair amount of business con tin u ed to bo done at 4s. Id to 4b l£d At auction and privately some 4 200 bags of wheat wero sold In addition to transactions regarding whtuh particulars were vi ithhcld rho sales at auction compribod tho,o of 4_> bat,s at 4« l.d.l.S'Jl bags at .a Id, 183 bags at 4s. ojd , 40 bags at 4s , and 00 bags at 3s 11.d Privately, a number of parcels, aggregating about 2,000 bags wero sold at 4» Id, and wo also heard of lots, the quautitv of which was, however, not disclosed having changed hands ab 4s ljd On Thursday bomo 5¿J bjgs wera sold by auction at Is Vjd , while 100 bags of oit wheat nore disposed of at 3s. lid to 4s A strong inquiry for Bhlumcnt pre .ailed at a shade under the rates quoted bv holders. Privately a Uno of 8,000 bags has been sold at 4s l&d; nee cash, ox station, to a tow n miller On 1 rida) tho market continued to bo Arm at 4s ljd , at which price 4,400 bags wero sold Isotivithbtauding tho scarclt) of wheat there has been a good deal of flour offering Tho sates reported during the week com prise 1 145 tons in all Of these loo tons of patent roller Hour w ero bold at ¿0, and 200 tons ol ordinary town (lour at jLS 10s. Of country flour 180 tons have bconsoldab£S,100tonsat£717s Cd ,amIMk>tonsat£7 15s In feeding grains oats have been vor) linn The weeks sales includo 11 100 bags in all 100 bags ex coptiouall) primo heav> milling havo been sold nt ¿9 Id , 300 bags at 3s -Jd , 200 bags at J. l_d , 3,100 bags at 3s. Id , 1 000 bogs at 3s Oki , 2 050 bags at 3s , 750 bags at 2s. 11.d , 1,,-JnO bags at 2s lid . 000 bags at 2s 10}d , and ISO bags at ¿s fed to 2s lOd Barley has been ver) quiet during the week the sales re Eorted only cov ering about 1 000 barrs The principal uslmsadono wau at auction on wedncsda), when 1170 ba"s wera sold at from 4s to 4s (k1 for medium to prime malting, the sales being ¿00 bigs at 4s Od , 200 bags at 4s 4d , 70 bnfc* at 4s *.d , 40 bags at 4s Id , 00 bags at 4s., 33 baj,s at Js. lOd , 21 bags at Js Od , 54 bags at Ss Ted , 11 bus at 3s 3d 07 bags at 3s Id , U5 bri!,s at 8s 0_d , 12- bags at 8s , 105 bags nt 2s Hid , 7 bags at -9 lid , and 7 bags at 2a 4d Other sales lopotted have been tho 0 of 350 bags at 4s ¡ia., 200 ba&,s at 3s 0d , 100 bags at 3s. Od , 50 bags nt ds Jd , and 100 bags at 1* Id Maize has ovhl hi ted some fluctuations during tho week, having fallen at one time from 3s. Hid to Js. 0£d , and sinco risen to 8s lOJd The vi eck s sales cover 2,050 ba"3 nt3s ll_d for 100 bags at 3a. lid for 5J0 bags, 8s lOJd for 700 bags, Ss lOd for 350 ba^s and Js 0_(l for350 bags Pea» aUo foil during tho week, but showed soma slight improvement towards tho close, when 3,000 ba^s wero taken ofF the market at a full pnee Other sales vvtre however, tho«e of 100 basrs at Ja. 7jd , 750 bags at 8s 7d , and 150 bags at ¿>s Üjd in bran 8 000 bushels have been sold at 12d , which Is now tho ruling prico for stouo dressed Pollard Is quiet at 12d t rults-A strong demand exists for most descrlp tlons of good quality at full prices nirrants aro in i»ood demand at 4Jd , and lar_,e sales aro reported at this figure Good eampk s of raisins are rcadil; placed at full rate* 1 or sultanas there is a brisk de maud at 6\d Llemes aiu j,omg olE at Od , some _ 000 boxes having changed hands at this figure Jordan almonds of _,ood qu ihty aro in demand at from 1^ lid to i.J 1 ot llgs late rates are accepted Urazil nuts realise 7Ad Gunpowder la in fair request principal!) for trade purpo.es at full pries. K aunts H ind Curtis mil ilarvoj 3 are in good trade denian i at curront rates bales of each aro reporte I at up to fad 1 or most other soits the same fl0me is required Hops continuo verv dull of sale, and he) ond the quittance of a few bales of uood colonial _»roun at late rates w e hav e nothing of importance tu refer to stocks lio still hean Advices rcceiitlv received from London arc of amore encouraging natuie and advise an increased 111 mm foi Austiillan liol lers here however still find a iHlllcult) hi phclti" their lines at Mthfutor) rites Common to medium boinplcs aru quitted ut up to 7*1 (Quotations do not show much alteration and raille up to lid Tis manían ha.c not received much notice We hoard, however of the disposal of a small parcel at Is 111 bond Kents are in hdr demand at unaltcre 1 rates Stocks are still ÜL,ht Pavariana are also scarce at up to Is 9d Malt Is sclhncr fred) in bride lots at full price; Anio i"«t other talcs w 0 notice the disi o^-al of 20 tanks at lui Od Coo 1 1 njiah hample* are in "ood request at from 10s Jl to 10& Od Colonial made is well In quired foi nt late 1 itcs The quittance of small lotsis reported at up to os Rfetala are iu good request for Inde requirements at well maintained figure* Galvanised iron continues ¡ti tood request at current puces t or Wael w all s brand ¿lu I0s is obtained while the PhmuK realises i.17 loa The Oobpel Oak galvanised C iron is in demand at a full price Quotations lomani un chnn/ud and ron,e from £15 to 4.10 for 2ügan¡o, according to quantlt) and description Pig Iron Is in fair demand at tip to ¿.4 hales of bar and rod iron are report, d at from £8 25 Od to £3 lus Sheet Iron is worth Ä.11 lüg foi ho* 8 to l8, whllo hoop iron is quitted at from ¿0 10s to £10 ten dug wire continues in ^ood request, and fair sales are reported at full prices Hylands No 8 la la demand at late quotations. WbttecroM l8 in good request at £10 178 Cd Quota tiona range from £10 10a to £lt, according to brand and number Shot Is mobing off quietly at £28. In ehect lead up to £18 is required v> hito Jead is worth £28. Tin plates aro moving off with fleedom I O coko plates are unchanged at ISs. Mm t/metal is Belling at from 7Jd to Sd Ewbank 3 u us MO quoted at list prices trench nails aro in lah domaiid at 18s American nails aro selling at 213 Hcav> axes Collins s and Sharpe s, aro quitted at 00s Ames a shovels aro selling at 50s, Days 1)H male Min to Juin quoted at 40$ lor other tua! cr* of mine dimensions quotations iunupto30s_ Hollow ii e m tu "ood re paît at J5 per cent off list. Oil * havo Ken in fair request at current rates, hero ene hos been in brisk demand at up to ll_d. bales reported cov cr sonic Ja 500 cases of well known brand* buch as Crv stat and Lveiilng Star, of lÖOdeg t* t at verj satisfactory prices Xho Aurora and Diamond brands of 1 WeR are moving off ircel) at agent« quotations Hollier* am confident of hij_.hcr )friLc3 being ol tamed in the immediate future, and aro consequently verj firm btocks in bond on the4th Juli wcru JJ OsO ca es Castor oil Is moving oil quietly at 2a 4jd libt week a Uno of 100 cases chanecd hands at _s (ki fob foi export. Boiled and raw iiiifaeed oil are well inquirid aiter at current rates Tunion tine if. quitted at 2s id Cod liver oil is moving off at 3s 0d Oilmen « stoics have had a fair amount of attention at vv oil maintained rates Black currant jollies aro in fair request at up to 14s Ul lib jams red cross brand aro in moderato icqucst and eales are re- ported at Ds SI Colrnt.« marmalade Is In good demand at up to Ss Salad oil in quart« is quitted at up to 28s I ast vv ock 100 cabes Croas e and Black vv eil a changed hands nt -0-> 1 iuts are quoted at 14s Uah cs hav o ^ood attention at from 5s 0d to 7a Od Morton s pints aro moving off at 10a *îd , while half pints are worth to 5s 0d Castor oil is well inquired after at 7s 0d for pints, and 4^ (k1 to 4s Uti for half pints ¡sauces roahse from 5s Od to 10b Od according to brand Swiss milk in c,ood demand at full priées Tho quittanco of BO me [00 cases is reported at Os 10*d Capers aro in fair trado demand at from 0Ü Od to 7s lin ant and Maj s veUas are going off at 4, Wood vestas oro hi ^ood request at 5s I aimer s are quoted at is 4Jd , U Bolla realise 4s ljd Coln ans mustard in kood request at Sid per lb for7lb tins lib tins bring 10s. 0d , and jib tins sell at Us D b {- , in jib and lib tins, realised up to Os. l_d and lbs id respectively Mc tonan prepared mustard in huull tins is moving off at 10s ÜJ per dozen in bo\es and Is 2d to Is 4d per lb lu 41b to 71b tins Genuino DSI in tins realises 15s per dozen in boxes, while lOd and up to Is. per lb in largo tins is obtained A ictoriau cocoa in good trado demand at Od and lOd to Is Jd and up to Is )d , according to qualltv ]n imported kinds laj lor lirothero ia going off frccU at Is Sd Fr} s cocoa is selling well at la ti f while bolublo ohocolato realises la -d Victorian chocolate is worth Is Id to Is Jd Columns white and blue starch continues in good trado demand at 5]d About 100 cases changed hands at 5|d and rid Orlando JotiLss is in c,ood demand at 5¿d Hermanns rico starch Is iu demand at C_kl Thumb bluo is quitted at ll_d Sago and tapioca arc belling at from ljd to Sid tor macaroni and vermicelli a fair inquiry ia reported at Oíd Black popper fs quitted at from Oki to 7d , and white pepper at from lid to 11 jd Vinegar is quoted at late quotations Gelatine is iu demand at 4s Sd Provisions -Tho following H the auctioneer s re* port -" Cheese - \\\ o aro recciv ing a good supply of our regular w eatern dairies, and for all primo qualities a rcadv market exists at Od to did , medium qualities are selling at 5d to 6jd , and aro also in fair request, inferior classes only go at lower rates PoJ-ted Butter -Tho quantity coming to hand is ver> insignificant, and sumclont cannot be .ot to supply orders Primo qualities are in brisk demand at Is to Is ¡k1 , medium sold at Od to lid inferior and pastrv sorts from Od upwards according to qualltj We can placo a big lino cf primo at ubov e quotations Trcsh Butter-We had a moderatosupul>, but not suit) dent for requirements lhe sale was characterised by extremo briskness from start to finibh, our best dairies bringing is Od to Is 8¿d , with a few bp o c1 a. lines higher, Mr J Muntz topping tho market at Is 0Jd collectors lines of fcood even quality, and packed on trays sold from Is 5d to Is 7_d , a few medium and inferior at Is to Is 4d Beeswax lu limited demand at Jíd all colours Quicksilver continues in mod o rato request at lato rates Tho quittanco of a small line for trade pur poses Is reported at ¿s Quotations generally remain unaltered, and range from 2s to Us ¿d Iiico has received a little mora attention at full prices Bojond tho ordinary trade sales wo havo nothing of importance toicferto Japan drew? 1 I« going otf quietly at up to ¿L18 In bond Melbourne dressed Japan Ia still noticed at about the same figure lor Bocdhi llajah A.27, duty paid, is re quired Salt is in good request at current rates Tor tho black horse brand there continues a good inquirí at up to £4 5s. Trado sales of Liverpool nae are reported at £1 6s Coarse salts remain unaltered at £J 15s tor rock salt there is a better demand at up to £3103. Sugar-During the past fortnight onl> a small demand has been experienced for tills staple princi- pally to satisfy immediate requirement, at well malu tallied prices Tho arti vals have been on a very limited Beato, and stocks are still rather light B.ivers' ideas still differ from holders, who prefer rather to storo their cargoes than make an} con ces sion to merchants, who, on tho other hand are j cry cautious, and will not pay tho hl^h rates demanded Last week tho Victoria Sugar Company advised ha\ ing made a coucet.slou ot £1 on their No 1 sugar, and now report a ¿,ood all round demand for their \o 1 at £20 ho 2 at ¿-24. and No J at £20 per ton, duty paid, whilo tho actual transactions for the present week are as follows -On lucsda), privately, some 200 cases of tablet sugar at up to £3110« at auction, however, some 1700 paokages of various descriptions wore cleared oil at up to £25 10s On \\\ udncsda_v at auction, out of the entire cargo OK Lavinia, and the balance of tho car^o ox Kockhamp ton, some 4,100 bags and pockets were clcarod off at from £23 5s to £24 5s. At tho samo timo tome 4,000 paokages of Queensland descriptions wore disposed of at from £12 to A.14 for rations up to£2J for whites, willie prhatcly we only heard of the quittanco of 100 case« of tablet sugar at up to £J0 and 600 bags of Queensland off whites at £23 On Thursday no bales oí any consequence vv era reported lo-daj, how evor, BO ino 4,000 bags of whito were sold nt £25 10s , while au offer for 100 tons of MfiuntiuB whites was refused Tea.-Important sales ha\o taken placo during tht past week in this commodity, and larj,o hues have changed hands. On Monda} 400 half chests Hankow congou, 150 half chests tout how do , and 111) qiinrUr chests Kaieow buds were catalogued of tho new lbS5 80 crop The bidding for tho black leaf teas was not up to reserves, and tne\ were passed in for higher rates The Kaisovv buds wera quitted at Is id , after brisk competition On Thursday 1 1J2 half cheats of Northern teas and 2 150 quarter chest« S O rakoa, and 200 quarter chcfcta Caper were submitted, tho former quitting at horn 10M to Is Old , but compo tition was not vcrv spirited Tho seen tod teas were readily aold ot from lU^d to lid , tho bidding being brisk , lid was obtained for tho scouted Capers if o further sales aro expected in the non season's teas until further arrivals of the now Foochow congous and fancy teas Tho Lctioral quotations hero aro -Low leafy congou, 7/jd to bid , common to lair. 7¿d to ¿>d, fair to ordinan, OjhJ to lOAd , ordinary to medium, 10¿d to Is medium to fine, l8 2d to Is Jd fino to finest, is 3jd to is 7d , choice, Is fed to is lid , Indian souchong, lOd to lid , pekoe souchong, lid to Is ul , pekoe, Is Timber -rho tlmbor sales early In Uio weeli «ore fully attended and tlio olfûiiugg consisting of tlio carcocs of shelving, c\ Blairgowrie, red and wlilto deals o\ \ crifas, kauri pint c\ Malae, , clear pine, ex -label Tayloi, hardwood, CN. Victoria « ero all uleared, with tho exception of tho red deals, ox Veritas, ot lato prices, ana an ad .anio ..as icallscd for tho cargo of kauri The following aro tho actual eales - Messrs G. S lloss and Co report having sold this daj, at the Baltic lards, Australian wharf, for account of Messrs. Wiluhlu and liurloy, ex lllair.on rio -K M S , 183,404ft 0x3 «hito T ando lloonnir, at 0s 3d to 9s Id por 100ft lincnl, 301,040ft 0 x j do T and Q boaded lining:, 3s Od do , 45,020ft. 0 x 8 do , 4s lOd do , 156 000ft, 4 out do , weatherboards, 0s do , 32 844ft 0 x 14 red T and Q lloonnir, 10s. 0d do , .15,000.t. 4 out do, n eatberboards 0a. do 1 or account of Messrs Coudie Caldor, and Co , ox Malay-27,235ft 0 x 1T and O kauri flooring, 10s to 8s Od per 100ft lineal, 5,001ft do , shorts, 7s do , 10,704ft. 0 \ } do , 0_, Od do , 4 000ft do , shorts, 8s. Dd do , 23 7.0ft 4 x 1J do , 10s do . 12,459ft do , shorts, 7s 01 do , 280,000ft 4 x 1J do, 9s Od to 9» Jd do , 45 OJOft do , shorts Ss to 7s 0d do , 41,8S.ft 4 x1 do , 6s »d. do , l),77Uft do, shorts, -ii do , 5,314ft 121n dressed kauri sholv bur, 18s per ft. Bupei fuco, 0 081 It Din kauri -kirtiug, 10s do , 11,834ft 12 x 1 to 24 x 1 sawn kauri boards, 22s pet 100ft. super 0 514ft. 0x2 and 8 202ft 12 x 2 do, Us Od do l,040(t 0 x _ to 12 x 4 sawn kauri planking, 18s Od do, 29,103ft. 12 x 6 to 20 x 12 sanu kauri Hitches, 18s do 1,220 6ft drcsed kauri pickets, 20s per 100, 6,_I01 4Jft do , Us Od do , 1,780 4ft do , 21s do , 2,03- JJft. and 8ft do, 12s do i-x Mabellajlor-RWOovorT,47,202ft loin T and O ceiling; £0 por 1,000ft eupor, 22,0O0It liln and S9,_02lt Sin Michigan clear pine, ¿10 10s do , »WO and Co In diamond, 5,000ft Uhr nnd 5 000ft 21n do, £1U 10s. do. lor other accounts-5 517ft 3iu and 2,040ft -lin ba__uaod,£14 12s Od per 1 000ft super , 8,000 5ft, 6 000 4ft, and 10,000 4_ft Oregon pickets, ¡fe8 pur 1,000, O+O, 20,0OO(t 6 x i red T and O headed lining, 4s lid per lOOIt lineal, 52,OO0It 51 x J do, 6s Od do , 27,000ft 0 x J do I and O flooring, 0s do , 17,040ft OxJwhltoT and D flooring and Hnlnir and Ox fj do T and O beaded lining, short-, 4s. Od do Ex Southern Cross-22,805ft J \ ltoOxfl Tasmanian hardwood, 0s Od per 100ft super , 40 pairs lOIt cart shafts 4s 9d per pair, 60 do 8ft, 2s. do hx Victoria-707 pieces 8 .1 Tasmanian hardwood 8a Ud. per 100ft super 4,402 nieces S x 2 do , 10s do , 229 pleoes do , snorts, 8s 3d do , 2_,J90 pieces 4 x 2 do, 10s do , 109 pieces do , shorts 8s 3d_,do , 759 pieces 6 x 2 do, 10s 3d do , 63 pieces do , shorts, _s 3d do , 007 pieces 6 - 2 do , los 3d do , 2J pieces do . shorts 7s Od do , 67 pieces 7 x 2, 30 pieces 8x2, and 174 piceos 0 x 2 do , 10s do , 703 pieces 4 x - do , 10s. io , 30 pieces do , shorts 7s. Cd do , 205 pieces 6x3 do, 10s do , 40 pieces do , shorts 7s do , 883 pieces U x 3 do , 10s. Od do , IO plecos do , shorts 7s. do , 20 pieces 7 x 3,11 pieces 8.3, 247 pieces 0 x 3 do , 10s. do 241 pieces 4x1 do, 10s 3d do , 57 pieces do , Bhorts, 7s do , 27 pieces 5x4 do , 10s 3d do ; 402 pieces 0 x 4 do , 10s. 3d do , 07 plecos do , shorts, 7s lid do , 70 pieces 8 x 4 to IS x 5 do , 10a do , 280 plcces Oxfl and 37 pieces 8 x fl do , 10s Od do , 11050 C(t palinss 12s 8d do Hie lato W-tweathor has rather lo__encd the demand for consumption, but tho dell, orles 'rom store j aida still continue stead} Tobaccocs ha. o received a fair amount of attcu* tion but tho transactions reported have been prln -.pall., confined to small parcela for imnicdiato trado lupiinnicnt- Common quality llatwork is in fair icqticst atup tola d , while medium togoodquality realiacs from la -d to la 6d , and best descriptions from 1. yd to Is 7_d Navy tobacco, llltr.li Admiral Is in good demand at Is 4d , twists realise fiom Is Jd to Is Od , aromatic» and navies aro lu t,ood request from Is to 2s (id , Two Sets ia v> til noticed at 1<* 4d , Queen of tho Seas Is placed at Is 4d For Hal cn 20 s Is 4d is obtained whllu for 12 s Is JJd ia obtained For Manilla cheroots a butter demand is reported quotations remain un altered at from D.s to 00a ¡Nuevo Ha.anos aro quoted at from 70s to 75s Cortados arc moving ort at 07s Cd to 70s bulbs cigars aro worth from _H8 to Jus for Ormond s Tavcrnoy s aro placed at .)__. Gd German oluars arc worth from Ms to 00s Hamburg aro _,olng off at ¿10 lor Uni annan a fair inquiry Is reported at froin £12 and up- wards \\\ Ines and Spirits - Durlni, the post fortnight tho demand for moat descriptions Ima been (,ood at w eil maintained rates lted -pamah wines havo bad notice at ¿19 w hilo uuod samples . ero placed at _e50 and best brands at up to ¿100 per pipe in bond l'or {.herries there Is a little better demand at up to ¿20 per butt for common .¡uah.} whllu tho disposal of a lew butts ol 1.001 samples aro reported at up to £-0 Port wines in fair request soma -0 quarters haiing been placed at £.5 per butt In bond champagnes are moving off quiotlj In »mall parcel» at prices raiding (rom 40s to HOB. The aj,ents of Xheo Jtocdour ana Mott and -bandon report fair transactions at well maintained rates Spirit, are In fcood request at unaltered rates In geneva JUK-5 of 15 and 0 bottles Is going off freely at lip to 14a 9d w li w MeoiMSko) bmnd commanda »lioiit las. (.u.sonie w caaca of the former and 400 casca of tho latter DU. dlsooBod of »t tlic.o rates Burnett s old tom ia » eil SStoï » ull price and sales reported cover _K,«M at Ils .Uilsltlcs contiuue in cood demandI atTurrent »tea In KlrUr Greer and Co ?ornei 00 quartar casks changed hands at iate rates Wo also notlco fair sales of J Mut an 1 bons Gor don Smith« Glenlivet and Long John brands to the extent of 45,40, and 86 quarter oaska respective!!, nt «tWaotory prista. In brandies a lug- boll« ilesa has luoii doing Hennessy s ono «tar I in good domand i\t J"» tlio quittai« o ot about J50 oases is reported nt this in ICL bali« of their turco star aro rc|K>rtcil as cav crinf, soino 400 cases at 4bs. T Rosno) s palo is t,olng oil at up to f 9 about 10 quarter casks placed at this «(.uro Tho quittanco ot SO hh Is and 00 quarters O and T Bicat bruni; Is reportod at 7s 01 1 um Is tinner on account of advices recoil ed from London nd\ Isln. tho riso of 9d nor trallon in tin home nnrl et «hieb is nttri huted to tho failuro of Denurarv sutiar oroj s. lLWP In tool re mest at s-c Jjd fair sales are ulakine, at tins figure Good Ira lo sales of Lemon Harts mu tua! in" it 3s ljd CJuoUulcns gcncrallv remain unaltered and aro -Bran 1) -Henne sj s lb~6 none, lb"b ]".< ixl Martclls is soiling at lrs ul dark is worth 12s Od Otards 1875 vor) teano at 1rs., an 1 IS"" Is worth Iii (k1 -lamnsson s is rolling at from 8s Od to 1-s ¿ii , accordinc. to vintage. Marett s slow oí sato at 0s. Denis Mounios is worth 0s Lhampac.no A luoj ards "a Jules Robin s lb"8, bs. dirk bs (k1 , lbllä vintage 1 s Od .Renault d nono, Tri-oclio 8s., Bl«qult Dubouche mil Co 7s Jd La Grand Martillo 7s 01 linctUistillon Is north (li DoHson freres is quoted at fs TI Moultons has sales at "s. 01 \mci;rowera brings Ps od Lucien Bellet s is worth from (Is. to 7s. (K1 Associitcd Mne > ards has sales at 7s for old bs. Is re piln d Albert s "s., Dular) a "s , Central Mnej-erls lu 1 raider's, (s , Richard and Mullm s fs lil , G esparcís 6s. 3d Hcuncss) s case is selling at up to 17s thrco star -^ Martell s In (food demand at JJS 01 for ono atar -Os. Od for thrco star Otard s quoted at Sis Doms Mounlos, 31s Mcukow " _M Ckl Marett s, ¡0s. Renault a none Lucien Bollol s 17s and three star 22s, Richard and Mullers selllnc, nt 10c (id other brands aro in plentiful mil I«) "t trom 17s to 24s Kum -Quotations do not show any ohango and rulo ns follow -I onion Hart up to 3s lJd It. M P, Ss -ltd , Demorara old, SB Lamb's is quoted at up to -s. o_d (¡uccnsland Is quitted in small lines at up to 2s 31 Geneva con tinuos in (food demand Puces aro-ror ID1./ lj and 20 bottles sealed and labelled 1 is Od to 14s. Jd lllaut cnhclm and Polens Key c,ouo%a quitted at from Us to Ids Od, various descriptions, Vandcnberg bell hrnnd selling from 12s. fld to 13s bd Meeds s koy brand steady at 13s. Whiskies continuo in pood domand for pood brands Thom and Camerons scarca at 3-c 7_d for now, for old 4s 01 is obtained, John Rosss, 3s. Od \ aloca for whiskies gcnorally rango from 3s. (ki to 4s Od, nnd 6s. Od to Ss. Bd Dum ¡Hu s north 4s. Od William lamiasons is quitted freely nt 6s. Od Kirkcr, Greer, and Lo s Loch Dhu brand Belling at 10s. for caso, and 22s for Imperial quarts Shamrock nnd Vint B in good domand the former at 4s. Od , aud tho latter at Ds lor Mnts caso 17s is roquirod, imperial quarts moving at 21s. Younç, hing, and Co s bulk is soiling at 6s., while for their Brian Boro, in coso 17s is obtained Lnooro brand in fair demand bulk brings Us Od , w hilo caso is worth ISs Standard is selling I reel) at up to 7s. Planet brand, old vatted is selling at 0s Gd Ford a Castlo Blend has bu) ors at 0s. for new and 0s Od (orold. Walkers bulk In demand at bs to 8s. od , «hilo caso brings up to 18s Od Usher's old Glenlivet brings 7s Od , and spocial quail.), in small parcels 10s. (k1 Innes and Grlc\ o s quitted nt 7s, their vor) old Unm Nar motos freely at 12s Dum Ulo s caso in brisk domand at up to 18s Od lloyal Blend, IDs. Od Lomo quoted at 18s Od , according to contents. St Mungo bulk brings 8s Od , eaio fetches 10s. Od Thistlo Blond brinj-B 10s Mitchell s has a constant demand at from 22s. to ¿4B Hull whisk) is moi Ing In small lots at SSs. Od Sir Itohcrt Burnett s old tom, 11s. Steck and Station Produce-Our usual wool re- port will be found in another column Messrs. M 1) tojnnot Bros roport as follows -" Shoopskins. A largo supply continuos coining forward, and wo lime sucoccdcd in clearing ovory Uno satis iactorlly at quotations vi_. -Butchers* green skins, is to 4s. Od each lambs Is. Od to 2a 6d country butchers stans, Is (k1 to 2s Od for ordinär) lots whilst wo hate disposed of superior Unes at from 2s l)d to 4s. each, lamb skins 2s to 2s (k1, station skins, in balos Jd to Dgd per lb Hides.-Numerous consignments havo come forward and wo notu a g,ood inquir), without an) material chango In values Mo quoto-Green ox, 10s to 40s , do cow, 3d to Sid , A ¡dorian salted hides, 8Jd to 4.d . kip, S.d and calfskins (k1, per lb Mo havo sold BOIUO laroo linos of Kow Zealand hidos at from 4 Jd to 6Jd per lb Tallow has been oxccodlugl) low-howovcr, only in m cordanco with present London rates "Ho quoto Mutton £20, mixed, £23 to £23 10s , and oddments from £18 to ¿22 per ton Bark remains as last quoted, only superior lots meeting w 1th favour Wo quoto Ground, £8 to 4.10 chopped i0 to £8, and bundled ¡CO to £810s. Interior samples however, aro dllllcult to quit s t from £2 to £4 per ton. -REVIEW OF THE STOCK AND SHARE MAM-ET. An e .tensive business has boen transacted In this market during tho past fortnight, and for many of tho leading stocks closing quotations ehow considerable advances on markot values Bank shares havo been iu especial favour, and all closo higher Tho National hav o called a special meeting for tho purposo of in croasing their capital from ono million to two millions, lhcso shares and Colonial havo continued vcryscaro in tho market, even at tlio advanced rates, and bust ness in them has boen comparatively limited, but City of Melbourne, Commercial, mid Federal, as also Queensland National, havo changed^hands to good extent Insurauco and t,as companies dealt in to only moderate oxtcnt,Motropolitan Gas closing alittlolow cr XFrovvci. coifipanlcs' shares had good business and ripward tendency till towards closo, when thov wero .unfavourably affected by tho Introduction of a new Licensing lilli into Parliament Tramway and Omnl bus sold to good extent at Improv ed prices Trus tecs, L .ccutors, and Agency closo at good advanco , the) hav o Issued an oxcollent balance sheet for tho paat half year, and pa) bonus at rato of 5 per cent, in addition to usual dividend Freehold Investment and Hanking takon at advanced rates and Molbourno Storage sold largely at rather over provtous price In nuning. Band and Albion Consols havo had avery fluotua-ing market, closing lower Tho Berry com panics havo also receded Black norso United havo moro than doubled their previous value, and Lgcrton havo also improved Egyptian and other Malmsbury companies have had modorata support at rather higher prices. Long Tunnel and Long Tunnel Lxtended havo had considerable business at llnctuating prices the latter closing lower -Sow .North Clunes dealt In to good extent also at lluotuating priocs, closing about opening values -¿Midhurst companies havo been in improved demand, mid considerable advances established in v ictorv and Pandora, Gardon Gully United, Garden Gull) irco hold, Sea, and Unit}, and towards closo in JSow ht Mungo Thoro has been considerahlo business also in United Dovonshiro and Hopcw eil at lluotuating prices, tho former closing at full provious v aluo, tho latter at reduced price Durham and Cumberland ]So 1, 1 -hendgo, Queensland, havo been In request, but holders too firm for much business A compati) waa formed to prospect for gold in New Guinea on the strength of a very fino specimen of unusual crystal line formation, said to hav o been found there, but a good deal of discredit has silica attached to the state mont, and it is doubtful if tho compan) will carry out tho project Llttlo business done in tin mining coln panics, silver companies have had moderato busl ness In Barrier Hanges at about previous rates, and Su Pinnacle at good advanco. Tho following aro tho closing buying and Belling quotations and prices of Bales effected during the fortnight - Debentures -Victorian Government six per cents., due 1_S5, seller £100 6s , do, six lier cents, duo ; 1889, buyer £103, do , four per cents, (stock), sales ¿OS 109 to £100 Banks.-Australian Deposit and Mortgage (£25 paid), buj cr £30, do (£5 paid), sales £510a ud to¿5 17s , Australasia, eales £03 10a , City of Melbourne, eales 80B to 83a Colonial sales £913s. Od to ¿9 lbs Commercial, Bales£019s Od to£7 5s. .edoral, bales 62s. to 61s 9d Land Credit, buyer 30s., sellor Jin. Land Mortgage, bu)or 53s (Id Mercantile, bu)or -Os., seller 48s National Melbourne register, sales ¿9 15s to £10 3s 0d ¡National, Adelaldo register, buyer £10 National, Queensland, sales £9 12a od to ¿0 14s Od New south Wales, sales ¿-9 6s -Nov. Zealand, sales ¿22 13s. Union, sales £00 10s Victoria, sales £38 to £39 Gas.-Bendigo buyer £7 12s Brighton sales S2s Castlemaine, seller 68s -ootacra), bu)cr 37s Metropolitan, Bales £110s to ¿112s Williamstown, eales 41s to 41s. 9d bouth Suburban, sales Is. Od to 2s to Is lud Insurauco.-Australian Alliance, Boiler £5 Colonial ll-timlèllr_ bu)er4s.Sd "Indemnity, Miles 17s 3d to 13s 2. allouai, salo 12s Gd southern, sales 103. Od to 20a 4d Victoria sales 42a Miscellaneous.-Australian 1 rcehold Banking Com pan), bu)cr 48a, seller 60s Australasian Mortgage and A^cnc), hil) cr 5-a Australian Trustees and executors s iles 15s Od Brow ing and Moltlug, seller 84s Cascade Brewery (Hobart), sales lbs Cos tlcmaiiio Prow orv (S)dnej) bil) cr 24t, do (Mel boiuno), sales lbs -k1 to 18s lOd to 18s. 4.1 Coffee Inverna, seller 21k od Deniliquin and Moanu lauwa), seller 82s Dalgot) and Co, bujer £1 11s hquitablc Co operativo, sales 9s Gd Freehold Investment and Hanking, sales 15s, closing buyer Sus Henr) Arnold and to, buyer £11, sellor¿ll 10a Langlands 1 ouudry, bil) cr 29s. Metro polltan Permanent Building, buyer £5 12a Ud Melboumo Lodginghonse, bu)er ¿10 15s Mont do Picte, sales 8a Od Melbourne Storago, eales 30s od to 30a to 30a (id Mutual -torc, eales 48s to 41.8. (K1 New /cataud Trustees, seller 22s Nuwut-tlo Coal, bu)cr ¿10, sellor £17 Northcoto Uriel, (old Haue) hin cr -0s Peniienan, Wright, and Co., sales 27s Porkinss Brewer), sales 30s. 3d to Ils. -d to 80s 0d It Golilsbrouth and Co, sales 2Us to 2(K Od Trauma) und Omnibus, eales 24' 3d to 25s 2d to 2.is Trustees, Exccu tom, and Agenc), sales ISs Od , closing nu) cr 51s. Victoria Coffee Palace hu)or 22s Od Victorian Per mrnient Building, sales ¿OIK Wert end Brow or), eales 1MB to -'Is. 4d Westport Coal, sellor 20a \\\ in M Culloch and Co , sales 40a to 31s. bd to 37s. (k1 Wallsend -ool bU)cr¿37, seller £10 M omen s Modol Lodging hotiso nu)cr 67s Od Tin, Sill or, and Copper Mines.-Brothers No 1 bu) cr 2a Od Mount lliaehoir, buyer ¿48. Mount (.amaron (paid), sales Ss. to ils 3d North Brothers' Homo sales 4». to 4s ,ld , do (paid), nales 6s Burrier Banges Silver (cum Apollyon and Do) Dream), salea 40s Od. to 88s to 42s to 40s Apollyon bllvcr, huycr4s.Ud Day Dream do , sales 20s 3d to 20s Cd Plnnaclo »aloa ¿142 to ¿148, closing bu)or £155 Bunn) Corner, buyer 08s (.oki Mines-Albion, Steiglitz seller 8s Bnnd and Albion Consols, sales 97s. to 82s. Od to 838 to 82s. Belmont and Snxb) sales 13s 4Jd Herr) Consols sales ¿0 7s to ¿517s Borry No 1, Bales 4J3 (ti to 40s Black Horse, sales 17s to 80s. to 24s. to líos Bunlnvong Estate, sales 17s. Catherine United, calca Ils od to 10s. 3d to 9s Cor wish, Dalesford, sales 8« Durham, Ktboridgo, sales Sis Duke Timor, »ellei 4s. Duke of Edinburgh sales .8 3d Duehcsa Tribute sales 0» 4d Lllcsmere, bu)er 7s. od Fxtcudcd bt Mungo buver 7s Lnreka Extended, wiles 14a to 11s to 14s Id t_,erton, Bales 12a k1 to 16a 1 g)ptiau, sales 11s Jp 12s. .orost Creek seller Hw. Od Garden Gully United sales 77« to 90s Great J- X tended Hustlers Tribute Bales 0s Id to ra. 0d to (Is 3d Golden stream, sales 7a to fa Hercules nnd Fncrgctic i,UJcr 40« Hopewell, talca 2.8 Od to 28s 3d to .." to 2 s Hepburn istato sales 12a. Od lohnaons sales 18s (lil liong Meng, salts 12s. 7d tolls ni to Us lid Lady llarl ly, seller 12s (Id lannis, bu)cr 6s (I I Lazarus No 1, sales 3s. Od Long Tunnel sale a ¿88 to ¿SO to £81 to £80 10s Lont Tunnel fx.cndcd palca £8 "s Od to £8 16s to £7 12s (k1 to ¿3 Londondorr) eales to £18 Lone Hand sales 8Ss od to 91s Lord Harr), salea 60s to 10a Ud to 48a Madame Borr) salea £17 13a to £17 19s to ¿10 ra to£1017s.0d Maxwells bul er 8a, seller 8s (k1 Napier -tclIorlOs New Australasian pcller 30' New Beehive fidler "s Od New -hum and Motorla, sales 31s to 3 a Non Chum Itallwav salel 10s (ii to 17« 7Jd New Mctoria Catherine, Hales 0a (k1 to 7a ad Now North Clunes sales £21 to ¿ 2 to £"0 J.orth Australasian, seller lia North Lout, Tunnel wales 12s bd to 13s Od to 12a Od No 1 bouth Queen »ales 6s 9d to 0a 3d New bt Mungo Improved to 20a Old Chum, nales 20a (VI Parkers United, salea 4» to 4s 3d to 8s. l.d Queens Birthday, Dunoll) (new ißstio) seller 17a Crucen s Birthday Malmsbury, saloa 82a Gd to 31a 3d to 30a ItisingStar seller 29a Sadowa sales 11 s Ol Shenandoah, sales 0a Od to 10s 9 I Star of the East, salcB 6s. to 4B 9d South St MunifO.'buvcr 17a 3d , BCllor 19a St Munto buyer IDs , seller 10a Toombon, buver 01a seller OTa United Devonshire, eales 47s 3(1 to 45B Od to 40a Cd to 48a di Vic tona, Quart-, sales 44a. 01 to 47s Victoria Consol» buyer8- 9d Viatorv, Charters Towers (paid up), buyer Os. Victor) and Pandora, sales 44s. Od to 62s Bd* falOCK AND SHAIU. LIST. .Tun 11 til* \ ict Qov 0 per cents , duo 1639 % let. Gov 0 por cents , duo 1885 \ ict. Gov 6 por cents , duo 1S04 \ict. Gov 4por cent atook Molbourno Corporation 6 por cont Mclbourno Corporation 6 per cent Metropolitan Gas 6 por cent M and li BU llailwa) Oper cent M and 11 BU Railway 6 por cent New South M alos6perccnt,duo 1002 ->cw7caland 4 percent Queensland 4 per cent . Queensland six per pent_ I'unuio CONUAMKS 20 HAM 8 Australasian Dept ¿,Mtgc Bank . Bal Bank limit Do, new Issue Colonial of Austral Commercial of Aus tralla (Limited) National of Austral asia Now South M ales J \lctoiia(Molrcg] ( Do (Loudon reg j jLand Mor!gaso -vow Zealand Union Australasia London Chartered of Austral! t i-ngllsh Scottish i Aus Chartered 'Citv of Molb >urno 2J.L - SjJfrcdcrat of Austra la -COUIAMKS. .'Ballarat 'Iloiidi_.o -'Castlemaine lODa)lcstord(Llmltcd) B0celon0 Metropolitan 1NSUI.CNCK. Australian Alllanco National I iro lnsnr Southern lnsumnco \ ictori i Life & Cou Motoila Insurance (Limited) Misa u AXrtms bl 8 10SS. 143s. 1 202s 60 J8J 6SÍS (AS 02Í 61._ ñ 1 lLGoldsbruuglii-Co l[lrtlstecs Lxecutors and A^cnc) _'Co oporatlio leo Co JAust Mortgago and . Ai,cno) jCastlcmno Brewon ¿.Melbourne Browing and Malting i Melbourne I taiimav ai d ümnibu 2 Mutual Store ¡¡Tern s Most end j Brewery liEquilablo Co opera the Sooiot) KM LU Al S 4'Dcnill luin d. Moama »I 24s. 10s. * Including bonus SHIPPING OP 'IHK 1 ORTNIGIIT. POUT OP MELBOURNE AnmvAi-s AKU CCEAUAMIS RIXCK CUB LAST SUMMMIT. A , American , Au , Austrian , B, Lrltish , B A , British American, Bclg Bclcjon , Bo, Bolivian, Br, Bra_dlim, Ch., Chilian D, Lute li, Do., Danish , F, i rench G German , I, Italian , N , Norwegian, P, lortucucso, l'r, Poruvlan, li, Russian , S , Swedish , _p , Spntitsh sh , ship, bq , barquo, bg , brig, sch , schooner, s.S., steamer Juno Ainmni 21) Angorton, B s s , 2,704, S Munroe Orr, London Jnmcs Servico and Co Jill) 4 Arohimodos, B sch , 104 R. Rich, Port Louis, Mauritius Chas Jacobs and Sons C Carthage, R M S S , 6 160 Geo Nelson Hector, R N R , commander, London ia Geo Vi ithcrs 6 Arklow.Bbq, 748, T R P)o Boston Nuwctl mid Co a Taiwan, B ss, 1,711, T II Clcgg, Hong Kong, 4-c Lorimer, Homo and Co 0 Iberia It M S S , 4 702, J Mr Shannon, London, etc Gibbs, Bright, and Co 0 Otago, B bq , J4(l I Suadden, Port Louis, Mann ttus. Chas Jacobs and Sons. ciPvitKU ocr Juno 30 Indus. P. V S a, 2,080, \V E. Breezo, London, Ac Geo M ithcrs. Jul) 3 Indus B s s , 1,010, It Leslie, Madms J Henty and Co i Dclmiri, B sch , 1 hos Robson, Maldon Island Grico, Sumner, and Co 0 Talisman Ii s s, 1,109, J P Vo)sc),Guam Jas Sen leo and Co 10 Liguria B s s , 4 BW), G N Conlan, London - Gibbs, Bricht, and Co 10 Cuiosuro, B bq, 701, J Somplc, Caloutta.-A M oollo) and Co 10 Abner Coburn A sh , 1 870, G A. Nichols, Lon don-J H \\\ hito and Co SHIPS CLI-AIU-D OUT AM'IIICOLONIAL 1M.OUUCI. POUT Ol MELBOURNE. JUM JO Indus, r!.Il S S , for 1 ondon -2 CB silver plate, 141 cs _am, 87 pkgs wlno, 81 bxs soap, bl) cs potatoes, 70 pkts sugar, 27 pkgs oilmen s stores, 61 his wool, .02 bis leather, 43 b ils skins 10 cs skins, 331 cs presen ed meats, 3,920 bgs Hour, 1 S7S b"-s bark, 118 lngts tin, 0 pkgs w hie, JO pkgs merchandise, and L5 bxs gold and specie (valuo J-110,r,0). . Juu i Indus for Madres-10 bgs grain 7pkgawino apps tallow, 1 bx wool samples, 285 horses, 76 cs jams, 20 heifers, 00 tons chair, 20 tons ha), 30 tons bran, 20 bgs linseed, 80 bgs oats. len 4 Dclmira from Mnldcn Island -72 hhds biscuits rl pkgs provisions 10 pkgs iionmou^or), 8 pi i,s tobacco and cigars, 4 pligs sundries Ion 10 Abner Coburn, foi Loudon -toil bgs auriferous ore, 45 bis Hock, IsS pes axles l8 tires, 10J bj,s mustard hulls 02 kgs ox cheeks, 21 his glue ploccs, J bis sinews, n0 his rats, '138 cks olclno oil, 55 cks sporm oil, 3 pkgs platcduarc, 0 bgs hoofs 100 pkgs bones, 11 pkgs horns, 80 bis scrolls, 20 bis sheep skins, 8 012 bgs wheat, 2,240 bgs Hour, JO hhds wine, 28 bis leather, 1,550 os preserved mcits, 347 pkgs champagne, 1,027 bgs bark 51 bis basils, 1,010 cks and pps tallow, 1,702 bis wool, 2 pks mor chanulso Liguria, for London -11 bxs sovereigns (valuo £51,200), 5,000 carcases mutton, 2 his basils 20J his sheepskins 0 cks loans 74 his wool 3 cs eucalyptus oil, 15 tcssalt skins, 12 ukes apparel, 2 pkgs mnchlncr), 20 bis leather, S bis rabbit skins, 72 pkgs merchandise and effects Cynosuro for Calcutta -120 horses, 1,400 bgs chaff, 23 his ha), 42 bgs linseed, 1 cs (scraper), "00 bgs bran, 00 bgs oats PASSENGEIiS UY AND SINCE TITO DE PAIUUIU- OP THE LAS!" MAIL Ittsr sa Indus, RMS, for London, d-c Tlrst class -ror Bombay-Dr J Blood, Mr T W Mills lor Cal cutta-Sir II A Corrio For Brlndlsi-Messrs G. Ilessolmann and A M Cox, Mr and Mrs. Knee, Mrs O. Nicholls, Mrs Stewart Messrs. II Powell, 12\. Jones, M b Fulton, - Knee, and Cuptaln Lawson Jin 10 Liguria as, for London Saloon Mr A S Mood, Mr and Mrs. Clnrk, Miss Jackson, MissMontallcr Misses Vi oodward (two), Mrs. Tracey, Mrs Smith and infant, Miss Smith, Mr J Bowman Captain Dobson, Mrs. Dobson, Mr and Mrs Baunntyno, Messrs Alfred Harlow, Ld nt-gerald, Wm. Uulloik, Hugh M Cormlok, Aloxandor M'Cormi I O W Thatcher, M J Holden, I a Davis, lohn Bull, \V J Cuch, Vi M right, A Ritchie Jno Senior, Mr and Mrs Scott, Mrs. Harper and infant, Mrs Harris and child, Mrs Ldwell and two children, Messrs. J Vi Gill Sen thorpe, A W Maoksy, lo» 1er, Sni.Uhc , and 40 second and 1J5 third and steerage. STOCKS IN BOND, The following w ero the stocks in bond at Molbourno on July 4 -Brandy-4,472 hhds , lß.SIl coses, rum -1 074} hhds , 1,222 cases, (.oneva-14 Illida , 14,070 4 gal cases 1 OoJ 2 gal coses, whisky-8,(124 Illida,, 35,048 cases gin (sweetoncd)-23 hhds , 2,233 cosed, cordials-1,082 cases, spirits of wine, 127 ensks, other spirits-102 linds, 11 o34 oases, wine-2,6831 hhds , 20.687 cases, beer-432 hhds , 2o,383 cases anil casks, tobacco (manufactured)-2 half tierces, 10 quarter tiorcos, 700 thrcu quarter boxes and boxes, 8,534 cases, do (unmanufactured), 117 tierces hhds, and casks, S60 coses, 412 biles 010 boxes, candles-03 chests and cases, 3,144 boxes, cigars-1,297 cases , korosene 34 OSO coses , cocoa and chocolate-712 packages, cotfeo-4 047 bags, 2 tierces, 24 casks 701 barrels, 14 cases, bran bags-522 bales corn&aoks-8;,767 bales, woolpacks-4,Jul hales, chicory-2 143 paokages, opium-180 packages oats-6,01- bags, hops-85S Eackagcs, rloo-29BOO bags, 49 tons, salt-J2487 mrs, vinegar-8110 ccsks 1538 coses, tea-2,202 cheeta, 32 944 half chosts, 37 880 boxes sugar, Mauri ttus-15,290 bags 2,673 pockets, do , Réunion-3,123 bags 1 764 mnts, do , other ports-24 10G baskets, 14,3)7 bogs, ros mats, do , refluer)-2 325 tons, 7,070 cases or casks_ LIVE SIOCK REPORT Tho following fat Btock havo passed through tho market )ards at Flemington during tho lost fortnight, viz , 4,014 cattle, 317 calves 20,700 sheep and 3 700 lambs Fat Cattle.-A largo proportion of tho supply was of socond to good quality, with a" fow drafts of prune Thero was a full attendance of town and countr) bu)cr* and prices for best descriptions were firm with an upward tendency but for middling and Inferior sorts reduced rotes had to bo accepted Primo pens of bul locks sold nt from A.1J to £15 10s, nccord ins to weicht good do, from £10 108 to £12, sei ond do from £7 to if», lulurlor, from £5 10s , pnmt ]ieus of cows from ¿8 10s. to £10 nocordlng to weight c.ood do. from C7 to £8, middling and in frrlor from £1 30s lat Calves-Tho demand for best descriptions was brisk, und such sold rcadil) at high prices middling and Inferior sorts wcro slightly low ci 1 rime sold at (rom 05s to 80s , a few extra to 07s Od good do from 41s to 5fis second do from JO) to ]0s Interior, from 20s tnt Sheep -The de marni was brisk throughout and sales of good sorts uoro rendit) effected at prices showing an upward tcndcnc) <sp el illy for merino wethers suitable for trole icquiicmcnts oui) a small supply of which continues to come foi ware nnd crnssbreds ot medium weiïht hean bheep ot the latter class bcinc. more dilllcult to quit Quotations -Prime crosibred wcth rs from 1 s hi lo 17s , according to weight (,ood do fn ni Us Oil to 111 0d, second do from 11s (k1 tol-sOl Interior from 9s primo merino wethers from Us (k1 to 15s according to weight afcwcxtri sold nt Ils c,ood do from Ila, uti to l»i (k1 second do from J* H to 10*. b 1 In tenor, Iroin 0s (k1 1 at Ijunl s -Primo and {,ooil Borts were sparingly represent* 1, and nold at lota rates bit inltldlln. uni interior sorts wcro dull of »ale at reduc I ) rices Best sold at (rom 10s to 11s Ud a few extra to 14s cood from 6s (x1 to 9s (k1 , second, lrom 0s to 7K Inferior from 4s. IIONDOV papers state thit Mr W. Creswick, tlic vetctnn tragedian, proposes to take a finul farewell oí tim stage euri) in October, when Mr. AutrustiiB Harris will place Drury-lnnp 'Xheatrc at his disposal for the purposes of a benciit performance. Several distinguished actors have signtlied their intention to assist OD the o-comon. 