TELEGRAMS. TASMANIA. [By Electric Telegraph.] (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENTS . ) acBiEs June 1. The ketch Rachel Thompson has ar rived from a fishing cruise off Maria Island, muck knocked about by tempes tuous weather ; her mizenmaBtcarriedaway within two feet of the deck, and other damage done. Another mining cas°, Cambria (tin) v. Duncombe, appears on the list of the Small Debts Sitting of the Supreme Court as a defended case. Mr J. C. E. Knight, son of Mr C. E. Knight, uf Hobart, and a successful High School student, has passed in Roman law in the Middle Temple Examination, Lon don, after having served four' terms as law student. A memorandum lias been issued from the Treasury, stating that the Customs collections, Hobart, for May, were over stated to the extent of £600, thus affecting the total given for tbe month. At the meeting of tho Executive Council held to-day, the business trans acted was of a purely formal character. An order has been made by the Judges for a commission de lunatice inquirendo in the estate of one Naylor. The site of a building at Alberton, recently purchased for post and telegraph purp :.ses, has been reserved to the Crown. Letters of- naturalisation have been granted to Lars Nicolaisen and Lars Rasmussen, heretofore Danish subjects, resident at Hobart. The appointment of Mr John Clark as Inspector of Machinery has been formally confirmed by the Executive Council. Mr Thomas Alfred Tabart has been appointed Chief Inspector of Sheep and Stock, vice Mr W. Harrison, deceased. The secretary of the Immigration Board lias received a communication from Mr Buck, agent in London, that he will be unable to despatch German immigrants to this colony before June, but instructions have been already sent him not to de spatch any to this colony later than May. P.J r Buck appears to be acting on his own authority. Probates have been granted in the fol lowing estates : — Mortimer Plane to Hannah aud Charles Reed Plane, £40 ; Richard Cloak to J. H. and W. F. Cloak, £385. Letters of administration have teen issued — Grace Newcombe to James Newcombe, £390 ; James Best to Eliza Mary Beat, £60. The following school appointments wore made to-day by the Governorin Council : — Teachers — William Dakin, German Town and Falmouth ; H L. Swifte and Mrs Swifte, Moorina; W. J. Murphy and Mrs Murpliy, Montagu ; J. E. Fitzpatrick, Smithton and Irish Town 5 Frederick Rich, Black River ; E. Ward Murnane, Cluan ; Charles Kelly, Mount Seymour. Female Assistants — Mrs R. Johnson Casite. Forbes Rav ? M'iV-. Kmil. Cramp, St. Mary'a. Paid Monitor — Miss Esther Larkin, Dover. The tender of W. S. H. Smith, for the erection of school-house at Irish Town, has been accepted at £190. The following tenders have also been accepted- — Kelline School, repairs, M. Quinn, £14 10s ; gravelling and levelling at public school, Deloraine, James Kilpatrick, £9 14s ^ fencing, etc., at Chudleigli School, Betts and Flowers,^ £79 18s 5 repairs to Post Office, Bishopsbourne, A. Frost, £9 13s ; etockade, Bndport Police Station, Coulter and fiobinson, £44 9a ; road Cooee Cteak to Wynyard, contracts 1 and 2, W. Garner, £414 ; Proctor's-road, section 1. J. Underwood, £185 ; Kentish-track, J. Shean, £24 ; clearing track Wynyard to Junction, Arthur and Hellyer, M. Gibb, per mile 2as, and maintenance £20 for J2 months ; wire rope and cage over river, near Junction, Cross, Heron, and Edwards, £15 ^ track Junction to Speci men Reef, ditto, per mile £11 15s j transfer forthe conveyance of mails to Lower Piper Biver and Lefroy from Theodore Targett to John Proctor.' Approved appointments Local School Boards Lachlan— Rev. S. W. Murray, B. G. Murphy, J. Moore, John McRedmond, H. Nicholson. Ger man Town and Falmouth — Rev. F. Wil liams. Gladstone, Jetsonville, Moorina, Scottsdale, Springfield, Upper Ringa rooma — Bfiv, John Leslie. The resigna» tion of the Rev. Joseph Mav has been accepted as a member for school boards at Avoca, Fingal, and six other contiguous districts. The Orowther Memorial Committee met this evening to discuss the expenditure of the funds, now amounting to £562. Nothing was decided, as opinions varied, j&nd; the meeting was adjourned. The Licensed Victuallers' Association hold their annual meeting this evening, and after the appointment of office ? bearers, adopted the following resolution : — ' That Mr Syme's generous gifts of 5000 Cascade Jirev/ery shares be distributed as follows : ? — The sum of £100 per annum be set Aside for scholarships, £00 for boys and 1 ' aw ior giris, lor two years ; competitors to be under 14 years, aud the offspring of members of tbe association ; £50 per annum as a fund for old and reduced ex publicans, who have been members of the association ; and the balance to form an incidental fund for building a hall, or for such other purpose for the benefit of the association as may be deemed expedient.' The Catholic Young Men's Society was addressed this evening by Bishop Murphy on the objects of their association. He impressed upon them, that guided by religion, they were to observe all social obligations, especially benevolence, kind ness, and charity towards all, and to pro mote their own intellectual welfare. The office-bearers appointed were : — Rev. O'Callaghan, spiritual director ; Rev. Jas. Murphy, president ; Messrs. J. Connolly and T. Molloy, vice-presidents ; J. M'Loughlan, secretary and treasurer ; Mr Sheehan, warden; Mr Frank M'Loughlan, acting-editor of the magazine ; and Messrs. Keating and Bradshaw, librarians. A committee of seven was deputed to obtain a suitable room for the meetings. The annual meeting of the Hobart Cycling Clnb was held this evening. The report showed a credit balance of £45, and it was afterwards decided to stand aloof from the Tasmanian Cycling Union for the ensuing year. Mr A. H. Reynolds was appointed captain; H. D. Tautin, vice-captain ; W. Omant, honorary secre tary ; and EL D. Vautdn, treasurer. The honorary officers were all re-elected. Mr Allan Hamilton's benefit at the Theatre Royal this evening was a decided euccess, and the play ' New Men and Old Acres was weu put on. Stacey is exhibiting his well-known Hibernica at the Exhibition Building, but it needs vocal and musical attractions. 