THE RAILWAY ACCIDENT NEAR ROSE- WORTHY.—The report of the Ministerial Board which enquired into the railway accident near Roseworthy on January 17 will be found in another column. In the absence of the evidence it is impossible to say how far the conclusions of the Board are warranted. We infer, however, from the remarks in the report, which would be clearer if they could be read in conjunction with the evidence, that considerable trouble was taken to arrive at the facts. Technically the train did not exceed the load limits for the particular engine employed. The Board suggest that this limit should be reduced one-tenth in the case of trains made up of wagons having compact loads of wheat, flour, rails, ballast, &c.; In this instance, however, the train was obviously too heavy for the engine to draw it up a grade of 1 in 80. There were fifty-Beven wagons, one carriage, and a brakevan at the rear. The first forty wagons were uncoupled from the rest of the train, and this was the beginning of troubles. First, there was not a sufficient number of the brakes on the rear part of the train pinned down before uncoupling. In consequence of this neglect on the part of the guard, that part of the train, as soon as it was disconnected, ran back. Then, in the judgment of the Board it was a mistake to take the larger portion of the train in the first instance, especially as this portion had no breakvan. As to the real cause of the couplings breaking there seems to be some doubt; but it is the opinion of the Board that it was not due to the faulty way in which the engine was started. It was thoaght by one witness that one of the wagons had left the line before the collision took place, but the report does not agree with this view. There are twi or three matters which, we assume, will be carefully considered by the Commissioner of Public Works. Surely both the Locomotive and the Traffic Department must have known whether the engine was equal to drawing the train up the Wasleys Bank. If there was even a probability of the train having to be divided, would not common prudence have suggested there should be a second brakevan in the centre of the train? The most unsatisfactory part of the report is that which relates to the couplings and sidechains. Are the side - chains which were in use up to the English standard ? We do not know what evidence was taken on this point, and therefore we put the matter interrogatively. Is it certain that the proper quality of metal was used in their construction ? Then, what was the use of them at all if it was known that they were unequal to the strain put upon them when the couplings gave way 1 It is only in such emergencies that they are called into requisition. It is satisfactory to know that they are being replaced by others of a new and much stronger character; but are we to infer that the principle upon which our trains are run is that sufficient precautions for safety are not taken until an accident emphasizes the inadequateness of the existing arrangements ? The Locomotive and Traffic Departments, the engine-driver and guard, seem all to be to blame, and especially the officer, whoever he may be, who is responsible for seeing that the couplings are sufficient and in good order. We shall await with some curiosity the action of the Commissioner of Public Works, who, we take it for granted, will feel bound to give effect to the report. GERMANS IN AUSTRALIA.—It is fortunate that but few of our German colonists entertain so bitter a feeling against the Australian Colonies as does the writer of a letter translated from the Magdeburg Zeitung, which appears elsewhere. The particular cause of complaint in the letter has reference to a supposed scheme for alluring out poor Germans, and forcing them to work iu the sugarcane- fields of Northern Queensland place of the kanakas. It is true that Mr. Griffith, the present Premier, has an aversion to the extension of the system of employing coloured labour in Queensland—a system which, as the letter- writer asserts, practically amounts in many instances to slavery. But the writer's picture of colonial agents travelling through Prussia, Poland, Silesia, and Danish Schleswig, stumping the country, delivering lectures, and inducing people to sign contracts to their detriment, is a ludicrously distorted one. This colony of South Australia has attracted a larger proportion of German colonists than any other colony of the group, and yet we are not aware that any agent ever visited the places referred to ; at any rate with the black designs which are now attributed to such men. If any advocates for emigration to Australia have ever visited Germany they have been influential and prosperous German colonists, who appreciate the equality and liberty prevailing among Australian people, and who are benevolent enough to direct others to the paths by which they them selves have reached success. As to the signing of contracts, it usually happens that the emigrant gets the best of the bargain, at least so far as the Government is concerned. In this colony, what with land grants of the value.of £20 for each adult immigrant, and the concessions of assisted passages, the new German colonist gets a very fair start indeed. This bilious physician of Rockhampton actually has the audacity to say that the Australians, like the Americans, despise the German colonists. Such a statement is utterly Tinwarranted. The Germans are universally recognised to be among the very best classes of colonists. There are unfavourable speciinecs among them as among all other nationalities. But the bulk of them are useful and respected colonists. It may grieve the soul of the choleric doctor to imagine his countrymen working in the canefields of Queensland, and certainly we would not advise any of them to try the experiment of going into that sort of life. But to accompany his note of warning with abuse of the treatment which Germans receive in Australia is an altogether gratuitous insult to a people who receive German colonists with a warm welcome, and do not begrudge them the results of!their tlrift and industry. *. • | " DEATH OF MB. WVJJEWMAN.—WE I-<«IEC to announce the death of Mr. William Newman, which occurred at Blackwood on Friday morning, after a long illness, although he had only been confined to his house for about three weeks. Mr. Newman was Manager of the Australasian Implement Company, and it was rather on account of his enthusiasm in introducing labour-saving agricultural machinery ana commercial integrity than through an important part taken bylhim in public matters that he was respected and admired by a large circle of acquaintances. The immediate cause of death was phthisis, the outcome of the bursting of a bloodvessel in the lungs some years ago. Mr. Newman, who was only 35 years of age, leaves a widow and five children, and several brothers, the eldest of w'lom is the Be v. C. T. Newman, President of the Wesleyan Conference. THE ALLEGED GROUNDING OF THE LE»- DORES ABBEY.—Our Port Pirie correspondent writes:—" The barque Lindores Abbey was undoubtedly aground on the Eastern Shoal, Pilot Osborne's statement to the contrary notwithstanding. I have the testimony of two pilots, one of whom sailed round the barque while aground, several captains, and the Marine Board, who stated that the lighthouse-keeper reported her aground, to support my telegram of the 7th inst. If she was simply riding at anchor it is a singular circumstance that she was not influenced either by wind or tide, and that she should heave to with a fair wind blowing." SIR HENRY WRESFORDSLEY.—We understand that the Chief Justice of Fiji, Sir Henry Wrenfordsley, who has been a guest at Government House for some time past, will leave by Bteamer for Melbourne today en route for Tasmania, where he is to act as locum tcnens for Chief Justice Dobson. 