THE BRITISH GOVERNMENT AND THE AUSTRALIAN COLONIES. The n&W3; received by cable that Lord Rosebery has been admitted into the British Cabinet has caused general satis faction throughout Australia, It would have been a source oi' even more lively pleasure had it been arranged for His Lordship to take in hand the duties of Secretary for the Colonies, but even in the office of Lord Privy Seal) or in fact in any position in which lie can influence materially the policy of the Government, he is likely to do the Ministry end the colonies material service. It is undeniable that the confidence of Australians in general in the sagacity and Etraiaht forwardcess of the Government and their sympathy with Lho difiicuities and aspirations of colonists has been greatly im paired by what has taken pkes during the past few months. It is felt that either the Foreign and Colonial Secretary have been distinctly worsted in diplomatic en counters with Prince Biaiaarck, or that they have not been candid in their ex planations to the colonists of the course which events have with their concurrence been taking. Australia is nothing if not loyal, and it is reluctant to believe that Her Majesty's Government; have delibe rately hoodwinked it in the negotiations that have taken place with Germany re specting 1-Tew Guinea, The recent revelations of the German White book, however, seem difficult of explanation, except upon the hypo thesis that Australia has been purposely kept in the dark. It would be a great relief to learn that this hypothesis is not warranted : that the visiles and interests of the colonies have not been tamely sacrificed for the sake of peace in obedience to the dictates of the im perious Chancellor ; that the Government are now ready to take a determined stand against the continued occupancy of a large portion of New Guinea by Germany; that they will refuse to recognise the late high-handed proceedings of a German official in annexing Apia, in Samoa, {a defiance of all treaty engagements ; in short, that they will maintain Great Britain's proper position in the counsels of the Nations. Meanwhile, as far aa may be, Australians in these matters are suspending judgment. The accession of Lord Bosebery to the Ministerial ranka will strengthen their belief that intho future some of the errors of the past, whatever they may be, will be remedied. His Lordship while in Australia took such pains to make himself acquainted with the views and feelings of Australians, and his utterances intho mother country have afforded such grati fviner nrnof nf h\\* havinit Vteen inrlrw-t.ri- nated with the colonial spirit, that his influence in the Cabinet will inevitably be an influence for good. It is not alone in the Cabinet that need exists for increased enlightenment as to the real state of affaira in Australia, and as to the intensity of the con viction that the colonies have not received fair play in connection with recent annexations in the Pacific. It is evident from the last letter of our Anglo-Colonial Correspondent that outside of a limited circle, consisting largely of politicians who are wishful to make capital out of the mis understandings between colonists and the Ministry in power, people in England do not appreciate the character or strength of Australian feeling. It is a very simple thing, for instance, for the ordinary Englishman to pooh-pooh tho whole question, to ridicule the idea of Aus tralians objecting to have Buch - excel lent neighbours as the Germans, and to protest vehemently against the risk of having the islands of the Pacific appro priated by Germany, France, or any other Power that chooses to lay claim to them. In fact, the ordinary Englishman is densely ignorant as to the way in which these matters are now regarded at the antipodes, and as to the circum stances which warrant Australians in demanding to have their wishes studied. Even the great majority of those who benignantly patronise the colonies and employ their leisure in con structing fancy constitutions .for a united' Empire have only the vaguest idea of the position which the colonies have already attuned. They recognise the fact com municated by statistics that the British dependencies contain so many millions of inhabitants, but they do not realize ade quately what the progress already made by these dependencies means. The im portance and influence of cities and settle ments in a new country like Australia are not to be gauged by the same standard as those of cities and settlements of equal population in an old country. There is a virility and sense of undeveloped power in the one not to be found in the other. Australia is more and more each year feeling within her the force of national1 aspirations. These aspirations are afc present, as we have said, all in sympathy with the mother country, and in order/ to keep up a good understanding the best construction is being put upon proceed ings of the Colonial Office, which if not to be stigmatized as blunders are to. be wondered at as inscrutable* Australia wishes to continue an integral part of the British Empire, but the permanency of that wish depends upon the spirit in which her fair nd reasonable conceptions of what is due to ,ther^ future interests are metbythelmperialGovernment. Australia knows full well that she cannot always enjoy the privileges without sharing the perils and responsibilities of indepen dence, be that independence, merely virtual 'as at present, or actual as it would be if the tie uniting her with. Great Britain were Bevered. Accordingly, she is taking the prudent course of look ing ahead, and seeing what will be most conducive to her welfare when she has to take up the burden of responsibility which her population and wealth and geographical poution entail] upon her. It is on this account that she cannot regard with indifference the proximity o£ neighbours who may be friendly, but who, on the other hand, may become enemies, infinitely more dangerous because of their nearneBB and because of their possession of advantageous strategics positions. How dangerous the presence of a foreign Power within easy reach of their borders may be Australians have hai an opportunity of judging. And if New Caledonia has proved to bo an element of discord and danger. . how immensely would the risk of mis understanding, ending . perhaps in war, be if the main part of the islands studding the seas which wash Australian shores fall under foreign dominion ? That con summation seems .not very remote. Germany is extending her protection right and left over the islands. She is disdain fully rejecting the proposals of England that a friendly arrangement should be come to as to the point at which this process of absorption shall cease. No ? sooner is it suggested that she should bs ? allowed to take Samoa in exchange for New Guinea than she, or an official on her behalf, lays claim to portions of: Samoa, but she gives no sign of readi ness to evacuate New Guinea. There was a time not long ago when Australia took little note of what be came of neighbouring islands. As in Laish of old, the people lived quiet - and secure, and thought not of danger. Whether it is a good or a bad thing that this state of selfconfi dence and ease has been rudely disturbed we need not stop to en quire. It has been disturbed. Australia, like the boy verging upon manhood, can no longer rest satisfied with childish things. It has awoke, however Imper fectly, to a sense of its national destiny,.. and the disregard of this fact j by ?? people in England cannot alter the tact. It may lead to misunderstanding ani'. friction, and, unless judicious counsels* prevail, to open rupture j but it cannot ba suppressed by official snubbings, the silly sai'casms of ill- informed '; critics, orj by the lofty indifference affected by the average Briton, who is too self -satisfied with himself or too much' immersed in his own concerns to be. awe to spare time to ? examine into the course of events beyona his own immediate circle. It is because ? lord Roaebery can speab out of hia abundant knowledgepand can interpret Australian feeling by -what lie learned 'while here, that we welcome his entry into the British. Cabinet, and trust that he may Boon be transferred to an office where he can be even more serviceable to the colonies. He has done a courageous SuuTchivalric thing in associating himself with the Government at a time when for tune and the prospects of the future do not smile upon them, and when he is not in accord with all their policy ; but hehas an opportunity of doing good work, and there is no doubt that he will make the most fit TVr Railway Accident keah Rosb \vokthx. — The report of the Ministerial Board which enquired into the railway accident near Roseworthy on January 17 will be found in another column. In the absence of the evidence it is impossible to say how far the con clusions of the .Board are warranted. We infer, however, from * the remarks in the report, which, would be clearer if they could be read in conjunction with the evidence, that considerable 'trouble was taken to arrive at the facts. Tech nically the train did not exceed the load limits for the particular engine employed. The Board suggest that this limit should be reduced one-tenth in the case of trains made up of wagons having com pact loads of wheat, flour, rails, ballast, &c.; In this instance, however, the train was obviously too heavy for the. engine to draw it up a grade of 1 in 80. There were fifty-seven wagons, one« carriage, and a brakevan at the rear. . The first forty wagons were uncoupled from the rest of the train, and this was the beginning of troubles. First, there was not a sufficient number of the brakes on the rear part of the train pinned down before uncoupling. In consequence of this neglect on the part- of the guard, that part of the train, as soon as it was discon nected, ran back. Then, in the judgment of the Board it was a mistake to take the larger portion of the train in the first instance, especially as this portion had no breakvan. As to the real cause* of the couplings breaking there seems to be some doubt; but it is the opinion of the Board that it was not due to the faulty way in which the engine was started. It was tho eight by one witness that one of the wagons had left the line before the collision took place, but the report does not agree with this view. There are two or three matters which, we assume, will be carefully con sidered by the Commissioner of Public Works. Surely both the Locomotive and the Traffic Department must have known whether the engine was equal to drawing the train up the Wasleys Bank. If there was even a proba bility of the train having to be divided, would not common prudence have sug gested there should be a second brake van in the centre of the train? The most unsatisfactory part of the report is that which relates to the couplings and side chains. ; Are the side- chains which: were in use up to. the' English Btandard? We do not know what evidence was taken on this point, and therefore we put the matter interroga tively. - Is it certain .that the proper quality of metal was used in their con struction 1 Then, what wa3 the use of them' at all if it was known that they were unequal to the strain put upon them when the coupling^ gave way ? It is only in such emergencies that they are called into requisition. It is satisfactory to know that they are being replaced by others of a new and much stronger character; but are we to infer that the principle upon which pur trains are run is that sufficient precautions for safely are not taken until an accident emphasizes the inadequateness of the existing arrange ments 1 The Locomotive and Traffic De partments, . the engine-driver and guard, seem all to be to blame, and especially the officer, whoever he may be; who is re sponsible for seeing, that the couplings are sufficient and in good order. We shall await with some curiosity the action of the Commissioner of Public Works, who, we take it for granted, will feel bound to give effect to the report. Germans is Attstbaija.— It is fortu nate that bat few of our German colonists entertain so bitter a feeling against the Australian Colonies as does the writer of a letter translated from the Magdeburg Zetiung, which appears elsewhere;* The particular cause of complaint in the letter has reference to a supposed scheme for alluring out poor Germans, and forcing them to -work in the BUgar cane-fields of Northern Queensland in place of the TranftTraa- It is true that Mr. Griffith, the present Premier, has an aversion to the extension of the system of employing coloured labour in Queens land — a system which, as the letter-writer asserts, practically amounts in many instances to slavery. But the writer's picture of colonial agents travelling through Prussia, Poland, Silesia, and Danish Schleswig, stumping the country, delivering lectures, and mducing people to sign contracts to their detri ment, is a ludicrously distorted one. This colony of South Australia has attracted a larger proportion of German colonists than any other colony of the group, and yet we are not aware that any agent ever visited the places referred to ; at any rate with the black designs which are now attributed to such men. If any advocates for emigration to Aus tralia have ever visited Germany they have been influential and prosperous German colonists, who appreciate the equality and liberty prevailing among Australian people, and who are benevolent enough to direct others to the paths by whichtheythemselveshavereachediuccess. As to the signing of contracts, it usually happens that the emigrant gets the best of the bargain, at least so far as the Government is concerned. In this colony, what with land grants of the value of £20 f or each adult immigrant, and the con cessions of assisted passages, the sew German colonist gets a very fair start indeed. This bilious physician of Bockhampton actually has the audacity to say that die Australians, like the Americans, despise the German colonists. Such a statement is utterly unwarranted. .? The Germans are univer sally recognised to be among the very beat classed; of colonists. There are un favourable specimens among them as among all other nationalities. But the bulk of themarauBefnlan&respected; colo nists. It may grieve the soul of the choleric doctor to imagine his countrymen working in the canefields oi-C^eensland, and certainly we would -not-1 .advise any .of them, to try the- experiment of going into that aort of life. But. to accom pany his note of warning: with abuse of the treatment which -Gennans receive in Australia is an altogether gratuitous insult to a people who receive German colonists with a warm welcome, and do not begrudge them the results of their thrift and industry. Banketg Statistics. — We publish in our summary to-day a portion of our Annual Statistics for 1884. The figures for the SaviDgs Bank speak for them selves, and do not call for any special comment. The returns relating to the various Banking institutions are more significant. The following table shows the advances, the assets, the liabilities, and the amount of Bank capital em ployed — that is, the difference between the liabilities and the assets, during the last four yeara. The latter figures are not, indeed, quite accurate, because they in clude the balances due to and from the Banks to each other. This, however, does not materially affect the comparisons for the various years : — Advances. Assets. Ikbrnties.^j^ 1881 .. £6,741,6SS £S,«41743 £5,555,531 £2,*850,149 1882 .. 9,180.493 10.512,409 5,773,663 5,035,831 1883 .. 10,475,S01 11,863,024 5,306,595 6,EG1,£I9 1884 .. 9,772,020 11,546,823 5.553,159 5,533,069 It may be convenient also to show at a glance the total business of the Banks during the last four years : — 1SS1. 1SS2. 1SS3. 1SS4 £ £ £ - Advances.. C,741,eSS 9,1SC,493 10,475,591 9,771,020 Deposits .. 4,042,554 5,140,763 4,64S,61S 4,923,000 Notes in cir culation.. 525,265 503,229 525,035 54S.022 Bills in cir culation.. 15,427 26,742 16,902 16,135 Total .. 12,224,034 14,876,230 15,6-30,446 15,260,167 In these figures there are two or three things that will arrest attention at once. The rapid advance in the business of the Banks in 1882 as compared Tvith 1881 is explained almost entirely by the ab normal increase in the advances, the total addition teiag upwards of two millions and a half. In *1S83 the increase was much more moderate, and last year there was a falling-off of about £400,000, the advances showing a diminution of about £700,000, and tne deposits an increase of nearly £300,000. We do not profess to look at these figures merely from a Banker's standpoint. They seem, how ever, to throw some light upon the difficulties through which the colony ' has been passing. It is- quite certain that ihe extraordinary increase in advances in 1882 was noi; due to legitimate expansion of business so much as to the speculative mania that prevailed. It is not surprising, nor is it a cause for regret, to find that the 'business' of the Banks has not only not continued to advance at the same rate, but that it has declined during the past year. It is noteworthy that we employ now much more Bank capital than is employed either in Vic toria or inNew South Wales. With regard to Table VJLL of the statistics published elsewhere it should be notedthat the figures includethetotalpaid-up capital andreservea of the Banks doing business in the colony. Many cf them, of course, have establish ments in the other colonies and in England. It is worthy of note, however, that in June last the paid-up capital and reserves of all the Banks represented in Australia and New Zealand was £21,041,439. The total capital employed —that is, the excess of assets over lia bilities—was £26.359,000, of which about £6,490,000 was employed in South Aus tralia. Typhoid Fever,— The prevalence of typhoid fever formed the subject of a vigorous but . not very instructive debate at the meeting of the Hospital Board yesterday. In fact, these general dis cussions do no good, and only create a panic which is most mischievous. The remarks made by some of the speakers about the drainage be traysd an ignorance of the subject that ought to have led them to see the wisdom of keeping silence Bad as the smells are occasionally from the sewers in some places they are not nearly so bad as the filthy open gutters were continually in some streets before the sewers were constructed. Improve ments in the sewers may yet be needed, and above all, householders stand in need of personal advice and instruction, but it is simply childish to launch out in a vague tirade against the drainage system, which at any rate enables those who use ordinary care to keep their premises clean and wholesome. What is the real cause of typhoid ? Can our medical practi tioners instruct us on this point ] Where do most of the cases come from, andean their origin be traced ? Is it not a, fact that typhoid fever is prevalent in other parts of the colony than Adelaide? These are questions which the Board of Health should be able to answer for us, and if the prosecution of the enquiries involves additional ex pense, the outlay ought not to be grudged. 'With regard to the charcoal gratings for the sewers suggested by Mr. Graves, it is well known that they have frequently not proved successful, and we think he must be mistaken in supposing that the improvement in the health of the inhabitants of Croydon was due to the introduction of these gratings. Many persons are no doubt heedless of sanitary precautions, but there are many others who would gladly follow any directions, which those skilled in the subject can give, with the view of protecting their own health and that of their neighbours. We look to the Hos pital Board, and especially to the pro fessional members of it, for definiie teach ing, and not for vague assertions, which only create a scare, and leave us no wiser than we were before. Passengers pek P. & O. Ixdus.— The following passengers are booked to leave by the Indus, which leaves C41enelg to-day : — Messrs. Stewart, Oaborne, and Snowley, for London j Mr Frodsham, for Bombay; Mr. Struthers, for Albany. Tehekak Route.— Advice3 from Midras, dated February 12, notify that the Teheran route is interrupted beyond Shlraz. New South Wales and the Was is the Soudan.— The Acting Colonial Secretary of New South Wales has communicated to the Chief Secretary the telegram containing the offer of troops for service in the Soudan, a3 published in Friday's Register, He has also wired under date February 13—' Have just had following telegram from Agent-General in answer to offer of military assistance to EDgland :— ' Have shown yoar message to Lords Derby and Hartington. Your offer greatly appreciated, and will be at once con sidered. Operations in the Soudan will have to be deferred as getting late in season. Sent your offer to Press.' W. B. D alley, Acting Colonial Secretary.' Sib Hhsby Wkentordsley.— We under stand that the Chief Justice -of Fiji, Sir Henry Wrsnfordsley, who has been a guest at Government House for some time past, will leave by steamer for Melbourne to day en route for Tasmania, where he is to act as locum tenens for Chief Justice Dobson. Yoluxtees Gssskaj-, Obsess.— Captain for the ensuing week, Captain Clindening ; subaltern, Lieutenant Messent, Sergeant Wisdom, B Company, A.E.. to be celour sergeant, vice Gudge, placed on the un attached list. Officers who have not already done so are recommended t-o study the ground between the Grange and the Sema phore. Private J. Graney, G Company, A. Rifles, having left the colony, is placed on the unattached list. Private J. Richardson, Reserve, a time-expired mzn, is dis charged. Leave oi absence is granted as follows, -viz. : — Gunner C. Cal laghan (A Battery), permanent leave ; Cor poral Slater (E Company), Privates Johnson (G Company), J. Cronck (K Company), J. White (M Company) two months; and Private Markins (M Company) three, months. Cap tains of companies axe requested to notify during the ensuing week the names of any non-commissicnsd oi£eer3 qualified to in struct in setting-up drill. Such aoacommis sioned officers -will have to parade under the Sergeant Instructors on the 23rd and 27th instant, at S p.m., for squad drill. Ths Patteksos- Enquiry Board,— The members cf this body held their first meeting on Friday, when only preliminary business was transacted. The proceedings, however, w-ere kept thoroughly secret, and it is not intended to admit the Pres3 to the meetings, or to communicate to it an abstract of the business transacted until the enquiry is ter minated. The 2^' ColoinEL- Com^luvda-^t. — It ! will be seen by oar tslegrarns that the ?position cf Colonel - Commandant to the Sonth Australian Local Military Forces has been conferred upon Colonel Owen, of the Royal Artillery. This officer has been con nected T7ith ths Koyal Artillery for a period of twenty-seven years. He was made First Iieuie^t on October 1. 1S57, secured hia cap&iacy; en December 1, 1S69, and was mads Major on October 1, lb//. He waa gazetted as BrevetLieutenant Colonel on November 29, 1S79, and as Brevet Colonel on November 29, 1SS3. He served with Woods's column in the Zula War of 1S7S [n command of a mounted gatling battery, and was present at the fierce engagement at Ulandi. He then conducted himself with such bravery as to secure the honour of being mentioned in the despatches, and of being granted a medal with clasps for his distin guished conduct. He was also given hi3 brevet rank of Lieutenant-Colonel at that time. Death of Mr. W. Newman.— We regret to announce the death of Mr. William New man, which occurred at Blackwood on Friday morning, after a long illness, although he had only been confined to his house for about three weeks, ilr. Newman was Manager of the Australasian Implement Company, and it was rather on account of his enthusiasm in introducing labour-saving agricultural machinery and commercial integrity than through an important part; taken by^him in public matters that he was respected and admired by a large circle of acquaintances. The immediate cause of death was phthisis, the outcome of the bursting of a bloodvessel in the lungs some years ago. Mr. Newman, who was only 35 years of age, leaves a widow and five children, and several brothers, the eldest of whom is the Rev. C. T. Newman, President of the Wesleyan Conference. The Alleged Grounding of the Lis dobes Abbey.— Our Port Pirie correspon dent writes :— 'The barque Lindores Abbey was undoubtedly aground on the Eastern Shoal, Pilot Osborne's statement to the contrary notwithstanding. I have the testi mony of two pilots, one of whom sailed round the barque while aground, several captains, and the Marine Beard, who stated that the lighthouse-keeper reported her aground, to support my telegram of the 7th inst. If she was simply riding at anchor it is a singular circumstance that she wa3 not influenced either by wind or tide, and that she should heave to with a fair wind blowing.' Education of the BlevD.— An adjourned meeting of the committee appointed to take the preliminary steps for the formation of a Society to teach the blind to read in their Dwn homes was held on Friday afternoon at the Y.M.C.A. Booms to receive the report of the deputation appointed at a former meet ing to wait upon the committee of the In dustrial School for the Blind, asking them to include in their work the work contem plated by theestablishmentof the new Society. Mr. C. H. Gcode occupied the chair. Mr. M. H, Madge reported that the deputation had attended at North Adelaide, as re quested, and that the committee for the In dustrial School for the Blind had after care ful consideration agreed that it was advisable to make the teaching of the blind a branch ;-f their work as soon as funds permitted, and expressed the hope thai the benevolent public would liberally help in carrying out ihe work, by which means the afflicted might have not only the means of earning a living, but also be taught to read and write, and thus relieve the monotony of their lives. Pokt Adelaide L Company. — The mnual meeting of the Bifle Club in connec :ion with the Port Adelaide L Company, Adelaide Eifles, was held in the Orderly room of the Company, Commercial-road, Port Adelaide, on Thursday evening, Feb ruary 12. Colour- Sergeant Bainbridge pre sided, and there was a iair attendance. The Secretary (Corporal Kightly) read the balance-sheet, which showed a credit balance of £14 3s. lid. The following afficers were appointed : — President, Captain A. Martin: Vice-Presidents, Lieutenants Muecke and Daniels ; Treasurer, Colour Sergeant Bainbridge ; Secretary, LaneeCor poral Le Leu ; Committee, Corporal Kightly, Privates Kelly, Smith, Corcoran, and Bennett. Regret was expressed that so few Df the members of the Company joined the Ulub, and in order to induce men to join it n*a3 resolved to obtain trophies for the highest scores for the year in the four quar terly matches. It was also resolved to have a prize meeting during the present month. Port Adelaide Bicycle Club.— A meet ing was held in Fry's Eooms, Market Build ings, on Thursday evening, February 12, for the purpose of forming a Bicycle Club in Port Adelaide, Mr. J. T. Mitchell occupying the chair. A dozen members were enrolled. Mr. W. A. Box was unanimously elected Captain ; Mr. J. T. Mitchell, Vice-Captain ; and Mr. J. L. Lewis, Hon. Secretary j Presi dent, Mr. T. J. King, J.P. (Mayor) ; Vice Presidents, Messrs. D. Bower, M.P., W. E, Mattinson, M.P., A. W. Thompson, J.P., T. G. Smith, G. W. Dempster, and John Fletcher. The meeting then adjourned. Tkb Late Fatal Accident below Morgan. —The bodies of Archibald McCorvie and Walter Thomas Greene, who were drowned in the River Murray about eight miles below Morgan, were recovered on Thursday morn ing, and an inquest into the cause of the accident was held subsequently at the Terminus Hotel. From the evidence of Miss McCorvie. and Harry Palmer, who were pre sent -when the accident took place, it ap peared that McCorvie and his daughter were sleeping aboard the boat, and that early in the night the girl was awakened by water coining over her feet. She at once awakened her father, and in a few seconds the steamer sunk from under them. Three men were occupied on shore, and one of them named Greene came to their assistance. He managed to place her on an iron tank, which had floated up, but whilst doing so he became much exhausted, and when he attempted to swim from the tank to the shore he went down. McCorvie was unable to sivim, and was carried by the current away from the shore. The Jury returned the following verdict :—' That Archibald McCorvie and Walter Thomas Greene were accidentally drowned; McCorvie by the sinking of the steamer Swallow, and Greene whilst endeavouring to save the life of Rachel McCorvie.''' Adelaide City Mission.— The monthly meeting of the Adelaide City Mission Com mittee was held on Wednesday, February 11, Mr. Adam Ad^mson, J.P., in the chair. The clerical Secretary (Rev. F. W. Cox) reported on his examination of the journals of the missionaries, selecting some case3 of mosfe affecting depravity and misery which had been met and dealt with, and some instances of most satisfactory reformation. The report of the hon. Treasurer showed that the balance against the mission was about £260, the receipts for the month having been very small, while the current expenses had to be met as usual. The com mittee felt that the state of the account was most discouraging, and must be promptly grappled -with. The Secre tary vra3 requested to write to the lady col lectors bespeaking their kind consideration and early and earnest attempts to overtake the debt The Secretary reported that a great number of the circulars prepared at the instance of the Gommittee soliciting con tributions had been sent out, but only very slender response had as yet been received. Bbighton Jetty.— A special meeting of the Brighton Town Council wa3 held on Thursday, at which His Worship the Mayor, Conncillora Curnow, Atbearo, and Downing were present, to consider the jetty question, After some discussion it was moved by Councillor Athearn, seconded by Councillor Cx-mow, and carried—' ' That this Council post pone calling for tenders for ths erection of a jetty until the action of the Somerton rate rayers f or £? separation is decided on, as If senarated the Corporation would not be able tomorrow a sufficient amount on their rates to complete the work, and that the opinion of couBEelbe taken aa to the power of the Corporation to borrow money to erect the ietty outside the Corporation boundaries.' ; Presentation to Mb. S. L. Moody.— Consequent upon the retirement of Mr. S. L. Moody from the position of Major the non-commissioned officers and gunners of A Battery, with which Mr. Moody had been connected for eighteen years, determined to present him with a handsome token of their admiration and esteem. Joining the force in A-cg-ast, 1S66, a3 gunner, Mr. Moody passed through. eJI the grades, and was eventually promoted to the rank of Major of the battery in which he had Eerved for so long a period. It was decided that the testimonial should take the form of a handsomely framed and illuminated address, supplemented by a^ memorial photographic group of artistic and somewhat novel design, representing the sergeants, gunners, and the eight guns belonging to' the battery in eight separate groups, a separate photo graph being also given of each sergeant. The memorial group is the joint work of Messrs. George & Walton, photographers, and Mr. H. J. Woodhouse, artist. The eight groups of guns and gunners are placed on each side, four to the right and four to the left, while the sergeants also appear separately in between. The memorial has the motto 'Honor fidelitatis prcemium' placed above the groups, and the following in scription below: — 'Presented to S. L. Moody, late Major A Battery Artillery, by the non-commissioned ofneers and gunners, as ? a mark of their esteem.' The address was also very tastefully decorated with designs of Australian flower3, flags, and guns by the artist already named. It referred in com plimentary terms to the service performed by Mr. Moody while a member of the battery, and alluded to the parb he had taken in establishing aa Emergency Fund forl the assistance of distressed members a3 an evidence of the practical sympathy he felt with the men under his command. The presentation took place at the Military Club on Friday evening, in the presence of a large number of members of the battery. Among those present were Major Lee, of the Infantry force, and Sergeant-Major Biggs, the latter of whom had been in the force for thirty years. Brigads Sergeant-Major Perry presided, and in making the presentation referred in eulogistic terms to the services rendered by their late Major. They received the news of hi3 retirement with very great regret, and they felt they could not let him leave without making him some recognition of his past services. He had pleasure in presenting him with the address and memorial group. In thanking them for their warm and kind-hearted reception Mr. Moody said he felt he bad the love, esteem, and sympathy of his noncommis sioned officers and men. This was all to him and all he desired to have. He should always treasure fche -memorial, in which his comrades were so faithfully depicted. He was glad to think that the battery he had had charge of had achieved so much success, but he would not take all the honour to him self, since the men deserved at least as much aa he did. Alter he had had the oversight or the battery ten months he had been ex tremely pleased at receiving a letter from the Commandant, who was generally very sparse in his praises, in which he stated that he had gone very carefully into the report sent in by him self (the speaker) of the annual competition, and he was very pleased to be able to say that the efficiency of the battery was a great credit, not only to himself as com mander, but to the non-commissioned officers and to every member of the battery. He thanked them once more for the very handsome testimony they had given him of their esteem. * Major Lee having also expressed his friendly feel ing towards the recipient of the presenta tion, some toasts, songs, and recitations were given, Mr. Moody in particular distinguish ing himself by reciting in a very dramatic style Mrs. Hemans's spirited description of how Bernardo found his sire. The proceed ings terminated at a late hour. Physiognomy of Intemperance.— In the Y.M.G.A. Hall on Friday evening, February 13, Professor Gilbert delivered another of the series of lectures under the auspices of the Temperance League and Band of Hope Union on the ' Physiognomy of Intemperance and Crime.' There was a very large attendance, and His Worship the Mayor of Adelaide pre sided. The lecturer, having explained the meaning of physiognomy as applied to man kind, detailed the action of alcohol on the stomach. The distribution of the nerves throughout the body was next dealt with, and their complicated character was pointed out. All ailments were either caused through impuriiies of the blood or some derangement of the nervous system. Both these were caused by the use of alcohol, lung disease especially being one of the outcomes of intemperance. The lecturer here explained that he considered any use of alcohol, in however small quanti ties, as intemperance, and said it should noS be taken in moderation any more than any other poison. Alcohol was a most poteat brain poison, and roused man's baser pas sions. The quantity of drink which would have no effect on one man would render another a maniac, and how could anybody define the amount of alcoholic liquor which would constitute a moderate drinker,? A number of sketches of the faces of criminals were then shown by the lecturer, who said if persons wanted good faces they must live good lives. He referred to the amount of criminality (some Judge3 said nine-tenths) which was directly traceable to alcohol. The lecturer interspersed his discourse, which lasted about two hours, with a number of interesting and amusing anecdotes. He concluded with a eulogy of the English language and race, and expressed ahope that all who speak the Englishlanguage would combine in an offensive and defen sive alliance, and they would then form an alliance which would lead the world. A vote of thanks was cordially given to Pro fessor Gilbert by the audience on the motion ofthe Chairman. _The Commercial Wharf, Port Adelaide. —We understand that the Directors of the Commercial Wharf Company have accepted a tender by Mr. Jacobsen, who has had a large experience in deepening operations, to dredge the 100-ft. frontage to the wharf to a 'depth required for the accommodation of ocean steamships visit ing Port Adelaide. The contract price is £2,365 for deepening 60 feet x 500 feet to a depth, of 24 feet at low water springs, and 40 feet x 500 feet to a depth of 22 feet at low water springs. The work will be commenced in a fortnight, and will be done with steajn barges. The contract will afford employ ment to from twelve to twenty men for at least six months. Early - closing Association. — A com mittee [meeting of the Early-closing Associa tion was held at the office of the Secretary, Mr. W. G. Coombs, on Thursday evening. Mr. Morgan occupied the chair. The Secre tary reported having received letters from the Painters' Society, United Builders' Labourers' Society, and other branches ofthe eight- hours movement, pledging the mem bers to do all in their power t-o assist the Association and to shop before 6 o'clock on Saturdays, as they as well as others are beginning to realize that the social and domestic necessities of the public do not require that the shops be kept open later on Saturday than the hour specified. Great regret was expressed that Mr. Muller, the Chairman of Committees, had resigned his office on account of leaving the drapery trade. Mr. Doyle was elected to fill the vacancy. Thz .Botanic Gardes'.— Dr. Schomburgk has received a despatch from the Colonial Secretary containing an extract from a letter addressed by the Director of Kew Gardens to Earl Derby, in which Sir Joseph Hooker alludes to the great importance of instituting local herbaria in connection vritib the various colonial botanic gardens. 'Without an institution of this kind,' writes the eminent Director, 'we are burdened with the task of -naming and identifying for our correspon dents year after year the same plants. The preservation at each botanical centre of ac curately named types of th e vegetation of their respective countries obviates this tax and sensibly relieves our overburdened correspon dence. It becomes easy to sift out on the spot from collections the new and undeter mined specimens5 which our staff can then examine and report upon with expedition. It is very important that such a permanent collection should be protected from the ravages of insectej and it may be useful to give the composition of the fluid in use at Kew for the purpose :— Methylated spirit, 1 gallon; corrosive sublimate, -| lb.; car bolic acid, I lb. With this the specimens are brushed over once for all after they are mounted.' As we have only recently ob served, Dr. Schomburgk takes great pride in his herbarium, in ?which ia contained a large and well-arranged collection of dried plants. The latest specimen added is a fine leaf of the VietoriaRfigina,orEegia as it is generally called, which has been aounted in such a way as to show to their best advantage the extraordinary ribs of this -wonderful plant. In a return recently furnished to the Queens land Parliament relative to the scientific and industrial botanical institutions of the colony, Mr. L. A. Bernays, F.L.S., F.R.G.S., also alludes to the importance of illustrative herbaria and musecms of economic botany for the purpose of creating and fostering new industries, and inciden tally pays a high compliment to Dr. Schom burgk by citing this colony from among all others in Australia a3 having set a notable example in this direction. In briefly stating the true aims of a Metropolitan Botanic Garden, Mr. Bernays says it must partake largely of the character of an educa tional institution, its ornamentation being an incident rather than a leading feature. It should teach not only the names but the classification of plants, and the student should be able readily to find those practisal illustrations without which a sound knowledge of the science of botany is impossible and its study dry and unprofitable. The student in medi cine and the apprentice in many of the arts should be able to acqu^nt himself with the names andbabitats as .veil as with the appear ance of the hundreds of plants used in com merce for the manufacture of food, drugs, dyes, fibres, gum33 essences, &c.; That Mr. Bernaya' view of the true aims of a botanic c;ardsn has been amply carried out in this colony no one who has paid a visit to Dr. Schomburgk's domain need have any doubt. Two Magistrates at Fault.— At the Supreme Court on Friday, February 13, Mr. Justice Bundey discharged from custody a prisoner named Henry Thomas Webb, who was convicted on January 2 at Quorn, by Messrs. John White and James Mansom, J.P.'s, on a charge of forging a cheque for 25s., and sentenced to three months' impri sonment with hard labour. The Magistrates had been advised by the solicitor for the pro secution, and also by the Clerk of the Court, that they had power to convict under the Minor Offences Act, and the prisoner pleaded guilty and elected to be tried by them. His Honor pointed out that they had acted without jurisdiction, and expressed surprise at the want of knowledge of the provisions of criminal law displayed by the prosecuting solicitor and the Clerk of the Police Court. Road to Unley,— For some time the members of the Unley Corporation have been greatly exercised about the discredit able state of the road just south of Soutii terrace, at the place formerly occu pied by the Gienelg Railway Company's sheds. At present, to get to Unley West it is shorter to go by way of the King William road ; but at South-terrace the road makes a curve to the ea3t. The place where the Gienelg Railway Company's sheds were is in a direct line with King William-sfcreet, but although a road and footpaths are designed, and the shedB were removed for the avowed purpose of enabling the street to be carried in a direct line to Unley, nothing has been done, and the only portion of the road at all formed is about 10 feet, the track of the Hyde Park tram line. The remaining portion of the road is composed of large stones and small hillocks, and the prospect is by no means a pleasing one. The Unley Council are anxious that one of the feeders of their town should pre sent a pleasing prospect and be of some use for vehicle traffic. Th3y have therefore sug gested to the City Council that the road should be carried in a straight lins, and the present road be thrown into the Park Lands. Recognising that to construct the whole width of the road for twenty chains will be a, very costly work, they have asked the Adelaide Corporation Jto level the road between the tramline and the footpath on the western side, and make about fourteen feet of road way on the eastern side of the tramline. For this purpose they asked the City Council to visit the place and see for them selves the necessity for the work. Accor dingly the members of the City Council on Friday afternoon met the Mayor of Unley, Councillors Bruce, Scott, and Hubble, and visited the place. It was found to be in a very bad 'state, and although fears were expressed that the cost would prevent the whole work being done this year, the Sur veyor was instructed to prepare a report of the probable cost of levelling and making the fourteen feet, and a further estimate of the cost of making the whole road, and submit the same to the next meeting of the Council. Fire at .Beefacees.— On Friday evening, at a few .minutes aftsr S o'clock, a fire was observed at the side of the Main North Eastern-road, about a mile past the O.G. Hotel. It started on the eastern side of oae of [the Beefacres estate paddocks. This paddock had been kept for summer grazing purposes, and the gras3 was in some place3 considerably over a foot high. A strong westerly wind was blowing, and the fire in a very short time had got a hold on the grass. In twenty minutes the whole paddock, which was about ona and a quarter miles across, was cleared. About 200 persons turned out and prevented it from spread ing to the other paddocks. It was stopped about a quarter of a mile from the Yatala Labour Prison. No sooner had the first fire been extinguished than another started about three cailea further on towards Modbury on the same estate, and shortly after a third was discovered about half a mile away from the Becond. These fires were soon extinguished, but it is estimated that Hart Brothers have lost over 1,000 acres of grass. The origin of the fire is unknown, but the fact of three following each other so closely, and starting on the side of the estate from which a strong wind was blowing, seems to indicate that they were the work of an incendiary. Release of Poweb.— Henry Power, the bushranger, was released from Pentridge Gaol yesterday morning, after undergoing a sentence of fifteen years' imprisonment for highway robbery (observes the Daily Tele graph of February 10). It is many years ago since Power first came into col lision with the law, and his subse quent escapades were as daring in character as any in the annals of Victorian bushranging. In 1868, whilst serving a sentence of ten years in Pentridge for shooting at troopers, Power succeeded in escaping, and soon after he com menced that series of bold acts, which were only cheeked when in June, 1870, he was captured while asleep in a mia mia by Superintendents Hare and Kicolson and Sergeant Montfort. He then received the sentences he has just finhhed, and during a considerable portion of his incarceration he was a patient in the gaol hospital, but after wards rallied, and is now in robust healttt, albeit with hair tinged with grey. Power, ?who has the consolation of never having taken life, will probably accept the assistance of some. friends who have offered to provide for him. Crusaders' Hall.— The Saturday night free concerts will be continued in the Crusaders' Hall to-night. The Rev. E. Mastennan will preside. The Rev. A. Turnbull will deliver an address on General Gordon on Sunday evening in the same hall. Riveb Levels.— The following was the state of the rivers at fche undermentioned places at 9 a.m. on Friday, February 13: — Gundagai, 3 ft. 8 in,; 'Wagga 'Wagga, 3 ft, 7 in. ; Hay, 6 ft. ; Balranald, 10 ft.; Mamoi, Barwon, Walgett, Erewarrina, Bourke, Louth, and Tups, low; Wilcaimia, 9 ft.; Menindie, 16 it. 3 in.; Poonearie, 17 ft. 3 in.; Wentworth, 6 ft. 2 in. ; Albury, 20 in. ; Wahgnnyab, 1 it. 6 ia. ; Echuca, 1 ft. 7 in.; Swan Hill, 2 ft; Eustoa, 3 ft. 7 in. ; Over and Comer. 1 ft. 3 ia Port Pirie Espoets.— Tbe following are the toreign exports from Port Pirie for the week— 194.973 bushels wheat; value, £34,918. Tptal value of foreign exports since January 1, 1885, to February 11, £151,593. Holdfast Bay Yacht Clttb.— The above Club's races begin to-day at 3 p.m. Oval Cricket.— Oa tha Adelaide Oval to-day the Norwoods meet the North Ade laides and the Hindmarsh. the South Ade laides, _ 