(£rximb0. Cooler. Fire King. Fire and flood. Red Stockings, Danishes. £20,0001 College Park sale-. ! Fire still smoking. More Speech Dayff. i Clearance of rookeries^ Grand blaze last night. ^ A young lady Bachelor. Some old identities gone; Fire brings out the roughs. One nnisance less in the city. Glenelg Grammar School to-day* Prince Alfred Colleae Spccch Day. Patawalonga proves it's going ahead. Clerks' Association meeting to-night. All the world and his wife at the fire. FloodB in the North; fires in the city. Lord Carington turned Cabinet- maker, No stoppage to Burford & Sons' business. The Woodman Inn had a narrow escape. Silver coinage in America to be suspended* A great gathering at Port Pule to-morrow. Another blow to the Insurance Companies. It was a case of rally up, Norwoods, yesterday. Mail steamer Massilia be here on Saturday. Is it true that earthly light can eclipse the •un? P. & O. Company jmt had a new steamer built. That Largs Bay angler had> narrow squeak of it. Fire purifies gold and Bilver, and other metals. New South Wales Ministry thrown up the sponge. The detective eye is still upon the defaulters. Port Pirie Institute to be opened tomorrow. Mr. Pybus and his pupils at Albert Hall to-night. Hindmarsh Volunteer Fire Brigade meets to-night. More about that baby-farming case this afternoon. An inch of rain in an hour at Terowie yesterday. Reported that one of the bolters is in the Transvaal. Train fiom Nairne to Murray Bridge on Boxing Day. One of the private schools has its speechday at night! Philharmonic Society give two concerts at Chris tmastide. lAst week's loss by emigration over immigration was 54. The great heat kept the crowd back better than the police. Sir Peter Scratchley's funeral yesterday largely attended. Lord Carington will soon know something of crisis-mongering. Mrs. Howell got £1,300 damages for the IOBS of her husband. Several amateur firemen received their first baptism of fire. Beachport has had a sad boating accident; old man lost bis life. An able and scholarly address from Professor Kelly yesterday. Prince Alexander insists that Servians •hall evacuate Widdin. Any one going to help those who are burntout of house and home? Nammy, the murderer of Houschildt, has been sentenced to death. Little Chancellor quite gushing yesterday to his first lady Bachelor. Matriculation is not a test of knowledge or a hall-mark of omniscience. A few dams and reservoirs were replenished by that storm of rain yesterday. Will those soap manufacturers be good enough to clear out of town now? Nineteen parties dispatched after bunny since Vermin Repeal Act passed. That preliminary rumour of a big fire should be thoroughly enquired into. Sun rose at 4.44 a.m., sets at 7.9 p.«. Mora set at 1.9 a.m., rises at 2.9 p.m. Sir Patrick Jennings busy yesterday with phylloxera; quit of the insects to-day. An opportunity for the generous-hearted—* give the poor burnt-out people a little help. The Kaisar-I-Hind takes home Victoria's exhibits for Colonial and Indian Exhibition. Railway line between Walloway and Orroroo washed away; ants up a tree there 2 Hon, John Douglas seems to have a good show for the New Guinea CommiBsionership. Can't a ready means be found of extinguishing fires attacking resin, tallow, or oil? General Salter's first real baptism in South Australia last night — acquitted himself well. Air. Warburton succeeds the late Mr, Turnbull at the National Bank, Port Adelaide. OceanDock Company advertisingfor claims ; now's your time, ye Brooklyn grievance- ZBongerB. If there's a fire, give those room who are the extinguishers, and don't tread upon their water pipes. Central Board of Health recommended the declaration of Brisbane and Batavia as infected ports, 1,500 casks resin, 300 of tallow, 500 of pitch tallow, and 20 tons of oil went to make last night's blaze. If that roasted horse is kept a few days a special .Jury of retired waiters. will be wanted to sit upon it. Northern Territory residents anxious that Government should undertake construction Pine Creek Railway themselves. Why was the Adelaide University Commemoration like Noah's Ark? Because all the animals went in two by two. Captain Mitchell, Lieutenant Owen, and Mr. Justice Boucaut represented South Australia at Sir Peter Scratchley's funeral. New South Wales finances gone to the leeward three millions sterling since the Stuart and Dibbs Ministries held office. . The army of girls under 20 who are writing novels or want to get manuscript printed would almost outnumber the communicants- of churches. A literary man, who was asked to furnish a Shakspearian motto to be framed and hung up over a restaurant, suggested the words— "As you like it." He who lacks wit, nor cares to bave it known, Should have tbe wit to wisely dine alone; So may he hide his unaccomplished store. And 'scape the rank of an accomplished bore. —Joseph Whitton. The late Mr. Under-Sheriff Layton, of London, whose will was lately proved, desired among other things that he shonld be buried "withoutany hired grief." . As it is with our physical health, BO it is wttfr our mental troubles—that wMch ails usibrthe moment seems, while «4.-lasts, to be the most serious calamity that dan befall us. , It was under James I. of England that the turf was first fully developed, with rules and regulations, and Newmarket became a royal abode and the head-quarters of the spoit. Love seizes on UB suddenly, without giving us time to reflect. Our disposition or our weakness favours the surprise. One look, one glance from the fair fixeB and determines us. Some people speak as if hypocrites were confined to religion; but they are everywhere ; people pretending to wealth when they have not a sixpence, assuming knowledge of which they are ignorant, shamming a culture they are far removed from, adopting opinions they do not hold. 