Notice to the Public.—Please to note my time of Publishing is 9 a.m. every Friday. A party consisting of a man named Johnson, an other man, and Johnson's son, attempted to sail from Ross Creek to the Quarantine Station, Cleveland Bay, when the boat was suddenly struck by a squall. Johnson {pere) the only one of the three who could manage the boat, fell overboard, and the others were incapable of either rendering him any assistance or finding their own way ashore. Johnson was drowned, while his son and companion drifted helplessly about the bay, until the boat struck ground, when they waded ashore. I hear that an enquiry will be held, when it is anticipated that further particulars will come to light. - The Platypus does not appear to be giving satisfac tion at Cooktown. Says the Coohtovon Independent:— The Platypus is not fulfilling the pretentious .promises of the Government and her duplicate captains. We hope she will soon make a better show. The Townsville Ice Company, having got through a variety of vicissitudes, has been wound-up. Per haps it is just as well for the local thirsty souls to know they can't depend upon ice, and, after all, it was generally in the hottest weather that there was no ice, because there was no ammonia, or no secretary, or no something. Secretaries and ammonia were never simultaneously obtainable, so Townsville's ice has, in the meantime, melted away. Avoid unnecessary repetition. Wouldn't this" advertisement pOFND SALE.—A sale of POUND HORSES •*- will he held at the Pound Yards on Tuesday next, 19th May, 1885, at 12 o'clock sharp. \- * /ITT A CS TV5 A XT read far more euphoniously this way ? "VTOTE SALE.—A sale of TWENTY SHILLING M. Downing, an unprotected female " (as I pre sume from part of her letter) writes to the Warwick Argus, and says that a man first accosted her and claimed her house in Grafton-street as his property, while she was flocking it up, and afterwards seized her horse by the bridle endangering her life thereby, and demanded 10s. before he would let go. She gave him in charge, and on subsequently appearing to prosecute, was informed that " as the man had used no obscene language, and as no casualty had occurred, there was no case for the Court." There is. surely some misunderstanding or something wrong in Warwick. For when was there a case, if not for the Court? *' St. George is to be congratulated. Four youths were brought up for amusing themselves by throw ing brick on the iron roof of a boarding-house, and the St. George Standard says " That was the first phase of larrikinism that lias yet appeared in St. George." Although the freak indulged in could scarcely have amused these youth very, much, and must have caused serious annoyance to others, yet, in mere self gratutation, and in view of the conduct of Charlie Stewart, who took all the blame upon himself, it is to be presumed that the St. Georgeites will be satisfied with the magisterial decision, to fine Charlie 2s. 6d. and 3s, 6d. costs, and discharge the other three, all being duly cautioned. Find some more fruitful source of fun, Charlie, and let your town keep up its good name. Isn't this a subtle goak :— IlSr consequence of the impending WAR, Prices have risen 100 per cent. L. Z, does not intend to take advantage of the rise, and is. still selling at his usual low prices. Perhaps not of that particular rise, " L.Z.," but how about the rise you are taking out of the reader? You might take advantage of that. Mobey, P.M. at Townsville, with the dignified decision which appertains to his magisterial position, CHAS. EGAN, Poundkeeper. properly refuses to be biassed by letters addressed to him on the subject of certain cases, prior to those cases being heard. Morey is quite right so far, and he would, perhaps, have been more right had neither the press, nor anybody else, known of the existence of the letter in question. Blacks are very troublesome at Aramac, continu ally committing petty thefts at the local hotels and stores. The epoil they generally " go for " ia grog of various descriptions, they are not at all particular which. They occasionally get ca.ught in the act, and are sentenced to a term in the lock-up, which, per haps, suits them admirably, when they are too lazy to look for Bnakes and 'possums. They would be more advantageously disposed of if sent out of the town ship altogether, and compelled to live in their own camps. The Sindale estate, Lower Burdekin, has been sold by public auction by Le T. Hubert, W. D. CaBey being the purchaser. The estate consists of 1200 acres of land, with improvements, and the price obtained was <£1620. Captain Peknefather, P.M. at Ingham, has visited the adjacent tin-mines, and reports favourably of them. No new lodes have been discovered, and the "diggings" may be described as those of the poor man, but would still do Ingham considerable good, provided the Divisional Board bestir itself to get the necessary road made. Ingham is one of the townships that suffered severely by the decline of the sugar industry, more especially by the misfortunes of such places as the Victoria Plantation, four miles away. And there is no saying what other antics Mac. might have performed in the four minutes and twenty-two seconds he had to the good. Did we all utilise our time thus, how much happier and wiser we might be ? The Thargomindah Herald has a correspondent styling himself "A Visitor," who has excited the ire of a correspondent to the Charleville Times, by accusing him of " misrepresenting facts regarding police affairs and other things in Adavale." The latter warns "A Visitor" that he is treading on dangerous ground, and that he will challenge him in due course. "Wars, tumults, and reovlutions." It is good to know that inanimate objects are less forgetful, in some instances, than human beings are. Says a contemporary, winding up a paragraph, on the alleged idvention of Beach's winning machine and the departure of Hanlan. Mrs. Hanlan has also been handsomely remembered by presents of splendid jewellery. How flattered must Mrs. H. feel, and how her objec tions to migrate should now vanish, when the very gold and silver of the colonies have her in mind. How little we think of the flight of time, and our inglorious waste of it ? How many precious hours are wasted in fruitless argument on the timber getters and the black labor question, which might be employed thus Last Saurday, says Bell's life, a pedestrian named M'Kenzie was credited with accomplishing the following feats at the Black Arms Inn, Seghill, within an hour, viz.Walking1 4| miles, picking up 20 stones a yard apart, walking backwards 100 yards, wheeling a barrow 100 yards, carry a 71b weight in each hand 100 yards, carrying a 301b weight on his back 100 sards, picking up 10 potatoes one yard apart with his mouth, hopping 100 yards, carrying an egg in a teaspoon 100 yards, jumping in a sack 100 yards, running 100 yards, rolling a barrel 100 yards, and drinking a gill df ale through a pipeshank. The walking occupied 34min. 20secs., the stone picking 3min. walk* ing backwards 28secs.f the hopping 40secs., the egg and ladel performance 50secs., and the whole 13 were accomplished in 55min. 38secs., Mr. John Nutler, of Seghill, is responsible for the time. Advance Townsville! During the past few months several large brick edifices have been erected in Flinders-street, and now it is stated on good authority that one of the largest shipping and importing firms is about to substitute their present little pokey wooden building for a large and handsome two-storey one in brick. At Maryborough they have the blessed sight of no fewer than five carts hawking fresh fish before break fast. " Oh! the pity of it" that Brisbane couldn't have the same number of wheelbarrows performing a like desirable service. The usual animal tucker is getting wearisome in its monotony, and our brains sadly want phosporizing. The Townsville Literary and Social Club is going ahead, and no doubt will continue to do so so long as Geordie Smith, who is blessed wi' the gift o' the gab, is one of the leading members. Up North an anti-Separation meeting was called, but turned out to be a Separation meeting before it was over, nearly all the Anti's having left the hall.' The assertion oomes to mo from Townsvillo, but I discard it ^ith seom and oontumely, in faot, I out it off without the oustomary shilling, that " Joe, the bellman," of Townsville, has been gasetted by the present warlike Government (aided and abetted by Lieut.-Col. Blaxland) with a " regulation helmet.' That would be a small oiroumstanoe in itself, but the horror deepens on being told that the helmet bears, on its nether faoo (now, who in the solemn name of Russia! ever heard of a " nether faoe f) the portrait of no less a personage than the enterprising Towns ville " old olo'" man who furnished the looal warriors with other " regulation helmets.1* It is understood in Townsville that Joe is about to let himself out on hire to carry portraits of business men, so muoh an inoh eaoh insertion, on the fleshy part of his anatomy* As I have already hinted, I repudiate these assertions as unbelievable (that's a good word) soandals. A ma.n named Batten oalled at Conulpie Downs Station in search of work, and camped, rolled in his blankets, He was awoke by a oat, and immediately after saw a snake close to him, whioh he killed. Feeling a Blight pain in his foot, he oonoluded he had been soratohed by the oat, and thought no more of the matter. He never will, now, for he shortly afterwards died, and tour punotures were found on his foot, showing symptoms of snake-bite. The poor fellow didn't know he was avenging his own dixUh, token M killed the snake whioh was of the whip species. The Mayor ha& notified that vehicular traffio will be suspended at the principal crossing plaoes, between 8.30 and 10.30 on the Queen's Birthday. It is proposed to form an Ambulaoe Sooiety in Queens* land, on the same lines as the "St. John'8 Ambulance Association, England," whose members have saved so many lives in oases or aooident, and in the absence of doctors, by knowing how to make a temporary toraiquet, dress broken limbs, and revive suspended animation, in various oases. The idea is an admir able one, as many victims of accidents suffer unneces sary torture, and often death, through the laok of knowledge on the part of bystanders, whioh might easily be acquired and utilised. Lo! behold another separation difficulty.' Verily their name is legion. This one oonsists in the ques tion—Shall women sign the petition anentthe project which is to be presented to Her Majesty P The league is afraid to express any opinion on the subject, as the female portion of its members* families will make it hot for the males, should the latter go' against it. Should the lsague approve of the idea, it will have so many names to reoord that it will have to charter a special B.I.S.M. Oo.*& boat to take the petition to England. Why isn't the whole matter referred to the bachelor, Jaok Marshall P He being proof against female blandishments, would surely be a neutral party able to advisethem. A hint to revenue offioers. If a few of these gentry would only soour round west, disguised as swagmen, they'd learn more in a month than they would find out in seven years in the big ooast towns*. A man has been reoently amusing himself by run ning about naked in the evenings at Warwick, and frightening ladies and others. It is strange that no able-bodied inhabitant ever happened to take him for a kangaroo or any other more decent animal than himself, and treat him aooordingly. At all events, he has been arrested at last, and sentenoed to one month for vagranoy. Thb coming name for hats, soarves, waltzes, hotels, bouquet-holders, spouting, bioyoles, collars, restaurants, gloves, racehorses, roses (variety) patent medicines, and valuable estates {—Contingent I Considerable vexation and delay are caused to ship-masters and passengers in the Mary River by the absence of leading lights. Steamers get slightly out of their course, and ground, whereby sometimes a whole tide is lost. Travellers to Soma by rail must not be alarmed when, alighting at the station, they find their swags rushod by determined-looking men who bustle them along and shout,"This way, matey." These men are not garottors, but only rival publioans doing their own touting. servants, and the absenoe of a looal immigration dep6fc» The Mhw suggests the advisability of obtain ing either Danish servants, or Anglo-Indian ones, remarking that the latter have been tried in Victoria, with Batisfaotory results. Rookhampton is troubled with an extra allowance of sharpers and loafers, who do a little in the garot ting and burgling occasionally in an amateur way* 