r; . tfjSJFS, OF TBE ? BAY. t" 'THB' namés'óf the new Ministry were announced 'yesterday, rind will be found in anofhor column. Tho jMim^tors, with the exception of Sir Patrick Jennings, .whohad not returned to town, were sworn io .during ?tl'i'o,afternoon, and Parliament was dissolved. The -writs for: the new elections will probably be issued .to-day. It is believed that the elections will bo arranged 'hi'four divisions ; that tho whole of the city and suburban elections will take place in ono day, and that ;the. elections in tile country will be grouped in three other lots. '- Tho date of nomination for. the city and suburban 'élections1 is stated to be tho 13th instant, and tho date 'of : polling the 16th instant. 'J, IN. tin address to tho electors of St. Leonards, which appears elsewhere, Mr.' Dibbs declares briefly the inten- sions of ;th'e new Ministry. After announcing that the proposed measures and fiscal policy of tho late Government, will be adopted and continued by tho present Ministry, Mr. Dibbs goos on to say:-"The 3?ublic Health Bill, tho Local Government Bill, and the Noxious Trades Bill will bo submitted for tho considera- tion of the new-Parliament. Wo shall without delay proceed with au amendment of the patent laws, so as to encourage tho genius and protect tho rights of persons: who by thoir skill in tho inventivo artB become th.b benefactors of mankind. We shall also propose an amendment of tho Civil Service Act, so as to do justice to officers who by long and faithful services aro entitled to., a recognition which they have not yet attained, through an unintentional oversight in tho present Act Railways will be pushed to their completion as rapidly as .possible, and tho long-projected city railway to the Circular Quay Svill bo commenced at an carly date. Qn the two great questions of the day- education and taxation-which from their importance constitute a great national policy, our views are ia accord with those oti tho late Admuiistration. ^ainelï. a firm main tcnanco of the Public Sohopls Act, and an .unflinching i adierence'to'the;grand-principles bf 'freo trade."' ' MR. ABsoTT.tbenowSecretaryforLands.in liisaddresa toithe electora of Gunnedah, which is published to-day ! in our advertising columns, announces Hs/intention of ¡ making a, radical chango in tho administration of the department over 'which he presides., " I shall, in the [ first place,'-' ho says, " discourage the performance of any i business in connection with tho"department by means of tho intervention of land agents arid otliers seoking ' pecuniary rewards for scrvicW rendered in interviewing ' tho,.officers pf the department Those personally and directly'interested in tho transaction of public businesB will obtain all necessary information as to their tranB I actions with tho Goverrimontfrom its own officers ; and I the system by which it has boen attempted to stimulate j tlio activity of these officers, or to affect tlieir discretion, will be at onco ' put an end to. Those large: sums of . money which have been demanded by professional agents I for services alleged to have been rendered will no longer be required to be paid. By these . means ono pf tho most fruitful sources of abuse m the lariat administra- tion will bo immediatoly closed. I shall also take care that, excopt with regard to -matters in which their own constituents are interested, no peculiar and, exceptional facilities of communication with the ordinary working of. tho Lands Department will.', be afforded to members of. tho - Legislature." Mr. Abbott ; makes tho further announcement that ."in the resumed'areas all reserves not really required for travelling stock, for access to ¡ water, and for tho preservation of timber, will bo revoked I without dclay.|', . ?..'.':'! ': ' ' I Sin JomTltoBEBTSos arrived in> town, from his residence at Watson's ' Bay, yesterday , morning, ap- parently in much iiuprbvod healtb,:and took up his quarters at tho Kef ona Olub.'^ He! was received, by a number of friends, who offered their hearty congratula- tions lipon his improved appearance ;and the,prospect of his being, able, to. ,resumo his'public duties/ Tn tho afternoon about 25 members of tho Legislative Assem- bly,^ comprising, for ;fho most part members of the Opposition,- waifed ripon him and had a conversation ?with him on-the political situation.and tho prospects of tho' general election., .'lt was arranged'that an'organised meeting should bo hold at noon to-day. Among those whovisited Sir John Robertson were.Sir Henry Parkes, Mr! J. P. Burns,-Mr. Wisdom, Mr. A.'Cameron, Mr. ' J. Pletcher/ Mr. Ii. B; Smith, and Mr.- Burdokin. , \- TUB sittings of theilntercoloniai Tradqs Union/Con- gress wore resumed at the Town Hall yesterday morning. Aftor some forinal: business had been; disposed of,' Mr. Thomas Caddy,'the-president, delivered!: his, inaugural address.' Mr. Caddy urged upon'his: hearers' the desirableness of trades unions, of all' the colonies federating for a , common, good, of /the abolition of State immigration, and of 'insisting upon tho righteous application' of capital He also, pointed but how, cssontial ??. it" waa that - commodious - and well-ventilated rooms' should bo /provided.' for the people, to work 'iii, arid that a Health ;Bill should be introduced that the dwellings of tlieir workpeople might bo. ma'de tho more suitable for them to live in. / The remainder of tho sitting was devoted to a discussion upon -tho following,- motion:-" That the tinio' has arrived when a judicious and-dis'cririunating protective tariff should be introduced in New South Wales for the promotion of agriculture . and- tho encouragement '. of native industries." At 6 o'clock' tho debate wai ad- journed until half-past 0 o'clock thia morning! ;. AT the invitation of,tho Mayor, a riünibof'of repre- sentatives attending, tho intercolonial:,Trades Union Congress waited upon his-'Vv'orsliip at'liis rpom in. tlio -Town Hall yesterday. Mr. Playfair expressed tho pleasure lie felt at reeeivnig^ the'visit of delegates, from tho other colonies,-, and of ontertaniing thom. ».The health of the Mayor was drank with much cordiality.^ , Trm chiming of the quarter-hours hy tho.bells pf tho Town Hall clock so seriously interfered 'with, tho business of tho Intercolonial *Trades . ,Union Congress, which up to yesterday'at noon- was conducted in tho vestíbulo of the Town Hally that'it was found necessary* to obtain the use of another room for tho meetings of tho delegates. Just before the midday adjournment yesterday an announcement was mado that tho use of one of the rooms in the Protestant Hall had been ^secured, and some expression of pleasurowas indulged in at the prospect of relief from tho vexatious quarter- hour in; terruptionB caused by tho bells suddenly breaking out. On' the congress assembling at tho room allotted tb it in tho Protestant Hall, it was found, however, that one incon- venience had been exchanged for another. Tho now room was not so large, and the atmosphere was soon found to be more oppressive than that of tho vestibule. Tira dinner in connection with the eight hours de- monstration took placo at the Carrington Hall last night. Tho chair was ocsupied by Mr. K. H. Brown, and there waa a large attendance of representativo working men and also employers, and of candidates for Parliamentary honours. It was arranged that tho speeches should not . be of a political character, and those delivered, of w'hich there were several, had reference principally to tho bene- ficent influences of tho eight boura system of labour, the fostering of nativo industries, and the federating of tho trades unions of the various colonies, with the object ; of their, common advancement. An excellent carte was provided by Messrs. F. Eccles and Co., of Crown-street, ana á very pleasant evening was spent, tho arrangements for. tho onjoyment of all present being of , a carefully studied character. * .,, .<: ! IN tho statement published yesterday respecting tho use of barbed wiro for fencing purposes on tho railways of the colony, a typographical error, represented the'cost of wooden fencing as £780, instead of £280, per mile. ' THE meeting of tho committee of the New -South Wales Patriotic Fund, which was to hayo been held at 'tho . Town?'.Hall . yesterday afternoon, lapsed' for want ,of, a ,:-quorum. . The members present were] Mr. W. A. Hutchinson, M.L.A., Mr. James lt. Fairfax,' and Mr. Pope. It has boen decided to call a meeting of the committee for Wednesday afternoon next,when ttiof 'reportof the executive committee wiU be, submitted,, and ]one. or two other matters of interest will be dealt . with. - MB. JAMES EDDINGTON JEFFEHIS, son of tho Bev. Dr. Jefferis, has just obtained his M:D. at tho Aberdeen University. He previously obtained his .M.B.C.S. at University Collogç, London,- whoro. ho , gained- ;tho . Liston gold medal for clinical surgery. We understand that'Mr. Jefferie intends visiting somo'of the principal medical schools in Europe before settling in'Now South Wales. ? : , ?? .-? ;; : A FULL meeting of the members of the Steamship Owners' Association of Australasia was held yesterday at tho offices, Bond-street, at which it was unanimously, resolved to resist tho demands of tho Newcastle wharf labourers for increased wages. Tho employers aro able \ to obtain plenty of labour in Newcastle at tho present rates. A^ tho Marino Board meeting yesterday, an in- quiry was hold into tho collision between 'the Mceindorry and Timor, which occurred near ! Miller's Point on Friday night last. Tho board,,¡found that tho pilot in chargo of the.'-Timor, ?..Mr. Christison, was to blame in not observing tho'21st -article of the steering and sailing rules, and summoned him to appear at tho, meoting to bo hold on.tho,12th instant to show cause why his license., as pilot ¡shpuld :not bo revoked or suspended. , ¡ '-.?/?? THE sittings of the Metropolitan Court of Quarter Sessions wero continued at Darlinghurst Courthouse yesterday before Judge Murray. The<. follqw-] ing sentences wero ? passed :- William Mor- risey and William Lewis, robbery with violence, four years on the roads; J. J. B. ; O'Grady, forgery and uttering, eighteen months' hard labour ; William Carroll, violent assault, twelve , months' hard labour; John Graham, robbery from tho person,.-five years' penal servitude Robert Spencer and Henry Mercer were remanded until the next sessions upon a oharge of burglary. Kate Lo Beau and Agnes Colman were set a liberty in connection with a charge of having abandoned au infant upon their entering in thoir own recognisances to appear when called upou. ' THB usual monthly meeting of tho Royal Sooiety took placo last evening. There was a fair attendance of members. The chair was occupied by Professor .Liversidge, F.R.S. Severarspccimeus of bamboos wore shown by Mr. Charles Moore, director of tho Botanical Gardens. Mr. J. Goff exhibited some interesting Danish flint weapons. A paper on "The Bingal of the North-west Himalaya," contributed by Dr. Brandis, of the Indian Forest Department, was read by Slr. Charles Moore, who supplemented tho reading of tho paper by some observations on bamboos. Votes of thanks -wero accorded to Dr. Brandis and Mr.' . 0. Moore. IN accordance with the. determination he formed at the commencement of his mayoralty -to make himself acquainted with the various charitable institutions of the city, the Mayor of Sydney yesterday visited St Joseph's Providence, which, .is- situated, in- Cumberland-street near Dawes " Point. ' ' His '" "Worship was' accompaniei by Mrs. Bailey (tho mayoress), Miss Playfair, andBove rat other ladies ; and by Aldermen J. D. Young - ant .Hart. Thovisitors.were:.received. by Sister. Beman (tho'lady .superior) and .by;the Rev. Fathers: Joly Murley, i.;. Salvador, .-? Kenny, and Bochettaz; ant wore '.shown ' over' the whole." of : tho . estab lishiriont . The children, "who , aro/81' in number, hac boen gathered in one of tho ' largest , rooms, and the} there sang a few songs and otherwise displayed tin advancoä thoy had made in education, and wound uj by singing'the'National Anthem. Tho childron an orphans, waifs, or représentatives' of wrecked lives, arie were it not.for the.kindly care the sisters in charge oi tho institution exercise over them, their lot in Hfewoulc .bo sad- in.:tho extreme...'' Their¡/present condition indi- cates that they are1'well clothed -arid woli fed, and'thej are certainly housed in' a'cleanly and comfortable way, thoir bedding-being; pf a showy hue and their dormitories bearing' evidence of being frequently and thoroughly scrubbed, out! .. They aro in charge of'five sisters, and in addition to' theni-there are a few infirm women in the place. Mr..Playfair, in a brief address, said:he'had always taken-ari' interest in the institution, and he. was very glad to -visit it now in his official capacity. It was a pity tho home was not inore, known amongst the public; for it was doing good work,; and deserved a largo'! measure of Bupport The behaviour of tho children was a convincing proof of the care of the sisters, for their \volfaro, and ho was' su.ro..they would always havo a kindly remembrance of;. thoBe Jadies. The children-were dismissed-to enjoy some delicaoies Which Mr; playfair had caused to bo.,pro- vided,, for them, , and .Father Murley then .thanked his "Worship for the honour ho had done to 'the institution byvisiting.it.- -.'- -, 't . ^ A 80MBWIUX "peculiar incident occurred in tho yard of the Courthouse at - Darlinghurst yesterday morning. The driver of a hansom cab, named Michael Dunn,; had just deposited a , fare- outside the door of tho - Court- house,'when his hórso suddenly jumped.aside'and threw him from the. seat The animal .thea bolted, but in- stead of going towards the gate ..by which . it.thad entered, .. it . .dashed ? off at . a - great pace, j and headed ' estraight ' for the Oxford-street gateway. ¡ Tho iron gates at the placo were closed - and tho horse crashed against them with tremendous force. ' The collision had tho effect of (to usó a nautical-phrase) [ of bringing . the animal up "all standing." It was at i once secured and prevented from doing 'further injury; I but Btrange- to 'relate it did not seem to be much hurt. Tho driver of tho vehicle was badly shaken. Had the I animal dashed into - tho 'crowd which was assembled [near the'open gateway'just-as-it took'fright, the consequences would doubtless have proved far moro j serious... . ?'?'., WHIMT; one of . the Balmain - fireengines ? was I geing to : a -supposed1 outbreak of fire at Callan: Park, ' last night, a fireman named'Robert Smith foll off the fore part;Pf tho ' carriage into the. roadway, and before tho vehiclo could be brought to a standstill tho wheels passed over his legB. He was considerably bruised and shaken,'but it is bolioyed that np . bones aro broken. Tho casualty happened in'front' of .' tho Callan ¡ Ptfrk Hotel...;/ ,';' V:,..: '' v;:!: !'-';'-;-'/'-' :.'-'.v^' TnE twenty-sixth ¡ annual meeting of the Tarramatta Volunteer Fire Brigade 'Noi 1 was held on "Wednesday evening, Captain'Menser presiding::, The report for the year stated that'there ¿ad. been'ho. serious' fires. - .'There weroV.only,,six'.alarms' iduring . the: ,12; months, but in two instances the- brigade- was "instrumental1 in preventing great destruction of property. There were 20 working members ón the roll, and the practices hu% been regular/ whilo tho 'çhginp and appliances wore in the best of 'order/. -The subscriptions during..thé'-early part of th'e.yerir showed a.slight faUing^oif. compared with the previous, year,.but : as the provieions of the Fire Brigades Act had been - extended to the borough, and there was every probability of tho brigado being en- rolled under^tho' board, there would bend further neces- sity^ for voluntary .contributions. - The election of officers; resulted,,as. follows:-Captain, L. Monsor ; superintendent, G-. De Saxe ; ' foreman,: W. 'Pratt; assistant foreman, H. Edwards ; treasurer, J.' Martin; secretary,, J. ' T..'Bridges ; engine-keeper, S.,, Rustin ; auditors, ,L. Mehier,] G. Do Saxe, and J. Martin. . After making final arrangements for the excursion on the 28th instant,.the meeting terminated. ?.': . 'AT'the'/fortnightly meeting, of ' tho , Parramatta Borough Council,, held. yesterday afternoon,, the. draft hill to, authorise the establishment > of public baths ¡< on the market grant, Parramatta North, was considered in committee, and after being, slightly amended was adopted.,,.A,resolution.,was.,also carried, asking tho member for the town to present, the; ; petition-, and to take charge of tho bill in tho Assembly, -J ? WE aro requested'to"direct attention to ,an advertiser ment in another cplunin, announcing, that an, exhibition and salo of cut flowers and pot planta , will be held on Saturday, next, at the .Fem Bay pavilion, inaid of the building ' fund ' of the now . church at . present ' being erected at Hunter's Hill. Arrangements haye been made with the proprietors of the Parramatta steamers to land passengers, at the Fern Bay wharf during tho currency of (tho show., . At about half-past 8 o'clock yesterday morning a labouring man named John Anderson met with a shock- ing death. He was engaged, with several others, in stacking-a pile of bags of bonedust at the Market-street Wharf, when one of the tiers of bags gave way and fell to the ground burying the unfortunate man. Willing hands instantly set to work and ex- tracted him, and he was at once conveyed to the Infirmary, but on examination by one of the medical- staff, life was pronounced to be extinct. The body was conveyed to the Circular Quay Morgue. The coroner has, been communicated with, and an inquest will be held this morning, at 9 o'clock,, at the Soudan Hotel George-street North. OUR readers may remember that some' 12 or 18 months'ago' Mr; T. D. M'Kay, agcntfqr tho Burlington railway route from San Francisco to Now York, paid a visit to theso colonies to promote tho interests of the company with which he was conneoted. Mr. M'Kay was. recently ? the recipient at ' San Francisco of a silver-mounted inkstand, of rare workmanship, from the: Hon. A1. Deakin, irrigation 'eomriiissioner ?from Victoria' to ! the ' 'United' States,1 and' Messrs. Cunningham , and- , Dow, J; representatives .of tho Argus and tho Age, in token, of the many, courtesies that :Mr.::MfKay bestowed upon them during -their, travels in tho States. " Tho two cups of the inkstand rest on a ba'so bf polished' mahogany, arid are made of eriiu'eggshells tinted green"'and mounted with solid silver. The caps aro surmounted by miniature Maoris of bronze. The'penrack is of solid silver, and repre- sents" a door's horns. ' On the baseboard is a small silver ?plátej on which is engraved: 'To T. D. M'Kay, from his three Australian friends.' " .Tho Argonaut arid the Wasp (Sân,"Frarièisco), in reporting tho 'presentation, give reasons for .thoo dark : suspicion that tho American oditor has not made a careful study of Australian men arid matters. Tho Hon. .James Service is alluded to as "Preriiier.of the Colonies," while Mr. Deakin is dubbed 'M.P. of London; England. ],The term Maori is also put to! n/new ' use' ;ia describing ,tho. primal landlord of 'Australia. . ; " ? .FROM fdes of Now Caledonia papers we oxtract tho fol- lowing :-The present condition of Now Caledonia is far from hopeful. Tho mines are closed, and the brooding .of cattle, which was once!one of tho most profitable occu- pations of the colony, has, through tho action of tho G-bvenunent with regard to the future contracts for tho prison, become no longer remunerative. Agriculture has not boen a Buccess, tho sugar plantations havo for the greater part been destroyed by the grasshopper, and 'with regard to such as huvo escaped, tho reduction in tho price bf sugar consequent upon tho introduction of beetroot sugar renders tho cultivation no longer proütable. The 32nd anniversary of the establishment of the colony has been celebrated "not very brilliantly," says L'Indépendant ; "but it ÍB the fault of cir- cumstances if all. is, not quite rose colour." 'Ibero wore sports, and in tho ovening a torchlight proces- sion nnd display of fireworks. On the 24th ultimo tho Director of tho Interior gave a banquet to the local authorities and naval and military officers, and. there was a grand reception at Government House. lt is proposed to cstublish a cadet cor^s iii tho. island in connection with tho public schools. Au appeal is.: being made to colonists in aid of a -national monu- ment . to tho memory of tho . lalo Admiral Courbet. Tho Nco Calédonien, in an article on tho disco ry of a now process by which potatoes con be so'treated as to resemble in colour and' flavour tho best truffles, remarks' that it is aware that Australian beer is dangerously adulterated. The Bruat has returned hum atrip to tho New Hébrides. An inquiry was hold by her into the circumstances attending tho murder of . a libero named Bixion in tho north of ¡.Mallicolo. Two. of tho principal assassins havebeen I'pointeu out to:the Commandant ? : . j ALONO the Austro-Russiuu frontier tho Russian I border guard has latolybeen so considerably increased j that the 'sentries are standing at 100 paces from ono I another. It; is stated that the objector! tho Russian I Government in . using so many sentinels is simply to j prevent . smuggling.1 As, however,: most of the men I employed'aro recruits, there have been'some unpleasant j incidents, such ris trespassing on Austrian territory and driving back Austrian subjects who were on their own I soil. The Austrp- Hungarian Government has. had to j complain, and the 'Russian Government has promised to ' prevent a recurrence of such irregularities. I ;. AN' advertisement in another column' announces that tho I prizes won at the Church of England Grammar ' School sports will ; bo ' presented to the winners by the Mayor ' on Friday afternoon next; in' tho SoliQolroorà, Church-hill, at 3 p.m. TUE following is the' order of musical service at St. Andrew's Cathodral this afternoon:-Magnificat, Monk in A;. !Nunc Dimittis, Monk in A. . 