1 ?? ? MML. .lRisH:'.'.CI¥I'LIZATIOlii::;^, ?o^EKdBE:/rE^1^^LOrN0B]SI^\ifflJAgipM|.-i ;His Grace, the Moat Bev.' Dr. Mdran, 'delivered a 1; leiarried.and most interesting lecttir(3: in 'aid of the ? 'Society of St.' Vincent de;Paul; at the .Exhibition * ; Building, Prince Alfred Park, on Monday evening. ; There was a large audience, and on the platform '?' :'tiHk f nllowinn' with Wtlior ftlnvinal anrl lav rrp.n+.ln '?? men occupied places : — Very Bey.- Dr. Sheridan!, :Very ; Bev. Dr. O'Haran; Very Bev. Dean ?;?'? McCarthy, Very Bev. Dean Mahony, Very Bey;. ;; Dean O'Brien, Very ; Bey. J; J. Carroll- Bevl ' .Father Pi Le Bennetel, 'S.M; '; Bev. Father Coue; ; S:M.; Eev. Father Piquet, S.M. ; Bev. Father '??? Tranquilline, Bev. Father Moynagh, Bev. Father Ginisty, S.M. ; Eev. Father O'Connor ? ;Mr, Tl M. Slattery, M.L.A.; Mr; Charles O'Neill (President of the Society), Mr. M. M. Norris' Mr. F. S. Macderinptt, MrJ ; McCarthy, Mri Cracknell, and most of the gentlemen of the various conferences of St. Vincent de Paul. Mr! O'Neill presided, and' introduced his- Grace the Archbishop, who was received with cheers; and for an hour and a half Icept 'the-, audience deeply interested. The Archbishop concluded amidst applause of a very hearty character, and ? Mr.; Norris having proposed, and Mr. Craclmoll seconded, a hearty vote of thariks, the proposition was carried by acclamation. His Grace, in re-j turning 'thanks/ expressed -- his high -appreciation of this admirable : charity organization, and , heartily wished the society a successful continu4 ' arice of its good: and noble work. ' ? ?'?- ! | -'} His Grace, who was received with cheers, eaid,-M At the request of the gentlemen of the St. Vin-j cent de Paul's Society, who labour with unweary4 ing deyotedness to alleviate the distress of -the poor of every denomination among our citizens] ;I; will address you this evening on the Oirilizatiori : of Ireland before the Anglo-Norman Inva'sioni There. are but few indeed who will venture at the ?present day to question the fair fame of Ireland for culture ' and science and religion during the centuries that immediately followed the Aposto ' late of her Apostle St. Patrick. For four centuries at least, all Christendom resounded with her 5 praises, and the nations of Europe, reT joicing in the gifts and graces lavishly bestowed on her by Heaven, reverently saluted her as the bright star of learning for the western world; the sanctuary of religion, the Island of Saints'. The chronicler Marianus. — whose great work is of ' itself a standing proof of Ireland's civilization!, ipv he led the way among all the chroniclers of the ?middle ages— treating of the sixth century, attests ?/; that ' Ireland, the Island of Saints, was to a sublime ; 'degree fall of holy men and of innumerable won ders.' The Anglo-Saxon, St. Aldhelm of Malmes v bury, writing in the eighth century, is not less Emphatic in his praise, and describes Erin as a country 'rich in the wealth of science,' and' as thickly set with learned men as the firmament is j with stars.' What wonderthen that the illusf ? trious German writer, 0-oerres, should cry out,— f ' ''When we look into tlio Ecclesiastical life of the Irish people, we are almost tempted ; to ; believe -'that some potent spirit had transported over the ??'? sea the cells of the Thebaid, with|all their hermits '?' '- -its monasteries with all their inmates, and \- ' settled them down in this western island ; an ? island which in three centuries gave eight hundred ? and eighty saints to the Church^ won over to ' Christianity the North of Britain and a large part of Germany, and, while it devoted ;the* utmost at tention to the sciences, cultivated with, especial care the mystical contemplation-1 in her - communi ties, as well as in the saints whom they produced.' Surely a people such as this must not be stigmar tized as barbarous, but rather; is it justified1^ in claiming for itself a ? foremost place among the most civilized nations of the middle agesl 'Without entering into minute details in- -this matter, which presents such a wide field for'hisj '?'? torical inquiry, a few general remarks may: suffice to bring before you in its true light the 'civilizar ? tioix of Ireland' at : this period. From : the 5th to : 'the -:9th.' century schools and monasteries were :eyery where multiplied throughout the length and '?- breadth.1 of the land, and became so many centres for learning and higher studies, fountains of sacred '- wisdom, homes of discipline, '? sanctuaries of relij gionv Need I name Clonard, with its ? bright ? arra!y' of Saints, following the rule of St. Fin nian; the Wise. ' The ' ancient writer of ? St. ; Firi- '? ; 'nian's- life' declares that from; '-that-1 monastery ! 'like the sun in the firmament, he enlightened i;the world by the rays of his virtues, of salutary \- ; '? doctrine; and miracles : for the; fame''. of- -his good - .;; wbrks'ihvited many illustrious men from divers ??parts of the world tbhis bcliool.as to a holy re pository of all wisdom, partly to study the sacred ?? Scriptures, and 'partly to be instructed in the rule of the religious life.'' In the school of Beanri ' ? chuir, in the ' Valley of Angels/' four thousand : disciples used to assemble under the guidance of : St.: Comgall. St. Bernard styles it ' a very noble ? monastery, and head of several others ; a place ? truly sanctified, abounding in saints, abundantly { fruitful to God : so much so that one of th*3 reli ? ? 'gious Of this holy congregation, named Luanus, ;wassaid to be the founder of an hundred monas- r '?'teries :' and he adds that ' its disciples not only' ' . filled Ireland and ?' Scotland, .but swarms of , its 1 ? saints spread themselves ? over 'foreign coiiri 1; tries, one of whom,: St.1 Colunibanus, coming ; ; to our shores of Gaul,- foitnded the 'mon \- astfery of Luxeuil; The - other ; countless ? monasteries had each its distinctive grace. Thus, ' Derry was famed for the angelic life, of its :reli-; gious, Saigher for its' almsgiving, ?Iniskeltra and Glasnevin for the study of the Sacred; Scriptures, Lismore for the classics,- :Aghabhoe for geometry, Clonmacnoise for history; Cldnf ert for missionary ? enterprise. The Aran islands, off the western1 coasts, were popularly known as Aran of -the flowers, but so many were the holy men 'wh'o 'flocked thither to lead a heavenly life tinder the '- 'abbot St. Enda that thenceforward they ? becamle known only as Ai'an Of the Saints. For centuries all these great monasteries have been little more ? than shapeless ruins, yet the' spirit of, God seems ; to linger around each hallowed spot ennobled by 1 ; such' heroism of piety and sanctified by so mariy \- virtues. Not many years ago a few devout ipil ??' grims knelt together within the ruined enclosure ? On Aran-more where St. Enda was interred, arid f ' where likewise repose the relics^ of a 'countless ;;; army of white-robed saints. 'One of 'those pil 11 grims 'subsequently wrote : ' We can never foi-get ' ; ' tn-? ? scene ; of ; ; that morning ;i the pure, bright 1 i; ' sand, covering the graves -of unknown arid l:' 'unnumbered saints as with a robe of silver ;^;!':.! !v ??';;.;? ... --1 ?::' ?.'--..? . ,i-..'', ? ' ? ;,.;??-.?,. ? ? tissue, that. gHstened-^m delicate 'gr^een f oliage7of Tjfiei 'yUd plants; that rose ?'here' and, tKereV -as ' if rwfdugh^;in;- embroidery iipori the1 rwhite iekpanse r :'pn;one; ;side 'the- swelling hill crowned with 'the Chiircli of Benignus, a,nd on the other the blue sea; tiia'talnibst bathed the foundaj tions of the venerable sanctuary itself ; the:rsoft; 1 balmy air that hardly stirred the' ferns on the old walls; and the fresh, : happy, ''solemn calm that reigned over all/' ' ; In those early centuries; travellers had' not the -railways and steamers which facilitate communication in modern times. Nevertheless; countless- strangers from all the European ? nations ;flpcked to Ireland, that at the pure : fountains of '*'? her schools : and monasteries they might - satiate ; 'their thirst for science and religion; Dr.1; Johnson, does not hesitate to say that throughout all this period ' Ireland was the school of ; the West; the quiet habitation of sanctity and literature.' ?' Bishop Nicholsori also writes, 'Within a century after the death of -St.; Patrick, the 'Irish ?seminaries had so increased that most parts of : Europe sent their children to; be 'educated there',' and drew thence their bishops and1 teachers.' ; Montaleiribert attests that 'Ireland was- .then regarded .by all Christian Europe as- the principal centre' of knowledge and piety; In the shelterof her numbei;less monas-; teries a crowd of- missionaries, doctors, and ?preachers were educated for the service of the Ohtirclv arid the propagation of fke faith :iri: ?allr Christiari couutries. ? A vast and; continuous - development of literary and religieu's effort is ?there apparent, suj-eri or to: ;ariything that could be seen in any other country in Europe. The monasteries which gradually coveredthe soil of Ireland were the hostelries of a foreign emigration. They were open to all : the poor and the rich, the slave as well as the free-. inan; the child and the old man had free access and 'paid nothing. Nor did the Irish monasteries confine the benefit of their literary and religious instruction to the. natives of Ireland. They! opened their doors with' admirable generosity to strangers of every country and every condition ;' above all, to those who came from the neighbour ing island,England, some to: end their lives in ari Irish cloister, some to go from house to house in search of books and masters capable of explaning those books. The Irish monks received with kind-; ness guests- so' greedy of instruction, and gave them; both' books and masters, the food of the body and the food of the soul, without demand ing any recompense. From the seventh to the eleventh centuries, Anglo-Saxon students' flocked into Ireland; and for ; four hundred years the schools of the island maintained the great reputa tipn which brought so many successive genera-; tibns to dip deep'lythere into the living waters of knowledge and faith.' This influx of devoted men from the sister: island; in the pursuit of science arid piety, is- further attested by Camden] who writes: 'No .men came ^up -to. the Irish monks, iri Ireland arid- iri Britain, for sanctity, and learning, and they sent forth swarms of holy men all over Europe, to whom the monasteries of 'Eiiixeuil in Burguridy, Pavia in Italy ;? Wurtzburg in Franconia, St. ' Gall in Switzerland, - and so many others owe 'their origin. The Saxorisai that time flocked to Ireland from all quarters, as to a mart of literature.- -Wherefore it is that, we frequently meet in bur ^writers1 of the lives of the saints: he;was sent over to Ireland for educaj tion.' But if -we go- 'back' 800 -years' before Cam den wrote, we will find the same fact attested ; by Venerable Bede, who, ? speaking of' the 7th: cen tury, says ':—'?' Many ; nobles-' and others of the English nations -were -living iri Ireland, whither they had repaired either to cultivate the sacred studies or to : lead a /life of stricter disciplinel Some of them became riioriks '-; obhers chose rather to apply to reading arid study, going about froni school to1 school5 through the cells of the masters ; and all1 of 'them were most cheerfully received by the1 Irish, -who; supplied' them gratuitously with good books' arid- instruction.'; The brightest riamfe on ^England's calendar of missionary saints is - St . ' Willibrord. '{. He spent twenty- years in the schools of Ireland preparing himself to' do God's work, arid laying upa rich store of those spiritual treasures 'of ; which- he' was ; to be the bearer to distant 'lands; ''-The Litariy of St. ^2Engus, ? composed ? in ' the eighth- century, cbmmembrates ' ? several ? Britons, ? Picts, and - Saxons,' arid also Gauls, 'Germans; Boinans,' and Egyptians,' holy men who1 Went to Ireland iri the pursuit of the science of salvation,' and chose; it for ? their resting place.- As late a'sthe ' 11th century ? we find Bishop Sulgen-froin; Wales' setting out -for ? the Irish shores,1 as: we read in1 his metricajl :life :?_.?;: h,.:, :?: \y.-r -: S.:i :?;- ,v-':v^ ?:, .,--.?-_'. ?; \ . 'Bxeuiplo patruih commotus, amore'legendi' :???.?:?).. \ : Ivit adHibernos sbpliia inirabile claros.'- . * ' '??'? ??,' '?? , By-Ms ancestoris'' bright example moved,'- ' ??' ???'? '?'? \ ? He sought in Erin the science which lie loved. ?; : ,: [ Andiin her schools those skilful masters found, . ' j Whose wisdom is throughout.the world renowned. ' ' But not only was Ireland thus rich in the bless— ' ings of Christian civilization at home,— she wa's' moreover ehosen in the ways of Providence to be the dispenser of 'these blessings to almost 'every nation: of Europe. So numerous were the Irish missionaries. who laboured'jn thecavise of religion.' and. civilization throughout France, that the con temporary Eric of Auxerre cries out : 'It would seem as if a whole nation of Chris bian sages had landed on our; shores.' Obher ancient- writers Compare' those missionaries to swarms of bees' that,1 : quitting their parent liives, hastened to leas favoured regions1 - to eririch them with thoir honeyed 'store ; and St. Bernard ? ! declares that ' from ; Ireland ' as from' an : overflowing ;stream: crowds of holy men descended on foreign nations.?' The'1 testimony of- a; 'few historians n«t pre judiced in favour of i any of Ireland's claims may serve ;t6 place this important fact in its true light. Mosheim writes : ' That the Irish were lovers of learning^ and '^distinguished ^ themselves in those tiirie of ignorance, 'beybrid ' all other- European nations, travelling' through the most ' distarit lands with a ; view to '.. improve and 'coinmuriicate their knowledge, is-a fact well known ; for we see them; in the most authentic records of antiquity, discharging with the highest reputation and ap plause the functions of teachers in Franee, Ger inariy, arid Italy.' ;. Thierry in his History of the Norman Conquest thus- speaks of Ireland : ';? it possessed;a; multitude of : saints and learned men/ venerated alike iri England ? and: in Gaul ; for rio country had furnished '' a- greater niiriiber ? of Christian- riiissionaries, ' aniiriated i by no other : motive than pure ;zeal' and an ardent - desire of communicating' to foreign, i nations the learning and the faith of theirinative country. -The Irish - were great, travellers, and eyerywiererthey-gained:; the hearts of those whom they yisited.',' So, too,1 the Getmari aritiq^^ciWattenb^ch:.{';^l^^ others, ;the Iidsli' went i ^©^thrinto|:^yery ^ parjb/'bf^t'hs world. They filled England/ 'and1 the' riei|h'T^Bur-| ing islands . . In France [ -they were ' e r^iy \fhavre tq be 'met witli, and' they made their' way eJyen irito: the heart; of .Germany.1';.; ^QriMeria^e^'aisol writes : 'A characteristic still' .'m'drc i distinctive' of the Irish monks, as of [ all; their natibri, was1 the imperious necessity/ of . spreading tfiem-j selves without, of seeking or carrying knqwledgel and'faith afar, and of penetrating imto /.the most distarit .regions to watch; or r'cpmb'at ; paganisin. This monastic , natibri Vbecariie' 'the ./missibriary: nation par excellence'. While some came to Ire-; land to procure religious instrtiction,; the. Irish; missionaries launched forth froni .their islarid.j They covered the land and seas 'of the; Wpst.i Unwearied navigators they larided ;ori thembst desert islands -: theyJ inundated the Cori1;iri!erit; with their successive immigrations.' ', It; is at: least a thoiisarid years since the sonsi of Irelandi thus, laboured in building . up . the bulwarlcs.! 6ft religion arid civilization throughout the continent! of Europe. Nevertheless 'their J memory is' ;'still| held in benediction, arid their rianies '''aro' enrolled; among the Patron Saints' of the chief riations^bfi Christendom. One hundred arid thirty vlrishi. Saints have found a place in the Calendars' of i Germany; forty-five are honoured . as patrons in; France ; thirtjr in Belgium, and several others inj Italy, Switzerland, and even remote.' Iceland.; What is most remarkable, we meet with those) Irish pilgrims and missionary saints in the; most; out-of-the-way places, — -in the depths . bf,1 the; Black Forest iri Germany, in the'remptest and most sequestered hamlets in France, on ';thei highest peaks of the hills of Switzerland. Let me; take one instance. Ori the' face of a -precipice: above the Lake of Thun in -Switzerland, there' is the cave in which an Irish patron 'bfi district, St. Beoadh — latinized Beatus,— dwelt. It; would be difficult to find a more romantic spot.! The path that leads to it threads along the. edge of precipices overhanging the green lake. Tufts' of wild flowers cling to the rock' and dangle their glorious harmonies of colour at dizzy heights over the tranquil water. About thirty feet below the mouth of the cave a large stream rushes outpf the rock, and forming a silvery cascade of 800 feet } plunges into the still mirror of the lake. .The cave of the Saint is itself screened by; a fir wood clinging to the rock ledges. Its wide entrance was once walled up, so as to leave only a door arid a window, but the stones have fallen. The rude altar, too, is how overthrown. For a time after the triumph of Zwinglianism' in Berne', the faith-; fill pilgrims continued to visit the' sanctuary of StV Beatus, tiU at length the civil authorities drove them away at the.pbint of the spear. At present a little chaper bears the riariie of , the Saint; 'at Lungern, on the nearest point of the adjoining Canton of Obwalden, where the ancient faith still maintains its ground', and thither floek crowds: of pilgrims every year to honour the' memory, of their' Apostle on liis feast, the 9th of May. ' But toreturn to the subject before us : We, mayepnT elude from these few ' remarks, 'that so far from. Ireland being sunk in ignorance and barbarism in those days, it was' enabled; froni the overflowing abundance of its literary arid religious life, to yield rich streams of true Christian civiliza tion to the most favoured countries of Europe; We might desire, perhaps, no better proof of the development of studies in the Irish schools than the high perfection attained in the cultivation of the native tongue. ; /The languages which now hold the foremost place in civilized nations were as yet only in their first ' rudinaents whilst1 the Irish tongue ;? was/ being perfected, iri all the branches of literature in poetry and 'p/rffseV : It is nb. small tribute1 to the ability with which the Irish scholars of those days cultivated their riative language that we firid the hiost learned' professors of ' comparative philology in modem tiines iri'the Uriiversities of -Paris, Leipzic and Berliri; as' well as in New York, Edinburgh and Oxford, devotirig their time : and , talerits to illustrate '' 'the ' Celtic fragments that have been ?' ; preserved to us from those golden ages 'of- Irish /literature.' ;;The Ollamhs, or Masters of the Sciences, were every where treated with marked honour, and in all the assemblies 'the highest1 place— after tliat': of the monarch himself-^was assigned : to1 tliein. ?? Noi' was -it so easy' 'a 'matter 'for' them to i attain ' ?that;' ?'? ?rank. : -Their' course ? of-' iristruction; occupied twelve years V eight -of; these ,' were: 'devoted to the study of philosophy and gramma^, and the cultivation of the Irish language ;!arid thb : four remaining years were spent in the coinpbsi tiori of treatises in poetry arid prose in their native tongue, to prove themselves qualified for' the degree to which they aspired. It is: from thpse ; ages that the Brehon laws have come down to us. { They lead us back long before the Justinian laws, ; and they present the minutest details of a systerii of legislatiori sanctioned by ? religion, which ? pf itself would suffice to prove the high civilization^ of Ireland a thousand years ago. The publication ? of those ancient Celtic laws lias been carried on, for twenty years under a Bbyal Commission, arid the four volumes; already published are most' valuable as illustrating the character arid iri'stitip tions of the Irish peoj)le in those days!'- Lord O'Hagan — who has been so lately snatched from a wide circle of friends who loved him; and- froiithe country which he loved so well— in an essay on th|e : Study of Ju'risprudence- writes that 'to the study of those Brehon laws which for so many ages-held' sway in Ireland, some of us, childreri of the : soil, will be ;attracted,;as by ancestral voices f roiri.(tb!e buried past. And for all the learned of Europe, who have interest iri the history of Jurispruderiee arid' the ArcliEeology of Law, they must be':'the subject of intelligent curiosity and ? careful iri vestigatiori.' It appears to me that 'I; have said enough to jusbify ; the: statement ?' which !l made, that during the centuries ? which ^im mediately followed the death of; St. ? Patricjk Ireland deservedly held a fbreinost ' place ariibn'g the 'civilized nations of Christendom. But there are some writers who would fairi; persuade us that this bright era of civilizatiori closed with the 9th \- century ; that' 'before the Norman invasion.; 'Ii1 4- larid had b ecome degenerate' and had ' relapsed i hi o barbarisni.1' Hear how a brilliarit English .-'-writer whobut afew weeks ago paid a hurried visit to tlie Australian shores, describes the Ireland ' of those? days :— ';The Irish, wheri ' the' ? Normans'' tobk charge of them,' thus' writes' Mr. Frpude,''1were, with' the exception of the (clergy; iscarcely ^bettQr than a riiob: of armed savages.1' They Md -rio' 'settled industryy and rio settled 'habitations^' 'and ? ' ???'?'?' ' -? '??'?' ?? ? '?'?-' ?*?????-? ??????'''. '.'?' '? ??????' j ?scarcelyrjarconception of property. . . . The -?nly.;o9.c^pation considered honourable was fight ing; and0 plundet. .. . The religion of the 'Irish'Cfelfe; which three centuries earlier had burnt 'like ' a' star iri. Western Europe, had degenerated into .a1 superstition, and no longer served as a : check upon the most ferocious passions. . . . Their 'chief characteristics were treachery, thirst for blood,; unbridled licentiousness, an inveterate ^detestation of order and rule.' Asa nation, he adds, ' they have done nothing which posterity will riot be anxious to forget j' they 'have little arcliitecture of 'their own, and the forms intro -duced from England, have been robbed of their /grace:;' in /'fa/c't; they /are' 'unable to boast of one single national work' of art.' Of this seniibar barous people the. Normans came to take charge, thus 'fulfilling the ;w3rk for which they were specially /' qualified and- gifted . . . The true justificatiori'bf the Conquest lay in the character of the/ conquerors; /They were born rulers of men, arid1 were forced, by the same necessity which has /brought' the' decrepit kingdoms of Asia under the ; authority /of ,' England and Bussia, to take the /inariagement^ eight centuries ago, of the anarchic !ina'tio^^6f-~We'stefn-'''Etirop1e.' Thus with the ; Nbrmari' victors^ ?everything was fair and bright ; whilst' ''the'-1 island 'which they invaded was .plunged in the depths ;''of ignorance and barbar jis'in. .?'?'? Such are the. views which many who have 'made a. mere Superficial ; study of Irish history are' only 'too eager /to .adopt. Now, there are Several ways in which we may test the accuracy of those statements, but there is one which com jherids itself particularly to riie ; and as it not unfrequeritly. : happeried in days of chivalry, that whilst hostile armies .were marshalled face to face in battle array;, some chosen combatant from either side woiild enter the lists to decide by personal com bat to whom: should- be awarded the palm of victory, so too,I: will lead into the arena before ybu':lt\vd;;niustribus;!''ch!aibpidri's, each a fitting representative ' of the :race to which belonged —the Irish monarch Bri$,n,!arid WilJiam, the Nor mari: conqueror.' They present to us, indeed, many feature's in common. 'Each of .them successfully usurpedan Imperial' power ; they were wise and. prudent in councily: brave' and valorous in the field ;/ victory siniled.upbri their arms in countless battles; arid on the .day of their greatest triumphs, at .Clbntarf; and ^.t' Hastings, they were alike engaged under the .banner of religion ; so too they have both received' ffo'm posterity the title of ' The. Great/' and ;by' their respective races they have been, honoured, with an uninterrupted chorus pf unrivalled applause ; and henoe, it seems to me that the distinctive merits of their imperial rule mayy without the risk of partiality, be fairly ac cepted '.as'-'a test of the civilization which they 'represent.'/ ' Brian entered on his career, pledged to /free Ireland from the oppressive yoke of the Danes; ' Wave after wave of these northern bar barians had, for a hundred and fifty years, swept over the fairest territories of Erin, and long and painful was the bondage which they imposed upon her people. The richest shrines and sanctuaries were plundered, and the whole country was laid waste-. The leaders of these pagan bands even assumed the title of kings of Ireland ; and, indeed, more than once they seemed to have secured for themselves a complete mastery over a great part of the island. The chieftains of the subjugated districts1 were led away to work as slaves for the Danish lords ; a Danish soldier was billeted, not as a guest,' but as a master in every household ; each church' and' monastery had a pagan chieftain ap pointed to it,' and a heavy tax was imposed as well on those who administered, as on those whoreoeived the sacred rites of religion. Wherever the invaders went the schools were closed and the teachers slain, and it was an imperative command that all books 'which were met Avith in their devastations should be burned or carried away. In sadness, the annalists ' add : ' No Irish chief was able to give deliverance from the foreigner because of the excellence of their' arrriour, the greatness of their prowess, 1 their' strength arid valour, and the excess of their thirst for1 the fruitful, grassy lands of Erin.' To gether /-with' material ^'conquest they sought to ensure the triumph of Paganism. Their leader, Thprgils (who is /better known by his Latanized ; name; Turgesius), caused himself to be proclaimed in Arm agh, ; the head of : the religion of Ireland , whilst his wife,; Otta;' was enthroned as High Priestess On the' High altar of the great church of Clonmacnoise; arid proceeded to deliver thence her pagan oracles; The Dalcassians of Munster were among the' foremost and bravest in resisting the tide : of invasion. They had vowed that their 'battle-axes would know no repose so long as Ireland was not entirely free from the Danish ' thraldom, and they were faithful to their vow. With the chieftaincy of the Dalcassians Brian had inherited that pledge; its fulfilment '' was .the one great purport of his life; and he lived long enough to see it crowned by a glorious triumph. But let us examine somewhat in detail the chief ; features that marked this monarch's career. The first great feature of Brian's rule that presents itself is his disinterestedness. Though victory after victory attended his arms, we nowhere find that riches or plunder or per sonal aggrandisement were his aim. When a de cisive battle!forced the Danes of Munster to sub mit1 to his aiithority, the one condition of peace imposed was that every Irishman held by them in bondage should be set at liberty ; and the an nalists add -;that thousands of captives were at once^ seen joyfully returning to their homes. So, too, when as'Monarch of Ireland he again broke '?'?the ?'Danish/' power; his decree went forth that every-'Irishman held in bondage throughout Erin shpuld/be 'freehand once more thousands of .noble captives were- restored to their homes and to free dorii./' Though Brian had vanquished the Danes, .he took no steps to exterminate them or to banish ;the'm-;from the kingdom. On the contrary, he ?recognized , the element of strength which, as faithful' subjects, they would ;idd to his power, and he permitted them to remain in the chief seaports, thus to promote commerce and to deve lop :the resources of the country. He made use of them too to carry the war into the enemy's camp. He gathered together a mighty licet from all the Danish harbours, and, accompanying it with a chosen band of his own Dalcassian heroes, sent 'them to: pursue the marauding- Vikings and to ravage the islands off the Scottish coast and the more northern islands which they hadmado their ^resting-place. The fleet returned laden with an immense booty; the Vikings were forced to ac knowledge the superior sway of the victor, and Brian'was 'now' able to assume the proud titlo of Chief Monarch of 'Ireland and of all the Danish imiwi— iiimimi— ????hii™ ? i ? mi ? imiiBiinMn—m 'isles .. ' Brian was also renowned for his hospitality . ''The/ Danes of Dublin were compelled to supply to 'j'iiis palace at Kinkora 360 butts of wine every ,' year, and a proportionate quantity was exacted 'from the Limerick Danes. Each Irish chieftain ', paid so many head of cattle as hits tribute, and ,' Whatever was thus received was devoted to en .hance the hospitable fame of the royal residence-. ^ Its halls were open te all, and rich and poor, ehief , tains and. pilgrims, were welcome to the hospi-; 'talityof the Irish monarch. He applied himself : '.in , a- special manner to repair the material ruin /.that had resulted from the Danish invasions.' The bridges were every where repaired, .the ' ' causeways were restored, new roads were| \ made, the residences of the Irish chieftains were! rebuilt, and his own palace at Kinkora was: ..adorned with a magnificence befitting the; abode of Ireland's monarch. In . his ve-, verence for the Church and her elergy, the Irish; .king proved himself to have at heart the true in-; terests of his pooplo. There is no surer test to a. monarch's merits in the work of Christian civili zation than his dealing's with the Church. All the nations of the civilized world are indebted to her in this, that by her they have, been lifted up from the inire of pagan barbarism, and have re ceived at her hands the crown of religious and . social blessings that adorns them. The truths of heaven are upon her lips ; her mission is divine. . She does not seek to intrude her authority into the secular domain ; but nevertheless her benefi cent influence permeates the whole body of the State. 'Whosoever seeks to fetter the Church whilst she guides her children in their heavenward . course, is an enemy of civilization, and it matters but little that these fetters be of iron or of gold. True civilization gives freedom to the Church of God, and aids and sustains her in that wondrous mission of beneficence which has been confided to her by her Divine founder. Such was the freedom, given by the monarch Brian to the Irish Church, . such the generous aid with which he strengthened \- her and encouraged her to achieve her glorious work. At his visit to Armagh he offered twenty . ounces of gold at the altar of our Apostle; and when . a few years later ho again visited the same shrine, he 'repeated the same rich gift. Guarded by /his protecting hand, religion went forth ar rayed in heavenly comeliness, and her blessings were multiplied throughout the land. Her schools and institutes of piety wore revived, the poor were protected, councils were held, strict dis . cipline was enforced, and distant nations began once more, as of old, to look with delight towards our tranquil shoros, and to repeat rejoicing the Prophet's words, — ' Blessed is the people whose God ia the Lord.' And this hollowed influence of the Church continued thimighout the whole of this period down to the Anglo-Norman invasion ; the monasteries of Ireland flourished, her cloisters were adorned with the maturest fruits of virtue, and peace poured out its richest blessings upon her people. Wo find a St. Celsus in Armagh, a St. Gillibert in Limerick, a Malchus in Lismore ; there was St. Lawrence O'Toole, the fearless champion of the liberty of the Church, aye, and of the liberty of his nation too ; and together with these there were a thousand other saints and learned men forming a galaxy of bright and glorious names, of whioh the greatest nations of Christendom would be justly proud. The con temporary writer of Brian's life (MacLiag) attests . that, besides restoring- the religious houses which the Danes had plundered, he ftmnded seven new monasteries. Everywhere the churches were clothed with new splendour, the desecrated shrines were adorned, and the deserted chancels resounded onco more to tho praises of God. He erected no fewer than thirty-two round towers, those characteristic monuments of Irish architecture which, whilst as beacon-lights they served to guide tho weary pilgrim to the sanc tuary wherein he would find repose, offered at the same time, in case of any sudden irruption of the babarians, a safe retreat and a secure defence for tho inmates of the monasteries, and .? the relics and the shrines of their holy founders and the other sacred treasures whiebjhave been at all times so dear to the piety of our faithful people. So, too, the schools of Ireland in a par ticular manner engaged the attention and the solicitude of tho Irish monarch, And allow mo to add that, after the Church, there is no more powerful factor in the work of civilization than the school ; for religious education enlightens the mind and strengthens the will ; it teaches man his duties, and disciplines him to be faithful to them ; it makes known to him his rights, and enables him to assert and defend them. The .schools of Ireland flourished during Brian's . reign, and throughout this period of .our country's history the Uni varsities of Armagh and Bangor and Lismore won for themselves a world- wide renown. It is recorded that no fewer than 7000 students' ? names were inscribed on tho roll of Armagh. There is ono special feature of Brian's patronage of science to which I may particularly refer, for it teaches a great lesson which many of the rulers of ? tho world at tho present day, notwithstanding all our boasted civilization, have not wisdom enough to learn. Wherever throughout Ireland a youth was found whose talent gave promise of being suited for the higher branches of learning, it was the monarch's wish that he shouldbe trained to science, and his education was provided for from tho royal revenues. But better than any words of mine tho ancient chronicler will sot before you the boundless munificenco Avhich thus distinguished tho reign of the Irish monarch. In the old Eng lish translation of tho Annals of Clonmacnoi.se, tinder the year 1002, we read : — ' The wholo realino wa3 ovorrunn and ovorspread by tho foreigners. The churches, abbeys, and other re ligious places were by thorn quito razed and debased, or otherwise turned to vile, base, servile, and abominable uses. . . . But King Brian was a meet salve to euro such festered sores ; in a small time ho banished the Danes, made up tho churches and religious houses, restored the nobility to their ancient patrimony and posses sions, and in fino brought all to a notable refor mation.' Again, 'Tho Wars of the Gacdhill ' records that': — ' By him were erected in Erin noble churches and their sanctuaries. He sent pro fessors and masters to teach wisdom and know . ledgo and to buy books beyond the sea and tho great ocean, because tho writ ings and books in every church and sanctuary had been destroyed by tho plunderers, and Brian himself gave tlw prico of learning and the price of books to every ono separately who went on this service Many churches wore built and repaired by him, bridges and roads wore jna.de, the for tresses of Munster were strengthened. . . . . He continued in this very prosperous, peaceful, hospitable, just-judging, venerated— with law and rule among the clergy, with honour and renown among the laity — powerful, secure, for fifteen years in the chief sovereignty of Erinn.' We cannot be surprised that under such munifi cent patronage the arts and sciences should once more have 'flourished ; they even attained a high perfection, and added new lustre to Ireland's ancient fame. The art of illuminating was culti vated with particular care. So perfect were the Irish copyists in' this beautiful branch of art, and so wonderful was their skill, that the first Norman invaders could find no words sufficient to express their admiration 5 and Giraldus Cambrensis, con templating one of their masterpieces, cried out in astonishment that it was not the work of men but of angels. ' Among all the miraculous things of Kildare,' he writes, ' nothing surprised me: so much as that wonderful book said, to havei been written from the dictation of an angel; This book contains the. four gospels according to Jerome's version, and is adorned with almost as many richly illuminated figures as it has pages. Here you see the majesty of tho divine eounten ance, thereltheimyaticalfigurostof the Evangelists, together with other designs without number, which, if carelessly surveyed, seemed rather blots than intertwined ornaments, and appeared to be plain work where there was, in truth, nothing but intricacy. JBut, on close examination, the secrets of the artjwere evident ; and so delicate and subtle; so laboured and minute, bo intertwined and knotted, so intricately and brilliantly coloured did you perceive them, that you were ready to say they were the work of an angel and not of man. The more intently I examined them the niore'was I filled with fresh wonder and amazement. Neither could Apelles do the like ; indeed mortal hand seemed incapable of forming or painting them.' Mr. Westwood, in his classical work, ' Palaaographia Sacra,' after examining the Book of Kells and other works still treasured in the home libraries, adds, 'Ireland may justly be proud of the Book of Kells. This copy of the d-'ospels is unquestionably the most elaborately executed manuscript of early art now in existence. At a period when the fine arts may be said to have been almost extinct in Italy and other parts of the continent, the art of ornamenting manuscripts had a perfection almost miraculous in Ireland, The invention and skill displayed, tho neatness, the precision and delicacy far surpass all that is to be found in ancient manuscripts executed by. continental artists.' Several Irish illuminated manuscripts, dating from the period of whioh we treat, are still preserved in the Continental libraries, and not long ago a distinguished Ger man writer pronounced the following judgment on them : — ' The ornamented pages, borders, and initial letters exhibit so correct an architectural feeling in the distribution of the parts, such a rich variety of beautiful and peculiar designs, so admirable a taste in the arrangement of the ?colours, and such an uncommon perfection of finish, that one feels absolutely struck with amazement.' (To he concluded.) 