?ht ^follafgg Ctmtg j WAL/LAJJOO. WEDNESDAY, JULY 8. 1885. THE Agricultural College at j Bosewortby has had its first break up," and the students will enjoy a re cess of a little more than a month, dur- j ing which time the able Professor will i obtain as much rest as an ever active mind will permit. Consider- j ing the inducements that have been , held out we think Professor Custance may well be congratulated on the re sult of the session ; and we have no reason to be ashamed of the two students that have represented Wal laroo at the College. We think the tiaie has arrived for extending the usefulness of this institution, for never was there a country in the world which stood more in need of an in fusion of persons possessing a through knowledge of agriculture. We have hundreds of inen settled on large blocks of land who are totally ignorant of the rudiments of farming. They manage in some cases to scrape over a pretty large area during seed ing time and trust to providence for the rest. No attempt is made in the way of improving their out-buildings or of filling up the time between seed time and hardest in a way that is likely to be profitable either to them- j selves or the country. We fear, however, that unless steps are taken, and that quickly to endow the College, so as to place it beyond the dangers to which it must be subjected if it is to be annually placed on the mercy of th.e legislators, a large number of whom cannot rise above the deplorable con dition of things that has obtained in past. It is therefore a matter for congratulation that IVtr Howe has inti mated, in answer to a question put by Mr Oatt that it is the intention of the G-overnment to intro duce a bill for the endowment of the Agricultural College. A number of our farmers labor under the idea that the experimental farm is of no use unless it is conducted on the principle of having no other assistance than that obtained from thejfarm itself, and we must confess to have a leaning that way ourselves. But we hope to see the day when the Experimental Farm will be in a position to start other farms, say, by the aid of students who. have been educated at Boseworthy, in other parts of the colony, uridet pre cisely the same conditions that new farms are taken up by our farmers, when we shall be able to judge of the value of a thorough knowledge of scientific and practical farming com bined. At present, however, we are. so deplorably in the background m these respects, that it is essentially necessary to have an extensive estab lishment under our Agricultural Pro fessor, so as to if possible make up for lost time. Dairying, cattle, horse, pig, and sheep breeding should be carried 0 ;-the beat breeds of all kinds of stock being secured. In the first mentioned class our farmers daughters and wives should be able to receive lessons. In addition to these there should be a blacksmith's and carp en» tor's shop, and practical students should be taught to do all sorts of jobs that are likely to be needed on a farm. In our own district We can point to many who owe their impover ished condition to the fact that they ^ are unable to do the most simple thing themselves, but lose both time and money (the former being pf the most serious expenditure) in. securing the evident that all this cauuot be started unless the country is prepared to pay for it. Some time ago we directed attention to the necessity for an assis tant to the Professor, the latter being compelled to spend time in'imjparting rudimentary lessons which could be taught equally well by a person whose services could be readily obtained at from £150 to £200ayear,and the Pro fessor could attend to more important matters. In fact Professor, Castaace cannot move about too much. We do uot mean that he should lecture alone, but that he drop in upon our farmers iu the outlying districts. There are scores of men to whom lecturing is little better than casting pearls be fore swine, but if the Professor called upon them when they were engaged at their ordinary ad vocations,"and in a friendly way pointed out where they were wrong, and suggested an im provement, the colony would soon find the benefit. There would be no need to visit every farm, because the fact of one or two men in a district adopting an improyed system of farm ing would act as a leaven to the whole, or at least to those who were capable of being taught. This is the kind of thing that will improve the condition of the masses. It is not I necessary to treat the scientific aspect I of things alone ; how much good could be accomplished by the visit of a good practical farmer to one of our new ' selections where the owner.is content to have a dwelling little better than a kennel, and to struggle on for years without having a proper stable or shed. The objection offered when a better system is proposed, is that they cannot afford ifc. But if a practical man attached to the Agricultural College, or the Professor himself, was to call on some of these men, and point out a way by which the end could be obtained without an expendi ture of money, we should soon have a difficulty in finding any of the miser able homesteads that now stand as a reproach to our agriculturists. ~ We hope something tangible will be done in order to admit of a step in the direction we have indicated. TICKERA ROAD.-We learn that the contrac tor, Mr Tossell, has commenced the work of making road and culvert over the gully near Tickera, a thing much needed. DAM AT COPPER HILL.-We understand that the men employed excavating the dam at Green's Plains, will, on its completion, be sent to ox"avate one at Copper Hill. Scffoos INSPECTION.-Inspector Burgan in spected the Waliaroo Public School on Toes day, but we have not heard with what result. Complaints are silently murmured respecting the new regulations being enforced. DISTBICI COTTNCHI FOB MAINLAND.- A meeting washeld at Maitland last Wednesday to consider the question of forming a District Council for the Hundreds of Maitland, Kil kerran, and Wauraltee. The decision arrived at was unfavorable to the object sought, bnt the result was, we understand, brought about more from a pure spirit of opposition *to the promoters, than from a fair consideration of the question ct issue. OUB LOCAX, RIBXE CO.-On Monday evening last a meeting of the members of our local Volunteer Force WHS held to select officers. Mr Maughan was unanimously chosen captain, the other positions Were left for fur ther consideration. A suggestion was made that those who were desirous of promotion in the company, should attend a class of in struction, so that those who showed the great est aptitude in drill might have the appoint ments. DIBEOT COMMUNICATION WITH POBT AUGUSTA.-The local agent of the Adelaide Steamship Company, Mr Clare, informs us that it is the intention of this Company to resume the direct passenger trade between this Port, Port Augusta, and Port Adelaide, and thai the days will IOOBC probably be the same as formerly-yiz., leave here for Port Augusta on Sunday mornings, returning on the Wednesdays, HOBSE SHOW AND PIOUGHING MATCH.-A meeting was held at Minlaton to consider the propriety or otherwise of holding a Horse Show and Ploughing Match at a date earlier than the ordinary show. A favorable resolutioa was passed, rnd that it be held on August 13. We shall hail with pleasure the inauguration of such, for it seems so singular to have an exhibition of horse stock at the close of a season, wbereae by holding it at the beginning a good selection for the district might be secured. THE UNEMPLOYED.-The Conservator of Water (Mr Jones) wired to Wallaroo on Saturday lest to the effect that the Govern ment intended making reservoirs at Kudina and Copper Hill, requesting the names of all thoBe who were out of work and willing to accept of the Q-overnment terms,-viz., 5s 6d per day. We shall be glad to forward any names sent as to Mr Jones. We have spoken to those out of employment here but they would rather leave for the other colonies than they would work for that pay. Another shilling per day. would fetch them; but we fear five sniilings and sigpense wont. DABING BOBBERIES IW pprwroy-Our correspondent, writing on July 4, states that A daring robbery was committed in the house of Mr Jame« Moroney late last night or early this morniug. The burglar effected an entrance into the kitchen, taking some bread, meat, cake, butter, and a few tarts. He also visited »n empty bedroom and the dairy. From the b&droom; be took some clothes, and a little box containing three shillings and eightpence, belonging to ail orphan boy. From the dairy some butter is the only thing that is missed. Me also entered the schools room at Clinton, and took a rug which was lajlng over the harmonium. I also hear that some meat has been stolen from Mr Paterson's which he had hanging up in a shed. I understand that Mr Moroney has pnt the matter into the hands of the police. I also he«r .that the party suspected is wanted by tha police at Snowtojwn. It seems he is an old- offender, and was recestly m the employ 1 of Mr Moroney. *' WJSSTWABD HO."-A goodly number of South Australians are' already settled in We&tefp; Australia, and great interest is ber ing taken In the rapid rise of that colony by many residents here. Mr Alfred Levjdo who has been fortnanyjeara, in the "- employment of the Waliaroo Smelting Works Co., and -has atory, resigned his poet, owing to curtailment of operations, and proeeeds this week to Western-Australia. Mr Levido, although a. very young man, is an old resident of this town, having been born in Wallaroo. St. Mary's Church loses a good member of her choir, and mir local Football Club a prominent player through his departure. Mr Levido has always rendered good service in local entertainments got up for charitable purposes' and has proved that he has no mean talent as a scenic painter, as evidenced by his production of a sea scene, lately shown on the stage at the Institute. He carries with him the best Irishes of his townsmen, for his future success wherever his lot may be cast. Moonta ITEMS.-Our correspondent sends the following:-The chief topic here, is the entertainment to be given ou (Wednesday) evening, at the opening of the new Institute Hall. No effort has been spared by the Committee, the muBical and literary ladies and gentlemen who are to take part in the proceedings to mate it a decided success. Should the weather prove favorable, it is expected that a crowded house will greet their appearance ou that auspicious occasion The Registrar of Dogs was quite- besieged on Monday, there being no less than 30 persons waiting at one time to register their dogs. No Jess than 119 dogs and 10 sluts have been registered since the first of the month. FOOTBALL.-The return match was played between the Kadiuas and Wallaroos on Satur day last, on the grounds of the latter, and resulted in a win for the home team. The Wallaroo team won the toss, and elected to kick with a fair breeze, which was soon taken advantage of, as the ball was taken into the Kadinas' quarters. Some good play was shown on both sides, but through the more combined play of the Wallaroos, a goal was kicked by Seeley. Not long after Tomlin kieked another. The Kadinas, at this period, made a great rush, and succeeded in getting the ball in rather dangerous proximity to the home team's goal, and scored a behind. Matters were soon reversed, however, as Yo-ing kicked another goal for Wallaroo. The result of the first half was Wallaroo, ' 3 goals 8 behinds; Kadina, 1 behind. The second part of the game was very well contes ted, as the Wallaroos had a strong wind to battle against. Nothwithstanding this, they played up splendidly. Finnessey, for Kadina, did some yery serviceable runs with the ball, and worked very hard. Carthy kicked a goal for the visitors. After this, however, the home team pulled themselves together, ind managed to keep the ball in their opponents' quarters,. where they had a stood many tries for goal but were only successful in one, that being by MiddMon. At the close of the game the scores were; Wallaroo, 4 goals 13 behinds ; Kadina, 1 goal 1 behind. Mr R. Walsh gave satisfaction as umpire. THE WASLEYS Fabmebs AND THE EXPERI MENT At Fabst.-A deputation of farmers from the Waeleys Club waited upon the Commissioner of Crown Lands (Mr J. H. Howe) on Friday last, to ask that the Experi mental Farm might on certain occasions be thrown open to the members of the Wasleys Farmers' Club and the general public, so that the farming classea might visit it and gain information respecting the experiments carried on there. It will be remembered that the relations between the Profi- ssor and members of the Club have been somewhat strained for sometime. The first cuuBe wa8 the fact of the members of this Club setting themselves up as *"objectors" and fault finders. In fact, a report of their meetings always conveyed the idea that they considered that agricultural knowledge in South Australia was confined within their eircle. Any individual who dared to hold an opinion was pounced upon. They performed this operation on Professor Custance and dis covered that they had caught a Tartar. A short time since it will be remembered that a howl of indignation was raised at one of the meetings, on account of a want of courtesy exhibited by the Professor of Agrioulture towards certain members of the Waslevs' Club. Subsequent correspondence, however, proved that the visiting members had been laboring under the impressions that the Professor should be at their beck and call, and as a consequence did not inquire whether it would be convenient to meet them at a certain time, but wrote to say they were going to visit the farm on a certain day, and would be at the gate at a certain hour. Professor Custance was busy with his lessons and the Wasleys farmers were met by the farm manager. The result WBB that at the indig nation meeting subsequently the Professor was subjected to all kinds of abuse. Up to that time there was no restriction in the matter of visiting the farm, but the circum stances pointed to the necessity of havine a proper system adopted, and it was resolved, we. believe when Mr Playford was in office, that thoBe who wished to visit the farm should communicate with the Professor on the subject and have his oonsent- It is there fore amusing to find those who were the cause of the disabilities of which they com plain, trying to " get at" a new Commissioner, instead of apologising to the Professor as they should do. Mr Howe promised to do what he could in the matter, but in conclu ding he said "They would thus see that be and they did not differ on any vital point, but they must see that lhe Professor or any other public officer who was worthy of the post he I held would not submit to the dictation of any portion of the public, and be felt sure the members of the deputation would least of al] expect it." Surely the last lines are sarcasm. An SAINTS' Chubch, Mgohta,-Confir mation servico was held laBt Sunday evening in the above church, conducted by Bishop Kennion. The candidates, seven in number, attended by the Bishop and the Insumben^ entered the church led by the choir, who sang the anthem " Christain Soldiers " as they pro ceeded up the aisle to their appointed seats. The ordinal y servicehaving been gone through, the Bishop, before addressing himself to the candidates, observed that confirmation might be summed up m the two following sentences, " Openly before the Ohureb, by the Grace of d-od," Assuming that all present have come to receive knowledge of G-od, he said that the service would suggest to those who have not been confirmed, their duty, especially those who are in the habit of attending the services j h*tre# q.nd that all may be strengthened to j seek God wjtb sU their heart; and ibose who ' have already been confirmed may receive a blessiug. The condidates, who were add teas ed with much warmth, were exborfcedgto dedir eate themselves to' God with aa undivided heart, and he Urged upon them three dutieB, in their allegiance to Christ. Turning away from all evil j faith, and trust with obpdi?nce. The hardest thing frr man to do, is, to empty hifneelf, and be filled with God's grace, which alone, he said, can epable us to fight the battle of life. The customary questions were then put, and answered. This part of the servioe closed with/singing the 317tli. hymn. His Xtordship remarked that he felt he.could not close the present service without expressing h'is evmpathy with all . those present in their depression in the district, and was sure that they had the sympathy of thousands in and near Adelaide, and that they were being watched as to how they -would beur their troubles. The first epistle of St John, 5th chapter, and the letter clause of the 4th verse wasclioeeiv as the text, from which a brief, but most appropriate subject was dealt with in a practical manner. At the close of the sermon, turning to the candidate)), he said he would like to give them a few simple hints which he hud given before to others. The first was,-Be regular in prayer; second, be regular in rending Gad's word ; third, in attending the services in God's house j fourth, regular to the communion table ; fifth, be workers for Christ which will help you to put j into practice your faith in Christ. The ser- . vice, which lastedt wo hours, was a most im pressive one, and his Lordship was listened to throughout with earnest attention. FINE rains. Mr DARLING still sweeping. MB Yenning is waking up again. Ma GLADSTONE seeks re-election. ANOTHER mill being built at Gawler, HUTCHINSON at the head of the poil. SUN rises at 7. lo and sets at 5 o'clook. Mr BEAT due in Sydney on the 30lh inst. CLINTON District Council warmly contes ted. GABDEN AND FIELD" as interesting as eyer. A school and post office wanted at Eohunga goldfielde. SOTJTH Australian grapes highly spoken oi in England. Mr KINO- has taken 62 Gloucester Gardens for a season. THE larrikins Of Perth do not respect even old and unprotected women. A nephew of O'Conuell the liberator, was with the N. S. W. Contingent. THE Victorian Judges are being provided with short hand and type writers. GEORGE AUGUSTUS SALA contributing a series of articles to the " Register." VOTE of th'nlcs promised to Returning Officer at Clinton at some fnture dale. THE Terowie paper says Mr Djwner is neither a Bouoaut nor a Beaconsfiold. PLATING «t Womeu'a rights in Soowtown will probably have a satisfactory ending. FANCY a football umpire not being able to give satisfaction at Terowie. How unusual. THE Crystal Brook folks are moving for extension of a line from Biyth to that place. Mr OLABKE has been waking up some of the Mount Barker and neighbouring publi cans. STEPS being taken for the formation of a Geographical Society in South Aus tralia. WASLKY'S farmers making another appeal for admittaneo to the Experimental Farm when they please, MB P. BOWI.4ND thinks a water supply would be of more service than a line from Biyth to Crystal Brook:. THE " Catholic Monthly" makes an appeal to young men of the churcti to give better support to the H.A.C. B.S. THE " S, A. Times" suggests that Mi Jf attinsoi; should more for abolishing tha nominated system of immigration. G. A. SALA speaks of a chinaman in 'Frisco who bossed a lot of glee maidens, as having a face like an over ripe vegetable marrow. GLADSTONE and the Brook fighting for tbf extension of the Biyth line in their direction. Neither likely to succeed "just yet awhile." AN individual named Collins, possessing canabilistic propensities, has had to pay £25 for chcwing part of a wheat lumper's ear off. THE Crystal Brook farmers and others have changed their minds on the Biyth railway question, and have resolved to advocate the line. THE "S. A. Times" has discovered that our junior member has developed into an out-and-out Oppositionist and C<)ltonian. First we knew of it. REFERRING- to the receDt North Midland Road Board squabbles, the Mayor of Clare likened the Northern people to a pack of wolves, and would not be surprised if they asked the Parliament to sit at Gladstone," ON the Duke of Edinburgh's flag-ship, while the English fleet are bombarding Cronstadt, the Duke, excitedly, from the bridge :-" Hi, you men! Fire more south. Don't go pefting the Taganrog Palace; my father-in-law's left me that.' THE statistical record of Western Australia for the year 18S4 contains some interesting figures as to the progress of the colony. There venue for the year was £366,472 and the ex penditure £291,306. The total imports were £521,167 and the exports £405,693. MASSACHUSETTS has 80,000 old maids within borders-80,000 women who cannot become wires because of the preponderance of their sax. Rhode Island and Connecticut are almost as badly off-tens of thousands of these types ol sweetness fading away because of the same sexual disparity. A new cloi-.k ol great size, weighing 10 tons without the bell, which weighs two ions more, has just been completed in the clock tower of the Board of trade Building, Chicago. The materials employed in its con struction are iron, steel, and bronze. The pendulum alone weighs 750 lbB. AN itinerant cfbck repairer named De Johngs, has attempted to murder Mr Hook ing, near Hoyleton. But a gun which Hooking was carrying went off and accidentty shot " Clooky"' in the thigh. He has gone to the Adelaide Hospital, where he shortly after wards joined the " great majority." No one looking at Mr George Augustus Saloa, and noting the rapidity with which his eyes moye when his mind is engaged in the delineation of a topic, would think that the able iscturer had passed years of his iife in total darkness. It is so, however. During childhood he was three years totally blind. .* IN a few years," a writ or in the " Army and Navy Gazette," " Germany will be able to cope with a naval ooalition in any quarter of the globe. She is constantly augumenting the number and improving the qualtiy of her torpedo boats, and the tenaoity with which she follows up her purpose is a guarantee of her success. A writer to the " Perth Inquirer," on "Par ental Authority" says:-'"But there is an other social pest which, cancer-like, is taking a sure hold of many of the " rising genera tion," and that is the proneness of our youths to m»ke their utterances, however brief they may be, a series of slaogy vulgarisms and out rageous blasphemy.'' Very true, and this is not confined to Perth unfortunately. Juet before the late Bishop Selwyn left New Zealand he made a tour through the country districts in the North Island. One night he stayed with a wealthy squatter. During supper, a little six-year old fellow, who had been allowed to stay up to see the Bishop, hearing his father constantly saying '«My Lord," suddenly looking at the Bishop's plate and said -" Papa, won't God take some more potatoes ?" FBOM an American contemporary we learn that one of the uncrowned cattle protentates of Texas died the o'lier day, and, irom a record of his life, we gather that when ten years old he ran away from New York, reaoh ing the South as a stowaway. At his demise his wealth was $7,000,000; it was twentv miles from his front gate to his house and a single panel of the fence of his back yard was 105 miles in length. . A West Australian, with whom we are fellow sufferers, has inserted the following ad vertisment in the local paper;-Notice, As some gentleman is in the habit of paying noc turnal visits to my premises .and abstracting my wood, I beg. to inform him that sundry pieces are artfully chargedwith gunpowder. Alter this notioel shall-tyot hold myself res ponsible for results, but will allow both the law and the gunpowder to take their own course.-W. H. Turner, . THE Dublin correspondent of the London " Weekly Register" writes:-I must tell you one little anecdote pf the lovely woman who will one day, I trust, reign as Queen over these islands. At dinner at Dublin Castle one evening it chanced that her highly honoured neighbour, a gentleman who must Le nameless, made some depreciatory remark to the Princess fl-bont the people of his own land, which he doubtless thought was calcu lated to please the ear of a - lady yrho pould not be expected to approve of the rascal fat. f< Well," answered Her Royal Highness thoughtfully, " I thiuk th&t; the people of Ireland have been very badly treated." Is not ihe motto* of the Danish Sag " My strength is the Jove of my people ?" What could not. Alexandra do for Ireland if she 