TO CORRESPONDENTS. "ELECTRA."—The action of the play of "Hamlet" is Slippered to take place about the time of the reign of the Danish kings over England—a period which extended from 1016 to 1042. There are however, a number of anachronisms in the play in the shape of references to circumstances which did not exist until a much later date. The story of Hamlet is first told, so far as we know, in the *' Historia Darica" of Saxo Gnmniatic-iis, a writer who lived about a d. 1150-I*3o, and wrote his work about 11S0-120S. The story was afterwards incorporated in ?? BeDeforest's Histoires Tragiques" (1570), whence it was translated into English. ** Alfbed Mvees" writes:—"Now that it is decided that our volunteers'services are not required for the Soudan war, aud I believe it was estimated tha: £130,000 would be provided for the equipment of the various forces to the scene of action, L as a citizen, suggest the following to the immediate consideration of parliament :—l. That twelve thoroughly peactfea miners be each employed over a gang of say 50 men of our unemplo>ed, making a total of l.GOumen, to be provided with all necessaries suitable for working on a diggings. 2. That sucli parties search for gold awl other uiinerals in the range that is con tinued from the Barossa gold diggings righ'-. throngb to the Echunga and Jupiter Creek diggings, of course passing through the well proved diggings of Mount Pleasant aud Blumbcrg. S. That iv the event of during sucli search for gold a coal mine being struck (which would be very accep table to us) a special reward be prodded for the fortunate psrty or parties that should discover the same. 4. Let our members imagine that £30,090 onlj has been spent over the Soudan war in sending cur forces there, and apply the same amount to the caivying out of the foregoing suggestions, thus em ploy Lag our hundreds of unemployed over the approacliiEg winter, and giving our gold-bearing hiUs what tliey require—a complete turning over." "STOKBcirTTEt" writes:—"Allow me to bring under the notice of those who are interested in the welfare of the unemployed the fact that but for the extraordinary privilege granted to contractors of a certain class, more especially to those who are erect ing the Parliament Buildings, many of the unem ployed would be otherwise engaged than patroUiii" the streets day after day. I shall only attempt to deal with those of my own class, viz., stonecutters. Thzre are two large buildings in the city sup]>osed to be going on in full swing, and if that were the case they would employ about fifty cutters, whereas tbey are only employing about a dozen between tlie two jobs. Now it does not require much enquiry to find out who is to blame for over forty being ranked with the unemployed, and if this half-hearted way of carrying on those works does not take a change before long many of the number mentioned above will be included amongst those who are obliged to emigrate to the other colonies; and, as I heard it remarked the other day, will take the cream with them, which I suppose means all their savings. I noticed in a sub- leader in Friday's Adct.rt.istr the statistics of immigration and emigration. I shall only takethose from Januarj 1, viz:—l,7ls immigrants, and 2,293 emigrants, or a decrease of 578. We will say that SOO of that number arrived six years ago penniless. Since that tune they have managed to save JC2GO each. They have taken all this with them, thus showing in one sense of the word a loss to the wealth of the colony of £40,000 within the first seven weeks of tliis year. Now, if this state of affairs is allowed to exist when will South Australia be able to clear her debt off, and how much more will the people require to be taxed for that purpose ':" "A Si-Bsc-ni?E?."—The answer to your question depends on circumstances. We have no time to enter into intricate calculations ou the subject. Why not work it out yourself ? "Tucjias BARTLtTT.'"—We are informed by Dr. Seliomburgk that tlie plant known as the iiative melon is not poisonous. "Clexelo."—No. "C. t>.**—The figures j ou give are all odd mmYbers, and therefore five of them could not make twenty or any other even number. * SubscbibebV K.-trlina—Yes; it is always under stood that the odds of "Pawn and move"signifies "KB Pawn and move." "J. C."—For the junior examination at the Uni versity, cai djdates must be under sixteen years of age ou June 1 in the year in which they present them selves, but tlie University Council have under con sideration a proposal to alter the age to seventeen. A candidate for the matriculation must be at least six teen years of age. You can obtain ail information as to the subjects of examination from the calendar issued by the council. "G. A. N."—We understand that it is usual for a civil engineer to have some practical experience in an engineer's workshop to qualify himself for his profes sion. " IxQiismvE."—He is not entitled to a land grant stall. " St-Bscni?F?," Pirie-strce-t.—To obtain a situation on a sliip or steamer you must apply to the captain of the vessel. 