;?? '#@ba|!^' -&^w^s^{:}' ) Shepfikld I/News. — ! A .; correspondent writes : .— An lentertain'merit . of a .varied character,iiwas, given iat Wilsori'siHall on Monday, -evening. ' /it- consisted - of frThe land.welive'iny', illustrated1 by, views- and sketches, -of -itrayeliby! Mr.'.;Wi j'Watson ?Boyes, who appears i ito-v be. :an :.extensive traveller .i and.i accurate ' observer of men,: ' contain matter 'of great interest; land.;, in? struction. ,? He ralso igave some ;very-.in-; teresting dllustratipns '; I of . tthe power' ;of magnetism,;!- and .'.whatv.-he Ijcalls .''The electric 'cut ;' this.producedsgreat amused ment- and^ astonishment;: V Hisyblindfold seanceas . a. iwonder ;.in-' niental. 7 force,; and shows atpbw.er.'.bfiT-mind- reaalngvJthe only aid the hand of- anyone from; theaudience: Mr! Stackhouseonithei zither was listened to .with ?br&athless1; attention^ and a thunder of applause followed his telling 'perform- ance and accurate music. Mr. Roberts as accompanist * ''gave ' ainpl'e ' proof1 ' 'of ' his, musical)r ability, ' and'' quite carried' the audience 'with1, hiih'1' '.in- high class, music,' arid h'issbrigT'Th'e' British 'Lion/' brought dbwnthe lion 'without1 treading 'on his tail;, Two'1 hours; were' most agreeably. ypassedi. ari'd: the1 , entertainment 'is for repetition ' on Tuesday, when new'sorigs- and;imitation'bf various iristrumeniBon^ ^ the 'piano will be' g'iverilby;Mr.' Bbbert'si' a perfect 'master of music. '^ 'I understand .that/ the1, entertain menti'will shortly be given; 'at Longford arid! dressy.- , ?' ' ,. '; ' ''? ,'',/''' .': ' ?'?'?^??tl!- i 'MAJBr'AN'MBDWAt Dramatic' Oohpakt; — On^lGth/th'e Mariarif Medway -Dfamafcic- Cpriipany returned' to town after a success-! ful tour'.through ' the' 'Nbrth-West'' Coast districts.' 'It'was their ihteritibn tb'perform1 Ln;paunc'estbn for a'/shbrt season, b'ut'iri1 jbnsequence/bf'bbth.the' Mechanics' 'Ins^i-1 bute'andiOddfellows'!HaU ;beiqg erigage'di1 bhey have^decided ! to' give 'aperfbrmahce in the Pavilion, Town Park, particulars of irhich will be duly announced. A Child Killed by. a Fowl. — A re markable fatality to : a child one year and nine months Pld has (says the Liverpool Courier) been investigated at Little Hemp ston. ? The ?: deceased was taken out by a. neighbour's child, and almost immediately was heard to. cry as if in. great pain. The mother rushed :out and- observed:a large game fowl standing upon the head of her chiidi who was 'lying : upon its ' back in the road.; It seems. that the child had pulled the tail of1 the bird, which had immediately turned upon ,-,-it- --knocked' it downi and -struct, it , ? savagely three or four times: ifi succession ' with his spurs.1 The post-mortem examination showed that -the spur of the fowl; which was 2in.; in lengthy had pene trated tlie child's skulLbehind the left ear, and- all efforts ,, to save its-life were un-/ .availing. 1 -u,., . ..,.,?:? ',,. ??:.-.?.. .??.,-..-?:; !.??. .-t ? The Mahdi's: Lieutbnant.— Our cable-: . grams recently stated, the French Govern ment had called. on the British Govern-; meat to make an official enquiry into the -recently reported death' in the Soudan of M.. Olivier Pain, a well-known' communist,1 who, was, more, recently r known as ? the Mahdi's 'lieutenant. -- Pain- was reported ? to have died of ; feverj 1 but . his friend1 and 1 fellow communist,1 'M.-, '- Rochefort, wlio' .escaped, with him 1 in- an open boat from New. iCaledonia,: ; lately alleged - in ?? the Int rcvnsigeant that Pain had been assassi nated.at: the instigation of the ? British! authorities. An. exchange states that one; of M. iRochefort'sirierids; who had arrived -in.Paris from .Egypt, stated that:Pain had been seen at Debbehi on- his1 way back- to Europe, i On hearing. that. a- price had been iput on' his! head: : he concealed himself .there, and lay hidd«nitill he was informed that: notice had been:. sent: into all' the 'country through jwhich; h'e had ito travel .to, the jeffect.lthatlno ^reward wbuld''be given. 'He theriiproceeded on his'jburney,' but wasj. according i:to - M: Rochefort's friend,, assassinated. The same informant declared that; Colonel Schinidt knew that , Pain__had ,with him documents of , a most compromising character for. England,1 ; and1 that he offeredi a reward for; his . head, only, .to 1 prevent ,; their, ever , ; reaching/ : Europe. . Olivier ', Pain, it was, alleged, had been presentat thet capture / of. Khartoum, and ;knewZthat it; was- effected in a very : dif-; ,f erent manner ;f rom what the telegrams . re-i ceived in Europe had described. . ... .; ; /A Use .'pok .Cockroaches.— 7 A London journal , :(the Nonconformist of June 18) '( says :-n-''The English. housewife will be gladi ,to learn that/ a, use.has atlast been found1 .for an linsect, which she has .hitherto re7 . garded -with a profound, ', not .to say an ; un 'reasomngj ;, ayersion. ; -The ,. black beetle, ! -'which /has- been, the oceasion-pf so, many; /exciting domestic incidents, .may, ,if pro- ? ,perly' caught' and prepared, furnish a most delicious, condiment., .The recipe naturally -begins ,, with ,'. first/. catch., your:. beetle,': then,!put . him-an,. vinegar and .keep/ him \ Soaking for six.hours, when well saturated,, dry him'in the sun for at least twoilipurs. The puter.sholl will then be easily removed,: aiid' the ' flesh will resemble. .that .'of a shrimp. Having; thus prepared him put: ihim in; a 'gallipot,' arid by-mixing him upi iwith'floiir, butter, pepperj arid salt,- reduced ^him.!to;a''thick paste, stew in the oven'for: two hoursjand'when'coldserve with'bread- ' ?andjbutter. This opens up 'a' fresh' 'field: for; an 'energetic and devoted cook, who'-will jprbbablyi ' be ; ' -f pun'd r about the' nifdriight ? 'hour engaged1 in hunting the hitherto' des- i pisedbut now riiuoh -alueil insect,1 which: '.will form so 'delicate and ' origirial1 a;dish . ?for-nexteyenirig's! 'dinner:' :i' ^ '? ? ?? ?' ai \ , '?.;TrsE'pF!JA Dress 'IiiPROVER.— -A'-late[ ;Loiidori riewspaper;;says':-ptr;For 'the first : :timp'in! history- ;a dress ''improver lias1 been i 'of som'e'us'ei 'A'tallj majestic ia'dywasthe I other ? day walking along the pavementof a ? well-known-town, when from the : upper \ storey of ^tlie1 house which- the 'buttressed ' ! one' was : passing, a twb-^year-bld.'child fell ; out okthe wiudow: 'It would have dropped on -the pavement and beenkilled or maimed for lifehad not the.'dress improver, which is said ; to .have been '?? of enormous dimen sions- -intervened. -1 Tlie infant ;f ell on that biittress'.of 'wire, arid a- gentleman who was walking- 'behind- caught11 the -little creature beforb it ?' had time to roll off. The child -was unharmed, and the story goes that the ladies !of that town have one and all' from that day forth- determined to adopt the dressiimprbver as part ? of1 their toilette/' r::i !iu: ;- :?-?????.. ??( -/i!l' .'??.:???'?. Rates' at 'LiisLE:— Our correspondent writes ^Much dissatisfaction' is being ex pressed' by pccuparitsof property at present iriLisle at.the way'iri which1 deriiands are being made by the.Real Estates'Diities De partment ; for ' rates, chiefly for 1882. In many cases' demands are, being made for default on the part: of past occupants, the inajority of whoiri are put of the colony^ and one demand actually for prbperty that was destroyed by' fire in 1881,, yet the rate is demandbd' for 1882, though such destruc tion, was reported,', and a request made to, have name taken, off the roll..' This matter, requires investigation.' ': : ?.'.''/?: // Tasmanian Confectionary Company. , — By our advertising , columns it, will be nbticed'.that ' the above Company 'are now. prepared ' to : supply/ plain' and fancy con fectionery of 'all 'kinds; which may -be: obtained from : the ' principal '. Lauriceston ' merchants'.^ ?Thej'Compariy; at considerable. : expense, have1 .established a manufactory', , at Hbb'art, and'.cbnsideririg,; 'therefore, tha+ : : all the^'gbods' are made ' in'ttie' dolbny, 'the; most' ardent'prot'ectioriist'sho'uld' be' satis-..' I fled: '' 'Judging frbm'the;. ' different' samples; -.-^London mixturei'Scbtch: mixture,-; rnuskj and ?other lozenges— we ; can safely affirm'' that the Tasmariliap.Cbmpany's confectibiiery is' tf : ' superior 'article,' 'and: ' quite 'equal'1 to' any'' imported:1 ;'MessrsT Lindsay .'Tullbch! iind C6V are the lbcal1 agents; '/''._'' '.!'ll-? .' '':[ ^A'jspypiAi^GEN^ERAL/'VBBTi^a'^of, jihei shafehbiders'.,in|£.i|;hei'i Trfsmanian .'.''Stea^! ,| ^Navigation 'Company^' will 'iJfi ' 'Held :atr Hobart on 23rd inst. at 3 p.m. , The 'Pali. Mall Gazette' Disclos ?dbes.— The Pall Mall Gazette of 31st July states : — 'The report of the Committee of Investigation which has been sitting at the Mansion House to enquire into the truth of the damning impeachment of English morals and civilisation published three weeks ago by the Pall Mall Gazette was drawn up on Wednesday night. Tho Com mittee was in the highest degree repre sentative. The Archbishop of Canterbury, as tho Primate of the English Church; Dr. Temple,- as. the BiBhop of the groat city whose secret vices had been laid bare with so unsparing a hand ; ' the Cardinal Archbishop of Westminster, as the repre sentative of / the Catholic Church; Mr. Samuel Morley, as the most promi nent Nonconformist ; and Mr. R. T. Reid, Q.C., who supplied the legal element indis pensable on every enquiry where evidenco ?is'to be taken and sifted,' form a court of ?reference to the authority of which everyone must bow. At last we have' it' placed on record as the unanimous judgment of these five competent investigators . that t the system of criminal vice which bur secret commission exposed actually . exists, and that our statements ori1 that subject are ' substan tially true.' ThiB ' unanimous judgment, returned after grave deliberation, is now known throughput the world. Already, before the substantial accuracy of these awful truths was certified by tho Mansion House Committee, our report had produced an effect unprecedented in living memory. It was reprinted in America before it was reprinted here/ Of English reprints, au thentic/ and pirated, over1 1,500,000 have already been sold.' 100,000 copies have. been1 sold in Paris, where the report has been reproduced in book fbrrri as well as by in-; numerable newspapers.' It has' been trans-' latedinto Danish, and is now in course of translation for- publication in German, Russian, and Polish. ? Even before the judgment of the . Committee, the heart of England was deeply stirred. All over -the United Kingdom men and women have met and are meeting to declare with ever increasing emphasis that this organisation of 'crime shall be destroyed.' , : ; . The Daughters op the Prince of Wales. — A London journal of July 19 says :— ' The Princess of Wales took her /three daughters to Viscountess Folke stone's amateur concert last week. Tears may ripen the throe young, princesses and develop unsuspected charms, but at pro-; sontthey haye neither their mother's sweetness of expression nor their father's fine physique. Photography, like hope, sometimes tells a flattering tale/ It cer tainly does, in the case of the Princesses Louise, Victoria, . and Maud of Wales.. Their complexions also lack colouring, having at a short distance an- appearance of '..pastiness,' suggestive of- a want of healthy vigorous'' exercise. We fear the young ladies dp'not go on foot as often as ! they might, but prefer to act on the^ prin ciple of never walking when they can Jride'.' .-.'? An Unsatisfactory [ Contract.— Our Lisle correspondent complains that after a ?vote, of '.£500' had been with great ? difficulty ; obtained foi1 repairs to the Lisle road, and ; a contract let for the -work, the road is kow in a worse state than ever. His 'strictures, however, on! the parties concerned are too' strong for publication.' ? ? ?? i ? ??; - ? ' . i iA- . Telegraphic Co mpetition.— A con- ' jtest in .telegraph operating, open to all; .Victorian operators, will be 'held in- Mel- bourne on thel5tliand 16th October (says ?thei' ^Lrj7Ms) for1 gold 'and silver medals, given- J by - Mr. i Campbell, Postmaster General. The premier prize will be a gold ,'me'dal;;to be awarded1 to the best all-round operator. The best receiver of -messages and. the .best ..sender .'.will ea.ch receive a gold medal, and the, second best will win ,silver/ medals. , The Postmaster-General wili .appoint the judges and; accept their verdict as final. ?; There are to be separate contests in receiving and sending. The subject matter in each is to be a paragraph nf . SOD -Hrrtprin. ?. Tn . fclirt ' Ranriino* ' pnn^-.fiBf: nothing is; to be omitted, and the message must be sent' in full, including periods. In the- receiving contest the winner of the sending contest is to send to the receivers, who will copysiinultaneously. The sender is to abbreviate, while; the receivers are to write in ? full' with pen and ink. Signals must in all cases be recorded on tap.e.' The judges will have instructions to attach equal weight to speed, correctness, and legibility in giving their award. A gold medal will also be given for the best essay on ??'?'/The Progress of Electrical Science during^ 1885,' and ,tv silver medal for the second 'best;' tho manuscripts to be sent in by the 3ist'March,1886. The medals will be of same value 'as, the first and second medals for ; seridirig. Essays will only be accepted from persons on the staff of tne aeparimeni;.- ? Campbbll Town Waterworks Deben tu'res.! — Tenders were received at the Treasury np'to:nobri bri Tuesday, says the Mercury, 'for 'JSGfOO wprth of Campbell Town Water Trust debentures, to be issued under the1' 46 Vic.,' No'. 1.5, but although the reply was a fair' one, it was not entirely- satisfactory either in number or amount. Some were-sold as high as £& 10s above par down to par, cum interest ., due. it is believed that the reason this only partial response was 'made is due to the : fact that. the, principal is not guaranteed iby/'the'Gbyernmen't, as, well as the interest, ?but,1 if, .this is so, .investors have lost sight of 'the/fact!that :Undey.the,.act; whichem-: i powers them to raise] the money, . a; sum has': also 'to i be set asider annually, for tlie pur-, :posi3 of a'sinkirig/fund,' ;which. will oxtin-' igiiish''the' debt in. the. time for which the; i debentures are p'ropoBod to ,be taken. /The - ; G'bve'rnriient .are Iresponsible, not Jonly 1 for. ith'e.'pa^me'nt'of , ,the , tinterest,.,but' fpr the ;prppQr|SjereJBti6nJ,oiid . sustenance ,; of ..the; jsinking fund. It is expected that the rest .'of the debentures will go off privately in a !ew days. Our Railway Estimates. — Already .S65,000 in excess of tho .6120,000 voted for the construction . of the, Mersey line has been asked for, and .£2000 in excess of tho .£8000 voted for the Parattah line, while it is said that another .£60,000 will be required for the Dorwent Valley lino, for which .£140,000 was yotod, and another .£150,000 for the Scottsdale line, for which .£300,000 has been voted. The excoss, if any, required for the Fiugal line, for which .£150,000 was voted, is not yet known. Would it not be 23rudeut for Ministers to add another 50 per cent, to tho estitnntes for now railways submitted by them this session? The Scottsdale Railway. — Wo haye previously 23ointed out how Messrs. Fergus and Blair were hamjiored in commencing their contract for construction of tho Mersey Railway, by the delay of the Government in making arrangements for purchase of the land required. The conse-. quence was that the contractors were warned off several properties, and had to make a start three miles from Doloraiue, where a landowner permitted them to enter on his farm pending a suttlomunt with the Government as to compensation. Ex psrience is, however, thrown away on Ministers, and precisely tho aamo dilatory policy has been pursued with regard to securing the land required for the Scotts dale line. We understand, however, that one landowner on whoso farm the con tractors have entered before tho Govern ment have purchased tho railway route intends to tost tho question by suing the Minister of Lands instead of tho con tractors for trespass, holding tho latter as . merely agents, and tho caso will como before the Launceston Polico Court next week. ?...-?: The Torpedo Boat. — In tho Assembly ' on Tuesday evening, while tho supple mentary estimates' were iinder considera tion, the state of the torpedo boat was discussed at length, and Dr. Crowther made statements which if corvect-^-and appearances certainly go to prove thoy are — loave very little reliance to be placed on at least one branch of our Defence Force. Dr. Crowther stated that the boat was in first-class condition when she left England, that- she was tested on arrival at Hobart by officers of H.M.S. Nelson, and pronounced by them to be in excellent condition. Last year he had called the attention of the Attorney-General to the subject, who stated that a competent officer would bo placed in charge of the boat. This had not yet been done, and the result was that the boat had become almost ruined, aud was practically useless. When she was recently tried the heads shook off tho ?rivets, and she could not be driven at full speed for fear of sinking her ; in fact she ?nearly sank at her moorings, aud had to be put on the slip again. The Minister of Lands contended that the boat had been, injured on being landed from tho Abing ton, and therefore the officers having charge of her since her arrival were not responsible. Dr. Crowthor denied that this was so, pointing out that when tested by the officers of the Nelsou the boat was found to'.' be in excellent condition ; ho maintained that the boat had been ruined by incompetent managers. A: considerable amount of discussion ensued, during which the Treasurer stated that a competent man had been sent to England for, who would have charge of the torpedo boat and of submarine mining. It was then pointed out by the Treasurer that the item under discussion was not tho torpedo boat, but the-' shed,, and as a report on the boat; giving full particulars of her condition; etc., had just been tabled and would be published, members would have an oppor tunity of obtaining full information when the defence estimates came on for discus sion. The item was then agreed to, bub some warm discussion may bo anticipated when tho estimates in question are before the committee. Cressy. — pur correspondent writes : — On Tuesday evening at the Wosloyau Church the united choirs of the English, Wesleyan, and Baptist churches rendered that very beautiful and touching service of song from 'Uncle Tom's Cabin,' entitled, 'Eva,' in such a manner as, I should think, ought to satisfy the most fastidious. The 'Dead March' was played iu tho vestry, and had a very solemn effect, and the echo chorus, 'Waiting1 there,' also sung in the vestry by two ladies, had a very pleasing and mysterious effect, well suited to the subject. The service was in aid of the building extension fund of tha Wesleyan Church. Thoro was a full house, aud tho funds were augmented by .£5 7s, a very substantial aid. 'Traveller' should, take note of this, as he will see the Com mittee are not asleep. I hope it will not be long before we have the XDleasuo of hearing them again.- Tho last piece, 'Vital spark,' was especially well ren dered, and repeated by request. A vote of thanks to tho united choir and our very efficient reader, Mr. B. Archer, closed a very pleasant evening. ; Ale and Beer Drawbacks. — A return tabled in the Assembly on Tuesday shows that in 1884 ^83 was paid in drawbacks on colonial ale and beer, and JJ124 in tho : ; , : FingAl Railway. — The Campbell Town correspondent of the Mercury reports ? that 'the: plate-laying over the Stony Creek' i railway bridge was completed on Monday, land: the ballasting engine, crossed on - jTuesday.- It.: is expected to reach Avoca ? .in ? three vweeks, and ' Fingal before |Christmas;.!i The Stony Creek bridge and ; embankment is very substantial, and re flect: great: credit on the contractors ; and Government 'engineer,, Mr. Climie. '-Very!; general regret ia felt at the departure 'of the latter before the completion of the railway. ?: Tenders are incited- up -to 10 a.m. of - 22nd current, for the. luncheon tooth and .lopen bar in tho pavilion on the Longford ? Show day, also 'a 'Confectioner's booth, , and a band to play on Show day.- ? i ., Earth Tremor. — On 11th iiist a distinct j earth Bhock was felt in town. ' The tieinpr . was first experienced at 7'19 p.m., when ? a slight vibratory motion commenced. This oscillation increased, and alow- rumbling ' sound.was percoptible; doors and windows rattled for -about Jhirty soconds, at the end .of which time the wave passed. Mr. A. B. .Biggs informs U3 that the electric bells, .attached to his apparatus rang, indicating ; both a horizontal and vertical wave. _The( ?weather was sultry and calm at the time; not a breath of wind being perceptible, so! ?that the low rumbling . accompaniment ?«ould be heard with distinctness..' Our '.Lefroy correspondent telegraphed' at night; that a strong earth tremor was, felt there -last evening about 7-20 o'clock. 'The wind 'was from the north, , and' raining at the ? 'timo. . ?',''' '' '' ; , ?' ' Received— The Illustrated, 'New Zealand Herald for August 31st is also, to -hand; and ?contains a good selection of views and a ' double-page coloured supplement ^entitled 'The Young Prospectors.' ;,' . ' ''?'.' j Longford Circuit Court of. Requests.; —The October sittings of rtlib Longford Circuit Court of,Reguestsi has : been ,post-j 'poned from 14th to the 21st inst.; in .corise-. ?quence of tho Longfprd Show day. falling, on tho first-named date. - ' V '?''', ' '' ? ? ??- BeAconsfield Bazaar.— A fancy fair in connection with the. Church of1 England, 'Beaconsfiold, will be held' in;' the, Town 'Hall, Beaconsfield, on 23rd and 24th inst)., ?when a variety of useful and' 'ornamental! ^articles will be offered 'for' sale: 'During, 1 each evening vocal and' ; instrumental ?musicwill bo rendered. ?*' ''' '''_'.'' ''I Tashanian Rifle Association;— We ? .understand the Treasurer, has decided1, not to provide for the expenses necessary for .the proposed, joint committee upon; the' Establishment of a- Tasmanian, Rifle r As- 1 .'sociation until Parliament has dealt, with; the Defence Bill and the defence estimates' 'for 1886. This practically; shelves, an im portant question. As our readers :a'rej aware, the Southern Committee .decided to! ', confine the whole management ;and control, of the proposed 'National' Rifle Assoeia-| 'tion to Hobart, to which the Northern; : Volunteer officers ,, and northern and other , country rifle clubs strongly objected/and j it was decided that acpmmittee composed' , - f representatives of the four, country club's : .i iw in existence, . and, .the .Volunteer *. icers of Hobart and Launceston; should : Y: jet ab Hobart to ?'.discus's,, the. points in : ?? apute, provided the Government would '.defray the, travelling expenses of the visit-! 'ing delegates. This the Treasurer, has re- ' fused to do; and, therefore, when the de-; fence estimates are- before the ;House and j the item of '.£500 for National Rifle Associa- : tion.' is proposed it must either be granted ' to a Hobart Rifle Association, orberejected, for the anticipated National ? Association does not exist, and the Treasurer has fol-' lowed Major Dayies in endeavouring to ' drive a nail in its coffin.' ; When Minis ters choose they find no difficulty in spend ing thonsands.wjthout the sanction of Par- ' , liament, and think nothing, of presenting ,£40,000 or .£50,000 on the supplementary estimates. When they don't choose, & £5 note cannot be screwed out of them unless it has first been duly proposed in and sanctioned by the Legislature. Residents at this end of the island thought Minis ters were desirous of having the Tas manian Rifle Association properly organised ?on a national basis before Parliament was asked to'subsidise it, but it- appears they ,were mistaken. : ; r;;: ? ' ? ? The Late Mrs. W. A. Anderson.— ? A very, pleasing and at the same time faithful likeness of the ;late lamented Mrs. W. A.' Anderson may be seen in the window of Messrs. Hopwood and James's establish ment, in Brisbane- street.. The picture is enlarged from a photograph taken in Adelaide, South Australia, and attracted a good deal of attention from the many friends and admirers of , the^ deceased cantatrico. '-., ,'-,. .v ' . . Farewell Dinner. — We understand that last evening a dinner was given in the Coffee Palace by the non-commissioned officers of the Launceston Volunteer, Rifle Regiment,, to bid farewell to Sergeant Field* ; Captain Room occupied the chair, and in proposing the health of Sergeant Field pointed put . the great - loss the corps were sustaining by the departure of Sergeant Field, . who had always been a most willing helper in all things connected ?with the regiment. A very pleasant evsn ing was brought to a close at 10 o'clock. . 'Tasmanian Scholars.— By the last mail Mr. J. N. demons, Evandale, received the gratifying news . that his son, Mr. . J. S. demons, had passed his. final examination' at Oxford in classical 'greats' with' honours. Young Mr. Clempns will probably spend the next twelve months in a solid.-, tor's or barrister's chambers in London; previous to being called to the bar at Lin coln's Inn. From the London; Standard of 30th July we learn that Mr. F. Lodge passed in the final classical examination honour school at Oxford, obtaining' third class. Ho has been in residence only two years and eight months. ? -.: ?'.-?. '?:'?? ' Australasian Statistics.— We have received from the Government Statistician, Mr. R. M. Johnston, an advance sheet of Australian statistics for ] 884. The; full particulars relating to South Australia hav.e .: not yet been received, and as soon as they come to hand a complete return will be published. Theao statistics are extremely useful, enabling a com parison to be made between the different colonies in regard to area and population,1 form of government, finance, interchange, and production. . ?'; ?- ?;' -- '' : , __. Accident. — An.'... accident ,_of _.a ..rather, serious : nature happened to anian named ,William; Austin, -a, poultry, dealer, on lltli inst.!: It,a'ppears that he was; killing some poultry, i -when itho: ,'tinife slipped and separated the ring finger from' the little finger of the ? left ; hand. ?? The man was , taken to - the Hospital, : where: the inj uries were dressed, and1 ho left the institution. Absentee ? LANDLORDisM.^During the discussion , in the Assembly,, last week on Mr. Braddon's motion, ?' That it is desir able that the Real Estates Duty should bo assessed as to equalise its incidence and secure owners of property from, an' undue impost upon . their improvements,', tha question , of absentee landlordism : came . under discussion. Mr., Lette was, the most severe censor of absenteeisms advocating ari impost equalling .10; per cent, on ,the capital value of absentee : landlords' pro perties, compelling them either to sell out or to return to the; colony./ Mr: Gray ,'fullowed suit,, depicting in gjowing terms ', the bloodrsv.cking propensities of absentee landlords in other, countries.', There were no suggestions : made,, however, as to : the \- manner of reaching absentee landlords, and those who advocated this theory probably, overlooked the faotthat dummy ownership .and bogus conveyance -of land is not, an un known quantity, and that, generally speak ing, the, imposition of an absentee landlord tax.wouid practically fail to remove the: 'evil, complained ;of . , Mr;. Norton-Smith' . fitted the cap on . the : head of tho ,-.- Van; Piemen's Land Company, and pleaded their1 cause earnestly. Ho argued that the '.Com pany had expended half, a million of money' on their property, , and , should be ; looked upon: in, the same light as the; financiers in England whoadvanced money, on, loan fpr; (Piiblic works.', .Nothing came;of'thp. matter/ ^the .iresult .^being. merely; another hour .wasted iniusoless discussion. ,; ; : , . ).-, The ?DEftSvENT .^Valley ' 'Railway.— ? Work' ' on ! 'the Derweiit Valley Railway, is now progressing.very well, and the con-' 'tractor is' 'pushing 'ahead 'with his: w'ork.i During; 'this Week; av Goverhihent official has made an'7 inspection; of the line' to! ascertain' tlie 'most' favourable places'for, 'erecting water tanks' from1 which to supply, the boilers of 'the' engines. : We iinder-! stand that he accomplished1 what he was1 commissioned to ascertain/ andthatthe best sites were selected, were'mafked out, and thatrthe' tanks 'will be erected ' with as little delay .as possible:1 ; ,| : . ;; ';' ; ' : ! Sickness.— During, the past few weeks there has been a large amount of sickness' In town, and,there 'is ; hardly a family' in; which one or more members have not been, cbnrified to, the,house.forLa day. or two with; influenza;' fog , |fever,',or'r Jjilious, '.fever. Many. of. the poorer persons in,^ town :hay,'e; obtained ' admittanpe '.to ? the ,.' Hospital,: there tp| lay up while suffering from the; prevailing sickness, and . ihany ' have , been refused admittance in. cdnsequenee,of; . its crowded condition. '.We ! understand' that; at present there is not. a bed unoccupied in. the Hospital. .;., ? ..'. ..;.. ' . .,'? Homeward .BotrND. — .By. a Reutor's telegram received llthlnsti- we learn that the bark Don 'Jacintoi .'which left the Queen's Wharf ,on- May; 7th: with fa cargo: of bark .for ..Liverpool, has arrived in the Mersey.. It .will be -remembered that the Don Jaointo was detained about a fortnight in Lagoon ; Bay : waiting for sea men, and was not towed to sea till about the ,20th .of .May. On board the Don Jacinto is Mr. Robert Scott, 'son of Mrs. Scott, of Myrstreet, Windmill -Hill, and who' was well-known in cycling and. tem perance circles; who left Tasmania to see a little, of the world., His many friends will be, pleased to; learn, of his safe arrival in England, i ? . : . ; '?'??'? : ' : ; Public Works!— Tenders will be received up-tb 30th inst; by the Director of Public Works for the following works :— Erection of school and residence at George Town; erection of atatiori-master's residence, Avbca ; post and telegraph offices, Long ford and Campbell Town, and roads, Parish of Graham and Ppnsohby (Old Bashan Plain Roads), contracts 1, 2, and 3. Inveresk- Police Station. — Mr. Boucher's contract for additions to and other work at -the. Inveresk Police Station 13 now finished in a, very satisfactory manner. A new cell has been constructed of good 'size, a reel-house erected where a fire-reel, is to be kept in case of fire at Inyeresk,'and other outbuildings have been constructed. We may add- that the Cor poration .are having asphalt laid down round the 'building, while; a quicks thorn hedge has been planted, and shrubs placed in the grounds. . A most .important work, -however, has been left undone, that is ., the j construction of a rpadway to enable ,the Fire ; Brigade to transport the, reel,from the shed to the scene of a conflagration in-time to be of service. At present thev road- is a mere quagmire and almost impassable: ? '. In the Park adjoining about two hundred sheep are now. grazing on .excellent herbage, and this will have a beneficial effect on the young grass. A pound; has been con-, str,ucted, which is placed under, the ;care of; Acting Sub- Inspector Walter ; Scott, who, ' is in charge of the station. . . . . : '-? .;:.;. ? The Recent Accident on, the L. and W. Railway. — It appears that the par^ ticulars in reference rto the accident which' happened to one of ; the L. ' and W^; Railway1 trains ' on : ; Tuesday, last were somewhat exaggerated by our in formant. It appears that the plank, which fell off the truck and stuck in the per manent way,, did not break any of the handles, but only bent some of them, and' that it did not carry away the guard's ' look-out ' recess, but only broke both ,' window 'panes in' the 'look^out.^'' The! plank also grazed the sides'of the carriage, .tiiting the varnish 'off,- and1 chipping the - corners a littlei ' ' : r.-: ;l. :'???;' .-' ':': -Indian Troops for Tasmania.— Mr. Bird made a suggestion during the dis-, oussion on the Defence Bill that was worthy more consideration than it received at the hands of lion, members. He pointed out that annually a number of British soldiers were discharged from the service in India, after having served their twelve years in the army. General Roberts had already considered the propriety of sending a shipload of discharged troops to tho colonies, the vessel returning with horses. Mr. Bird suggested that these troops, who were thoroughly drilled men, might be given grants of land conditionally on their! settling in Tasmania, and holding them selves in readiness to bo called to arms should danger threaten tho colony. ' There is no doubt that a much more desirable^ 'class of immigrants would thus ; be'1 ob-; tained than some of those our late Immi gration Agent sent to Tasmania. ; ' Sacred Concert.— -The first of a pro-, ? posed series of sacred concerts was given by the members' of the City Band in the Invalid Depot- : Grounds ? Sunday after noon, under the: cohductorship of Mr. A. Wallace. There 'was a very large attend anoo on theocasion notwithstanding the ? dull, audi threatening appearance of the sky. .With; admirable tact the hour fixed fwas four o'clock, :so that the concert in noi way xinte'rfered with- 'the attendance1 at ? Sunday-schools or afternoon services. ??- . ?'. :SilVerI.'or GoLD.-^-The right of staffj officers' to wear (jold trimmings has long , beena moot.point/ but in the Assembly the! ^Treasurer on Friday; week most dis-; .tinctly stated that staff officers were not entitled to claim ' ; that; distinction; TKe: point was raised by Mr.'R6oke,who askedj for ; information on the; question; saying; that it seemed to him absurd that as soon; 'as a man -joined the staff office he jumped; iinmediatelyi c from - silver: braid to gold.; The Treasurer f replied' ithab staff officers, certainly- had no right to wear gold-braid,: and; those who did so were claiming a j jprivilege whiohthey did not'erijoy. ' ??' ;? j DeatbT o!f' an old' PRESSJfAN. !-;-rrTljei Melbourne ' journals ' record the; death; oh: 9th' inst., at his residence, Fit'zrpy, ''of ''Mi ; ?Geo.';Gleririy'' Wilson, one' of ; the oldest1 journalists in the' city, and who was uni-i :versally esteemed and respected: Mr. 'Wilson, 'who 'was related: by marriage to Mr. 'Jas. ' Smith, Tvhose high position in; journalism 'is known throughout Australia,; came Jto' Victoria' 30 years'ago. ( He was1 engaged in1 the banking business in the old; couritry,'but the confinement to office work in London so weakened a naturally delicate ?constitution ; that , he was obliged to emi grate.: On. his arrival .he went into the ' bookselling business, which he soon left 'for journalism. . For . nearly 30 .' yearsj he'Uias ; been uninterruptedly connected; with the Press, of later years 'chiefly in the; capacity of Melbourne correspondent for provincial papers, being the correspondent ; for very manyyears of the Ballarat Courier, Bckdijjo Advertiser, and other leading pro vincial journals. Only five days before his death he caught a violent cold, from which he never recovered. . ' Western Tasmania,, ttt At the fourth ordinary general meeting of the Victox'ian 'branch of the Geographical; Society -of Australasia, held on; the 4th inst. .at Gunsler's Cafe, Melbourne. Mr. G. S. Griffith (for Mr. C. P. Sprent, Deputy Surveyor-General of Tasmania) read a paper entitled 'Explorations in Western Tasmania.' The writer described the many difficulties encountered in exploring in Western Tasmania through the moun tainous and scrubby nature, of the country, and then gave, short accounts of various explorations he had made through different parts of that side of the island. . The highest mountains in it were about 5000ft. high, and the rivers were numerous. The flora was interesting and varied, including some very valuable timber trees. The animal kingdom was badly represented so far as numbers went, but there was plenty of variety. ' Tho only eatable animals were the ., wombat and the badger, but although thore was little, game, there was plenty of vermin, particularly tiger-cats— the most destructive beasts imaginable. During the summer months a few fish could bo ;obtained in the rivers, and cray fish could be caught on the coasts, but the sea. was generally too rough to allow the pastime or occupation of fishing to be fol lowed. Tho results of mining and pro specting in Mount Bischoff and Mount Heemskirk were referred to, and it was stated that gold was found in almost all localities .'on. the western coast— in some parts in payable quantities. The other mineral resources of the country were mentioned, and the writer concluded his paper by stating that the future prosperity of the west coast of Tasmania depended upon tho value of its mineral resources j and although present prospects wore not so bright as they were a few years ago, he considered that its resources were destined to convert its wild, -and desolate regions into scenes of busy (1 industry, and ? the; dwelling-places of a prosperous community of miners. ??'?'??' : ??''/ !.F'bee Trade and Protection. — A writer in the Sydney Mail, referring to the two maps recently issued as supplements by;the two Melbourne weeklies (the Australasian and the Leader), .says :'? — ' Some amusement has been created by, certain divergences between precept and practice, which have been exhibited by bur two leading weekly newspapers. One of them is a, staunch freetrader j and having occasion to issue a map of the rainfall of the colony, en couraged native industry by having . it executed in Melbourne. The other journal, which is a zealous advocate of protectionist principles, also issued a map of Victoria,. ;but put' it into the. hands of an Edinburgh^ firm to execute, although it could have' been produced equally well by the litho graphers, b£ the city of Sydney.'' '''.'?; '.'?':; Hospital Board.— The . meeting ; for which a call, of the Board has been' mado will be held on the 24th iustant' 'instead of last Thursday evening, as many of the members were' unable to attend on the latter day. Interesting' to Travellers.— At Mel bourne, on 7th. inst., a case of much in terest to the travelling public was tried, in which 'Mr. J: H. H. Olutterbuck and his, wife, of Hothami; sued Joseph ' Currjr, a tailor, in Collingwood, for injuries received by, Mrs. jChitterbuck ,in consequence of a fall'froin the. defendant's cab. 'She said that while' she l was getting out of the cab .at the, corner . of Bourke and Elizabeth '? streets, it moved oh, causing her to fall' heavily and sprain her ankle severely. It was answered that the driver was not the ; defendant's servant, as he hired the cab; and horses daily, and could do as he liked; with them all day. His Honor hold this a! good objection, and directed the jury to; find a verdict for the: defendant, on the! ground that the defendant was not liable, for the fault of the driver, if any ; but they i refused to do so, and said thdy wished to ; give a verdict for the plaintiff for .£100. His Honor pointed but that .the only result; would bo anew, trial, and fiaally a verdict: was given by, them for the defendant. | Telegraphic.—; 'A new telegraph station ; ,was opened yesterday at Double Island , Tbin't, Brisbane. Tho N.W. ? Coakt ' line, j : which ;was -interrupted on , Saturday last I 'beyond, Table1 Cape, was restored on' Mon^ ; day; ' Madras ' advises that - the1 Turkish ; telegraph route was interrupted on Monday , between Bushiro. and,,Tao.,t Messages via Turkey will \\.. pass', over'; .the interrupted section weekly , by mail ^steamer. | » Billiards.-1^ At the Workmen's Club, on ' Friday evening last. the final game' of a; Grand Champion Handicap Tournament was : contested. , The ,players, Messrs. ShepHerd ; and Holmes/ were' about equal1 favourites, i 'Shepherd; conceding, to : Holmes : fifteen i points in'a game of 115 up: Holmes won by; nine points in twonty-seven-ininutes. , Cheap Fares to , NI .'VVv. Coast Ports. — ' The fares charged, by.', 'the Launceston i and. N. W. '. Coast, S. ,N;'; Company for thej conveyance of passengers by their steamer: ? to and from' Launceston a.nd N.' ' W.: : Coast pbrts have been reduced. This is in! .con sequence of the completion of the railway to Fbrmbyj ' niany travellers who used '. to i proceed' backwards and forwards by thb| steamer taking(. advantage of the railway.; Tho Company!, have! reduced their fares ; to induce the; public' , to patronise their; steamers. , The Mersey can. ripw be.reached! 'by water for'7s 6d,the Leveri:for lOs.'Emu1 Bay for 12s 6d, Circular .''Head' 'for' 20s, saloon^ ' ' ' ? .-'?' ' ? ' ' '..|': ' '' '. ' .' '.' ' 'Dorset Road Trust and ' Board L^Tliei usual monthly meetings of th6' Dorset' Road TruBt . and 7the, Dorset Main Road, Board, which, 'were to, have been held in' the class-room jof. the Mechanics' Institute' on Mpnday,'lapsed'for V&nt;' of a quorum. :: Mems. from the Waterworks Depart ment.— The ; laying of: the 4-inch '. pipes in Fo3ter-Btreet is completed, and the) work of connecting' the houses in the street is being' proceeded with. The 12-inch' and 15-inch mains', have been .', scoured from; Distillery Creek dam to the,intersection of ; Margaret and Brisbane streets., On W;ed nesday last some large pieces of rock and a quantity of earth had fallen in from the 'side of the tunnel near St. Patrick's' River. This ha3 since been removed, and the defective place re-timbered. Art Furniture. — Mr. Magnus Susman, having decided to enter into business in Melbourne, has disposed of tho whole of hid magnifieent Btbck of art furniture. Messrs. Dempster and' Pearce. have become the : purchasers, and a clearing sale t will be. hold for fourteen- days, when a splendid chance for furnishing , will' be' given, as special terms willbiB mad-j'for large purr chases. ' ..:.'.''..' ... After Four Years. — At the Police Court, Hamiltbn-on-Forth, on Sept. 11th, before Messrs. P. C. Maxwell. S.Mi, and J. H.' Dundas; 'J.P;, Richard Martin was oharged by the poliee with having a hoe in his possession, the property of Albert Wblley. Mr. C. Hall appeared on: behalf of the prisoner, who pleaded not guilty, From the' evidence of the prosecutor it appeared that the hoe, valued at 5s, was stolen in October, 1881. In crossexamina tion the prosecutor said that he bought the hoe from Mrs. O'Donnell, and that a Mrs. Reagan took a receipt written by him for Mrs. O'Donnell to get her husband's signa ture, but that the receipt was returned unsigned. Mrs. Reagan, upon being sworn, said that when she took the receipt to Mrs. O'Donnell the latter told her that she had. never sold a hoe to tho prosecutor, nor had any one belonging to her. Mr. C. Hall addressed the Bench, pointing out that there was not the slightest evidence that Martin stole the hoe, or that it had ever belonged to prosecutor. The Bench dismissed the case. . Colonial and . Indian Exhibition.— ?. The Royal Commissionhas received infor mation that active preparations for the Colonial and Indian Exhibition are being made in India and the, following colonies : The Dominion of Canada, New South Wales, Victoria, South Australia, Queens land, Western Australia, New Zealand, Cape of Good Hope, Natal, Ceylon, Mauri tius, Straits Settlements, Hong Kong, Jamaica, Trinidad, Barbadoes, Leeward Islands, Windwa*d Islands, British Honduras, Bahamas, West African Settlements, Malta, Gibraltar, Cyprus, and, Fiji. -In most of the colonies, Commissioners and sub- committees have long since, been appointed to undertake tho , arrangements for securing ; the most complete representation of the producta. and reBourcbs.of their .colonies, at the Ex 'hibitioni , The Gitarant'ee,Fuiid.had;on..lst l^ugugj^reached tho!sum pt #195,920,/ . :' 'io a-sj-Iw-. li'J^'fJ ,-.i:::'I rnf..'T .:i...i.'J /;-': ??li'iiL . The ,' Harmonious Blacksmith.'— On Saturday last, a young; man named Wm. Albert Richardson, was remanded at tho Hobart Police Court on a charge of steal ing an overcoat belonging to Mr.' Hood, at a meeting held on 12th May last, and which a, few days ago ho sold to a fellow workman at Messrs. Burdon and Son's, coachbuilders. . Richardson is the. party who, some years ago,, was known in Laun ceston as the 'harmonious' blacksmith,' and in the early part of 187.8 received a sentence for larceny of some jewelry., It appears that upon the larceny , of, Mr. Hood's overcoat being traced' to : him, a wan-ant was' obtained; for his arrest, but Richardson1 got wind of, the affair, and dressing himself , in' Woman's 'clothing went on ;board. the s.a. .; Te Anau on ' Thursday evening, intending to leave by her for New Zealand; The Mercury states' .that the supposed lady ,was handed up the gang way by.a constable,, and at once proceeded to the forward cabin..' Detective/Delarioy and Sergeant Oakes were on' tho. steamer watching that Richardson would 'not , get away'; but, though !they passed' him over and. over again, while fondlinga fractious child,, with whose mother he .had made friends,! they , did. not recognise i him. Richardson, apparently/' h'owever,.in spite of his disguise, appeared tff have be'entob frightened to leave .by'jthe ateame.r, and shortly before the Te ' Anau! left the r wharf he'walked ashore, the rich silk dreg's he wore, and theblack veil 'covering his 'facej completely, deceiving the.detectiYes; On.the ?following' oyening; he'wa's^arrest'ed in a bbarding-hbuse ^by^ ' pe'tective1 ; Delaney and Sergeant ' Plane, ?'?' and ' 'admitted-' -Having stolen the coat; but said that he could not help it/^and 'that {in'facjn. he was a klepto maniac. He told the..story of his attempt to leave,' the colony,, 'by-.the .Te^ Anau in woman's clothing, and.said that he thought when he saw, the constables that. he. was sure tp.be .arrested, , and vtherofore, walked ashore again. ?sPn.the police SGarching- his residence in; Brisbane-street,; a, barometer, a ,-; dporrscraper,, and,, other, articles , ;were found .which , are knp,wn',by. thepolice to have been, stolen. ,.j -rn . ?;,., ',, .,. ',].. , , '.,,. The -Regent, Royal,: Weddino. — The Melbourne Herald says:!— -A. prominent English newspaper, goes so far as to express its regret 'that among the ' presents ' dis; played -on ;the occasion . of ; the ',. Princess ?Beatrice's. wedding; there were none from the colonies., A tiara; of /Australian,' gold bedizened with Eimberloy, diamonds! would liave;. spoken: volumes'!' i.N^o doiibt. ..A tiara of. gold bedizened ? with diamonds would be very handy for; a young lady, who has married a gentlemen xwiih/oniy, a hundred and twenty' pounds' a,: year, as when ;. the lucky, husband has! spent ! the thirty thousand pounds, . John Bull'. gave the. bride,, the impecunious 'spouse may fall back on the valuables, as .the Duke of Teck did on the Princess Mary's furniture at Kensington Palace. The; liberality of the Australian colonies in season and ou'fi of season is . proverbial, and certainly re quires no stimulation from the English Press. Even Australian generosity might, however, betaken aback at the intimation that it should furnish tiaras of diamonds and gold at every royal wedding, when i is remembered that in, a. year or two' those 'occasions' threathen to '.be! alarmingly frequent. ; : ? . ,.;,.,, . Clergymen's Salaries in Mblbourne. t— Which minister ; .received tho largest stipend in. Melbourne (s.aySj an {exchange) has often been the cause of much discussion. The Rev. Dr. Jones Hatner, of, the. Collins street Independent Church, gets ^1400 per annum, which tops the list. The minister of the Scots' Church receives ^SIOOO. The Rev. C.. Strong/while pastor, was, however, in receipt of .£1200 yearly.. The Bishop of Melbourne's salary is .£1000 per annum, and the minister of the Toorak : Church receives .£800. Tho same amount is received by other ministers of tho Presbyterian de nomination. The standard in the denomi nation is fixed at .£300 per annum. The ministers of the Church of England and Wesleyan denominations are by far the worst paid amongst tho ' black cloths,'- .£200 being considered a splendid salary among them. The- Congregationalists or Independents pay all their ministers, hand somely, and d6400 a yearis a common salary among them. ? ?; ? : .. / A New METAL.-r-Nprwegiuni is the name given to another .new metal, which is now added to our; rapidly-growing list' of elements. It was discovered; by. Dr. T. Dahll in examining a specimen of nickel' ore from Kragero, in Norway. , It, is a malleable metal, of white colour, with a tinge of brown. It presents, when pure, a metallic lustre, but. on exposure to: the atmosphere becomes coated with* a thin film of. ;oxide; its. hardness ' is . about that of copper, . and its specific gravity is 9-4441. At350deg. C. it meltsi From its physical properties and' chemical, reaction it appears to differ from every other known metal, and Dr. Dahll claims ' for it a dis tinct individuality; '', ' ? ' . '. '??'?'?-. The Rev. :Chas';: Strong. — The. Mel bourne Herald says : — All; sympathisers with liberal, earnest/ and practical Chris tianity-will be gratified at ? the .success which is attending the Sunday services of the Rev. C. Strong.' We understand that the preliminaries for the formation of a Christian Church have been arranged, and land having been purchased in ah advan- . tageous position, it is intended very, shortly to erect . a handsome commodious church. We believe that the 'present congregation will shortly have the whole matter laid before them. In the mean time offers of assistance, altogether un solicited, are coming in froni all sides,' and several thousands of -pounds; have: already been volunteered ';- and/ strange to say/the two first amounts offered were i - from wives : of Presbyterian ministers., r What .will the i Presbytery-; Bay totbaif.i .; ? ? -1 ;. hat. ^;- i ...r ?;??;;.'. .will L;ii!-jiii./hir. t:! ! j : ';??) oiij :.;c: ! £'i:j,;:i ?s.'i:i)'jryiu03 ji!;.;i-j -j./l ii'.-M'i1/ yni .',; : .-Mr.' G. L. Andrews.— On -Monday even ing next Mr.- C. . L. Andrews, the' young Australian lecturer, will deliver a1 lecture ?on ' General Gordon.' His Worship the ?Mayor will preside. The Press 'in the, ?other colonies speak in the most laud'atqry terms of the: young lecturer's powers , of eloquence, .while private testimonials , from h'is Excellency. Sir, If. ' B. Loch, Dr. Thorn ton; Bishop of I Ballarat, hons. James Ser vice, C.J. Ham,' and W; F. Walker] all confirm the good opinion, formed by the leading' journals. Mr. .Andrews speaks; without the aid of manuscript or notes, and gi\rfes '.?withl,eas.e'.'and'. accuracy '.quotations from the'speeches and writings of .eminent men. , His: voice ..is very strong and clear, enabling him to be heard in ;the largest* building/;; He. is, a son. of Mr. Charles' Andrewsrth'e- well-known member of Par-. liamenfc'for1 Geelong in' 1880, 'is h, Victorian; natiT^ilandJhas' won J113 laurels in';tlie land o£,':,h'is . birth'.1? .'Hojis' also 'a ? graduate [olj Melbourne TJniTersity;' \ Such is the 'orator' who on Monday, next , will take for .his sub ject ,tlie iipble '; character and, life of.Eng laadVlatest martyr.. .?-!??', i' / ? ? , .IPBOPOSBD ' iNDTTBTBljili; ? ExHIBiTION.-1— ' T-he-tisual' weekly.' meeting of tlie.Executive, Committee cohna'ctad with' the! proposed industrial exhibition was held in the Town . Hall Thursday' afternoon.- , There, Kw'aB;._,a, large attendance. The, Mayor occupied the chair.',. The minutes of,,the'.preyious meeting 'were ;read ; and confirmed. .The' Mayoristated.that the deputation while'ln' Hobart had d»ne good '-work. \The're'was; nothing'new ;to- report ; except : that ; the deputation waited a; day ^longer than ';was ' intended^ sb'as to' 'inter; vie;nr 'Ministers, . He' . then' stated ' ', what .tad1, been / done at ',tlie i inte'r'vieT?;'-) ,'ap.d i , its, ,' result^ . 'particulars V of \ which ,\'haye(. already: !;been published) in: these. coiumnB. ... He also .stated - that since his- ^returnv.a [correspondence had1',1 been ?carried on- between -himself, Alderman Sutton (who remained in Hobart), and the hdni'Adye1 Douglas 'and Mr. H. E..Lett'e,; ithd'result'b'f which was'.summed up' in. ..the; ^qU6wing.'paragraph.'in,'th'e.3f ercury, which; '?he rre'adr- ' ''Negotiations haye been going ?on 'i within the Tlast: few days between' the .Premier. 'arid the t Mayor; of] Launceston,' witfrMr; H.E. Iiette as' accessory, in re-; 'fefence'to^the proposal' that a permanent :stru'cture sliould'.be i erected,' to be used first ?of/all ', as:: an!', exhibition ''building!. ; Mr.' Ddii'glas '.first of. all stipulated that, plans :an'd specifications, should be referred to the Goyernmenti,befpro'.they would support the ?vote.in the, House; but Mr. Button pointed ou.t'that this ;would 'involve a cost of at ' least :£i00, which would' not be .justified until the intentions of the Government wore' definitely* known:; ' especially ' as 'the. pro moters' of the exhibition were already con-; siderably,,,out of. pocket ? through their exertions.,' ifMr.jLette.np-vy states that the Premier .has altered his decision, and is prepared ' to support kb e rote on the con dition that the plans are submitted to. and: approved by the (Government before the money is' paid ibyer, even if voted, and that he will bring this before the1 Cabinet for its consideration.' He might; say that he wassatisfied that if the. .deputation had not eone! down' they would hot have had a' show in the debate ' on. Thursday last. (Hear, hear.) Mr.- -Farrelly corroborated ? the' Mayor's . statement, and rea;d! telegrams he had received from Mr. Lette/ » He .also read ; a; letter he had re ceived fromJKeibey.and his reply thereto., He-had- endeavoured',1 and he thought suc cessfully,! to disabuse »Mr.' Eeibey's mind of Bome-wrorigdmpre'ssions he had inconnec tion- with the exhibition. ; He'had riot the slightesji' doubt', that' Mr; Keibey would be a staunchsuppprter of the exhibition now. They received, great encouragement, from. the'hon.1P1.,'O;'E;ysh; ;?. Ho believed, with the; Mtiyprlthat; if '.the ? deputation, had ,not gone dqwn.they: would not ? havoj carried the vote.'^-The'' only-decided opposition' the vote 'received' was from Mr; G.1 J.Davies. Mr.' Far relly ' thought that 'they should' ad j ourn the' meeting until, afterlthe Rebate :in,the Hbuse/p'f;rAsseni'li]yi':!that .evening.., ,;Mr.: Diigan'. said'ji'he, 'had - been a ,,great ,deal around; to,wn and had never met a trades man vwhoi objeoted1 to the i exhibition, as had been stated. - (Hear; hear.) Mr.: MarBh proposedthat 'the best thanks of1 the Com mittee be? given' ' to the members , of the deputation 'for, 'th'eirzeal.in^this matter. Mr.'M.'E.,:Eo^inspn seconded the resolu -fcioiij wh'ich' was .carried unanimously. ;Tlie, memb'ersjpf [the,' deputation acknowledged ?the yote.'.'jThei-Chairman. said : that Dr. Agnew r would' support the vote, ?? and Mr: Farrelly said that ' Mr.' ' Cameron had also' promised to 'dp so. r' v':' ' ' ? .: ? : Latjnceston'';Acapemt op Music.— A meeting'of sharehplders of the Launceston .Academy .,'pf ,, , Music V w£ s , held ; in - . the Mechanics* Institute oriThursday. Mr. .C. ?H.: Smith occupied, the. chair, and there -was-).a large attendance- of sharehbldnrs. Mr. iWm'. Eitchie,1 the Company's 'solicitor, .-attended and'rba'd the ' deed, of association,' :and'the, rules and regulfttions of the' Coih 3-anyl,,-irhich,'iyith';the addition, of '.a. few .-ameridments, ' were- agreed , to, upon the, motion of Mr., Robert Gardner, ; seconded Tby Mr.Dunriing. The following directors, -we're appointed :— Messrs.- C. H. Smith, M.' E. -Robinson, E:M. King, R. .;Fl' Irvine, 'Robert Gardrier,J. C: Ferguson, andB.'P. Farrelly.'' Messrs! H.Weedon and ,Geprge HarrapV were unanimously appointed .audi tors'j' ''Messrs. Ritchio and'Parkeri solicitors -of tlie Company, and' Mr. M. Stackhouse, . ; secretary., ij ; In;.ans'weri to r enquiries thei Chairman said! 'that .4609 shareB had been -taken up, but before. the meeting--closed 100 more were taken upi' making a total' of 4709 'sharesallotted but of the maximum of :5006'. Ayvpte'pf thanks ,to 'the chairman 'brought a most, successful meeting to, .a, . -close':; .'.'Weimay mention that , Messrs;. ,J.:, ;anSTl Gurin, theebntractorsi made arstart with.'i the. .^continuation .-/ of : ithe building yesterday, andit is' confidently anticipated' that by Christmas the |edifi,ce' willbe cpm jplete. '' ??'?'?' '''?' '?''' ' ' .''?' ' ' La-qnoeston Savings Bank.— The ad journed half-yearly 'meeting of managers of the Launceston Savings' Bank was held Thursday in the banking-house, Patter son-street. Mr. J. J. Hudson occupied the chair., The report read by the actuary stated jihat'thero jhad- been a steady pro gress in the deposits, received,, although the repayments \ had been proportionately heavy. ;The; deposits received during the half-year were &42.&&1 6s lid, .and the. re payments', ^842,6^1 8s . 8d, .showing .an increasein the deposits i of -6212 18s 8d; the : deposit account standing iat J5122,271, 6s 6d. Interest has been carried to the credit j of depositors at the rate of four , per cent. j and ^590 has been' added to the reserve ! fund, increasing that . fund to, jS10,141 Is 9d. A small balance remaining was carried ,to profit; and loss account, which' now, istands'at::ie650 :5s'i ;Tlie: number of new' j accounts opened, was 530, and closed ,410, jan increase^of ,120.'. ':Tho,:total number '.of , iaccounts now open ; is j 7736. The meeting iclosed with a rote of ] thanks to thechair jman. ..';..: .' i .-..' . ? \ ?' .-'' ?! Thb Late; Mb. C»- A. ? V6n Stibolitz.-^ !Our obituary notices 'contain the name, of jMr. C. A. Von Stieglitz,' whb|'di'ed'Vin' Ire land in July last, but! who was formerly 'a 'Victorian colonist,;' and has'-. 'relatives ,'iii; Tasmania. The, deceased,; gentleman, we learn from the 'No'yry Tciegraph,,yv.a.a the youngest brother, of .Baron Von Stieglitz, and was the, .descendant of 'ah' old Saxon family, which was1 ennobled' by Rudolph II.' in'1583 ; ite last patent being conferred in 1765 by the Emperor l;Jpseph II. ',In 1840 ho, came tp:; jVicioria,', and .'.devoted' himself to the.' raisipgof . flocks -and! herds,' tho'ininirig township of i iStiegiitz/77, miles west of- Melbourne, rbeingV named; ! after, him. Fortune smiled; ;.upo£°.i himi= and, after ten or twelve : year a of- exile, he re turned to his native land, and took' up his residence 'on ;ari estate of his at; Glenaule,' in the county Armagh. . Here ho resided for .four '/years, and .on 'his, xempval to Ro8'trevor' liis 'tenantry, presented h'i'ui with an addreBS, in which they: said i-r-'f In spite of political excitement, , or 'religious dis-, cord, to all alike, of all'class'es and 'creeds,-' your benevolence -'is -well'1 'known to us, which' makes : your absence the more to'beregretted;' In 1860!iM[r; Von Stieglitz was appointed to the Commissipn. of the Peace .for :the county -iPown',, in which capacity he was a regular, attendant at the Quarter and Petty Sessions; , A staunch supporter of the Church oE Ireland, he was opposed ! ' to the Disestablishment,1 arid he ' renderedgopd service asa member, of the General Synod. The Telegraph' s&ja;^ 'To, all alike ho was. generous and considerate,, and his memory will long be cherished .by the people of Knpckbarragh. His. death will be a, serisible , ioss to, the community, and, to MrSvYon . Stiegliti! ' and his other, relatives the greatest sympathy^ will be extended, in this' affliction which has bereaved them of one whose home and family ' existence was in, every respect perfect.' ' '? '? ' ????'?'' The 100 Mile Bicyole Ride* — As our readers, are doubtless aware, Messrs. A. Scott and. W. J. Rowell, of ;the Launceston Bicyole Club', endeavoured to gain 'the club's medal for 100 miles ride, under, the; prescribed* tinie of eleven hours. The task, was accomplished on' Wednesday last when the two cyclists ran the 100 miles.. They left? Launceston on Tuesday at 7-30p.m.,l accompanied by twelve members of the 1 club, and arrived at Perth 'about two hours andadialf later. Messrs. Scott and Rowell here'Cpnifortably housed at Host . Russel's .for the night, the remainder of the cyclists , . returning: to1 town: ' Astai't was made from Perth by Messrs; Scott and Rowell at 6:46 a.iii.: on Wednesday,; with- calm and fine weather.; The] following are- the times. ? each [township : was : passed : — Epping ?8'12a.mj,': Corners, 8-48 a.m.; Campbell Town1 9-30 a.m1., Ross -lO'lO a.m., Tun bridge~:ll a.m., Antill Ponds ? 11-27 a.m.,; ? Oatlancls~12;46 ' p'.ni.!, :Melton Mowbray 3;2 p.mi,'Green'Pbnds 8*26 p.m., Brighton 4'52 ,p.m,,r and iSouth Bridgewater, (the 100 i miles) at :5;29' p.in/' The time, therefore,; occupied' in the run was 10: hours 43 min; !The first 60 miles were traversed in exactly 'six 'hours] 'fine weather having been ex perienced: for 'that distance. The' latter 4: part 'of; the' journey was ridden under lin-; favourable circumstances, a strong head wind having sprung lip, thus ; 'causing the :cyclists;to beimpeded in their speed. : The last mile, was performed very smartly, both men . being in capital condition notwith standing- the long journey they had, so Successfully , accomplished. -Messrs. Scott ''arid Rowell; ' after ; supplying ;the .'inner man' at, Bridgewateri started for hbuie' by the mail train; arriving here yesterday morning. The machines \ ridden; were, a 50-irich Special . Club a.nd a 40-inch Club Safaty. The latter wasimported spe-: cially fbr-Mr. A; Scott about a month ago. ?Every kindness was' shpwn the cyolists on theroute, Mr.'.'.T; Button, , of Oatlarids, riding' 25 miles' of ; the distance, which, ^materially assisted; them. , The 'roads, .were ,in ^exceptionally^ 'gpod,;order, ..with- :the. fexcept'.on of ia-shortystretch through Tun 'bridgeand jabout ? six miles, of newly laid ;metal at Bagdad'. More credit is due to ' Mr J S cott for : the long ride .h e1 accomplished ; 'sosuccessfullyj'atf.he.haspnlyjustrecbv^ ; from' ' : 'a, ' severe - .cycling. Occident, and the ,'f abt )' that ', he did , not have any, intention I whatever of per f or ming , jibe ride , , until . he; iarrived.at Perth- ;on. iTuesday night. ' This; ?perf oi'uianoo should- ;be ? an ; inducement to othoBS to-try their luck at 100 mile spins. : i ,BWb Ribbon' 'MEETii^a:— The- usual .'Thursday 'evening blue 'ribbon J'meetirig in1 'the Wharf Missipn'.Hall' ?was','.,held' last; ;'nighti,when,there'was a; good att'endarice, iMr.'R. jMarshall .occupying ,the chair. : , The., jprpgramme, consisted of: songs, 'recitations,! :etc.i which were ' chiefly: rendered; by.^the; ?members' of ? the' Sandhill' 'Blue Ribbon JAssociatipn. ;!;At tW' conclusion'; of 'the' Jmeetinga.1 number.' bf 'persons '.'signed' 'the pledge' arid' took'the blue*. ' ? '''' , We are roquieated to draw attention to an advertisement in our special columns intimating that on nccount of the minibor of applications for sbares in the1 Australian Mutual Pastoral Company Limited, the share list will close in all the colonies1 on the 3rd October next. . Tasmanian- Natives' Awoci/ttioi*.— ' The fortnightly meeting of the rnerabers of the above-named association was hxM on Wednesday in Mr. F. G. Du'ff's roono- Charlcs:street, Mr. William Ritchie its : the chair. Theniinutos of tho last, meet ing were read, and confirmed. -. Messrs. Murphy and Downs .were elected members. iThe Educational Committee's report was I adopted. It was : resolved that the i secretary be empowered to be present, at [the revision of Selby electoral .rolls1 and hiiye all persons^ placed thereon who, aro | eligible according .to' the Ele6torial,.Act., |The secretary ;was .'instructed tp; insert an jadvertisement in ; -the | local neivspapors ^inviting assistance from gentlemon wishing! jto iadiliateithe: worktof revisionnof Tas-i maniaii rolls. .Out of 32 electoral :. rolls 20\. were allotted to members for revision. The secretary was also instructed, to write to, .the, , Parliamentary ,' member's ''.of. the ; Association , for support towards the Iiaiinceston exhibition, , and io .prepare for. publication an exposition of tho principles of, thed association,,, with an :outUno of its forking,, basis,: on; a ; similar form -to the paper, read by. the secretary , on 19th iult.,' which was approved of by the a'Saociatibn. ' the' meeting then closed. , . ,r . I ,Thk frHARMONiouB Blaoksmith'.'— Our.. Hobart telegram's have already, stated, that, Albert W. Ricliardson has been,, sentenced at the .City Police Court to six months' imprisonment -for larceny of a cb*at.; . From the '?Mer'ciiry'--w6 learn;' that 'amongst- the' articles found at his residence, was a baro meter sibleri 'from' the shop of Mr. Potter, and also doormats, scrapers, a. piiir of gloves, .a/ cigar: case,, a sealskin cap, and other : articles, twhich- from' time to .time Richardson had either, stolen . from .door-: steps-or from the 'pockets of great: coats hung up in. waiting rooms at public - riieet-' ings;;1 After .leaving the Te Anau, in which he had taken passage as a lady, he went to Mrs. Edwards's boarding-house and repre- : sented himself as- a. gentleman.' from' Launceston, who intended: to stay for some days ? in- Hobart; In the solitude of his chamber he concocted a letter to his wife, of which the following are a few extracts: — 'I write youi this ,; note in haste. I ' am 'comfortably lodged at Mrs.' Edwards's.1 It, is such a nice quiet place, it being private. I made sure of getting away the other night, but do' you know they -were too much on the watch for me. I will do them yet though. I pur pose1 going away on Tuesday night in the Rbtprnahana, but at the same1 time I want you'to make out to everybody that I have' gone. .;.:. I believe I would have got away only I had top, many assisting me. I want you to call and see me. I want to have a long talk with you, and t want you to ; send- me my. best suit of clothes, white shirt and: studB, and clean collarejin my black portmanteau. But it would be better for you to get them all ready, and I will call at oxir own place at. about half-past 7 p.m.' The letter pro-, ceedsto state that he was sure- to getaway, and he was sure that, they . would be the happiest couple on e'arth when they both: met in Melbourne. Ho seemed to think that he would have a better chance' to get away with tho big vessels which came, and he wound up with the pathetic reminder:— . ' Don't forget to put the. . razor and, strop and- brush, also - the violet powder, in the portmanteau. I am sure, my dear, you must be very down-hearted at this great fall-of mine- but never mind, my darling, I will1 very soon get1 over it. I aui sure if I am caught I will get about two years, and that would break my heart to be away from you all that time; . However, I live in hopo , tbeylwill never getme,, and I don't thinlc they ever will.' This letter never, reached the hands of : his wife. The landlady became suspicious of her new boarder, and called upon the gentleman whose name he used as a reference. This ? ' gentleman in formed her that a man of Richardson's description was wanted by the police, and Richardson's doom was then sealed. ! Town Pake Menagerie.— It will be remembered that reference -was recently made; in these columns to the donation by Mi\ Alfred Murrell of two golden phea ? sants ' to the ; Town Park collection. These birds arrived, from Hobart ~bri:Wednesday in good, condition; and wore placed, in the: cage, formerly oc cupied by the crows, but 'which hadbeen cleaned and prepared; for the reception of ' its new inmates. ' ' Tho thanks of , the publicare due to Mr.. Murrell for his very/ liberal donation. ? . ? ; 1 i Projected ; Conference of Austra-t; :£asian T.M.C. Associations in Tas mania.— At a conference of delegates from the Young Men's ' Christian : Associations held in Sydney on. 9th irist., it; was.re solved, ',Th'at this conference of delegates of the 'various T.M.C.A.'s of Australasia, is of opinion .that it, is highly, desirable to. : invite; Messrs. Moody, and Sankey to visit; these colonies, andiheceby recommeridsithe' committees 'of the' various T.M.C.A/s to , bbtairii if possible, the concurrence of 'the, different sections of the Canadian churches : and the leading, evangelical institutions.' . The question of a conference in connection with tho various,: Young . Men's Christian1 associations of 'the colonies'towards theend. ?ofthe'presenti.'or 'early nextyearv was dis-' ' cussed,1 the selection 'of a; place at^vhichit ' should be helcl causing! some little debate : -i-^New~ Zealand, ; Hobart,,1 ;br,' Melbourne 'being the rival places. I fiUltiinately.it' 'was ! decided that the conference should :be held in January or February) next ;at)Hobajrt, and. failing f.Hobart; 'at 'Melbourne. Mr. ; Alexander )?? Walker' ;was appointed con-: 'ference secretary!'- '.' 1 -:- Seizobjb of I'jsh. — On M'onday. on the arrival of ttie s.s; Indignant from George Town, Acting1 Sub-Inspector Scott and OoTwtables Bum and .Carey seized thirty oae dozen small flounders all under nine iflclics, contrnry 4a the' act to prevent the sale o* purchase off flounders under a certain rsv/o. It appears the fish had been cnught at George Town', and forwarded for salo totcvm' io boxes) adidrossed to diiferent fishmongers^ ' ' ? ' . FBDEOTR'rA- Ni!s-M.-^-Tlv-5- well-known ped^, . Mr.'J; Livingstone,, arrived by the expre»8 ! train from Hobart Thursday. It i» now about two years s&ce; Mr. Livingstone left tho old country,, since which ho has tra-. : veiled1 through New South Wales and JJfew Zealand^ For thepast few ? weeks' ho has resided in Hobart;, where he; gave some excellent' exhibitions of his running p'owors. He; beat two Australian recordist during his. stay in Hobarii, and defeated) all local runners who entered' the traek with him., Previous to leaving England ho; beat Cuiht. ' mings, .the professional champion, beating him in several 'events. Mr. . Liiringatone ? will give a.display of his running; powers' on' tho' ^aunceBtori1 ; Criekot' :, Ground on t :Satiirday; ':',.' : ' ?'??'????; ???? ?-'? .' ' ?,.;?'/ ''''.,; 