THE MERCURY. I TUESDAY MORNING, JUNE S, 1885. 4. In the course of his speech at the banquet at Latrobe on Saturday, the PREMIER referred to the Bill which is to be brought in during the coming Session to provide for the reform of Parliamentary repre- sentation. The reference was only a sort of passing one, but it is sufficient to indicate the lines on which the Ministry is about to proceed in carrying out the work of redistribution. It appears that no distinct principle is to be followed. The business is to be done by what is called the good old rule of thumb, that is, Ministers mean to do their best, we are told, to provide for the representa- tion of all interests. Of course, if they succeed it will not matter much what principle they proceed upon or whether they proceed upon none at all, for so long as there is fair representation nobody will have a right to complain. Whether Ministers will be able to do what they say that they have proposed to themselves re- mains to be seen, and we cannot, of course, give an opinion on the point until the whole scheme is before the country. All systems of representation at present in force are very defective, and are by no means what they are called, but as the great body of the people as well as all the Ministers seem to be agreed that we must go on in the old, clumsy fashion, nothing remains but to make it as little unequal as possible. Our belief is, after a careful perusal of all the adverse criticisms, that a system of proportional representation would got rid of all the difficulties by which redistri- bution of Members of Parliament is beset both here and in England, but as only a comparatively few persons are in favour of the change, nothing remains but to make the best of the system which is understood. At the same time, we may point out that the objections usually urged against proportional representation are of the extremely hyporcritical order. The critics talk as if there were no ano- malies, no injustices, no gross wrongs and absurdities under all the methods at pre- sent in force, whereas the very ground of abjection to them is, that palpable injus- tices and gross absurdities arc submitted to year after year. They have been sub- mitted to patiently, because the general belief has been that they could not bo remedied, just as many social diffi- culties were for centuries, before sci- ence had discovered a remedy for them. We are asked to believe, nay, we are told that we must believe, that nothing better can be done than is being done, even whilst a most radical change is being made in the electoral system of the Mother Country. No doubt with an honest, independent people almost any system can be made to work fairly well, whilst no system can work well if the people are indifferent or corrupt. But it is idle to say that all peoples get as good representation as they deserve. This is a popular platitude, which involves a complete misconception of the whole case. We would like to know who is the judge of what the people deserve. Further, in this connection we should like to know who are the people. Were the 3,003 electors of Collingwood who returned three Protectionist members to Parliament the people who deserved to succeed, and the 3,000 minority, not the people at all ? To say that a people are represented or governed as well as they should be, is to talk pure nonsense, because under exist- ing systems a large body of the people are always excluded from any share in the re- presentation, and consequently in the Government. If there was in existence a system of representation which gave the people a legislature which was a picture in little of the country, then it might be allowable to say in a rough sort of fashion that the people got all they deserve, be- cause they would at Ieast have the oppor- tunity of doing what they might intend to do in the election of representatives. However, at the present time we may spare ourselves' the trouble of discussing abstract schemes, and be content with seeing how we can best apply the machi- nery that the politicians, who speak in the name of the people, are willing to use. The machinery is full of defects and is very clumsy, but it is all we can get, and we must make the best of it. The ministerial scheme of redistribution ap- pears to be a composite one. There is to be a little of all sorts of constituencies.. There are, we are told, to be single electorates, and electorates with two, three, and even more members. .No doubt a great deal is to be said in favour of a composite scheme like this in a community of so peculiar a character as that of Tasmania, where the popula- tion is very unevenly distributed, and where there ' are many scattered interests. If large electorates were made .all over the Colony, without the adoption of some form of cumula- tive vote, the result would be that a centre of population would return all the members for a district, and the small places would be practically disfranchised. This is one of the many evils of the elec- toral system which is so much admired by what are called practical men, and it is an evil which never can be got over so long as i the system is not very greatly modified. It becomes necessary, therefore, to pro- vide for the small places in some way, and thus we get back to the old system of small constituencies returning single members, the common evils of which have been exposed many times. If it were true of these Colonies, as it is par- tially true of Great Britain, that we can judge of opinions by classes, and that classes dwelt in separate localities, then small single electorates would afford the best means of securing accurate repre- sentation, but it ia not so, and the true plea for small electorates here is, that the small districts will not allow themselves to be merged in the large centres of popu- lation, the interests of which may be antagonistic. Our opinion is, that wherever it is practicable large electorates returning at least three members, should bo made, because, on the whole, those electorates are not so easily manipulated as the small ones. What is of quite equal importance is the fact, that large electorates are not so subject to be moved by purely local in- fluences as small ones are, nor so given to returning and .keeping in Parliament an incompetent public man, merely because he is 'so subservient to the Ministry of the day' as to be' able to get favours for his particular electorate. "It is a dangerous thing for a community when-membors are elected for quite other reasons than those put forward, and when the real power is centred in a few men behind the scenes, who work the district. That this is very frequently tho case is well known to everybody who has had any experience of election tactics either in England or the Colonies, and one result is, that great public questions are fre- quently decided on the narrow grounds of local interests or local prejudices. However, the best that can be done at the present time is, to avoid as far as possible evils of opposite kinds. Whilst it will never be tolerated that one centre of population shall return the whole of the members for a huge district, in which there may be many opposing interests ; on the other hand, it will be necessary to avoid, as far as it can be avoided, the multiplication of small single districts which may return members for local reasons only, and which may readily be influenced by men of means and local postion.' _ THE movement which is now taking place in this Colony for the formation of a National Rifle Association is, like some other move- ments, rather late in the day, but it is not too late to become a power for the safeguard of the lives and property of the people, should danger arise. In Victoria and New South Wales such associations have bean established for many years, and their success has been very great. They must have done a great deal of good in the training of large numbers of the population to the use of aims, and thus have prepared them for undertak- ing those duties of citizen soldiers which seem likely to be forced on all these commu- nities sooner or later. We have just received a report of the New South Wales Rifle Asso- ciation for the year 1884, and we find that the organisation there is a very old and powerful one, and one which has, evi- dently, the hearty support of a large number of wealthy and influential persons. The President is Sir William Manning, and at the conclusion of the 24th annual meeting he delivered, a very excellent and instructive address, in which he dwelt on the present and future prospects of the association. He pointed out that the association was a quar- ter of a century old, growing in importance, and was doing a great deal of very useful work. We find that the parliamentary grant in New South Wales last year was £700, against £1,000 in Victoria, and Sir William Manning, very naturally and very properly, said that he could not see why the grant in the one Colony should not be as largo as in the other. We have little doubt that before the present year is out the Legislature of New South Wales will have seen its way to place the local Rifle Association on a level with that of .Vic- toria, especially now that the former Colony has taken the bold and forward step of sending a contingent to the Soudan. The amount allotted in prizes in New South Wales at the last meeting was £1,136 in cash, and £346 in trophies, making a total of £1,482. This, though very liberal indeed, for a young Colony, contrasts strikingly with the £16,000 given in England in the same year, but then, as Sir William pointed out, the English association represents a popula- tion forty times as large as that of Now Soutli Wales. He is confident that a larger sum might be usefully expended than that voted by the Legislature,' about which there can be no doubt, and we see that the report contains a long list of subscribers, many of whom have given very liberal donations. This is an example which might be very well imitated here, so soon as the necessary arrangements shall have been made, and we hope to see our wealthy men emulate the bold and liberal spirit which is so often shown in public matters in the other Colonies. We see, also, that at the annual meeting twenty members of the association who were about to proceed to the Soudan were made honorary members, which is quite a novel feature in the transactions of an association of the kind. We learn, further, that negotiations are on foot for the reception of a team of Australasian at .Wimbledon to compete for the Rajah of Kolapore's cup, and in any other matches open to the Colonies, so that a new develop- ment is taking place, and of the persons con- cerned it may be said, "and the things which ye have done are but harbingers of that, which ye shall do." By next year Tasmania ought to be able to show that she is moving like the other Colonies. ¡?~ ,', , " CABLE NEWS.-Yesterday news came that the Anglo-Russian difficulty was settled, or nearly so. To-day conies disclaimer on the' part of Earl Granville that any decisivo settlement has yet been arrived at by England and Russia, but that diplomatic correspondence is still proceeding, ^he policy of keeping powder dry still'asserts, itself. Yesterday the funeral of Victor Hugo, was .to take place,' and tho Parisian authorities" had forbid any display of oom- . muniBtic banners along the lino of r'outo. The hopo is that the last solomn rites will not bo desecrated by factious demonstration. The Emperor William, who haB boen ill, is now reported convalescent. NORMI-WEST COAST MAILS.-A correa Sondent writes :-Tho acceptance of 'Mr. . O'Neill'a tender for the conveyance of tho mails between Dcloraino and Circular Hoad has given universal satisfaction along the' coast. Tho recollections of' his jovial civility and punctuality during*,the. many years ho has been engaged in mail carrying are still fresh in the memories'of tho inhabi- tants, and upon the ocoosion of his visit last week for the purpose of making his pre- liminary arrangements, Mr. O'Neill found himself overwhelmed with tho congratula- tions of old friends, CUSTOMS.-We havo received tim follow- ing memorandum from tho Treasury : "The Customs collections for the month of May at Hobart woro ovor-Btated by the department to tho extent of £600 in the memorandum furnished on Saturday last. The correction also affects the total collec- tions for the month." POSTAL.-Tho Governor-in-Council has reserved to the Crown a piece of ground at Alberton, on which is situated the building lately purchased for the purpose of a post and telegraph office at that place. NATURALISATION.-Letters of naturalisa- tion were granted yesterday to Lara Nicolaison and Lars Rasmussen, Danish subjects, residents of Hobart. INSPECTOR OF SHEEP.--The Governor-in Council has appointed Mr. Thomas Alfred Tabart to be chief inspector of sheep and chief inspector of stock for the colony, in place of Mr. William Harrison, deceased. Mr. Tabart has done excellent work for tho department in the position of inspector, and is thoroughly acquainted with its operations. He has especially interested himself in the working of the Thistle Act, as many offen- ders know to their cost, and tho promotion will meet with general approval. INSPECTOR OF MACHINERY.-Mr. John Clark was formally confirmed at tho meeting of thoExocutivo Council yesterday in his appointment of inspector of machinery. The oifico will bo administered in connection with the Treasury department.' BOARD SCHOOL APPOINTMENTS.-The fol- lowing appointments to positions in the public schools of the colony were approved yesterday by the Governor-in- Council : Teachers-William Dakin, German Town and Falmouth ; H. L. Swifte and wife, Moorina ; W. J. Murphy and wife, Montagu ; J. E. Fitzpatrick, Smithton and Irish Town ; Fred. A. Riuh, Black River ; Edward Mur- nane, Cluan ; Charles Kelly, Mount Sey- mour. Female Assistants - Miss Jane O'Beirno, Brown's Rivor ; MrB. R. G. Jhon son, Castle Forbes Bay ; Miss Emily K. Cramp, St. Mary's. Temporary Assistants Miss Cecilia S. Palmer, Brown's Rivor ; Mies Alice Sullivan, Geeves Town. Paid Moni- tor-Miss Esther S. Larkin, Dover.J ? EXECUTIVE JHCOÜNCIL.-Hia , ,Excollouoy prcaidcd yesterday at a mcoting of tho Executivo Council, at whioh all thomombers of thoMinistiy woro present. Tho buainoss transacted was principally of a departmental character. RAILWAY SERVICES. - The Minister of Lands received a telegram yesterday shortly after noon from Mr. E. W. Lord manager of the Government railways, informing him that traffic had been commenced on the new line from Formby to Launceston, and that the first train had arrived in the northern capital in excellent time yesterday morning. Passenger traffic.was also commenced yes- terday on the Parattah-Oatlands line, and was working well. GERMAN IMMIGRATION.-The secretary to the Immigration Board, Mr. T. C. Just, re- ceived a communication yesterday from Mr. Buck stating that he would not be able to despatch any of his immigrants before the month of June. Mr. Buck has already been written to instructing him not to make any further arrangements than those already concluded by him, and not to despatch any Germans to tho colony later than May. Very little is really known of Mr. Buck's movements or arrangements ; one member of the board went so far at a late meeting to say that he considered the £100 advanced to that gentleman a first and dual expendi- ture. PRORATES, ETC. - Probates have been granted in the estâtes of the following de- ceased persons :-Mortimer Plane, to Hannah Piano and Charles Read Plane, £40 ; Richd. Cloak, to James Henry Cloak, and William Francis Cloak, £385. Letters of adminis- tration have been granted as follows : Grace Newcombe, to James Newcombe, £390 ; James Best, to Eliza Mary Best, £00. MR. J. C. E. KNIGHT.-The friends of this young gentleman will be glad to learn that at the April examination he success- fully passed in Roman Law. Mr. Knight is a student of the Middle Temple and con- sidering the searching nature of the home examinations, couplcd with the fact that he submitted himself to the test at the earliest possible period, after having served four terms, his success his highly gratifying. Mr. Knight was a High School student.who took his first-class A.A. degree whilst under the tuition of tho Rev. R. D. Poulett-Harris in 1879, after which he devoted his attention to the study of the law in the offices of Messrs. Dobson and Mitchell till 1883, on the 1st of December in which year he left Tasmania for England to complete his studios at the Middle Temple. Mr. Knight is a nephew of Mrs. Charles Eagle Knight, of Hobart. ST. JOHN'S CHURCH, Ross.-At the close of his sermon on Sunday afternoon, 31st ult., the Rev. Charles Vaughan made allusion to the ordination upon that day, by the Bishop of Melbourne, of two of his former communicants, and commended them to the prayers of those who had, within a few years, known them as fellow-worshippers. An appropriate Ember hymn having been sung, a collect from the Ordinal was said before the blessing. The gentlemen referred to are the Revs. A. Stackhouso and E. J. Barnett, B.A., the former being ordained to tho order of priests, and the latter to the order of deacons. Mr. Stackhouse is incum- bent of Yea, and Mr, Barnett has, we un- derstand, been licensed to the important curacy of Kew, under the Rev. Canon Chase. CONFIRMATION.-St. John's Church, Goul- burn street, was crowded at evening on Trinity Sunday, when Bishop Sandford ad- ministered the rite of confirmation to five males and 15 females. The service was con- ducted by the incumbent, Rov. H. R. Finnis. Canon Bailey, who acted as Bishop's chaplain, read the preface, after which the Bishop gave an address explain- ing the nature of the sacrament, and be sought the prayers of the congregation on behalf of those who were about to be con- firmed. The usual questions having boon put and answered, the candidates were pre sentod separately to the Bishop, who was seated in the chancel. After the laying on of hands, Bishop Sandford gave a second address, in the course of which he reminded those who had been confirmed that now they would be permitted to take part in the highest act of worship- the Holy Eucharist. Suitable hymns were used, and the choir, under the leadership of the organist (Miss Hogg), rendered the musical portions of the service in an excellent manner. CROWTHER MEMORIAL.-A meeting of the committee was held last evening to discuss tho expenditure of the funds collected, which now amount to about £502. His Worship the Mayor occupied tho chair, and a long discussion ensued on the comparative appropriateness of a monument, dock tower, water fountain, children's hospital, and scholarships. The latter seemed the most feasible, but it was decided to obtain further information on various points before a final decision should be made, and the meeting stands adjourned until Thursday next. Y.M.C.A.-Last evening a debate took place in the rooms of the Young Men's Christian Association on the question of re- ciprocity. There was a good attendance, and the subject was opened by Mr. John Macfarlane. He was followed by Messrs. Potter, Paton, J. Richards, Hawson, and others, and after a lengthy discussion, in the course of which tho whole matter was thoroughly dealt with, a vote was taken with the result that 14 voted in favour of rccipiocity and 4 against. THEATRE ROYAL.-The lessee and manager of the Theatre Royal took a benefit per- formance, which was tendered to him by the whole staff ast night, and was rewarded, as he deserved to be, with a bumper house, al- though some of the patrons, announced to do him honour, were not present. Tho piece de'resistance of the'evening was the perform- ance of Tom Taylor's comedy, New Men and Old Acres, which was given in a style con- siderably beyond the, usual run of first-night performances, and as it is to be repeated this evening it may be at once stamped as well worthy a visit- Rather old-fashioned in type, it has still about it a freshness and vigour even in excess' of many modern pro- i auctions, and tho dialogue ia pointed and j has many social and political allusions of a satirically humorous character, which had much to do with its success in England, but which of courso, in incisivo application, docs not enhanco it BO much hore, though tho points- aro well appreciated. The best performances of 'a long list ' of cha- racters wore .those of Miss Flora Anstead as Lidy Matilda VavasourJ Mr. Montgomery as her husband Marmaduke, Miss Marion Medway as Lilian, and Mr. Musgrave as the self-made man Mr. Buutor. Mr. Hall was decidedly not at his best as tho'financing mining agent, Berthold Blasentaly., Tho Garrison Band, undor Conductor .Clerke, played selections during tho evening by per- mission of Colonel Loggo, and Mr. T. F. Robins added to tho attractions by showing the audience how ho can sometimes^ paint a scene with lightning rapidity. If ho always docs his work in tina lively fashion, tho post of scenic artist must bo a mero passing diver- sion ; but then, as every patron of the thcatro knows, Mr. llobinB can do, and very often docs, much better things than mero slap- dush Bplodging. This evening, in addi- tion to the repetition of the comedy, tho prizes won at the Queen's Birthday tourna mont will bo distributed, and to-morrow the racing drama Flying Scud will ho produced, i EXHIBITION BUILDING. - Tho exhibition styled the Hiberaica which has on several previous occasions beon presented in Hobart with great success has onco more been brought forward, and was given at the Exhi- bition Buildiug last evening, with a renewal of fair favour, such as has grcotcd it before. Tho Hibornica is a suocession of scenes in Ireland, painted on canvas, and more or less of an interesting character, and as they aro exceptionally well hung this timo, so far as the mechanism is concerned, they show to the best advantage. With tho exhibition of these viows were interspersed vocalization and dancing. Miss Lavinia was loudly ap- plauded for her Hibernian comic songs ; and Mr. O. Miller was also a primo favourite with tho audience for the same reason. The last act waa tho ¡distribution of gifts, which waa carried out on a most liberal scale, and evi- dently to the satisfaction of the audience, who ¿retired laden with gifts in profusion. Tho entertainment will Lo continued this evening. Miss ADA CAMPBELL.-This lady desires to say that ¡mo did not during her lecture on Sunday evening last uso the phraso "tho wholo kit of parsons," attributed to hor in Monday's Mercury. Sho also desircB to give moro explicitly the contents of tho lottor roceived from the City Council. Tho lottor says:-"With reforeneo to all entertain- ments advertised by you for Sunday evening next, that the samo, if carried out and a charge mado for admission, will bo an infringement of tho Police Act, and to re- quest that you will not make any such charge, otherwiso you will render yourself Hablo to a heavy penalty." Miss Campbell observes there is no reforeneo whatever in the letter to " tho door of a puhlio building." CONCERT.-The first concert of tho season in connection with Trinity Church will bo held in the Trinity-hill schoolroom on Friday evening next. The programme is now being propared by tho hon. conductor, Mr. W. C. Eltham, which is quite sufficient to indicate that it will bo a good one ; and should fino weathor prevail on this occasion, a bumper house may bo expected. IN LUNAOV.-Boforo their Honors the Judges yesterday in Lunacy an application was mado by Mr. Alfrod Dobson, in support of a petition for a commission in tho uaturo of a writ de lunático inqttirendo, in tho estate of ono Naylor, au insano person. Their Houora mado tho order IIB prayed. SMALL DEIITS ACT.-Thoro will bo two moro dofended casos for hearing boforo tho Acting-Chiof Justico at tho ¡¡mall debts sit- ting of tho Supremo Court to- morrow morn- ing. Thoy aro as follows :-IJovx and Am. v. Slort, aud Cambria T. M. Co. ». Duncombe. In the fonnor case Mr. C. E. Foarthorstone made an application in chambers yostcrday for lcavo to filo a dofenco, notwithstanding that the timo for so doing had expirod. Mr. M. Simmons opposed tlio application on bo half of tho plaintiff. His Honor Mr. Giblin expressed his opinion that the principle was to lot tho dofondant appear mid defend, and inasmuch as in tho present instance tho do- fondant had only boon doprivod of that op- portunity through an oversight of his attor- ney, ho ought not to bo deprived of the pnvilogo. His Honor, therefore, mado an order granting loavc lora defence to bo filed, tho plaintiffs costB of this application to be paid. A similar courso will probably bo adopted in the other case. CITY POLICE COURT.--At tho City Polico Court yesterday His Worship tho Mayor (Mr. J. G. Davies) aud Alderman Watchorn, J.P., presided. Elizaboth Anderson, Camp bcll-stroet ; John Sweeting, and Matilda Phillips, were each (¡ned 5B., with tho altor nativo of seven days' imprisonment, for having been drunk and diaordorly in Livcr pool-Btreot on Saturday ovouing. Margaret l'ortor, Now Norfolk, «loaded guilty to having boon drunk and incapable in Liver pool- street, and was ordcrod to pay a fino of 5s,, with tho option of going seven clays to prison. John James Weavor (IO), labourer, a rocont arrival in the colony by tho River InduB, was charged with stealing two knives, twospoons, and one fork from tho Royal Hotel, Livorpool-strect. It appears that the lad had been m tho employment for "Boroo time of Mr. Eady, tho propriotor nf tho hotel, and was going to lcavo when his master stopped him, but ho escaped by tho back way. Ile re- turned, howovor, but in the mcantiino Mr. Eady soarched the lad's buiullo, |and found tho stolon articles. Ho then gave tho lad in custody to a constable, and ho admitted having stolen the knives and forks. The case was remanded until this morning. LICENSED VICTUALLERS' ASSOCIATION. Tho annual meeting of the Licensed Victu- allers' Association was held at tho Exchango Room, Collius-atreot, laBt evening, whon 17 mombors woro present. 'Mr. D. West pio Bided. Tho report and balauco sheet having been road and adopted, the following officers aud committee were elected for the ensuing year. Mr. W. Webster, chairman ; Mr. D. West, vice chairman ; Mr. John Russell, treasurer ; and Messrs. C. Bock, J. Ogilvie, .J. Michie, and T. E. Coates. Messrs. S. Dovo and M. O'shea woro elected auditors. It was proposed by Mr. Dovo, and seconded by Mr. Fleming, that Mr. Symo'» generous gift of 5,000 Cascado Brewery shares bo dis- tributed as follows :-A sum of £100 per annum be set aside as a scholarship, £60 per annum for boys ; £40 por annum for girls for two years. Competitor to bo under 14 years of age, ana only tho offspring of members of the Licensed Viotuallors' Association, and £50 per annum . for old and reduced ox-pub- licans, who havo been mombers of this asso- ciation, and the balance to bo put to an in- cidental fund for building a hall or any other purposo for the benefit of the association as may bo doomed expedient. A vote of thanks to tho chairman closed tho proceedings. CATHOLIC YOUNO MEN'S SOCIETY.-Last ovening a meeting of tho abovo association was hold in tho sacristy of St. Mary's Cathe- dral, Moat Rev. Dr. Murphy (Bishop of Hobart) presiding. There was a largo at- tendance, and amongst thoso present woro Rovs. T. O'Callaghau and Jas. Murphy. The minutes of previous meeting woro road and confiimcd. Tho Bishop said ho was glad to hoar that tho society had made some pi ogress since last ho had tho plcasuro of mooting thom. The lion, seerotary had told him that a good many had enrolled, and though ho did not wish to make an addicss to thora that ovening, ho would offer a few observations upon tho rules which ho had approvod of. Tlio object of tho soeloty was to promoto tho religious, social, and intel- lectual wolfaro of its members. There wero no more noble objects thuu these, and they woro worthy to bo carried out by thom all. Tho Gist was religion, which ombraced all the duties to God, to their neighbours, aud to themselves. Religion should be tho guido of their actions and their life. Tho Beoond object waa tho promotion of social welfare. In his opinion sooioty had a great many claims upon thom, and they woro bound to support tho laws established for the security of a country. God waa tho author of society, and when ho made society they woro bound to approvo of the laws which wero necessary for its guidance and support. They «ero therefore obliged to support thoso laws, not only from fear, but also from conscience sake, as thoy woro instructed by St. Paul. By tho special rules of the society they woro bound by banoo lenco, kindness, and charity towards each other, and towards society in all manner of interests. Tho thud object was tho promo- tion of intellectual wolfaro. Now that meant pi ogress in knowledge, not only in divine, but also in human or secular things. Tho intellect was oapablo of acquiring almost any definite amount of knowledge, and those who in life havo a largo amount of knowlcdgo of various kinds and in various branchcB had always admitted that tho inoi o they knew the more thoy had to leam, so that daring their life they wero continually acquiring knowledge. He ad- vised them to gain this by constant reading i and studying and' in advocating the prin- ciples of the rulcB, he was glad that tho foi ma tion of the society emanated from themselves, and ho need' not Bay that ho took tho gieatcst interest possible in its formation and progresa. Ho wished thom every bless 1 ing here and in tho hereafter. (Applause.) Tho rules wore then'read mid r-doptcd. Rov. T. O'Callaglun was appointed spiritual director ; Rev. James Murphy, president ; Messrs. J. Connolly and Ï, Molloy, vico presidents ; John MoLoughlin, secretary and treasurer ; Mr., Sheahan, warden ; Frank MoLoughlin, editor of magazino ; and Messrs. Keating and Bradshaw, librarians. ,Tho' following woro appointed as a 'com- mittee :-Messrs. T. Murray, James Molloy, TV Robinson, F. O'Brion, W. 'MoLoughlin, Doyle, and John Murray. It was left'to tho committee to obtain a room in which to hold their meetings, and the proceedings woro then adjourned nntil tho 16th inst.n << MERCANTILE Rowitta CLUB.-Tho commit teomotlaatovoning atEady'a Hotel, when the orows wero picked for tho pair-oared races for trophies given by Messrs. White arfd Walker, which will take place on Wedues- - day, tlio 10th inst. No. 1, Brimdlo and Jenkinson ; 2, Davidson and Mason ; 3, Jack and Eady ; 4, Maher and Graham ;.ö, Grasby and Willing ; 6, Wilson and Lums- den ; 7, Gray and NIOIIOIB ; 8, Long and Adcock , and 9, Gates and Eady. , Tho race will be rowed in heals of three .each, start- ing at 4 p.m. Tho acceptance of tenders for erection of sheds will bo held over for a short timo. HOBART CYCLING CLUB. - The annual meeting of this club was hold last evening in the club's room, Elizabeth-street. Mr. S. P. Lawrence, vice-president, presiding. There was a good attendance of members. The annual report which was a very satisfactory one, and dealt with the proceedings of the club during the past year, was read and adopted. The treasurer's statement of ac- counts, which showed a balance in favour of the club of £45, was also agreed to. A letter was read from the secretary of the Tasmanian Cycling Union, asking tho secretary to forward the capitation funds to the Union, but it was unanimously agreed that the club stand out of the Union for the ensuing year. The resignation of Mr. A. H. Warner was unani- mously accepted. Mr. A H. Reynolds was appointed captain, H. D. Vautin vice- captain, W. Omant hon. sec., H. D. Vautin treasurer, and M. Barnett bugler. The fol- lowing were appointed as a committee :- Messrs. C. E. Vautin, M. Barnett, A. Preg- nell, H. Shaddook, H. D. Vautin, and R. O. Bishop. The following new members were admitted :-J. Huxtable, J. Walton, W. Burbury, J. Smith, E. A. Stump, E. Reynolds, and Fraser. Messrs. W, H. Ikin and J. Isherwood were elected honorary members. The retiring patron, president, vice-presidents, and other honorary officers were unanimously re-elected. Mr. R. O. Bishop offered a gold medal to be competed for by members of the club on a road, the distance to be decided by the committee. Mr. S. P. Lawrence offered a gold medal for second prize, and Mr. Huxtable a trophy for third prize. Mr. Omant was presented with a gold modal for acting as secretary during the past year. A conversation took place in regard to a racing track, but no definite conclusion was come to, and the meeting ter- minated. CORPORATION TENDERS.-Wo aro re- quested by the Town Clerk to stato that an error occurred in tho wording of two adver- tisement» calling for lenders for corporation work, appearing in yestorday's Mercury. The date of closing tenders in each instance should havo boon " Juno 8," instead of " July 8th." ' " '{ . THE CituncH NEWS.-Tina publication, which gives all tho diocesan nowa of Tas- mania Ima boon issued for tho current month, and contains much rosily interesting and well compiled mailor, selected from a wido rango of topics affecting tho moral and social wolfaro of nil classes of tho community, Mattera specially pertaining to Church affairs havo also careful consideration. THE AUSTRALIAN SKETOHKR.-This oapi tal monthly publication is to hand from tho local agents, Messrs, Walch and Sons. Tho illustrations aro exceedingly good, and chief amongst thom aro portraits of tho Hon. Lord Carrington and Lady Carrington, whoso arrival in Sydney is now a subject of interesting expectation. Tim GLEDB.-Among Gazette notices pub- lished in another column will bo found pro- clamation of tho road district of Glebe Town, and announcement that a meeting will ho hold at Add los tono to elect fivo trustees for tho purposes of tho Act. Tho district comprises tho Presbyterian Globe, facing Park-street, and tho cstablishmont of tho road district thero will not only bo muterial aid to tho Hobart Corporation in carrying out their improvements abutting on tho Globo, but will enable residents thero to rofuto tho unenviable notoriety tlioy aro fast obtaining of having created, within tho last two years, tho dirtiest aud most unsavoury suburb of tho city. THE RIFLE REGIMENT.-The Rifle Regiment held its usual weekly parade last evening at the barracks under the command of Major O'Boyle, who exercised the men in battalion drill and various field manoeuvres in three companies. The muster was not so large as usual, owing to the inclemency of the weather, 101 of all ranks being present. A number of recruits wore also instructed by the Sergeant-Major in the drill-room. At the conclusion of the parade, orders were read, and the marksmen of the regiment were requested to meet at the orderly-room on Wednesday evening next, at 8 o'clock, to make arrangements for the forthcoming champion prize competition. ARTILLERY BALL.-A meeting of the non- commissioned oflicors of the Southern Tas- manian Artillery will be held at the drill yard this evening at 7 o'olock, in regard to tho forthcoming ball. NATIONAL RIFLE ASSOCIATION. - Our Launceston correspondent telegraphs that last ovening Colonol Loggo held a meeting of volunteer officers at Launceston, at which it was unanimously decided to co-operate with the Hobart Committee in forming a National Rifle Association for the colony. TASMANIAN FOOTBALL ASSOCIATION.-An adjourned general mootiug of the Tasmanian Football Association, which was fairly attended, waa held at tho Town Hall last ovening, for tho purposo of hearing tho com- mittee's report of the terms they had arranged with tho Criokot Association with regard to renting tho uppor ground. Mr. II. Dobson occupied tho chair, and called upon tho secretary to read minutes of previous meeting, which wcro confirmed. Tho secre- tary stated that tho deputation liad held a conference with tho Cricket Association as to terms, and that their reply had been embodied in a letter, which stated that tho ground would he available for tho futuro on tho following torms :-The ohargo to bo a porcentago calculated after tho gatckcoper and monoytakors had boon paid. Tho per contago tor town and country matches 50 por cent, each, and for foreign and intercolonial matches' 33} por cont. After brief discussion Mr. Cundy proposed, and Mr. Goddard seconded, that tho action of tho committee bo confirmed. This was carried. Mr. Finlay said thoy simply ac- cepted tho terms to moot tho \ iowa of thu local footballers, and he moved,-" That with a viow of obtaining a Icaso from tho Government of tiio lower cricket ground for tho uso of all athletic associations, and for public sports generally, tho secrotary bo in- structed to communicate with tho olficors of all tho associations, rcqucstiug thom to attend a mooting to be hold at an early dato for tho purposo of carrying that object into effect." This was put to the meeting and carried. Mr. Cundy then moved, and Mr. Lloyd seconded, that tho secretary bo in soructcd to call a meeting to consider tho question of tho clubs participating in the takings of tho gate money, which was carried. After a voto of thanks waB accorded to tho chairman tho meeting broko up. FoRMiir SOLES AND FLOUNDERS.-Hobart visitors to Latrobo, on tho occasion of tho recent railway celobration had, in addition to tho jovialities of the ovening banquet an additional treat next morning in breakfast- ing on Formby soles and flounders, most toothsomo of the finny tribo, and so plenti- ful that they aro sold at prices which to Hobart household providorcs would aceni to reach tho verge of cheapness. Will it not bo possible, now that tho railway communi- cation is established, and Formby is within mensurable diatanco of tho southern capital, to get regular, .supplies of thoso fish sent to town 1 Thoy would soil readily, and tho domand would keep paco with tho supply, however abundant it might bo, especially if tho trado woro taken up by sonic independent enterprising agont, or agents, who would Btocr clear of prc'oiit bloodsucking monopolies which destroy legitimate and healthy trado in Hobart. Tho saino remark applies to tho trado in poultry and dairy produce,,with which tho Latrobe district fairly tooms, and for which it has not yet found a profitablo outside market. NEW SCHOOL AT IRISH TOWN.-The tender of Mr. W. S. H. Smith has been accepted for the erection of a schoolhouse at Irish Town, Circular Head, for the sum of £190. THE LATE LORD MAYOR or LONDON,-Tho booming of the groat boll of St, Paul's on the day of tho death of tho Lord Mayor of London caused intense anxioty. It is an awful sounding knell, such, says tho ¡Some News, as no other bell oraitB. Its deep noto rolls, vibrating along over the wholo city, aud must bo heard miles away. It is ono, happily, that does not-often speak to us of tho death of tho great. It is a hundred years sinco it tolled for a Lord Mayor, and few know that ho had boon in danger, and connected tho sound witii tho possibility that it was for him. Poor Nottago I Wo all deeply regrot him who have como in con- tact with him. Ho wisoly and well filled 0,11 tho duties of his offico ; ho was most kind and interested at once in tho matter that was brought underbids notico, and all could o'xpect from him tho " very utmost that his oflioo permitted1' and '. goodwill could prompt him to do. ? During tho briof time ho served ho had not' liiado^an enemy, but thousands of friends. Following" upon ona who hadjbecomo so deservedly popular, ho had'th'e moro difficult task to porform ; hut ho was equal to it. In these days tho Lord Mayor has, it seems to us, greater duties -to porform than of old ; then a fair represen- tativo was one who could well entertain, and mako his year's caroer onu of fcativity and enjoyment. Very serious duties now, lio in tho path of tho Lord Mayor, which rcquiro ii high claBS mau to porform thom-certainly ono of great tact and sound souse and worldly experience-a gentleman, and ono who has a duo political rogard to the affairs of this country in its outward relations ; abovo all, his charity must bo largo, wiso, and unosten- tatious. , ' THE TERRIBLE SPRINGTIME IN EUROPE. Tho horrid Easter winds (says tho Home Netos) did for Lord Mayor Nottago. Ho was fairly well in health two days before tho Easter review at Brighton, and by braving it on tho Downs it planted death in him. It has been tho most cruel spring known for years, and thousands haVo gono down boforo it.' To fly the country anrf be off to other lands is to sccuro but little better, for in some favoured regions of winter's mildness tho weather has been worso, if, anything, than in England, and in tho South of Europe tho typhoid fever demon lias commenced to rago in an alarming way, Englishmen aro down by hundreds on the Continent with it, and it seems, without croaking, or, rather, echoing tho ideas of tho faculty, that it is tho procursor of worse, as showing a most abnormal condition of the air. Spring seems to bo absolutely waiting for a enanco to show itself. The trees and shrubs have for a fortnight past been faintly struggling, advancing towards leaf, which ought to bo hero in almost impercoptibla degree, and waiting for tho word "go," whioh aomo benign and warmth-bogotting spirit may givo tho world. 