Queensland News. A Quick Despatch !— A letter, addressed in a clear legible hand, and sent from Havens wood on tho 12th of June, 1882, to Mr. A. Convoy, of Charters Towers, was only delivered to that gentleman last week— nearly throe years after it had boon posted. The Miner re garua mis us tno mosc smiting instnnco it nns yet seen of tho aotivity of the Postal Depart ment. A. Foolish Trick. — What might havo been a serious accident (Bays tho Wide Bay and Burnett Kcivs) occurred tho othor day at East Mary borough. A person, name unknown, threw into a fire a loaded cartridge, presumably to frighten tho blacks. On the cWge exploding, tho bullot lodged in the body of Mr. C. L. Eastlake, who was passing at the tim*), nnd there it still remains. Tho Btupi'1 perpetrator of this imbeeilo joke, finding that someone was hurt, decamped with more than decent prooipi tation. Leadex Pills used Extkrvally. — While a detachment of the Maryborough contingent wero out shooting at tho rifle butts on Satur day afternoon (says the Wide Bay and Burnett Neicsoi l!)th instant), one of the shooters nearly potted tho marker. It seems that Private Wall, who was marking, instead of putting his disc on tho tho target through tho slit made, in tho mantlet for tho purpose, had marked from tho side. Tho bullet struck tho target, splashed down, and about nine or ten of tho drops found thoir way into Wall's leg, He Slid nothing about tho affair till the snootillg Was done. The pieces wero taken out by Dr. Harricks, two of thom being half tha fize of a small pea, and the others not bigger than the head of an ordinary pin. The man who shot the ball waa not aware of what he had done until ho met his 'victim' in the Btreet the sumo ( voning. The accident was purely the marker's fault. SlK TaiqiaS AND THE MAETBOEOUamtTES. — Surprise cannot but be expressed at the appa rent indifference with which the approaching visit of Sir Thomas M'llwraith to this town is being treated (says tho Maryborough Chronicle). As far as it is publicly known, no attempts haveyetbeenmadotoentertainthisdistinguished statesman in Maryborough nor of affording his constituents an opportunity of hearing him speak on matters political from his point of yiow ; but it is quito probable that his more influential supporters aro privately arranging to give him a fitting reception nnd welcomo on his arrival hore to-morrow. In Bundaberg moat elaborate preparations are being made f^r the reception of Sir Thomas. He will leave overland for that town, and is to be m=t about nine miles out of town and accompanied the rest of the journey by tho citizens, and in the evening ia to be treated to a banquet on a sumptuous scale at the proverbial Bundaberg price — one guinea a head. ^'FroE-WATEn' and tub Kanakas. — 'We (Maryborough Chronicle) have been informed that serious trouble has been caused at the Urangan plantation, Pialba, owing to some wilful or unthoughtful person supplying tho kanaka boys with 'grog.' Last Saturdayand Sunday ths boys wero maddened with drink and commonced fighting, which resulted in several of them being frightfully knocked about. Had it not been for the firmnoss of tho manager, it is probable thut a murder or several would have been committed. It is an exceedingly dan gerous thing where there are only a fow white men to control tho kanakas, while in this in toxicated state, and it ia well that they wero subdued before auy fdtul conflict had occurred. This ij not [the first timo that liquor has been supplied to the islanders on this plantation, and the sooner the sly grog selling culprit ia brought to justice tho better. EocKHAjiproN Sharpers. — It ib reported (says the Jlockhampton Bulletin) that a man named Joseph JenkinB, who lately arrived in Rockhnmpton from tho Banana distriot, and who is suffering from eoro ryes, was met by threo men about one hundred yards from the north end of tho Fitzroy Bridge shortly before 8 o'clock on Sunday evening. One of them seized him and laid him on tho ground, nnd whiSc two held him down tho other removed a leather purse from his trousers pocket. In the purse was £2 16s., consisting of two notes and silver. After relieving him of his money they decamped and crossed the bridge. The thieves aro supposed to belong to tho gang of sharpers who parade tho streets of the town at all hours of the day and night, and whom, we are pleased to notioe, the police aro wntohing with as much keenness as is possible wi'h the limited number of men available for duty in the centre and outskirts of the town. It ia remarkable that tho men did not take Jenkins's watoh and chain, and it behoves the public to be careful, as it is evident the olass now in Rockhampton intend to kuve alone property that may leud to their eventual identification and discovery. A Gitowi, ynOM Gymme. — The Qympie Miner says : — 'Tho want of an immigration depot is severely felt on Gympie, that at Maryborough being of no use to us, seeing that it is always miserably supplied with servants, the few that are sent there from Brisbane, nnd that rarely being absorbed on thoir arrival. Maryborough is as badly off as Gympie for domestics, and the hardship has now assumed such dimensions that the numerous employ -rH of that land of labour should put thoir wita to work and try to see how the evil can be remedied. The papers are daily full of advertisements for servants, but none aro to bo had and at this moment there are many establishments which have for months beon without a servant-, and what's more, oan't obtain thom either for love ormoney, particularly the former. We are heavily taxed t'ur immigration, but it is not those who ore eo that receive the benefit, but the immigrants. Matters in this lino aro deoidedly getting worse instead of bettor, und tho result will be that a number of peoplo will be compelled, in self di-fonco, to bund togother for the purpose of importing Indian eervunta. A movement haB been already mode in thiB direction by Rome of our Melbourne friends, and haB been found to onager most satisfactorily. The destitute state of tho domestic market hore is thoroughly well-known in Brisbane, whose wants have to bo Hipplied before thoso of tho country towns, no mittor what their sizo and importance, con sequently wo are always left out in the oold. Tho best servants in tho world are the Dane?, who approximate more closely in their habits with the English, than any othor nation, being cleanly, active, industrious, and heiilthy, fur more so than any other class of emigrants. Thoy are infinitely superior, particularly the femile portion of them, to the wrotobed BpeoimonB of humanity which reach us from tho mother country. Our Agents-General should direot their attention to Danish immigration, nnd encourage it. by every means in their power, as it is superior to any other. The duily iuoreasingdemandforfomale servants must nventunlly work its own cure, as employer* will bo driven in theer desperation to revive the Anglo-Indian labour qucition for tho purpose nf supplying their wants. Thou eunds of British emigrunts have been re-shipped back to their own oountry by tho United states during tho lust year beoause there waa no em ployment for them. The British Government should havo shipped them to Australia, nnd thus benofitted them as well an tho onlonies. T» ey might starve at home, but they can't here. 