MISCELLANEOUS. There are now 1,700 boys enrolled in the Victorian Caddt Corps. Since the rains in the Far North the country is lo-i!;in-r well, and stock is rapidly improving in condition. Mr. Thos. Coombe is a Freethinker, but if returned to Parliament he would take the oath of allegiance. A boj uauieti Chas. Brown has teen knocked down by a cab at Moonta and killed. The public baths in Vienna are 1-56 feet wide by 578 feet long, with a. depth of water ranging to 12 feet. Two women — Mrs. Burton and Mrs. Keep — have been sentenced to death in Sydney for poisoning the husband of Keep in 18ri3. The New Zeal'.ind Government has been asked to reopen public vrurli.-, :m the har vest havinjr proced a complete failure hun dreds of men ate out of employment. A Wellington (N.Z.) paper says that every homeward-bound vessel is pestered with applications by recently-arrived immi grants to be allowed to work their passages home. The secretary of the Singer Manufactur ing Co., New York, died the other day worth £400,000. He leaves only one child — a daughter. .No aspirants need apply. She is married. A Danish writer speaks of a hovel so miserable that it didn't know which way to fall, and so kept standing. This is like the man that had such a complication of di seases that be did not know what to die of, and so lived on. ' Australians are showing- themselves second to none,' said Archbishop Moran. 'They have come to the front in the cricket field and on the river, and now they are going1 to let us see what they can do to the battle-field.' The hours of the supremacy of dynamite are numbered. The explosive of the future in undoubtedly gelatine, the latest invention of Alfred Nobel, of Edinburgh. Already od the continent the manufacture of this agent has assumed important dimensions. The following piece of news conies from the United States : — Prince Henry of Bat tenbur^r, who is to marry Queen Victoria's daughter, was a fiddler in the Bayreuth orchestra duriug one of the Passion Play seasons. The young fellow has no income, but his uncle allows him £200 a year.'' H. Berry, the successor of the famous English executioner Binns, is a pupil of the equally famous Marwood. He has discarded the manilla hemp of his predecessor, substi tuting therefor a rope of Italian eilk a little over five-eighths of an inch in diameter. He is 33 years of age. A luminous tree grows in a valley near Tuscarora, Nevada, U.S.A. At certain seasons the foliage gives out sufficient light to enable any one near to read small print, while the luminous leaves can be seen a mile away. The phenomenon is attributed to parasites. Noremac finished his long- walk in Mid lothian Hall, New York, on Thursday night, March 5. His undertaking was to cover 5,100 miles in 100 days, bis walking to be done between 9 o'clock a.m. and midnight. Unfortunately for Noremac the scoring is not deemed authentic, and Weston's record of 5,000 miles in 100 days must stand. The Duke of Edinburgh played the violin at the new town hall, Reading, in s.id of the Royal College of Music. Before his Royal Highness would appear it was a condition that at least £500 should be guaranteed. This the mayor and an influential committee soon obtained, and the subscription list now amounts to over £800. The votes for repairing damage done by dynamite explosions in the Tower, &c;, are as follows : — Houses of Parliament, £8,625 for repairs of damage by the dynamite ex plosion on January 24; £5,500 for the House of Commons; £500 for furniture, clocks, &c.; ; £75 for electrical installation ; and £2,500 for Westminster Hall. Captain Cockburn, lately of the Indian army, but now a tobacconist, recently be came insolvent in Melbourne. The judge ordered him to pay £50 a year out of his pension to his creditors. On appeal from them it was held that a pension is not in the nature of half pay, but for past services, and therefore the order was good. The sons of Scotia are getting very proud and 'orty, it seems. A Melbourne firm, not knowing any better, put some rubicund loafers into kilts, and sent them around with land sale bills. Thev hadn't been airing their legs for long, when an 'indignant Scotchman' called at the Herald office to protest against what he called an insult to Scotland, in ' degrading the national cos tume to such a calling as hand-bill distribu tion.' A rich saddler, whose daughter was after wards carried to Dunk, the celebrated Earl of Halifax, ordered in his will that she should lose the whole of her fortune if ebe did not marry a saddler. The young Earl of Halifax, in order to win the bride, actually served an apprenticeship of seven years to a saddler, and afterwards bound himself to the rich saddler's daughter for life. The aggregate results for the year 1884 show that England and Wales, together, produced a wheat crop of rather more than 77,867,000 bushels, at nn estimated average rate of 29.85 bushels per acre, or 1.19 bushels above the estimated ordinary yearly average yield. For Scotland, the estimated total produce amounts to 3,348,000 bushels, at an average rate of 34.17 bushels per acre, or 1.48 bushels above the estimated ordinary average yield. Thus the playful ' Dagonet' in the Lon don Referee : — I cut from the Globe — ' Yes terday the Bicester foxhounds had a re markable run, which terminated in the fox falling dead in front of the hounds. Five horses were killed during the chase, includ ing the animals ridden by Lady Cbesbaru and Colonel Williams.' Cruelty to animals ! Nonsense. Sport, sir — British sport. It is this sort of thing which makes us a great nation. The Electrician states that M. Paul Thie bault, aged 30 years, married, without children, has been struck dead by the current generated by the electric light ap paratus at the works of M. Chertemps in Paris. The result of the inquest showed that the deceased had entered the room oh the first floor where the apparatus was at work, and had involuntarily taken hold of the conducting wires, receiving a shock that killed him instantaneously. G. Augustus Sala is one of the few people who have recovered their eyesight after being totally bliud for. a number of years. For three years Pala lived in darkness* He had lost his sight, aud it was supposed would be totally blind for the remainder of his life. But at the age of nine his sight came back almost miraculously, and he has never since hnd any trouble with his eyes, although engaged in an occupation of the meet trying nature. The public prosecutor at Leicester must have a busy time of it just now. Recently, 10 persons, forming the first batch of 5,000 ordered for prosecution, were charged with contravening the Vaccination Acts. The defendants pleaded guilty, but expressed a determination not to have the operation of vaccination performed at any hazard. Each of the accused was ordered to have the operation performed within a month. The whole proceedings seemed like the pro verbial bringing of the horse to the water and trying to make him drink against his inclination. A Sydney paper says: — Some excitement has been created in Wodongu and the North- Eastern district of Victoria by th'e j.liejjed illegal marriage of a young girl of English descent to a Chinaman, by a local clergyman. When the girl whs aslied whether she would have the Celestial for her husband, she answered in the negative, but notwithstanding this the ceremony was concluded. The residents of the district then got wroth, and the young bride was taken in charge by a well-known school teacher. The matter will be placed in the hands of the Commissioner of Police. The following item will be interesting to all horticulturists, for its application is as simple as keeping a cat where mice are too abundant : — At the last meeting of the Royal Microscopical Society, London, Mr. A. D. Michael (who is an authority on the subject^ read a paper on the 'Tyroglyphidce' — an acarus or tree-mite, which is well known in America, and has recently ap peared in Britain. This mite, it is believed, destroys the louse infesting the bark of the apple tree. An English paper writes : — What the Lord Chief Justice described as ' a new terror in connection with dinner parties'' was revealed lately iu an application to reverse a County Court decision awarding Mrs. Watson, a housekeeper, £50 for in juries sustained by tripping over a carpet placed across the pavement for the guests arriving at a party given by Colonel Ellis, in Pcttland'Place. Contributory negligence was pleaded on the part of the defendant, but his Lordship remarked that surely a pedestrian could look up at the stars with out being guilty of negligence. The verdict was allowed to stand. A remarkable romance is reported from Salform. Some years ago a party of gipsies, it is said, left a poor little girl in Salford, who was eventually admitted into the workhourse, where she remained for some months. The other day a lady drove up to the workhouse, and the officials recognised in her the little gipsy waif. It is said that she went from Salford to the work house school in Leytonstone. Sub sequently she became a domestic servant in Margate. On removing to London a young nobleman fell in love with her, made her his wife, and she expects ere long to be a gipsy countess. A Melbourne correspondent of the Town and Country Journal states that indignation exists among a section of Wesleyans at the action of the president of the conference, the Rev. H. Bathe. It appears that the Rev. G. N. Harle was announced to lecture in the St. Kilda Town Hall on 'Mes- merism and Phrenology,' and in proof of his recent success as a medical mesmerist lift TOflS in PThihit A natinnt nrhn linrf developed clairvoyance. The hall was well filled, but Mr. Harle announced that he had been interviewed by the Rev. Mr. Bathe, who told him that if he persisted in lectur ing, he would insist on his resigning the ministry. He offered to return the money, but only five of the audience took it. The others urged him to lecture despite of the prohibition, but Mr. Harle declined. Osman Digna interviewed by an Arab merchant : — ' I asked Osman what was the Mahdi's definite object. He answered, smillingly, 'He intends to prevent the Cbriitiari8 from bathing in the Nile ; that is to say, he ia bent on restoring the whole river district, from its sources to its mouths, to the Mussulmans.9 ' Bui,' I asked him, ' do you think the Padishah will remain in different to the conquest of Egypt and the Soudan ?' 'I know not what the Padishah will do,' he replied, ' but I can answer for it that, after the Mahdi has taken Cairo, he will send envoys to Constantinople inviting the Sultan to form an alliance with him against the unbelievers.' ' This from the Sydney Evening News: — In a recent number of the War Cry, which contained a report of tb« ' war' in India, it was said 'Officers wear the dress of Fakirs, as in other parts of India.' A correspondent writes — ' I have seen a good many Fakirs, and their dress consists simply of a string round the waist, about a quarter of an or dinary sized handkerchief, and two or three amulets on the arms.' He wants to know whether the male and female captains of the Salvation Army in India go abnut in this costume, and whether there is any probabi lity of the custom spreading to Australia. In Douglas, Isle of Man, recently, Mr. Deemster Gill, her Majesty's second judge, together with the Speaker of the House of Keys, the Governors secretary, the high bailiff of Peel, and four members of the Manx bar, were severally fined Gd, without costs, for having been on licensed premises after 11 p.m. on December 19. Mr. Gill on that evening entertained the Governor and island officials and advocates in the Castle Mona Hotel at dinner to celebrate his eleva tion to the Bench. The manager, having neglected to obtain an ' extension of time' for that occasion, was fined 6d. The prose cutions caused much excitement through out the island. One of the Madrid newspapers, having asserted that Britain was desirous of engag ing Spanish officers and men for the war against the Mahdi, the British Legation was beseiged for a time by a crowd of officers, mast of whom had served under Don Carlos, who were clamorous for employment. A large number of men also came forward. One of the Carlist officers offered to raise a force of 4,000 men instantly if the British Government would accept them. As a matter of fact the British Legation in Madrid had received no icctructions in re lation to the enlistment of Spanish officers and men for service in the Soudan. A frontier correspondent write to the Lahore paper : — ' Cabul news is to the effect that the Ameer is in bad health, and suffering alternately from gout, fever, tooth and earache, that he continues his exactions from merchants and traders on the plea of providing funds for the national defence against Russian aggression ; and that he is at variance and at issue with the chiefs in regard to his foreign policy towards Russia. The chiefs contend that the true policy is to firmly and resolutely repel Russia, and not to endeavor to stave off ultimate results by futile negotiation and conciliation. Mean while Russian agents and emissaries con tinue to come and go freely, and are treated with honor and consideration.' Jersey is but a small island ; if it were square, it would just be 6| milea each way. Yet this little spot manages to support about 12,000 cattle ; that is, roughly speak ing, one for every two acres of its surface (rocks, roads, and wastes, and house-room for 60,000 people included). And it has done this for the last 20 years at least ; for the census of 1861 gives the number of cattle in Jersey as 12,037. What is more remarkable, it exports every year above 2,000 head (the average export by the Customs returns for the last 18 years being 2,049), nearly one for every 10 acres. Now, the total number of cattle in England only averages one head to 10 acres ; it therefore follows that, in proportion to its size, Jersey exports every year as many cattle as J'-:ig,- lisnd contains. In other word?, if England were to export cattle at the same rate, her whole stock would be swept nwuy in a single 3rear; not a hoof would be left behind. A practising barrister in London, writing to the St. James's Gazette, s;iid that in Eng land alone, and in those British possessions where Eug/lish counsel haTe a right of audience, there are no less than 7,20(J practi tioners, without reckoning the members of the Scottish, Irish, Manx, or colonial bars. Iu the metropolis there are as many as 3,0 0; and only a moderate percentage of these are earning a respectable income, whilst it is estimated that not more than 50 are making from £2,000 at £10,000 a year, and not more than 25 from £10,000 to £20,000 per annum. Practically (observes the writer of the letter referred to) the greater men at the bar make considerable incomes, for which they work very hard. The smaller men for year after year practi cally make nothing at all, and are often ab solutely out of pocket. Some of them have private means. Others are subsidised from home. Others make a little money by journalism, or reporting, or private tuition. They bear their Bufferings as bravely as did the Spartan youth who was hiding the stolen fox. Bnt they suffer terribly. A remarkable automatic torpedo, in the form of a cigar-shaped vessel, is being built at Hartford, Eugland. It is SO ft. long, with a diameter in the centre of 30 in., and combines a very powerful explosive, with ample propelling and steering ma chinery. Six engines developed 1,000 revolu tions of the screw per miuute, the motive power being carbonic acid gas. Moving three or four feet below the surface of the water, and guided by an operator from the shore or vessel by means of an electric wire, it is expected that the speed attainad, which is at the rate of a mile in three or four minutes, will make the almost in visible craft an effective engine of destruc tion against tho most powerful ironclad which is unprepared for its mysterious ap proach. The torpedo, which is of the well known Lay- Knight pattern, is made of copper. It is to be offered to a foreign Government for trial, with a view of securing a contract for a number of similar weapons. The following is from the Daylesbury Herald: — ' An amusing conversation took place recently in an up-country town be tween a zealous ' private' in the Salvation Army and a clergyman hailing from the 'Land o' Cakes.' 'Captain' Turner was leaving the town by train, and the members of the Army mustered in full strength at the railway station to bid him farewell, assisted by their brass band. A good crowd of ' un washed' were also present, and as the train moved away from the platform eheers were given, handkerchiefs waved, the band played, and many tears ehed. 'Look there !' said the member of the Army to the clergyman, « is that not really enthusiastic ?' The person thus addressed admitted that it was. * And did you ever see a church clergy man leave the town in such a manner?' asked the ' soldier, who thought he had his game in hand ; but the clergyman was equal to the emergency, and after a moment's re flection he calmly replied, in the broad ac cent of his mother tongue : ' Wcel, no ; I canna say that ever I saw a meenister 'drummed' oot o' the toon before ?' ' A new theory of the origin of man has been put forth by a Professor Gherke, who has proved, at least to his own satisfaction, that the aboriginal Americans and the people of the north of Europe are descended from Polar bears. Toward the end of the glacial period, he argues, these bears floated south on icebergs, could not return, and were obliged to make the best of their own environment. They gradually shed their Alpine coats, adopting a lighter and more suitable fur, and desiring to keep at least one pair of feet dry, took to walking on their hind legs, till in the course of a 'few thousands of millions of years the forelegs became arms, and the bears men. Professor Gherke founds his theory on structural peculiarities, and it is interesting to note that his conclusions have been accepted and his proofs expanded by the well-known scientist attached to the New York Times. This savant adopts the theory because of the close resemblance which he finds between the habits of bears who have not in outward guise become men, and men who have the habits of bears. The bear is, for instance, inordinately fond of whisky, and this has been noted in many men. The tendency of man to squeeze objects — such as the female of his species — is inherited from his ursine ancestor ; and the habit of growling when displeased is obvious in its origin. A bear standing on its hind legs in moments of excitement, and frantically waving its fore paws, is said to bear a marvellously close resemblance to a certain excited politician addressing a public meeting, and pointing out to the audience with vigorous gesticulation the immediate necessity of turning out the present ad ministration. 