NEY/S OF THE WEEK. Tah Wesleyan body in P^rth will hold their annual tea-meeting in aid of Mis ÍQj.he-liuatJiun«-at-an early-date._ Last Sunday it was announced in Wosloy Church that, until further notice, tho evening service would commence at half past seven instead of seven o'clock. The R.M.S. Shannon arrived at Albany at 7 a.m. ou|Monday. Her pas-engen for this colony were the Rev. Mr. Rnthetford, Mrs. Rutherford, three daughters and two sous. The Colonial Secretary proceeds to Eng- land, wo believe, on tho 25th inst. Dur- ing the absence from the colony of the bon. gentleman the duties of hisoffico will be carried on bv Captain Smith, Super- intendent of Police, Mr. G. B. Phillips taking the latter office. "We regret to hear that Mr. Robert Clarkson met with a severe accident at Roebourne, on Saturday last. He was out riding when his borso suddenly fell, ana before its rider could extricate him- self, the animal rolled over him, breaking one of his arms in two places. We are reqnested to state that Messrs. Trinder, Anderson and Co. intend des- patching the ship River Clyde, 741 tons, at the end of the present month from London, charging for freight at the rato of 10s. per ton, to the supporters of the line. Shippers wishing to tako advant- age of this opportunity should telegraph their orders at once. Messes. Courthope & Co. inform us that their auction of Mr. Justice Stone's land at One Tree Hill, South Perth, at- tracted a very fair audience. The bid- dings were moderately spirited, and ex- actly half the lots were sold at an average price of £-41 10s. each. Enquiries are being made after the remaining lots, and they are available for selection at the upset price till till end of the week only. The Government land sale held at the Land Office.on Wednesday, was very well attended, and the bidding extremely spirited. The prices reached a high figure. Fremantle town lot No. 32, about three acres in extent, brought £115. Other Fremantle town lots, nine in num- ber, numbered 43 47, 50-51, and 56-57, each about two acres in area, brought from £100 to £60. Derby town lot No. 63, two roods, went for £ 72. The sale altogether brought £930. There is, it appears, a parliamentary rule in the other colonies forbidding even the use of the Governor's name in debate. When Sir Henry Parkes recently made the attack upon Lord Augustus Loftus, an 'account of which we give in another column, the speaker. Mr. Barton, attempt ed to call Iii ni to order, but so angry was the knight and so amused and noisy the House, that he was obliged to desist and let the irate Sir Henry have his say. The unfortunate denizens of Perth, after tho rain of Sunday night, found them- selves yesterday obliged to face footpaths which, for the most part, were nothing better than bids of slush to which the middle of the street was infinitely prefer- able. After such an experienco surely no one can still be found to argue that some systematic and comprehensive scheme for ameliorating the condition of these, as public conveniencies most miserable fail- ures, is not urgently required. Messrs Forrest and Angove, land and stock agents, report having sold the fol- lowing properties : North Perth, contain- ing an| area of 140 acres for £5400 to Messrs Slade of N. S. Wales and others, on account of Tt. W.J Sutherland Esq. The balance of View Hill estate for £'G00 to Mr. Jus. Grave ; on account of Mr. J. J. Fleming. The Parry gardons W93. 94\. 95. to Messrs Grave and Lacey for £1000; and on another acconnt, Alban}' town lots £1. S2. S3. S4. to Dr. Waj'len and others for the sum of £1250 cash. The Victorian Express states that at an entertainment given to the Governor during his recent visit to Geraldton His Excellency said he had heard from His Royal Higluiess the Piinco of Wales by the last mail, who iiatl expressed the l>!casure ho felt that tho people of West- ern Australia were so grateful and grati- fied at the interest he had taken in the colony. The Prince also wrote that he cherished the idea ol' being abl-s to visit Australia, and His Excellency said -we might feel assured that if His Royal lli»hnoss did so, Western Australia would be included in his visit. A meeting of the Perth Literary Socie- ty took place on Monday evening, the Rev. T. Kyte occupying the chair. The Vico-Presicleut, Mr. G. Randell, was also present. The delivery of Mr. H. S. Trigg's essay was, at that gentleman's request postponed for a future occasion. It was arranged to hold a debate next Monday week, the subject for discussion being .' Tim abolition of oaths in courts of justice." A suggestion that arrangements should be made for holding a tea meeting and concert in connection with the so- ciety was received with favour. A few other items of business having been at- tended to, the rose of the evening was de- voted to reading aud recitations. It will be rememb^rod that last Monday week, when mentioning the running of a Saturday excursion train to York Greenmount, we made some reference to the claims which employes in stores liad upon the considération of the authorities, as their duties debarred them from par- ticipating in tha pleasure of a weekly, trip into the country on tho day fixed upon. We are glad to hear that from next Tuesday till further notice au ex- cursion traiu will leave Perth for Fre- mantle every Tuesday at 2-15 p.m., re- turning at 0 p.m. Single faros will'be charged for the double journey. It is a pity the authorities could not have ar- ranged for a trip to York Greenmount instead of to Fremantle, but, as that seoms impracticable, they have certainly done the nuxt best tiling. The condition of the colony of Fiji seems to be becoming almost desperate, what with the rapidly diminisliingniimberof the natives, the low price of planters'produce, and the difficulty iu procuring labour. Added to these causes of decline, we hoar now of a disease attacking the banynas lately oue of the few1 sources of profit left to the unfortunate settlers. This disease is stated to be apparently as fatal to the banana as is the phylloxera vastatria to the vine. So many plantations have been attacked by it and rendered barren that it was» with the sreatestditiieulty cargoes of the fruit have been lately obtained for the Australian markets. Tho price also has declined, and whereas it costs Is. 6d. to produce a bunch of bananas, only Is. has been realized. Mr. Thnrston has returned to the colony and been sworn in as Ad- ministrator. Ho was received without enthusiasm. Just as tho afternoon train was leaving Perth Station for Fremantle on Sunday, a man, undeterred by the regulations or by tho danger attending such an experi- ment, attempted to foi ce an entrance into one of the saloon carriages. The guard called out to him that hu was too late, but. ho insisted upon entering, and in trying to do so, his foot slipped and he fell between the carriage and the plat- form. Tho train, which had only just moved off, was stopped, and the mau rescued from his perilous position; but had not tho greatest promptitude been exercised, a vei'y shocking accident would, in all probability, have been the result of the foolhardy attempt. As it was. the occurrence occasioned much commotion amongst the passengors, many of whom were women and ~chl7dren.- Had a panic arison amongst them, the consequences might have been more serious than the death of the senseless mau who would have been the cause of it. The annual general meeting of the Metro- politan Cricket Club was held on the afternoon of Friday last, when the report and balance sheet for the past season (1884-5) were read and adopted. The following gentlemen were elected mem- bers ; Messrs. R. A. Piper, F. Bennion, G. B. P. Solomon, G. B. Sweeting, W. Sandover, G. W. Dent, Junr., R. M. Blandy, A. 21. Webster. A. Anderson. The officers for the present year are : President, Mr. G. C. H. James ; Captain, Mr. G. Parker; Hon. Secretary and Treasurer, Mr. A. Curtis ; and Messrs. E. Sholl, F. Bennion, and F. E. Stafford, Committee men. The officers of tho Club were instructed to consider the question of forming a Cricketing As- sociation, and to make their report upon the subject, as soon as possible, to a gen- eral meeting of members. The proceed- ings terminated with a vote of thinks to the outgoing officers, and a similar vote to the chair. In reply to the deuials of the Conserva- tive leaders, to which we recoutly refer- red, that any compact had been made between themselves and Mr. Parnell, Mr. Herbert Gladstone, in a letter subse- quently published, states that lie is willing to withdraw words which correctly enough described the practical result of tho tiausactioa he was reteiring to, but which perhaps, did not accurately convey to those oHtside the House of Commons the method by which it was arrived at. He then proceeds to reiterate at length, though in different words, his previous accusation. Lord Randolph Church- ill, a few days later, in Dorsetshire, declared that he would say uothinj about the yelping, the piping and !.. screaming of the small fry of the Libi.-r.il party, like Mr. Herbert Gladstone They were utterly beneath contempt. Ho would fly at higher game, which he t^n pro- ceeded to do, evading by this m. is any direct answer to the very pertinent, and, if (rue, very damaging statements of his political adversary. As it does not appear to be generally kuown that there are certain Regulations connected with auriferous lands in exis- tence, we give elsewhere the most impor- tant of those proclaimed last year. It will be observed that they only deal with tlie sale, disposal, and letting of the lands on which gold may bo found. No regula- tions have been issued referring to the appointment of a judicial authority, or the ascertainment of rights, or the main- tenance of law «and order on a gold field once it lias been found. Of course it was obviously impossible to draw up rules of the latter type under an authority, such as that above, which 011I3 applies to waste lands of the Crown. There is an Act, or rather an Ordinance, in existence, dated so tar back as 1854, which enables the Governor to make regulations '' concern- ing goldfields, licenses, and all matters of police connected therewith"; but the rules made under this Ordinance, are only to remain in force for three months af'er their publication. Mining on pri- vate property is forbidden, except with the consent of the owner or his agent. Under date October 6th our Victoria Plains correspondent writes :-" Since 1 last wrote the weather has been vo-y changeable, sometimes very hot aud then thundery and showery. Ou the uight of the 29th ult. we had some very heavy thunder and a few nice showers. It caine up cloudy again last Sunday and we have had a good deal of rain since. This rain will probably bo the salvation.of the crops, as they will be able to grow a while lon- ger before the ears come ont. Some sta- tions have finished shearing. The first loads of wool were dispatched from Walebing near a fortnight ago, and I ex- pect there will soon be a number of teams on tho road. ïouug grasshoppers have been very numerous of late. I hopo the present rough wea'her will destroy some of them, otherwise they will be trouble- some in a few weeks time. Mr. D. Macpherson haa lately imported a fine cart colt, from Victoria ; ho has a grand pedegroe, and promises to develop into a vory powerful aud symctrical animal. Influenza is prevalent just now in a rather more severe form than usual ; numbers of paoplo are laid up with i)^ Fnoir Fremantle a correspondent writes : -" I noticed a paragraph in a recent is- sue of your Fremantle morning contemp- orary, headed " Common Humanity." The person referred to. George Harwood, has himself to thank for his-present posi- tion. I was present in the police Court when Mr. F. Jones, some months since, drew the attention o£ the Resident Magistrate to the helpless condition of the man in question. Mr. Slade request- ed the police to vibit the poor fellow, and supply him with necessaries, and to re- port the case fully without delay. An offer was subsequently made to send him to the "home" but he refused to go. Yesterday, I am informed, the offer was repeated, but he declined to accept it, saying that he was supplied by a resid- ent in Fremantle, with sufficient to keep him out of the poor house, and that the writer in the Morning Herald had no authority for saying he was "without a helping hand to care for him." He said also he was quite happy and contented, having all he could wish for. I have written this after making very careful enquiries into the matter." The 'Vagabond,' in one of his recent essays, speaking of Australia as a field for English immigration, quotes the fol- lowing passage from one of Henry Eling sley's books in which the writer thus apostrophises the peasant oE tho shires, who refuses to migrate from his unkind- ly home :-" Let him freeze and bake on the hillside with his sheep ; let him stay up late with his team, and then get out of his warm bed in the biting winter wea- ther to feed them again at four; let i.im do liedle and ditch work on food which a Carolina negro would refus1? ; let him plough the heaviest clay until the public house becomes a heaven and a rest to him ; let him mow until the other mow- ers find bim so weak that that he must mow with them no longer, lest he ruin the contract; let him reap until his loud-' tongued wife can beat him at that- for he must marry. Ye%", he must marry, and in his own station too ; let him go on at the plough tail, among the frozen turnips, among the plashy hedge sides, until the inevitable 'leuuiatism catches liioi in the back, an be parish employs him ou the roads to .ve the rates ; and then when his wife dies let them send bim to the ' House,' and let him rot there, and be buried in a box." That is the life of many an English Hodge, adds the ' Vagabond,' but let him come out to this vast Australian bush and he will find work to do, which will assure him plenty in the present, and hope for his children of a still more prosperous future. A charge of rape was ou ílouday last preferred against a Chinaman called TJg- H-King. The victim is a young girl named Ada Spencer, between fourteen and fifteen years of age, the daughter of Mr. John Speucer, a well-known settlor living at tho Canning, and the alleged facts of the outrage are of a most revolt- ing nature, hitherto unparallellod in the history of crime in this colony. It ap- pears that ou Monday morning tile girl loft hor home to attoud school at the Landing, and, while on her way through the bush, was accostod iu a'lonely place by the Chinaman TJg-li-King, who, having gauged her mouth, carried out his felonious intentions, and then having laid her across a fence close by, beat her about the head with a stick uutil she became insensible. Whou the girl returned to consciousness, she found herself lying completely unclothed on the ground, with a heaA'y log of wood across her head. After a good deal of exertion she contrived to extricate her head from its superincumbent weight, and unfas- tened the bandage which had been placed across her mouth. She then collected several articles of her clothing, and, after a while, managed to get home. Her father, upou being informed of the cir- cumstances, communicated with con- stable Woods, who arrested the China- man the same clay and. brought bim to Perth. He was remanded for J ight days, wheu it is hoped Miss Speucer will be able to appear aud give evidence The London correspondent of a contem- porary writes:-"By another curious coincidence the King of Denmark is drifting into the situation of the most un- fortunate of the Stuarts, Charles I. His Ministers continue govern by means of ordinances. Taxe are levied and the public money spen without any Budget being voted. TL_ Constitution is vir- tually abolished. Thus far the population the great majority of whom belong to the Opposition, have shown rare patieuce and remarkable self-possession. The leaders of the Liberal party seem to have recoil- ed from r¿fnsing the payment of taxes, in spite of the bright example of Hampden and Pym. The state of uneasiness ia which government is carried on may bo judged from the fact that Ministers have forbidden the formation of rifle clubs, lest the peo.'le, having arms in their posses- sion, should learn how to use them. The fête of the Constitution, which was cele !>:-.itod early in the month, was on oppor :.ti!'ly£or Hie Opposition to review its foiecd. The Ministerialists, though they have trodden tho charter of the Kingdom under foot joined iü|that ceremony. Quar- rels ensued in varions plaees. In order to terrorize the rural districts the Atiais ters have sent out a Commission of En- quiry with full powers, and charged to proceed summarily against all political offenders. It amazes people accustomed to constitutional freedom to see a whole nation i-emain so calm under so inncli provocation and continue so firmly at- tached to a causo combated by such weapons. But it is precisely the coex- istence of that patience with that courag- eous obstinacy which seem3 to good judges to ensure final success for the Lib- eral party in the uneqnal struggle. The Icelanders are less patient. They have notified to the Danish Government that they will pay no more taxes unless they are represented in the Danish Parliament. The population of Iceland is 70,000 souls. Particulars came to handby'themail on Thursday of the sudden death, at Hom- burg of the late Major General Sir Harry Ord, news of which was received six weeks aso hy telegram. Our late Gov- ernor had, it appears, been in fairly good health for some time previous to his de- cease, aud on the day when the sad event occurred he went out for a drive in the afternoon. On his return he was appar- ently quit3 well and walked about fifty yards up the street to his hotel. As he passed along a corrider leading to his dressing room he suddenly dropped down dead-his death being quite instantane- ous and painless, resulting from rupture of the heart. Lady Ord was with Sir Harry at Homburg, and his two sons Mr. William Ord, and Captain St. John Ord, also Sir John* Glover, and other friends. The remains were removed to England for interment at Fornham, and amongst those present at tho funeral, besides members of the family, relatives and friends, were the Maharajah of Johore witk several other distinguished native personages, who had become much attach- ed to the deceased general while he held .the'Government of the Straits settlements. Sight days only after Sir Harry Ord's death, his brother-in-law, Colonel Ord, late of the Boyal Suffolk Hussars-with whom since he left Western Australia Sir Harry had been living at Fornham House, near Bury St. Edmunds-died also under the same roof from which his near rela- tive's remains had sorecently been convey- ed to the grave. To Lady Ord this sudden doable bereavement proved, we hear, a terrible shock; siie had, however, borne up with wonderful calmness and iu her sad trial, has the heartfelt sym- pathy of many friends, of none more heartfelt than of those in "Western Australia, who cherish her memory with respect and affection. An increasingly lar»e number of anni- versaries and celebrations of various de- serving societies have lately taken placo and are announced shortly to take place, in the form of 'tea-meetings.' Of toa meetiugs we have had something to say on previous occasions, and in the interest of the institutions in question, we would again ask them whether it is not possible to abolish a no doubt time honoured, but none the less most undesirable species of entertainment and to substitute for it something a little less old-fashioned and lugubrious-a little more modern and animated. Of course we are aware that music, speeches, recitations, etc., follow the tea, cake, bread and butter and sau- sage rolls, but to mauy of those who feel compelled to take part in the meal, it robs the subsequent proceedings of any attrac- tion they might otherwise possess, and causes the whole thing to be looked for- ward to with a sinking heart. Wc pi esiuue there aro some people who really like these very wisby washy 'teas'; there must be, or else they would not bo attended, as they often are, by such considerable num- bers. And perhaps expostulations are useless, because it may be that tea-meet- ings aro found, financially, a success. Yet, snrely, some novelty might be dis- covered which would be eqnally attractive and would not so greatly tax the patience of those who feel bound in duty to promote these fuuetions with their presence and their help. For instance, we might suggest a-sort of conversazione, at which the usual kind of platform entertainment could bo dispensed, while the visitors ' circulated' during the intervals, and partook of light refreshments spread on buffets whenever it pleased them so to do. This would bj far moro bright and pleasant in every -way ; the heaviness of tlio 'feed' would be suppressed and there would bo more freedom, variety, and en- joyment. "From Newcastle under date October 5th, a correspondent writes : -" The much wanted rain has come at la^t. We had some beautiful showers during the night, and I am glad to say there is every indi- cation some continuance of wet weather. The crops and gardens will now make a fresh start ; in most places they were looking very bad. This rain will put a stop to shearing for a few days but that is of little consequence in comaprison with the good that will be done. Our show time is drawing near and I hear we shall have a good gathering and display. Tho ladies have their hands full ; two Bazaars take place on tho same day, and in the evening a Concert at the Mechanic's Institute in aid or that building. I hear a most attractive programme is being prepared and we may hope to see some ofour Perth and York friends on the stage. The races next day will no doubt be well attended as they generally are Our old friend " Rocket " is in good trim and we hear also of a good horse from the Plains. Hay and corn are cheap enough, so that people ought really to train for sport. Our stakes are very low, but why do not the settlers and others subscribe more liberally towards helping to keep up this enjoyable and grand old English sport of racing. Our Cricket Club is also falling off very much for want of funds. Our youths and young men should attend the practices and pay up these subscriptions. When will the Post Master General think proper to have a daily mad ? The contractor runs to Clackline every day and I feel sure for trifle he would bring a daily mail bag. It would be a great convenience to the public and no trouble to anyone. The railway mania is over for the present but I hope the two foot gauge is forgotten and that after all we shall have the same gauge as the rest of the Eastern Eailway. It would be no end of trouble and ex- pense being obliged to change all the luggage from one to the other, and I foel sure all must agree with me, that it would be a great mistake. Is our new school ever to be commenced ? This delay is too bad. The Caroline Islands, says the European Mail, over which the German and Span- ish authorities have been lately quarrel- ling, are a remarkable group of coral formations in the Northern Pacific. They are perhaps of no great strategic import- ance, since they lie on the road to no- where in particular; but, from the point ef view of the archaeologist, they are interesting in the extreme. Certain Dutch navigators, who visited them nearly a generation ago, returned to Europe with wonderful stories concern- ing the gigantic ruins that had been dis- covered on some of the smaller islets at the eastern end of the archipelago ; but it was not until 1833 that anythiug ap- proaching to a systematic survey of the group was undertaken. In thatyear Her" Majesty's ship Espiègle touched at many of the islands; and those ".oAkers who went ashore found that the magnificence of the remains had not been exaggerated. The most imposing ruins are at' Metala nini Harbour, in Ponapè, and the Cha- brol Harbour, in Kusaie ; and an idea of their grandeur may be formed from the bet thrt some of the stones of the build- ings measure 35 feet long by 20 feet broad and 15 feet thick. They are orna- mented with rude sculptures, which bear a family resemblance to the well-known sculptures of Easter Island, in the Southern Pacific ; yet Easter Island and the Caroliues are fully 6,C00 miles apart ; and, so far as is discoverable, there has never been any communication between them. Tha object and origin of the monuments are alike unknown. It may be added that the Caroline group, which was discovered by Spain in 1526, has hitherto, even by German geographers, been regarded as a Spanish possession ; although for years there have been no Spanish residents on any of the islands. The extent of the land surface of the group is rather more than 350 square miles j and the estimated population is about 22,000 s^uls, all of whom are of Malay race. A fairly good concert-the last of the series of the Saturday popidar entertain ments for the season - took place on Saturday evening, iu St. George's Hall, which was crowded with people. The Hon. A. P. Hensman occupied the chair, and in the course of the evening delivered a really excellent speech on the tempe- rance question, with which the speaker stated he had been in sympathy all his life, although he was not a total abstainer. Ho* warmly complimented the Good Templars upou the work they had done, and expatiated at some length upou the pleasures to be derived from music, and the important part it could be made to play in providing the reformed drunkard with a harmless substitute for his previous ill-regulated enjoyments. Mr. Hensman concluded his speech by wishing the Templars every success, and expressing the gratification he felt at being asked to preside at ouo of their meetings. The programme was then gone through, bnt as with some three or four exceptions the mines of the pieces were not given, it would be somewhat monotonous to particularize the performances of those who took part. Both ladies and gentle- men did their very best to please, and tho success which rewarded their efforts must have boon as gratifyirg to them- selves as it was appreciated by their au- dience. But without the slightest wish to be invidious, we cannot lot the opportunity pass without particu- larly complimenting Mr. F. Stevens upon the excellent style in which he delivered his humorous recitatiou. Those who aro desirous of exercising their elocutionary skill, would do well to take pattern from his easy, unaffected style of delivery. Towards the close of tho even- ing Mr. Lapsley called for a vote of thanks to the concerts-committee for their management of the series which had come to a close, and also to the ladies and gentlemen who had so kindly taken part in them. The speaker specially mentioned Mrs. Randell, and stated the pleasure it gave bim on behalf of his brother Templars to express their sense of tile obligation she had conferred on them by consenting, as she invariably did, to preside at the piano for them. Mr. Hensman requested the audience to pay a similar compliment to Mr. Tnmelty who had always been indefatigable in his efforts, and to whom so large an amount of that success was due. The request was acceded to with acclamation. The concert terminated with a vote of thauks to the Chairman proposed by Mr. Madge. A cobresfondent seuds the iollowing acconut of the Bayswater picnic :-" The picnic at Bayswater, or rathei to speak more correctly, Lydia Villa, furnished some excitement to the thirteen hundred persons who were present at it, although their measure of enjoyment was not filled to overflowing as was at first anticipated. It seems that, owing to unavoidable canses it was not found po33iblo to halt within easy reach of the ' villa,' consequent- ly the picnickers were compelled to alight from the train at the "Slade street " crossing, over a mile in distance from the picknicking ground. And as the city of Bayswater has not yet beon built, and macadamized roads in its streets are not yet a reality, the very disagreeable necessity of a hot and sandy walk had to be encountered before the promised land was reached, although whenever the weary pilgrims ascended a piece of rising ground, their flagging spirits wore cheer- ed by the sight of green grass and shady trees, and a couplo of stalls where, they were assured, cups of tea would be dis- pensed for a moderate fee. Distance fre- quently lends enchantment to the view, and upon a closer inspection of the um- brageous trees, and velvety grass, the picnickers found that their anticipations of rest were beyond their actual exper- ience. For, although the green grass certainly was to be found in the promised land, the leafv trees were not ; they lived, moved, and had their being on the pro- perty of a Bayswater neighbour who holds very decided oignions respecting the law of trespass. Jnst, as in the ear- lier part of the morning, ho had eject- ed the stall holders fiom his land, and sent them across the " border," so in tho earlier part of the afternoon did he give trespassers clearly to nuderstand that the ground on which the trees stood did not form any part of Bayswater pro- per, and until the hot faces he encounter- ed caused him to relax a little of his stern view of agrariau rights, the picnickers, perforce, basked in the warm sunshine. Nor could they refresh their weary frames with a cup of tea, for the water out of which the componnd had been ' fearfully and wouderf lilly made' was brackish. As to tlie edibles which the stalls contained, they disappeared witli the rapidity usual on 'sports' days aud other occasions when a large number of people consider it fash- ionable and necessary to eat, but do not pay particular attention to quality which how- ever in this case was extremely toothsome, What is considered the business part of the picnic commenced about three o'clock. Up to that timo very little eating beyoud that mentioned had beeu done, but at three o'clock all who chose to accept it were taught literally how to appreciate the truth that ' half a loaf is better than no bread,' for they got that,-' only that, and nothing more.' Fortunately having beeu told that visitors were expected to bring their own food, many had come so provided, otherwise, methinks, they would have had to dine almost oif nothing. ' Dinner' being ended certain quiet games were played by some, while others in- spected 2Ir. Farmer's future store, and ' Lydia Villa,' a new erection growing out of an old one, which like the house of the King of the Cannibal Islands, ' was built of mud for want of bricks.' Perhaps both were mado use of. Some, too, wandered over to the poultry yard where- in dwell domestic fowl, ducks, and an emu. The striking feature of the picnic however was the absence of men, there being beside the workmen at the villa, not moro than a dozen persons who did not belong to the gentler sex or to the tribe of juveniles. It is but due to Mr. Farmer, however, to say that he exerted himself sufficiently to make up for a dozen men, and the great amount of suc- cess the picnic attained was largely due to his activity and energy." If you are in a workshop, on the farm, at the desk, anywhere, and feel that your system needs cleansing, ton- ing, or stimulating, without intoxicat- ing, 