TO CORRESPONDENTS. i ' S. Bbows' writes : — ' Can you tellme why a child j should be retained at the public expense and made a i pauper till the age of IS, considering that the greatest ! number of our best young men and women have j earned their bread from the age of 12? Good servants \ and hundreds of industrious young people are under ! the age of IS.' ! ' Grubber.' — ¥ou should sign your name to your i letter, or else write to the Commissioner of Police. j ' J. M.':— We have ceased to answer such questions. ; ' E. B.~— The phrase may be translated, 'Nothing : is beautiful but the truth.' j 'A. J. Babxbs,' District Deputy, Adelaide, j I.O.G.T., writes : — ' I notice that active steps are ? i being taken by several gentlemen prominent in tae ! temperance cause with a view of presenting a testi- j menial to the Rev. D. O'Dounell, who has so ably i assisted in all matters pertaining to the advance of j sobriety in our city and colony for inany years past. ! As the rev. gentleman is leaving our shores in March in order to recruit his health in the mother country, and as during that month many of the temperance societies will be holding their annual sessions in the city, 1 beg to suggest to the executive committee of the testimonial fund the advisability of seeldmj the official co-operation of the I.O.G. Templars, LO. Recbabites, the Sons of Temperance, and the U.O. British Templars, all of whom I feel sure would most willingly unite together in order to assist in successfully carrying out the object. By such an act the funds received would be greatly aug mented, and the matter would be taken up with spirit by the executive of each of the societies named. FinaUy'l would suggest thatasthe LO. GoodTemplars will be holding their Grand Lodge sessions on the 3rd and 4th of March, at which there will be a large number of representatives in the city, a grand public demonstration for the purpose of making the pre sentation might take place in the Town Hall on the evening of the 5th.' 'G. Rtak,' writes:— 'I wish to draw the notice of the Government to the great temptation they offer to the men who are engaged in trapping rabbits. These men will have to swear that all rabbits they ! catch are caught on Crown lands. Now how, I are they to know that for certain? The land for the most part is unenclosed, and astheGovermnent intend | to pay only for scalps taken on Crown lands, the ! ', men must, of necessity, swear that they caught them ! on such , lands or otherwise if the rabbits are destroyed on leased land the men will not get any scalp money. | I think it would be a pity to lead men into this temptation.' *' S.H.'— The three papers are the Perth Inquirer, the Wctst Australian, aud the Fremanile Herald. i ' Sl- bsciiibikg Enquuxeb.' — Any bookseller in Ade- j ' laide will furnish you with the information you ! desire. ', 'C.B.'— If arrangements are made before reach- ? ing the colony. j ' Robe'bt Feexeyuovgii ' doubts the accuracy of Dr. Whitteli's statement as to the uncleanliness of carts used by market gardeners to .cart manure being a source of disease. Our correspondent knows for a fact that the carts when emptied of manure are washed and exposed to the sun before being used to cart vegetables. He asks why attention is not directed to the practice of the Chinese gardeners, who, he asserts, : use_ night soil in cultivating their vegetablefi, a practice j which our 'correspondent thinks more likely to en- j courage typhoid fever. i ' F.K.'*— In the case you refer to the magistrate j could uot very well grant an order for maintenance, I as we understand that it was not shown the defendant I was earning anytlung. We presume also that the magistrate was iu the best position to decide as to the custody of the children, both parties having been several times before him. ' G. A. McLeas' ' writes : — ' P. Whelan' wishes to know how it is that General Gordon is lauded as an English- j man, while O'Donovan llossa, who lias certainly as gocd a right to the name of Englisinan, is execrated j as an Irishman. In answer I might simply state i that Gordon is not lauded for being cither an English- \ man or a Scotchman, but (or the noble and heroic life j he lived, and for the good he has done for hiscountry, j while O'Donovan Rossa is execrated, not for being an : Irishman, but for being a Fenian, which is a great in- ! justice to England.' I 'Oxe foe the Protector' writes: — ' Beiug aeon- ! stant reader of your paper I cannot help noticing: the ? constant slurb that are thrown on our ProtecUir. * T. D. W.* says he feels sure that the moss of the people of South Australia never sanctioned the pur chase of tliat vessel. Does ? T. D. V.* think that when the Government require such a vessel they ? should get it by a casting vote of the whole public? . Does he suppose that South Australia is always going j to depend on England for protection^? South Aus- - Italia must make a start to protect herself some time, : and I for one feel glad that she has done so. Surely * T. 1 -. W.' cannct feel the few i-ence that will coais put of liis pocket to kelp keep the Protector. Victoria and New South Wales keep three and four war-vessels, , and surely we can keep one without making so muclt fuss about it. Perhaps 'T. D. W.f never had the pleasure of seeing a warship before, and I have no doubt that he would be one of the first to cry out if such a thing as a war should break out between England ifud another countiT as to why South Aus tralia was not protected a little as well as the sister colonies.' ' An Elector' writes : — ' It is very much to be re setted that the Central Board of Main Roads has de cided as they have done with regard to the road from Houghton to Inglewood. Three deputations waited on them during the last two years, headed by the members for the district of Gumcraclia, and all to no purpose. The board have gone dead against the wishes of the people, and adopted a road they do not want. The deputations one and all said in plain lan guage — ' Give us Ashton's survey, or repair the pre sent old road ; that is what we want.' One of tlie members of the board said — * Ashton's survey ! I f the board adopt that, then it will be good-by to Teatree Gully.' This shows conclusively that he thought it was the best road. In spite of all our memorials air.l all our deputations, however, the members of the central board, with the exception of Mr. Hack, have said that we are all a pack of fools and do not under stand anything. Will the people of the district of Gumeracha submit to this ? No. We should one and all protest against the board spending money where it is not wanted.' ' Airrnnt H. Staplktox.''— We are making enquiries. '\V. H. Laskky.' — Why not make aprotest to the proper authorities ? 'Enquirer,' Adelaide.— Johnson's Western Works are in Sheffield. 'Q.'— The Imperial Dictionary defines 'city' thus : — ' In a general sense a large and important town. In a narrower sense, and as regards Great Britain, a city is said to be a town corporate that is or has been the seat of a bishop and of a cathedral church. In America a city is a town incorporated, and governed by a mayor and aldermen.' 'E.G.' — TheomcialstatistiespublishcdatBerlingive the nun ber of Germans residing abroad as follows : — United States, 1,9UU,742 ; Russia, 394,299 ; Austro Hungarv, 9S.510 ; Switzerland, 95,502 ; France, S1.SSS ; Holland, 42.02G ; Great Britain, 40,371 ; Bel ifium, 34,196 ; Denmark, 33,158 ; Queensland, 11.3CS ; South Australia, S,97i- ; Victoria, S.571 ; New South Wales, 7,521 ; Italy, 5,221 ; the Argentine Republic, 4,997 ; New Zealand, 4.S19 ; Algeria, 4,201 ; Chili, 4,033 ; Uruguay, 2,225 ; Norway, 1,471 ; Sweden, 953 ; Spain, 952 ; Peru, S9S ; Egypt, 4-79 ; Tasmania, 782 : Bosnia. C9S; Finland, 02S ; Greece, 314 ; and Guate mala, 221. ' Another ScnooLBOv. — The date palm (Phosmx daetylifera) grows to upwards of 100 feet in height. The largest specimen that has come under our notice in South Australia stands about 40 feet high. The tree can be grown in all the warmer parts of the colony; it will withstand any amount of atmospheric dryness, and if the surface soil remains moist from the tune the seeds (stones) come up till the roots de scend to a great depyi, it will continue to grow provided water, salt or fresh, is with in reach of the roots, even at a great depth The date is a suitable tree to raise on lime stone soils. A tree ten years old would probably be as many feet in height, but its height and other proportions would depend upon the nature of the soil, situation, &c.; Suckers of a fruitful kind begin to bear about the fifth year. Seedling trees would not produce anything like a crop till the fifteenth year. There are male aud female date trees ; the female bears fruit when the flowers are fertilised by pollen or seed grains of the male. They bear imperfectly formed fruits in and about Adelaide. ' Ariel.' — 1. Do not allow your watermelon and pumpkin to grow into each other. 2. If you pinch out the points of the runners of your watermelon the fruits will swell up and ripen quicker than if you allow them to grow unchecked. If you are very fond of the fruit we can understand your desire to make them ' hurry up.' 3. The application of your waste slops to the roots of pumpkins, custard inarrows, andsweet and water melons will give you more and better fruit. 4\. Loosen the soil of your back yard with a pick to the depth of IS inches or 2 feet, leaving the bottom soil at the bottom ; if you turn it on top, as you think of doing, you will have an unfertile root cun for your crop. If you have manure put as much of it in as you can work iu. Wood ash is a good manure. 5. Read notes on 'Gardening for the Week' in the chronicle, and you will get the information ou the last pcint in your enquiries. . ' North Adelaide.' — Yes, you can transplant the orange-colored Bignonia venustajfrowingagainst your verandah next month if a cool spell sets in towards the end of the month. At two feet away from the stem dig a trench eighteen inches wide and deep, and fill it with water twice, giving the first lot time to soak in before you pour in the second lot, about a fortnight before removal filling iu the soil When the water lias settled in this way you will saturate the soil about the roots, and do much to ensure a good ball of earth for removal. At the tune of removal cut back all the branches to within two feet of the main stem, and.saturate the soil about the roots after planting. Choose a warm aspect to replant it in. The laurustinus can be moved with safety if you get a good ball of earth round the roots. Hove during dull weather and saturate the soil after planting. 'College Park.' — Thebranehletof Acacia arrnata is affected with a gall the result of the working of an insect, but as the insect had already emerged from the gail it was inrpossiblc to identify it. Galls of different kinds are exceedingly common on wattles and other indigenous trees and shrubs. The causes which produce them and their effects upon trees have not up to the present tune been much enquired into. 'ArsTRALiAK.'— You inust write in a different strain if you wish a letter inserted. 'Akxiocs.' — We cannot express opinions on such matters. 'Bedfebs.' — Yes, if it is within the boundaries of the corporation or district council. 'Rates.' — Everything depends on the arrangement made between the parties. ' Puzzled.' — You are quite right. There is no limitation of time as to the surrender of an agreement for tlie purpose of obtaining a lease. You can sur render whenever you please. ' It. A. Feaser'.' — 1. You can attend personally, or employ an agent to bid for you. 2. What does your question mean? None of the lands reserved for leasing can be sold, except as town or suburban lands. 3\. You can obtain maps of the hundreds separately. The price is one shilling; per map. 4. The first sale of lands reserved for leasing will take place on April 16 next, when lands in the hundreds of Conmurra and Ross will be offered. These are now open for in spection. 'New Cncii.' — We should not like to advise in such a case. ' Pbaltical.' — Nearly all your letter is a very old story. ?.'D.M.B/'says: — 'Since reading the suggestion of your correspondent, 'A J. Barnes' that the Good .templars ana au mends or temperance suouia unite in ' having a grand demonstration' for the purpose of making a presentation to the Rev. D. O'Donnell, I have thought that should it take a tangible form it would be advisable, could it be so arranged, that the meeting be on a Tuesday evening. There is a special train from North-terrace late ou each Tuesday night going north, so if the meetiu? could be arranged for that evening it would give those of Mr. O'Donnell's admirers who live between Adelaide aud Gawler an opportunity of beiug present.' ' J. J.' writes : — ' It is sometimes found that some of the salmon that comes from the Columbia River is unwholesome, and those who have partaken of it show symptoms of being poisoned by something in the tin which has affected the fish, although the latter is seemingly sound and fresh. In talking over the matter with a gentleman in the grocery business he was explaining the effect produced on certain quali ties of tin by the acidity of the fish. It iinmediately occurred to me that this was a mistake, as it is only a few tins now and again that prove poisonous. I therefore feel convinced that the mischief is done through the salmon (after being- caught) being ex- I posed to the rajs of a full moon, either in the boats or on the shore, before they are preserved, thereby leuderiug- them poisonous, and it is only those on top that would become bad. If the tins were at fault we would hear of whole shipments being bad, but it is not so, and it is only at intervals that a few poisonous tins are met with. I believe all fishermen know the power of the moon on fish, but may through carelessness neglect to have the fish properly covered after they are caught. I once suffered from this cause myself, and so did all who partook of the fisli, which was caught in the Indian Ocean. One passenger who ate heartily of it was very bad. The fish after being cleaned had been left hanging on deck in the moonlisrht. I do not now recollect the particular phase of the moon, but I should say that Ssh should uot be exposed any time between the first and last quarters. Perhaps some of your correspondents may be able to confirm my state ments, and say at what period the moon has such in fluence.' . il ARinra.' — W. G. Grace is a medical man. ' Axi-red Hakt' says : — ' 1 see in your issue of the 14th inst. an extract from the Western Grazier of January 31 stating- that ' the Victor arrived yesterday afternoon from Menindie with cargo that left Went worth more than a year ago.1 Now, as such a state ment is not only misleading but damaging to us as traders, I will give the real facts of the case. The Victors cargo was shipped in Morgan on the 14th of September, 1S84, and arrived in 'Wilcannia on January SO, 1885, tbe same goods having left Wentworth on the 24th September. Therefore tlie goods were only a trifle over four months on the way instead of over twelve as reported.' 'Constant Reader.' — Tlie Jewish method of pick ling cucumbers is as follows: — 'Procure your cucumbers green, young, and without seeds. Wash them, place them in jars or casks, with layers of vine leaves between, and sprinkle over them a handful of small dried chilies, which bruise before using. Have ready a bucket with salt and water (about a pound of salt 'to a bucket of water), which pour over them. Make them air-tight, and they will be ready for use in three to four weeks. A little white pepper may be added.' ' A Subscriber.'— You can 'surrender at any tune in order to obtain a lease. ' Etiiel.' — We think your sons under the circum stances would be obliged to support you. It would i be better for you, however, to consult a lawyer. j 'F. E. G.' — Yes, records of all cases are kept. ; 'J. B. McDonald' writes, expressing the opinion that a land and income tax is preferable to a tax on land and ether property, as there are many persons, situated like himself, with property from which they get but small returns. Had a property tax been adopted it would have been severely felt. Our correspondent hopes that taxpayers will to the best of their knowledge furnish truthful returns to the Com missioner of Taxes. 'Cos-ioroLiTAK' suggests that it would be a saving to the colony to send a body of police-troopers to the Soudan. There are, he asserts, too many of these officers, and at least half of them could be con venientry dispensed with. 'Pno Boxo Pitblico' states that a letter, with money enclosed, was posted at Nairne, and did not reach its destination. Our correspondent should make enquiries at the General Post- Office. ' A Constant Reader.' — State what your solution of the Droblem is. Your letter is valueless otherwise. ' South Avstkalian' writes : — ' In looking over the list of officers appointed by the Government as I collectors of agriculture, live stock, and other j statistics, 1 find the name of R. Caldwell, Oukaparinga. ' As he is a member cf I'arliainent is it not contrary to j the Constitution Act for him to receive the appoint ment? Is he not liable to a penalty for acting in that capacity?' 'A. B. C. S.' — Tbe power of the sovereign to create peers of the realm is unlimited. In theory no advice of Ministers is required, as the Crown is the fountain of honor and has the undoubted prerogative of bestow ing titles at will. But in the case you mention the Government of the day would recommend such a number of fresh creations as were necessary tosecure a majority in the House of Lords, but there is no re striction whatever on the number of patents of peer age the Queen may choose to grant at any one time. ' J.H.L.' — Fishes form the lowest division of verte brated animals. They differ from mammals in niany respeete, chiefly in their respiratory organs and their ; means of propagation. A dolphin is a mammal and not a fish, as it breathes by lungs, is viviparous, and ' suckles its young. You can obtain all details in any , text-book on natural history. 'Electra.' — The action of the play of 'Hamlet' is supposed to take place about the time of the reign I of the Danish longs over England — a period which extended frcin 1016 to 1042. There are, however, a number of anachronisms in the play in the shape of references to circumstances which did not exist until a much later date. Thestory of Hamlet is first told, j so far as we know, in the ' Historia Daniea' of Saxo ' Gramuiatier.s, a writer who lived about a_d. 1150-1220, and wrote liis work about 11S9-120S. The story was afterwards incorporated in ' BeUeforesfs Histoires Tragiques' (1570), whence it was translated into English. ' Ali-hed Myers' writes : — 'Now that it is decided that our volunteers' services are not required for the Soudan war, and I believe it ' was estimated that £130,000 would be provided for the equipment of the various forces to the scene of action, I,' as a citizen, suggest the following to the immediate consideration of Parliament : — 1. That twelve thoroughly practical miners be each employed over a gang of say 50 men of our uneinriloyed, making a total of 1,600 men, to be provided with all necessaries suitable for working on a diggings. 2. That such parties search for gold and other 'minerals in the range that is con tinued from the Barossa gold diggings right through to the Echunga and Jupiter Creek diggings, of course passing through the well proved diggings of Mount Pleasant and Blumberg. 3\. That in the event of during such search for gold a coal mine being struck (which would be very accep table to us) a special reward be provided for the fortunate party or parties that should discover the same. 4. Let our members imagine that £30,000 onry has been spent over the Soudan war in sending our forces there, and apply the same amount to the tanying out of the foregoing suggestions, thus em ploying our hundreds of unemployed over the approaching winter, and giving our gold-bearing hills what they require— a complete turning over.' ' Stoxecctter' writes :—' Allow me to bring under the notice of those who are interested in the welfare of the unemployed the fact tliat but for the extraordinary privilege granted to contractors of a certain class, more especially to those who are erect ing tlie Parliament Buildings, many of the unem ployed would be otherwise engaged than patrolling the streets day after day. I shall only attempt to deal with those of my own class, viz., stonecutters. There are two large buildings in the city supposed to be going on in full swing, and if that were the case they would employ about fifty cutters, whereas they are only employing about a dozen between the two jobs. Now it; does not require much enquiry to find out who is to hlauie for over forty being ranked with tlie unemployed, and if this half-hearted way oE carrying on those works does not take a change before long many of the number mentioned above will be included amongst those who are obliged to emigrate to the other colonies ; and, as I heard it remarked the other day, will take the cream with them which I suppose means all their savings. I noticed in a sub-leader in Friday's Advertiser the statistics of immigration and emigration. I shall only take those from January 1, viz: — 1,715 immigrants, and 2,293 emigrants, or a decrease of 57S. We will say that 300 of that number arrived six years ago penniless. Since that time they have managed to save £200 each. They have taken all this with them, thus showing in one sense of the word a loss to the wealth of the colony of £40,000 within the first seven weeks of this year. Now, if this state of affairs is allowed to exist when will South Australia be able to clear her debt off, and how much more will the people require to be taxed for that purpose ?' 'A SuBSCErBER.'— The answer to your question depends on circumstances. We have no time to enter into intricate calculations on the subject. Why not work it out yourself? ~'Tuomas Bartlkit.' — We are informed by Dr. Schomburgk that the plant known as the native melon is not poisonous. ' Glenelb.' — Uo. 'C. Q.' — Tlie figures you S'ive are all odd numbers, and therefore five of tliein could not make twenty or anv other even number. ?? Smsscriher,' Kadina. — Yes; it is always under stood that the odds of ' Pawn and move' signifies ' K B Pawn and move.' * J. C.' — For the junior examination at the Uni versity, candidates must be under sixteen years of age on.l line 1 in the year in which they present them selves, but the University Council have under con sideration a proposal to alter the age to seventeen. A candidate for the matriculation must be at least six teen years of age. You can obtain all information as to the subjects of examination from the calendar issued by the council. ' G. A. N.' — We understand that it is usual for a civil engineer to have some practical experience in an engineer's workshop to qualify himself for his profes sion. 'Inquisitive.'' — He is uot entitled to a land grant at all. 'Subscriber,' Pirie-street. — To obtain a situation on a ship or steamer you must apply to the captain of the vessel. 'M.B.'— Dr. Eenealy commenced his speech in defence of the claimant on December 2, 1873, and con- . eluded it on January 14, 1S74, having- actually been engaged in addressing the court from 10a.m. to 4 p.m., except during au interval for lunch, on twenty-four days. 'Whited Si:prLCimE' writes: — 'In no city of England have I seen such a number of filthy inscrip tions as are to be found in tlie thoroughfares and by places of Adelaide pencilled upon doors, walls, tele graph posts, gate posts, and palings, and even church dcors. Nothing can possibly be better adapted to direct the current of evil imagination to the youth of both sexes or more fruitful in procreating vice. At the same time I observe almost daily records of prose cutions and heavy fines imposed upon poor, oppressed, ar.d outcast men and women for, it may be, using un parliamentary language. Sanctimonious hypocrites, scribes, and pharisees, we do indeed ' strain at gnats and swallow camels.' ' ' M.' — Thanks for your sketch. We have not, how ever, room for it. 'S. Pearce.' — It depends on the conditions of the squatter's lease. If you want particular information you should write to the Land Office. 'D. McLeish.'— There is no Mining on Private Property Act in this colony. Minerals below the surface belong to the owner of the land. ' Palixg Fexcb.' — Yes, unless you can prove know ledge, which would have rendered the advertising un necessary. ' Anxious.' — Only one should sign. If two signa tures are necessary there s-hould be two documents. 'A Youxo Wife.' — Depends on circumstance!:. You had better consult a lawyer. 'A SruscunsER,' Unley.— Tlie public debt of the colonv of South Australia at the time of the Treasurer's last financial statement was £15,527,200. ' 1'iiilology.' — The best English grammar for ad vanced students is 'Historical Outlines of English Accidence,' by the Rev. R. Morris, LL.D., published ljy Macmillan & Co. As a companion volume for the study of English composition you should use Seeley and Abbott's text book on that subject. For beginners there are no better manuals than the shilling priaiir, also published by Macmillan. ' M. S. C.' — A dolphin is not a porpoise, the latter animal belonging to the genus phoecnaa. We are aware that the' coryphonita are popularly styled dolphins, but the question asked us was ?' What is a dolphin?' 'A. J. Wicks,'' Littlehampton. — The specimen of plum branch forwarded has been submitted to two experts, neither of whom from the specimen sent could state the cause or causes of the destruction of the trees. The branch sent was blackened as though it had been wasted at some distance from an oven, the bark being shrivelled and tough, with scars along it. In two of these scars insects 'in an imperfect un- recognisable state were found, one being in the larva and two others in the pupa state. It appears on a cursory examination as if a species of insect wrought a furrow in the bark as sawflies do, and deposited its eggs therein, which developed into the respective stages just mentioned, and probably to a further advanced stage, as in some of the scars no insects could be found. Further specimens should be for warded, and information as to soil, site, &c;, would materially help to decide the cause. ' Soi'J/iif.' — It was intended to send members of the Volunteer Force. We do not suppose the services of private citizens would have been accepted unless they had hail military training. 'J. G., Ji's.' — Popularly two, but architecturally oiily one. ' Tenant' writes :— ' On Saturday last a person in the neighborhood of the City Mission Hall commenced using the hammer and saw at 11.30 p.m., and he con tinued the performance until iy very late hour ou Sun day ; in fact, I may say until nearly midday. The noise of course kept me and the family awake nearly all night. Now, I would like to ask if there is any Jaw to prevent such a nuisance and a disturbance to neighbors. If there is not 1 should think we ought to have one passed, as tliis person commences the same thing- every Sunday.' 'Sative Melon.' — A correspondent writes: — 'I have just had a conversation with Mr. J. G. O. Tepper, F.L.S., re the poisonous nature of the native melon, respecting which au enquiry has bsen made. Mr. Tepper is of opinion that the plant in question is poisonous, or should be regarded as such till the oon t rary is proved, his opinion being founded on the fact that neither horses, cattle, pigs, nor poultry will eat if, so far, at all events, as his observations have ev t ended. Cases, Mr. Tepper adds, have been reported 'o him of children requiring medical aid owing to tlie effects produced by eating these melons.' ' SnsrRisi:.' — We do not see that the publication of your letter would do any good. Represent the case to the Commissioner of Police. ' F.G.W.' protests against parsons objecting to Sunday trading, because 'they work hardest upon Sundays,' for which they are paid iu the current eoiti cf the realm, 'W. Svjiosns Clark' writes:— 'Referring to your answer to correspondents 1 may say that I had uo intention of stating that the dolphins of naturalists were really porpoises, but that they were commonly known as porpoises. Who tliat has taken a long voyage will not remember the large schools of por poises that occasionally come round the ship in mid ocean? These ' porpoises' were of the genus Dolphinuj, the true porpoises being found only near laud, 1 believe. If I am mistaken in my ideas I shall be glad to be corrected; but it seems to me that if the coryphoena is the dolphin of the ancients, and is now generally known by this name, it is quite correct to c-all it 'a dolphin'. Naturalists may give scientific names to animals, but have they any rig-lit to alter the popular names unless they can show that th3s 2 names are altogether inappropriate ?' 