Wanted to Know. I see that Mr. Gavrick, pur Agent-General, has been over to Copenhagen, persuading the Danish Government to permit the emigration of indented Danish Laborers to Queensland, and I want to know why, if our Government undertakes to pay the cost of introducing emigrants, it prefers to pay for foreigners instead of our own countrymen ? Danes are very good men in their way, no doubt, and make very good settlers, but are they any better than English, Irish, or Scotch that we should prefer them ? Our own countrymen in thousands are willing to come out here, and anxious to do so if they could only get the chance. Are we then acting fairly to them in giving the preference to foreigners of any nation ? It may be said that the experiment of growing sugar with white labor is likely to cost so many lives that, it is better to try it with foreigners, whose living or dying is of little concern to us. Or. that the immigrants, being ignorant of our language and laws, will be more helpless amongst us and less likely to repudiate their agreements when they come to understand the position they have placed themselves in. Is this a consideration which should weigh with an honest or humane people? If the work to be done, or the nature of the agreementsto bemade, is such that English people are unfit for it, or would not consent to them, are we doing' rightly in attempting to take advantage of the ignorance of the Danes to draw them into it ? For they are a people who, as regards their constitution, stand upon the same land as ourselves, whilst the nature of their native climate is such that they are even less fitted to endure a tropical climate than English people. Any work that they can do, Englishmen can do, and their labor is equally valuable. To me it seems that those who raise the cry that Australia is to be a white man's country might carry the same principle a step further and determine that it should be a country occupied and governed by the British race. For the introduction of foreigners must eventually raise the question of who is to govern. One alien nationality has already raised its flag amongst us, and declared that it will not permit Englishmen to govern this colony. At present its leaders are, however, harmless. However loudly they boast they can as yet do nothing more than sell their votes to that faction amongst the English people that will pay the price they ask. And the price they demanded at the last general election was that large numbers of their countrymen should be brought in at the expense of the State, so as to increase their power in the future. Are the English people of Queensland wise in allowing this compact to be carried out? For my part, I would like to see this a British country, and I don't approve of importing labor, either black or white, for the benefit of the sugar planters, or any other class at the public expense. Looked at from a public point of view, nothing would be more absurd and suicidal than our" present immigration policy. We have mineral and goldfields of unlimited extent, and yet we refuse to give passages to miners, whilst we are ready to pay for the introduction of agricultural laborers to work on the plantations at 10^ per week. Yet one miner would supply more revenue to our Treasury than half-a dozen of these indented laborers. It is absurd to pretend to believe that the good of the colony is aimed at in this arrangement. I say if the colony is to pay for free emigration let us bring in our own countrymen, English, Scotch, Irish and Welsh as long as there are any willing to come. If they like to go to work for the sugar plant ers they can do so?; if they refuse, what is that to us? They will probably be much better employed for the interest of the colony on our goldfields, and at all events they will strengthen the true democratic party here, since they will not be mere tools to do the will of leaders, who will be unable to work on them by representing to them that they should consider themselves as separate from and politically opposed to the English people of the colony. My cry is, Australia for the British. Race* But if we are to be taxed to bring in foreigners, why should their immigration be confined to the people of two countries only, and those Tsy no means the most adapted to introduce to the climate of our Northern districts ? Are not Frenchmen and Italians equally suitable immigrants ? Indeed if the object of the immigration is one to benefit the colony it must be acknowledged that they would be much more suitable than Germans or Danes. For they hare some experience in the cultivation of crops, and in the management of industries suitable to our climate, some'of which we have already started, and others which we wish to start. They are skilled in the cultivation of the vine and manufacture of wine, they have been growers of the fruit which our soil is capable of producing, tobacco, maize, and other crops, which are already cultivated to some extent. In their own country they grow silk, the production of which we have, as yet without success, attempted to acclimatize; and they know also something about irrigation, which we wish to see established here. In fact, they have been brought up in a climate some thing resembling that of Queensland, and we could learn something from them, no doubt, in the way of" cultivating the produce peculiarly suited to that climate. If, then, we considered it advisable to import a foreign population, it is evident that the people of Southern Europe, who are also whites, would be more suitable immigrants than Germans or Danes. But I" shall still raise my protest against swamping the British, population by any foreign element. However, I suppose there is no use in say ing more about this. I said I wanted to know why foreigners were preferred to British as immigrants at the public expense, but I can guess the answer. It is because the present Ministry expect to get kicked out at the next general election, unless they can previously get a few thousand more foreigners on the Electoral Rolls. But I am riot quite sure that the scheme will succeed even with the help of the Danish Government. The German organisation here has bossed the Danes so far, because they put them in fear, but if the Danish element was strong enough to defy the Germans it is just possible it might do so. Danes don't love Germans very much. 