GERMAN LA HOU li ERS FOR QUEENS- LAND. (TrausUdtdfrom Iff Mrt<jd<ïhn-<j ZiUvvg of Dccmbir 2.}, J.<ij.) A FEW days ago a member of the .lena Society for Commercial Geography re- ceived a let/tor from fi < ¡orinan physician in Rockhampton, dated October ll, 1881\. lt contained Clio following im- portant communications respecting tim efi'eet upon Hie Kn^lish population in Australia of thc activity recently dis- played hy thc Gorman Empire in colonia! matters front n political point of view, and thu urgent neessity of dii'cct steamship coiiiiniiniontion between f!ir many and Australia :-" Tho present Queensland Government-you know, of course, that, following English Parlia- mentary precedent, the Ministry is often change-has in opposition to the last <3ovovnme.nt as good ns prohi- bited tlie introduction of South Sea labourers. Prior tu Ihh, as a matter of fact, natives of New Guinea were repeatedly sold actually as slaves for three years' labour <m th« sugar planta- tions of Queensland. Soc the periodical called ' Kxport,' No. iii, page. SIT, These nativos wore intended to work in the sugar plantations, because no white man can or will work in thom. Tho mortality, even amongst those accus- tomed to work in the tropics, is about 25 per cent. Against this chango of policy there lias been a great outcry on thc part of the planters. And so now a law- has been passed, in accordance with which tin; German labourers aro to introduced at the expense of the State in every possible way by agents, lecturers, (fcc. These, immigrants are to bind themselves to work for two or threo years on the funns-that is to say the sugar plantations-for Ss. a week all found, under a penalty of three months' impi-isoun« ut for violation of contract. All sorts of allure P>e.uts will be helli out, lint I, from ...vr<>1,Vi!W, know the facts of \- , T° 'J'/ie lodging i., a miserable j .wl!--nUei-ly comfortl.-ss inst like a ingöxy. iii'- TnntTii-i Tx»-^-T-rrt« ,,"-,.-. .-..-» - occasionally frosh meal;, (lour to íuako dampers, tea-leaves which have already lost their virginity in the squatter's tea- pot, and sugar of the vilest sort. For Europeans work in the hot caneliclds is almost deadly. Typhus, malaria, liver complaint, dysentery will decimate tho people who allow themselves to lie en- trapped. In a word, they will li" treated as slaves, anil in accordance with the contempt with the. Australian-, like the Americans, fed for tin; (.lennans they will lie considered as nothing helter than brute beasts. The proprietors of thc plantations are for the most part also Justices of the Prime-not in tho German sense morely, hut with all the authority of a Commissioner of Police, and tho complaints of (heir slaves must he submitted to them. The Ooltniial liistituu-s In {+fiin:niy should step forward decidedly and peti- tion theGorman Government to prohibit free emigration from Germany at tho expense of tho present Queensland Government, and either to expel or silence the agents, tte., who, especially in Prussian Poland, Silesia, Danish Scleswig, &c;, stump Hie country, deliver lectures, and induce people to sign contracts. The present Queensland Government and tho sugar-planters especially in tho northern districts wUl leave uo stone unturned in order to allure our poorer population to slavery and almost certain death. In this part of the world no labourer, no matter how poor, will work on a sugar plantation. lu vain have the planters promised high wages v. petty maintenance ; no man will risk it. It is not that the clearest proof that this kind of work cannot be endured by white men, but only by coloured people 1 Ninety per cent, of the plantations lie north of the Tropic of Capricorn, and in summer the thermometer stands at from lOOdegs. to 110° Fahr, in the shade ; in the sugar plantations from 140 degrees to to 1G0 degrees Fahr. Men must work naked, and so white men are liable to a kind of eruption or eczema, from the exhalations from the canes, which undermine their strength and incapacitate them by itchiness from rest or sleep. Il is only coloured people who are free from such attacks, I have done my duty and send you my warning. 1 have no doubt that from Brisbane also, the capital, voices of warning have probably reached the central Society in Berlin. But in any case where it is potsiblo to warn my countrymen against being allured into slavery, like so many beasts of burden, in such a case I thing you and every Society which has members in Queens- land ought to lift up no uncertain voice in order to prevent such a shameful result. The hatred of the Queenslander against us is bitter, because we have made it plain that wo, mean to protect oui- countrymen in foreign parts and intend to establish colonies. They lavish their gall upon us, as the French do, because they are afraid of us. The south of Xew Guinea has now been placed under English piWclion, but so afraid are they of us that the Ministry here expressly states thal protection does not imply annexation. What a pity it is that we have no duvet com- munication with Germany. iSlomau steamers go only one:- n month as far ns Sydney and their Gel ,n;v.i importations are stored by thorough-going English- men and (lie charges which we hine to pay in conséquence of Mich Tully are enormous-about thv'-u limes as great as we should have to pay if we imported the articles fi om Germany via England." 