MISCELLANY OF NEWS. A Tint first marriage between n Frenchman and a Chinese lady lias lately beeu celebrated ut Tonqultt witli much fcht. It is stated iu Midrid that Seuor Zirilla hw succeeded in raising the sum of about £20,000 from Knglisli capitalists in aid of a fresh revo lutionary movement iu Spain. Accokiiino to the immigration agents, the number of arrivals iu Manitoba this year is al ready seven or eight times greater than the average uuniber recorded in the last two or three years. Tire United States Senate, by thirty votes to ten, have passed the Chinese Indemnity Bill, voting 150,000 dot. indemnity for the mass.n'io of tho Chiuese by the mob at "Wyoming in Sep tember, 1B83. A I'iius telegram states that the Pope's golden rose, formerly awarded annually to some (juccu or Kmpress who had deserved well of the Church, tiut selduiu given o( late vests, is lobe presented at Whitsuntide to the Queen liegcat of Spain. Tub decreaseinthe valueoflandin Shropshire amounts to nearly Xl t.000, according to the returns for 1805, wbirh have beau scut in by tho orcrseers. The depression cocms to have affected ttie Bridgnorth district most severely, n tho falling off iu that union is no less than X19,000. Tiik emigration returns for tho first four months of tho year show a great decrease as compared with 6oreraI recent years in the num ber of Germans who emigrated from homo ports and Antwerp, Immigration is generally greatest in April, yot iu that month the number was only 10,442, as against 20,022 last year._ Tun Commissioner of Trade aud Custom' has received a communication from tho AVej- lingtou Marine department, New Zealand, that a rock awasli at low water springs ha' been discovered by Captain Burgess about to cables length from llcrb Island iu Auckland Harbor. 'X'UoTiamru Harbor Board lias also forwarded a romniunicatiou to tho effect trint the wreck of the ship T.ytlclton now lies with the lmll submerged in 23 feet of water at 1<>1V tido iu Timaru Harbor. Masters of vessels ere cautioned to keep a good look-out in the vici nity for floating (/fin's from the wreck, in order to fix the positiou of tho wreck a who ivhTirnTbe kept burning when practicable ou ha wreck between sunset and sunnw. \ DEsrrTCir from the city of Mexico states that a law for the iinmodiato execution of rail- av train wreckers, when apprehended ra the rt was passed in the House of Deputies by a , „ maiorilv. Tho Opposition members <fkc vigorously against the bill. The galleries Sere crowded, and cheered the spciuters so voci ferously that I hoy had to bo cleared. tut II A. D. Ticiibornf. has just come of The necessity for defending the proporty has'enfailed upon his trustees the lurge expen diture of £120,000. His estates in Ilump. "hire Lincolnshire, Dorsetshire nnd Bucking hamshire represent nearly 12,000 acres ; and it is cslimate.l that the gross rent roll of the young baronet will be £28,000 a year. The Power of Marmalade. — Mr. John II. Keillor, of Dundee, has just demonstrated the power of marmalade by purchasing one of the best grouse moors in Abcrilcenshiro. The moor is in the favored district of Deesido, nnd within easy roach of Balmoral. The Marquis of Huutlv wanted £50,000 for tho property, which amounted to £5 an acre, but doubtless bo has been contcuted with a good deal Vienna rcccnlly a dog fell into an opening at the half demolished Jesuit monastery. While efforts were being made to rescue the dog a largo vault containing ninety coffins was dis covered. Prom tablets on tho collius it was found Hint tho Jesuit brothers nnd tho uoldes supporting tho order during the greater part of Maria Theresa's reign were buried in this vault. Fioiit m-.twtex Horses. — An unusual spec tacle was witnessed by a crowd of pcoplo in Bihion, Staffordshire, when u fiercely contested struggle took place between two horses in a field near that town. Tho animals were dis covered engaged in a fight, anil for some time tho struggle was maintained so fuiionsly as to prevent the interference of any of the on lookers. At tho conclusion of the contest one of the liorsrs was found to be so injured as lo necessitate its being shot. The Pihncess Dowse op Wai.es. — The Berlin correspondent of the Tunis savs "The J lainbiinjcr Nacbrirhtrn learns that Mho betrothal of Princo Oscar of Sweden to the Princess Louise, eldest daughter of tho Prince of Wales, will soon tako place, and the princess bss already begun to take lessons in Swedish. Tho official betrothal has only been delayed, by the refusal of tho Swedish iieichtng to grant tlie requisite nppanago for Princo Oscar." The young Emperor of China has just bscn engaged, says tho London correspon dent oi t lie Manchester Guardian, in the pleasant occupation of selecting three ladies as brides from among thirty-two assembled at his palace. Theso are collected from all over Msuchuria from certain noblo Miiuclui lamilics, and have travelled some of them for hundreds ami even a thousand miles to Pekm to undergo review. The future Empress is first selected, and then two assistants called the Eastern and Western Empresses. This is the ancient cus tom of the empire since the Maneiius became its rulers. The Emperor will lake over the reins of power next year. The. University of Melbourne is (remarks the LW/h-'hi Mail) to bo congratulated on receiv ing as its Professor of Chemistry one of the most cultured and brilliant alumni of the Uni versity of Edinburgh. Dr. Orme Masson, upon whom the appointment 1ms been conferred, lias been long conuectcd with the University of Edinburgh as a student and ns an investigator; he has taken tho degrocs of Master of Arts and Doctor of Science there, nnd lias won in turn tho various prizes and scholarships open to coin- petition in tho department of chemistry. His recently published researches on the sulphiue furnish a strong proof of the success of the ex periment of instituting elective and non competitive fellowships for tho encouragement of research iu universities. Dr. Mussou is. not only distinguished as a chemist; the Students' llepresentalive Council, which has become a success even kvond tho expectations of its founders, owes much of its completeness lo Dr. Masson's organising power, and to his adminis trative ability as ono of its first presidents. The doctor is a son of Professor David Mussou, PliETENDEIES TO TlIIIOXIIS. — Sweden IlUd Denuiaik are both at present besieged by pre tenders to the throuo. One in the Swedish province of East Gothland claims to ho tho tm- lortunate Prince Gustaf, cider brother of tho reigning king, who in the beginning of this century, while nt a field mnnamvre in Skene, suddenly fell from his horse and died. It is to this d«v believed by a largo portion of the pea sants that Prince Gustaf did not die, hut tvas carried off to Norway because of his inteution to marry a girl of humble birth. Having succeeded >n escaping, lie let his beard grow and went to Italy, where, under tho name of Garibaldi, ho effected the liberation of that couutrr. Ho is, low.eri dead, but will como nnd bo the King of (he Swedes 1 So much for tho owedish pretender. The Danish one has just turned up. Tho Danish paper, T'ulitikcu, Mrs i—1 There have arrived in Copenhagen from 1,1 'wo men, father and son, tho former v the latter 21 years old, with a trunk loaded nth papers and documents to provo that they are direct descendants of tho llouso of Olden burg, amt t„ s)i0W that, if at tho death of eder VII., they had possessed those docu ments, tliey could lmvo proved their exclusive right to the throne, They both bear tho original name ot the bouse of Glucklmrg, Beck, ami neut the day after their arrival to the master m ceremonies to seek un audicnco with tho wing i hey were directed to seek it through no German Ambassador, being German sub jects. iho Embassy, after some parley, did not act, and tbo pretenders tried themselves to tain an audience to suggest that their claims ii ,' nro a'tcstod by tho highest German tlionties— may bo subjected to n thorough rutmy. To begin with, thoy can claim an iu- '!,auco f 2,500,000 marks with which to carry «..! -??so'. TheJ 'hen applied to the Stettin aiuorities for a recommendation to tho Qer- ao Council of tho Legation on the 27th ult. hwl im "l0 'wo 1I1UU' S'D'8 the J'olilihrn, , J'1-0 aa advouturer. The older is taller rnniw i 1 an aristocratic bearing nnd J tiilul and winning manners. llis features Ini« '?> "u. "mazing dogrco like those of tho niiA , SS1:,U1 Czar, so much 60 that any »Wv -,!1U3 6cea tho Czar's picturo is 0f ,| . the roEctublanco, Tho older nart Af i? Gentlemen has passed tho greater are),!.. - . ''.m# 'n researches among the nl,,). an,l collections in Copenhagen. Wholo alw.va » . 't's family history, bnt ho fiftein Ta' s PP"t ®t a vanished child. After fictinn " . 'a1>or t10 ttaSi to his full satis- ' Pri'nt that ho is grandson's grandson of this vanished child. Besides, he 1ms in his possession armorial aud other precious to strengthen his claims. Tho young Beck bears a strong resemblance to Princo Waidemar, aud his acquaintance with tho affuira of the Houso of Oldenburg is said to bo most astonishing. Mr. Frederick A. Parmer, soventy- three years old, and ono of the best known physi cians in Boston, while on his way to Portland, jumped from the steamer into tho ocean with his four year-old grandson, of whom ho was very fond. Both wcro lost. ' Mn. Martin Holrowav, the nephew of the late Mr, llolloway, of Oxford-streot, who so handsomely founded and endowed tho Sanato rium and Homo of Virgiuin Water and lighnm respectively (the latter is to bo opened by her Majesty on 30th Juno), is reported to be likely to he honored with a mark of royal favor — rumor savs a baronetcv." J he Afghan Roendart (Commission. — Intelligence from the Afghan Boundary Com mission, dated Dauiatnbad, 17th May, an nounces that tho British nnd Bussian commis sioners arrived there on the 13th. Tho commissioners iiebi a joint sitting on tho 15th when the frontier line was definitely fixed from the Murghnb liivcr lo tho meridian of the Dugtji Wells, situated 40 vcrsts north of Andjoi. This section litis already been innrkcd out with posts. The British commissioners left Dimlatabad ou- the 17tli for Andjoi, whither tliey would be followed the next day by the Ilussiaii commission. A s.u.e of 48,000 acres of land, leasehold in the Kimberlcv district, was held on Monday by Messrs. Grcig nud Murray, nt their rooms, Collins-street, for Mr. George Godfrey, the lessee. The land was put up iu 48 blocks of 1000 acres each, and 13 of theso were sold nt the upset price of Is. Gd. per acio. The rights acquired by purchasers are to occupy the land for 7 years on payment of 1C". per 1000 acres annual rental to the Western Australian Government, with the l ight of purchasing nt the rate of 10s. per acre. The property is situated a few miles to the east of Cambridge Gulf, near Parry's Creek. The Iiuv, Baxter, who recently sued three former bandsmen of the Bluo Ribbon Gospel Army at tiie Chester County Court for the re covery of three tenor horns, evidently makes a good thing out of that "army,'' of which he is the founder nud commander. Like the Salvation Army, it is carried ou upon com mercial principles. It appears that this rovevond tempernnoe apostle has over 100 "stations'' iu England, where detachments work ill the isrtnrest of Blue Ribbonism aud for the bmotit of the llcv. Baxter's pocket. Tho Chester band used to play iu tbo market place, nnd after the first or second tune, collections were maile. wmie two puuiiciuions, me Christian llr.rald and the Signal, were nlso sold on the same occasions. Counsel for the defendants calculated the profits to the rev. gentleman out of the former of these publica tions at £19,500 a year on a circulation of 270,000 a week. Tho bandsmen, moreover, ivero supplied with "blank cartridges" which they bad to return loaded with money to the captain. ' As the reverend commander filled his pockets with the money thus collected, the bandsmen felt that tliey might keep tho instru ments, but the court decided against them. A Hon of Nafolkon I. — According to the Si in Francisco World, a son of Napoleon I. lias lust been buried iu the Lone Mountain ceme tery of that city. Tho World says that his mother was an English housekeeper sent to the pi is, in at St. Helena, where the Emperor had 11 sou by her after the Emperor's death. She returned lo London, where she married a watch maker named Gordon, who adopted the child, and brought him up to the watch mak ing trade. When he reached the age of 25, Gordon-Bonaparte, as he called himself, emigrated to tho United States and settled at New Loudon (Connecticut), where he did very woll, and gradually acquired a certain amount of political influenco, He also beenmo con nected with tho press, nnd wrote several articles for the For trick Bulletin and the Fcio I -'j. 'hill Star. Of late years he had lived iu retirement at San T'raucisco, and it was there that lie died last month. Gordon-Bonaparte bore a striking resemblance to his putative father, and he was also very intelligent iu business matters. He was very reserved nud taciturn, rarely speaking of his illustrious origin except when under the influence of drink, but when in that stale he would not allow anyone to question his claim to he the sou of the great Corsiean. Intense excitement still prevails in Belfast, savs an English journal of 1 1 th June, ninougst all classes, hut the most dangerous symptom of the hour is the exasperation entertained by the l'rotcslanl working men and the Orangemen generally at what they describe as the needless ferocity of a portion o'f the constabulary recently drafted into tho town from other parts of Ulster. It is alleged that these men fired in several instances without orders, and that thoy continued a murderous fusillado long after thcro was any necessity for such measures. Several indignation meetings on tho subject were held yesterday, but it is feared that theso will not afford sufficient vent for tho passions which have been roused. Tho authorities aro uow thoroughly aroused as to the necessity of maintaining order and preventing further excesses. Further reinforcements of troops liavo been asked for, and largo numbers of nililiitnnnl vinli.-e have arrived froiuDublin, Kil- kenny and other places. It lias been definitely ascertained that seven persons were killed in the course of the rioting. A large number were wounded, but it is difficult to obtain a trust worthy ostimate yet of the total, as it is cer tain that many wcro convoyed homo by friends. A new " watchman's timo dctoctor," ot American construction, has been placed in one of the offices in the General l'ost Office. This instrument is very liko a clock iu appearance, but instead of bands moving around to dcuoto tho hour, it carries a jiapcr dial plate, which re volves n certain distauce every hour. Con nected with this instrument arc wires which reach to various putts of the building, aud on pressing n nut nt tho terminal poiut- of either of these wires n needle is projected through the paper dial which pricks a hole iu a space markcti with tho exact timo at which tno pressure on tho nut is applied. Tho new " detector" will respond to prcssuro from nine wires fixed in different localities, and one of English make, which is at present in use, is to be improved by Mr. Quarry, the electrical en gineer to the department, so as to communicate with over thirty parts of tho building. Theso instruments aro used as np automatical check upon the night watchmen, a largo staff of whom are employed In various parts of tho Post Office at all hours of tho night. Each man has a certain quarter of tho premises to guard, and hv rule he is expected to pe at. certain, points nt specified times. At each of these points a button is placed, and on pressing this his presence is recorded on the paper diab If tho puncture thus made indi- cutcs that he was late, ho is called upon for an explanation of his laxity, nnd if there is no puncture he is required to stnto why ho did not perforin his duty. Thcro is no possibility of nuy man tampering with tho instruments and registering their times manually, ns they are securely locked by patent keys. A separate ring on the dial plate is allotted to every watch man, nnd new paper dials aro placed on the American instrument every day. The Euglish machine registers by a pencil mark. The following characteristic letter was written by Mr. John Raskin, ttie eminent art critic, in rcnlv to a circularaskins him to mih. scribe to pay off the debt upon Duke-street Chapel, Richmoud : — " Brentwood, Coniston, Lancashire, 19th May, 1886. Sir, — I am scornfully nmuscd at your appeal to me, of all people in tho world tho precisely least likely to giro you a farthing ! My first word to all men nnd boys who care to henr mo is, ' Don't get into debt. Starve nnd go to heaven— but don't borrow. Try first begging — I don't mind, if it's really needful, stealing I But don't buy things you can't pay fori' And of all manner of debtors, pious people building churches they can't pay for arc the most de testable nonsense to me." Can't you preach nnd pray behind tho hedges— or in a" sandpit— or n coal hole — first ? And of nil maimer of churches thus idiotically built, iron churches aro the damnablest lo me. Ami of all the sects of believers in any ruling spirit — Hindoos, Turks, Feather ldolators, and Mumbo Jumbo Log nnd Fire Worshippers — who want churches, your modern English Evangelical sect is the most nbsurd, aud entirely objection able nud nnendurablo to me 1 All which they might very easily have found out from my books — any other sort of sect would — before bothering me lo write it to them. Ever, never theless, and in all this saying, your faithful servant, John Ruskin." The Premier is in receipt of a despatch from the Agcut-Ueucral, Sir Graham Bt-rrv, dated lltli June, in which lie states : "I thought it desirable to take the opportunity of paying my respects to Lord Roscbery on my assuming oliice, to have an informal conversation on the subject, and I found his lordship, as I expected, very sympathetic with the co'.oniul feel ing, nnd very favorably disposed to give full effect to it. At this moment it seemed as if the question of the New Hebrides had entered upon u new period of abeyance, which might, if the colonics could only pursue u united policy, until (hp ilAVirirmmanf nf thnir i-irilicntinn might indicate the natural destiny of the islands. But on the 3th inst. I received your telegraphic despatch announcing the expe dition from Noumea, and the public press at the same time contained several similar tele grams. I -ascertained at the Admiralty that the stops taken at your instance more than n month ago by Sir Andrew Clarke for the reinforcement of the flag in those waters had not been without effect, and that two war vessels are now cruising off the islands. Lord Granvillo being at present very unwell, 1 was unable to see him, hut had a conversation with Sir Rober: Herbert, who had no more recent information than I possessed, hut who was persuaded that the l'reueh had no posi tive purposo of violating the agreements of 1878 and 1883. Ill thcsi circumstances I thought it desirable to see Hie Foreign Minis ter, and urge him to address the French Ambassador in the sense suggested by your telegraphic despatch. 1 was fortunate euougli to Hud Lord Roseberv, who was about to de part fcr Scotland tho same evening to attend ou her Majesty, nnd 1 telegraphed at onco tho result to you." The Agent-General concludes : — " I trust that with proper vigilance nnd energy on the part of the" Imperial and colonial Governments, the danger of a repetition of the samo proceedings which lost Northern New Guinea may now be avoided, but I cannot too forcibly express my con- victiou that tho kcystono of the position is iu the union and determination of the colo nies. " 