ESSENCE OF EPHEMERIDES. Open the convent prisons. Him Young Tuk, the leader of the Black Flags, the opponents of the French in Tori- quin, has arrived at Canton and is being everywhere treated as a hero. An exchange asks why so many editors are bowlegged. Its the weight of their brains, sir. Carl Von Bieren, recently manager of the Narrabeen powder works, who was seized on the homeward bound steamer in the English channel and brought to Sydney in custody, was brought up at the Water Police Court on the 12th instant on a charge of fraudulent insolvency and was committed to take his trial at the Quarter Sessions, bail heing allowed. At the March monthly meeting of the Charity Organization Society, with Mr. Fosbery in the chair, it waB shewn that 270 persons applied for relief in February against 160 in February 1885. The in creasing drain on the resources of the . Society necessitate a special appeal to the public1 for funds. There seems to be no aoubt that there is more prevailing distress now than there was this time last year. The whole of the tenants on the extensive estates of Sir Richard Musgrave, in the county of Waforford, Ireland, have refused to pay their rents, as the reduction of 30 per cent, demanded by them has not been conceded. They have deposited the amounts due' by them to .their; landlord j less. the 30 per cent., In the- National Banlr to the; credit' of Mri Jasper D. Pyrie; one of 'the Nationalist candidates for the courityj rind, two' of the, priests' belonging to parishes' in which the tenaiits reside.i'Mean-; while they have heldri. meetingatwhjoli they unanimously pledged themselves to pay no rent until the reduction" was made, and to support evicted tenants, out of the rente deposited. Lately some workmen pulling down an old building in the town of Svendborg, on the island of Fiinen, came upon a valuable treasure, which included ten bars of very fine Bilver and 3,774 silver and gold coiLs, all dating from the reign of the Danish King Eric of Pomerania (a.d. 139G to 1412.) The whole lay together buried in the basement close to the foundation. It is singular that a tradition of centuries pointed to tbis house as a placo where treasure had been buried, and the owner when selling it a short time ago expressly reserved the ownership of any treasure that might be found on the premises. One of Sir Patrick Jennings' methods of reducing the expenditure is to divide up two departments and appoint two extra ministers on full salaries. Of course Sir Patrick would gain two consistent votes by these appoint ments, but how can expending some thousands extra for salaries be considered retrenchment? A cable message tells us that Baron Hud- dleston, on the 12th inst., gave judgment in the High Court of Justice in the libel action brought by Mr. John Bryce (formerly native Minister of Now Zealand) against Mr. G. W. Rusdon (late Clerk of Parliaments in Victoria) for statements in his book on Now Zealand. The Court found for the plaintiff on all points, and awarded £5000 damages. In summing up the judge severely commented upon the evidence of Dr. Hadfield, Bishop of Wellington. An application by defendant's counsel that execution be stayed was refused by the court. The "trial extended over eight days. The Times considers Mr. Rusden's statements about Mr. Bryce, reckless. In Auckland and throughout New Zealand generally, the result oE the libel action has caused a general feeling of. relief and satisfaction. The heavy damages and the legal expenses will be a) crushing blow to Mr. .Rusdon, witli whom, despite his reckless libels, a good deal of sympathy will ! bo felt. Last Saturday the Admiral and , other officers of the German squadron were enter tained by a run over the mountains in a special train to Lithgow where they inspected the pottery works. On their return np the zigzag luncheon was held at Mount Victoria. Sir Patrick Jennings proposed the toast of the Queen, and the next toast, . also proposed by Sir Patrick, waB the Emperor of Germany. Admiral Knorr replied, and though he said he did not feel eqnal to a speech in English, managed to express his thanks for the kind- uuob tuo \joiuiatib uuu uiwajra iuuu iii ojruuuy Ho concluded by proposing Sir Patrick Jen- ning's health. Among the Company were the German and other Consuls, British naval officers, Sir James Martin, the Hon. John Hay, the Hon. G. R. Dibbs, the Hon. J. Fletcher, and a number of others. Several ladies also went up with the excursionists. The Rev. George Muller, of the .Bristol Orphanages, is preaching to crowded congre gations in Melbourne. What can Mr. Joseph ' Symes or any infidel of them . all say to the lesson of faith his life record teaches, with its -wondrous, undoubtable answers to prayer. So far they have carefully avoided the sub ject. , We, would be. glad to see Mr. -Mailer, addressing an audience of infidels and giving: them liis '.experiences. Why should lie riot ? Tho following figures, takon from the Dublin Freeman , are instructive as showing how much the "League" is indebted to foreign assistance, and how little real interest the Irish at home take in it : — From America, £3000 ; from Australia, £500 ; from Canada, £52 ; from New Realand, £50 ; from Ireland, £1 12s. 6d.; total, £3603 12s. 6d. This sum represents the contributions to the " Parlia mentary Fund," for which Mr. Parnell made a strong special appeal. The subscription to the general fnnd amounted to £233 2s. 6d. We commented on these figures a few issues ago, but some of our friends soem to have 'missed the paragraph for they since : have sent the statistics to us in one form or another. However, they plainly speak for . themselves, so wo give them hero. Lord Sheffield's team against which the Australian Eleven are to play their first match in England on May 13th, will consist of Messrs. W. G. Grace, W. Newham, W .W. Read, and the following professionals — Shaw, Shrewsbury, Flowers, Briggs, Barlow, Ulyett, Phillips, and possibly Barnes. In 1885 according to the Government statist Victoria produced 9,073,227 bushels of wheat, 4,622,344 bushels of oats, 160,731 tons of potatoes, 434,143 of hay. The average per acre was 90T bushels wheat, 2122. of; oats, 379 tons of potatoes, 1'05 tons of hay. .The total area under wheat is 1,006,534 acres. The Australasian estimated . . the yield at 10,015,000 bushels or 1,000,000 more than Mr. Hayter's statistics. Last year's average was— wheat 949 bushels, oats 214 bushels, potatoes 4-12 tons, and hay. .one:,- fori'.;. Mr. Hayter's statistics may be slightly altered by some small returns that are to come in. At the Aborigines Protection Association annual meeting on the 11th instant, it was mentioned bv the Rev. Mr. ThwaiteB, the successor of ttie Rev. Mr. Gribble, a,s superin tendent of the Warangesda mission, that; there were about 8,000 aborigines in New South Wales, but only about 250 were under; the influence of the' missions. - . The decision of the Supreme Court on the question brought before it in, connection with; . the Manly Municipal. Council places several of thd'Bpiough' Councils . jri. a/peculiar, position. ! T|ie decision up/apt, the, ; election of -Mr. Hayes i a ,'Marijy. /alderman, on . .tliej ground. .that - the; . polling 'places, should. .he'iintheinuriicjpality.ji . wliiq li "waB , ",tlie 5 ground . of tlie rip peal.'.. 1 p \ ' consequence,' '."/Aldermen' /Smithers; Evans, j ' B uley.arid'Griffio" have resigned.. Waverley . arid" other councils have beenjri.th'e habit of , having' .polling ' places in.', the : city,; for . the ; convenience of business men and according to the Supreme Court .decision all Buch elections are illegal. No doubt the Supreme Courts decision was the correct one, but it would be the means of preventing much inconvenience if the law were speedily amended so as to permit suburban ratepayers to: record their voteB in the city. A Validating Bill is, we learn, being prepared. South Australia won the intercolonial cricket match with Victoria at Adelaide by 40 runs. Victoria had a strong team but not her best. South Australia scored 172; G. Giffin getting. 20 ;> Godfrey, 38 (run out) ;! Lyons, 29 ; Kemp, 25 ; Knill, 22 ; Blinman, 14,(run out). The others of the team were Jarvis, Wilkinson, Evan, Phillips and Turner. Vic toria then scored 187 ; Slight obtaining 42 ; Trott, 54 (not out) ; Houston, 28 ; Blackham, 23 ; Bruce, 13. The other playero were M'll wraith, Trumble, Lewis, Ross, Barnard and Phillips. South Australia in the second innings scored '275; Giffin : getting . 82; Godfrey, 80 ; Lyon9, 23 ; Wilkinson, 21 ; Phillips, 18 ; Knill, 15 and Jarvis, 13. Vic toria responded with 219 ; M'll wraith getting 51 ; Bruce, 49 ; Lewis, 32 ; Blackham, 27 (run out) ; Trott, 21 arid Houstonj'17'. Giffan for South Australia got a splendid briwling analysis; in the first innings 9 wickets for 91, and in tho second 8 for 110. ! The population of New South Wales is close on a million. The population of Victoria is about, the. same. Thirty-five years ago, the population of New South Walos which then included both Victoria and Q leerislariii was only 250,000. Queensland alone lias' now a greater population than that. ' ' : : A combined 15 are now playing the Austrn- liari- eleven in Adelaide but - unfortunately Bruce, Slightand Godfrey, are unable to play with the fifteen. ; .... . The .railway employees have, resolved to form themselves iritbrisboiely tp prpteol their .mutual interests.' ' Mr. Lyne, Minister for Works; has 'conceded to all the railway employees of ifll grades the privilege of travelling free on tlie suburban lines. They had been required to pay. half fares. Tho-, Herald says there is.no reason why men employed on , the railways at;f air wages should have this privilege .any 'more than .otiior. people. . It says the railway em ployees have' become ri political forcej'to which ri'Miriister is' tempted to yield ;wh'enl he should resist in the public interest.' The con cession : (the Herald' says) supplies an argu ment for-taking the management of :tho rail- mn iin >\ ( M\n llaAnrla' a f n UimafzkV taH fKn iyv.iy a uub,u.L buo.:uauuo. wi .» ui,iuiouut; Crown,, and . appointing a non- political. com mission to do .the work. Iri reply to a deputation introduced by Messrs. Abigail, Garrard, and Melville, who presented a resolution of a publio i meeting against the continuance of assisted immigra tion, the Hon. Mr. Dibbs (Colonial; Secretary) said that the Cabinet : had: resolved --.to- r.atop assisted immigration for the: present year.,- -,. ,. The .Aye suggests, that; .South Australia should 'unite with Victoria to become one great province. The Age' asserts', that . the paucity of the population . iri'so large' an ex tent of 'territory is one of the greatest causes of the deficit in the revenue of South Aus tralia. The Melbourne Omnibus Company and the drivers have .come to , an agreement ..and- the strike has been averted. Tlie' company '.will make no distinction between Union and non union employees. .. ' The Secretary of War having recently offered .commissions in , the Royal . Engineers to graduates ' of bach of . the Australian-and New Zealand', UpiyerBitijra) one. for each colony. .Lrird.parrington lias, ripininated. Mr. George PoldingJOanipbellj B.A., of Wriristead, Cook's River, ds. the.,' representative of /the, Sydney University. . He has been gazetted in England . ris.a lieu tenant,. rind he .lias received orders to proceed to the School of Military Engineering .as soon as possible. t' He will remain .there for two or. throe jrearai .'.Mri , Campbell . is,, we believe a Roman . Catholic, .though a liberal one. r If this - b'e/"so, it ' is- another, instance of tho romarlcablp way in which the iri'embers of that church uiariago to secure the; good things going,, wliere influence has, aught, to. say to tho appoiatmerit. 'Eight British rind three German sliips-of- war are novy iri Sydney/ Harbour. . , . . Mudgeo is to have a public." holiday on the 31st instance in honour of the visit of the Governor. ; The Easter Military Ericampirient will begin on Friday rriorning,' the. 23rd April, arid end on Wednesday' afternoon, ' the' ' 28 th1 April. 1 The bulk of the Volunteer-Artillery 'arid the; Tor pedo Corps will, be, at Middle -Herid." Tho Volunteer Infantry ' and Field Artillery, Engineer Corps, ' Cavalry; arid other corps will' encamp at the' National Park under Major-General Richardson. ' ; -The t cable tells ' of the ' conclusion of the trial of Richard Belt,. sculptor, arid his brother Walter on, a charge of ; defrauding Sir W. N. Abdy of £5,000 by false preterices.' Walter was acquitted but Richard was convicted and sentenced to a yearVimprisonment with hard labour. 1 The circumstances of this peculiar case were that Belt' went to Sir Wi Abdy arid said he knew a'.Mrs; Morphy who had been one of the 'harem 'of tbe'Sultari of Turkey, ; 'and- that she had a lot of diamohds, of course obtained- from- there, which she wished to sell privately, arid would 'part with at a !price far. below what tliey- were really1 worthi ' Sir vWilliam .foolishly advanced, large ; sumsl of .money at. various times, ; It turned;: out. that the/diamonds\were not worth'much more than quarter the money they were, reported: at, arid were bought by .Belt, from . pawnbrokersidn London. ...:t .-.-'i : ;--i ,: . . Ask your friends, to subscribe do the -Protes tant Standard ., If you- are in arrears of ;sub- Bcription, do your diligence .toiplace-youraelf on a proper footing. Lend the paper to your Roman Catholic neighbours , and ash them to study it. carefully and investigate the contro versy between the Protestant and Roman Catholic Churches for themselves. Great preparations are being made iri New castle to welcome Lord Carrington to the coal city. Tim citizens have determined, to ask that the 13th April — the day appointed for his Excellency's reception — bo proclaimed .a public holiday.. A banquet and bnll are to be given, and Mr. Alexander Brown lias. given the use of his large ;woolshed, and liAs sub- scribed £25 towards the expenses of the re ception ; Messrs. Wood Bros, also give £25, and . donations have been freely promised. Newcastle is quite enthusiastic over tho visit. William Landsborough the veteran ex plorer, died on Tuesday at his residence on hiB selection, near Brisbane. He led the expedition in search of Burke and Wills, rind lie traversed the continent from the Gulf of Carpentaria to Melbourne, In 1865 he .was appointed Commissioner of Crown Lands arid Police Magistrate for the then new. district .of Boafko. The Queensland Parliament/about four years ago voted him £2000. for his ser vices to the colony/ . ' ' ; 1 : , ' | Warden Samwall, of the " Croydon Gold- field, Queensland, reports that the field is likely to be a permanent one. There is ia township surveyed and ocoupied, ;and the population is about 500. No .payable allu vial has been found. In consequence of the drying up of the waterholos, and there being no mill on the field, there is not likely to be any crushing until next yoar. The General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church of Now South Wales has carried by acclamation a resolution moved by the Rev. Dr. Kinross, suggesting, to the Senate of the Sydney University . the establishment of. -a Professorship of literature. Lady Forbes, relict of Sir Francis Forbes, the first Chief Justice of New South'Wales, died at her son's residence, Double Day, on the 14th instant at the- ago of 91. ' 1 / In Sydney the R jman' Catholic Irish on St. Patrick's. Day, Wednesday, danced ia. pavil ions in. the usual.- well known public: picnic .style, and; drank .intoxicating liquors, butthe deyotess, bless thorn, . .would ;uot oat fl ash meat on a fastday, and so ths usual , banquet was postponed until Tnursday. ;At -the change of lifei nothing equals Hrip Bitters'to allay rill troubles incident thereto. Seo.r— Adv. : 