GERMAN, 'DANISH', AND SCANDINAVIAN IMMIGRATION' ON . ' REPAYMENT. '' ' ' ' , , The'followingis a copy of a circular forwarded by Mr. F. Buck, to various members of both Houses of Parliament, suggesting a method whereby useful immigrants may be brought to Tasmania without expense to the colony :- The results of my labour, as emigration agents have, by the unanimous voice of the colonists, been most successful. The Germans, Danes, and Scandinavians introduced by me since 1876 and before together with their offspring, have formed thriving settlements in Glamorgan, Swansea, Huon district, Bismarck, Heidelberg, Leipsic, near Latrobe, and numerous other localities, and proved valuable additions to our population. Others have gone into service and given general satisfaction. There is still an universal and urgent demand for small settlers, agricultural labourers, and female servants of the same class as the Germans as I introduced before. This, together with a wide-spread desire on the part of the Germans, etc., already settled here to have their relatives and friends brought out after them from home, induces me, in the absence of any funds available under the system of free passages hitherto granted, to submit the following proposals foroonnlik-t»tion at your earliest convenience, considering there is not much time left for collecting the emigrants and to land them here, if possible, for the next harvest seasOn, a time of the year When they are most wanted. < < Proposals To promote the introduction of useful country settlers, farm servants, and female domestics, without expense to the colony : 1\. Government to make arrangement for introducing nominated emigrants who are willing to repay the full amount of their passage money from their wages. i 2\. Such persons to be introduced on the following terms The nominator to pay on' nomination, for a male adult £5, for a female adult £3 for a child between the ages of 3 and 12 years half the amount payable for adults and further, to enter into, a special agreement to pay to Government within two years, the cost of the passage money of such immigrants not to exceed the sum of £18 per statute adult. ? 3\. The nominator shall be secured the amount of repayment by a special agreement to be made with the emigrants for the deduction of the amount of their passage, money from their passage wages under sec; 26 to 29 of the Masters and Servants Act of Tasmania, 19 Vic., No. 28. 4\. Government to appoint a special agent to proceed to Europe to select such emigrants (as the attorney of such nominators) and to see that all necessary agreements are completed on the nominator"s behalf. Such agent to be remunerated, and all expenses paid out of the nomination fee received under sec. 2 of this memorandum. I beg to offer my services for the initiation of this scheme as above detailed, and under the conditions of sec. 4 of this memo, viz., '" To select emigrants of the same class from their respective districts as I have brought out before to attend to their implementing, the agreements- mentioned in sec. 3 and also to the despatch of the selected grasses gets to Tasmania." -I have the honour to be I your obedient servant, , , ( j F. BUCK, , Agent under the late immigration system for J , , Tasmania in Germany, etc., No. 1, Davey-street " Hobart, August 23, 1886 - - 