TUESDAY, JUNE 22, 1880. e - Unkss discretion proves to be the better part of valour, Mr Graves is to bring before the Assembly this afternoon a particular paragraph which appeared in The Ar gus of Friday last In so many words, that paragraph says that Mr Graves treated the House unfairly in a quotation regarding the appointment of Mr Justice KtiU'LRD It runs - In speaking on the appointment of Mr Justice Kerferd, Mr Graves read from a speech by that gentleman delivered on November 24 last year when the Sixth Judge Bill was under consideration, and this extract was given - For some time past statements had been made and appeared in various quarters that he (Mr Kerferd) was going on to the Supreme Court bench and some news papers went so far as to say that he in proposing the bill, was simply giving effect to that intention. He begged the House would discard these, statements entirely No such thing as intended The sentence given in italics was delivered by Mr Graves with emphasis and it had visible effect upon the Opposition It is not to be found however, either in the Hansard or The Argus reports. When members the quotations, they are relied upon by the House to use the exact words contained in Hansard Mr Graves is listened to on this understanding Mr Graves, as it is currently reported, now says that the sentence in italics was his own personal comment, and was not intended to be considered as a part of the Kerferd speech This is an ingenious excuse, but one that by no means serves the turn What took place will be within the memory of hon. members who were present in the Assembly on Thursday. Mr. Graves read many extracts in the ordinary fashion. A member is allowed to read extracts, and is not allowed to read a speech, so that there is > practically no difficulty in distinguishing between the extract which is read and the comments which are spoken. Mr. Graves read the paä& again question down to the line in italics, and when he had finished that line he laid the paper down and recognising that the quotation so given was damaging to Mr. Kerferd who had made the statement, and to the members of the Service Ministry who had listened to it, the Opposition cheered Mr. Graves heartily. The usual application was made for Mr. Graves's notes, and two members of our staff copied this extract verbatim as it appears in the news columns of The Argus, and also in our Parliamentary report. The documents were handed in the ordinary course to the Hansard staff, and on our reporter asking Hansard for them on Saturday it was discovered that Mr. Graves had impounded them. But if the paper is produced, we have no doubt whatever that it will bear out the statement of our representatives that the alleged comment was part and parcel of the extract which the House was induced to accept as a reproduction of the Kerferd address. As regards Hansard, Mr. Graves having directly or indirectly indicated his desire that the sentence should be given as his own, it will, we understand, be so given. Hansard accepts the views of the corrections of members, and a reference to it in this case is therefore worthless. Had Mr. Graves not taken action of some sort the Hansard report must have been identical with our own. On the whole Mr. Graves would be wise not to use this afternoon, but if he does, then there are one or two other points to which he should address himself. He told the House that on the 24th of November Mr. Beni« protested against Mr. Kerferd being appointed to the bench, and that then Mr. Kerferd gave the reply in question, assuaging alarm. This, as Mr. Graves must very well have known, is the exact opposite of what did happen. Mr. Kerferd delivered his speech, and then Mr. Bent, seeing that the appointment was to be made, entered his protest. The protest was made in consequence of the speech, and not, as Mr. Graves shiftily lead the House to believe, delivered as a consequence of and to stop the operation of the protest. Here again the confidence of the House was abused. Again, on Thursday Mr. Graves spoke disparagingly about political claims on the Supreme Court bench. How does he reconcile that with his utterance in favour of political claims and of Mr. Kerferd when the subject was under consideration (November 100-ton- sand, vol. 50, page 1,745 1 "Here let me say, in passing, that I thoroughly endorse the contention of the honourable member for East Bourke that the Supreme Court bench would be best recruited from lawyers who have graduated in this Chamber. More intelligent or more able judges than those we once had who, previously to their elevation to the bench, passed through the ordeal of Parliamentary life, could not possibly exist The same thing has been experienced in other colonies. Sir James Martin, in New South Wales, is an example. Without the smallest egotism, I assert that this House is the place to train a lawyer for the Supreme Court bench to give, him the requisite common sense and knowledge of human nature. Therefore, if the Attorney-General desires, after nearly a quarter of a century of public life, to become a Supreme Court judge, no question whatever ought to be ruined against his being exalted to the position, for he is unquestionably duly qualified for it" , incredible as it may seem yet the Mr. Graves who said in November last that Mr. Kerferd was unquestionably qualified for the Supreme Court bench, and that withoutdoubthe ought to be exalted to it, is the same Mr. Graves who on Thursday last treated the elevation as a scandal. Our objection to the Kerferd appointment was strong, and is rendered all the stronger by the reflection ! that it was made by politicians of the stamp of Mr. James Howlin Graves, j member for Delatite. The people of Albert-park and St. Kilda have every right to complain of the astonishing carelessness of the trustees in allowing a portion of the park to be enclosed. The improvements that have already been made, if they are not marred, promise to make it one of the most beautiful and attractive of the metropolitan reserves. The neighbouring householders, as a correspondent pointed out, understood that it was permanently . set apart as public property, and may justifiably object to having its appearance spoilt by the erection of an unsightly fence. But local considerations, on one side or the other, form only a small part of the case. It is impossible to refrain from asking whether either the temporary occupant of the Lands Office, or a more permanent board of control, has any power to cut and chop and carve the public reserves. As they are now being gradually encroached upon the time has come to determine explicitly the question of their ownership, and the purpose which they are intended to serve. If they were given for the common use of the people, in all time, then trustees have no business to alienate a single foot of land. The argument that the aliena- tion will not be for individual profit is beside the point. It is not the benevolent intentions and pleasure-giving performances of a cricket club that are in dispute, but the use to which public property should be put. The club may be a useful and deserving institution, but that is no reason for investing it with special rights over a piece of ground which was originally reserved for the common advantage of all the citizens. The general public are interested in the matter in two ways. The parks have been constructed for their enjoy- ment, and to comply with the necessary requirements of health, and any private disposal of allotments, to individuals or to clubs, is an infringement of the civic rights. Then, again, when the precedent is established, there will be no limit to the demands which may be made for a gift of land. If one local club is permitted to lay the, foundations of its fortune in this way, others may fairly claim the same privilege. There are numerous associations and combinations the main object of which is to play different games. If only one of these is allowed to fence in a piece of ground, the rest that are left out in the cold may well blame the authorities for favouritism or want of discrimination, if the latter are to be equally recognised, the parks will soon present the truly picturesque spectacle of a dis ordered collection of galvanised iron fences. There may have been a time when public opinion was content to sanction a few enclosures for the encouragement of outdoor sports. But that time has long passed. The system of parcelling and portioning out the reserves for private interests has gone far enough, and should be stopped before the hunger for public land grows to a greater height. The endow- ment of local clubs is altogether out of place. They work improvements in their own fashion upon the grounds, without regard to the wishes of any other class, and in order to extract money out of the pockets of the people. Whatever gloss may be put upon it, they simply desire a peculiar right of possession in public property, that they may be enabled to levy charges and make themselves financially prosperous. Were this demand put forward on the part of any business money-making company, the monstrous nature of the proposition would be evident at once. Because, however, it is made in the name of an association and of sport, it is not only tolerated but acquiesced in. The obvious course for a cricket club that wishes to earn gate- money is to buy a piece of land, erect a fence, and charge what price for admission it pleases. Naturally, the public should pay for their amusement. On the other hand, the club should pay for its materials, including the ground. Unfortunately the example of the Legislature is in favour of making arbitrary enclosures. The library front of the Parliament-house has been surrounded by an iron fence of the usual staring and ugly pattern. A path that was long open to pedestrians has been blocked up, and the whole of the grounds, with the famous tennis-court, completely enclosed. It is no doubt a pleasant thing for our legislators to possess a hidden and private town, though one would have thought that the public were at least entitled to see the grounds, which have been laid out at great cost. Apparently, however, t legitimate enjoyment of the citizens does not weigh for a moment against the comfort of members, unless it may be, that they are ashamed of the tennis court. They seem to have come by a species of exclusive reasoning to the comfortable conclusion that Parliament house is a club, and its surroundings their own private property. At any rate they are acting on the principle of seizing their share of the public land, and the striking fact that it happens to belong to the public is severely left out of account. There is certainly no pretence of equity in this arrangement. It is not done by any pretence of right, but only in the arrogance and pride of a little brief authority." The history of enclosures is becoming unique. For a long' time the late Henry Fawcett thundered against them in the House of Commons, and prevented the fencing of many places. They have hitherto been denounced as the special work of an unjust and high- handed aristocracy, intent only on its own selfish aggrandisement. But no sooner is the democrat raised to the seat of power, than he perpetrates the same high-handed acts, and begins to play at will with the national land. The objections to enclosures are evidently not supposed to apply to the fence that encircles the Parliament grounds, and the right of the people to enjoy their property is circumscribed by the unwarranted and arbitrary decision of a Minister in office. In London the inhabitants are doing their best to save the old reserves, like that of the Charter-house, and to open new ones. In Melbourne there is a danger that the magnificent heritage of the city may be frittered away for the sake of politicians and cricketers. The process cannot be stopped too soon. It may not be a malversation of trust or an illegal stretch of the Minister's ill defined authority, but it is certainly opposed to the original intention with which the reserves were made. The question of our parks should be settled once for all on its merits, before they are adorned with any more sheets of iron, and cut into pieces at the expense of the general community. Its importance does not lie in the space that the St. Kilda or any other club may usurp, but in the right of a Minister or of trustees to part with an inch of ground for private purposes. The citizens of Glasgow once resisted a strong attempt to trench on their Green. The citizens of Melbourne may successfully oppose this growing system of carving club allotments out of the public domain. in a well-known story a judge on setting out for the colonies is advised to give his decisions and to withhold his reasons. But the contrary rule should obtain with colonial departments. They cannot be too frank in their communications with the public as to their motives and intentions. Thus a good deal of ill-feeling would have been prevented if the Defence department, when restricting the issue of ammunition to the rifle clubs, had taken those bodies into its confidence and had stated that its object was to economise the stock of ammunition now in the colony, in view of the circumstance that supplies are checked in England. The public is reasonable, and would have seen at once that the receipts and the output at our military stores must be made to correspond. The department would have found a ready support in all quarters, and would have been commended for its forethought instead of having to receive protests and remonstrances, and to endure up buildings from every village in the colony. The principle that Parliament and the press have desired to lay down is that a liberal, though not an extravagant, assistance shall be given to the rifle clubs in the matter of cheap ammunition. Even if it should prove that the cartridges are not all used at the butts, that would not matter. A complete ! answer to the charge that kangaroo have been shot with the Government ammuni- tion is, that the men could have no better practice. It was not firing at butts at measured distances that made the Boers snell marksmen that they could drive artillerymen from their guns, but the stalking of the large game of the enormous South African plains. Shooting at butts is but a sorry substitute for real practice of this kind. Riflemon accustomed to sight game and to judge distances will never be guilty of the errors of those regiments that have blazed away at point blank when the foe was 800 yards distant. The recent discussion has, however, not only shown that the department had solid reason for its economy at the present juncture, but has indicated to the Government that there is a readiness to support it in any reasonable action that may be taken for the establishment of a powder manufactory here. It is apparent that both freetraders and protectionists would agree to Government action in this' matter, and thus fortified Ministers will probably give their serious attention to the matter. If we wait for the co-operation of the other colonies we shall wait for a long time, for, following the example of our own country towns, the sister states object to centralising industries in Victoria. There seems reason to believe that a grant and a large order in advance would start the industry, and, as a part of our defence scheme, the Parliament, we are sure, would vote a business bonus. One is almost constrained to believe that there are persons who regard citizens of Melbourne, who have to walk to and fro in the streets of Melbourne, as trespassers and interlopers. Certainly the citizens in their daily walks are subjected in the thoroughfares, which they have to maintain at their own expense, to very many perils, discomforts, and annoyances, and the authorities who ought to look after these matters show an infinite capacity for ignoring their duties. A few weeks ago, we drew attention to the jeopardises which, owing to the increased traffic in the city, pedestrians have to incur, and to the neglect of the bye-law which ordains that vehicles must not be driven at a quicker pace than a walk over crossings. If that rule was necessary-and of course it was when it was passed several years ago, it is still more necessary now. Another great source, both of danger and discomfort to citizens, to which we have frequently called attention, arises from the operations of contractors for the erection of buildings. These contractors coolly en- close large areas in the streets, and use such land as if it was their private property, and play all kinds of pranks with the footpath. Their operatives send chips of stone flying into the faces of passengers, and besprinkled their clothes with lime. At one of the busiest corners of Melbourne, a contractor has not only had a large strip of the street on closed or covered by his lumber for what seems an unconscionably long time, but he has actually erected an office on the footpath. Surely the Mayor, who lately encouraged the police to make the coffee-stall keepers move on, because, as was alleged, they interfered with the traffic, has not seen this building. Yet it can be seen from his Worship's rooms in the Town-hall. But we wish to call particular attention to the state of the St. Kilda road, about which our readers may have been" during the last quarter of a century, many notices in these columns and in reports of Governors' speeches, and may have heard, and perhaps made, numerous remarks which they would not like to repeat in the home circle. In consequence of of the operations of the contractors for the erection of the new Prince's-bridge, a large portion of the footpath which, by-the-bye, was never anything to boast of-on the eastern side of the road, in the depression near the river, has been removed, and this renders it necessary for pedestrians on their way, say to Government-house, to cross this thoroughfare, which is generally a sea of mud, twice. It has not occurred, apparently, to any of the authorities concerned that things could be easily improved by continuing the paved footpath on the western side of the road as far as the South Melbourne road. The want of consideration for the pedestrian public shown in this instance is simply discreditable to all concerned, from the Mayor to the city surveyor's humblest subordinate. His Excellency the Governor has arranged to receive this afternoon the addresses which have been adopted by the Legislative Council and the Legislative Assembly in reply to his speech in formally opening the business of the Session. The President and members of the Legislative Council will present their address at 3 o'clock, and the Speaker and members of the Legislative Assembly will attend shortly afterwards. Business in the Legislative Assembly to-day will embrace diverse subjects, and among the questions are some of general importance. Mr. Tuthill intends to ask the Minister of Agriculture to appoint a lecturer to give instruction on wine- growing in vineyard districts. Mr. A. T. Clark will endeavour to ascertain if the Government intend taking notice of an attack made in December on Mr. Justice Kerferd in reference to the bribery scandals of 1869. Mr: Vale will ask for papers connected with the examination by Mr. Stuart Cumberland, in the Sandhurst Gaol, of two Chinese suspected of having murdered Constable Ryan at White-hills, and Dr. Quick will request that the differential rates for the carriage of flour and wheat on the railways bereaved so as to place country and Melbourne millers on an equal footing. After the questions have been replied to, Mr. Gillies will move the sessional orders. The only change proposed is that private business shall have precedence on Wednesdays until half-past 8, instead of being called on at half-past 7, as last session. Mr. Officer will have an early opportunity of moving that Mr. Cooper be appointed Chairman of Committees. General motions will follow. The first is in the name of Mr. Reid, to have the appointment and control of the officers of Parliament vested in a joint committee instead of in the Public Service Board. The second is by Mr. Harper for the vesting of all unalienated low-lying land on the Yarra in a board for the purposes of educational endow- ment or any other object as may from time to time be directed. His Honour the Chief Justice attended at the Law Courts yesterday afternoon. A large number of members of the bar and of solicitors met him in the judges' conference, room, and congratulated him on his safe return to the colony. The dinner to him given by the bar will take place next week. Sir Charles Trevelyan, whose death is announced in our cable messages this morning, was born in 1807, and held various important appointments under the East India Company and the British Government. He was Governor of Madras from January, 1859, to May, 1860, when he was recalled for publishing a protest against the new system of taxation proposed by the Government In October, 1862, he was appointed financial member of the Indian Council, resigning this position in April, 1865, on account of ill-health. Sir Charles is perhaps chiefly known for his advocacy of the principle of competitive examinations for the civil service. In 1848 he was made a Knight Commander of the Bath, and in 1874 a baronet In 1884 he married a' sister of the late Lord Macaulay, by whom he had one son, the Right Hon. George Otto Trevelyan, who has held various Ministerial positions, and recently with Mr. Chamberlain retired from the Ministry, on account of his disapproval of Mr. Gladstone's determination to grant Home Rule to Ireland, The annual distribution of rewards by the Royal Humane Society of Australasia took place in the Town-hall last night. His Excellency the Governor handed over the rewards to the recipients, and about 8,000 persons were present Councillor Wilks, president of the society, was in the chair, And, in the course of his opening re- mulles, expressed a strong opinion that the shipping laws ought to be amended so as to require passenger ships to carry a sufficient quantity of life-saving appliances. He pointed out that at present the bouts that a passenger vessel has to carry are regulated by her tonnage, and not by the number of her passengers. His Excellency the Governor referred to several cases in which medals or certificates of merit had been awarded by the society to young boys and girls. He also remarked upon the importance of all owners of passenger-carry- ing vessels recognising the serious responsibility resting upon them, and the necessity of providing sufficient life-saving apparatus for all on board their ships. On the motion of Mr. Deakin, seconded by Colonel Sargood, a resolution was passed recognising the importance and practical usefulness of the society, and declaring that it was entitled to generous and hearty support The distribu- tion of the rewards was watched with the greatest interest by the audience. Amongst the recipients were two aborigines. The Cabinet has had under consideration the question of gristing in bond, and at sea terday's meeting of the Executive Council some alterations were made in the regulations relating to it, with a view to more effectually ensuring that all the proceeds of wheat imported by millers without payment of duty shall be exported. The regulations as altered will read as follow : ' Importers of wheat will be allowed to take delivery thereof without payment of duty on importation, subject to the following regulations and conditions L Any importer of wheat desirous of availing himself of these regulations must make an application in writing to the Commissioner of Trade and Customs, submitting the names of two persons willing to become sureties to the band, of which form is hereto annexed, in the sum of £2,000 each. 2. Wheat imported under these regulations must be specially entered and so described on the entry, as with goods entered for the warehouse, and the same number of copies of such entry, and will be treated in all respects as goods warehoused. 8\. A Dr. account will be kept of all wheat entered by such importer, and all Hours bran, and pollard, the proceeds of such wheat only exported by such importer, will be credited to such account, provided that a special export entry be passed for such Hour, is., to be weighed in thepresenceof an oflicerofCuBtoms at the expense of the applicant and no such wheat, flour, bran, or pollard shall be mixed with any other like article and the Commissioner of Trade and Customs may exercise any supervision he may think fit over the gristing, packing, and delivery for export of such Hour, bran, and pollard, at the expense in all things of the importer, exporter, or proprietor of such wheat or produce thereof. 4\. On the 31st March, 30th June, 30th September, and 31st December, or on such other days as may be approved of by the Commissioner of Customs, a balance will be struck of all such wheat imported, or of flour, is, exported by any approved importer and if such flour, bran, and pollard, in the proportion of 75 per cent of flour, and 23 per cent of bran and pollard, for every 100lbs. of such imported wheat respectively, be exported, no import duty will be charged in respect of the wheat so dealt with. 5. Provided that, in accordance with section 6 of the act No. 040, all wheat imported by any such importer in excess of the proportion of flour, bran, and pollard as aforesaid exported shall be charge- able with the usual import duty." A committee of the City Council consisting of the mayor, and Councillors Carter, Smith, Cain, Shaw, Fenwick, and Bowen, who had been requested to report upon Mr. W. M. Fehon's scheme for the extension of the city westward,vÍBÍted and inspected yesterday the sites which have been obtained by the Railway Commissioners for railway purposes, The party first proceeded to the banks of the Yarra, where with the aid of plans the city surveyor explained the proposals for the pro- jection of Flinders-street to the gasworks, and for the continuation of Collins-street westward. They also examined the land let to various tenants in the locality by the Harbour Trust and the Railway department, and obtained a general idea of the works contemplated by the Railway Commissioners for the development of the goods traffic. The committee then proceeded to Adderley and Dudley streets, with the view of making themselves con- versant with the details of Mr. Fehon's Scheme, and also to ascertain the suitability of the land in the vicinity of the latter street for a site for a passenger station. The inspection was concluded by a bird's-eye view of the swamp, taken from the top of the new bridge at the North Melbourne station, The land proposed to be utilised for the erection of engine-sheds and coaling platforms to the south of the Footscray-road, the' sites for the wood-yards,' and the block of land to the east of the Williamstown Railway, sought to be obtained for the City Council by Councillor Carter for recreation purposes, were pointed out. The general opinion among the councillors appeared to be that the demands of the traffic did not necessitate the large area of land sought to be acquired by the department, but, on the other hand, they would not commit themselves by stating their adhesion to Mr. Fehon's proposals. The Railway Commissioners yesterday received ten tenders for the construction of the railway from Horsham to Natimuk, that of Messrs. Downey and Barfield for £10,201 6s. 6d. being the lowest. The line is a little over 19 miles in length, and is to be completed by the 1st March, 1887. The works throughout are of an easy character, the steepest grade being only 1 in' 50, and the sharpest curve of a radius of 20 chains. The earthworks are very light, the quantity of side cutting required to make up embank- ments being 114,924 cubic yards. The largest cutting will only require the removal of 1,324 cubic yards of material, and the most extensive side cutting necessary to complete any one bank will contain 20,G65 cubic yards of earth. Ten bridges will have to be constructed, the largest of which will be one over the Wimmera River about 11 miles from Horsham. The other bridge work is of minor importance, and will not necessitate much labour. The complaints made in the letters which have appeared in 'The Argus as to the manner in which the Albert-park trustees have allowed the St Kilda Football Club to enclose a large area of the park by a high fence and to close a footpath have received the attention of the authorities at the Lands department, who point out that the path in question has been ordered to be kept open, and that no charge for admission to the ground can be made until a regulation to that effect has been passed by the Governor in Council. The commandant of the military forces will make half-yearly inspections as follow Tuesday, 6th of July, of the Headquarters and C Company, 4th Battalion V. Rifles, Castlemaine, at 8 p.m.; Wednesday, 7th July, Victorian Cavalry, Sandhurst, at 3 p.m., Sandhurst Detachment 4th Battalion V. Rifles, at 8 p.m.; Friday, 9th July, Harbour Trust Garrison Battery, at 8 p.m.; Saturday, 10th July, North Melbourne Garrison Battery, at 3 p.m. Tuesday, 13th July, B Battery P.A. Brigade, at Sp.m.; Friday, 10th July, A Battery F.A. Brigade, at 8 p.m.; Saturday, 17th July, Torpedo Corps, at Williamstown, at 8 p.m. The Postal and Telegraph department has made application to the Lands department for permission to occupy an allotment having 66ft frontage to Bowen-street, for the purpose of storing on it various kinds of material, and has further asked that a site to the north of the old County Court should be granted for ft post and telegraph office in Swanston-street Both applications are under consideration. At the quarterly communication of the District Grand Lodge of Victoria, English constitution, last evening, a resolution was carried unanimously, inviting H.R.H. the Prince of Wales, Grand Master of England, to visit Australia. The junior assistants in the state schools recently asked the Minister of Public Instruc- tion to make such an alteration in the regulations as to secure them against loss as regards result money when transferred from one school to another. The question has been considered, and the assistants are to be informed that when a teacher is moved to a new school he will be credited with the percentage of the school which he has left sup- posing it to have been a higher one than that to which he is removed-in other words, that he is not to sustain any loss by the change. Dr. Singleton, Major Barker, and others recently interviewed the Commissioner of Public Works in reference to a proposal to utilise a portion of the old Supreme Court buildings as a night refuge for women. Mr. Nimmo has taken the opinion of the Cabinet on the subject, with the result that it has been decided to inform the applicants that he must decline to allow the buildings to be used for the purpose contemplated. The powerful steamers Simla and Cutter than were to have left the bay yesterday for Kimberley, Western Australia, via Sydney, but at a late hour yesterday afternoon, the Simla had still passengers and luggage going on board, and was not likely to be ready to leave until about 10 o'clock this evening. The Catterthun was also still discharging cargo from the forehatch, and a great quantity of waggons and other baggage were in trucks alongside waiting to go on board. ''his Gunn in behind despatched by Messrs. Huddart, Parker, and Co., and will take 60 men and 30 horses from Melbourne, while 70 passengers, 38 horses, and seven donkeys had been previously booked from Adelaide. The steamer, which carries a large cargo of general stores, will also call for horses and passengers at Sydney)-. The agents for the Catterthun are Messrs., Gibbs, Bright, and Co. The vessel takes from Melbourne about 100 passengers and 70 horses, and from Adelaide she brought 34 men and in 15 horses, while it is expected that at Sydney the whole of the remaining accommodation for men and horses will be taken up. The steamers will call at Port Darwin, Cambridge Gulf, and King Sound. Our Harrietville correspondent telegraphs that Mr. Chauncey, the shire engineer, and Mr. Marie are surveying a road for vehicles to the top of the Buffalo Range, and that some Melbourne capitalists, including Mr. J. A. Wallace, M.L.C., and Councillor Curtain, propose to build a grand hotel on the plateau. This road, when completed, will render accessible to the tourist some of the grandest scenery in the colony. The railway is now open as far as Myrtleford, and will shortly be extended to Bright. A road from Harrietville to Omeo, over the Australian Alps, has been open for vehicles for the last three years. An attempt was made some time ago to establish a hospice on the summit of Mount Buffalo, but it was not persevered with, and those visiting the mountain have found it necessary to camp out Should the new projects be carried out, excursionists will have easy means of access to the spot from which, according to many reports, one of the most magnificent of the Alpine views is to be obtained, and the new place is likely to become as great an attraction as the now well-known hospice on Mount St Bernard. At a meeting of the Prahran City Council, which was held last night, the following, motion was moved by the Mayor, seconded | by Councillor Turner, and carried unanimously : " That this council heartily co- operates with the Mayor of Adelaide in assuring a hearty welcome to the Prince of Wales should he visit these shores." The Prahran City Council received with cordial approval at its meeting last night the formal report of its delegates to the Metropolitan Board of Works Conference that the projected establishment of such a board is now receiving earnest attention, and likely to be carried out At the same meeting, the Mayor reported the action which he had taken at the conference on the gas question, and expressed regret that he was unable at that large and intelligent assemblage to find a seconder to his proposition for an inquiry as to the advisability of the purchase of the gasworks by the municipalities. He could not even induce the conference to enter upon the threshold of an inquiry. He said that he intended to lay his own views more fully before the council at their next meeting. Several of the councillors expressed very strong opinions in favour of the purchase advocated by the mayor, and there was a consensus of opinion that ultimately that course would be adopted. The report was received and adopted. The very great depression existing in the boot trade was considered by a special general meeting of the Operative Bootmakers' Union which was held at the old Trades-hall last night. It was stated that at one factory wages had been indirectly lowered, and that a similar course had been proposed at two others, whereupon the men employed at all three factories had gone out on strike, and were now desirous of receiving assistance from their fellow members. Mr. W. Trenwith advised the union to submit to a levy of 15 per cent on all full-time wages in order to prevent the men on strike being " starved into subjection." He urged that if the union was able to help the unemployed' men until the trade improved, wages would be permanently improved. Mr. Trenwith's advice was taken, and strike pay is to date from last Saturday. An effort will be made to-day by the officers of the Boilermakers' Society to effect an amicable settlement of the dispute existing between Messrs. Robison Brothers and Co., ironfounders, and some of their employés. The boilermakers were obliged to cease work in consequence of their assistants going out on strike, and at a meeting of the union held at the Trades-hall last night, it was resolved that the officers should interview the firm to-day, and discuss the situation. The Ironworkers' Assistants' Society also met at the hall in the evening, but no stops were ordered to be taken to bring about a termination of the strike. His Honour Mr. Justice Cope will on Friday, the 25th inst, hear applications in the divorce jurisdiction to make decrees nisi absolute and also to dispose of motions for judgment outstanding. His' Honour will sit in the Second Níbí Prius Court at 11 o'clock. Judgment was given yesterday by the Full Court on an application by Messrs. J. Benn and R. G rice to have some land, of which they were trustees, registered under the Transfer of Land Statute in their names as owners. The registrar of titles refused to register, on the ground that they were not owners in fee, as they had not the power to sell it, and were merely trustees to hold it for others. They applied to the Court to compel the registrar to support his objections. The Court was of opinion that the objections of the registrar could not be sustained, and directed that the applicants should be registered as owners. Costs were given to the applicants, which will be paid out of the assurance fund. Mr. Justice Webb gave judgment in the Divorce Court yesterday on a petition presented by one Michael O'Connor, formerly a baker, asking for a dissolution of his marriage. O'Connor was married to his wife in 1858, he being then 23 years of age and his wife 15. After they had lived together about 18' months he left her, as he said, on account of her violent temper, and since then had been wandering about in different parts of Australia and America. He came to Melbourne in 1860, and found his wife living with another man, to whom she was married. He consulted asolidtorabout taking proceedings for a divorce, and also took the advice of some Roman Catholic clergymen, he was told by some priests of his church that the church would not recognise any divorce, and that they would not perform the ceremony of marriage for him again. Owing to these statements he did not institute proceedings for divorce, bat, after some further wandering about the earth, he went to Sydney in 1883, and consulted with a priest there, who also repeated the statement that the church would not recognise a divorce. In 1885 he amassed a sum of £5,000 by some mining speculations, and then brought a suit for divorce. His Honour declined to grant him any relief. He held that the petitioner had been guilty of undue delay in commencing the proceedings that he had deserted his wife or separated himself from her without reasonable excuse and that he had been guilty of wilful neglect, which had conduced to her misconduct A practice has hitherto prevailed in the County Courts in relation to the issue of what are generally known as fraud summonses not to require that a defendant should be served with a copy of the judgment against him. The Supreme Court yesterday decided in an action of Parsons v. Hutchinson that this practice is erroneous, and that, before a fraud summons is granted, the defendant must receive a formal notification of there being a judgment against him. The trial of the woman Mary Anne Jones, on a charge of setting fire to a house in which she lived in Flinders-street, was continued before Mr. Justice Kerferd in the Supreme Court yesterday. After the evidence for the Crown had closed Sir Bryan O'Loghlen addressed the jury for the defence, contending that there was no evidence that the prisoner had committed the offence. The jury retired at a quarter past 7 o'clock to deliberate, but were unable to agree on a verdict, and were discharged at a quarter past o'clock this morning. ,.,. The Metropolitan Licensing Court was principally occupied yesterday in dea!!0g with cases in which the police proceded against publicans for Sunday trading. In several instances the police had been informed that persons found in hotels were lodgers at them, but no action appeared to have been afterwards taken to verify the statements before summonses were issued, so that several of the defendants were put to the expense of summoning their lodgers in a body as witnesses, in order to disprove the charges brought against them. In one case a publican, who had sent his son with some spirits to a woman who was in a dying state, was summoned for ' Sunday trading, but this, together-,, with the majority of the cases heard, was dismissed. Charges of Sunday' trading were proved against Annie Smith. of the Grape Vine Hotel. Carlton; Bessie Hutchinson, of the Kilkenny Hotel, King street; Jeremiah Dally, of Hely's Hotel, Lonsdale-street ; IL Panter, of the Village Belle Hotel, St Kilda ; Lilian Clancy, of the Queen's Arms Hotel, St Kilda and Jason Frazer, of the Trades Hotel, South Melbourne; and a fine of £5 was inflicted in each case. A case of an unusual character was heard by Mr. Panton, P.M., and several honorary justices, at the City Court yesterday. The defendants were Joseph Emden and Benjamin Isaacs, two bill distributors, and they were charged, under the Newspapers and Printers Statute, with having distributed handbills to which the printer's name was not imprinted. Constable Paterson, on whose information the defendants were summoned, stated that Mr. J. Moore, the trea- surer of the Theatre Royal, had complained to him of the defendants distributing at the Theatre Royal entrances unauthorised pro grammes of "The Sorcerer" and "Patience," on the backs of which were tradesmen's advertisements. The witness had obtained copies of the bills, and saw that there were no imprints on them. He asked the men who were distributing them for information as to the printers of the bills, but they would not give it Mr. F. Stephen conducted the prosecution, and Mr. Daly the defence. The latter raised a technical objection to the sum 'mons. The Bench upheld the objection, and dismissed the case.' The Times of India contains the following correction of a report which gained very wide circulation some time ago with regard to the alleged massacre of an entire Italian scientific expedition on the Somali coast of Africa We are glad to learn from a good source at Aden that all the members of the Italian Commission and Scientific Expedi- tion under Count Porro are still alive. This news is important, for on the 25th alt we published, it will be remembered, two Reuter's telegrams containing an account of the wholesale massacre of the party, consisting of four Italian officers and four Italians of a lower grade, by the Emir of Harrar. It is strange that Reuter's agent should not also have telegraphed the fact of their safety. A ship of that kind invariably leads to a great deal of imaginative display, and one of the Indian papers actually gave a detailed account of the massacre. The little party, we are told, gave up their arms. in the hopes of safety :-' Shortly afterwards a volley was fired into the Italians, and four fell dead, while the others were mortally wounded, including the interpreter, an Abyssinian. Count Torre was found by a woman at the foot of a hill, lying down with the reins in his hands. The Somali used the butt of the spear to see if the Count were alive, when the Count replied with two shots from his revolver and wounded the Somali in the arm. The man at once drove his spear through the Count' If they were all killed or mortally wounded, it is difficult to see who could have played the part of historian. But in spite of this interesting narrative the whole party are alive though close prisoners in Harrar, a little state in the Somali country, some hundred miles from the coast, chiefly noted for the fact that two-thirds of the population are females. Their rescue from this unpleasant position should not be difficult It is believed that the presence among them of one Effendi made the Emir suspicious, and led to their incarceration. Effendi was the officer placed by us in command of the troops raised for the Emir, he was flogged because his men refused to fight against the Gallas, and bolted to Zeila, on the Somali coast, where he joined the Italian party which started on the 27th March. The Emir thought he was coming to take his revenge. Hence the mistake." The members of the Union of the Fleur de Lys, which is an association of past members of Trinity College within the University of Melbourne, held their third annual meeting last night (Trinity Monday). On this occasion the members dined at the college as the guests of the warden, Dr. Leeper. The following gentlemen were elected to hold office in the society for the ensuing year : - President, Mr. T. A'B. Weigall, LLB.; vice-presidents, the Rev. R. Stephen, B.A., and Mr. H. W. Bryant, LL.B. ; hon. secretary, Mr. D. Mackinnon, LLB.; members of committee-The Rev. W. C. Pritchard, B.A., and Messrs. F. W. Edmondson, LLB,, and Gordon Robinson, B.A. The vacancy in the Malvern Shire Council, caused by the death of the late Councillor Longmuir, has been ruled by the election of Mr. Alex. M'Kinley of Tooronga-road, Malvern, who has been returned unopposed. Late last night an assault and robbery of a serious character was reported to the police. A slaughterman named George Chapman, living in Flemington, states that while in Purves lane, off Little Lonsdale-street, he was suddenly struck on the back of the head, rendered insensible, and robbed of seven 20 notes, three sovereigns, and some silver. A man named John Stewart, with whom he had been drinking, has been arrested, and it is believed that a second man was concerned in the offence. Chapman had his head dressed at the hospital, and he has identified the man in custody as his assailant The French Government and the frontier authorities have (says the Bayonne correspondent of the Standard) seized arms and ammunition of Carlist agents in Bayonne and other places in the south of France, which were to have been introduced into the north of Spain. The French and Spanish authorities are on the alert on both sides the Pyrenean frontier. It seems that the Pre- tender and his friends have been only affect- ing submission to Pope Leo XIII. and the Spanish bishops, who deprecated any attempt against the tranquillity of Spain under the Regency of Queen Christina. Don Carlos has recently accepted the resignation of his agent in Spain, Senor Viloslada, director of the Ultramontane paper lia Fe in Madrid, who also deprecated any disturbance until the revolutionary party afforded some pretext for Carlist risings, if the Regency of Queen Christina came to grief. Don Carlos encourages his followers to believe that he will allow them to attempt something if the birth of a male child finally disposes of the unpopular and distant scheme of the union of the two branches of the Bourbons by the marriage of Don Jaime, the son of Don Carlos, to Dona Mercedes, the heiress of the late King Alfonso, which is supposed to find favour at the Vatican and with some Spanish Catholics and bishops. The scheme would be opposed by all the Liberals, Democrats, and Republicans on account of the reactionary significance of such a union. Some recently published articles on " Society in St Petersburg" have attracted great attention in Paris according to a correspondent of the Daily News:-" According to Count Paul Vassall (the author), the Czar is not a popular Sovereign that is to say, he is powerless to excite the enthusiasm of the masses. He is, above all, frank, honest, and straightforward, but lacking deplorably in regal qualities, being shy, diffident and afraid of being brought under the influence of interested people. He wastes his energies in bureaucratic details, has bound himself round with red tape, and so unable to form a rapid judgment on anything. He is behind the age, and is ignorant of his country's needs. A sort of Chinese wall separates him from all who could inform him of the wishes of. li ia people, and of the reforms which the Government is in need of;, With all his defeats he is gifted with a sound judgment, is a sincere patriot, Und has the dignity of true nessy. He wi|\,fesplutely,, should occasion offer, defend the national honour, and will never bend before his enemies, in the Afghan question he showed a strength of will, we are told, which " surprised everyone, especially because it was unsuspected. He would have gone to war had the necessity been apparent, and he will go to war without hesitation if it be required in Russia's interest However, he will only do so at the right moment, when Europe cannot deprive him of the fruit of his victories. German influence, which he loathes, weighs on the Emperor, but must be submitted to, as long as his grand-uncle lives. The Empress Maria Feodorovna' does not exercise over her husband or over public affairs the influence for which she has credit, nor does she desire to obtain it She is studiously kept aloof front public affairs by the Emperor and has " never wished. to become acquainted with them, but has restricted herself to her duties of mother and head of society'. Finery and dancing are her ruling passions, and she indulges in them oftener, perhaps, than pleases the Emperor. What most distinguishes the Empress is a peculiar, irresistible, and all pervading charm that captivates everybody. Although a Danish Princess, the Czarina has not warmly stood by her country'. She tenderly loves her family, and especially her elder sister, the Princess of Wales, but her affection is that of a near relative and not of a sovereign. Anxiety for the weal of the realm has never influenced her. Her great desire is for a match to take place between her eldest son and one of her nieces, but the question is whether the Emperor will countenance any project of raising an English Princess to the throne of his ancestors. The Empress gives select little parties at the Palace of Anitchkoff, the invitations to each of which are few, and in making out the list no regard is paid to rank or blood. The Diplomatic Corps is rigorously excluded from them, to its great discontent" Some practical and very interesting experiments with pigeons as war messengers were commenced at Dover (says the Pall Mall Budget) in connexion with the Easter manoeuvres, the experiments being conducted within the cognisance of the Duke of Cambridge by Captain Allot, of the Royal Military College, Sandhurst, who has been engaged for some time past in training pigeons for the purpose. The operations at Portsmouth and Dover were based upon the "general idea that invading forces have landed on our southern coasts, and, being in possession of the country in the vicinity of Portsmouth and Dover, proceed toinvestthoseplaces. The telegraph has fallen into the enemy's hands, and the English garrisons are, therefore, unable to communicate by ordinary means with any other part of England. A number of messenger pigeons belonging to Dover have been trained to meet such a contingency, and are employed to maintain communications with the beleaguered garrisons. The birds were sent from Dover to Portsmouth, to London, and to Canterbury, on the receipt of the news of the landing of the invaders at Whit stable Bay. By this means it is hoped that, in spite of the presence of the surrounding enemy, the besieged will not suffer from a complete severance of all their communications. The whole of the distant communications during the Battle of Lydden were made by these interesting little travellers. On Saturday morning two pigeons were liberated at Canterbury by the secretary of the Pigeon Flying Club. The first bird reached Dover at 8 a.m., and conveyed the following message to the deputy- assistant adjutant-general:-"The invaders have reached and occupied Canterbury in force, and taken prisoners all telegraph officers. It is believed the army intends to march on to Lydden at once with main body. Will send further information when I have obtained definite particulars from spies. Bird liberated at 7 a.m. The message was forwarded to the assistant adjutant- general before the force left Dover. Only an hour later another message was received stating that the invaders were advancing on Lydden with a strong force of not fewer than 7,000 men, with eight 25-pounder guns, and that the enemy's ships were believed to be still at Whitstable Bay. Thus the Dover troops were warned of the approach of the enemy, notwithstanding that telegraphic communication had been cut off, and were able to prepare for the attack of the invaders. The last of the Melbourne Popular Concerts for the present year will be given to-morrow afternoon in Glen's music rooms, Collins street east, commencing at a quarter past 3 o'clock. The programme includes the Mendelssohn string quartet in E minor. Op. 44, No. 2, to be played by Messrs. Weston, Curtis, Zerbini, and Reimers, and the pianoforte quintet by Kiel, Op. 75, in which the same players will be associated with Madame Tasca at the pianoforte. The lady last named has chosen for her solo performance Barcarolle, by Chopin ; air from suite in E minor, J. S. Bach and Gavotte, by Gotthard. Herr Rudolph Himmer will be the solo vocalist We have received from Messrs Alston and Brown a cheque for £40 4s. for distribution among the charitable and other institutions of Melbourne, as follows Melbourne Hospital, £3 3s.; Alfred Hospital, £3 3s ; Benevolent Asylum, £2 2s ; Deaf and Dumb Institution, 2s Blind Asylum and School, £2 2s. ; Women's Hospital, £2 2s. ; Melbourne Orphan Asylum, £2 2s ; Hospital for Sick Children, £2 2s ; Victorian Infant Asylum, £2 2s ; Victorian Sunday- school Union, £2 2s. ; Convent of Mercy, Nicholson street, £2 2s ; Homeopathic Hospital, £2 2s.; St. Vincent de Paul Orphanage, £1 Is.; Immigrants Aid Society, to Is, The Refuge, £1 1s. ; city poor-box, £1 Is Australian Health Society, £1 Is. ; Royal Humane Society of Australasia, £1 Is ; Melbourne Ladies' Benevolent Society, £1 la. ; St. Kilda Ladies' Benevolent Society, £1 Is ; Hebrew Ladies' Benevolent Society, £1 Is , Jewish Philanthropic Society, £1 Is.; Victorian Eye and Ear Hospital, fills.; Zoolo gicul and Acclimatisation Society, £1 Is.; Melbourne Home, £1 Is , Society for the Protection of Animals, £1 Is ; Melbourne and Suburban City Mission, £1 Is , Collingwood Free Dispensary, £1 la; Dr. Singleton's Temporary Home, £1 Is ; British and Foreign Bible Society, £1 Is Total, £40 4s. The Council of Trinity College acknowledges, with thanks, the following donations to the Domus Fund, collected by Mrs. J. B. Sharp, and forwarded per Miss C. Macartney: -Mrs Verity, £1 , Mrs. J. Nicholson, £1; Mrs. W. Nicholson, £1 ; Mr. R Chamberlain, £1; Mr. McBride, £1 Is.; Mrs. Potter, 10s ; Mrs Munce, 10s.; Rev. J B. Sharp, £5, Mrs Sharp, £5, total, £16 Is. The Rev. S. C. Kent acknowledges the receipt of the following donations for the widow and family of John Itoodon, who was recently killed at the Albert- park station : MW., 5s.; H.M.T., 5s, both of Hawthorn. The Rev. H. C. Hancock begs to acknowledge, with thanks, the receipt of the following sums, in aid of the distressed clergyman whose case he stated in 'The Argus last Friday P. T. Staughton, Melton, £2 ; A Friend, Toorak, £2 ; P.Q Ella.; J. E. Dobson £1 On behalf of the same we have received £1 from li.Y.Z. A Government sale of Crown lands situated at Uok hill, Drouin West, and Mirboo will be held at Messrs. Fraser and Co's auction rooms to day, at 2 o'clock. Our readers will remember that for some months Mr. Henry George's work, Pi erection of Freda ade, was running in the Saturday issues of The Argus. The work has now been published in book form by Messrs. Kegan Paul, Trench, and Co, of London, who have sent us a copy through the agency of Mr. Samuel Mullen | Vaccination is announced to take place this day at Kirk's Bazaar. In the report in The Argus of yesterday of a peculiar case of mistaken identity, it was stated that Mr. Lugg, dentist, was one of the witnesses v, he believed the prisoner Campbell to be identical with the man Robertson, who was subsequently arrested. Mr. Lugg explains that an examination of Campbell's teeth eventually convinced him that he was not the guilty man Robertson, who had had had a tooth extracted by him recently. A lecture will be delivered this evening at 8 o'clock in the Temperance-hall, Russell street, by Dr J. F Jo) te, on the subject of " Moderate Drinking " During the evening a short programme of songs, recitations, and musical selections will be given The monthly meeting of the Victorian Tonic Sol-fa Association was held at the Thistle rooms on Saturday night. There was a good attendance Mr. S. McBurney presided A lengthy discussion took place regarding an alteration of the constitution recommended by the committee, by which sol fa choirs might become affiliated to the association, and a resolution appi o\ ing of the proposal was adopted. A number of new members were proposed. The usual monthly meeting of the committee of the Melbourne Orphan Asylum was held on Friday afternoon at the Assembly) hall, Collins street Mr. V G Moule in the chair. The report of the secretary was as follows - Admitted during last month. 0 , removed 3, represent under the cure of the committee, 400 children (in the cottage homes at Brighton, 118, boarded out, 282, and 40 apprentices sewing under indentures from the asylum. Expenditure for the month, £617 16s 2d ; receipts (exclusive of Government grant), £413 4s. lit'. 