LAST MOOMINPIT. The Homebush sales will appear in oeu third edition. A rather unusual case came before the Central Police Court this inorning, when a fashionably-dressed middle-aged woman, named Elizabeth Budrison, of the Brighton, Coffee Palace, Melbourne, and possessed of considerable means, was charged, on a warrant, with harbouring a felon. in reply to the charge she refused to say anything until she got-bacl to Melbourne, to whick place she was remanded, bail being refused. The felon she is accused of harbouring is a man named Harrison, accused of steahng the sum of £.000. The police are confident of soon securing him, The dock of the Water Police Courtpre sented a very crowded appearance this morning, as is ucual on thlrday following St. Patrick's festival. Some interest was caused at the Water Police Court this morning by the appear ance of a Danish prisoner, who said that he could not understand English. An in terpreter was found in court and the case proceeded. This morning a great number of dray men were to be seen cong?egated in front of David Jones' old building now being pulled down. It appears that yesterday. Mr. Jennings, the well-known contractor, offered sonime draymen is. id. anr hour for carting rubbish to Pyrmont and several non-sociery men accepted thie price,butafter a few dray loadsstruck for a higher price. A great number of drays are wanted, and this morning Mr. Jennings offered Is. 9d. a-head, but as the fixed rate by the Tip carters' Society is 2s. a-head, none of the society men would start, although several of the non-society men who were carting yesterday accepted the increase. There were about 50 men in front of the old building in Barrack- street early this morning, and they declare Mr Jennings will have to, provide carts himLself before' they are going to break through their fixed prices. An inquest was held at the Soudans Hotel this morning by the City Coroner (M5r. II. Shiell), touching the death of a compositor named William John M'Carty, whose body was found floating in the water on the shore of Goat Island yester day morning. After time evidence of several witnesses had been taken, whick is reported elsewhere, the Coroner ad journed the inquest till Monday morning next at nine o'clock. The meeting of the Municipal Council of Sydney, which was unanimously adjourned last week, in consequence of a scone which took place between two of the aldermen, will be resumed at half-past 2 o'clock this afternoon, when the notice of motion held over will be dealt with. The principal resolution is a motion by J. D. Young, to the effect that the resolution' of the Council of March 9th, ordering that the claim of Messrs. MoLeod and Noble, amounting to £A4954 7a. Gd., and that of Mr. William Coleman, amounting to .l1930 1is. 7d., for extras in connection with their contracts for works at the Town Hall be paid by the Council, be rescinded. The motion will excite considerable dis cussion, as the proposer has several supporters, In.the district Court this morning,. in the case Zions v. Daley, a nousuit was given by Judge Dowling; and in the case Cooke and another v. Wilkinson and another a verdict of £75 was given for the plaintiff. In the Summons Division of the Central Police Court this morning, Mr. Fisher pre siding, there were a number of summonses under the Public Instructions Act, light fines and costs being imposed upon all the offenders, also one or two breaches of the Meotropolitan Transit Commissioners bye laws, were disposed of. A case of some interest, as involving the legality of Chinese gambling, was heard this morning in the summons division of the Central Police Court. Three Celestials, Charley Torso, Ah Gung, and Ah Law were summoned, at the instance, of Senior-sergeant Edward Keating, for keeping a gambling-house. Mr. T. M. Williamson appeared for the defence, and Mr. Wise for the Crown. The case is a test one, and was not concluded at the time our first edition went to press. The trams coming from Botany yester day evoing after the St. Patrick's Demon stration were so crowded that the people were standing up two deep in betwueen the seats. Sir Arthur Palmor (our Brisbane corres pondent wires) attended the Supreme Court at Brisbano this morning, and or plained he did not attend the Court when first sunmoned on account of not receir ing the subppns in time. He was greatly excited, and passionately protested against the Chief Justice's remarks of Tuesday. Sir Charles Lilley considered the explana tion satisfactory.. The Minister for Mines will receive an important deputation to-morrow, in refe rence to the rabbit question, introduced by Mr. J. P. Abbott and accompanied by Mr. Buckland. Two cabinet meetings are to be held to morrow-one in the forenoon and one in the afternoon. . The Newcastle Marine Board held an inquiry yesterday afternoon into the cause. of the wreck of the ketch Ann, at Port Stephens. The master was exonerated from all blame.. At the Newtown Police Court this morning several cases against persons for drinking and selling liquor during pro hibited hours were heard. The defendant in each case was not fined heavily, it be ing the first offence. The usual number of drunks were also dealt with, the weaker sdr being well represented. From Captain's Flat gold-field, in the Queanbeyan district, we learn that there' has been a considerable rush of miners there, many of whom were formerly engaged at Sunny Corner or in California. The fires of the first smelting furnace hate been lighted, and the deed of association for the erection of a second smelter, has been signed between. Charles Kahlo and Co., of Sydney, "and MIontgomery and party. Thero was no sitting of the Presbyterian Assembly this morning. This evening its members are to partake of the hospitality of Mr. Quong Tart, who has invited tihe? to tea at six o'clock, and at half-past seven the Assembly will resume its busi ness at St. Stephen's Church, Phillip street. The manager of Ferndale Colliery, Now castle has received information that the pit has been flooded one man is. injured, and another miner and two horses are missing, supposed to have been caught in. lie flooding of the mine. About 250 persons called for bread ahnd cheese at thie Immigration Depot this. morning. The stream of unemployed, however, is decreasing in volume, and the. men are rapidly being drafted to work. Mr. Forsyth, M.P., this morning: brought under the notice of the Pre-. mier the desirability of allowing he old art gallery to be used as a aleep ng place for the unfortunates who. are in the habit of sleeping in the Domainu and suggested that if the requests was, granted, a policemen or one of the, mei should be told off to prevent susok ing or accident throngh fire. Sir Patrick Jennings at once acquiesced in bothl sug gestions, and has made a minute to.havrs them carried out. Mr. Forsyth,M.P.,waited upon the Pre-i mier and Colonial Secritary, this morningo, to ask that he would reeoive . a deputation from the chamber of mar.un facturers, in reference to the trrig Mr. Forsyth pointed out that .E97id,00O worth of imports were not at all proected; £404,076 worth were incidentaSly'y pro tected; and .£407,000 worth wer:e directly protected, The Colonial Treasurer acceded to the request. A rGeting of thie Chamber of Mfanufacture's is to beheld this eveniig, at 8, in refer.e once tothem?atter. To-morrow.at 12 o'o:ok, h?lss been fired upon as the timo to receiVe the deputation from the Cham~ber of Manufaotures. 