" COMMERCIAL. .The H.M.S. John Klder brings English commeveiui iulviws io .Tune I. In 'TiO- Lon don raonev intirhcf, wliiie 1 nmsnotiiiu in thxcc mom Us' liills al under 14 l"'r ecnt. were less frequent, short money was so abundant that discount houses and bill- broltcrs had reduced the rntes allowed for 'deposits by J to Vj per cent, for rnonoy at call and 14 per cent. at' notice. "This," says The Times, "will probably lead to a further decline in the discount rntes before long, as the market be lieves that at least, six weeks of easy money may be looked for. The market, will, no donbt, bo free front all control during that period, but unless much larger amounts of gold reach the bald; than seems probable at present, there will be a sharp reaction at. the end of it. Ott 'Change, rates remained nil- altered, bills being still in demand, but there was very little business." Tito Man daril also was of opinion that "ihc prices at which the Treasury Hills were sold point only too clearly to the faith of the market that 'cheap money' is now to rule for months." Should these predict ions be verified, it may turn out a well-choscn move to have placed the -'sow South V ales loan 011 themarket before the intended time since, as we mentioned yesterday, October and >> ovem- ber are invariably the most, active months, when, if .ever, money is wont, to be dear. The cable announce; lite successful float ing j\>£ .the Tasmauian T per cent loan at. a pre- htium, the average price obtained being Ttl'.l ISs., JE!)!I having been fixed as the minimum. The amount was covered twice over. £2,000,1)00 being subscribed. The New .South Wales Loan, tenders l'or which open on ! ri- day .next, is quoted a I. a premium of 14. Locally, the breads! nil's market presents no new feature. Outside of tbe ordinary trade demand, Hour is tpiiel. at late rales. Wheat dull and wiihonl. notice. Messrs. Kaye und Carter write, from t'hristehureh, K.Z., 011 July 0, as follows : — Owing mainly 10 ihu <|uicter toue pervading the New South Wales market atul coiisoipieui less' demand for export, operations in i wheat have been cartaitcl, but values remain un changed, holders continuing very iirin ill their askings. The pre.-enL outlook is for s 1 truly business at current rates, viz., K ltd. for Tuscan, 4s. Id. peart, -ts. Hunter's white, whole olnek- wheat, its. ttd.: broken, Us. ltd. Flour, ill sympathy with wheat, is a Iritle loss hrisk, but millors, being full ot orders, will nut quote less than TIO 10s. for sloau, and Til 10s. lo .111" for roller brands. (Tats are welt held, ainMiigh fateshave ruled for local requirements , milling of superior quality having changed hands at 2s. tld,: bright short to it is vnr'h fatly '-'s. fid., and Danish ltd. with little ollvring. Oats in this market are without business, holders still preferring to store. Maize weak, some 2U0 bags nl auction bringing 3s. 2d. to Us. 4d. in small lots. J'.rau mid pollard dull. A dragging t ratio still con tinues in general imports, all business being characterised by extreme caution. The news of general rains and improved pros pects, which have been wired to England of late, should help to assure the success of the proposed loan. Teas still quiet. Tho fuller prices realised in Mel bourne go to prove thai, nothing was gained by rush to .sell as soon as dlie first steamer arrived here. The s.s. Macbeth, belter known as the .Somerset, is now overdue, though it, is believed the 'most of her cargo of teas is for New Zealand, with comparatively lillic for this port. In sugars wo hear of a lino of ID tuns of Queensland whites placed privately. A small line of dai'k Eijian browns done at illtj. At, auc tion yesterday another small parcel of dark browns was quitted at £17 l.Ts. A fair in quiry for fencing wiles, Nos. 8 and Ilk A 50-ton Hue of German No. 8 placed at. cur rent rates. Tig iron quiet. A line of liar iron placed, in galvanised iron business has been done in red cross nt usual rates. Dried fruits in moderate demand. Our English advices report as follows There lias been very little demand for export during the mould, and the tendency of all the markets is rather in buyers' favor. Currants : There have bceu some llucluatilms in prices, and provincials ure at present firmly held at the high figures ruling, say '-'8s. ltd. to 2t>::. till. ; this is probably in ntiiicipuliou of further de mands for export, especially to the United States anil France. .Sultanas have advanced about Is. during the mouth, and are firmly held for 113s. to 89s. Elemes : We reported a fall last month, since which the price has remained steady at about tilts, to 118s. according to quality. Muscatels have declined considerably during the'month. Dates have continued steadily ad vancing, the total rise is equal lo 8s. per cwt. from the lowest point. At auction yesterday ItiO cases of French pickles, iu trade lots, brought: -is. to 5s. fid. Four tons mottled soap £ 1 1 10s. At the sale of the stock sit trade of Jatncs M'Gregor and Co. full market values were obtained, tho lines, however, being too small to admit of any quotations. 93 cases No. 1 ricc-stareli brought 30s., and 35 cases of Hoffman's, in lib. packets, £35 us.; 3G cases It. Millar and Co.'s Worcestershire sauce, 3s. 3d. In the teas in same catalogue, 97 boxes Tekoc brought 9s., and 155 boxes l'auyongs 9s. Gd„ 54 ditto 12s. Gd. Some 350 4-chcsts sold at 24s. Gd. to 493. Juto goods show no alteration. Oils quiet. Spirits quiet. English advices state that " there is an in creased consumption in brandy ; exports continue small. The difficulty of procuring gennine brandy has obliged Messrs. Itisquit, Duboucko and Co. and Jules Robin and Co. imd othcrs to again raise their price." The French s.s. Salazie sailed yesterday Sfor Marseilles with a general cargo, including 871 bales wool, 404 bales skins, kc. The directors of tho City Bank will, at their meeting 011 Friday next, recommend the nsual dividend of 124 per cent., amount ing to £15,000, placing £5000 to credit of reserve fund, and carrying forward to next year's balance £8254. Messrs. Harris and Ackman oifer to morrow, on the steamer nt Circular Qiiny, the whole of the surplus immigrant stores, $0;, ex Port Victor. Messrs. Frnscr and Co. offer, this morn ing, a catalogue of sugar, groceries, &c.;, and in the afternoon shipments of dressed Bultic, Oregon, Kauri, Spruce, kc., kc. ' Ship Hawkcsbury arrived from Loudon with a full geueral cargo. Sji. Hauroto arrived yesterday from New Zealand, with a full cargo of produce. Messrs. Gates and Co., of Newcastle, have called a meeting of their creditors to-day to laya statement of their affairs before them. . We are informed that Mr. Henry French has joined the board of the Sydney and Provincial Land mid Building Company, Limited, and that the board of this company has declared an interim dividend for the halLyear ending June 30 at the rate of 15 per cent, per annum. i ., The fifth annual report of the Commercial Building and investment Company was unanimously adopted at tho meeting held yesterday at tho Chamber of Commerce, Mr. J. R. Street presiding. Tho profit and loss account for the year ended June 30, 1 880, shows a credit balance of £5837 18s. lid., from which has to be deducted the interim dividend for the lialf-voar ended December 81, 1880, amounting to £2500, leaving a balance of £3337 18s. lid., from which the directors recommend the payment of a dividend of 2s. fid. per share for the half-vear ended- Juno 30, 188U, being at tho iat'e of 10\. per cent, per annum, amounting to and addition to reserve fund (which wiB'isovv stand at £7000) £500, leaving a balance of undivided profit, to be carried ior- wani;tif £337 18s. lid. The appointment ui" Mr. Si; A. Joseph wa« confirmed, und Mr. H.K. A. Allen i'0-eleeti.'d director. Messrs. ,. p, Bainvntid J. Ik Milne were re-elected auditors. Tho first (Mineral meet lug" of the share holders. of the Tort Stephens Oyster Company wan held yesterday at 'the' Ox ford Hotel, Mr. .1. G. O'Connor in the chair. There was a large attendance, ahd.the articles of association and rules were unanimously adopted. The following .officers were elected : — Directors, Messrs! Hunt, R. Hurdtiuut, It. Btidd, Goo. Wvudon . aad.Q. W. Single: auditors, Messrs. ' J. C. Walker and — Coulter ; leaimgitig secretary, Mr. B- C. llose. Work 1ms been already ONUpenccd at Port Stephens, and it is esti- that over 30 per cent, will be a re- Mii#., turn for the first year, with an increasing proportion in following years. At the filth half-yearly meeting of the Australian Frecmasons'-hall Company, held on Monday, Mr. J. Williams in the chair, tho report, was unanimously ndoptcd, and a dividend of 8 per cent, declared on preferential shares to June 510, 188(5, nnd on preferential shares 1888, 1884 and on the old share3. English advices report the holding of the ninety-first half-yearly meeting of the P. and O. Company on June 8, Mr. T. Suther land, M.l\, presiding. The directors recom mended an interim dividend at the rate of 5 per cent, per annum. Tho Chairman said thai although it had always been their policy rather to spread their capital over a largo fleet than concentrate it in several largo vessels, circumstances in connection with the Australian trade might render it desir able for them to compete for third-Glass traffic in big ships. Turning to the mail services, In; said t hat tenders for India mid China were sunt in at the end of March, and for Australia at the end of April. For tho first time for many years the Australian colonies had joined hands with the Go vernment at home in devising a plan for a comprehensive mail service to Australia, instead of pulling in different. directions. At present , they had received no reply to cither of the tenders referred to, but t.hey had every hope for success. The state of the freight trade at present was same what, gloomy, their revenue from that source having shown a diminution during the last 9ix mouths at the rate of £12U,0(.)U per annum, though the passsungcr trallie, lie was thankful to sav, remained at the same point as last year. The chairman read extracts from tho re ports of the company's agents at Shanghai, Bombay, .Sydney, "Melbourne and other places as lo the difficulty of obtaining freights at any prices, while the freight revenue from London had diminished by £10,00;). Of course t.hey had not been able to reduce their expenditure in a correspond ing degree, though the cheap price of steam coal had a mitigating influence. Hud as things were at. present, they had not by any means taken the unLownrd appearance of 1877-70. J Ic looked for still betterdividends in the near future. The following is the return of Customs revenue collected yesterday : — Duties oil spirits, £2002 lis. Id. ; wine, still, £44 Ss. !)ri. ; wine, sparkling, £07; ale, porter and beer (in wood), £25 1 Is. ; ale, porter and beer (in bottles), £356 2s. fld. ; tobacco and snuff, £120 !)s. ; tobacco (unmanufactured), £7 10s.; cigars, £100 O.s. fid ; tea, £428 !>s. ; coffee, l"s. Oil.; sugar, refined, us. ; sugar, unrefined, £241 14s. 4d. ; .sugar, molasses, £513 0s. 8d. ; opium, £1)0 os, ; rice, £14 12s. ; dried fruits, £101) us. 2d. ; nuts, £l Us. lOd, ; malt, £188 12s. tSd. ; hops, £41 18s. Gd. ; specific duty, £1485 IDs. Dd. : advulorem duties, £1280 IDs. Dd. ; bonded warehouses, 42 Vic., No. ID, £300 ; excise d:l tobacco. £700 14s. ; excise on cigars and cigarettes, £D lis. Dd.; tobacco factory license fees. £08 15s.; (Jliinese restriction, £110 ; fisheries rovaltv, 3s. Total, £7803 10s. Dd. 