SATURDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1886!. A well-known couplet has associated Christmas with good cheer, and from year to year, in good times and bad, the annual festivity maintains its place. In prosperity it is held with all the satisfaction that comfort and success can give ; and when the outlook is gloomy, it comes as a consolation and relief in the midst of trouble. Where ever two or three Englishmen are this day gathered together, and under whatever circumstances, they will celebrato tho occasion by a special feast. Tho day, with its pleasant meetings, its innocent amusements, its abundance of good fare, and its kindly thoughts, has laid an indestructible hold upon the English mind. Our literatura teems with allusions to it, and the passages which it has inspired aro those which, for their air of happiness, tranquillity, and kindnpss, wo could least afford to lose. Old ballads and songs, that como down like the echoes of a quaint and untroubled past, of whick the jarring notes are lost, bear witness to tho combined enjoyment and charity of Christmas Day, and the delightful carols of DICKENS, and the charming sketch of AVASHINGTON IRVING, aro pervaded with a sense that it brings an universal gladness. Throughout all parts of tho world it will be observed to-day in the same fashion, in feasting and kindly wishe*. In England, as in Australia, there will bo many family gatherings, where the members who have gone their own way in life will return to the old roof, and throw aside for a time their separate perplexities and cares and worries. Jn Burmah, to take the other extreme, the European soldiers will have their table furnished in the midst of the jungle, and will talk of home and its associations. Victorians may fairly add to the braveries of their annual festival, and enter upon it with the light hearts which are bom of prosperous and progressive times. Whatever ' dangers may be supposed to loom ahead, tho position and the prospects of the country are such, that they may eat their Christmas dinner with right good will. Labour has been woll employed in spite of a large immigration that has already been absorbed, the seasons have been good, and the wealth of the colony has increased. The drought in the interior, whose long continuanco threatened to restrict business, has passed away, and with abundant rain and grass those whose welfare dopends upon the country districts have rea- son for rejoicing. Though the black clouds of war sfill float on the lioruon, they are, in ono sense, less menacing, for, to. all appearance, England will not be left alone, and there is less chance that she will be siugled out for a direct attack. The panic which arose under the late" Ministry has at least subsided, leaving behind it some expec- tation xof peace and a quiet confi- dence that we can defend ourselves. Victorians, therefore, may sit down to their Christmas dinners with pleasure in the past and with hope for still better things. Few, at any rate, even if they suspect trouble, will be foolish enough to think much of evils which have not yet made their appearance. Throughout the centuries Christmas has retained essentially the same charac- ter. It is true that customs change. .The procession carrying in the boar's head, decked " with garlands gay and " rosemary," belongs to another era The wassail bowl flows less freely, and the " old pastimes in the hall " aro mostly unknown to the rising generation. At the antipodes, where no " Yule log " sparkles keen with frost," the customs which still linger in England aro necessarily much altered. Nevertheless, Christmas Day has its three cardinal features all the world over. It is associated with family gatherings and so ial festivities, in which friends aro united, and their cares are by ono consent forgotten. It brings with it amusement and relaxa- tion, giving to all and sundry a recog- nised license to seek enjoyment. Above all, it is a season of charity, and there will be hardly one of the poor in the colony who will not be relieved by his richer neighbours, and feel, too, that he breathes a better atmosphere than that which surrounds the rest of the sordid year. Christmas, in fact, has a double nature. It embodies in a transient form a great ideal-the desire for happi- ness and the duty of helping others. To all thinking men these aro in reality the same, and the desire and the duty eau only bo fulfilled together. But from this point of view we may urge that the wisest benevolence aud the greatest increase of happiness are to be found in preventing poverty and crime. The colony is generous and liberal in cases of need, and if the liberality wore only turned towards prevention, it would produce a still more benign effect. The most satisfactory kindness, both to the donor and to the recipient; lies not simply in relieving the poor, but in enabling them to help themselves. Christmas is, therefore, essentially a religious festival. A great number, no doubt, will think moro of the amuse- ments of the sunshine* and of the open air than of spiritual things, and will prefer the storytellers to the medita- tions of NEWMAN. Nevertheless, the feelings of the day, even in cases where its observance is .not associated with any reljgious, ceremonies, aie, in essencB and in spirit, Christian. On the Conti- nent, .mulJtjtudes,will atjtond.churcli who have not beardy a sermon.for a year, in order that they niay,, ¡mark theirjbelief in the'gieat moral principle which under- lies the celebration of Christmas. In England and the colonies the season is full of good wishes and good works. It represents nn attempt, however imper- fectly carried out, to obey the Iii st commandment of the faith, and to mako the world what in kindliness and in sympathy it ought to bo. Nothing, in fact, could moro distinctly prove the all-pervading foi co of Christianity. It is in the air, it is inherited in the minds of tho people, it is bequeathed to them in their institutions and customs. Churches may at times feel anxious for their dpctrines., but ,there ¡jp no fear that the moral principles,,, of. the Christian'religion will clio. Tjia, fear that th'e,',ij3ligjous lifejwill,sutler and decay j., because ,-tlio education sys- tem ia secular, aiid^prayorsj ,are not read ",'at the * opening ,of Parlia- ment, is irrational. Those who read history know that whatover is good continues to exist, and if it does not find outlet in one direction, it does in another; if it is not taught in the schools, it is taught elsewhere, and by different means. The proof of the leal power of religion is to be found in such an institution as Christmas, when kindly thoughts pievail, when the poor are relieved, when the sick aro comforted, and when the sentiments of Chris- tianity aro re-echoed round the world, even by those who may have ceased to believe with any orthodox organisa tign. The '-delicate question "what ia "plagiarism" is raised by the last attack upon the poet laureate. The English raco would willingly bestow the title of " grand old man " upon one of its living members. If the phrase is used often with a tingo of sarcasm about tho senior politician of the day, it can be conferred without the shadow of a íeservation -upon the senior poet. Yet not even TENNYSON'S fame protects him from aspersion. One of our London correspondents gaye particulars recently of a charge , ¿f "convcy " ing," of borrowing without acknow lodgment, which is buj; one of many to which TENNYSON in his time has been subjected. It seems that a dozen years before the laureate wrote his " Columbus," one JOSEPH ELLIS had published in a volumo certain verses on " Columbm at Seville," and the critic finds an identity, now of words and now of ideas, in the two productions. Sometimes, ho says, you can mistake TENNYSON for ELLIS. It would be an unworthy pretence to assume familiarity with tho works of the latter author, but probably the reply is that no one reading the volumes as a whole is likely to mistake the worthy Mr. ELLIS for the laureate. " People are continually mistaking me " for your Grace," said a shopkeeper with a bow to the Iron Duke. " Dear " me,"' said the duke, " no one ever " takes me for you, Mr. JONES." For tho most part thtso accusations against authors of repute originate with men who are ignorant of both the spirit and the machinery of litoiary work. They do not know that suggestion and study are tho parents of inspiration, and leave their impress upon their child. Nor do they allow foi' the inevitable coincidence which results when like minds deal with like subjects. TEN- NYSON has never replied directly to his waspish critics, but nn Amorican ad- mirer somo years back published a letter, in which the poet laureato le ferred to the " parallelisms " to which attention had recently been called. " Parallelism," said TENNYSON, " must " always recur. A man, a Chinese " scholar, BOine time ago wrote tome,say " ing that in an unknown, untranslated " Chinese poem there wore two old lines " of mino, almost word for word. Why " not ? Aro not human eyes all over " the world looking at the same " objects, and must there not conse " quently be coincidences of thoughts, " imprfassions^and expressions I" The poet goes on to give instances where, studying scenery, ho made notes of impressions on the spot, and the lines thus penned when in solitary commu- nion with nature have boen described as bold and bald copies from earlier writers. And, without any disrespect to the poet, it may be said that the more trite the observation- the more sure is the parallel to be found elsewhere. Someone else has made the same common-place observa- tion, . If any poet of mediocre ability, and no more, proceeds rashly to picture the sun, his enemies may bo confident that lie will not rise above what someone has said before. He would work up the stock images, the old ideas. But BUTLER, at the realistic end of the scale, was original with his sunrise "And like a lobster boiled, the morn From black to rod began to turn." And BLAKE, at the romantic and en- thusiastic end, was original in his de- claration that at sunrise he beheld not a big yellow round orb like a guinea, but that he saw rather an innumerable company of the heavenly host chanting " Holy, holy, holy, Lord " God Almighty," and praising and wor- shipping the MOST HIGH. To follow BUTLER or BLAKE would be to be a plagiarist, but a thousand and one men have written in good faith lines in which " chasing hideous night " is made to rhyme with "floods of golden " light." The poet laureate has scarcely the fire of his youth. He has now tho ideas about COLUMBUS that would occur to any intelligent student. Ii they have occurred to some other more or less intelligent student, there is no wonder in that. Mr. ELLIS writes "Thou dost think that men feet upwards walk, Like as the flics upon the ceiling there," TENNYSON asks -" Could it be That trees grew downward, rain fell up- ward, men walked like to Hy on ceilings." Here the critic sees a telling likeness between the two works. Yet the ob- jection to tho existence of a new world, namely, that men ' could not walk like Hies upon a ceiling, is a com- monplace of the literature of the subject. The dramatic poet again has the odious charge levelled against him, from another standpoint. He has studied the histories of the events which he relates, no conceives a dramatic whole, but ho will, take material from his authorities to a considerable extent at pleasure. If he vivifies the work it lives as his ; tho world which possesses the statue is careless that, not the sculptor, but some other person, quarried tho marble. SHAKSPEAUE largely required his materials to be prepared for him. But SBAKSPEARE'S ' " Wolsey '> is ' read, while'J CAVENDISH'S history' will bo forgotten. BELLENDEN, in*his histoVy of "thb 'Macbeth episode, i gives1 the -very-words'' of the witch "'suene :-'^-Tliey ' were judged to be " tho-" weird "sisters'.'' The first of " thom said to MACBETH, ' Hail, Thane " ' of Glamis,' and the second said, " 'nail, Thane of Cawdor,' and the " third said, ' Hail, King of Scot " land,' " and so on in prose where the dramatist has substituted verse. The parallelisms to be found .in a certain play and a certain earlier poem, " Bomous and Juliet," are extensive. Friar LAURENCE, the lovers, the bab. bling nurse, the gay MERCUTIO, are in the earlier poem as in the play, " but, " oh ! how changed " in the latter. A family likeness obtains between all the vé'rsidns'óf' the ïtalian lovers. And two poems 'aboüÉ 'the great Italian sailor aro very likely to, have a1 strong family Iikeness""áIso'." These'- parallelisms are natural, but there is something more. What is reilly singular is the manner in which recollections of one author will haunt another. Unconscious re- production is one of the mysteries of tho phenomena of brain work, and yet the fact that Buch reproduction exists is undeniable. No one would deny the originality of the author of " Prometheus Unbound," nor would anyone describo the " Cenci" asother than the great original work which SHELLEY intended it to be. Yet wholo passages of the murder scene in the " Cenci " are etherealised " Macbeth "-wo must not say spun-out " Macbeth," becauso of tho fear of the Shelley Society. " I " mixed an opiate with his drink, he " sleeps so soundly." " They are about " it now." " 0, Tear not what may bo " done, but what is loft undone. " Tho act seals all." All through, tho reader of " Cenci" is in company with a familiar-a most familiar spirit. On the whole, a charge of plagiarism requires to bo mado with tho utmost caution. And when preferred against an author of reputo it cart usually be disregarded. Under any circumstances, a generous critic will be slow to launch such an imputation ; but yet, when plagiarism is evident, it is a first duty to effect the exposure of a creature who of all men is the most detestable-who steals not from necessity, but to make a false show. The firmness with which the out- rageous French demand for tho ovacua tion of Egypt was mot by Lord SALISBURY is apparently to bo repeated for the beno R of the Turks. It is said that tho English Government will lake vigorous mensures to crush the leanings which tho Torto lins recently shown towards Russia, and to prevent it from falling in with tho Russian designs. Tho SULTAN is in the unfortunate position of tho pennilesB man, and is compolled to obey tho com- mands of any power which happons by promises or threats to obtain tho mastery for tho moment in Constantinople. But ho can have no reason to lovo Russia, which has three times in tho contury in vnded and dismembered his dominions ; and ho should not bo unwilling to stand by a Foreign Minister, who onco again announces that tho English people have a settled and traditional policy. This step is the outcomo of tho views \v hich woro disclosed in tho Premier's spcoeh at tho Guildhall. Lord SALISBURY declared that whatevor tho proclivities of indivi- dual Ministers might bo, the foreign policy of England had alwnvB boen continuous. Ho pointed out that Croat Britain had no diroct interest in the Balkans ; that she lind never dieamt of going to w.ir without the alliance of tho powers moro deeply interested ; and that at tho samo time she had invariably protested against subjecting tho liberties of the minor Btatos to the iron glovo of the Muscovite. Following out tho idea, ho enters his protest against Russia, and tho protest takes tho very practical form of bringing pressuro to boar on tho Porto. An inte- resting diplomatic gamo is thus being playod in Constantinople, whoro tho representativos of tho rival nations aro nil Booking to conquer tho favour of the SULTAN. The CZAR has obviously something to gain or loso in tho struggle. On friendly tern« with tho nommai superior of Bulgana and Roumelia ho might gain a colourable pretext for active interference, or he might easily extort some other ndvan tage from a ruler ii ho considers himself to have boon deserted by o\ Ty nation m turn An unmtural underatondunr bo tv» con tho aggressor and his liereditary victim could at any rite bode no good to England, whom iurkoy lias been will ing enough to oppose at the suggestion of other Governments If Lord SALIS DÜKY succeeds ho will put an end to the plausibibty with which tho Trench lune invested their demand by using the SULTAÎ. S name, and he will prevent Russia from trj ing to carry out her designs by making unknown pi o mises to the Turk By a pootic justice m fate, the country for which tho English peoplo fought is now to be forced to serve then continuous policy It is a hopeful sign that the British Go\ ernment no longer sits idly or cynically waiting for the clouds to roll by, but endeavours to dissipate them, and to prevent the storm The meeting of the Continental diploma tists with their on n ii eapons cannot but have a good effect Lord SALISBURY at tho Guildhall was confident that peace would bo maintained Nothing is more likely to conti lbute to such a good result as the scares caused by tho vacillation of the past few years painfully demonstrate, than firmness on the part of Lngland The cadet corps recently stood a good trial and received the commendations of competent critics, whon paraded en masse in Albert park Their appearance, movements, and demeanour m the ranks showed that they ha\ o been woll looked after in divisions and their enthusiasm, which, after all, is tho quality most to bo admired under tho circumstances, was excellent As boys thov have the spirit that «ill expand into the patriotism of tho soldier under judicious training, and though it would perhaps not bo well to rear a generation of ferocious fire eaters, for whom fighting would mean no more than bieakfast, it is deBirable that they should be grounded in as much that per tains to tho science of war as will make them trustworthy defenders in time of need Hie system is being administered with this objoct well in view, for the lads aro not only aflorded an opportunity of parading m large bodies, but are allowed to compete, one school aganiBt another, to prove individual oihciency The results of the last com petition ha\o boen published, and aro vory satisfactory, oxceptiug perhaps that too few tonn schools and none from the country districts wore represented A reason given for tho sniallness of the metropolitan- gathonng was that tho com petition took place at an mcom omont time, and clashed with school examina tions lins may also apply iilth greater force to the country schools, and w ill no doubt bo remembered by tho Defonco department when next the bovs aro to bo brought into activo rnalry A lame public school - the Scotch College - aecuiod first place with 196 points out of a possible 200, and this worthy performance was neatly equalled by tho boys of the St Kilda State School, No 1 479, who made a total of 195, losing ono point m drill and steadiness The umpires have spoken frankly and very favourably of all tho cadets engaged, and their encomiums added to the approbation of tho skilled spectators of tho Albert park parade, justify the establishment of this juvenile arm of the service The movement has been pushed forward with great success so far, and will be advanced further still if the Defonco department will arrange for the corps to go into camp with tho main force of tho colony at Easter Ile Argus office will be closed from 10 o clock to day vChristinaa Day) until 6 o clock on Monday evening when it will be re opened for the convenience of advertisers. Copies of J he Argus J he Australastan and ¡he Australasian fletcher may be obtained at the messenger s office at the side entrance during the holidnjs lhere will be no pub hcation oí J he Argus on Monday lhere will be presented to the readers of J he Australastan of next week (the New Years number) a large sized sheet contain mt, portraits of a collection of the beat known men in connection with Australian racing Owners of horses are represented by Mr W Pearson Mr W C Mutile Mr St Laughlin, Mr J White Mr S Gardiner Mr R.K. Mait- land and Mr V7 Bailey, the handicapper oí the Victoria Racing Club Mr Barnard, occupies a prominent place starters are included in the persona of Mr George Wat son and Mr William Gannon the secretaries of two clubs Mr liqnd of the Victoria Amateur 1 uri Club and Mr Clibbotn of the Australian Jockey Club are presented, the nut has its representatives in Mr Joseph Thompson and Mr Joseph and the well known figure of the sporting editor of J he Australasian ( 'Augur ) completes the group lima a thoroughly representative gathering of the sporting celebrities of Aus traba is included in the Bketch lbe portraits are drawn with much care and fidelity and will be recognised at a glance Hie sketch is a -.aluable contribution to turf history, and is a gift to the readers of the widely circulated journal with which it is issued, which will be received with pleasurable acceptance On Ihursday nett the Cabinet will make additional appointments in connection with the Royal Commission for the Centennial Inhibition Hie list will include vice presi dents a small executive and a secretary, and names are under consideration for all those positions 1 he number of vice presidents has not been determined lhere mny be only three or as many as six If the latter number is decided upon, it is likely tlmt the selection will be -bir William Clarke, M L C Sir James MacBain President of the Legislative Council Mr Lalor Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Colonel Sargood, M L.C , Mr Munro,ULA., and Mr Bosisto M L A It wus mentioned at the Cabinet meeting last 1 bursday that a member of the Government should be appointed a vice president but the weight of opinion was ayutiBt that idea. lhere is every prospect of fine weather prevailing to day and the day will bo kept a close holiday Hie usual Christmas services will he held m the Anglican Roman Catho lie and vinous other churches of the city At St. Patrick s Cathedral high mass will be celebrated and the choir will render with full orchestra Ha> dn s grand mass No 4 At St 1 rancis s Church Ilaydns Imperial Mass will be sung by the choir with full orchestral accompaniment and at St. Peter und St. Pauls Church Giorzaa grand mass No 1 will be performed At Collins street Congregational Church the Rev Dr Bevan will conduct service m the morning and the church choir will render selections from Handels Messiah At the Alex andria Iheatre a sacred concert will be given in the cvming by the Italian Opera Com pany 1 he Messiah will be performed at the 1 \hibition building in connection with the Opera Carnival and in the lown hall by the Melbourne Philharmonic Society Hie theatres will all be closed but the Japanese Village will be open for a concert of sacred music Hie attractions announced for holiday makers on Boxing Day are numerous Hie VA. 1 C races will tal e place tit Caul held and the intercolonial cricket match between Victoria and îsew South Wales will be commenced on the Melbourne Cricket around and should the weather remain Imo ?.try larc,e attendancesmay be expected at both events In the evening there will be an uti usuallj large choice of amusements 1 he Italian Oper i Company will mal c their first appear ance in Norma at the Alexandra Iheatre the Mikado will doubtless attract a full house to the new FrinceaBS Iheatre and the other principal theatrical engagements are the pantomimes ot ltobinson Crusoe nt the Iheatre Royal Little Jack Sheppard at Her Majesty s Opera house and the drama entitled Hie New Hush at the Bijou Iheatre Dr Lynn is to enter upon a new season at tho Athenieum hall and Ridgway a arena will perform in Swanston street lhere will also bo a amplay of fireworks on the East Melbourne Cricket-grounù, a Christmas festival is to be held in the Exlu bition building in connection with the Pro testant Alliance I riendly Society, and the St Georges and Victoria music hall companies will nive performances. A considerable number of steamer exectr Bions down the bay are announced in our advertising columns to be run to day, to morrow, and Boung Day, and these may be expected to be largely patronised Hie arrangements made by the traille branch of the Railway department for tho distribution of its rolling stock during the holiday season are being carried into effect. the total number of carriages to be brought into use during the busiest tinja will be 780, and they will be devoted to meeting the suburban and country traffic. Over 300 trucks have been seated ior short local excursión trips for the larger centres of population throughout the colony Special trains will to day leave Melbourne for Sun bury, Woodend Kyneton, Castlemaine, and Sandhurst at G 25 a.til, 6 39 a m , 6 59 tem , 12 10 p. m , and 3 25 p m '1 ruins from Sand hurst to Melbourne, calling at the same stn tiona, will leave Sandhurst at 6 40 a.m , IL50 rem , 3 a m., and 7 pm. Specials will also be sent from the city to Ballarat at 6 20 a.m and 10 59 am., returning to Melbourne at 0 2o mm. and 11.20 a-m A train will leave Melbourne for Tallarook and Sejmour at G29 a.m A special for Beaconsfield will be forwarded from the Princes bridge station at 9 30 n.m , and will return at 6 30 p ra. On Monday special trains will be Bent from Spencer street to Sand hurst, calling at Sunburj, Woodend, Kyne ton, and Castlemaine at G 19 a. ra , 12.10 p m , 3.25 p in-, and 7 9pm, and will return at G 40 a, ra, 11.50 am, 3 p.m, and 7 p m. 'lhe Ballarat special service will com prise trams sent from Spencer street at G 20 am, 10 59 ft.m , and 0 40 p m., the return trains leaving Ballarat tit G 25 a ra, 11 20 a.m , and 7 p.m. Arrangements have also been made for the running on Monday of a large number of extra trains on the different suburban lines lhe question of having two weekly market daya for the sale of cattle and sheep at New market instead of one, as at present is being considered by the Railway department. Sheep enies are now only held on the Tues day of each week, and consequently the larger portion of the stock lins to be con veyed over the lines on Mondays. "Some of the sheep are, however, carried on what are termed the 'off days (Wednesdays, ïhurs days, and lridajs) and these have to be put into paddocks until market day -a practice which involves considerable ex pense. 'lhe Railway Commissioners last month made a special concession by reducing the rate charged for the carriage of sheep on off days by 20 per cent. 1 hia concession bits been largely taken advantage of, since it has been found that the saving thus effected m camayo recoups the cost of keeping the sheep in Melbourne until murket day The stock agents, however, complain that they are put to much inconvenience by the waut of sufficient rolling stock lhe Bystem adopted by the department of allocating the trucks is admitted to be the fairest that could be given effect to under present cir cumstanccs. Uelori» the busy season begins a hat is made out of business done during the previous 12 months by the Btock ageuts, who are classified according!), and each allowed a number of tracks m accordance with the classification 'Hie difficulty now experienced in supplying sulhcient trucks arises from the increase in the number of agents, and from the fact that the markets at Ballarat and Sandhurst are held on the esme tiny as the Melbourne market, the result being that the treat bulk of the stock traffic is concentrated on the different lines of railway on one day The department believe that require menta could best be met if two market days were arranged for in each week. At present sheep sales are held every 'luesday, and cattle sales every Wednesday, the but era thus being compelled to attend the market twice in each week It is urged that if Bales of cattle and sheep were fixed for two days Bay luesday and Imlay, the firms of stock agents and the buyers would not be affected, while the de partaient would, by the division of the traffic, be able to meet the de mand for trucks during the busiest seasons lhe Railway Commissioners bave been asked to call for tendera for the construction of a number of additional sheep trucks, but they point out that the great proportion of that class of rolling stock is now only engaged for one day, and stands idle ior the remainder of the week, BO that no adequate return would be obtained for the largo outlay which would be necessary to provide tho addition referred to The remedy in their minda ia the estab bailment of an extra weekly market day 1 bo board of inquiry, consisting of Messrs. W P Webb, J Bljth, and A. Wilson, ap pointed to investigate tbo charge of neglect preferred by the collectorof Customs againBt the landing waite" M ICenzie, when passing the fraudulent entries presented by John Getrgie, Customs house agent, bas sent m its report to the Commissioner of Trade and Customs The board, which examined a number of witnesses, has decided that M Ivenzie, though guilty of carelessness, was not culpably negligent. It states fur ther that the arrangements for transacting business in the invoice room where M Kenzie has to perform his duties are not of the most Butisfactory character, and that the delects in this respect may to some extent account for the entries being passed without the necessary careful examination The success which has attended the re organisation of the drawbacks branch of the Customs department has led the collector of Customs to recommend than tue acting inspector of drawbacks (Mr Uollick) shall be appointed permanently to that position At present Mr uollick has to perform the duties of inspector of accounts, and to super vise the work of the weighers engaged in the drawbacks branch His duties in the latter capacity are so onerous that Mr Musgrove desires that he shall devote the whole of his attention to them, and be relieved of the position of inspector of nccounts I he ap pointment of the two eoftgoods experts made some time buck has had a satisfactory result. It is found that they exercise a supervision over goods on which drawback is claimed, which lessens very greatly the risk of the department being de fraud ed by being called upon to refund a larger amount of duty on the articles than waa paid on them upon their importation Mr Musgrove is also anxious that some change shall bo effected by which the sub ordtnate officers engaged in customs work on the wharves shall bo more thoroughly under control thnn is the case at present lils recommendation in the matter is being con sidered by the Commissioner of Trade and Customs. A proposal has been mooted m military and naval circles that shells charged with blasting gelatine should be used in order to increase the deatructive power of the missiles Hie Imperial YAar Office directed certain trials to be made for the purpose of deter mining whether the idea was practicable, but the results of the experiments were by no means satisfactory HIP gelatine shells proved to be thoroughly unsafe, and in one case a gun was burst. A communication on the subject has come to hand from the agent gcneril bir Graham Berry having been re quested to keep the Government well posted in till matters pertaining to the improvement of the colony s defences 'lo day will be observed as Sunday at all telegraph offices All post-oflices will he closed to the public. On Mondnj all post ofliccB will be closed at 10 a m Only the first delivery by letter carrier will be effected hut countrj mails will be received and despatched ns usual 3vo money order or savings bank business will be transacted lelegraph ollicea appointed to be open on holidays will be open nB usual and « ther ollicea will be open from S 30 to 10 turn , and from G to 7 p m Hie first clearance of all letter pillars Vc. m Melbourne and the suburbs will be made nn hour earlier on Monday than is the usual custom A notification is published in jesterdny's Goimimcnl Gazette thnt Cnptnin 1 C Rowan lins been appointed Danish consul general m Melbourni Jriniti C commencing what may be described as a new departure in university education It has been decided by the authorities to establish, during the ' acation, classes lor university students who have failed in the November examinatious and who intend to present themselves again at the supplemental examination next March. The classes will be held at the college, but will be open toony members of the University who desire to take advantage ot the oppor- tunity offered, and it will not be necessary for such to be enrolled as students of the college The lectures will embrace not only all the subjects ot the arts course, but also the work of the fitst two years of the medical curriculum The Rev Vi. L. Bowdltch, M A,of Clare College, Cambridge, who has latelj become a member of the college Btaff, will lecture upon lower mathematics and natural philosophy 'Hie well furnished chemical and biological labo ratones, with which the college was this jcar provided by the liberality ot Sir William Clarke, -will be kept open for the use of studentaiattending the science courses. Full information as to hours of lecture, fees, S.o., can be obtained by application to the warden of the college. Students wishing to attend should send m their names as soon as pos sible A large and very pretty fernery has been provided recently in connection with the aquarium at the Exhibition, and it was opened in an unofficial manner yesterday afternoon The iramework of the fernery ia constructed of wood, glass, and galvanised iron, and the whole building is 200ft long by 100ft wide and 35ft high It is at- tached to the main Inhibition building and aquarium, and it has been very elegantly laid out, as far as space would allow, with high fern banks, winding walks, and quaint rockeries und caves, 'lhere are a few large aviaries in the place stocked with parrots, doves, canaries, and other birds The ferns are line specimens from the Cuppa land district, and there are about 4,000 of them. They give a very cool and pleasant appearance to the building, and when more lally grown will afford agreeable shade to visitóte Hie lernery will be lighted up during the evenings of next week, and it will no doubt prove a very ussfjl r.n.1 attractive adjunct to tne aquarium The cost of pro vicfing the lernery was upwards of £2,000, and ii has been constructed in a very sub stairtial manner Tiie £5 5s trophies given by tho Mel bourne Cricket Club in the recent match between the Australian Lleven and the English professionals have been won by Mr W. Bruce of the former team, who scored l8 and ¿2 m the two innings, and by Shrews bury of the latter, who made 38 and C2 Hie £5 5s trophy given by Mr S S Moses for the best bowling has been won by Briggs, of the English Eleven, who bowled 580 balls for 100 runs and eight wickets, Mr Evuns, of the Australian Eleven, being next, having an average of IB runs for three wickets Hie New Year's cards issued by Messrs Prong and Co , ot Boston tlirough their local agents, Messrs. li. Jolley and Co , are many of them genuine works of art, und this especially applies to those which illustrate natural objects In the first rank of these must be pluced the designs of biacomelli, who stands at the head of his contemporaries as a delineator of bird life. No one has Btudied these beautiful winted creatures in rest and motion with such an attentive and affectionate eje as he has done, and in his two groups, entitled "The First 1 light" and "'Hie Visit, ' each of the red caps and black-caps has a physiognomy of ita own Next to these in point of delicacy of drawing .and accuracy of colour are the flowers, and more particularly the clusters of hemlock, coreopsis, and j ellow lily designed by Mrs E '1. 1 laher, nnd the pansies, violets, anti lilies of the valley executed by Mrs P E "Whitney Ibe summer, autumn, and winter landscapes by the same lady and by Miss Budges are pic tures in the true sense of thej word, and it is a noticeable fact that most ou the best cards are by female artists, BO that ¿lie practice of exchanging these remembrances at Christmas and at the coming in of the -Kew Year must be the means of providing a number of educated ladies, some of -whom, perhaps, might otherwise be m Btijaitened circum Btances, with an agreeable and remunerative occupation Among the figure subjects, that entitled the "Hie 'three GraceB1 is most poetically treated, while ihe " Guardian Angel " and " Ihe Cherubs' are touched by a fine religious sentiment, and the three children grouped together in "Hie Boston Card," which obtained an extra prize, nre quaintly and unconventionally treated The purely humorous designs are numerous, the best being those representing animals engag ing in winter sports, and endowed with that human expression of countenance which Grandville and Eugene Lambert used to bestow upon them. In the County Court yesterdoj an action was tried before his Honour Judge Oope, in which Messrs J and G Whittingham, the proprietors of the Kensington Stanch and Mai/ena Factory, were sued by \\\ ra. Owens, a carter, for damages for loss he hmd SUB tamed through their negligence lhe de fendants had constructed a drain across Stubb street, near their manufactory. Hie plaintiff was driving along the streeton the ICth September last, when his horse fell into the drain, and was killed It was contended by Mr Leon, for the plaintiff, that the de fendants bad no legal authority to make the drain, and that the accident bad, therefore, occurred through their interference with the street His Honour gave judgment for the plaintiff for £20 and costs At the last meeting of the Cigarmakers' Society it was resolved to have a demonstra tion of some kind on Christmas Eve, in order to afford on opportunity of placing before the public the position taken up by the employés who have gone out on strike from the factory of Messrs Jacobs, Hart, and Co The only thing done yesterdaj, how- ever, in that direction was that a num ber of the members marched behind a lorry, bearing the tvpical hugo cigar, throigh some of tne streets of Carlton, placarda being displayed setting forth the object of the proceaaion Very little interest seemed to be taken in the proceedings* Under the heading "A Romantic Story," the Jiuropean Mail gives the following details of the case of prisoner Drew, who was arrested a few weeks ago inAuBtralia - " Mr George Bernard Harvey Drew, of the firm of Wilkinson, Drew, and Co , solicitors, London, disembarked on November G lrom the Peninsular and Oriental steamship Malwa, in charge of Detective inspector Lansdown, of Scotland)ard, who lately proceeded to Australia to effect his arrest under a warrant charging lum with having converted to his own U90 trust property to the amount of £30,000, which lind been lodged with the firm 1 he whereabouts of Mr Drew were ascertained by theaccidertal observance of an address on a piece of blot ting paper This led the authorities to telegraph a description of the missing gentle man to Sydney, with a demand for his arreBt Inspector Lansdown reached Sjdney m September, and ascertained that Mr Drew was cruising about the harbour in the steam yacht Lstrella, which he had latelj pur clinBcd It was rumoured that he had con ceived the design of running to South America, lhe sprvire ot a Government steam launch was obtained and Inspector Lansdown procecde 1 in pursuit Mr Drew ran the 1 strella up a creek, wheie tht.) acht was boarded, and he was arrested A bar maid was In his cotnpnny, and the sum of JB was all that he appeared to have left Hie crew of the Lstrella were paid off, the )aclit was sold for £1 oOO and Mr Drew was brought on to 1 noland On January 21 last he disappeared from the olhce, leaving no trace of bia whereabouts After he had gone defalcations amounting to £4 0S3 were discovered in his accounts and there would probably be other charges against lum Some time after his disappearance a pnce of blotting paper mis found in his office, giving un address at Sussex »treet Pimlico, and upon inquiring there it waa ascertained that the prisoner had been living with a lady, m the nnme of Sir Arthur Adair It further appeared thut ho had made arrangements with tins lady for a trip to the Mediterranean but before this information reached the pulne the pi is mu hal made his disappearance, leaving the lndv-, as he had left everybody else, completely in the dark as to where ho had gone. Nothing further was heard of lura until June hist when one of the notes which had been stopped vvns returned to the Bank of England. The note was endorsed 'Arthur Adair and came to the bank from Sydney Upon that a code telegram waa sent to the Sydney police, but no answer to that or to a second message sent in the same wnj was re ceived It appeared he had been living in Sjdney in the most reckless and extravagant manner He purchased a yncht for ¿2 000, and spent a further sum of £700 in fitting her up and otherwise behaved in a most extra ordinary manner, his attire being most offen sive and fantastic, with the yacht Estrella printed across bis chest. It was unfortunate that owing to the first telegram not being de hvered, in consequence of insufficiency of address, the prisoner was allowed ample time to get rid of the money It was a matter also for very mnch surprise that the Dolice authorities at Sydney had not looked at the Gazette sent from England, giving a full description of the prisoner, or he must have been arreste 1 earlier Mr Wontner said that the jacht purchased by the prisoner for £2 000, and upon which he had expended £700 m furnishing, was sold for £1400 There was a mortc,uge upon it for £700, so that all the money saved out of the £4 000 waB £700, and probably after pajing the cost of the prisoner a voyage home, attendant ex penses, and the cost of the prosecution, that amount would be swallowed up Mr Slade formally remanded the prisoner til! Nov 10, when ho waa again remanded for eight days ' With reference to the recent discovery of a lake at Mount Wellington in Gipps land, Mr Barlow, of Dr Crowthers Grammar School, Brighton, has received the following letter from Mr Matthew Robinson, of the Glenmaggie State School - " Without doubt the honour of disco- vering a new lake at Mount Wellington rests with Mr John Snowdon, of Glenmaggie It is about 50 miles from here, and has an elevationof 2 OOOftaboveGlenmaggie Thelalte ia about 30 acres in extent, but the report that wildfowl are abundant is without foundation, not the slightest (race of birds being found Kangaroo and wallaby are equally scarce lhe lake is pronounced most difficult of access horsemen being unable to approach nearer to it than two miles lhe intervening country is of the most rugged nature 1 he lake occupies a sheltered position bounded by towering peaks and is assumed to be of immense depth Small fish are mitunter able, and it is probable that this may be explained by the entire absence of any larger species Snakes of a small variety so m feat the margin of the lake that, after killing a few, the tourist Boon wearies of it. Hie position of thia beautitul clear sheet of fresh water would indicate that a large pro portion of it ia formed by melting snows A high water mark, 15ft above the present level, can be thus easily accounted for A e.ood Bized creek flowB into the lake, but it has no outlet ' lhe latest attempt at realism on the London stago ia thus described by the Home News - ' It might have been thopght that Mr Douglass had reached the full extent of Btnge realism when he produced plaj s with racchorsea packs of hounds, vans of children, and real showers of ram, but it seems that realistic effect has no bounds, for his Inat venture exceeds in boldness of conception anything that baa gone before At the first announcement of a drama in which real water ia to produce one of the effects the memory of old playgoers carnea them back to Sadlers Wella Theatre in ita nourishing dnjs when startling episodes were brought about by means of a portion of the New River being made to pasa beneath the stage, and in connec- tion with which there are legends of hie having been lost through people connected with the theatre inadvertently atepping into the gulf With Mr Douglass a management of the Standard no such mishap is likely to befall, for the effects are produced by meana of a shallow tank, large enough, however, to contain over .¿00 tons of water The object of this ia to give a really striking representa tion of the 1 harnea during the Henley Re gatta, and in this the enterprising lessee bas thoroughly succeeded lhia, the main scene of the drama, ia remarkably effectiv e, for the view is admirably painted, and the foreground occupied by a fairly wideatream of water, crowded with craft of all kinds, from tub or dingy, of the Thames Conaervancy officers, right up to the steam launch, which passes across whistling and steaming up the water with ils screw, to the nlarm ot the real swans-this being probably the first occasion in which these birds made their appearance upon the stage In addition to these genuine craft, and the outrigger in which the hero rows m the winner of the 'Diamond Sculls,'Mr Richard Douglass the scene painter, lins produced some admirable effects with mimic houseboats and others the whole being certainly one of the most striking of the stage pictures the Standard haa had to show But to make the moBt of the costlj scene by a clever arrangement the sky ia mad? to cloud over and a heavy fall of ram, as real as the water of the river, pro duces a sudden show of umbrellas and water proolB , while after the descent of the cur tain another change is shown ot líenle) by night, with the boats illuminated with Chinese lanterns. The annual performance of the " Messiah by the Melbourne Philharmonic Society will be given in the I own hall this evening, with Madame Boemn, Misä Christie Tuller Mr R Kennedy, and Mr Gordon Gooch, as principáis A more than ordinarily strong chorus will assist and the band has been materially strengthened The demand for Beata ia very great but extra chairs are pro vided, so that all gaming admittance may not be inconvenienced Last night the closing performances of the Carnival took place in so far ns the amuse menta were concerned They attracted a good attendance lo night "IheMesaiah is to be performed Mrs Palmer Madame Christian, Mr Armes Beaumont, and Mr Angus will bo the principal vocalists and there will be an orchestra and chorus of ov er 300 performers Mr Summers will act as organist, and the conductor will be Mr Julius Iferz. Hie Protestant Alliance Triendlv Society will hold a grand Christmas Festival during the whole of next week in the Exhibition building The opening ceremony is to take place on Boxing Day at 3 p m , and tho fes tival will be continued each day until bali past 10 p m 1 he lawn promenade in the Exhibition grounds will be opened for the first time to the public A jubilee picture, entitled 'Windsor Castle at Yule Tide, will be shown, and will he illuminated in the evemnga Various dioramic effects will be exhibited on the picture, and the repre- sentations will conclude with displajs of fireworks le IB announced that a combina- tion ol attractions will be provided in the main building of the Exhibition during afternoons and evenings. Mr. Robert J. Aginton, a fancj and burlesque skater.has been engaged to perform for the week, and M Victor, Kings- ley Brothers, and other performers will assist in providing various attractions. On Monday evening (Boxing Night) the public nre promised a great pjrotechnic dis- play on the East Melbourne Cricket ground 'Hie spectacle is being arranged by Mr James Pinn, of London and New York, who brings with him credentials which speak highl) of his skill as a pvrotechnist Mr Pain was the illuminator of the gardens of the Fisheries and Health Exhibition, South Kensington andothernotable/A««,such as the raarnaceof II lt.II the Princess Louise to the Mnrquis of Lorne, and the coronation rejoic- ings at Portsmouth Mr Pam has also made a reputation in America in connection'with the displnjBgiven by him during the summer season at Manhattan Beach, Coney Island Some of the devices which are tobe produced here are described as bein-; ot a most am- bitious kind, and arnon,- them maj be men- tioned a representation of the "Bombard- ment of Alexandria." '1 his design, which is nn original one arranged by Mr Pain, was produced in 18S2 and 1883 in England and America, and was witnessed by very large numbers of people A lund under the direction of Mr Julius Her? will play selec Hans of music, and add to the attraction of the tveninr: It n niteml.'d to run extra car-i on the tramway line for the convenience of visitora to the display Owing to the non arrival of the ship Lady Lawrence which has on board a quantity of fireworks from London for Messrs Brock and Co the first display of the season on the Melbourne Cricket-ground will not take place on Boxing Night, as was announced The vessel has now been 98 days out and as soon as she arrives Messrs. Brock and Co will be m a position to carry on their displays on each Monday evening during the season Last night at the Alexandra Theatre a fine performance of Lucia di Lammermoor was repeated 1 he artists did well and their work was handsomely acknowledged by all present To night in this theatre a Sacred Concert will be given in which all the Italian artists will appear Ibe pro gramme includes in the first part many selections taken from new and old sources and amongst the new the Salve Regina, for solo voices and orchestra composed by the talented conductor Signor Hazon The second part will consist of Rossini a Stobat Mater performed by the full strength of the company under Signor Hazon s b iton Our advertising columns supply further paiticu lars. lhere was a fairly good audience at the Princess s Iheatre yesterday evening when Gilbert and Sullivans popular opera lhe Mikado was repeated The piece waa again I very successfully presented and the leading j members of the company had to respond to emphatic recalls. 1 here will be no change of programme during the holidays. Dr Lynn the magician begins a second season in Melbourne at the Athemoum hall on Boxing Night and announces some seasonable novelties One of them will be an inexhaustible Christmas hamper which will always be apparently empty but from which will be evolved a varied store of festive delicacies which will be distributed amongst the audience lhe ' Vanishing Lady illusion will continue to form one of the features of Dr L)nn s entertainment Mr George Darrell s new colonial drama en titled lhe New Rush will be the attrac tion at the Bijou Iheatre on Boxing N i"ht 1 he company which is to be engaged m the pro luction ot the drama includes Miss Knight Miss Boucicault and Mr Darrell himself Hie Japanese Village was visited by a large number of persons yesterday lhe village will be open to day when a performance of sacred music is to be given At the Victoria hall yesterday an excellent programme was presented and was well re ceived by a full house. Some Bpecial attrac tions ate announced for Boxing Day m eluding a tableau entitled lhe Carnival of Venice lhe Acromata Company at St Georges Hall continue to receive a fair measure of public support The entertainment was re ceive I )esterday evening with every manifes tatton of satisfaction An entertainment is announced to be given on Boxing Night in the 1 reemnsons hall Collins street by Mrs 1 P Hill to consist of ShakBpeanan and other recitals. It will he under the j atronaga and in the presence of Sir William and Lady Clarke rrom "EAT 'we have receiv ed £5 to be distributed in the following manner -nome of Hope, £1, Austin Hospital, ti, Ladies' Benevolent Society, ti, Children's Hospital lreat, £1, Infant Asylum, 10s, Blind Asylum, 10s 1 he lura of £3 has been sent to ua by "W \\\ T ' for distribution as follows - Benevolent Asylum, £1, Orphan As) lum, ti Children a Hospital, £1 We have received the following charitable sub8cnptionB -1 rom "II,1 £1 10s., to be divided in equnl sums between the Children a Hospital treat fund, Lunatic Asylums picnic fund, anti the Home of Hope 1 rum Mrs Arthur Parker ti Is. from Mrs. A S Wind aortl, from " C ILE 6s, and from 'EOT ' 5s , for the Children 8 Hospital Christmas treat Trom "L and L 18s. Gd , collected in small suma for the Christmas treat at Miss Sutherland s Home 1 rom Robert Abraham, 10s for the Windsor Tire Relief Eund Mrs Chads des rea to acknowledge with thanks the following amounts received in answer to her appeal for a case of distress, made in 'JheAiffusot the 16th inst -Mr Isaac Cleaves, per Rev W Burridge, 5s , Mrs. R. VV M Comos, do, 10s., "Alriend," Lower Hawthorn, do, 7a GI Mr Alfred worlley acknowledges with than les a gift of 14 half cheats of tea for the Immigrante' Aid Society, from Mr Walker, Commissioner ot Customs. The officers of the department of Landa and Agriculture have subscribed a sum of £22 as a Christmas gilt to the childrens charitable institutions lhe money has been distributed asunder -Orphan Aaj lum £5, St Vincent de Paul s Orphanage, £5, líos pital ior Sick Children, £5, lntant Asylum, £4, and the Home of Hope id. An auction aale of the Highfield Estate, Canterbury, is advertised to be held on Boxing Day, by Mr E L Ehnt Messrs Dalgety and Company Limited, agents for the Messageries Maritimes Com pany, wish it to be notified that no visitors will be allowed on board the s.8 Calédonien on Sunday or Monday, unless they hold passes, which can be obtained on application at their office. On Thursday evening, by invitation of the Curlew Club, a large number of ladies and gentlemen assembled at the litzroy lown hall at a concert given by some of the mern bera. Messrs Josephs, Kendall, Liddiard, Keane, and several other gentlemen contri butetl to the vocal portion ot the programme, and the orchestra of the club (conducted by Mr Kreitrer) played a number of selections Mr P Duggan contributed a recitation of " Hie Raven and Mr Adsworth a piano* forte solo, " Hie Dying Poet' lhe committee of the Prahran, Suuth Yarra, mid Toorak Ladies' Benevolent So tiety report having relieved 71 enies weekly during the fortnight ending De cember23 lhe cases numbered 92 adults nnd G5 children lhe adulta comprised 41 widows, 8 deserted wives, 13 mar ried couples 14 single and aged indi vidunla Hie expenditure for the fortnight was £25 3s 3d Assistance in money or clothing ia gladly received bv the hon treasurer, 13-1 Punt-road, South Yarra, or by the lion secretary, Ulerton, loorak The committpc also desire to acknowledge with sincere thanks the following contributions, in response to their appeal for Christmas gifts to their poor -Mrs. Rick, £2 2a , MrB. Bent- ley, ti, Misa Allen, 10s , Mrs. I'Anaon 5s, Mrs Millear, £1, Mrs Hurst, £1, Mrs Henty, £1, employH Harcourt and Parry, 15a , Mrs W Davies ti Is., Mrs Dawson, £3 3s , mid through The Aujus, £14 9a , also, a bag of sugar from Mrs 1 nylor, and a box of tea from ' J M ' lhe report of the Women's Hospital for the week ending December 23 shows that 11 patients were admitted during the week, 14 were discharged, and 39 remained in the hospital 1 he total number ot out patienta for the week waa 79, and ot new cases 13 