SHIPPING. Considerable activity hrs provided in shipping cueles dui-inc lho muntli, thorohaving boen ni ksj thin fifteen oserai).» arrivals m the colony since list summary, lad thora have been nine el parturis rho arrivals comprised tho stiaincr Rosamond (Messrs Gibbs, Living Bt >ne, and O > 's line), in Moreton Biy on tho 3rd Novomber, from Hongkong via ports, tho barque Uliuddlan Castle in iMoieton Bay on tho 8th Novembet, from Sborpress, the Corolin, ship, in Moreton Bay on tho some dato, from London, rho L anil A Company's steamer Airlie, in Moreton Bvy onthollrh November from Hongkong ni norts, tho barque Inglewood, in Heiv y B.ey (Mary borough) on tno same date, from New port, tho Isle of Angl se», barque in Hervey Bay (Maiyboiuue,b) on tbo 12Hi November from Newpurt, the Danish gchoon°r Gcrtriuii binung ii« l$i isbs.no on the sime hue from Boa on , tho birqun Ceri Tuai m K ppcl B*y em tho 15th Niwmher, from Liverpool, no Non port, the B I S N. Compmy'a it. M S Junins in Briabaro on tho 17th Nov nib r, liom London, via, ports, the barqui V llalla, i i Bri buio on the samo date1, from GU"L,O " , the E anel A Company's Btoamer i\iiimiiice, in Mjreton B¿y on tho T7tb Novimber, from Hon^koni,, via ports, tho barqu V»Icof Doon, m Moreton Bay on the 17th Nov rnbor, from Liverpool, the Doris Bl odoi sen, ship, m Moreton B^y on the samo date from Lonioii, tho Afghan (Messrs Gib s, Livingstone, and Companys line), in Moreton Bay on the 28 h November, from Hongkong, via porta, and tho American schooner Alakah, »t townsville on the 27th November from Pugct Sound Tho Bhuddlan Oastl.i brought a full cargo of salt The Gcrtruida. Strating, Valo of Doon, Villalta, and Doris Broderson worn all laden with general merchandise The ship Corolla had a most eventful passage, having encountered very severe weather, during which her boats, skids, poop bridge, and standard compass were washed overboard. The poop deck was started and broken, the head stays, royal back stays, middle and maintopgallant stays were carried away, the main deck was started, the break of the poop smashed in the cabin fittings broken and damaged and the greater portion of the stores and sails destroyed. The damage done to the vessel is computed at £1500. The cargo also suffered damage. At the termination of the voyage Captain Meseer was presented with an address signed by the passengers, praising him in the highest possible terms for the skill and undaunted courage displayed by him under the trying circumstances he had gone through The Corolla brought three valuable racing mares, shipped bv Sturgeon and Sons, of The Grays Essex, England and consigned to B D Morehea and Co. There were originally four, but one died during the passage. Her cargo consisted of 2300 tons of general merchandise, including 6000 steel rails for the Queensland Government. The Airlie, in addition to a number of saloon passengers brought 203 return diggers from K mbcrley, and 40 Ohincso piss ugors irom Hongkong She also brought tlio ftiiiowin.; c&rgo; -For Cooktown and Port Douglas 40 lons, for lownavillo 53 tons, for MacUiy lb tuna for Maryborough 7 tins forUnsl nne S9 tons for Sydney 212 ions, for New Z a ami 70 tona, f r 1 asiuauia 10 tons, for Melbourne 4H tons, for Adelaide 6 tons The barques Ingl wood and Isle of Angles a both brought a full cargo of steel rails for the QurensUnd Government The Carl Tual brought a full cargo of railway material Tho R ¡VT S Jumna had a mosc successful passage The weather in tbo Channilwos ri ther chilly, but as the ship appioached the Mediterranean the weather (.radually became warmer A fuw day s after leaving London tho first birth, that of a girl, occurred, and itwis announced that she wa« to bo chriatenod Jumnette, in honour of the ship The weather in the Red Sea was in tensely hot for tho season of the year, the ther momeier regisHring 94 All more or less suffered from tho lu at and »n adult immigrant succumbod to the effects of bea" apoplexy At Aden the vessel was dilsyei for two days awaiting the arrival of the P and O Com pany'a It \I ¡a Chuun with the maila from Kurope After leaving the Red Sea until reaching tue Q ice nslmd cuast the weather I became fine and pleaaam with tho exception of a few shower» \ neal of wet weather 1 was mot with in coming down the coast I The ímniurant"» wore meier the able super vision of Dr Wooiwnrel surgeon superinten 1 dent snd Mrs M Kiddle matron The geneial health was very good but niiny felt the effects of the extr mo heat in the passage through th Bid b a Amusements of various kinds were freely indulged in duriDgthevoyage Seven pors ins aird u the vcyevg», including six infants and child-en mel the-re were four I births It should be mintie ned that religious t services «otu hell on bjard every Sunday, and ahutly befe rei the t munal on of the voy gc Captain Butkutghvc tho dill ir n a tea i party Six unmieri.r ts »ere landed at Cook j rown 51 at T *im II 3 »t B »en CS at ' Mackay, «.nd 14 n lío «.ha npto i, kaw c, 514 , for thi« i >r , lu addition to ob .jaascngcrs i The E und A Company's jlcaincr Tanna dico, brought in addition to a number of j satoon passengers 3 Chinese, for Brisbane and 17 for Sydney, besides IIS return diggers from Kimberley She landed S tons of cargo at Cooktown, 4 tons at Maryborough, and SO tons at Brisbane, leaving 11 tona for Newe istlo lim tons Jor Sydney, 50 tons for New Z-aUud' las tons for Melbourne, 45 tons for 'lasmuma anrt 37 tors for Adelaide, she also hadluK quantity of optional cargo and G49 casés "î opium, a box of gold, valued at fclfloO, and 21 cases pearlshell. Thoatconi>-r Afghan brought a large numbei of return diggers from K?m berley and 40 Chinese lasseters, bíSdA following cargo -For Cooktown, 45 tons for Townsville 91 tons; foi Brisbane, 73 W Si Sydney, G1 tons , for Melbourne, 4% ton» %&Tll;}%url\bane' Sydnf- or Melbourne' 334 tons The American schooner M- kah bad a full cargo of timber. oaa Tho following vessels have sailed -Tho w and A Company's steamer Guthrie, from Cleveland Bay on the 4lh Novemb r. and fro£ Cooktown on the 5th for Hongkong Vla port, the Woosung, ON Company's steamer, from Cleveland Bay (Townsville) on the 5th Neuem, ber, for Hongkong, via ports ; tho Hindustan ship from Cleveland Bay cn'the 0 h Novm ber, for Newcastle in ballast; tho barque U lijscocesa, from Moreton Bay on the lath Nn! vember, for Iqnique, with SOO tons coals j the River Indus, barque, from Moreton Bay on the 19rh Novemhor for Newcastle in saud bal ast - ton B*you the 19 th November, for Hon^kone vii ports, the E. *nd A. Cotu^any'a sCcamcr Menmuir from Moreton Bay on tho 25th No- vember, for Hongkong, vu.ports ; tim barque Scottish Knight from Hervey Bay) Marv borough ou the 29th N ivember, fw Portland Oregon, in ballast : and tho ß IS N ¿0m pauya R M.S Jumna, from Brisbane yesterday, for .London, via ports. The Jumna takes the largest cargo of wool ever slnpued lu one vessel from any of tho u, Ä ctolo?,c?- It will consist of 14 COO balos, OQOO of which aro from Brisbane 4000 from Rocknampton, 2500 from Townsville" and 1500 from Normanton and Thursday Is'land In addition to this she will tase 450 to is sugar from Mackay, loO tona sugar from Townsville and 4a0 tons copper and silver ores from various potts, and a large quantity of tallow and looao hides. In regard to the vossels m harbour, the British Army will have all her cirj'o out by the end of this week and will then mke -irn" J^11"8' fur Portland, Oregon. The Villalta has just commenced the discharge! of her cargo. She will bo clesparchod hence in ballast for Ne»castle. Tno Charles lia lus ncaily completed tho dis- charge) of her cargo rf timber, and will soil Bhortly in ballast toi Vancouver's Island. The barque Renfrewshire, n Inch arrived hero on the 19th Novembei trom Newport, via Rock- hampton îsnovi-dis.hmgiugrails tor the Govern mint She has re-e.ved orderi to-ail for New- castle m ballast. The birque Vale of DOOD, and the ship Dons Brodorson are completing the discharge of their cargorr Both ves S ato ¡«writing owneis' instructions as to their futuro moveimr's Too Gertrivda Srr&tiae; will be despaldo! licnce sho- tly for Hunda berg where nhe is to load sugw for Adelaide. The Rhuddlan C istlo has nearly disposed of whole of her caigo, and is now taking in ballast She has not as yet received instruc- tions as to her future movements. The Corolla will finish discharging ia the course of a week or ten days Sho is now undergoing tem porary lepan«, snd thone will not bo completed for samo weeks. Hor tuturo destination has not yet been decided on 