Miscellaneous Items. He who has a bad wife has pu-gatory for a neighbbur. The Kentucky Legislature has passed a Bill prohibiting the sale of pistols and bowie knives. Dead horses are quoted in London now at 15 shilliings. Last year they were worth £2 or £2 10s. Baron Rothschild has surprised Londoners by pinning on the blue ribbon of total abslinenre. The old maxim that " man proposes" is flatly contradicted by some spinsters, who only wish he did. It is said that leprosy has appeared at various places in Canada West, the result of Chinese immigration. Shu, not up a brood of evil passions in your bosom; like enraged serpents, they wi'l bite their cage. In Greenland there are 7000 Esquimaux converts under the fostering care of the Danish Mission Society. -"Well, Paddy?" "Mr. M'Grny, would you liod me an empty barrel of flour tomake a hencoop fur me dog 4" The net gain in communicants the past year was nine times greater in foreign mis sions than in Christendom. On a Dundee drunkard, being picked up by the police, there were six " food relief" tickets found in his pockets. Liverpool has no cathedral, but plans have been prepared for one, and the edifice is to be one of the finest in England. Wit is brushwood; judgment is temper. The first makes the brightest flame, but the other gives the most lasting heat. The Queen has intimated that she will give a cup for competition at the wapin schaw to be held in Aberdeen in July. There is a poor husband just now getting a little peace His wife, the other night, put her tongue to a flat iron to see if it was hot. It is reported from Rome that the iron. clad Italia, on her trial trip ran seventeen knots within the hour, which is very satis factory. The eminent English physician Sir Henry Thompson, considers fish a particularly suit able article of diet for persots unable to take much exercise. It would not seem to require much reso lution to praise a man after he is dead; but if you will notice it, that is just where the resolution comes in. The Free Church of Scotland numbers 1035 separate congregations, with a mem bership of 324.000, and 221,501 teachers and scholars in Sabbath schools. The story that when ladies meet in a social way the y traduce those who are absent, we will not believe. Surely there is honour among th' Eves. The statem-ent is made that a statue of the Pharaoh which ruled Egypt during the ten plagues has been found in the desert, where it had been buried for over three thousand years. A lady in Queen Victoria's service, who made the mistake of wearing a cherry ribbon during a recent term of Coburt mourning, has been deprived of her position for two months. The Government of Russia has called a convention for scientists and engineers to take measures to develop the petroleum fields on the Caspian i-ea and build up an export trade. A list of the old-fashioned corvettes and gunboats of the British Navy has been pre pared by Lord Charles Beresford, who pro poses their sale or destruction rather than wasting money in repairing them. An interesting bust of Brutus, in white marble, from Rome, recently acquired by the trustees, has just been placed next to the well-known bust of Julius (ssar in the Roman Gallery in the British, Museum. A recent careful calculation shows that England owns nearly three times as large an extent of colonists as all the rest of Europe together. Her colonies are eighty-five times as big as the mother country.. The commemoration of the fourteenth an niversary of Muzzini'e death passed off in Rome on March 26 without disturbance. The bust of the celebrated revolluionist in the capital was decorated with garlands. "'Wife, do you know that 1 have got the pneumonia ?" "New monia, indeed' Such extravagencel You are the spendthriftest man that ever I did see, to go and lay out money on such trash, when I need a new bonnet so much." Talk to woman about religion, she sighs; talk to her of love, she simpers ;. talk to her of art, she yawns ; talk to her of science, she goes to slee ; but talk to her of dress, and she will open her eyes and give you en tire attention of her ears. ". A manufacturer in Breslau has rcestly built at his factory a chimney over 50 fee in height entirely of paper. The blocks used in i's construction, instead of being. brick rr stone, were made ofdlayers of com pr seed paper, joined with a silicious cement. The advantages are the fire-prof .nature of the material, the minimum of d .nger from lightning, and great elasticity. A young fellow, whose heart was over flowing with poetry, song, and love, for a certain youthful damsel, took his guitar the other night, and creeping up under her window, ho began to sing, "I've. been waiting. I've been waiting," &c.;, and was putting in the pathos in a high key, when about two gallons of slops. des:ended upon him from a window'above, and he con cluded that he had been waiting about long enough, and "hooked it." Barl Poulett, who has at last bean forced to disown his nominal son and heir. Vis count Hinton, on the latter's arrest for wholesale swindling of tradesmen, is under. stood to contemplate'askiug the House of Lords to pass upon his son's legitimacy. The earl, when twenty-two years of age, won at the seaside a wager, made when intoxi cated, that he did not dare to marry an unfortunate girl, she dauehter of a pilot there. Six months after the marriage this Finton was born. The mother died in 1871. The earl has a son by a later marriage. There are still wailings among the cheer. ful, the chilly, and the convivial M.P.'s over the disappearance of Gossett's cosy little room. Soft and low, yet long they murmur. The House does not seem itself without this little temple to Bacchus and Liboertas, where the best stories went round, and the best whisky wa·s drunk, and the best jokes were made. But the Speaker and the new Ser geant.at- Arms were not favourable to the in stitution, and it has never been revived. Every now and then ' Chaplain " Byng pro vides a very modest substitute in his own room, which is received with due thankful nes'. The Alloera Guardias (Queensland) issued it last sheet on the 15th ins., after an existence of two and a half years. The following curious "finale" occurs in expl na tion of the rmason why the paper miust cease publication: "The Latest and Last. -Owingto a combination of adverse cir cumstances we have be-n compelled to mo:t reluctantly relingu:sh business in this town. As we have lost considerably by this insane speculation, it becomes with us an imperstsve necessity to collect all debts due to the ill starredl (rtur dianon the short-st time on record. Thus we confidently anticipate the ach cvemunt of this (to us) most laudabl object before we skip. We signlisoher heMjesty's sixty. seventh bir .day by departing from the scene of our labours, and we expect all our money into the hands of our creditors on the 22nd inst. Amenu,-D. MH, Comrne," 