BUTTER FACTORIES IN NEW SOUTH WALES. (Br Oub Ageicultobal Repobter.) TUB OMEGA FACTORY-BUTTER KEGS —SHIPPING BUTTER. In pursuing the journey along the Illawarra coast from Shoalhaven to Wollongong, the Omega Butter Factory is the first one that is met with. The Mittagong factory already described, beiug on the tableland through which the Southern railway line runs, has no connexion with the coast district, and, as it is intended mainly to absorb the spring sur plus of milk in connexion with the city supply, it differs from those which are estab lished entirely for the making of butter ail the year round. After passing Broughton Creek the road continues through excellent dairying country as thickly populated, and more ex tensively cleared and sown with grasses, as that towards Shoalhaven. One gets the impression that Kiama and Wollongong were the older settlements, and that inroads upon the newer country about Broughton Creek and Nowra had been made from the north ward. However this may be there is less uncleared forest and more continuous culti vated' pastures as we travel northward. At Gerringong, 10 miles from Broughton Creek, we get a view of the sea for the first time, although the road has not been many miles from the coast The country has been hilly all the way, and the main road, which is pretty well made, is not a £ood one for a heavy road- When the main road, vfith its deep cuttings, possesses so many steep fradieuts it is not surprising to find that utter from the hills and gullies on either side is often carried on pack-horses. About two miles past Gerringong, which- is a small township on the coast, and some three miles south of Kiama, the Omega Butter Factory is situated. The Omega Val ley, like Several others crossed on the way, is a well-grassed vale, extending from the mountains to the coast; On the Eat the soil is a deep alluvial deposit, and up the slopes and on the tops of the hills, which divide the valley from others on the north and south, the rich chocolate soil bears a close sward of cultivated pasture. The farms here are larger than the average, ranging from 200 to COO acres in extent ; and as they are generally freehold the homesteads are better. The improvements, however, are scarcely as good as would be found upon farms of equal value in Victoria. Between this point and Kinma, the principal port of the district, the country is very hilly, and the road, which is tortuous, consists of steep gradients, a fact which, no doubt, accounts for the existence of a village so close to the principal town and the .establishment of abutter factory within threelor four miles of the Pioneer factory, of Kiama. Omega has been the scene of an experiment similar to one tried in Victoria, with equally unsatisfactory results. The butter factory was originally intended for a milk-preserving establishment A company was formed, ana; the necMsary.plant obtained. • An expert was empioyedto manage the -process, and arcom menoemeutwaa made, with every prospect of: bUqccbs, hut the promoters were doomed to disappointment. The milk was found to be unsaleable,-Asit would not. keep, «nd the annoy wan found np.. ft will beobeerved __j'in. Victoria the attempt to establish tbta Imled Jbtmb the same cause* It in evldeiit'that the process is 'not Understood. Milk preserving would no doubt pay ifwe knew how to preserve milk, but we nave not so far been able to master the process. Since the failure of the milk-preserving experiment, the butter factory system has been intro duced, and as long as the profits of the butter business continue on the present scale there is not likely to be any farther attempt to inttodnce the new industry. Since the Cream separators and the fac tories have added from 3dL to 6& per lb. to the value of bntter, as"1 well' as increasing the yields of the dairies, farmers are not likely to seek for any other "outlet for their milk. The Fresh Food and Ice Company, which has done bo much for the Sydney milk supply as well as for the encouragement of butter factories, have purchased the Omega estab lishment. "While much of the plaht cannot be utilised for bntter making, the building serves well for the purposes of a butter fac tory. Although it has' been only a short time in existence, the Omega factory's bntter is already well known in the Sydney market, and previous to the time of my visit it "was fetching Cd. per pound above thfe price of good private dairy butter. While I Was in the district, however, the autumn' drought was at its'height, and the com pany were in' great Etiraits to supply its Sydney customers with milk. The whole of the milk was, therefore, being sent to Sydney by steamboat, and the three large Danish cream separators were for the time idle. Details have already been given of the company's system of contracting with the farmers for the supply of milk. Such con tracta had been entered into for the purpose of making butter, and, although tbe company could have put the milk to whatever pur pose they might choose, they raised the price when they began to send it to Sydney. The company had voluntarily raised the price a penny per gallon, a course which had done much to popularise the company in the dis trict Thus, the farmers who had contracted to supply at 8d. per gallon received 9dL per gallon. Having made a good beginning, and having an excellent district to operate upon, the Omega factory is likely to have a success ful career. . Dirty barrels and gin cases have long passed out of memory in the Illawarra dis trict Neither in the factories, in private: dairies, or in the Sydney warehouses did I see any of the unsightly and unsuitable packages which form the rule in Victoria Perhaps no country in the world producing so much butter as Victoria destroys such a large Quantity by vsing unsuitable packages. However, I have looked in vain in New South Wales, in New Zealand, and in America for any such disgusting sight as can be seen any day hi the Melbourne butter stores. The butter packages of Illawarra are clean casks .made of suitable wood, earthenware jars, and properly made butter boxes. The cask thatstalks the hatter, and the gin case that allows it to melt into cart grease, are not adopted. Jars are used in the Fresh Food and Ice Company's two factories, and at the Pioneer factory at Kiama. The large brown earthen ware jars hold 401b. of bntter, and they are ap preciated on account of being easily cleaned, and not being likely to discolour the butter. A pretty good supply of these jars is ob tainable, as they are used in immigrant ships for holding pickles or preserves of some Bort They are set in basket-work, which is good wbiie it lasts, but the jars are made use of long after the basket-work wears out The cost is sometimes as low as 4s. 6d- each, and at other times as high as 14s. At the Albion-park factory, and in a few private dairies, butter buckets imported from Ame rica by Mr. Dymmock are used. These are tin caus set in thin wooden buckets, and provided with a wooden lid, which is handily fastened by clasps. The American packages are suitable and very handy, being easily cleaned, and making the batter look well, but they are not so durable as the jars or the ordinary barrels. As the butter has to be sent by steamboat, and subjected to a deal of rough treatment, it is not expected that these buckets will last long, so that while some what cheaper than kegs at the outset will be dearer in the end. For journeys involving less rough treatment the American buckets could be recommended. Butter barrels of the ordinary kind are employed to some extent in the Albion- park factory, in private dairies, and by those dairymen who employ the cream- separator. As the butter made by farmers who use cream-separators ranks as " factory made" in the market, and fetches the same enhanced price, it cannot be said that there is any dif ference of price due to the packages in which the butter is sent out. The fact is, that the barrels generally in use are made of suitable wood, and kept clean, so that the butter reaches market iu good condition. The dairy men of Ill&warra; have long ago gone through the experience of using casks made of wood which stained the butter, and now no such barrels are employed. Fortunately, tbe forests in the mountains of the district yield a sufficient quantity of wood suitable for butter barrels. Tbe usual size of the barrel is to hold 601b. of butter, but some hold 801b., and the usual form is larger at the bottom than the top, with a wooden lid fixed on by a broad iron hoop. The timber most in favour is locally known as "Long Jack." It is the local beech, which grows in the mountains of Ulawarra, as well as along the northern rivers of the colony. It is a white wood, which is soft without being porous. It neither absorbs the oil from the butter nor givesoff colour or flavour. The casks are made in the district* and cost about 8s. Gd. each. As there is plenty of this wood in New South Wales there ought to be no difficulty in ob taining & supply of suitable butter barrels in Victoria. Tnere is very, little butter sent £rpm this district in prints. The printing is nearly all done by the retailers or agents in Sydney. . The few, however, who do send butter in prints take care to avoid the use of the kerosene box or gin case. A strong box, made of colonial beech or American wood, with a shelf for each layer or series of prints, is employed, and the butter reaches the msrket in excellent condition. In the stores of the Farmers' Co-operative Company in Sydney I saw a few of these boxes, and was informed that ti^e senders obtained a special price for their butter, equal to that of " factory made." It appears that even if we fail to take. advantages of many improve ments of the factory system, we can do much to improve the form in which we send our butter to market. All freight1 is sent by sea at present. A railway is now being made through the dis trict, and in the course of about a year the farmers will have the advantage of a railway. There will not only be a railway, but a rail way which will have to compete with . the steamboats, Mid this will no doubt give good results, for the management of the New South Wales railways has been as slow as the Victorian Railway, department or any other monopoly to -take wise measures iu ;the ii interest; of encouraging agricul tural < development tThe .railway will give quick and certain .communication, ana pmveut tkaproduoe oi the aoast from being abut out 9i (be m&et;, w it ww for oyer * weakduriiigibe storms of the present season. Butter Will, no doubt* be sent In prints more generally when the railway opens, and butter oozes of the kind describe will probably be come more common. For many years the dairymen of the coast had much to complain of in regard to their freight facilities, but lat terly things have much improved. The farmers are not yet satisfied with the ship ping company, but when the railway opens competition will do much to bring about a satisfactory state of things. Freights from Broughton Creek and Shoal haven are 2s. for a 601b. keg of butter and la 6d. for a 401b. keg. This represents the charges made by the boat, and to it has to be added the bringing of the butter to the ship. As many ofthefarmsareinisolatedvalieysand high hills have to be crossed, the cost of bringing the produce tp the boat is often con siderable. From Kiatna, the principal port on the coast, the freights hre about the same, but at Shell Harbour, the next port to the northward, the farmers have formed a co operative shipping company, with the result that butter is carried at Is. 3d. per keg. Be fore the cooperative company was formed the freight was 8s. per keg, but the company has paid large dividends, while reducing the freight It cost 6d. per. keg to carry the butter from the Albion Park factory to the Shell Harbour boat. The agents' charges in Sydney are fitu, which include commission, cartage from the boats, and all other items. The formation of a co-operative company to manage the marketing of batter and other produce has been highly successful, being a profitable undertaking, and resulting in more satisfactory prices being obtained. 