CHAMBER OF MANUFACTURES. The monthly meeting of the committee via held on Wednesday, December 1. There were present Messrs. A. Adamson (Vice President). A. W. Dobbie, J. J. Green. D. Gall, T. Baidy, L, Grayson, and J, F. (joni grave (Secretary). The letter of Messrs. J. Mosaop & Co. with reference to the light dnry upon soap which permitted the Victorian common soaps to come in and compete with the local article had keen re ferred to MesBra. W. H. Burford and Sons, who replied, strongly urging a uniform tariff with Victoria as to the line. At pre sent South Australian manufacturers were prohibited by the Victorian tariff from send ing their soap to that colony, but Victorian soaps were admitted here. The Secretary to acknowledge the receipt, and inform Messrs. Mossop & Co. that their representation will be considered in the event of any amendment of the tariff being proposed to Parliament. Several letters from gentlemen in Victoria were read acknowledging with thauks the receipt of copies of the report of the com mittee of the Chamber to V ictoria. A letter was read from the Sydne Chamber of Commerce acknowledging the receipt oi the resolution of the Chamber to the effect that ocean steamers should be nrged to obtain their supplies from the colonies more than is done at present, and stating that the Chamber is not disposed to interfere with the movements of proprietors of steamships trading with the colonieB. A letter was read from the Adelaide Chamber of Commerce, expressing sympathy with the objects of the resolution, and pointing out that the principle therein enunciated was already carried out to a very large extent (and would probably increase rather - than diminish) in the matter of meat, vege tables, flour, and coals, which of course com prised a large proportion of the total con sumption. A letter was read from Mr. G. Ferguson, Secretary S.A. Corn Trade Association, drawing attention to the proposed reciprocal treaty between Victoria and Queensland, and pointing oat the importance of taking some decisive steps in this matter with a view to tecnre the Queensland market for South Aus tralian breadstuff's, biscuits, jams and pre serves, wine, and other proauots. It was resolved that Messrs. Adamson, Green, Hardy, aud Grayson, ana the Secretary be a sub-committee to confer with the Corn Trade Association and the Chamber of Commerce on the 8ubject. The following letter from Mr. F. W. Hicks with reference to native bread, samples of which had been sent to the Chamber, was read, viz." Re the correspondence as published in last week's Obntrver in the report of the Chamber's meeting on the subject of 'native bread.' Mr. Schomburgk says without the flowers and leaves he is unable to determine it. I believe Cr. Schomburgk haE two or three plants, roots, and ball of bread complete is Mb collection of fungi in the Museum of Economio Botany. They were supplied by Mr. G. 15. Hicks, Balaklava, some hve years ago, where they are to be found in thonsands alter a bash .fire, as also in numerous other places, including most parts of Kangaroo Island. The plant is in appearance a good deal like a mushroom, but of a harder and coarser nature, and is perforated on the nnder side with an immense number of small holeB instead of leaves like the real mushroom. The mass known sb native bread is found ad hering to the root or stem, Bometimrs three or four being attached to the one nUi.t. It is generally of a very gritty nature,"although it is sometimes found like compressed bran, and at others like sawduBt, with white Btreaks a good deal like mnshroom spawn permeating the whole lump. The lumps, or loaves, are to be found in the scrub sandhills many feet below the Burface, and as bard as stone, and are known to many people who are ignorant of the origin as devil's dung. Four years, or perhapB five, I myself obtained a live specimen in an early stage of development, and placed it in the hands of the fore man of the Botanic Gardens, who said he would give it his attention. The aborigines call the bread toori. Down here on the barren ironstone hills and table lands it Is often fonnd formed almost entirely of small ironstone pebbles. They grow in all sorts of soils, but are most numerous after a bush fire, those found in very rich soil being the freest from grit." To be acknowledged with thanks. The Secretary reported that he had been summoned to attend a meeting of the Stores Commission and give evidence, but the notice was too short to enable him to consult the committee as to the tenor of the evidence he should give. He, however, read a report of the evidence given by him, which was. iplicvid. A Nonconformist College.—The Non -confoi niiaiB have opened their College at Oxford (savB the Argus London correspondent writing on October 22), which is to prevent the .absorption of young men by the Chnroh *of England, of which complaint has so long been secretly made. At present Mansfield •Colbge is in temporaiy quarters, butasnmof £25,000 is to be spent in giving it a permanent borne. Principal Fairbairn, of Aire College, haB been transfeired to Oxford, _ and there can be no doubt that under his guidance the College will prosper. The students, whilst taking the greater part of their divinity couite at the College, will also be able to attend certain theological lectureB in the University, and will have full access to all the secular studies of the place. A Curious Case of Deoeftion, — A strange c&Be; was recently heard in the Marl borough Btreet Police Court of a young girl who bad acted as porter to a tradesman in the Burlington Arcade, attired in boy's clothes (says the Melbourne Age). It seems that she deceived every one with great success, onelad recounting friendly interviews at which they had smoked together. The girl is remanded on a charge of theft, and some difficulty arose as to whether she should go to Holloway in her proper coBtume or in disguise. If the story told by the mother is true, it is a very touching one. She Baid that her daughter supported the whole family, bringing all her earnings home, and that she had found it impossible to earn anything as ong as she was known to be a girl. Way College.—The friends of the .Prin cipal-elect of this College, Mr. W. G. Torr sayB the T.P. Advertiser), will be glad to | know that he has entered on his work at i Oxford. Be commenced his studies on Octo ber 14 at the Students' Delegacy, Clarendon Buildings, under the lectureship of Mr. Walter Gordon, M.A, and under the direc tion of the Rev. W. W. Jackson, M.A., Fellow of Exeter College. This course waB suggested to Mr. Torr by Professor Jowett, the Vice-Chancellor of the University and Head Master of Balliol College. With such au atmosphere of learning about him we shall ! not be surprised to hear that Mr. Torr makeB rapid strides in his studies. Irish National League.—A meeting of ] the Irish National League was held at the rooms, Victoria-square, on Monday evening, Mr. W. Dixon presided o vera large attendance of members. The President referred to the recent victory achieved by the National party at Derry and Belfast, and stated that this was only one of the many instances o -injustice done to the Irish people in the past. Several members referred to the advisability of having steps taken to secure suitable insignias for the use of the members. A committee was appointed to give the sug gestion practical effect. The Bon. Secretary (Mr. P. Whelanl was instructed to com municate with the centres of the farming -districts, with a view to arrange depots for J receiving hags of wheat in aid of the Irish Evicted Tenants' Fund. Mr. W. D. Fisher.—Our obituary columns contain notice of the death on December 2 in Melbourne of Mr. William Dundas Fisher, fourth son of the late Sir James Hurtle Fisher, of South Australia. The deceaeed gentleman was well known by a large number of people here. Many years of his life were passed in this colony, where he waB engaged in pastoral pursuits. Like other members of the family he took a great in terest in the affairs of the turf. Several | years ago he went to Victoria. I.O.G.T.—A meeting of the Executives of | both Grand Lodges of Good TemplarB in South Australia was held in the Grote-streec Rechabite Hall on Tuesday evening, Decem ber 7, to consider details in connection with the recent amalgamation of the two Orders throughout the world, which was decided upon by a special committee of repre sentatives in Boston, Mass., in Septem ber last. Brother G. Howell presided, and expressed his pleasure at meeting so many members of the Grand Lodges. The G.V . Secretary (Brother W. W. Winwood) read official pamphlets and correspondence received from the Right Worthy Grand Lodge of England. Brother W. B. Stephens, G.W.C.T., moved—" That this meeting, con sisting of members of the two Grand Lodges | in South Australia, expresses its pleasure at the receipt of pamphlets and official docu ments containing a record of the proceedings of tbe Conference held in Boston re the I reunion of the two Orders, and re joices that tbe basis of union hac been arranged for, and desires to adopt the sug gestions of the Conference for reunion of the two Orders in South Australia." The motion was carried unanimously. Brother A. J Barnes was deputed to prepare a full report of the proceedings of tne Conference held at Boston and the amalgamated execu tive meeting for publication and distri bution amongBt the various Lodges. It was resolved that the two executives arrange for a united demonstration to be held in the city early next year, and that alloldmembers of the Order be invited to attend. It was then | decided—" That this meeting urge upon the members of both branches of the Order to cnltivate friendly relations, and endeavour to visit each other as much as possible, pending the reunion, and that a circular to this effect be issued to subordinate Lodges, signed jointly by the G. W. Secretaries." A resolution was passed that the two Grand Lodges meet as usual and adjourn till such time as might be agreed upon by the two bodies. """Palmerston and Pine Creek Railway. —Work has not made very great progress along the line as yet (says the Aforth Aus tralian), principally owing to the want of plant, but pow that the Armistice haB arrived matters should improve in this particular. When the S. F. Hersey, which is expected daily, arrives operations should be soon in full swing, and very vigorous operations and rapid progress take the place of the present leisurely style of work. Roughly speaking, it may be said that a good deal of work iB in progress between Palmerston and Mitchell Creek, 15 miles out. The line is cleared of ] timber from Palmerston to the Adelaide River, excepting here and there where there is a chain or two requiring finishing to clear np a contract, but the logs nave yet to be hauled clear of the line from the Twelvemile out. A -contract for this work has been let to Mr. J. McKallam, who commences work at once. There are no Enropeans employed on day work excepting mechanics, t.e., blacksmiths and carpenters, gangers ana teamsters. The Chinamen are working the cuttingB; in some of them no horses are used, the cutting being kept free by means of hand-carts, carrying about half a yard of spoil each, which are worked by one or two Chinamen, who ran them to the dumping place on planks. They are worked on the same plan as a tip-dray. Europeans are employed on pieoework where the embankments are to be made from side-cuttiDgs, and some patches, ranging up to 4 feet in height, are already completed. "Rough on Piles."—Why suffer Piles? I Immediate relief and complete cure guaran- I teed. Ask for " Rough on PileB." Sure cure for itching, protruding, bleeding, or any form of Piles. 303v The Stamp Doties.—On Tuesday mom" ing Mr. C- Todd, C.M.G., tbe Post master- General, showed a representative of this paper the machines, dies, &c.;, used in the production of stamps for the collection of the duties authorized by the House last session, and which came into operation on Monday. Mr. Todd first denied the aocuraoy of tbe statements made in the papers that while he was in Melbourne he purchased stamp machinery that could be made here as well aB in the other colony. He bought no stamp-embossing machines at all; all that he did was to examine the appliances for the production of duty stamps at the Govern ment Printing Office, Sands & McDougall's, and the General Post-Office, and price them. He made enquiries sb to the cost of the machinery in connection both with the stamps and postal notes, but did nothing further. On the contrary, he intends to get everything that can be produced bought in the colony, and as a matter of fact the dies have been obtained and are being made in Adelaide. With a view to economy the dies for tbe higher value ad valorem stamps will be movable blocks and figures, so as to admit of various prices being inserted in the die Not only has this been found very economical, but tbe Commissioner of Stamps and the Postmaster-General concur that they will be very effective. Before he went to Melbourne Mr. Todd arranged for cheques being sent to the Post-Office to be embossed, and up to Monday night no fewer than 518,000 were dealt with, the greatest number embossed in any one day being 51,000. All this was done with two embossing machines worked by hand. In Melbourne they have a very pretty double action embossing machine for Id. stamps, which is driven by a gas-engine. As the number of Id. stamps that will be used is very considerable it is probable that a similar machine will be found deairable bore. In addition to the cheques embossed 2,886 bills of lading and a small number of promissory-notes to the stamp values of 3s. 6d. were dealt with. When in England Mr. Todd got from Messrs. De Lame, in London, a very nice design for postage and revenue stamps. By means of an overprint plate these stamps can be printed for any value. The stamp is first printed by an electrotype-plate, and the place for tbo amount ie left vacant, but the overprint fills that in for any amount up to £1. The adhesive stamps thus specially printed (though any ordinary postage stamp can be used ior payment oi the stamp duty) are twice the length of an ordinary postage stamp, and contain the Queen's head. They arc coloured differently according to their value, 2s. 6d. stamps being mauve, 5s. pink, 10s. green, 15s. orange, £1 blue, £2 brown, £2 10s. red, £3 olive green, £1 yellow, £5 carmine, £10 lavender. £15 silver bronze, and £20 gold bronze. In cases where uneven amounts are required the dies, which have been cut by Mr. Karg, have been arranged with movable type up to any amount. The dies for embossing are pointed oval, with the crown on top. The force, or counterpart of the die, iB made of leather, with a thin covering of indiarubber, which prevents cutting. Up to four cheques can be stamped at a time by tbe machines in use, but to get through the enormous amount of work that has been done during the last few weeks the employes have been working overtime. Ae may be imagined many of the stamps are exceedingly pretty; the embossed ones are very neat. The Largest Steameb at Port Ade laide. — At 11 o'clock on Tuesday morn ing there arrived at No. 1 Quay the largest steamer which has visited the Port wharfs. In October last the s.b. Port Pirie was entitled to this distinction, and tbe local Mayor and Corporation very fittingly recognised the event by visiting that vessel, thoroughly inspecting her splendid proportions ~ and appoint ments, and subsequently entertaining J hospitably her captain, who responded by characterizing tbe facilities of the harbour as of first-rate order. Captain McKeDzie, of the s.e. Hankow, of the Anglo Australian Line, is now, however, entitled to the premier position as commander of the largest steamer yet at the Port. The Han kow's measurements are 407 feet over all, 389 feet in length of keel, as against the Port Pirie's 353 feet; her beam is 42 ft. 1 in., compared with the latter's 39 feet; while the Hankow's depth of hold is 28 ft. S in., compared with 27 feet for tbe Pirie. The latter's registered tonnage is 2,039, as agaiust the Hankow's 2,332. The Hankow thus exceeds in registered tonnage j either the Salier, HohenBtaufen, Hohen zollern, or Bababurg, of the North German Lloyd's Line, the nearest approach to her of I the four being the Habsburg with 2,133. Of the P. & O. steamers the Cathay, Ganges, Indus, Khedive, Pekin, Peshawur, Rohilla, Rosetta, Shannon, Sutlej, and Thames have all a smaller registered tonnage; of the Orient Line theChimborazo. Cuzco, Garonne, and LuBitania exceed the Hankow by from 93 tons in the LuBitania to 136 tons only in the Garonne. Of the Messageries Line the Cale donien, Sydney, Oceauien, Yarra,andSalazie exceed tne Hankow in registered tonnage from 342 to 362 tons each only. Including that already on board, the Hankow will take hence for tne January Bales over 12,060 bales of wool. Visitors of the Wrong Sort.—We have been informed that during the last week a ] number of thieves and sharpers from Mel bourne and Sydney have arrived in this city. This being the case, the public would do well to be on the lookont to see that they are not victimized. Royal Society.—The ordinary monthly meeting of the Royal Society was held at the Art Gallery on Tuesday evening. ProfesBor Rennie presided, and there was a fair atten dance of members. Several specimens of the fauna and flora of Kangaroo Island, and a large and probably new specimen of the spectre insect from the Whittata in the North were shown by Mr. J. G. O. Tepper, who gave an interesting description of the same. Dr. Stirling announoed a recent dis covery which had settled a somewhat vexed qnestion as to the generation of the kangaroo, and proved the utter fal lacy of the popular notion that the kangaroo was generated in the pouch. The Chairman congratulated Dr. Stirling on his biological discovery. Mr. J. E. Zeitz exhibited a new species of hermit crab, together with its burrow, discovered at Eaithburgh. The Rev. W. fiowchia readau interesting paper on the geological formation of the new graving dock at Port Adelaide, for which he received the thanks of the Society. The Chairman addressed the meet ing on methods for testing petroleum, and pointed out the necessity for testing petro leum oils in this colony. Wells' Hair Balsam.—If grey, restores to original colour. An elegant dressing, softens and beautifies. No oil nor grease. A tODic restorative. Stops hair coming out strengthens, cleanses, heals scalp. 303v Supbeme Coubt.—The Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Bundey sat as the Pull Court on Tuesday, December 7, and disposed of two cases. Judgment was delivered in the recently argued case of Brown v. Brown and Mount which involved the construction of the very ambiguous will ot the late Andrew Brown, of Rocky River, the dispntants being the widow and the brother of the deceased. The decision was that, both as to the real and personal estate, the widow takes the estate for her life only, and the brother a life interest in remainder, liable to to be divested in the event of his death before the testator's widow. A decree absolute was granted in the matrimonial suit of Wooley v. Wooley. A morion was brought on by Dr. Smith in connection with the case of CorniBh v. Cargeee, arising from the plaintiff having made execution againBt the defendant for the recovery of the amount dne on the contraot for the sale of fifty Commercial Bank shares, bnt after a brief discussion the matter was adjourned until Tuesday next, when the appeal will also be heard. The Stamps Act in Operation.—A Gazette Extraordinary was issued on Monday, De cember 0, containing the regulationsof the new Stamps Act, with the schedule, &c;,, attached. Nearly 250,000 cheques have been already impressed with the penny stamp. At the Stamp Duty Office there is a good deal of work m hand, yet things are running smoothly. The impressed stamp is a very neat design, circular in form, ana about the size of a crown. It bears the words "South Aus tralia duty stamp" ,on the edge, and the value across the centre, with the crown aQd "V. R." Owing to want of time, expediency had to be resorted to, aad the idea of having one die with movable amounts inserted was acted upon. Accord ingly there is only one die, in the centre of which blocks are placed with the various amounts as needed. This baB resulted in a considerable saving, as in Melbourne no fewer than 80 dies are being used, and it was considered impossible to carry out the idea that is in operation here. The movable blocks are local work by Mr. L. Karg. The City Council.—The first meeting of tlie new City Council took place on Monday, when every member was present, with the exception of Alderman Kitber. Immediately on assembling the Council considered the question of the Mayor's allowance for the coming year. Mr. Smith retired, and his place was taken by Alderman Tomkinson, Alderman Bullock proposed that it should be £1,000, and the motion was ultimately passed on the casting-vote of the Chair man. Councillor Fuller endeavoured to get the Council to fix the salary at £600, but failed to secure a majority. Mr. Fuller urged that if £1,000 were conceded to Mr. Smith future Mayors would have good cause to feel hurt if their salary was reduced. He intimated his intention, if the amendment waB carried, to move for a special grant of £400 for the year in consideration of the great expense which will fall on the Mayor's shoulders during the jubilee year. All of _ the permanent committees were ap pointed and other formal business was transacted before the Council adjourned to the Banqueting - room, where the two toasts in memory of the late Colonel Light and Sir George Kingston were drunk in silence. It has been the custom for a great many years after the first meeting of a new Council to drink to the memory of Colonel Light, who was the first Surveyor General of the colony. The Corporation bowl, wbish is used on this occasion only, is a masBive silver article about 130 years old. In addition to the Councillors several rate payers were present at Monday's ceremony. Blind and Deaf and Dumb Institution, — A meeting of the committee of this institution was held at the office of the Hon. John Colton, M.P., Waymouth- etreet, on Friday. December 3, when there were present Mr James Scott (in the chair), Sir William Milne, Hon. John Colton, M.P., Hon. H. Scott, M.L.C., Mr. E. T. Smith, M.P. (Mavor of Adelaide), Mr. William Kay, J.P., Mr.'G. W • Hawkes, S.M,» and the Secretary (Mr. Roffe Searcy). The Superintendent reported that Gilbert Guthrie, aged 10 years, deaf mute, and Rebecca Diggins, aged 18 years, j deaf, who were passed tor admission on No vember 5, were admitted on the 15th and 22nd ultimo respectively; also that the con tract for forming and metalling the road from the Main Brighton-road to the institution was proceeding satisfactorily. The report of the ninth meeting of the LadieB' Committee held on November 30, when there were pre sent Mrs. Kay, Mrs. William Kither, Mrs. Sauerbier, and Mrs. Townseud, was received and read, it was unanimously resolved, on the motion of Mr. Hawkes, seconded by the Hon. J, Colton, that a letter of condolence be sent to Mrs. Thomas King expressing regiet at the death of her husband, who was a member of the committee at the time ot his death, and had held that position for many years. It was proposed by Mr. William Kay, seconded by Mr. E. T. Smith and carried unanimously, that Alderman Kither be nominated to fill the vacancy in the committee caused by the death of Mr. Thomas King. J.P. The Superintendent re ported that the Roman Catholic Bishop of Adelaide visited the institution on the 12th ult., when he expressed himself pleased with the institution, and with the in telligence of the pupils. The Superintendent further reported that Mr. Prior (a local resi dent) had kindly given the ubo ot a paddock of 9 aereB, on which is growing a crop of oats, for the cows to graze in until he requires it next eeason. This is a valuable gift, more especially at this time of the year, and the committee desire to acknowledge the same with many thanks. The Hon. S. Tomkin son, M.L.C., wrote stating thathe was com pelled to resign his seat as a member of the committee and Treasurer of the institution, which the committee much regret. It was unanimously resolved that Mr. G. W. Hawkes S.M. (Acting Treasurer during Mr. Tomkin son's absence from the colony), be appointed Treasurer. The draft annnal report prepared by the Bub- committee appointed at the pre vious meeting was read and adopted, on the motion of the Hon. H. Scott, seconded by Mr. Hawkes. The number of inmates at pre sent is forty-three, and eight former inmates are at the North Adelaide Institution, being instructed in basket and brush making, &c.; A sixth payment of £33015s. to the contractor for the completion of the "Anderson Wing', was approved of on the Architect's certificate. The Secretary reported that since last meet ing he had received the Bum of £16 4b. as sub scription, and £10 on account of maintenance of some of the inmates. Mr. J. H. Angas wrote, stating that on account of Mb absence in the North he would be unable to attend the meeting. Bank balance current account debtor, £299 19s. 9d. Accounts passed for payment, £15616s. 7d., in which is included the cost of maintenance of eight young per sons, six male and two female, now at the Industrial School for the Blind, North Ade laide. " Rough on Rats."—Clears out rats, mice, roaches, flies, ante, bed-bugs, beetles, insects, skunks, jack-rabbits, sparrows, gophers. At chemists and druggists. 393y Assigned Drapery Estate. — Tenders were called recently for the stock in the assigned estate (valued at £32,420 15j. 9d.) of Haslam Brothers & Wilson, wholesale ware housemen, and five offers were received by the trustees. That of Messrs. D. & W. Mun ay has been accepted. Working Men's Association. — At_ a meeting held in the Working Men's Associa tion Hall, Fort Adelaide, on Monday even ing, the sum of £10 was granted in aid of the coopers out on strike. All the laws for form ing the Maritime Coonoil were passed as read. The Wants of Southern Yobke's Peninsula. — On Tuesday morning Mr. R. Caldwell, M.P., presented to the Commissioner of Crown .Lands a peti tion from residents in the north end of the Hundred of Cunningham, the south end of the Hundred of Tipara, the south-west corner of the Hundred of Clinton and the Township of Price, re questing that about 20 chains of the boundary-road between Clinton and Cunningham, along the boundary of Section 449, Hundred of Clinton and the south boundary of Section 446, might be made. The road reterred to was tne direct one to market, and £100 would put it in good order, and enable the farmers to take full loads to market. The Commis sioner promised to consider the request. Mr. R. Caldwell presented a further petition from the farmers of Clinton, Cunningham, Maitland, and Tipara, deploring the great hardships they had to suffer through the want of water, and urging the Commissioner of Crown Lands to have a bore put down on the Winulta Reserve to meet the immediate requirements of the district. _ The Commis sioner of Crown Lands promised to get a report on the subject. Hindmarsh Corporation.—On Monday afternoon, in the Council Chamber, Mr. P. B. Coglin, M.P., was sworn in as Mayor of the Town of Hindmarsh by Dr. J. ReeB, J.P., the retiring Mayor, who enrobed bis successor with the Mayoral gown, escorted him to the chaw, ana congratulated His Worship on his election. Councillor King added that he had known Mr. Coglin for fifty years, and was confident that he would perform tlie duties of the office with credit to bimBelf and to the best interests of the town. Councillor Wright said be bad been sorry at the election of Mr. Coglin aB Mayor because he had thought that Councillor Gould deserved that honour; but as Coun cillor for Brompton Ward he should give him every support in the discharge of his duties. Councillors Vardon, Gould, and James also congratulated His Worship on his assumption of office. His Worship said, in reply, that he was pleased to hear so many encouraging remarks from those with whom he would have to work during his erm of office. He had been placed there by the intelligence of the ratepayers, and with out the least animosity between him and his opponent (Councillor Gould), When asked to stand be had seriously debated the taking of a trip to England, but he had decided to contest the election. Now he would do his best to forward their interests as their Mayor. Messrs. H. W. James and W. Shearing were sworn in as Councillors of Bowden and Bromuton Wards respectively, and Mr. A. K. Emery took the oath as Auditor. Broken Hill Specimens.—In the Ade laide Museum may now be seen a case of specimens from the Broken Hill Mine. They were presented by the Manager, Mr. S. R. Wilson. In the collection are some samples of kaolin ore, giving 6,986 oz. of silver to the ton. The case has to be covered, as the light | discolours the specimens, therefore visitors inspecting should be careful to shut down the lid when satisfied. Earthquake at Caltowie.—Our Cal towie correspondent on December 6 wired " A shock of earthquake was distinctly felt here at 3 o'clock this morning." Public Schools' Savings Banks.—The Minister for Public Instruction informs us (says the Sydney Daily Telegraph) that, is response to circulars sent by his department to the various public schools in the colony on the subject of the establishment of Savings Banks in the schools on and after January 1 next, a considerabie number of teachers have during tbe past few days sent in applications to be permitted to apply the proposal to their believed f schools, and it is believed that the project will become a great success. The circulars were accompanied by full instructions for carrying out the plan. Amongst other things it stated that in France these Banhs have been thoroughly established as national institutions. The report of the Minister for Public Instruction for 1885 shows that they | numbered 23,222. This means that upwards of 23,000 principal teachers in France are freely devoting themselves to the interesting task of teaching the children thrift. In England there are now 2,046 School Banks in operation, in regard to which teachers have never experienced any inconvenience managing them. Immigration and Emigration.—During the week ended December 4 the number of persons who arrived by sea from other ports at Port Adelaide was 945. Of these 723 came from Melbourne, 113 from New South Wales, 82 from Albany, and 27 from Port Darwin. During tbe same period 783 persons left Port Adelaide for other ports by similar means. Of this number 7 went to London, 741 to Melbourne, 2 to Hongkong, 30 to New South Wales, and 3 to Queensland. This is a gain to tbe colony of 162. South Australian Workmanship.—Her Royal Highness the Princess of Wales having recently been pleased to accept a copy of MisB Keith Sheridan's "Translations from tbe Danish," it ma; be interesting to learn that not only did the translations emanate from South Australia, but that the binding of the presentation volume was of Adelaide workmanship. S.A. Teachers Association.—The ordi nary monthly meeting of this Association was I held in the Grote-street School on Saturday morning, Mr. Smyth, B.A., in the chair. Mr. Wittber, of tbe Bnrra School, occupied over half an hour with a class of small children, whom he instructed in the phonetic style of teaching. His lesson was confined to the word " nest," and the manner of imparting knowledge to the pupils phonetically ap peared to have a good. effect upon the children. Several of those present partly approved of the principle, but others ob jected to it for - various reasons. Mr. Wittber, in reply, defended the style of teaching, and was accorded a hearty vote of thanks. Mr. Kennedy's paper on "Art Education" was to have come on for dis cuBBion. It was resolved—" That a com mittee, consisting of Messrs. J. T. Symth, W. J. Kennedy, George Gill, W. L. Seale, and C. B. Whillas, with power to add to their number, should be appointed to discuss the various systems of teaching elementary drawing, so that one, or a modification of one, may be recommended for adoption in our schools." "Rough on Corns."—Ask for Wells' "Roughon CornB." Quick relief, complete permanent cure. Corns, warts, bunions. At | chemists and druggists.. River News.—Oar Wentworth correspon dent on December 4 writes" The barge Elsie, in tow of the steamer Boarke, with Marra greasy wool, snagged near Avooa on Tnursday last, bnt was prevented from sink ing. She arrived here last night with 250 bales damaged. The wool will be ooursed here. _ There was a nice rain last night, and more is threatening." A Wild White Man.—The Thargomindah Herald writes:—"Mr. L. Ffrench, who arrived here the other day from the Northern Territory, en route for Adelaide, informed as that the blacks on Alice Dowdb reported to him that a white man, who has been living with them for some years, is now ' running' in that district near the South Australian Border. He is said to have become as wild as the natives them selves, and to have entirely forgotten his native tongne. Mr. Ffrench endeavoured to find the man, bnt failed in the attemrt, and pressure of business did not permit him to make a lengthy search. He will, however, forward a report to the proper authorities on his arrival in Adelaide." The Premier's Visit to Melbourne.— The Attorney-General (Hon. J. W. Downer), who represented the colony at the Postal Conference held in Melbourne, returned to Adelaide on Saturday, night. The Premier thought it was .inadvisable to make public the deciBionB of the Conference at the present juncture, but the basis on which an attempt will be made to conduot the mail service between the colonieB and Europe is simply that the service will be at no substantial cost to the colonies. While he was in Melbourne Mr. Downer had several conversations with the Victorian Premier with respect to the disputed territory question. Mr. Downer hopes that the case to be submitted to the Privy Council will soon be ready. He was further informed that Messrs. Chatfey Brothers, who have been in treaty with the Government to cany out extensive irrigation works in Victoria, will visit this colony shortly to see if they can come to terms with our Government for extensive works of a similar kind heTe. Commercial Bane of South Australia. —We have been informed that it is the in tention of the liquidators of the Commercial Bank of South Australia to seek power from the Supreme Court to pay another dividend of Is. in the pound. This will bring the amount paid up to 15s. The dividend, which will be payable on December 13, will amount to between £46,000 and £17,000. It will be seen that the Directors when this dividend is paid will within ten months have paid three-fourths of the liabilities without injuriously affecting the securities or pressing the shareholders. The latest isBue of the European Mail writes" Lords Justices Fry and Bowen have very properly refused an application by Mr. John Beck for leave to appeal—especially after the period for so doing had expired—from an order made by Mr. Justice North on January 8 for the winding-up of the Commercial Bank of South Australia. It will be remembered that Mr. Justice North made a winding- up order in the common form, though he was urged to limit the operation of the order to the English creditors and English assets. The object of the proposed appeal was to limit the liquidators proceeding in this country to getting in the assets here, the satisfying of the English creditors, ana the payment over of the surplus, if any, to the Australian liquidators, Their Lordship?,"in refusing the application with costs, held that the applicant had failed to show that any injustice would result to him, or to those he represented, by hiB not being able to appeal from original order, or to explain satisfac torily his delay in making the application. If the chief clerk had given any directions which were inconsistent with the view ex pressed by Mr. Justice North, the proper course waB to apply to that learned Judge." Death of an Old Colonist.—On Sunday morning, December 5, another old ana respected colonist passed away in the person of Mrs. Elizabeth Patient Burrowes, widow of the late Mr. John Burrowes, who carried on business in Hindley-street as a watch maker for many years, Mrs. Burrowes had been a resident in the colony for thirty-five years, the last few of which she spent at the Semaphore. The deceased lady, who was 61 years of age, leaves three children, all re sident in the colony. Stamps on Cheques.—As we understand that there is still some misapprehension as to the proper way to cancel adhesive stamps on cheques, we again quote the clause of the Act" Any instrument upon which the duty is required or permitted by law to be denoted by an adhesive stamp shall not be deemed duly stamped unless the person re quired by law to cancel such adhesive stamp snail cancel the same by_writing on or across each stamp bis name or initials, or the name or initials of his firm, together with the trne date ot his so writing, so that the stamp uiay be effectually cancelled and rendered in capable of being uBed for any other instru ment." Queen Permanent Building and Invest ment Society.—The thirty-first half-yearly meeting of this Society was held at the office, Howell's Corner, on Tuesday evening, December 7. Mr. W. Johnson presided, and the attendance w&b; large. The report of the Directors, which was adopted, on the motion of the Chairman, secondeiqby Mr. G. Denness, contained the following:—"Your Directors are gratified in being able to state that although the profitB for the half-year have been appreciably affected by the prevailing stagnation in all channels of trade, they are in a position to advise that the profit avail able for division is £1,124 10s. 8£d., which permitB of 4b. being allotted on shares Bix months old, an addition of £85 to the Reserve Fund (which now amounts to £360), leaving a balance to be carried forward of £116 3s. 8|d. During the half-year the Directors have spe cially inspected those properties that have fallen into the Society's hands, and after taking into consideration the depreciated value of property in general, are pleased to report that the advances thereon are un doubtedly below their present value, and upon the return of more prosperous times no difficulty should be experiecced in realizing sufficient to fully cover the Society's claims." Messrs. G. H. Ayliffe, J. McKirdy, and W. JobnBon were elected Directors, and Messrs. T. Godlee and J. N. Taylor Auditors. The Silverton Tramway.—Mr. W. J. M, Woolley, of the firm of Doswell, Woolley, and Co., has secured a contract from the Directors of the Silverton Tramway Company to survey the line from the South Australian Border via Silverton to the Broken Hills. The distance is about 33J miles, and the ne 3 ft. 6 in. Mr. Woolley, who expects e engaged upon the works about ten weeks, and intends starting in a few days, is not unfamiliar with the country, having reported upon the Carrieton and Urroroo routes to Silverton for the South Australian Government when the rival routes were under consideration some two and a half years ago, " Buchu-Paiba."—Quick, complete cure, all annoying kidney, bladder, and urinary diseases. At chemists and druggists, F. H. Fauldiog & Co,, Agents, delaide. 303v 