Released from Peel iBland. The D&runda; in Port. ApTbb five'WBoks' incarceration on Poel Island the Doronda passengers and immigtants were robaseA from confinement on Saturday. The niatory of their voyago is protey well known, and the ciroumstancesthat ueocseitated their beisg quarantined aro equally public. Tho Borunda's voyage was smofit saccossful one im'fc! the cholera broka out after leaving Coolttown. Then oommonced a leag series of i Island. Opinions appearto diffor rs to what form of'iiholera it wnsthit broke ontnn board. The first indication of it was pudden and fatal. A. man was oloaning out one of the baths wl-en lie wa l suddenly ?attaeked with diarrhcoi, and ?by night he *es doad. This was safidan enough to causo Borne little alarm at anyrato, and whon more people' woro taken ill matterj began to look serious, and tho passeLgors com menced tonflk what waB tho matter, and what would bo'tho consequences. Captain Savers is of opinion that timidity on the pirt of Borne of those on board oausod the disease to spread some whataoro than it wouldhavedone. Bathat as it may, it gradually did spread until, when TownsvUlo was reached, the Eigns of oholora wefo very apparent. , What 'happened at Townsvillo is well known to tho goueral public. Tho health- officer thoco boarded tho ship, and in his opinion the disease was cholera.' The ihip was at once quarantined and the yellow flag wont up. Then came the question as to wheflier thoTasBengers should be landed at Mognetio Island, or brought down to Peel Island so as 'to bo near Brisbane and tho authorities. The Government or ratbor the Premier^ deoided that it would be bettor for the passenger* to come on to Brisbane, and accordingly orders were iESuod to the efleot, and tho ill-fated ship proceeded on her voyago down UiecoaBt. It is as well that she did eo. One of the saloon passengers states that if they nad been lanaea ac magnetic isiana, wnut with tho olimate fnd state of tbs place, not onf - haTf of 'the people would have left it nlivo. With regard to the wires from Townavillo, that tho people wero ipanic- stricken, it is now stated that Buoh was not the case, for thoy were all leaning over the side o the ship -laughing and talking. These rumours he considers, had a detrimental effect towards the condition of the. passengors, for they excited the Brisbano popple wildly against tbera, and oreated - somewhat of a scare - that would otherwise have been avoided. When tho people heard at Townsville that it was undecided --an to whether thoy should laud at Magnetic IsUnd or not, then they began to be somewhat afraid, and a alight feeling of uncertainty came over them. Our informant says-that heioolred at his family and wondered if thoy wore landed -there whioh of his young ones would bo taken first, Bnd this appears 1 5 have beon the general feeling. The aotion of the Premier in ordering the vessel to come down the ooast wa? warmly approved of, and it has been distinctly proved that he was correot in his oaloulation. After leaving Townsville the -vessel came'downtheooast, and eoou the arrived iu the Bay, and was then taken to Feel Island.. Here all the passengers were landed, and then the sentence of banish ment from civilisation commenced. The Dorunda lay-to off the island, a solitary look ing object, and the dejeoted passengers had to make the best they could Of -a bad job. From information gathered from various souross, it appears that the life on Peel Island was not what might bo described as a bed of roses, but decidedly a bed of thorns, -and pretty sharp ones too. ' ' Wo were put ashore and left to get on the beat way weoould. Solong as wo wero out of the way it did not nppear to matter to anyone, ' said one passenger. Thio is not only his solitary opinion, but it ij tho opinion of many others. From all accounts the accommodation en Peel Is land is moat inadoqaato for a largo number of people, and the arrangements are of the ?rudest description. The people were f eparatod .certainly. The single girls were by themselves, and ths single mon and tho married couples had separate quarters. The hospital where the sick patients were isolated was, of o mree, alons on the island. It must not, however, bo supposod that the healthy people were oom pletely isolated from the unhealthy ones. For inBtunoe, the people passing to and fro to the telegraph offioe, &o.;, wero constantly ooming into communication with people not conva -lejoent. The saloon passengers had no superior accommodation provided for thom, and complaints are rife relative to tho ssaroity o£ water and tho size of the utensils to wash , in. In iV:ct it seems to hare been somewhat of a treat to be able t) get properly washed at all. One lady says BhoJiad to -sleep as. be-t she could on a mattes on the floor, and her children had to sleep with 'her. 'Are you -glad to get ashore in a oivilised piaoe once more?' was the question asked. 'Glad to got aBhoro:! why I bolieve if they had hot let u- oomo off on Saturday, wo should have tried to swim to the boats. X can assure you people nearly wept whon they heard that we might be kept in that hole until Monday. We did not mind the wet. We would have gone through any amount of that to get to Brisbane. It was a rolisf to get to a good hotel and have a good meal, but the washing was almost tho best part of tho change ' Tho food provided for use on Pool Island does not appear to have found much ?favour in the sight, or, more oorreetly epsak ing, the taste of those looatod there. Somo of tho bread was eour, and the meat net good. ' We got moat of our little delicacies from tho ship, iuoh as fowls, ducks, &o.; Tho company behaved very well to us, and deserve all praise, .and O iptain layers is a grand fellow, but tho less said abont the authorities tho better. We thould Ulie to havo had a few of them down there for a short time, and (ben they would have known what it was like. Dr. Wray is not very popular with us, I can tell you, and if ho had come ashore I believe some of the people would havo made it pretty hot for him. It can easily be seen what the people think of him by thn various little poytioal effusions that are written up on sundry doors, &a.; Perhaps it was not altogsther Dr. Wray's-fault, but still ho was looked upon as tho gnilty party. For a very small outlay tho Government could mako Bed Island quito habitable, but at the present time it is about as dull and uninteresting a plaoe as you oould find. Tho oooking apparatus is only fit for blackfellows, as there are no proper ovens for the food. Wo ought to havo boen free long ago, for tliero has been no aiokness on the island tor over threo .wooks, and only ono ojso broke out whilst wo woro thoro, nud the patient recovered. If tho tuloon paBseugors had been, isolated whon fcjt put ashore, and kept quito apart, thoy could havo oome up to town in a week, because thoro was roally do illness nraongst thom at all, -and we were nil well and not a bit afraid. We woro free o'.tizouB coming to a free country, and expeoted to be treated as buJi. Our spsreo of amnso meut wes very limited. Wo wero not allowed to fhoit,- although there wono plority of bir.'fj about that wo should have relished very .much. No, wo were not allowed ?oven to fish, and this would have jc issed away .?n. considerable amount of time if we had beon allowed to indulge in it. Our principal oecu potion was trying to kill timo, and wo suo Jcejded badly. We shall never forgot this last -Christmas in Queensland All the immigrants 'behaved remarkably well, and wore most polite nnd orderly, and the Binglo girls wero o moat «jt9optional lot. Most .of ihem wore ooming Ajif. tn .-£»matM(i imd-arArA/rf a nnnftrlop aima to most ,of those Boat out. Every praise is t'jue ito Dr. Hlokltujj, taho was most kind and attecitivo throu^lwut, and to uevec hesitated: onoo in his duty or re fused tto rvn&er; assistance whon oalled upon at any tiajo. perhaps the Danish people suffered tho mod;, ' BGtoy wore poor, and could not spoak a word .of English. Several of them died.' Tie abevo quotation is* a fair account of a ooaroEBation with ono of the saloon pas seiigord, and further mixing with the immi grants and hearing what thoy hod to eay has confirmed tho £iatomcnt. Tho Dorunda aaino op tlra rivor yesterday morning, and was at onse berthed nloogrido Mesis. Parbury, Iiumb,' dud Co.'fl wharf at Souti Stisbane. Tha ship has boon thwoughly fumigated, and the whole of her fittings taken out and burnt. Tlio appoaraooo of. tho ship now is a oredit to all oonoerned in tho management ojLher. AM the berths havo boon takon out and. tho pluoo loolw as clean as point. Tho whole,of tho chip b iu ft thorough state ; of beilthiaess. .- Captaia Sayecs ? looks worn and harassed, and well ho may be, af tor, the five vpsks, mi-aery he has had to. undergo. To A own with an astire mind and, body liko j Oa.pt/un Bftyea, the saspesse and total want of anything to do must nave boon moot tryiDtr. To the aalutatipn of ' How ate you, captain r' He replied,' ' As weli as can be oxpeotod, con sidering what I haro gone through. My orew were never better in thair lives, and have boen a1! ths time. To-, I havo boon slightly indisposed, but nothing roally serious. Wo have not had mcoh communication with ohoro, nnd contoquentiy do not know much of what has been goin-j on there. . It was awfully dall ?oa board. Ifcad the ship's fittings -taken out End burnt and the shio thorouehlv f umieated -as soon as I had got all tho people ashore, and she iB now thoroughly cleansed. You can have a look round for yourself . Wo aro expected to get away by Tuoaday week, but it will take us all our timo, as wo havo to shift a lot of oargo, and thp Northorn cargo will havo to bo taken in attain and unloaded ns we return homo.' Tho work of gotting tho immigrant!) off Peel Island was as quhkly demo as ciroumatanoo3 would permit. Captain Bayers, with his largo whale boats, rendered great assistance. The single girls and the salooa paFsenjjors oamo up in the Otter, and reached tho Queen's wharf about 3.30 in tho aftornoon, and tho single mon came up about 7.30 in tlia-Franoia Oadoll with the luggage, and Captain Bayers was 'very obliging in as ^ ting to got the belongings of tho passengers off. The Otter went down again tho same evening, and came ?up with tho marriod couples yesterday. The heavy rain oaused great inoonvenienco, but tho embarkation passed off without any serious mis - hap. Sir Balpb Goro and Dr. Wray superin tended tbo arrangements, whilst Dr. Hickling was most a ssiduous in his attention . _ The whole of the paesengers ara now in Brisbane, and appear heartily glad to be released. 