The Dorunda Relief Fund. A MEETING of the committee of the Dorunda Relief Fund was held in the mayor's room, Town Hall, on Tuesday morning, under the presidency of the ex-mayor (Alderman Babbidge), for the purpose of making arrangements with » view to the distribution of the moneys which have been subscribed for the bereaved immi grants. The other members of the committee present were—Messrs. J. 0. Moffat, J. Hard grave, 0. H. Buzacott, J. Myers, Revs. O. Wool nougb and J.Stewart (secretary). The secretary announced that most of the lists were now dosed, but there were various sums still outstanding. The amount in the Queensland National Bank that morning was £857 Ba. 2d., including the Courier fund. Mr. Myers tendered a cheque for £9935. 6d., makingatotal collected by him of £269 3a. (id. The secretary further stated that there was a small sum of £4 3s. in the Australian Joint Stock Bank, and he had cheques in his possession for £3 3s. This brought the total up to £963175. Bd. In addition to that there was a considerable sum subscribed in Townsville; and, in answer to a telegram, he had been informed that the list there closed last week, and that the amount subscribed would be for warded as Boon as possible. With reference to the disposal of the money, he had been making inquiries with regard to the intentions of the bereaved persons. Mrs. Hewett, who had three children aged 5&, 3J, and 1* years, and expected another shortly, was very reluc tant to remain in the colony, but he had in duced her to forego her intention of returning to England at least for the present. She said her friends at home were not in particularly good circumstances, but they might take her children amongst them, while she undertook some kind of work for her maintenance. He (Mr. Stewart) thought the better course would be to encourage her to remain, even if they were to endeavour to get her children into the orphanage for some time. She would be able to support herself by cleaning and house work. It was decided that the sum of £250 be guaranteed to Mrs. Hewett in the event of her remaining in the colony. Mrs. Westwood, who it was stated had three chil dren, and had already begun to work for her support, was guaranteed £200. Mrs. Daly, an elderly woman—who had several grown-up children, and whose eldest son was 27 years of age and unmarried, and although in delicate health, had a house of his own—was allowed £100. Mrs. Doran, who lost her husband and two children on the passage, and who had now one boy 10 years of age, was granted £200. Mrs. Eid, who had no children, and who it was said was able to maintain herself as a dressmaker, was guaranteed £75. The two widowers, the Danish brothers Sunstrup, one of whom was a tailor, and the other a shoemaker, were awarded £25 and £50 respectively. The shoemaker, it was said, was not a strong man, and he was left with six little children, and it was thought he ought to receive the larger sum. The tailor, it was stated, who had ten children, most of whom were able to do something for themselves, had already got employment in Sandgate at his trade. On the motion of Mr. Buzacott it was resolved that the persons named should make application in writing to the committee settiDg forth in what locality in the suburbs they would like freeholds to be secured for them. They might, said Mr, Buzacott, select their own freeholds, and the committee would com plete the purchase for them- He did not think a hard-and- fast line ought to be drawn, but if any of the applicants desired to open a small store, a portion of the money might be advanced for that purpose. It was to be distinctly understood that these suras would only be granted on the condition that the persons remained in the colony, and that no money would be voted to pay homeward passages. On the motion of Mr. Moffat it was decided that Messrs. Savage, Kemp, Haselin, and Hall, who had been unceasing in their attendance on the sick during the voyage down the coast should be awarded a gratuity of £5 each. The proposi* tion met with some oppoaition, on the ground that it was beyond the scope of the operations of the committee, but it was stated that the men had sustained a considerable loss through having their clothing and some of their effect* destroyed, and there was no other way of re compensing them for their efforts in aid of the sick, and the amount was accordingly voted. There was no other business before the meeting. 