WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBUEl 15. Palson Bis31uncic once said that 'if the German Empire were lifted into the saddle it would be able to ride, and so he hoisted it into the saddle, and it has boon riding, if _not furiously, at a rattling pace ov'er since. And at the banquet given the other evening at the German Club in honour of the olli cars of the first nail steamer from Germany to Australia, Count von 13t\?nlsslio, Com mrander of the Albatross, in responding to a toast'for the welfare of the German muarine, said that the German Empire was now able to swini also. By these two ligurihtivo ex pressions we are doubtless to understand that Germany, as a nation, is fully equipped for warfare, possessing the tIwo things which are at present considered absolutely neces sary.for defence or aggression, namely, a land army and a navy, The glory of Great Britain is specially connected with her floot, and she has often been twitted with the stimallness of her army. Continental generals readily admit the good qualities of the British soldier, but theor are "so few of thorn," it is said, that in any great ilnter national struggle the army of England need scarcely be taken into account, 'The great German statesman, who in the laudatory rhetoric of Mr. W., BDA, t,lv, is "admittced universally to be the most powerful in intel lect and will of the living rulers of man kind," compared England to a whale, andl pointed out the utter impossibility of Eng land attacking successfully any lion like continental power. In attempting to do so she would be out of her element it was al leged, whereas a power strong both in its army and navy, as Germany is now hold to be, will have a double advantage, and be able to maintain its interests by land and sea, During the last quarter of a century the German navy has increased greatly, and German inlluonce has increaseld with equal pace in those colonies and elsewheroe, Gr. man residents in foreign lands, who a short time ago received no protection, are now cared for, .and any injury inllicted upon them is speedily punished, Not very long ago a German warship made a cruise among the islands for the purlpos? of chastising the anatives for outrages, and a short but sharp lesson wyas given theom Mr. E. Aluir, i?i'u says that it was the Danish WVar of 18ti4 that first showed Germuany the weakness of her! navy, and tdi utter hopulessntss of lher cver becoming a great power until her havy was vastly increased, it' has grown im nmonscly since the Francolrusshia war, and now it is the pet of Gormany, and no pains are spared to raise it to ia position worthy of the Elmpir? Mr. 'D,uI,,~,cv, who was referred to by the prosihdent as a distinguished foellow. colonist who had always been in sympathy with Clerman' feling, referred with pride to the positlion he had takenlc when C?Germany seized upon Now Guinanl , To hiim it was Ia a " prsonal satisfaction " that lBritish states men wore outwitted and the OU-rman flng Ilaistd whore the Brltish fllag would hav( been if thi nin,jority.of colonists had their way. With " uinfeigned glheloss " and "on. thusiastio,joy " did ie welo Clo elulany to coloniseo the Polynesi?ua islands, as If shei wereu a ihlper' shtiply, and nrot a rival. Whillo t moust patriloiu Aulstralians desury danger ll ra the oaonpatliin of th?il Islands iy conthiontal n poiwers, Mr, ).t DA,i,tlo se(s ly inoaluilhle ho good to ill oueirncoled, es' the extmoslon of ilnlligration will give ta hplllutus to ooiim. I lumerou. The now culonilahig plicy of Clo' a many i?e rigads us a himpefitl sign for hiu. T inanity, and the best guarantee of the peace of the world. The wasto places of tile earth he would hand over to 13slMARcKt for the use of the laborious millions of Germany, with thie politest of bows. Mr. DA),tLIrr, in fact, poses publicly as a philo-German, but his fulsome adulation and truckling sycophancy we by no means admire. There is an un English cringing cowardice about it which is contemptible, Noonedoubtsoither thl ability of RBISMARCK or the value of the Germans as fellow-colonists, and while most colonists wel come in the friendliest manner immigrants from all nations, they naturally prefer to see British power and commerce extend over every sea. With the rapid growth of Euro pean fleets, and tile colonization mania that now prevails, there is some danger of Erng land losing her maratimi supremacy. More than once has her flag been insulted lately, and language like Mu. DALLEY'S is eminintly calculated to provoke such insults, and make the world believe flinhat England's power is gone. It is far bettor, we think, and far more candid for British subjects to speak on all occasions their real sentiments, and to endeavour by every means to hold their own. A 'rrnLionAx from Nowra in Saturday's " Herald " discloses a state of aflirs and a course of conduct on thIe part of someine of tihe actors in the drama which should be treated by the Government in a manner which will deserve the approbation of every patriotic spirit in the colony. The facts are simply these :-It is pretty generally understood that the areas of all tile early grants in this colony are grossly in excess of the actual amount of land menortioned in the deeds of such grants. In those days, when the pub. lie estate was being literally thrown away, land was not considered of such value as to dlemand any prctensions to exactitude in its ioeasurement. Under tile old Land Act certain tenure and imnprovements gave those in possession of these excessive areas a right which debarred selection or interference of any kind, but udoer the new Act these dis. abilities were remloved, and it is now held that no length of tenure or amount of im proveenats debars selection on what are really Grown hlans, outside of population areas, I.t is well known to the residents of tile south coast that one enoerious estate contains " little short of tell thousand acres in excess of the actual areas stated in the various grants, and purchases which conm. prise this vast estate." We have soon the descriptions of several of the grants which comprise this estate, and judging from their vagueness, and in some instances the total absence of the lengths of the lines, we are at a loss to know how the anoient surveyors computed their areas, The probability is that chains (surveyors) were not considered necessary i those cldays, and that in running lines survieyorls found it more convonient to walk tlhem, the length of their steps, as a matter of course, being regulated by sur rounding circumstances. In order to give our readers a better idea of the value of early surveys and tihe loss tie country is sus taining by upholing therm, we know of our own personal knowledge that one line on this estate measures " two miles twenty-six chains and a few perch " more than the length given in tile description of the grant. As most of this land is worth from £20 to £40 per acre, it may be seen at a glance what a valuable acquisition to the public excihequer a re-adjustluent of the boundaries and areas of old grants and purchases would cause. A knowledge of the exist. once of those excessive areas induced several freeoo selectors to apply for selections on several portions of Mr. B3rinirv's estate. The local land board disallowed all of them, and consequontly an appeal to the Minister for Lands was made by somlo of the applioants, one of whom, riru, 1AlArrrN, sucooeeded in Iraving hIis appeal sustained, and an order inade by thie Mlinister for Lanuds for a sur. pvy of the grant in whichl hie maintained tlre excessive area existed, and out of whioh io wished to mrako his sileotion, It appears tie Governiment sui voyor procodedt accord ilug to instrurotios, wheun hIe mno wit h the rcclption stated in thie telegram, whioch we copy NeoweA, Friday, Great intoroest still anihicus to the oases of selecting ion Mr. David Berry's hland at Pyreoo. :In ie acasof Qiad Mncrtin's ailrlal, whreroir Mr. Oirrlanud directed tihat tie ladr be su'rv'yoydl S Ltal:surv-oyr l{,iley anld party wrert Ii tie grinuind to survey it, . JuSet then Ir. lMortoni, Rir, Borry's rralaugeru, with a lparty of mln, siririeri tire ei'urv'yiior JIley rluid irs rnir ernud tuosh anrrilinraocs clodn oil' trle 1hind. lRi'. hurry hirs Irooir i i imeIsoeiIr1 02 Yoiur, rund ur im proved tIre lInrld to ovei £10 per uore, bheries ultting it in flrmrs. Not ilrly so, but a iutro. irollna surveyrr, Mr, D-ooeritg, at tire Ist land bnard riuotirlg, unnhesitatingly swpro that the ranit nivow sOeiud o by Carl lar'li amlnd others isOus ItO 1 nl)ll itrl iris llU'O I irtinto i ha the propur ' alpliucerlt. iThe COtWU lllitlorar n llirnaps alsr ihow io exUOes. Surlri'IRO is ixpressiOH d herss at irlu outien of thie Minister., Now, if this trlegrainr is oorros't, we need ro greater' proof of a dlefenrcloss cause than ,hi very not which it anriouricos, and tie ,upidihty of tih tlshfluri sot: up in the la'ttnir crt s ar justlllieanlion r t for' tir oule iiut too rlailly shows tllrt If (hi nlatter worn corrcoot, hero woull hie o nec ssity for drinrdlng thi 'relt of a asurvey, :As ra tter of fact, iither 0 or 00 0 year's' psoessiosn gives ri. .i?rrrrYv the right nto holr land wlihili alonugs to tire Stato if i"i oxocss of whaI t hl o ertitlel to hy grart or piurehreuo. T'i'r their courlirrah?is l rn e i seully unnlitera, l. 'ir Alct is mlaih unough. T'hn lut sort iru is in keeping with the rest of the telegram, and displays but too plainly the purport of the whole, and its source. We are writing in the public interest, and unhesitatingly desire to express our admiration of Mr. CoPELAND's manly efforts to do justice to the struggling selectors and his country at the same time. We are at a loss to under stand why all these large estates have not been properly surveyed long ago, and their surplus areas sold to replenish an empty ex chequer. Surely the huge areas so ruthlessly given away should be sufficient for all in tents and purposes, without any excessive acquisitions which need a plea of undisturbed possession during a natural life time to es. toblish a claim 'to them. If men have been allowed to remain in undisturbed possession of large portions of the public estate, and to derive large incomes from them, withdut conti'ibuting a fraction to the cost of the Government which ensured their peaceable possession, surely this is no reason why this state of things should be perpetuated. Lot us hope that the Minister for Lands, and those who have their country's interest at heart will make a bold stand, and have every large estate in the country resurveyed, and the excessive areas thrown open to bona-fide selection, or sold by public auction, thus securing a large accession to' the revenue of the colony, at a time when it is much needed, and when the working bees of society are being made to bear the burden of taxation and pay for the indiscriminate lavish bestowal of princely fortunes on men who contribute but little to the material prosperity or advancement of the source from which they derived their enormous cheap wealth. What a glorious source of consolation it is to the poor man who sets not his heart on broad acres and worldly wealth to know That six feet six by two feet ten Will suifice at last fur the richest men. 