LOCAL AND GENERAL. LrrrEns from our Natimuk Lake, Goroke and Agricultural correspondents appear in the supplement to this day's Times. TIE rainfall for the month of January, as I recorded at the Horsham Post and Telegraph ( office, was 5 inches 6 points, falling on S days. In the corresponding montL of last s year, only 45 points were recorded. THE ordinary monthly meeting of the I Horsham and Wimmera District Agricul tural Society was held at the Shire Hall o on Friday afternoon. Present - Messrs. Bowden (in the chair), May, Burgin, Sleator, Brike, Robinson, MicCalman, Cameron, and t Ans-rews. The minutes of the previous n meeting having been read and confirmed, s the secretary stated that he had applied for 1 30) copies of the Heon. Mr. Deakin's report on irrigation, but as yet they had not been I received. In reference to a motion passed e at the previous meeting, at the instance of r Dlr. Con. Curran, instructing the yard s committee to report on the question of t irrigating the society's show ground, Mr. e Andrews reported that the motion being a somewhat vague, the committee scarcely knew what was required of them, and that t without further instructions from the general committee the yard committee thought that t the ground was sufficiently irrigated for e present purposes. Messrs. Sleator and c Cameron having expressed similar views, it t was" resolved that, in the albsence of Mr. Curran; the question of irrigating the ground c be held over until next meeting. A circular r was received from the Shire of Warranga in a reference .to the adoption of the cental a system in connection with the sale and i purchase of grain, and suggesting that the importance of the matter should be impressed I upon candidates seeking election as Parlia- I mentaryrepresentatives, with the view of a legislative action being taken thereon. It s was pointed out that this question had been I discussed on several previous occasions, Mr. s Sleator remarking that it really meant a c further 1: s to the farmers, and it was a resolved that no action be taken, it being a matter for buyers and sellers to arrange amongst themselves. The secretary pre sented the annual balance sheet for the i the inspection of the committee, which he stated his intention of having pirinted and distributed before the next meeting; it t showed that the overdraft at the bank was I £109 Os Sd, against which has to be taken t into consideration the Government grant, i which has yet to he received. Mr Robinson f made an application for tile use of the I society's show ground for tile St. Patrick's I day sports, on the 17th':IMarch, which was granted on the usual conditions. The advisability of revising the rates of charges for the use of the ground on similar occasions was referred to, but no action was taken. AT the Horsham Court of Petty Sessions on Friday, before Mlessrs. G. L. Hutchinson, I P.3I., S. 13. Bolton, and WV. Burgin, J's.P., in the debt case, Jas. A. Allan v. Win. Slater, £5 4s for goods supplied and money I paid, an order was made for the amolunt claimed and 15s Gd costs; Mr. Twigg ap pearing for the comp'ainant. John Jarvis v. Richard Gummo, work and labor £5 10s Gd, an order was made for the amount and 15s Gd costs; Mr. Ireland appearing for the defendant. J. Graham v. T. P. Peploc, goods supplied and labor done, £1 d1s, an order was made for the amnoant and 5s costs. Wm. Bunbury v. John Carrick, wages £3 3s, an order was made for £3 03 lid and 10s costs; Mr. Twigg appearing for the defendant. In the case Elias Warne v. Thomas Grace, for the illegal detention of a horse, MIr. Twigg appeared for the complainant, and Mr. Ireland for the defence. It appeared that some twelve months since, the complainant sold a horse for which the buyer was to give an endorsed bill, but that the bill was not given, the purchaser afterwards sold the ihorse to his brother-in-law, (the defendant Grace), and as Warne had not received pay I ment from the original purchaser, he claimed l the horse, and failing in obtaining it, took the present proceedings. It was decided by tile bench that 'Warne had trusted the first purchaser for tihe price t of tile horse, and that the defen I dant, being an innocent person in the s matter, could not be charged with illegal e detention, the - case was therefore dis s.missed with £7 14s Gd costs againse.tlhe t complainant, these costs to include the costs ( of theprevious adjournment. .TnuE list of ministerial appointments for the ensuing year was finally revised at the Wesleyan conference on Friday, and we are glad to observe that the 'Rev. A. Grewar, t ho is deservedly esteemed by members of all denominations, Ais to remain in the e Horsham~ circuit. Other 'tineis in the e Aistrict .are to- "be irovided 'as follo : f Ilisrtoa, Rev. David B: Bridgui od; bartrk= e nabeal,; Rev.-J;- W. Edwards ; Clear Lake, I Rev. 'A. P. White ;:Lillimur;: Rev. J. I' Stafford;:Harow: and, Apslei, Home-.M.: L sionary. _The RLr. P. Hanser, nowstationed tatt Clear Lake, will 'have charge of the r dfishurst circuit' and the Rev 3. PdPl-i', f borne in:tolbe transfeired fromn: ?rta to .e WTaLieensingAet ipassed during the last Ssessiohof'Parliainent came: Into opeidtion ..oes;iterdn~;-i;cayma:, Th !i'i 01 ,so fe ci: O?- KarFak correspondent sends -the following items: - "The land was so thoroughly saturated by the heavy rainsthat fell early in January that in many places it was too boggy for ploughing, or even grubbing to be proceeded with,. cattle not being able tois stnd on on the land to work. Even last week the. roads presented quite a wintry appearance; and travelling with loads is difficult, as yet, the erabholey and spewy lands of Karnak. Several persons have sent in applications for land in the neighbouring parishes, but not mnanyin Karnak; I think. Someland of a really good quality--as land goes in these parts-is offered at 21d and 3d per acre rent, while the thick rabbit and wild dog infested scrubs are offered at 3d per acre. There is certiinly more .f contrast than comparison in good feeding swamps, with rich banks of agricultural and grazing land, and the dense scrubs where even walking is a slow and tedious exercise, and dangerous alike to clothes and skin." JUcDsac by the number of substantial promotions, the heads of the various banks evidently consider the Wimnera district a good training-ground for their officers. The latest transfer is that . f Mr. T. McClecry, accountant in the Horsham branch of the Commercial Bank, to the manage ment at Tatura, Goulburn Val'ey, for which place he left fcr on Friday evening, with the best wishes of many friends for his welfare. Amongst other changes in the same bank Mr. Campbell, manager at Nhill, has been promoted to Charlton and will be succeeded by 'Mr. McCormick, hitherto in charge of the Lillimur branch. AT the Horsham Police Court yesterday, be fore Messrs IL H. Andrews and S B. Bolton, J'sP. Peter Nelhon was charged by Con stable Cameron with using obscene language on the previous day, within the hearing of persons passing in a public place, and fined 40s, or 14 days' imprisonment. The fine was paid. Accounsr are at the sub-Treasury, Horsham, payable to the following: S. A. Connolly, H. Cahill, H. Hatcley. T. Loveday, T. M. MlcIerney, F. Roeckner, H. and F. W. -udholz, J. A. Suteliffe, E. R. Munt, S. Bolton, G. Kent, F. A. Martin (2). A sPErmL meeting of the congregation of the Church at England (St. John's), Horsham, is convened for this evening. Important business is to be brought under consideration, so that it is very desirable there should be a large attendance. SIsCE our last issue there has been a very marked change in the weather, the oppres siveness of last week having given place to wintry, squalls, making overcoats desirable. In the districts where stripping is not finished, harvesting operations have been delayed, but the effect of the frequent showers on the pastures should enable t butchers to speedily gladden householders t by lowering the price of meat. A tarSEmsc of the Horsham Licensed Victuallers' Association was held last night. I Various clauses were discussed, and it was determined to aRitate for a repeal of some of 1 them. In our advertising columns the members notify that their hotels will be I strictly closed on Sundays, in conformity with the Act. Mr. D?AsKI. addressed a large meeting of < his constituents at Newmarket on Saturday 1 evening and, in speaking of the recent t Ministerial changes and the present political situation, he claimed that the interests of the colony would be best served and the objects of the Liberal party most readily achieved by a continuation of the Coalition Government. He contended, says the Argue, that the programme announced by Mr. Gillies was essentially a liberal one, and that 1 the liberals who opposed it could only do so on personal grounds. He defended the course which had been followed in calling together. the members of the Liberal and Constitutioal , parties for the purpose of considering the situation. One of the results of the action taken would be the submission of a distinct issue of the electors, so as to leave less scope for personal intrigue in the new Parliament thian there would probably have been if no understanding had been arrived at. He stated tlhat he was loyal to the Liberal party, and would resign as soon as the country, through its repre sentatives, declared for another leader. Mr. Deakin mentioned that one of the principal subjects which the Government would feel called upon to deal with was irrigation, and a measure providing for a national scheme would be introduced early next sesson. DUNmse, the absence on leave of Mr. Kir wan, traffic superintendent stationed in the Ballarat railway district, Mr. E. T. Pollard, of- Geelong, will, says the Advertiser, undertake the supervision of the traftie in the Geelong anid Ballarat districts. On Mr. Kirwan's return Mr. Pollard will be transferred to the charge of the Western district fromi Scarsdale Junction toDimboola, fromnt Ararat to P'oitland, and from Braux holime to Casterton. Mr. Pollard's headquarters will be either at Ararat or Stawell. REoF.nnRNG to the intercolonial line the Tatiars Mrail reports that 'the contractors' engine, the "Westward Ho," was ab'e to run right through from Border Town to Tailem Bend on Thursday, the last link o line having been laid between the two camps at the 80th mile. In about fifteen days the ballasting and boxing-up of this section will be eomplete, when SO miles will have been the length of line made from this end. As soon as the sleepers, at present stacked at the Bend, have been used the engine will run regular trips from Border Town with sleepers to keep the works at the river going. In passing it would not be out of place to mention thlat the energetic representative of the contractors-Mr. . axter--?as put forth every endeavour to get the line speedily and creditably built, and the short time that the work has been in hand evidences the success of his labours. PROPHECIES of heavy floods still keep coming from the interior. The latest, says the Border Illateh, is founded on the fact that vast hornes of rats are making their way south; and as these animals get credit for always forsaking a ship about to sink it is supposed their presence enables them to take equal precautions against land drowning. WE (Banner) learn that the Department has agreed to call the railway station and township at L'ateson's corner, on the line between Dimboola and Xhill, "Salisbury." Lithograph plans will shortly be issued, and I the sale of allotments, of which there are eighty, will be held in about a month's time. -A rrovexscAe Press correspondent writes thus to the Creswick Advertiser:-" The very latest copy of the names which have been inscribed on the Ministerial slate reads as follows:--Premier and Chief Secretary, Mr. Gillies; Treasurer, Mr. Harper; Attorney General, Mr. sVrixon: Solicitor-General, dMr. Deakin; Minister of Agriculture and Water Supply, Mr. J. L. Dow;, Minister of SCustoms, Mr. Walker; Minister of Mines, Dr. Quick; Minister of Education, ilr. Pearson." SCONSInrABnLE excitement is continued to Sbe felt in Tallangatta, a township 25 miles Sfrom Wodonga, consequent on the reports \- which have been received, as stated Sin the last issue of the Times, that a wild man in a nude condition, with his body 1- covered with long hair, has been seen on the d Koetong Ranges. It is asserted by several Spcrscns that they saw the man as described tsiing between two fires, and that when a observed he made off into the serb, uttering loud:yells. On Tuesday, Constable AUiood It spent most of the day making search through So it thi ranges, but could obtaini-o traces of t?h.?,n.; 1I',I ] ? )} •:i Wm (Adr)crr), unhderstand that 3In A.s Taylor, a pupil teacher at the' Ararat State School, No. 800, has been pppointed the position of ;an assistant in the' Rorshot school. The young lady has been engagd in the Ararat school for near'y seven year, an her fends will beeased to len-n t she ` has at length received well-meriste promotion. REEsreg?s to the question of irrigtion at his meeting on Thursday night, lIr. Gillies said.-"The Government Inve placed the sum of £1,300.000 apart for the lurposes of irrigation, and the Governmet will be prepared, and any Government mr.s. hold itself in readiness, to 'provide whatever money is necessary after all information fi supplied, in order to provide a perfect scheme of irrigation for the whole of these Northern plains. The Government Iha shown its bona fldes in the work it has undertaken, which has now bees bronght almost to a conclusion. I am given to understand that during the next few waeeka the Water Supply department will lZr in position to submit a map showing the whole of the lines, and indicating what it is pos sible to do, so that when the neeesaor trusts are formed all the information referred to will be prepared ready to their hands Thile most complete information has been collected, and in a fewv weeks a rmag will be published, making this informatioe universally available. IT is notified in the last Corernr,,sn GaciCe that Judge Casey has been assigned the County Courts at lforsham, !hill, Ararat, Ballarat, Creswick, Stawell, &e.; THE Rev. E. C. De Garis, the well-lnoan Wesleyan minister, who has taken so active and prominent>a part in promoting irrigation schemes in tile arid districts of the colony, is to have every facility afforded inm by the governing body of tile Methodist Church for prosecuting that important work, the \Ves leyan United Conference having adopted the recommendation for the appropriation of £150 for payment of a probationer to assisn Mr. De Garis in his pastoral w rk in the Bendigo district, and authorised M.r. lt Garis to continue his irrigation work for one year. The resolution to this effect met with general support, and its proposer, the Rev. E. I. WVatkin, declared that while the Bishop of Melbourne by his eloquence heel been doing theoretic.al work, Mr. De (Gar? had been doing practical work in furtherunm of the irrigation movement. Weslevarn present from arid dist lets, says the ilkierr: Star, warmly recognised the liberality ,f the conference in permitting Mr. Be Garis ti continue a work of such vital and £ar-reac: ing importance. Ox Friday, says the Sp?cltaor, a te!egrar: was received by the Hamilton police r, under:-" Richard Carey, farmer. Tar rayoukyan, 17 miles from lHarrow, was burne to death about 10 p.m. yesterday, in his house at Tarrayoukyan. lie lived alor., was a heavy drinker, and was in the habt, of reading after going to bed. The bode is completely burnt, only bones visible. . believe there is no suspicion of foul play, Carey being very inoffensive and, I thi;:k had no enemies." A. ELA? CInOL" acci lent happened dutrin the running for the Geelong Steeplechase co Saturday afternoon, by which a young muses named John Ifuht, well known as one of t:1e most respectable jockeys in Victoria? lost his life. He was riding a horse named Paelh-. work, which, it was noticed, struck the fir? fence heavily. At the second fence the ho-s fell, coming down with all his weight up; n the rider. It is believed by those who were watching the horse that the cantle of the saddle struck the jockey on the back of the head. On the horse rising the jockey lay motionless. Ie was carried into the casualty tent, and Drs. Pincott and O'HIara were at once in attendance, but the unfortunate latldied in a few momeont. This sad occurrence was greatly deplored, for most of those who saw Iluht carded past ihs stand knew and respected hlim for his integrity and modest and commendabi demeanour. The' body was removed it Geelong, and the accident being reported to the coroner, Mr. Ieron, he decided that as Dr. Pincott would certify as to the cause 'f death there was no need for an inquest. The body was brought" on to Melbourne by the last train on Saturday night. TniE Wesleyan Conference concludled its sitting on Saturday morning, says the T!+- graph. It was resolved, in view of thes widespread and increasing habit of tolac-te smoking by the young, to urge upon minis ters of religion, and sup-rintendents of Sunday schools, to in every way discourage +he same. JMr. R. J. Joyce, moved that s letter be sent to Mr. Stead, exprecsv:g appreciation of his efforts on the side ,of virtue and righteousness, and symtpnthis:eg with him in the trying circumstances througt which he had passed. A long disecuseioe, ensued, several members speakihng amh:is: the motion, which they thought ought 1a1,t to be put when there was such a snoll attendance. Finally a resolution was p1,ccr which, whilst not approving of Mr. .tca 1' methods, nevertheless sympathiiscd witlh hie in his efforts and suffering in the ca?ose f public mnorality. Sympathy n-as expre~ed with the sufferers by the disastrous bu;sh fires in the colony. It was resolvedl to ak members of the church to use their influence at the forthcoming elections in order to pro mote a right observance of the Lord's day; and after an animated debate, a motion oat carried which, whilst recognising the ifeerts of the Salvation Armnny to do good, caoled the attention of the "authoritics" to the f.ea that the parading of their band on thie Salbbatlhada detrimentsleffectuponthe iin day snhlool wovrklof the Weslcyans. SeverA reports were received and adopted, and comnmittees chosen, and, after passing the customary vote of thanks, the conferencs rose. They will next meet upon the Si January, 1SS7. Rearr'cr?xor tho variety of wheat r. "Du Toit's," Mir. Gee. E. Nelson wrilk? the Addaide Obserer :-" IHaving some fii't years ago advocated thile introduction ecd trial of the Du Toit's wheat, and which, £ believe, was obtained from South Africs~ and has been grown with some amount of success in the north, you can imagine the pleasure I felt in reading the report of thi manager of the Victorian Experiment al Farm, in which special reference is made t~o the above kind of wheat." Mr Nelson addld that he has found by practical experience is SAfrica that Du Toit's wheat should he soenS the earliest of any grain. It is the custont he understands, to soaw itin Africa on fallor land, after being once lharrowred, ad Sploughed under at about half the depth thab ,the fallowing was done at, and generallyg Sput in after the first rains, the result being that tlhe 15th November finds the farmer reaping Du Toilt's when every other is per fectly green. The farmers in Africa, hbe states, name the "Du Toit's" their "breed f wheat," signifying that it is sown as ' reliable wheat for their year's consumption Mr. Nelson states that he would like to hsr of some farmers trying to grow some si bToit's, strictly following the African ide?r and making the results known through thi press. t A 1os1 destructive storm (says the Argo) a passed over Glen Ines (N.S.W.) at middf Son Wednesday. It was preceded by a qurtl e of an hour's total darkness. The rain ties Sfell in torrents, and the wind became g~s d A number'of lhomes were unroofed, - n large treesa were uprooted. The lightOiliS g was very terrible,. It struck a born near te d town; which rinsta~nil became a sheet e Sflame, and us -.burned 'dowo. The of dams bui t djbstorm is esIisIcd ' AcCvaDINO tO the LeaKer, the Shepparton -Iechanics' Institute is reported as having initiated a movement of peciliar interest to an agricnltural community, and one which =ay be the means of much practical good. 3t has been decided to form a muinseum of vegetable products, where specimens of the wrowth of the Goulburn Valley soil can be conserved. It it also proposed to tabulate information as to the growth of various nasses of corn-wheat especially- showing tuheir ielding power and particular qualities, uogcther with other information of instructive juterest to the farmers. The movement has -een taken up with spirit, and reflects rredit upon the managers of the association in nnestion. iT the Port Mlelbourne Police Court on .-idav the Customs authorities proceeded _n.?nst Captain Roy, of the steamer Afghan, !or a breach of the Chinese immigration rnwlstions by bringing to the port 53 .Chinumen who had not become naturalised Blritish subjects, and who' were in excess of the number he was entitled to carry, namely, wne to every 100 tons of cargo. There is a -?enalty of £100 for every Chinese landed nhitlaouthaving paid poll-tax, but one penalty .r- £100 only was pressed for, as the utioerities did not consider the defendant a party to the attempted fraud. A fine of s£10 and £5 5s costs, was imposed. Mr. frok r whbo appeared for the accused, said t?at the fraud was evidently arranged in loerg Kong. Ile announced that he would app.al against the decision of the bench. Tue. best yield we (Arocn rMail) have yet eward, of this season is from a farm of Mr. itiills. ietter known as the (lenmona -:;ti,,ni. A paddock of oats gave the grand overage of 70 bushels to the acre. The crop was r.iised from the Danish oat, imported iwo years since. His wheat crop averaged ;,j bushels to the acre. To: prograsimme of the Dimboola Race Club is advertised elsewhere. Ti? great clearing sale in the estate of G. "?crhlnnann will commence on Friday next. A -irr.re of all interested in the Nati ouln lIaces will be held at the National H,,itl, Natimuk, on Friday next. M?.-s' J. J. LANGLctAs & Co announce a vl.aring sda during February of the balance i"f thle swon's goods. )I:. T. F. H.utcorr notifies a great v., aricn sale at his establishment in Fire J ' a.,c-street. Tle: half-yearly meeting of shareholders il theI lHorsham Gas Co. will be held in the !i.,>onic Hall to-morrow at S o'clock p.m. i . Mr. Foskey's farm to- morrow at noon, M n. Young will hold a clearing sale of stock, ,Ac., as per advertisement. ,ii - i. (GIELlarT & Titmar: advertise that i;i v -e ceivc fresh fruit daily at their shop, npi- i:ite YounXg' yards, Wilson-street. 