H ou se o l Assem bly. The Speaker took the chair at 4.4£ p.m. FROM THE FATHERLAND. M r R ri bey presented a petition from 75 German and Danish immigrants,praying the House to make such provision at would permit them to bring their friends and relatives "from the Fatherland.” A t a later period of the evening, the S peaker ruled that the petition could not be received, as it was a translated document, and as the prayer asked for an expenditure of money. fishing in the huok. M r Burgess stated with regard to question raised by the member for Franklin on a previous occasion as to strictions in fishing in the River Huon, th at he had made enquiries, and that the secretary to the Salmon CemmiBsioners (M r Seager) had furnished Him with the following information:—" There are no restrictions against fishing in the Huon, nor is any rod and line fisherman required to purchase a fishing licence, unless fishing'for,'catching or killing trout." RETURNED BILLS. The R abbit Destruction and the Sale and Use of Poisons Bills were received with amendments from tbc Legislative Council. The consideration of th e amendments was fixed for next W ednesday. SUPPLY—POSTPONED ESTIMATES. The following items were agreed to :— Clerk in works branch of Lands Depart­ ment (altered to road surveyor and draughtsman), £200; secretary and manager of Government railways, £600; assistant engineer do, £376; locomotive I)a.ldy, stipendiary magistrate, Franklin, £300; recreation ground, Lalrobe, £207 insurance of Twins steamer, £62 10a; repairs to roads and fences, and improving and maintaining Franklin Square and Queen's Domain, and improving Barrack Reserve, Hobart, £800 ; improvement of public reserves, Launceston, £500; Drains end Sewage, Launceston, £200; expenses of revising the valuation rolls, £150 ; contribution to the Hew Guinea Protectorate, £*32 16s. In regard to the last item, M r Burgess intimated that Ministers had informed the Governments of the other colonies that they would submit a vote to Parliament for tbe year 1287, but they had made no promise beyond that. Progress was then reported. SAVINGS BANES 1UND8 BILL. M r D odds moved the second reading of this Bill. In Hew South W ales where the Savings Banks deposits amounted lo about £2,000,000, upwards of £1,000,000 w asplacedat fixed deposits in ether bonks. Ih e deposits in Victoria were much about the same, ^while in South Australia tbe deposits iu' the institution there amounted to something like £1,005,000 of which £335,000 were placed a t fixed deposits in otfaor banks. In the H obart Saving Bank the deposits reached £203,000.of which £80.000 we)-c placed at fixed deposits while in Launceston, the deposits were £125,000 and tbc proportion of that plaoed at fixed deposit in other banks was £65,000. Hence it would bo seen th at the proportion here was about the same as it was in ibe other colonies. M r L etts,was aware th at according to the rules laid down in May a bill could be brought on again after it h id < .been. thrown out, bid as far as he could reoolieot th a t pnetioe h a d , neTer ^ e n adopted in Tasmania, he should like to hear the Speaker's ruling as to whether the motion was in order. . ,. The 8rEiKEB considered that the, Attorney- General was quite in order to again move the scoond reading of .the - bill unless when the second ropding wrs ^ “wquwted.the"voidnnve " won the w ords" three ** or ‘ sir " months ,p r any other term were inserted. -1 Authority Would bs found for this in W e latest tafition of May, p. 145. He d id h o t think'foat, any notice should bs taken of pforioua praotioe in the House, simplyibbbause such a oourae had not been adopted before. M r BaipDONYvoula like to seo some limitation -plaoed'upon amounts to be deposited-in-otherhanks.- H e-knew '<>f several properties ^ p o n w^ioh- money could be let out itaok per oefti', And th at would be far.bettcr^gcurityjthanjjlaoing it in banks, which , they .had plenty of evidence to prove were not always safe. H e instanced the ^Oriental. B ank,.the Union Bank, the -G lasgow -B ank,'and others as oases in point, . - - M r Burgess: H ot the Union Bank. M r. B raddon: Yes j thp Union Bank before the h6n. m em ber’was bom, and it h a d caused rain to hundreds and ‘thousand in precisely the same way as the Glasgow Bank had done. D r. Oeowthbe said th a t he should reverse the vote he had given on a former occasion, because he tobto'loutt&'thnt t a H obart and Launceston .deposits were distributed over all tiie banks/ and they could b e withdrawn et a momehtVnbtiSe. As the money would in any case be do- \- - sited in the banks it might just as well .earninginterest.. .4 i F( : \ M r F itzgerald would alsbroFerae'.his vote, but he hoped the deposits would be equally distributed over the whole of the local banks. ‘ This should be'fairly done, ’and th e'tru stees of t b e 's a tin g -bknks should not p u s over th e banks upon which the greatest reliaooe cohld1b e laced. This was n o t /done in -H obart, ut in Launoeiton both the/U nion iBank nd the Bank of Australasia were passed ver, and. they were certainly two of .{the trongest backing institutions in . the olonics. ' ' . Dr. Y oung supported the second rtjatig. Carried. 1 I n Committee.—M r B badDon moved bn clause 1 an amendment th at not more than 30 per cent, of the Savings’.Banks deposits should be placed in other banks. Agreed to, . The clause as amended was passed. The bill was reported, and read the third tim e and passed. WAYS AND MEANS.-* SCAB ACT FUND. M r B ubgkss mored th at the introduction to the Scab Act fund for 1880 b e one halfpenny per head of sheep. He explained that be m ade the proposal on the recommendation of the Chief Inspector of Stock, and th a t many of the leading pastoralists had agreed to the increased amount to be leriod. —M r P illiKgRE moved as an amendment that th e amount be reduced to oae farthing, and after some discussion it was earned the following division s—Ayes, 12— Hartnoll, Braddon, McRensie, Conway, Young, H art. Pillinger, Reibey, St H ill. Dooley, Huston, Lvne. Noes, 10—N. J . Brown, W. T. Brown, Bird* Fitzgerald, Burgess, Dodds, Crisp, Lewis, Fenton, Mugliston. The reso* lution as amended was agreed to. Progress was then reported, and the resolution was passed through its various stages. A t 11.45 the House adjourned till Thursday next.___________ 