A Letter which we publish in another column from ' a Mackayite in Europe' leouis to^settlc tho much debated ques tion as to who prevented the Danish Laborers from cotrKntr out here. . In the House the planters were accused of do-' ing their best to prevent immigration, but now it appears that a farmer near Brisbane, whose name we suppresi as 11 matter of no interest, a native of Den mark wrote to the Commissioner for Police in Copenhagen and described what he had never seen, namely, a sugar plantation in Northern Queensland. Fiom this letter it appears thit no obstacles will be placed in tho way of emigration by the Danish Government, further than that they will not allovr intending emigrants to sign contracts for work before leaving. The writer of the letter has no further interest in the matter except that he would Use to see Queensland take advantage of the really splendid chance she now has to be supplied with skilled farm labor. Though no one in the North believed that the planters had interfered to prevent the introduction of Danes, yet many in the South thought they did, and this letter will explain the reason why the Immi gration schemo of the Government re sulted in a complete failure. In another column we publish the half yearly statement of the accounts of the Municipal Council, and wo have no doubt thai' an examination of them will prove satisfactory to th« ratepayer?. The financial year wag started with a debit balance of £916 9s. 5d. and when to this is added works authorised find neatly completed by ~ the last Council the debate balance was in reality £1343 0s&2d. I£ would be , manifestl r unfair in computing the expenses of the present 0$mcil to charge such items as wa*er.worl4 £161 11s. 3. Mayor's allow ance Miles, reception £69 10s, Lenehan's contract £ Q5~3s, 6d. against them. They had 1 ^part in ordering the work, and from t 1 general body of the r.ite payer3 get o credit for them, as they only paid t e.cost. In calculating tliia balance, cr( lit has bee* ?' given for the TjoveTiinlfitl ~«iiJllQRrme»'fc which was paid at the atter endTof Fflh'rnary, and only the re- iipts of the four months March, Aj 11, May and June ari credited to he present Council in the analysis o the Dr. balance shown at the end (t he statement of Receipts and Expeuditu! e. ' The majority of tlio present Cojincil went in on a rctrench ment policy ,? and it is worth noting how far they ' have fulfilled their election promises. The statement shows that they have »one to windwaM to the extent of £281 14«. 9d. during the four months that they have held the le'iDS, A. deficiency in the first half year before the rates begin (.0 come in, has been the rule hitherto, and June 1885 showed a deficiency £2213 7s. lOd, being an in crease of £500 0s. Od, on the debit balance of the previous half year. The salaries of all the Council's officers have been reduced, and the ratio their salaries bear, to the work done has been made smaller. The contract system has been introduced for all works, that can possibly be done by it, and a very great saving probably about 50 per cent has beeneffected thereby. In the receipts; a satisfactory increase is noticeable in the fees for the /registration of eattle, and dray licenses,' which amount to £79 108, as against £37 10s. in the cor respond ing six months last year, and £53 9s. for the whole of 1885. Though there was some difficulty at first about, the corporation doing, the scavengering, wo believe that moat of the rate-payers now recognise the saving effected by their action. Turning to the statement of liabilities and assets we find that the refunds for work done for privato indi viduals hog bepn reduced from £226 14s. 6J. to £128 15a. lld.,and it is hoped, to still farther reduce this item in the near faluro. TJncollcclcd rates amount to a very large item £2,809 9s. Cd., and we hope the Council will use every pndeavourto reduce these to less than £500 before the end of the year. We think that in tliis^matter they may safely follow the lead of the Divisional Board, who have shown that they do not intend to allow tho rates to remain unpaid, and by this moans hava reduced their uncullscted rates in Dec. 1886 £1,175 19s, Od, to the mero norni nal num it stood nt before tho present' rule waif struck, . Wo notice in amtlier column a warning to rate-pnycrs that they must pay up, and wo^ trust that tho Council will fallow this up, and not allow thoso -rato-paycrs who are ulwayH rc»dy with their money, to Buffer through »ork being neglected for tlioso who will not pay oxoapt under com [mi nion. Altogether tho outlook- tor the financiiil your in fiirly. bright, und if work iii carried on at tho same rato as i\t present, by tho end of thu year tho overdraft will have been considerably rodum). 