GERMAN AND SCANDIINAVIAN IMMIGRANTS. SThe following is a copy of the report laid before the Legislative Council: In presenting the following cursory re port on the result of the introduction of German and Scandinavian settlers into Tasmania, I beg to say that their earliest arrivals date from 1853 to 1856, the former the date of my own arrival here. From 1870 to 1872 this immigration was resumed, and the last small instalment was also brought out by me in September, 1881. Through the kindness of the Government Statistician I am able to state the follow ing figures,based on the last census of 1881. It appears that there are 1.136 of the above nationalities now in the colony, but as many Germans, Danes, etc., have come here not as immigrants, since the date of the census, and who do not appear on my lists, the total number may be fairly esti mated at 1700. Many have come here, guided by a pamphet which I published in Ilamburg, in German and Danish, of which I subjoin a copy, and which is the only book published in Germany about this colony as a desirable field for emigration. One family has been induced by itto leave Samoa for here, and is now settled in the country. • The general' character of my immigrants is- gregarious. They arrive here, go into country service, and after having saved money enough out of their wages, make room for others, and look about for a piece of Crown landnm. the neighbourhood of where one or two of the older arrivals have settled, sometimes in most inaccessible parts, and which would be considered as "not good enough" by most settlers, and thus lay the foundation of " German towns " all over the island. I give one instance out of many similar ones :-A man and his family of children I brought in October last put out of his and his wife's earnings about .10 into the Savings Bank, goes and buys 50 acres of Crown land down Channel, purchases his provisions, and takes down a pair of horses, plough, and implements, a cow, sow and boar, a stock of poultry, etc., builds himself a house out of the material on the ground, and settles down with some fourorfive G ermns and Scandlinavian neigh bours out of the same ship, also holders of 50 acres each in a place where there were only ione or, two foreign settlers before. Others'out of the last lot have gone down to the Peninsular and in the same way promise to dov well. This class of immi gralits,'who invest in the colony the money they. made here, should have their passage money advanced in terms of repayment. Another instance, a man,wife, and fami ly of six small girls I brought out about '72. The girls went into domestic service. after finishing their schooling, then got married, some to Tasmanians,some to Ger mans, and muster now between them up wards of 25 souls, the young ones natives, but with all the Saxon thrift and energy of their jIarents in them. The older set tiers up Bream Creek, Ringaroonma, Jeru-l salem, and many other districts are all substantial men, and my present lot bids fair to rival them in time. Their general character ' is law abiding, industrious, saving, and honest, "good pay," as the saying is. . They are not rabid politicians -our peasantry at home are not much used to politics-but that does not prevent them from being the most desirable element we could have introduced into the colony as a leaven. • As for physique they stand very high. One.need only look at some of my men,: who have taken places as private coachmen; it is a pleasure to look both at thenm and the condition of their horses. As to domestic service, the German and Dan ish female servant bears certainly favour able comparison with the average colo nial servant maid. I now beg to submit the following particulars kindly furnished me by the different de partments:-1. A number of charts show ing the more clustered settlements of Germans' and Scandinavians in the colony, to which must be added the numerous do tached settlements of my people in other districts. 2. A. return of their investments in the Savings Banks, Hobart, about £5000, depositors averaging £20 each. 3. An estimate of their investment in the life insurance, 01 polices for £12,500, exclusive of northern branches. 4. The valuation rolls showing to what large extent they contribute to the revenue of the colony. The foreign names are easily picked out of each roll. 5. By a rough estimate there are about 250 children of foreign descent on the rolls and 'in attendance at public cplsoolis, Au to "occupations" the large preponderance is on the side of small agri cultural pursuits, and as to wages they generally get better or as good pay as their competitors brought hero from London, and give value for money. This shows that their introduction anyhow does not tend to " cheapen labour." The Germans, to whom the Daily Teaegraph alluded some time ago, were not of my selection, but came from Adelaide to try their luck here, and returned. All the Danes and Germans which were introduced by me are now settled in Tasmania. I hope I have made out a fair case for the desirableness of the continued introduction of the same class of immigrants under proper selection. I have now the names of a number equal to 150 statute adults waiting at home to come and join their friends already settled in Tasmania. They are ready to fulfil the conditions of my proposed repayment system, It is not intended to swamp the colony with Germans, Danes, and Swedes to tho exclusion of Scotch crofters, Irish peasants, and English farmors,but an addi tion to the small number of foreign peasantry now here, and who have proved so very useful, is certainly desirable in the interest of our colony, the most suitable for them.' F. BUCK, Agent under the late immigration sys tem for Tasmania in Germany, eto. 