P oints. Bad.—The Q.T.C. Handicap. Tax Bbitish Soldibb.—Going to feed him | better. Huts Days' Wondeb.—Marshall's nine days' holiday. \ Doing Good Wore.—The now dredge Mary- j borough. Anotheb GoldRvsh,—In Western Australia this time. A Bios Tuf.—To the Golf of Carpentaria j in tho Luoinda. Forfeited Deposit.—That of tho "i dorsed" oandidate. Tightening.—The banks screws. Who will j be screwed down ? , • Impudence and Dignity.—A layman trying | to bowl out a judge. Of no tan.—The police iu keeping order when I the immigrants land. Kmnrao at Last.—Justioe Molesworth, of | Victoria; 79^ years old. Lively.—That Gapalaba meeting. Buok land said he rather liked it. Sweet on It.—The United States consumed | 1,228,000 tons of sugar in 18S5. Cunning Old Boy.—Buokland would not | say which route he should vote for. That's Teue.—In politioal credit Queens land never stood higher than now. 0 Tempoba!—To ask that our observatory | may be turned into a fire outlook. WhoObdeeed Hee?—Tho.Lnoinda. M'D-J wraith, Morehead, Archer, and Co. Lord Hartington's Attitude—He is looking | up, for the fact is, he is on his back. Another Municii&l; Contzbenoe.—To be | held in Brisbane on the 25.h instant. "What is She?—The census paper demands | that a man shall state the sex of his wife. Is it a Female?—It is said that there is a | baby in New York with a pair of brains. Pooh Drew.—Who married a daughter of | Mr. Gladstone's, must never be promoted. Funny Vote in thbCommons.—That no more | national money be voted to London parks. Serious News.—Queensland reported to be I shelling the residence of the Prince of Wales. Too High.—The services at Christ Chotch. The congregation cannot be "educatod" up to them. Long Intibval.—About once in 20 years an offioial inquiry is made into the public afiairs of India. Tiieie Nuhbee.—Agricultural holdings in | Ireland in 1881 amounted to 666,185; no more, no less. " Welcome to Gladeione."—But it was not weloome to Gladstone; it was welcome to | Griffith. Ought to be Watched.—Those individuals | who are exhibiting a penchant for other people's "tickers." Had He Seen theh Coming.—Sloss might I have drunk his half-bottle of whisky, if not all the Btout. Want of Wind.—On Saturday it was quite I clear that footballers wanted less flesh and | more wind. Too much fuss.—About the rival routes to I Cleveland. Draw it mildly, or you may draw | the badger. Pbetiy Fioube.—The cost of Englandje I army and navy will be about £60,000,U00 for | the current year. A Runaway Stab.—That is what some per- I sons thonght the comet was when they first saw it on Saturday night. Haed on Old Buffebs,—The contraot I secured by the Toowoomba Foundry for a large | supply of new ones. Too Mean.—Jerrymandorers getting a free | ride to Capalaba, and a free tea, at the ex pense of the straight line party. What a Diffeeenoe.—" Bnsinees in woollen I yearns is very fiat;" business in all other yearns is loug; divisional board yarn's. Raising the Wind.—Raffling a churoh har- j monium to raise money. Dono at Sandguto. Winner gave it biok for another raffle. Not Much Hurt.—Tho Bank of New Zea- I land. In spits of Holt it declared a dividend | of 15 per cent., and carried forward £30,000. Tit foe Tat.—1Tho" Eighty Club gave Lord I Hartington a dinner. He gave them a speech. Dr. Points is open for a similar engagement. Not all Holiday.—Tliut trip to the Gulf. The Chief Secretary will toko his quantum Of work daily. Making work for the session, chp Sad Accidents.—It iB reported that a good many ladies suddenly lOBt their memories -on Sunday morning. Forgot how old they were. A Good Haul.—Oxenham, the Sydney hook maker, is reported to have won £!2,000 by the success of his mare Cerise and Blue in the Sydney Cup. ' Tm Book oftiib Pio."—A book on that interesting animal. The book repeats tho old saw—that the pig is " the gintleman that pays the rint." Hee Daxdee —Mrs. Doctor Anna Kings ford, Paris, it highly, wrathful against If. Paiteur, says he is .——1 She uses strong lan guage, does that woman. So, So.—They Bay that thoro Is no food-pro duoing animal of more benefit to mankind than the pig, and none from which a groater variety of dishes can bo made. • Tnrau Pbecentaoes.—Mr. Brooks willro-' present 26-31 per cent, of tbo Valley electors. Mr. Watson's number represents 25'24. Mr. Gallofvay's number represents 4-44. Pbetty Puss.— The good domostlo oat - No more must c&toh; the rat, But kastSnto got fat For exhibition, oh. / Commencino.—Albert Edward, better known as the Prince of Wales, haB already commenoed busines-i. He has already collared a lot ol the olam shells oirt of the Queensland court. Pkbmutations.—Mr. Chamberlain [is said to bo in favour of a Land Bill for Ireland, but not home rule. Mr. Biett is for home rule but not a Land Bill. Mr. Morley is for both. "They" Say.—That great progress is being made with the movement for the separation of Northern Queensland. But the mischief of it is, all this progress iB in London Good Name.—"Thimble League." It is the tide of an association in London to aid in providing work at fair wages for women who live by the neodle. That is the sort of proton-, tion required. The Domestic Cat.—Mr. Walker suggested at the Q.N. A. meeting on Monday that there should be classes for oats, and it was agreed to. Look out ye maiden aunts and aged spinsters I Now's yer time. The BAUSAnno Homes.—Are now in want ol about £0,000. During the week in whioh this announcement was made in Dr. Birnado's little paper, the wills of 11 persons were proved ' in London at £899,000. His "Early Life."—It is a hook about Mulready. Now, Dr. Points suspects that Mulready's early life was muoh like the early life of other persons. Mul. Buoked his thumbs and made mud pies. Thanks to Sandy.—Amongst others, formal and special thanks have been given to Sir A. Stuart as an " ardent" worker for the exhibit tion. Why, Sandy haB never touched the work with one of his fingers. What They Call Them.—In China girls are called by such names as these: Cherry- flower, Peach-blossom, Plum-bloesom, Bamboo-leaf, Pine-woods, &o.; This .beats Evangelina, An gelica, and all that sort of thing. Must be Pboud op it.—The Autlralian Churchman gives the full text of Dr. Webber's words about the "cloven hoof," tho "loath some oreature," and the " advocatus diaboli." An expurgated edition would be better. Shilly-shally.—The [Government of South Australia are hesitating whether to acoepta tender for tho Pine Creek railway to be made by white labour at £691,068, or one at £605,421, under whioh Chinese could be employed, A Bit op News, Bather Old.—A new trans oceanic steamer line is to be opened on May 1st, from Trieste to Alexandria. It is part of the new line of the Norchern German Lloyd's^ at Bremen, subventioned by the German Empire, Horror op Horrors.—Our contemporary, referring to the deodorant business, says " if it (the refuse) is thrown into tho sea the water would .surely separate the disinfeotant from the fcecal matter." Comment would spoil the assertion. Hear Him.—The Spectator says: " We have owned Cape Colony for 80 years, and there are still within it nothing like half-a million whites. Why? Ear one reason, because in the colony dark labour competes with white." . The Otheb Way.—A telegram states that " H.B.H introduced the Queen to all the Boyal Commissioners." Tho ambition of even Henniker Heaton cortainly never rose beyond the desire of being introduced to the Queen. To have her introduced to him is too fat. "Punch's" Lbadino Cartoon.—Tho last number to. hand . is dedicated to Friendly Soeietus. There is one of these blessed in stitutions in London called the "Royal'Iaver Society,"- whoso secretaries drew £5,000 a year for their services.. Phoy must have been royal livers, and no mistake. The Valley Bace.—The flag fell to a moder ate start, Galloway being left at the post. Brooks made the running throughout, and stalling off a resolute challenge from Watson won by 56 lengths. Galloway's jockey could not get him to move from tho post for some time/hut eventually ho started off and came in alone. Satisfactory.—Thero is a sarcastic saying about the Cunard Line, invented by thoio who consider that ^company sacriiico seme of their passengers' comfort to considerations for their safety, that if you ask for a clean napkin on board a Cunarder ihe well-trained steward replies, "Wo have no olean napkins, sir, but we never lost a life." Dastaitos.—'The Spectator says: "The wont of all the features of the Irii*h problem is the loathsome cruelty which the people evince to wards those whom they choose to regard m taking the landlord-* side ; and not only • gainst them, but against their innocent outtle The Knight of Glin writes to yesterday's Times to relato a ca*o in which the peasantry burned alive eight head of cattle belonging to a tenant of his who hud taken a farm from which a man, who had been a defaulter of rent for fivo years together hud at last been evicted, and had fear* fully mutilated 15 head of cattle belonging to another tenant.1' Tho French Chamber of Deputies has agreed upon the sale of the Crown joweli to provide a fund for aged workraoo. * The Lower Hou«e of tho Danish Parliament has rejected ihe Government meannre estab lishing protcctivo duties on corn and sugar. At Burton-on-Trent, during the holidays, tho Allsopps, brewers, gave away 15.000 lbs. of prime moat, and tho Messrs. Bass, 19,006 lbs. It is literally trao that population increases most rapidly among tho lowest classes, and in tho most procarious conditions of subsis tence. In the Keiohstsg, ou tlio 20th March, Prince Bismarck made a npeeoli iu which ha referred in ominous language to the attitude ot Franco. ' * 