THE DORUNDA RELIEF FUND. A MEETINO of the committee of the Dorunda Relief Fund was held in the mayor's room, Town Hall, yesterday morning, under the presi- dency of tho ex-mayor (Aldorraan Babbidgo), for the purpose of making arrangements with a view to the distribution of tho moneys which have bcon subscribed for the bereaved immi- grants. The other membors of the committee prcsont were-Messrs. J. C. Moffat, J. Hard- grave, O. H. Buzacott, J. Myers, Revs. G. Woolnough and J. Stewart (secretary). Tho minutes of the previous meoting having been road and confirmed, the secretary announced that most of the lists wcro now closed, but there were various sums still outstanding. The amount in the Queensland National Bank that morning was £857 8s. 2d,, including the Courier fund. Mr. Myers tendered a cheque for £99 3s. Gd., making a total collected by him of £209 3s. Gd. The secretary further stated that there was a small sum of £4 3s. in the Australian Joint Stock Bank, and lie had cheques in his possession for £3 3s. This brought the total up to £903 17s. 8d. In addition to that there was a pretty considerable sum subscribed in Townsville, and in answer to a telegram ho had been informed that thclistthcrc closed last week, and that the amount subscribed would bo for- warded as soon as possible. The excellent manner in which the Southern and Wostorn Railway fund had been managed, said the secretary, deserved special mention. No less than £200 had been subscribed by the em- ployes in the Railway Department, mostly in sums of 2s. Gd. each Tho chairman drew tho attention of the committee to a number of photographio views of quarantine station at Peel Island, which had boen Bent by Mr. Spry, who suggested that they might bo sold for the benefit of tho fund. Mr. Spry had already incurred an expense of £24 in tho matter, and ho (the chairman) did not know whether ho expected tho comraittco to recoup him or not. It was decided that the secretary should write to Mr. Sprcy, informing him that it was beyond their provinces to do anything in the matter, and at tho samo time thanking him for his suggestion. Tho next question under consideration was tho disposal of the rooney. Tho secretary said ho had been making inquiries with regard to tho intentions of tho bereaved pewons. Mrs. Hewett, who had three children aged 5h, 3J, and 1J years, and expected another shortly, was very reluc- tant to remain in tho colony, but ho had in- duced her to forego hor intention of returning to England at least for the present. She said her friends at homo were not in particularly good circumstances, but they might tako her children amongst them, while sho undertook somo kind of work for her maintenance. Ho (Mr. Stewart) thought the better course would be to encourage her to remain, even if they were to endeavour to get her children into tho orphanage for somo time. Sho would be able to support herself by cleaning and houac work. It was decided that the Bum of £250 be guaranteed to Mrs. Howett in the event of her remaining in tho colony. Mrs. WeBtwood, who it was stated had thrco chil- dren, and had already begun to work for her support, was guaranteed £200. Mrs. Daly, an elderly woman who had sovcral grown-up children, and whose eldest son was 27 years of ago and nnmarricd, and although in delicate health, had a house of bis own, was allowed £100. Mrs. Doran, who lost her husband and two children on the passage, and who had now one boy 10 years of ago, was granted £200. Mrs. Kid, who had no children, and who it was said was able to maintain herself as a drcssraakor, was guaranteed £75. Tho two widowers, the Danish brothers Sunstrup, ono of whom was a tailor, and the other a shboemaker, were awarded £25 and £50 respectively. The shoemaker, it was said, was not a strong man, and he was left with six little children, and it was thought he ought to receive the larger aum. The tailor, it was stated, who had ten children, most of whom were able to do something for themselves, had already got employment in Sandgate at his trade. On the motion of Mr. Buzacott it was resolved that the persons named should make application in writing to the committee setting forth in what locality in the suburbs they would like freeholds to be secured for them. Tbcy might, said Mr. Buzacott, select their own freeholds, and the committee would com- plete the purchase for them. Ho did not think a hard-and- fast line ought to bo drawn, but if any of the applicants desired to open a small store, a portion of the money might be advanced for that purpose. It was to be distinctly understood that these Bums would only be granted on the condition that the persons remained in the colony, and that no money would be voted to pay homeward passages. On the motion of Mr. Moffat it was decided that Messrs. Savage, Kemp, Hasel in, and Hall, who bad been unceasing in their attendance on the sick during the voyage down the coast should bo awarded a gratuity of £5 each. The proposi- tion met with some opposition, on the ground that it was beyond tho scope of the operations of the committee, but it was stated that the men had sustained a considerable loss through having their clothing and somo of their effects destroyed, and there was no other way of re- compensing them for their efforts in aid of the sick, and the amount was accordingly voted. There was no other business before the meeting. I 