THE AGENT-GENERAL'S REPORT. From the report for 1885 of the Agent- General for Emigration, dated London, 1st March, we take the following: - During the year emigration was mainly conducted on the instructions issued in November, 1883, viz.: - Not to exceed 1000 a month of all classes, giving preference to nominated passengers, and con- fining free passages to single women and single men - farm labourers. The total number of vessels despatched during the year has been thirty. Of this number thirteen were mail steamers from London; one extra steamer from Glasgow, with office passenger;, two sailing ships - with limited numbers - one from Plymouth, and the other from London to Maryborough, direct - also ofiice passengers; and fourteen steamers - twelve of which were from London and two from Glasgow - carried passengers under the 17th section of the Immigration Act of 1882, usually called "bounty" passengers. The total number of passengers by these vessels was 11,620 souls - equal to 10,394 adults. Of this number the free-nominated, remittance, free, and indented passengers were 7053 souls; and the full payers and bounty, 4567 souls. The passengers were sent to the following ports: - Brisbane, 7636; Maryborough and Bundaberg, 922; Rock- hampton, 1267; Mackay, 175; Bowen, 60; Townsville, 1293; Cooktown, 244; Thursday Island, 23; total, 11,620 souls. The remittance and free-nominated passen- gers number 4400 souls, as against 3946 in 1884. Of this number only 725 were free nominated from the Continent, the rest being remittance from the United Kingdom. The full payers were 1145 souls, the indented 50, the bounty 3422, and the free 2603. The nationalities of these passengers were: - English, 6322; Scotch, 1572; Irish, 2980; other countries, 746. The free emigrants consisted of 1120 single women, 1243 single men - farm labourers, and 240 families of the farming class. These families, although a slight departure from the general instructions, I con- sidered it advantageous to send. The free emigrants, with the exception of about fifty persons, were able both to read and write, or either to read or write only. Of the 2603 free passengers, 1367 were English, 936 were Irish and 300 were Scotch. I may mention here that manv of the Irish emigrants came through the English agencies. The counties of Middlesex, Lincoln, York, Herts, Durham, Cornwall, Stafford, and Devon contributed more than half the number of emigrants fiom England, and the rest were fairly distributed over the remaining counties. In Ireland, the counties of Clare, Tipperary, Kerry, Armagh, Galway, and Derry supplied the greatest number, and in Scotland, Lanark- shire, Aberdeen, Forfar, Ayrshire. The despatching officer throughout the year reported very favourably of the free single men, usually describing them as a strong healthy body, and evidently accustomed to working on the land. Every care has been taken in the selection of the single women by a careful examination of their certificates of character, and by the issue of a confidential circular to their late employers; and I am happy to say that the reports of the despatch- ing officer about their behaviour at the depot have been most satisfactory, and I venture to hope that they will prove to be a respectable and valuable addition to the domestic class of the colony. The despatching officer has experienced most anxiety and trouble in the final approval at the depot of the remit- tance passengers. Many of them on being questioned, have admitted that their friends had left the colony since they were nominated, and that they intended joining them as soon as possible after landing. When cases of this nature have been detected they have been re- jected , but it is not too much to suppose that many have escaped detection, and thus secured passages to the colony, fully intending only to make it a stepping-stone to reach their friends cheaply in Australasia. Others, again, are so poor that they present themselves at the depot without having the clothing and outfit neces- sary for the voyage, so that I have had to pro- vide them with necessaries at the expense of the Government before I could allow them to embark. These cases are not very numerous, but they all tend to show the weak spots in the system, which, although I consider admirable in theory, is liable in practice, unless sur- rounded by sufficient safeguards, to be detri- mental to the colony. I, therefore, consider that the greatest possible care should be exercised in issuing nomination papers, by ascertaining the bona fides of the nominors, and if practicable, by the compulsory deposit of a small sum, to bo used for the benefit of the nominees in providing them with proper clothing, if actually found necessary to do so, on their presenting them- selves at the depot, otherwise to be returned in the colony. I would also suggest the publi- cation of a few simple rules on the most im- portant points, for the guidance of the nominors and the officers intrusted with the issue of nomination applications, so as to prevent un- desirable persons receiving nomination forms. It must be borne in mind that the nomination form when issued, goes direct to the nominee, who invariably at once makes arrangements for leaving home, and frequently, by his certifi- cates, conceals physical injuries and defects, which might, if declared, be a bar to his getting a passage, trusting to the irregularities not being discovered at the depot. It becomes an invidious task to reject persons at the depot who have broken up their homes and perhaps travelled long distances; again, expense must be incurred in returning them to their country - they being invariably penniless, - besides which it tends to disparage the colony by apparently refusing to carry out our nomination system. For these reasons too much care cannot be exer- cised in the colony; and it might further be necessary to consider whether power should not be obtained to limit the right of nomination to persons who have resided continuously, at least, twelve months in the colony. During the year there were 1365 souls residing on the Continent, nominated, of which only 725 were able to avail themselves of free passages. Arrangements were made in the earlier part of the year whereby passengers, if they thought fit, could travel from Hamburg to Harwich and then direct by train to the depot at Blackwall. The reports of the despatching officer do not speak so favourably of the class of foreign emigrants as that of the previous year. The despatching officer is of opinion that the passengers by the bounty system are the best class of persons leaving for our colony. In most instances they are attracted to it by the good reports and success of their friends there. This is very encouraging, but it must, however, be borne in mind that this system cannot pro cure for us the agricultural labourer, he not having the funds sufficient to pay his quota of the passage money. I have further found that it is calculated to supply an undue proportion of mechanics. For these reasons I have thought it expedient to despatch in each bounty ship a certain proportion of free passengers - single women and farm labourers. It is also, I am of opinion, dangerous in affording opportunities to philanthropic bodies to assist persons who aro out of work from some cause or another. No doubt many o' these would make good colonists, but being usually of the class termed "general labourers," working in the towns, they would not be so likely or willing to go up country, but apt to swell the population of the coast towns. This matter received my attention some time since, and I informed the contractors under the bounty system that applications from philanthropic and charitable societies could in nowise be considered. Mr. Randall, emigration lecturer, reported himself on the 23rd March, and commenced his duties by re-writing to some extent the official "Handbook for Emigrants,' altering the statistics, and bringing the information down to the latest date. After some interviews with Mr Randall, I requested him to commence his lectures in the rural places of Lincolnshire, where he had been well received when in England before. I have been pleased to hear, from time to time, that he has met with over- whelming evidence that the majority of the persons who emigrated under his instru- mentality are doing well in whatever part of the colony they have settled. Mr Randall also visited and lectured throughout the counties of York, Oxford, Norfolk, Suffolk, Essex, Herts, Buckingham, Wilts, Somerset, and Devon, always confining himself to the moderately sized villages where the best agriculturists are most readily met with. The reports which he has periodically furnished lead me to hope that he has succeeded in arousing the agricultural labourer from his apathy and disinclination to leave home, and that the result of his last year's labours may be expected in a greater emigration of that desirable class to the colony this year. He also informs me that he has met with greater support from the local Press of the places visited, by giving him full reports of his meetings and by constant reference to emigration in their columns. In most places he has received the active support of the clergy and of the landed proprietors, by either taking the chair or speaking at his meet- ings. I have granted free ship kits and railway fares in a few deserving cases specially recom- mended by him; and I also gave him permis- sion to take the local agent with him through his district so that he might gain experience about the class of persons most desired and thus conduct his agency more in accord with my wishes. Mr Randall has expressed his opinion on several occasions that the system of indenting farm labourers in England might be advantageously worked if the farmers in the colony would only take the matter up heartily. He considers that hundreds of farm labourers would willingly emigrate if they had a definite engagement for two or three years, at wages varying from £25 a year upwards with rations, who otherwise would not leave this country. Mr. Garrick goes on to speak of the arrival of Mr. Pietzcker in May and the failure of his mission. Shortly after Mr. Pietzcker had made his arrangements to leave, schedules were received for indented Danish labourers for Mackay. They were, however, to be selected by a Mr. Theodore Hansen, who was authorised to sign their agreements, and who had been, I am in- formed, sent home for this purpose by the Planters' Association of Mackay. Mr. Hansen encountered the same difficulties that Mr. Pietzcker met with, the Copenhagen authorities, amongst other things, objecting to license him as an emigration agent. At Mr. Han- sen's request, I went to Copenhagen and succeeded in establishing an arrangement with him and a licensed emigration agent there, a Mr Riber, by which Mr. Hansen should select and sign the agreements with the labourers, and Mr Riber should clear them at the Danish ports and forward them to London. By this means I overcame the difficulty, and would here mention that I received con- siderable assiatance from the Colonial Office, who requested the Legation at Copenhagen to forward my views. Before leaving Copenhagen I was assured by the Director of Police, who controls emigration, that there would be no further objection on his part to this system of emigration. I submitted to him the form of agreement, which he considered sufficient. On my return to London I had proper agreements drawn up, and translated into Danish and for- warded to Mr. Hansen believing that, as every- thing was now arranged, the first batch of labourers would soon be ready to embarkfor the colony. However, the Minister for Justice at Copenhagen has intervened, and made some objections about which I am expecting infor- mation from Mr. Hansen, and unless these are removed, he tells me, he cannot take steps to secure the people. The disbursements from emigration and general purposes accounts for the year were - emigration, £80,258 9s. 4p.; general purposes, £16,768 18s. 7d. Certificates to enable the con- tractors to obtain the second moieties of passage money, amounting to £65,195 2s 9d., were also issued. The Savings Bank collections amounted to £21,372 2s 7d., and deposits, at 2 1/2 per cent, to £6010; together-£27,382 2s 7d., showing a slight increase of £518 10s. 11d. over the pre- vious year. I have on several occasions spoken at public meetings on the subject of emigration, explain- ing our system and the class of emigrants we require and the benefits likely to follow their emigration to Queensland. As opportunity allowed, I have visited the depot and have been satisfied with the accom- modation provided and the care bestowed upon our people. I have also from time to time been present at the survey of stores and at the despatch of vessels and have found the pro- visions of good quality and the berthing of the emigrants satisfactory. 