BRISBANE. [(o 0M oUR wNM con aEPiitD IT.) Wedneedsay February 10. The successful tenderers for the ereS&lon; of a new timber bridge over the Balonbe'Rtver, at Surat, are Doyle and Gilbert. for £7814 t19. The only bridge works in hand now are the IpowiCh bridges. Not withstanding repeated warninge, the'members for the Ipawich district have notinterpoeed to hove iron bridges erected. Timber bridges are well enough in their way ; but Ipowich should have got beyond them by this time. The Merkara'ns immigrants arrived yesterday, and, as usual, many at once joined their friends. Of fifty single women, only fourtees remaintb in the depot, and of these only two were available'fbo himre as domestic servants. For these theresaere many applicants, and at one period of the morning it was expected there would be enacted a scene vgry, similasr to those reported as taking place in the bsrgig-room at the Sydney immigration depOt lately,. ThaDoranda relief fund committee met,y?' erday. to draw their labours nearly to a close. The total amount said to be in hand or expeledl was over £900. The widows and bereaved were'provided for as follows:-Mrs. Hewett and three children. £250 ; Mrs. Westwood and three children, £200: Mrs. Doran and a boy ten years, £2100 ; Mrs ,;Daly £100; Mrs. Eid, £75. A Danish tailer, namaed Stndistrn?, with six children, was allowed £25. Snifelrstps brother-a shoemaker, with ten ehilrten-was al lowed £50. To each of four men who we' re atten tive to the sialck £5 was granted. The "Sacred lbis"-Meeton by msiltd- has nsu ceeded in obtaining £800 from the Minister for Works for expenditure on the CairaI Herbhrton road. It is rumoured here that Mr. Miles declined to grant a special train for the Warwcek: slow, and that, consequently, the other visitors were obliged to go by the ordinary trains. It is stated that the Postmaster-General, who left by a special at 8'25 p.m., had to pay special rates. This io the rumour. It may be true or not. The banquet to Mr. B. D. Mordrsad., M.L.A., is likely to be a success. Party psolitica elc to be eschewed as far as possible. Atthe nwetj tegr day, various suh-committees wie sppointt tp look after the arranenetentes. ' The Chief Justice was errv rough on insolvent commission agents, this inorniig, ?ben dealinog with the application of George Hart n fr hid cnet?fi nate of discharge. It will h remeiniierel that Mr. Harden was a produce constiacion agent.a few years ago; he is now a mining and share broker. Sir Charles is repritel to have said-'" It n? 'the duty of a oenmmisei.t agent to re.'irve the cot0-s enit to him, sell th n, and receive moneys for uh0li,. ; and, after dedncetiug his comitsibon, pay the uinerycover to his consotituents. If Ihe used those iitneve, for his own purposesa, in his opinion the cnmnsisson agent placed himself in the paosition of a roller. it r'fus. ing the certificate, Sir Charles said he Phauitil apply the rule in all cases, whether the parties were hIngh or low. rich or poor, to the richest merchant or the poorest commission agent." WVithot referring specially to any case in particular. I take leave to nay there ore few, if any, who will duangiee with the Chief. An injunction was granted by the Chief J.unstice, this morning, on the alipheaction if V.' hl. Galloway, against Fraecis Beattie. to present the latter from taking his seat on the Boorooulahin D)iviio?.?l 1,lard until a ruling has been given. by the Supr'die Court, on the recenit decisions of the returning.ofllicer as to the non-validity of certain v.tes. It is already annouiced that the new M,aN,.r in. tends giving a citizens' ball dlring the, :i.ming season. Charitable auhacriptions may he r li very well; hut Mr. Hipwood thinks there is much good done by a ball which causes at ,last 3O00tr d.4JO to be expended in the city. A proposal Sito eunnetrert as unulergonnil rihi!way thontuli the Valley to Blimha s tain??. i.it ty a depitatin to tihe Mayor, this murintg. It aill hbe further dIralt with to-ntoirow. The farewell of the ?tev W.V.t Moi re; iii Petrie. teriaee Itptist Chirch, wAs ttket, hI.t II .hc at a very large seetitig h 1.1 in the churlch. Mr. lore, who is sixty years of age, has lab eared in the sneigh. ioutrhoodl for sixteeu years, and ill ri, laone for nineteen years. Tre ilMuliipal Conneil meeting wasa sitrrat one, this ofternoon. 'Tihe chief row wasuoer 'hin.,l,,int. it tt of repre-sentatives to the: Trautic lit .. The ex-Mlayr, how.ever, had his way. ai h-" a- ..t1 in eolleagese of last y ear were re-applir"1i. ti the rxcdisioi of the Mayor. The iailwav arbitrator Ihe-ard several aures this afteruoun. 'iThe only one of l-cal interest waa thei claim of Croxford Cross for etntpenusati Ir thil. lnns of his house and properly through the c .'"i.e of the new station at Iesnich. lhe , v n iiner offered £]150. F'ioe Hailing. jun.. val. c i ,. p.o perty at £2600; Alexander Maoegor.c,,i <ll.htt : 8. Shentou (for tihe Ctnuises oter) valued it ac t I120. The arbitrator reserved his deeeion. A jockey lord met his o1,- college tot rt- . a reat horse fair. " Alt, doctor." exhininwd thI p;eir. "what brings you nnmog so niseli e?tl. ? I.s. vo, think you can tell a horse frtm. at., ne :' " 1lMy lord," replied the tutor, "I dlistingtuish. ybo ag?sgi the horeesa." , 