:Oifcy:. Olia/t*' By The .Farceur. :/;Bedlani .tumed .loosQ. on d big, • burst. Those! are the -words-: which 'briefly, but truly, describe' ^'parliamentary- misdoings ofthopast wbejc; ■; "All1 thougHts"'.of'getting 'oil with,'the business-of.the;co^try seemed .to4iaye:;been/oast.,Vtoitho :.wihds, the chief iobject'of theOppositkm.'being to attack and ■'annoy 'the ^oyernmeiifi ^ at" every-! point, '-piart, >made,'- a:;jBtui)l)pmj;ro'sw^ an tlip end,won,the ;battle.:^Thb:bxact; amount of the killed and wounded is-not stated,! but I ..^li^y^ri-the^v-groiatest,/• number fdoad. ^especially, i those of; tlio ;ihariub;' j oovps— ,wore fouudlon,,the, gory field- of: the.>ijefresh aiieiit room v • J One" honV member 'was taken *out,'iii-a;fit ;;; two ^otliers-^M^ 'JVAll^thrpatoned'to throw up theii\cpmmis 'sibnsat once, and the^Ghairman of (Dpmniit :tees,;;Mi'. Trickott^got such a torrible doing •that'ho-lias since''tendteredUns resigpatibn.. Iiis'j r/ocYfJii.- ;*;pf; iFi'iclay * liigbt,; s'Mr. Slattpry.'is^threa an^ cation5 f for !boos ting ; Mr.<. Jack, I Shepherd.. oufiof ;'tho 'Hpuso;'fpr what the ^foorce :profess!ibrially Vrlglitqous♦ ;cbriductin Mr/ Iwater *ViiidigibiiiUy\t?©»i4s*;,thttt-;' lio: bypr:i smelt'thocorkof a whisky bbttlo , • and Mr. Melvillo doclares ho can put a < head as big!as. a lirobellfpn-the' roporter who allegod . they:aofagb'fcy;'Nm^ spugbtiitlie. ^protection; of ^ a., - lady-. )vhilst leaving J the House on' ■ Sunday morning."; The-ructions •were at their height on> Friday niglit,: and during the greater part of the proceedings, it was remarked .that.,, many'; generally • staid and ssober / mombors wore highly!) excited with what they 'colli' patriotism; but what '';Mr;ij;Mblyillb«designates;.with . a vo'ry;;.dif foront•:'term..;7;Siv-:|Hehry Parkea thumped, ono' end of the table vigorously■, and shouted out, that the • Govornmont was composed' of a set. of;j/i'aitors; :Mf|^i^db^i':l}^gpd;.iajb: the other end and' yelled that they were cowards; Mr. Gibb'es rolled a blanket round his manly form, blackfellow fashion, and took the chair ; whilo Ml\ Neild ener getically roared aloud for the police, and crew liko a rooster so naturally that ail the hens about the neighbourhood imagined morning had arrived, and promptly turned out and began to lay. It was remarked as a strange l'act that amongst the many repre sentations given of animal Jifo, 110 lion, members had the good sense and taslo to bray like an ass, but whether 'this Jiversigh was the result of a modest disinclina tion to draw personal attention to them selves or not is a matter of much doubt at present. As Sunday morning began to draw near, quite a number of the Opposi tion seemed to suddenly wake up to the fact that it would be an infamous thing for them to desecrate the Sabbath (especially as the Government held the winning cards) by playing out the stonewalling game, and an adjournment till Tuesday was then agreed to. On Tuesday the rival ranks opposed each other onco again, and carefully did' nothing uutil midnight, when they ad journed, with an apparent inclination to meet again, and ropeat, if necessary, the disgraceful scenes of the previous week. That the, Government will win the battlo seems a foregono conclusion, but that the Opposition will-do all they can to'tiro their oppouents out is just as eertain. And between tho two factions, the country's business is going to Hades with a velocity that seems to bo totally uncalled for. # - # # Looking over the last issue of our spark ling little paper, I find that a party whom tho generally chivalrous S. 21. Herald alludes to as the " aliened escaped nun " has honored 1110 with hor censure. Miss O'Gorman asserts that her sensational story was not questioned by any American journals. If this is really the case, I am sorry I spoko, but it is a matter for regret that the lady was not quite so omphalic in her denial when the New Zealand Tablet .published in its issuo of October 28, 1885, some remarkable statements which were ■made by the Boston 'Pilot, and the New York Sun, when Miss O'Gorman first' started, on: her " reko'rky " revelation mis sion. personally, I have 110 knowledge of Miss O'Gorman beyond what I havo road in tho papers, and, being simple enough to beliovo that everything winch appoars in the papers (especially in tho American papers) is true, I was naturally led into making tho statement I did. Nothing would give mo greater pain than to know I had' wronged a nun, either escaped al locked up, but, in justice to rnysolf, I must ask what reply Miss O'Gorman made to a par. in tho Tablet of the dato montioned, which rubs the printer's gall and vinegar in after this fashion.~ \Vb may add that 011 a visit paid by this poor, un fortunate creature to Uoston, the l'ilut published its sketch of her miserable cnrcer, quoting her lollers. anil promising to produce the originals it' a legal .'action,.which the■ eelitor courted, were taken. But Edith, or Biddy, as sho was move commonly called, ■hold her tongue and took no action. : * # # Tho'Tablet further declared -that tho New York Sun also published' these letters, and that one of. them was addressed to tho -Superioress of St. Joseph's Convent, New Jersey, and opened up liko this v, Dear .Mother,—i humbly request of you to write to'mo before next I'ucsdny, whether 1. will lie re ceived' oi- not. My money ia nearly gone, and I have no work now ; therefore, 1 shall bo obliged *to do something. Sister- Julinnna told mo my sister Mary , was to soo mo,., and that you told her about mo. -\s long as my friends know of my misfortune, I will go to them if yon will not take mo back, and i will try my best lb iniiko rcuitulioii. But, dear Mother, I will never again be happy;' Oh,' I. hope and'pray you will tako me again into my only home . wherein 1 eair be'saved, These would bo striiugp words for an " es caped nun" to write,"o'nei, therefore, we caii come to 110 other conclusion, I presume, than that; thc^editioi' of t\io Pilot lied,; the editor of tho Sun lied, and tho editor;of the Tablet also -lied; ^and^ thereby 'did an unfortu nate1 lady :groat wrong.:' For .my. poor-part, ' 'however,;I; 'submit;rt,'was,,led; .away jby the . plausible' Stores told by those bold :bad 111011, "but—there's., a. but in everything, from a goatup'---at tho same timo I would liko very much to .;kn6w, what action Miss O'Gorman took in tiib above business. ' Looking over, these infamous pars.'again, I lind; it stated , that ,011 one occasion Miss O'Goriiiaiv boasted .thatMr. Frank Mayo,- in company with Mdine. l'arepa Rosa and Mr. Sothern,' attonddd one of. her lectures, and that ''judging-from tho hearty applause given, he enjoyed 'it greatly." The bold; bad man on the Pilot asserts, howevor', tliat Mr. Mayo wrote to say thatj so far from ap-. plau^ag,';'tb©''>»ly-;Mp'r6Mion loft onyliim was that lie had " been listening to a woman who had more interest iu the almighty, dollur than mHhe; Ahniglity GodiV .! 'i'.-l ■ :: :> *. " ■ # * i Not only havo I bocn appAron tly lodjastriiy by the Anierican papers, but it would appear that at/loast cue London journal was!iii the! Cvilb cbn"spiracy as well; ,For example, Lord ■A^chjbald.pouglas>;writiug .to the Ijoiidon Universe says — j ; ( .',Inf.tho,same, niimbersho. (O-'Gorman) said. tho. '.writpi'o£ tj)o arti.olb >vaa very ignorant ncvoivto have hoard of the great O'Gorman trials—that she had '.brought,"(i "groataotioii niiil gained it, 1 ,givo .her ywu AVords,.sighed by hor ownhand, i . , : • . Want of space compels me to kobp backtUoso words to-day, but, uftor quoting thorn', Lord Douglas says • ■ ./■/'_ ; r , ; ' : : ' Tho following wools I reproduced these words of 'hei'3,with thesu telegrams : , t From . ■ i. , , . To 1 ■ Dev. Lord Douglas, Chief Police, • ' ■ .',Harrow ltodd, '. s ,. Sttu Frftueiseo. ; London. , .Did Jidithrp'Gormau ton yenra since, bring and gain libel notion against Jesuits ? ' ' From ,, . , . To ■ ' ' P; Oro3byi ' ltev. Lord Douglas, ■ . Chief Police, Harrow lload, ' - : Siin Kraubiseo: London. ■ ' Neither notion hor judgmenL against Jesuits.' ' Hor ans wer to: this, is huno to il degree. Slio says now tho action was against" sbmc men who .were tools of the Jesuils. .Such an explnnatioti iieeds iio furthor comment.-H-l.'am, yours'faithfully,' AiioittDALD Douai.AS. ' All this I,state "without the slightest proju ,dico, whatever.;,! Nothing is farther from my'tliouglits than to attao-1: a lady, but, as IMiss: ,0'Gorman has flatly contradicted a statomont mado by .mo, I think it but fair to myself to show that rnino was uo rash assertion, but that it was fouuded on what I deemed sufficient evidence. What I have quoted contains only the mildest portions of the paragraphs referred to, but have the balance at hand should their publication bo desired. * # # [We clip the following from the Uathurst Five Press report of Mrs, Auf'fray's lecture there on Tuesday evening, A number of slips were issued, containing a similar letter and the the copy of a telegram from Rev. Lord Douglas to that quoted by " Farceur," and Mrs. Auffray, in answer to them, said: It Jlishop McFarlaud wlio gave her tlio letter written by the Mother Superior of the Convent, when lie was urging her to go back, aud to prove lii.lt these lottos put in circulation were false she would read tint letter, which was dated threo weeks niter those which it refuted. She then read the following "•St. JClizabath's Mother House, Madison, New Jersey, •Tune 29th, 18(53. Eight lies'. Bishop McFarlaud. of Providencc and Hartford. My Lord Bishop,—In great anxiety of mind 1 again presume to address your lordship con cerning Miss Jidith O'Uormaii, in religion, Sister Teresa de Chautal, who' so abruptly and mysteri ously departed from our holy community last January, without money and in her religious dress, uud of. whose fate we have yet heard nothing. For a few weeks before she so f-trangely disap peared, she had manifested sign? of mental derange ment, which we thought might have been caused through her extreme scrupulosity of conscience. From the time when she first entered our holy com munity, 1.802, until she so suddenly lel t it, her eon duct had always been most exemplary nml edifying; and She never failed to give the most entire satis faction in tlic fervent and faithful performance of all her religious duties and devotions. It is tlie gieat suspense and uncertainty regarding our dear sister, r.ud the knowledge) of your lordship's acquaintance with her and her family, which induces me to address you and trouble you, my lord, in this sad cu-c, by humbly begging your lordship to inform me'Whether she has yet bicn heard of at her home, or if her pa roots are aware of her departure from among us But if they have not heard from her, ami still believe her to be safe in our convent, would it not be best for their own sake, and for ; our holy community's sake, not to undeceive them ! —a decision which is entirely submitted to your lordship's judgement and wisdom. My lord, I have the honour to remain your lordship's most huifible and obedient servant in Christ. '• Mauy Xavieu, Mother Superior." With reference to the telegram from Lord Douglas oil the slip, she explained that it was the agents of the Jesuits that she said had been fined, and I jo rd Douglas must have known that when he sent his cablegram.' If ho had asked for informa tion about those agents he would have received a different reply from the Chief of l'olicc, for the libel action was brought against them. In proof of the truth of her statement she read the following letter from the lawyer who conducted her case " Tyler and Tyler, Attorneys-nt-Law, 318 Pine Street, San Francisco, California, " March 1-lth, 1885. Pro. W. AufTray. : Dear Sir,—1 hero slate the facts connected with yon and your wife's troubles in San Francisco, in 1872. .Your wife and self were grossly libelled by Ausbro, one of the firm of Ansbro anil Allis, private detectives, t was em ployed by you, and had them arrested for libel. There was a'long examination, lasting several days, the result of which was that you and your wife were • vindicate.!. Ausbro was held in bail 5,000dols. for libel, subsequently convicted and fined l,000dols. Allis was ordered into custody for perjury, admitted to bail in the sum of 15,000dols. Ho skipped the country nud has never been here since. It was publicly charged, published in the newspapers, and never denied, that the • detective lirm,' Ansbro and Allis, were employed by the Society of Jesuits in San Francisco. The lawyers were employed by them : the line of Ansbro for l,000dols.' was paid by them, and the bail of Allis, of 15,000 do Is. was furnished by the Society of Jesuits. The legislature afterwards released the society as bondmen for Allis. I .Mow these are the facte, and that the affair created great excitement at .tlio time, your cause being universally ehampioiicd by tlie Protest ants, awl theirs by the Catholics. Very sincerely yours, „ " Geohgb AN. 1 YLUll. Anyone could see tho original of this lcLter, oi if they required further confirmation they could get it by writing to the. address given. Yes, the Jesuits had bribed two men to utter this libel, and at 'the trial they had bribed no less than sixteen persons to swear that she was not Edith O'Gbrman at all, but n, notorious woman named Fanny Woodward whoin they had known in Melbourne, Australia (a nlaee which slie had not then seen) sixteen years before, at which lime she (Mrs. Auffray) was but a girl. They did this -flunking she was in their power, being far away from home, but God had raised- up friends and she was delivered out of their hands. ' ' • ' . : ■ —Ed. N.T.]j '» ** ** Utterly - unmindful of the fate which jumped on tho late lamented Mi\ Ananias, Sir-Henry Parkes told tho Wingham warriors that " the native' coach makers have beaton the, American baggy'"makers out of _ the market." • As a matter of fact this is, a buggy perversion of tlio truth. It is..tho. other way about, altogether. An American buggy can bo bought in Syducy for about the samo, price as ,a sot oi colonial ibuggy wheels will cost. The cheapest figure .'for.'a. colonial buggy is £80, and. the maker who sells for that seldom ; dies rich enough to endow a cliuvch or a college. But ho does. die (if lie sticks to his. trade), anct at a very' early age. An American buggy.;can -bo bought as low as -£12 10s.( and tlio inoney; is generally well worth the articlo. • ■ lb im port the unfinished American material.for. a; buggy would co^.t' ,!i320,:,:;andv thp,. average coach buildor • caiv always;; find,;; meaiis .'.of ruiniug'liivnsolf vathoijfc goin#; so fai* fconi iiomo'as{tliat^;, 'Iii; oiio/metropolitan. factory aloneV no ■"less'''than', twon ty-six -Union me-' chahicslv^erpvtreated, loathe "bullott- . ^ . week,Vthpii*'dismissal.being caused .through, '<tlio recent firrival of, a; shipload'of./these 4 Wheeled? Amurrikun notions. . ;;Bir j'Ehvy ' should chow, those. factsa little • beforo Oie , pitchos his' fairy talos again. '• Ho ;will;fiud: itlibm.'tougheiKjto^^ Minis-1 'tomlVbrtfolio^'\i'-U.>Vjv?!;:"-!<* l':~ Our. good frionds,'1 japonioa',' Hainau, and' 'others: iuay. bb interested to;'know, that tlio 'rocont;; theological tussles' in. Brisbane be tween the oi tho'dox middle-weigh t champion,; Long, ".aiicl ;\tho/r'hex*ofei6al.''. Yorkr havo oviOpn'tly beon productive' of'• more' wholpsamo;fuii'than.spiritual bonolit jto';tlio, bullc'ofvtheir audiences.' During/,a recent Satan squolcbing., oration, Brother lLorig, flourishiug.'a''iBntaih's Bulwark.''oyor his head exclaimed; What.; should ' wp have ■loft, oh;wmy;fbr-rbiids;;':if .this! was taken from us?" To which- a; painfully practical 'mau\':iu,..'tiioVfi'bn^.s6ali replied, " Common sense.-"' " Right you ,are," shoiited the Biblo-tlnmipor, who felt doad sure lie had his opponent's lioad in Chancery, "Eight vou are, and common sense is what you iiavon't got." " No,!' replied tho uuregono rato scoffer," I haven't got common seme, that is' what you havo got; I havo only yubd sense." And-thon tho disgusted Bibhean champion went out into the darknese of tlio night, and sat clown, and squirmed in a style calculated to make even a green apple stomach-ache hang its head in shame. First blood to the son of Belial. # # # Au old clerical identity, .who did a deal of marrying up in his time, has just gone to that lone, dark land, where there is neither giving nor taking in marriage. Dr. Fullor ton waB his name, and he had managed to live until he had added 10 years to the three score and ten allotted to man. I . never mot him professionally, but I know that in private ho was a shrewd, cheerful, old man, and so peace bo to his shade. Ho was popular with young people, and pro bably married more couples than any other three clergyman in the city. #• # . # The champion in tlio.marrying business, is a Mr, N. Kinsman, who is an auctioneer in Melbourne during week days, and on Sundays officiates as a minister of the so called Free Church of England. During tho hearing of a certain divorce caso in which Mr. Kinsman was an important witness, (he having hitched tho ill-matched pair in double harness), and it leaked out that, since ho was appointed in 1864, he had married no less than 2987 couples Ho rcekons he has of late been turning off no less than 500 pairs a year, and his business seems to bo on the increase, for in one week recently he celebrated 15 marriages. I once heard a jolly old priest remark that tho first couple he ever married had twins tho first year, the second couple had trip lets, and after that there was such a run on him to celebrate tho ceremony for others that his fellow clergyman grew jealous, and petitioned for his removal. What'particu lar charm there was about this hck-briuging divine, or about Mr. Kinsman cither, I do not know, but I think the State should em ploy the former gentleman and thus do away with any further necessity for assisted immigration; To many, men the sensation of getting married is painfully similar to .that of getting hanged, or having a tooth drawn by an amateur dentist, and tliereforo, tho. only reason I can'assign for tho im mense run on Mr, Kinsman is that he turns his unfortuuato victims off quickly, and puts thorn out of .their misery^ sooner than any other experts in his particular lino of business. ■ ■ ■ * • And, apropos of tho abovo, hero is_ a neat little thing in the way of matrimonial ads. which was recently sent'by a Danish corre spondent to a certain popular paper. " I am not," says.tho bashful writer, " clever in wording the English, tliereforo will bog you, sir, lot your corrector correct this to correct English,-and let it insert it four times. Tlio billets and a uumbor of the newspaper in which my announce is in serted I will beg you to send to me ; but I cannot afford to pay more than 1 Lstr. and when it shall cost more you must put my letter in tlio,paper-basket and 'excuse mo that I liavo troubled you with'the perusal." And here is the advertisment. ■ A well bred ninn, 89-yours o£ age, who is living ns music niastcr in n littlo town in Denmark, wish to enter 'into marringc with an English lndy, accomplished, good-natured nncl posse-sing a littlo property of (it least 2,500 Lstr. Hero in Denmark we nre able to lend a very comfortable existence with such (i fortune nnd therefore it was tho best, if the lndy had a mind to go to this'country. Billots marked etc. Denmark must bo a truly wonderful placo when persons can live comfortably on a paltry £2,500 st,g; a year, and, in case any of : our Nepean nymphs would like to catch on to tho above good thing, I'Syill endeavour to find out tho genorous'young Dane's ad dress.--- "■ :';u ; Judging -from 'appoarancos,. tlio most popular ' con corn down ' her o' " to- day is catarrhy and, being in; the fashion 'myself, I have been' supplied with' at least three van loads of never-failing, receipts; " Tho ono I most' faiicied.at first jvas hot rum,'but after reading the following talo I lim' inclined to give tlio Jamaica cure best.' It ' appears that a cortain QncenslancV sforokiaopei', who runs a large vineyard;' is in tlio Habit of buying up all the empty casks'he; cap. _ Not long ago he'bought a'riuii caskif and insido of; it lie found' no - less1 than'^18! figs of tobacco,-nailed1 to keep!th'oiri- finny; j An old anti-tootot'aller -being 'present*-.at vonce en quired , ". W h oro - did-^'otf say;that; cask camo from?". : Over::>fronv"'the ' Siuidownor's Resti"- ,said,': tlioAboss. ; "Ha;" exclaimed the oth er, I; 'said, th o : last -. year's rum at the 'Rest' was much' raspier than the year-beforo's. Y'seo, the -landlord uster nail in a,;fig evory'jyear.jisd that caBk lias had 18 yoars-soaking, in it,'.an' a'.man who got a' pint o' that ,liad:meat;.^n^ drink, an' ■free' terbaker as .well. . rLorl ..couldn't I .chuck myself outside of a toti.-o'.-.th*. cordial ;iiow." ' ' 