POPULAR GOVERNMENT ' Sir Henry Maine is, with perhaps tho single exception of M. Reniui, by far the ablost and most philosophical Conservative now living. Ho bus just republished four essays on Popular Government, which appeared first in the Quar terly Review, and which have since been re modelled and enlarged. These essays will un- donbtedly be the text hook for years to come of all who dislike or distrust democracy, and they contain so much that is true that Liberals cannot afford to despise them, and so much that is suggestive that it would be most unwise for those who dissent from the author's conclusions not to attempt to profit by his criticisms. The weak point is one that belongs also to Sir Henry's classical book on Early Law. Trusting in his own Tast knowledge, Sir Henry for the most part contents himself with stating conclusions, and does not attempt to snpply evidence. It may be questioned if that course which was vindi cated by the result in his first work is altogether justified in a treatise of a very different kind on popular government. The author is now writing as an ardent partisan rather than as an abstract scholar, and conse quently is exposed to tho influence of strong prepossessions. Tho views he imputes to the supporters of democracy may be justified by a great deal that is said on the platform or written in newspapers , but would not be recog nised by any thoughtful man as expressing his political creed. A Liberal writing upon Con servatism, and taking tho Bourbons and the French Legitimists and a few English country gentlemen as instances of Conservative thought, would produce a party pamphlet rather than a serious refutation. What redeems Sir Henry Maine's book from being no more than this, is that he brings out of his accumulated stores af thought better arguments than are really needed to demolish the fallacies he has singled out. and so in fact does homage to the truths that he has ostensibly not recognised. " One of the strangest of vulgar ideas," says Sir Henry, "is that a -very wide suffrage could or would promote progress, new ideas, new discoveries and inventions, new arts of life. " "Let any competently instructed per son turn over in his mind the great epochs of scientific inventions and social change during the last two centuries, and consider what would have occurred if universal suffrage had been established at any one of them. Univer sal suffrage, which to-day excludes free-trade from the United States, would certainly have prohibited tho spinning jenny and the power loom," It may be doubted if anyone supposes that universal suffrage in a barbarous country would promote progress in any conceivable way. What many people do hold is that in propor tion as modern countries acquire complete liberty, do they get the contagion of modern ideas through Parliament and tho press, and through the diffusion of education. Free-trade, to take Sir Henry Maine's first example, was carried in England by a great popular move ment, and would have been carried rather earlier if universal suffrage had been estab lished, because it appeared to meet a visible want. It has been accepted also in Belgium, Where the institutions are very liberal ; and tho countries governed by absolute monarchs and an enlightened aristocracy, Prussia, Austria and Russia, have rejected it just as decisively as the United States. With respect to inventions, it is surely true that America and England, the nursing-mothers of popular institutions, are the countries to which every inventor goes to get a hearing for his plans. Beyoud this there is an ob vious fallacy in Sir Henry Maine's argument. He assumes that what the multitude would have done in times when schools and news papers were comparatively unknown and when the mass of Englishmen had no votes, would be done now when all the conditions of poli- tical life are changed. Is he even right in sup- posing that universal suffrage would have been cast against the introduction of machinery? No doubt there is a strong feeling in every pro- fession and trade against inventions that dis- pense with labor. English medical men have succeeded till quite lately in keeping women out of the medical profession, and English solicitors have effectually opposed the registra tion of land. Neither high education nor uni- versal suffrage eradicates selfishness ; but uni- versal suffrage, by giving every class tho oppor- tunity of pressing its wants upon tho attention of Government, has a slight tendency to prevent monopolies from springing up. In so for as it promotes education, which the masses seem to value as a power, it certainly tends to remote that ignorant objection to machinery which led the Luddites and Jack Swing followers to break power looms and threshing machines. Sir Henry Maine seems to feel that his indict- ment will he regarded as excessive, and pro- ceeds to argue that though the mistakes of past actions would not be repeated now, "even now there is a marked antagonism between demo- cratic opinion and scientific truth as applied to human societies. " For instance, he says the It true theory of population, that it tends to in- crease faster than the means of subsistence and that, distress accordingly ought to be relieved by emigration, is intensely disliked by the mul- titude ; and there is an assumption " that through legislative experiments on society, a given space of land may always he made to support in comfort tho population which from historical causes has come to be settled on it." The answer surely is that although emigration is invaluable as a temporary remedy it is one which in the nature of things cannot last for ever. Englishmen for instance can settle in North America or Australia, but could not live in a large part of Brazil, and would not be allowed to go in large numbers to many parts of Spanish South America. Long before tho United States and Canada and Australia are filled up, tho land in these countries will have been bought up by speculators or absorbed in various ways, and there will be no temptation for immigrants to settle there. On the other hand the population of England is now 50 per per cent, larger and withal 50 per cent, better off than it was half a ccn- rtury ago. Among tho causes which have contributed to this prosperity Sir Henry Maine would undoubtedly put free- trade in tho very first place ; and thus far his assent might fairly be claimed to the proposition that through a legislative experiment a given space of land may be able for some time at least to support a constantly increasing population. Is it quite certain that when sportsmen and game- keepers give way to settlers like the French peasantry another ten millions inav not find room in the British Isles without overcrowding them ? What has thrown schemes for promot ing emigration into the background is to no small extent a more accorate knowledge of tho fact that the colonies and the United States are no longer able to absorb as much pauper labor as could be employed when there were infinite waste lands to be opened up or goldfields to be developed. " It is perfectly possible," Sir Henry Maine thinks, " to revive even in our day tho fiscal tyranny which once left even European popu lations in doubt whether it was worth whilo pre serving life by thrift and toil. " That is, we can imagine a state of things when tho State shall have absorbed tho land, railways, gas amponics and other remunerative industrial cndcrtaklngs ; or, on the other hand, shall tax wealth whenever it passes a certain limit to heavily as to remove all inducement for accumulating it. To carry out the first of these ideals, which is what socialists aim at, the State must borrow the equivalent of all tho money that has been sank in industry ; and in proportion as it does this will it supply the persons whom it buys out with capital to be invested in new undertakings. For tho second to be feasible we must assume the world to be governed by a single democracy. Germany and Switzerland have progressive property *Popular Government : four Essays by Sir Henry lammr Mslne I. anting i Jthn Harms, taxes, but they take care to keep them at a point which will not frighten capital into other countries. It is curious and instractivo that the best examples Sir Henry Maine can giro of the application of his own principles are tho modern Turkish and the old Roman Empire, a barbarous and a civilised despotism. Pliny, of course, held that it was tho concentration of land in largo properties which ruined Italy ; and Sir Henry's explana tion seems to fall short of tho truth unless we remember that Roman rule destroyed tho motives tor "thrift not so much by demanding too mnch for Imperial purposes as by making every dweller in a district responsible for his neighbor's taxes. Even so we mast bear in mind that the Roman Empire was surrounded by countries into which tho Roman tax-payer conld emigrate. When the true history of the northern barbarians is written, it will he found that their numbers had been re cruited for centuries by fugitives from the Roman provinces, who brought the habit of Roman law and the discipline of the Roman legion along with them. " Democracy is monarchy inverted, and the modes of addressing the multitude are the same as the mode of addressing kings." "Thus it comes to pass that an audience composed of roughs or clowns is boldly told by an edu cated man that it has more political informa tion than an equal number of scholars." No doubt Demos has his parasites, but it may surely be questioned whether this precise thing ever was said, and, on the other hand, something a little like it might be said with perfect truth, and has to be acted on. Roughs and clowns cannot understand the origin of law or the drift of economical changes as tho Fellows of tho Royal Society would, but a great many popular constituencies, in which roughs or clowns, as Sir Henry would style them, predominate, lay themselves out for electing better men — aye, even more scholarly and more philosophical men — than acade mical constituencies. Take the members elected from Oxford, Cambridge and Dublin Univer sities during the last century, and it will be found that whenever a distinguished man has been elected — a Palmerston, a Peel, or a Glad stone — he has been discarded when he ceased to represent the narrowest caste and church prejudices, aud that tho most approved representatives of oar scats of learn- ing are obscure mediocrities. On the other hand, the "roughs" of Westminster have sent up Fox, Burdett, Dundonald, Hobhouse and J. S. Mill to Parliament ; and among modern politicians, Bright, Morley, Dilke, Bryce, Fawcett and Thorold Rogers have been elected by popular constituencies, and have always had tho wealthy and academical classes against them. The reason is that tho mixed consti tuency is a better average representative of tho nation than tho close corporation of scholars, and that while the less distinguished university graduates have no ideas outside their own narrow circle, and think only of what is good for the church and tho landed interests, a popular constituency is compelled to disregard radtional differences, and to choose men on comparatively broad issues. Apart from ob vious considerations of which would be safest, and judging only by the measures and meu favored in each class of electorate, a prudent politician would certainly wish England to be governed by her large towns rather than by her universities. Some of the most amusing and instructive passages in Sir H. Maine's Essays are those which deal with the conservative instinct in hitman nature. Sir Henry shows that tire restlessness of modern societies is a new and iibuormal feature; that whole populations in the East positively loathe tho idea of change, even when it would be most bene ficial ; and that in tho West habits and fashions have a strange immortality. "Like the savage, the Englishman, Frenchman or American makes war ; like the savage, he hunts ; like the savage, he dances ; like the savage, he indulges in endless deliberation ; like the savage, he sets an extravagant value on rhetoric ; like tho savage, he is a man of party, with a newspaper for a totem, instead of a mark on his forehead or arm ; and like the savage, he is apt to make of his totem his God," Surely all this amounts to no mure than the American discovery that after all there is a great deal of human nature in man ; and it Would be about as sensible to say that like the savqge he has two arms and two legs and is impelled to action hv his wants and appe tites. So far, however, as the passage has any value it would seem to show that the conservative forces of nature are so strong that they may safely be trusted to keep the train of human society on the rails, even when it is moving with accelerated speed. For in stance, is it not also tree to say that, like the savage, man is reluctant to make any change that is not forced upon him ; and that, like the savage, he is powerfully influenced by his wo men, who are always more conservative than himself ? The great differences between the savage and the civilised man seem to lie in the facts that the latter is al ways working with a view to a rather distant future, while the former lives in the moment, and the latter has an administrative machinery, which keeps a record of its own acts, and is perpetually improving its machinery, while tho savage extemporises the greater part of his political administration according to tho needs of tho day, and reverts instinctively to the old and unimproved models. The civilised man, in short, has a freehold of his State, and is disposed to make improvements, or in other words to be progressive. The savage has the feelings of a tenant at will, and does not change because he cannot understand that he or his children will get the benefit of reform. "The principal cause of an apparent enthu siasm for innovating legislation," says Sir Henry, "is that it makes government so intensely interesting," and he remarks that tho second Bonapartist empire " never overcame the dis advantage that it suffered through tho dnluess of its home politics," and accordingly took to adventurous diplomacy and war that it might give men something to think and talk about. In the same way the writer goes on to argue that Russian Nihilism and Russian aggression may be traced "to tho general dulness of Russian lire during peace." " Tho huniau heart," said Luther, " is like two millstones. If they are not fed with grist they will wear one another out." Those who have lived in-a Continental despotism, especially thirty years ago, are keenly alive to tho fact that one of its worst effects upon society was that it diverted energy and talent into unworthy pursuits. Take away tho chances of political distinction, the possibility of leaving the world a little better than you found it, and the mass of men will throw them selves upon field sports, or gambling, or libertinage. Tho passion for some active political interest which Sir H. Maine notes as an unworthy or trivial feature is really a desire to live iu some more congenial atmosphere than that which a man's professional occupations afford to most of us. It was a great misfortune for France that her abso lutist Emperor plunged her into com plications with Russia and Austria, and Mexico and Prussia — amused her with gran diose and dangerons schemes, instead of concen trating her energies upon internal reform. If there is one thing that seems to come out clearly as the result of modern French demo cracy it is that the nation left to itself does not care for Tunis or Tonquin or Madagascar, and wishes only to pay its way and develope its in dustries. It is setting about this in ways some of which Sir Henry Maine no doubt considers unwise; that is, the State is borrowing for large public works and is putting on protective duties. What we have to consider is not whether tho best English thought would ap prove of these expedients, but whether the de mocracy with all its faults is not solidly wiser than Cæsarism with all its brilliancy. No sen sible man supposes that democracy can change characters and circumstances by magic The most that Is claimed for it is that it favors natural development. It is one part of Sir Henry Maine's argument that almost all republics except the American have failed, and he is particularly contemptuous to the revolted Spanish colonies which, he says, " set up republics in which the crimes and dis orders of the French Republic were repeated in caricature. " As a matter of fact, Mexico set up an empire under Iturbide, which failed dismally ; and Paraguay a paternal despot ism under Francia, which in tho end ruined the country. It was almost impossible that any Government could succeed at first in the Spanish dependencies. The war against Spain was succeeded by civil wars between tho Indian and the Spanish races, or between tho Church party and Liberals, or between Federalists and Unitarians. Tho populations in every case were half barbarous, grossly superstitions, unaccustomed to any form of self- government, and with no feeling of a common nationality. Only now are some of these countries emerging out of order into disorder. By Sir Henry Maine's theory, tho successful ones ought fo have discarded democratic rule. As matter of fact, the attempt to abolish or enslave Parliaments has never been even tem porarily successful, except for a short time in Paraguay ; and Chili, tho Argen- tine Confederation and Mexico, which stand out as the most prosperous of the old Spanish colonies, are democracies of the most approved type. It would be unfair to judge any of them by comparison with a couutry like the United States, peopled by a civilised race accustomed to free institutions, but it may be questioned if Chili need fear comparison even with its great sister republic in the north. Sir Henry treads upon firmer ground when ho shows, in a very masterly analysis, that the American Constitution, drafted by men who had no sympathy with democratic ideas, vested a great deal of power in tho Senate and in the President, constitutes the Senate in a way that is not democratic, and takes the greatest pre cautions against organic change. These facts abundantly show, as the history of the war of slave liberation proved, that universal suffrage is compatible with a strong executive, aad that democracy does not necessarily imply incessant reconstruction of the constitutional edifice. The sagacity with which American statesmen remodelled British institutions to suit their oiva particular needs ' may well," says Sir Henry, "fill the Englishmen who now live among the dregs of tho older race with wonder and envy." Sir Henry admits in another passage that what impresses the continental ob server is the fact that, since the beginning of this century, England has been supremely pros perous, multiplying wealth, nearly trebling her population, adding to her empire and sustaining 'no single noticeable reverses in war or policy. Surely it is not unimportant that for 55 years of that period the Government of England has been essentially democratic. Nay, more, it has been the democratic element in government, the strong objection of the Lancashire and Yorkshire working men to a spirited foreign policy, that has kept the country out of such wars as Palmerston was ouly too anxious to enter into to break up the American Union or to keep Slesvig-Holstein Danish. Of course, no criticism in a newspaper can deal with more than a few points in such a book as Popular Government. Enough has probably been said to show that it cannot be regarded as es tablishing a case against democracy. Tho most it can pretend to in that direction is to demolish some very loose statements by indi viduals. The charm and use of tho book, how ever, are not limited by the author's imme diate purpose. It is full of historical remi niscences and pregnant suggestions, written in a style of perfect literary finish, aud giving in the last essay the best practical analysis in a condensed form of the workings of the American Constitution. 