SUMMARY INTRODUCTION. Tho Christmas season of this year has been, so tradesmen complain, duller than usual. Tho outward manifestations of) this dulneaa havo not boen very opparent. Tho streets of the capital were, as usual, thronged with well clad holiday-making folk, and thoQcatcrcrs for public amusement during tho festival have had littlo reason to complain of lack of patronage* Still, tho losses by drought, and over-specula- tion in land, and the consequent depression in trade havo sadly curtailed tho "¿pending money " of the peoplo, and tho complaints of business men wero not without foundation. Tho effects of depression hero are byno means so terrible as in tho oil country. The wolf which stands at the door of almost every individual of the poorer classes in England has not yet found its way to these shores. When the pinch comes hero it means the deprivation of supeifluities rother than of necessaries ; and aa it is in superfluities that tradesmen expect to deal at Christmas time, thoir complaints can easily be understood. The weather this year was also unusual. Instead of the blue sky and broiling sun which aro our ordinary substitutea for tho snowbanks and icicles of tho old world, | wo have had drizzling ahowers and cool southerly winds. Tho threatening weather played its part in damping tho outdoor enjoy- ments in which Queenälanders delight, but the leaden sky held moro promise for us than an unclouded firmament would havo dono, for it gave us visible assurance that the moist season which is restoring to us our flocks and herds will continu". Tho new year opens boforo us full of hope, for nature is fast returning to us all that, in her anger, she took away. Politically wo have entered on tho dull season. Parliament was prorogued on tho 2nd instant with a Bpeech from tho Acting Governor, in which the Government promised to prepare during the recess a measure to ro move the "evils of undue centralisa- tion in the administration of tho affairs of the colony." This measuro had been promised at tho beginning of the session, and tho Acting Governor was made to express the regret of his advisors that tho pros suro of other business prevented them from introducing it. The Government had pre- viously announced their intcntionof introducing a Redistribution Bill next session, but there was, of course, no opportunity afforded them of explaining how, having acknowledged that redistribution was necessary, thoy wero still going to deal with a matter of such importance as decentralisation. The inhabitants of the colony havo increased by moro than 50 per cent since the last rearrangement of i electorates took place and thoro have been very important changes in tho distribution of the population. Soon after tho prorogation it was announced that thero would bo no meeting of the Federal Council next January, as previously arranged, tho reason alleged being a hope that before the ensuing year South Australia might enter tho confederation. Thon followed tho announce- ment that the Premier had determined to go to London as one of tho special repre- sentatives of Queensland, invited to attend the conference summoned by the Secretary of State for the Colonies. The connection between tho two announcements can bo easily detected. Ono reason given for this determination on tho part of Sir Samuel Griffith is the deadlock in the negotiations be- tween the Imperial Government and tho colonies over tho subject of New Guinea. It need hardly be said that the satisfaction with which the Homo authorities regard the existing state of affairs in the Protectorate is not shared by the colonies, who are nevertheless quite de- termined not to pledge themselves to an in- definite continuance of their subsidy towards tho cost of administering the dependency without retaining somo control over the Government which it is proposed to establish thero should sovereignty be proclaimed. The High Commissioner, tho Hon. John Douglas lias arrived here from Now Guinea, and will go on to tho other con- tributing colonies, consulting with each Go- vernment on the state of tho protectorate. The Governor, Sir Anthony Musgrave, with Lady Musgrave, returned to Queensland from their English trip early in tho month, and they were welcomed by » very largo attendance at tho first reception held in Government House after their arrival. Soporation D>y, on the 10th instant, was as usual observed as a genoral holiday, and in Brisbano by the holding of our chief annual regatta. A fatal boating accident marred the festivities of tho day, a small pleasure craft having capsized in the river with the result that threo of its occupants wero drowned. Fatal accidents aro rarer in our river than might bo expected from tho general fondness for boating and tho recklessness of many of our amateur sailors, The terrible disaster at sea by which the fino steamer Killawarra was sunk, and so many lives lost, though not exactly forming part of the current history of this porticular colony, cannot be passed over in silence. Several Queenslanders wero among tho pas- sengers who wore drownod, and many moro lost friends and relatives by tho sad event. Ko sufficient explanation has yet been givon of the extraordinary circumstance that two iteamers which wero two miles apart when Ihoy first sighted each other should bo allowed, maclear night and in tho open sea, to come so :loso together that any blunder in steering could cause a collision. Tho reproach that whilo ovory seaport town In Queensland of any standing had a Chamber of Commerce Brisbane had none, is at last re- moved. A movemont for the ro-ostablishment of a chamber has been brought to a successful issue sinco our last summary, and it has the support of evory important firm in the city. The "breaking up" of the schools is a marked feature of the early part of December. Thoro waa nothing vory noticeable in the school reports which havo filled the papers ; they contain a record of good progress, and aro eminently satisfactory. Christmas boing our midsummer is, of course, tho season of tho long vacation, both pupils and teachers requir- ing a good rest during tho hottest and moat enervating months of the year. RAILWAYS. Probably a larger number of railways great and small are at present in course of construc- tion in Queensland than at any previous period of the colony's history. In the Southern Division, among tho most important ia the railways which is to connect the Queens- land railways with thoso of New South Wales by filling up the gap between Stanthorpo and the border. On this line all the fences, cuttinps, and box-drains aro cora Eleted, and the planking on bridges has also con finished. A windmill has been put up at Accommodation Creek, to supply water for working the lino, and ÍB running well. Another mill is to be erected at Wallangarra, also for the use of the locomotivos. The reservoir thcro containa at present 48,000 gallons of water. Tho work of duplicating tho line from Brisbano to Ipswich is rapidly approaching completion. The laying of the metal and the ballasting ia proceeding satisfactorily between Goodna and Ipswich, and tho section between thoso two places will probably be open for the through traffic in a few weeks. The duplication of the Sandgate line between Toombul and Mayne has been practically accomplished, by the partial completion of the Breakfast Creek Bridge. Although the rails are laid, and trains are running over it, a good deal of work remains to be done to the bridge. On the second section of the Fassifern Rail fay tho contractor has pushed on tbo work. The earthworks aro well forward, and all the bridges havo been com- pleted except one. Tho permanent way is laid for a distance of five miles. Wet weather during Novomber greatly interfered with tho progress of tho woiks. The contractor has erected a stone-crusher, and it is expected that ballasting will advance at a speedy rate. On section No. 9 of tho Western Railway the works aro progressing steadily, and tho rails will bo laid to Morven by tho end of the year. On tho branch Uno to Beaudesert and tho Upper Logan almost the wholo of tho pile driving from Logsn Villago to ten miles has been finished, and the concreto culverts havo been comploted up to four miles. Tho earth- works are sutisfactoriiy advancing. Tho Beau- araba branch line but recently commenced reports well. Notwithstanding tho wet weather very fair progress has been made with the earthworks, and about 5000 yards of earth and rock wero excavated from tho cuttings during the month, The timber work on the bridges is completed as far as tho twolvo. milo post. Mr. John Watson, the con- tractor for tho extension of tho South Bris- bane wharf, is making satisfoctory progross. The Kilkivan branch of the Maryborough. Gympio lino was opened for traffic on 6th instant, and tho lino is now being maintained by the contractor until tho end of tho yoar. Modorate progress ia being made with somo portions of tho North Coast Railway, Thoro has boon but little incroaso to any of the works, but all tho concreto culverts aro completed, and the contractor has comraonced to plant cast iron piles for tho foundation of tho bridgo over the South Pine River All the timber portion of this bridge is completed At tho North Pine River bridge very fair progross has boon mado, tho caissons for tho first concrete pier oro nearly down to tho required lovol, and tho screw piles on the spot ready for sinking In tho river bod Tho bridgowork botwton Burpen- gary Crook and Caboolture ia well advanced. About four miloi of rails havo boon laid from Toombul Junction forward. On tho lino from Howard to Bundaberg but little of tho oarth work remains to bo dono. Tho construction of tho bridges is in a bockwaid stato, chiefly owing to tho bad condition of roads, wolca wero rendered heavy and almost impassablo by tho late rains Tho Isis River bridge is now completed, and it will, it is expected, be tostcd in a fow days. All tho timboi work for tho Gregory River bridgo has been complotcd, and tho contractors aro making propnrn tiona to proceed with tho two concroto piers. From tho last teport of the inspecting sur- veyors, it ia learned that tho permanent survoy of the authorised extension from tho Roma street station via tho proposed city station site and Fortitude "Valloy has b^en commenced On the third section of tho North Coast Rodway (Landsborough to Yandina) the alter- nativo trial survey, botween fafty-nino and a half miles and seventy and a half miles, has boen carried out. On the fourth section, Yandina to Martin's, a pichminary re exanu nation of the north end of tho section has been begun, with a view to the improvement of tho routo On the direct lino to Warwick, tho upward contour on tho Fassifern routo, bo tween a low point on the Mouut Edwards Bpur and tho tunnel sito at tho Spicer's Poak road Gap, has been satisfactorily complotcd. Tho tual survey from Warwick to St Gi-orgo has been carried on duung tho month, and tho surveyor in charge ia now examining the countiy ught through to St. George, for the purnoso of noting and recording tbo recent Hood lovels for future reference. A preliminary ti lal survey from Colinton to Kilkivan via Nanango bus been commenced An inspection of tho pci minant survoj of the Laidley branch waa mode by tho inspecting surveyor, and a permanent survey mado of a slight deviation botweon eight miks and nine miles Some trial surveys havo been mado at two point8 on tho Cleveland branch, with the object of reducing tho through distanco between Bna bano and Cleveland. The alternative trial work beyond twenty one and a half miles on the Mungarr and Gayndah line haa been complotod, and the route of the permanent survey has been determined to Clifton, the end of section No 1. In tho Central Division, on the Emu Park line tho new permanent sun ey has boen com- plotcd to'about nino miles, and much work has been done ahead of that point On tho exton sion of the Control Railway good progress baa been mado with tho earthworks duung tho month All tho embankments have bcon made to 3G5 miles. The sido ditching and surface formation aro well forward, and all tho cul- verts and box drains are built in position up to 3G6 miles. The whole of the piloa have been driven at the Windmill Creek budge, and tho topping is being vigorou«ly pushed forward Four small bridges only remain to completo the contract Tho track laying and ballasting has been completed up to 3G2J miles. Good progress has also boen made, considering the long haulago ot thirty one miles, with all the ballast work. One hundred and fifty mon are employed upon this contract, which should bo completed by the end of February. The necessary station buildings are being íomovcd from Pino Hill to Barcaldine, and tho large goods sheds are completed, and tho sheep and cattle yards are in progrès" Tho constiuction of the Springsure branch railway is now being carried on b/ the GDvernmont, and tho works aro well forward. The Sandhurst Creek bridgo -the incomplete stato of which has hitherto blocked tho platelaylng-baa been juat finished Platelaymg will, therefore, bo immediately resumed, and good progress should bo made, ns comparatively littlo earthwork remains un finished, and no fui thor stoppage ia anticipated. Station buildings aro in course of erection at Fernlees. Oa the Emu Park Railway tho con tractors ore pushing on with tho supply of sleepers and ballast The contract foi the station buildings has been let. Speaking generally, however, tho railway works in tho Centrol district have boon much íetaided by lato continuous heavy rams In tho Northern and Carpentaria Division, the first line demanding notice ia tho Northern Railway from Townsvillo in process of exten- sion from Torrens Crook to Hughenden It waa hoped that tho extension of tho Northern Railway from Ton ena Oroek to Prairie would havo been opened during tho month, but in conaequenco of the heavy rains, tho work of ballaatmg has been greatly re- tarded. The opening, however, will tako place early in the new year. In tho meantime tho contractora for this extension aro pushing ahead with tho earthworks towards Hughenden, a further distance of somo thirty five miles, and havo nearly reached that town. It waa an nounced somo time ago that the Government had ordered tho deviation of the lino over the Main Range. The proposed now line, on which the ruling grado ia no steeper tnan 1 in 50 aa against tho 1 in 25 grado of the preaont line, having been survoytd, tho works havo begun. About two thirda of tho work, such aa getting ballast, cutting sleepers, &c; , haa been lot out In small contracts, and fully 200 men aro employed. Tho line begins to ascend the Main Range beforo the present line, which starts from Haughton Valley, and it finishes rather nearer to Ravenswood Junction It adds ono and a half milo to tho total length of lino to bo traversed, but tho timo saved and tho gi eater safety insured moro than compensate for this. 1MB hoped that trains may bo runmngovor this deviation within twelve months. On iho Townsville Jetty Railway only a few chains of rails remain to bo laid, The Government con template increasing the wharf at tho end of tho jetty to thrco times its present alzo, and loop linea and sidings will bo laid down on the wharf. Tho rails on the wharf section of the Cairns Herberton Railway aro all laid into tho chief station yard as woll aa tho loops and aldinga into tho ongmo and carriage sheds. Theso sheds aro all leady for tho reception of tho rolling stock, somo of which should be de- livered in a few weeks. Tho railway wharf is rapidly approaching completion, and will, it is quite expected, be in uso in a fow days. Since tbo contract for tho No. 1 section proper of the Cairns Herberton Railway has been transferred from Mr. P. C. Smith to Messrs. W. M'Bndo and Co , tho work haa gone on satisfactorily The tendera for tho No. 2 section, which extends from tho end of No. 1 section at tho foot of tho range to a spot near tho celebrated Barron River Fall«, will bo opened in 1SS7. Sinco the plans woro prepared, tho Chief Enginoer has, by means of information derived from re aur voys for cross sections, been enabled to leaacn some of the bridge work, and in aomo instances has reduced the formidablo character of tho ascent. The permanent survoy from tho end of No 2 section towards Herber- ton ia being rapidly pushed forward The first section of tho Cooktown Maytown Railway, which ia open for traffic, ia now being kept m good running order m spite of tho very wet weather which has provailed for aomo timo past Tho lino, however, requires constant attention owing to tho sandy naturo of tho soil. On No. 2 soction tho contractora aro making great progress and now confidently expect to hniah early noxt yoar and well within contract timo. The surveys and plana of tho No 3 section are well in hand, and it is hoped that tenders may bo called foi it about the aomo time that the No. 2 section is finished Tho pormancnt survey of tho remaining portion of tho railway is now being carried out towards Maytown The permanent survey of the first section of tho Normanton Cloncurry Railway was com- plotcd some weeks ago, and tho working plans arc in courso of preparation. Tho first section runs to tho Flinders River, a distanco of thirty eight miles. The country is comparatively level tho wnole distance, and the hrst work of magnitude will bo the bridgo across that stream. This bridge will, it ia ox pected, bo about 1000ft. in length. Thonco the lino will probably run for moro than 100 milea ovor a levol country and without cro»sing any creek worthy of notice. The last seventy miles to Cloncurry will bo broken by hoavy bridges over the Dugald Rivor, Corella Gi otk, and tho Cloncurry River. From , tho Dugald River towards Cloncurry tho lino will pass within easy distance of five or alx copper minea which aro known to bo even richer than the famous Cloncurry mineB, but bavo not hitherto been developed for the lack of cheap and expeditious carriage. Tho intervening country between each of the rivers named is practically level, and in only a comparatively fow Instances havo intermediato creeks to bo crossed. The trial survey to Cloncurry, a distanco of about 240 miles, having been promptly completed, tho pcrmanont survey from tho Flinders River will he commenced in a fow days, PUBLIC WORKS. Fair progress is reported from tho various public buildings in courso of erection in Bris- bano and all parts of tho colony, Tho sito of tho now Public Ofiicos presonts a sceno of great and increasing activity, and tho contractors will soon mako a good show nbovo ground, tho greater portion of tho foundation and lower courses having boon already laid. During tho month tho department has occoptod tenders for tho following works : North Ipswich, police quarters and lockup; North Ipswich, post and telegraph ofiico; Ohartors Towera, conrt- houso fittings. Tonders havo boon invited for the following works :-Goraldton, suhcollootor of Customs' rosidenco; Townsville, gangway to hospital wards; Croydon, post and telograph oftico; Charters Towers, additions to hospital ; Cook- town, now post and telegraph ofiico ; Charlo ville, inspector of polico quartors. Tho Colonial Architect's office is now busy upon tho procuration of plans for tho following works :- Brisbane, additions to catoror's house, Parliament buildings ; South Brisbano, additions to post and telegraph office ; Bris- bano, alterations and improvements for venti- lation to Supremo Court ; Herberton, wards for lunatics (hospital) ; St. Helena, penal es- tablishment ; Brisbane, embankment to naval stores, Kangaroo Point. In tho Bridges Department the chief event has beon the completion of tho cylinder sink- ing for tho Mackay Bridge Tho work of erect- ing tho superstructura will shortly show good progross. Tho work undor tho Hydraulic Engineer boa been retarded by the hoavy rains and floods in tho back blocks. At latest roports the road sido tanks in tho Wost wore all full, and some parts of tho country aro under water for long stretches several milos in length. In tho Harbours and Rivers Department good progress is reportod from all the works in operation. The Platypus steam hoppor-dredgo, which was engaged at Townsville:" cutting a channel across tbo bar, has been brought down to Brisbano for ropairs, on tho comple- tion of which work will bo reoumod at Towns- ville, The most important work in the extension of the electric telegraph system during the month is the laying of the cable from Cape York to Thursday Island. The stations on the land line from Cape York southward are being gradually opened. The No. 1 section of the line from the Laura northwards has been completed, and it is hoped the whole will be finished by March next. The Government have decided not to increase the rates for messages over the land line of this new exten- sion, but the extra charge for the cable will be 2s. for ten words and 2d. per word after, or a total charge from any part of the colony of 3s. for ten words and 3d. per extra word. MINING. Somo encouraging developments have taken place on Gympie during the month ; a reef containing coarse gold has been struck in No. 1 south Ellon Harkins, and so far BS can be judged at present there is reason for believing that this will prove an earnest of future substantial profits. But tho most im- portant cvont was tho striking of a new reof in the Great Eastern, from which the first crushing of 213 tons gavo a yiold of 2003oz. of gold, whilo the sooond of 270 tona, less than seven weeks after, yielded 3623oz, of gold. From theso crushings divi- dends amounting to 15s. per share, equal to £1S,C00, havo been declared. Tho total quantity of stone crushed on the fiold during November was 9275 tons, which yielded 8209oz. of gold, and tho dividends declared amounted to £14,3S3. Theso results compare favourably with those for October. In the Ohartors Towers district thoro was never a period of greater promise than the present. The reports and prospocts from nearly all lines of roof aro most satisfactory, and the share market has been very activo of late, tho transactions being common to nearly all stocks. Tho dividends declared during November made a total of £71,750, but this includes £39,700 by tho Bonnie Dundoo from tho sale of mino proporty. Tho gold yields for tho month aro very satisfactory, and tho avorago per ton, loz. 16dwt. 14gr., is higher than for any other month this year. Tho yield was 12,S9ioz. of gold from 7048 tons of stone. Latest reports from tho now rush at tho Russell River confirm tho nows of tho failuro of the field. Tho results obtainod havo boen of littlo value, and the placo is now almost deserted. PASTORAL AND AGRICULTURAL. Tho season continues exceedingly propitious for tho pastoralist. Rain moro or less hoavy has been constantly recurring at intorvals of a fow weeks, and tho whole of tho colony is clothed with abundant grass and horbs. All stock aro now as fat aa they can be, and, during the last few months, largo numbers have been despatched to tho markets of tho Southern colonies. Not alone overland has this been the case, but also by sea, for during tho spring months, steamers wero regularly engaged con- voying cattlo from Brisbane, Gladstone, and Rockhampton to Sydnoy. Those shipments ceased during tho flush of the wool-carrying season, but arc now about to bo recommenced as far as the port of Gladstone is concerned, the Btoamor Bucephalus boing chartored to con- vey cattlo to Melbourno. Gladstono is a fa vourito port for shipment of cattle, as tho vessels can get away quickly, which is of great moment whon cattlo aro the cargo. Tho trado is now oxpoctod to bo carried on without interruption both to Melbourno and Sydnoy. A counter movement of store and breeding sheep from tho Now South Walea Riverina runs has sot in. Tho Queensland runs aro now very much understocked, and can absorb an unlimited number of breeding owes. Tho ' monetary institutions now seo that It is to their advantago that station-holdors bo allowed to stock up, consequently many sheep have been purchased down South, and now that shearing thcro is finished, aro on their way to this colony, Ü. B. Fishor alono having purchased 200,000 breeding owes. Thcro aro signs that the rainy season will sot in earlior than has beon tho caso for tho last fivo or six years. Alroady tho roports from tho Burko and far Western districts aro favourable, for from tho 4th to tho 13th Docomber a fall of rain was ox porioncod of from 7in, to 14in. Early rains Uko thoso mean an immonsity of grass for tho wholo of tho summer and autumn over tho grandest and most extensivo grazing areas of Queensland ; moreover tolegraphic reports of recent dato speak of this showery weather as still continuing. Tho shearing is now everywhere finished, and tho clip has proved to bo an exceptionally good one, tho continuous good feed all through tho past winter and spring, and tho absonco of cold westerly winds having caused tho staplo to bo porfectly sound, that is, without any tenderness or break ; also tho clip has been obtainod in a remarkably cloon state, owing to tho absenco of dust and the abundanco of grass. The spring lambing, too, has beon vory satisfactory, a general average of 80 por cont boing the cstimato ; both owes and lambs aro in excollcnt condition. All tanks, dams, wells, and watercourses aro full to tho brim, and thero can bo no scarcity, at any rate, until next spring timo. From tho agriculturists' point of view, tho season has not been so favourable. Truo thoro has been abundanco of rain, and this has caused a groat flush of grass and extraordi- nary growth of crops, but the aoason has boon too forcing, and tho corcal crops almost without oxcoption have been destroyed by tho rust fungus. The wheat and oaten fields pro- mised most enormous yields, but during October and Novombor the rust plaguo mado ita appearanco, ond complotolj; destroyed all chance of these crops maturing. Farmors, making a virtue of necessity, put in the mowers and cut all down for bay. Hero again they wero unfortunately hampered, for showery weather provailod, ond much of tho hay crop was more or less injured. Tho lucerno hay crops, howovor, havo been im menso. Insect plagues, too, havo been trouble- some, myriads of caterpillars and grasshoppers, tho natural outcomo of such a genial SCOSOD, having dono much damage to the pastures and lucorno iiolds. Produce is now very low in price, almost so much so as to raako it unro munorativo to tho grower. Tho market roports show that butter realises only 4d. to 8d. per pound, and hay £3 to £3 10*. per ton. Tho present is the season for planting the chief malzo crop of tho yoar, A largo area has alroady beon planted, and altogether this area under maizo promises to bo much greater than has boen tho caso any previous year. Tho weather ia favourablo to it, and tho expecta- tions aro that a largo yield will be harvested next winter. Fruit also promises to be plenti- ful this year, but hero again this propitious season ia proving detrimental, from the variety ! and number of insect plagues it creates, tho peach crop having boon entirely spoiled by this cauao. Tho season of tho yoar during which tho various local agricultural societies hold thoir annual shows is at hand, and during noxt month, Brisbane, Ipswich, and Too- woomba, all aro tho contro of such exhibitions, The show of produco at theso gatherings is cor tain to bo this yoar vory excellent. Tho sugar-planter also haa had occasion to grumblo at tbis extraordinary good season, Tho constantly recurring rains havo caused a grand growth of cane, thoro boing such crops on tho fields aa havo novcr before boon tho caso ; but, unfortunately, tho wot stato of tho ground and tho lownoaa of tho donaity of the cane juice, havo precluded tho mill opera- tions from being carried on with full vigour and the mill-owners havo now tho annovanco of seeing another wot season com- mencing and ono-third of thoir cano still un- cut. Thoro will bo nothing for it but to loavo this till noxt winter, when it will como in for an early start of tho mills ; but in the mean- time- it moans diminished roturna just when thoy are HO much required. Tho gross yield of augar ia cortain to bo considerably less than tho largo return of last year (60,000 tons), Tho Mackay district haa, perhaps, suffered moat from this rainy season ; but all districts, excopting tho Burdekin, havo grounds for complaint, Some yields from individual plantations havo, howovor, been phenomonally great, for inatauco the Mourilyan Oompany, Johnstono River diatrict, had manufactured 1300 tona from 400 acres, or 3 tons 5cwt. por aero ; Bonio of thoir fields actually yiolding over 4 tous per aero, aud this, too, in tho rainiest diatrict in tho whole of Australia. Most of tho farmers who grow cano for tho mills will this yoar havo to bo con- tent to seo thoir Holds remain uncut, for tho mill proprietors havo enough to do to got through tho largo quantity of cano on their own fields. Tho orgonisotion among tho selector cane-growers at Mackay and Eton for tho purposo of taking advantago of tho loan of £50,000 ofiorod by Governmont to thoao who would start a sugar-mill and work it upon tho central or joint-ownership principle, aro now almost complotcd. Groat interest attaches to this oxperiment, as one of tho conditions of tho loan is that uono but European or whito labour bo omployod either in growing the cane or in manufacturing it into augar, SHIPPING. Much activity has provailod in shipping circles during the month. Tho keen competi- tion in tho coasting trado which has boen going on for years past causing the employment of a good deal of unnossary tonnago and consequent loss to steamship owners, has received a sudden chock by tho determination of tho A.S.N. Company, which has carried on business for the past forty yeors, to sell its fleet. This as- sociation, once tho prcmier^stcam shipping com- panyin tho Australian colonies, has'diaposcd of tho whole of ita fleet, consisting of forty voesols and a largo number of fondera aud lighters, to the Q.S.S. Company for tho aurn of £200,000. Tho Moot will bo handed over to tho purchasers at the end of next month, when great changes will be rando in our coaating service. It ia tho alleged inten- tion of the Q.S.S. Oompany to givo tho public a moro efficient sorvico and to chargo strictly moderato ratos, It is said, and by those who aro in a position to form a good estimate, that tho Q.S.S. Oompany hovo mado a great bargain by this purchase, to say nothing of the immonso advantage thoy have gained by getting rid of so formidable a rival. It is bcliovod that part of tho purchase money will bo subscribed in tho colonies, and a bright futuro is predicted for the young_ company, which haa not as yot been in a position to declaro a dividend to its share- holders. Exceptionally heavy weather was experienced on the coaat for a fow drtya from tho 15th inatant, and considerably interfered with shipping. On tho morning of tho 17th instant the Q.S.S. Company's steamer Barcoo arrivod off Capo Moreton from Sydney. The sea was thon vory high, the waves rising fully 10ft, The tide boing pretty low, and tho Barcoo drawing 17ft. of water, Captain Hamp- ton did not consider it safo to erasa tho outer Bar, and consequently hovo bia voaael to out aido for upwarda of two hours, when ho crossed tho Bar and prococded across tho Bay. Tho sea was so boavy that it constantly washod ovor the vessel to auch an oxtont that it was found ncceasary to ordor all tho stoorago pasaongcrs bolow, aa thoro waa a dangor of their boing washed overboard. Tho samo procautions woro observed on board tho Maranoa, which rcochod tho Capo at 10 o'clock from Cooktown. She encountered vory heavy vvoather betwoen Flat-top Island and Capo Moreton, ship- ping largo quantities of water and labour- ing hoavily. When crossing the Briabano River Bar abo shipped a sea over her stern, which broke the wheel box, and washed away tho casinga of tho stoering chaina. Tho pilot steamer Advanco when returning from tho Rhuddlan Castle, which had put to sea that morning, wus sovoroly handled. Ono of tho numerous aeas, which struck the littlo craft with great violonco, swept away tho whalo boat and davits with it, and at the same time carried away tho quadrant on tho rudder head. Fortunately, tho steering gear was not disabled and after shipping tho tiller tho Advanco waa brought aafely into her moorinRa. Captain Ellis, of tho Rodondo, which arrived in Bris bano on tho previous night from Sydney, atated that ho had not, during his four years' exporionco on the coast, oncountcrod such heavy woathor at Capo Moreton and in tbo Bay. From Capo Moreton to tho roadstead was simply ono maas of broken wator and spray. Although ho ontorcd tho outer Bar in broad daylight, ho found it utterly impossible to diatiuRuiah the leading marks by reason of tho blinding spray, ond was obliged to trust exclusively to the buoys in ordor to prosecute his way. Ho felt a sonso of intonso reliof whon ho had brought hia vessol safely into tho mouth of thu Brisbane River. Mariners of many years' exporionco on tho coast a88ort that the sea had not boon known to bo so hcovy at Capo Moreton for years past. The velocity of tho wind had often boon greater without causing such heavy soaa, and tho unusual diaturbonco was attributed to strong gales blowing for somo time off the land. Thero havo boon eleven over- sea orrivala during tho month, and fiftoon doparturos from tho colony. Tho arrivals included tho Lord of tho Isles, barquo, in Koppel Bay on the 1st December, from Newport ; the Ardcndeo, barque, ia Moreton Bay on tho llth Docem- ber, from London; tho B.I.S.N. Company's R.M.S. Dorunda, in Moroton Bay on tho 13th December, from London, via porta ; tho Afton, barque, in Moreton Bay on tho 10th December, from London ; tho Selkirk shire, ship, in Hervey Bay (Maryborough) on the same dato, from London and Ply- mouth ; the French ship Marianne, at Towns- ville on tho 17th December, from London ; the Loch Doon, barquo, in Brisbano on the 19th December, from Liverpool j tho Gcorgo R. Crowo, Amorican barque, in Moreton Bay on tho 20th Decombor, from Now York, via Hobart ; the German ship Shokcspcoro in Moroton Bay on tho 23rd Decombor, from Hamburg; tho Rockhampton, stoomor, at Cooktown on the 24th Docember, and in OIovo land Bay on the 27th, from Hongkong, via ports, bound for Sydnoy and Melbourne, via Brisbano ; and tho E. and A. Company's stoamor Catterthun, in Moroton Bay yoa- torday morning from Hongkong, via ports. Tho Ardcndeo, Afton, Marianno, Loch Doon, Gcorgo R. Crowe, and Shakespeare woro all laden with general merchandise. The Lord of the Isles brought a full cargo of stool rails for tho Queensland Government. The R.M.S. Dorunda orrived at Cooktown twenty-four hours in advanco of her contract timo. She oxporioncod vory fino weather acrosB tho Bay of Biscay and for a portion of tho Mediter- ranean, until roaching Calita Island, where a heavy easterly colo was met, which continued until her arrival in Malta. On tho morning of the 28th October abo ahipped a fearfully heavy sea, which smashed bathrooirs and waahhousos forward, killing ono of the omigranta, a Dane, named Neils P. Petersen, slightly injuring ono or two others, and breaking tho leg of a little boy, Arthur PridgcoD, who recovered boforo the voyogo waa completed. Thero was ono birth on board, and two children of 9 months old died. The health of both immigrants and paaaengors during tho voyago waa exceedingly good. Tho immigrants were under the chargo of Dr. Goodall as surgeon-superintendent, and Miss O'Reilly as matron. Tho Dorunda landed olovon oraigrants at Cooktown, forty at Towns- villo, thrco at Bowen, nineteen at Mackay, and soventccn at Rockhampton, leaving 320 for Brisbane. At Cooktown sho discharged 50 tons of general cargo, 400 tons at Townsville, 10 tons at Bowen, a similar quantity at Mackay, 70 tons at Rockhampton, and about 1750 tons at this port. Tho Selkirkshire brought 224 immigrants and a gonoral cargo. Sho made tho passogo from Ply- mouth in ninoty-fivo days. Thoro wero no deaths or accidents during tho passago, which was a moat enjoyablo one. The Rock- hampton, stoamor, landed at Cooktown-1 Ohineso and l8 diggora; at Townsvillo, 3 Chinese and 26 diggers ; and has now on board -For Brisbano, 1 Chinese and 2 diggora ; for Sydnoy, 15 Ohincso and 50 diggers ; for Mel- bourne, 12 Chinese She also brought the fol- lowing cargo .-For Cooktown, 45 tons ; for Port Douglas, 10 tons; for Townsville, 20 tons ; for Sydney, 310 tons ; for Molbourno, 410 tons ; for Brisbane, 10 tons; for Now Zealand, 245 tons ; for Adolaido, 27 tons ; optional for either Brisbane, Sydney, or Melbourne, 250 tons of rice. Tho steamer Catterthun discharged 50 tons of cargo at Townsville, 43 tons at Cairns, and has now on board 10 tons for Rockhampton, 53 tonn for Maryborough, 13 tons for Brisbane, 270 tona for Sydney, 356 tons for Nowcastlo, 45 tons for Melbourno, 317 tons for Adelaide, 13 tons for Now Zooland, and 110 tons optional for Brisbano, Sydnoy, Melbourne, or Adelaide ; 224 tons for Sydnoy, Molbourno, or Adelaide; 24 tons for Sydnoy or Melbourne; 26 tons for Molbourno or Adolaido ; from Port Darwin for Nowcastle, 334 bags copper oro; for Melbourno, 1 box gold, valuo £2240; from Thursday Island for Sydnoy, 143 casos of pearlshell. Tho George R. Orowo presented a very battered appearance on her arrival at Hobart on the 24th October last, having encountored some vory severe weather, and sustained con- siderable damago in consequence. The barque left Now York on 7th July, and all went well till 7th October. On that day she waa spank- ing along with hor niaintopgallant sail act under a steady wind from the north-north- west, when suddenly tho wind veered, and a terrille blast struck her from tho north-west. This squall bosides broaching tho ship to, carried away tho main topmast head, which necessitated cutting it away with all its gear, as woll as tho miziea topmast and the fore royal and topgallant yards, and shaking the hool of tho mizzon mast. So» after sea broko on board, ono of which stove in tho forward dock-houso. Tho decks wero floodod, and the men EOt to work to clear away tho wreck had a difficult task to contend with. After twenty hours' work this was done. Throughout all this trying time the captain, officers, and men showed great endurance and pluck, and their situation may be easily imagined, when it is said that on deck the water was up to their middles, and a south- west gale, accompanied by hail and snow squalls, was blowing with unusual force. After the wreck had been cleared away the main topsail yards were lashed together, and the mainmast head secured. The vessel was repaired in Hobart before resuming her voyage to Brisbane. The whole of her cargo was landed in excellent condition, The following vossels have sailed:-The Danish schooner, GertruidaStrating, on tho 1st December, for Adolaido, via Bundaborg ; the Alico Muir, barque, from Townsville on the 7th Decombor, for British Columbia ; the Eorl Derby, barque, from Keppel Bay (Rockhamp- ton) on the same date, for Nowcastlo, in ballast; the British Army ship, from Moreton Bay on tho 9th Dccombor, for Portland, Oregon, in balas ; tho Charles Bal, barquo, from Moreton Bay on the 11th December, for Port Townsend, in ballast ; the E. and A. Company's steamer Airlie, from Moreton Bay on tho 12th Decem- ber, for Hongkong, via ports ; tho Rhuddlan Castle, barquo, from Moreton Buy on tho 17th December, for Valpariso, in ballast; tho Islo of Anglesea, barquo, from Hervey Bay, on the 18th Decem- ber, for Nowcastle, in bollnst ; tho Advance- ment, barquo.fromKoppolBay (Rockhampton) on tho 19sh December, for Wellington (N.Z.), in ballast ; the ship Doris Broderscn, from Moreton Bay on the 20th December, for Tome (South Amorica), in sand ballast; the Renfrewshire, barquo, from Moroton Bay on tho 21st Decombor, for Newcastle, in ballast ; tho Corolin, barquo, from Moreton Bay on the 22nd Docombor, for Newcastle, in ballast ; tho Volo of Doon, borque, from Moreton Bay on tho 23rd Docembor, for Talcaluano, in sand ballast; the CN. Company's steamer Whampoa, from Moroton Bay on tho 24th December, for Hongkong, vid Queensland ports ; and tho B.I.S.N. Company's E..M.S. Dorunda, fiom Brisbane yestorday, for Lon- don via ports. Tho B.I.S.N. Company's supplementary steamer Duke of Sutherland, now coming down the coast, is expected to arrivo in tbo Brisbano roadstead to-day. In regard to the vessels in harbour, tho barquo Vi Halt ft has cleared at the Customs for Nowcastlo, in ballast, and is now lying in Moroton Bay waiting for a fovourablo oppor- tunity to put to sea. Tbo Golman barquo Shakespeare wiU probably be roported at tho Customs to-day, and will commenco dis- charging without delay. Tho George R. Crowe, Loch Doon, and Ardendoo are all making satisfactory progress with tho dis- charge of thoir cargoes, and will all clear out in ballast shortly. MONETARY AND COMMERCIAL. It was expected that tho banks in Queensland would ero this havo assimilated their rates of interest to thoso which have lately boon pro- posed for adoption in tho Southern colonies. A meeting was held on tho subjoct, but aa ono of tho banks objected to tho reduction, tho further consideration of tho subject was ad- journed until after tho holidays. In tho mean- time, one of the banks, acting under instruc- tions from its head ofiico in Molbourno, has altered its rates of exchange on London, and most of tho other banka aro about following suit. The selling rates, which were | por cent for sixty days, aro itto J porcentpromium; and tho buying rates, which wero -J por cont, aro now quoted at from i to ï per cont discount. These alterations are, of courso, tho result of heavy shipments of gold now boing sont out from London to tho colonies. In tho general markets business bal been generally good, although no largo or speculative transactions have boon roported. Tho bread stuffs market is steady and shipments of new sotvson's flour aro shortly oxpectod. In tho sugar market thcro has been a littlo activity, but as some of tho mills havo ceased crushing for tho season, on account of tho wot woathcr, it ia moro than probable prices will matorially advance. Stocks aro not hoavy in Brisbano, and it is believed thoro is not a great quantity on tho plantations. The business in dried fruits has been botter in Brisbano than in tho Southorn markets. Currants roso hero to a good price, but havo now dropped back. Only light stocks will bo carried forward to next year. A number of consignments will, however, shortly reach this market. Elcmes aro rathor scarce, but other lines, such aa sul- tanas, figs, and muscatels, aro sufficiently supplied for present purposes. In fish thero has been an upward tendoncy, especially in salmon, which has advanced to ils. and 9s. 3d. Thero has beon but littlo doing in salt, and prices havo not improved. English hama aro not over plontiful ; pricoa rango from lid. to Is. Id. Soda crystals aro lighter, and rango from £5 5s. to £5 10s. Galvanised iron stocks aro being reduced. Whito lead is plontiful in a alow market. Boiled and raw oil are quotod at 3s. in. and 3s. 2d. respectively. Kcrosino continues very low in prico. Stocks of wiro are rathor heavy, but a fow parcels havo beon placed during the week. Cement ia in fair supply, and prices for best qualities rango be- tween Ils. Gd. and l63. Gd. Tho demand for liqnors of all kinds was very good, especially during tbo fow days boforo Ohristmas. 