PREHISTORIC Chambers' JoraorAT. The early history or man in every conn try is shrouded in considerable mystery uncertainty. When tradi tion fcils us, ire have not by any means reached the farthest point in the history or the race. At that point, geology comes to onr assistance with revelations of men of the rudest stage or life living in pre historic ages.under circumstances of great interest. _ It is to this early age of which geology speaks that we here torn atten tion. The pear-mosses of Denmark sap ply important data for the early history of man in that country. In these peats are imbedded many relics of a people who dwelt in thai region long before the pre sent race had migrated thither. These relics consist chiefly or curiously formed implements and weapons in sione and "hrrm-7-a—Tiamrrxar arrow, and spearheads, hatchets and knives, etc. 2fow, peat is formed slowly. It is the result of the an nual growth and decay of numerous marsh-plants—each year's mass of dead rashes. reeds, and grasses being " overgrown by the vegetation of the sncceedingyear. Tie fonnatioatakes place in marshy hollows ; and in process of time consolidates and sinks into the soft soil on which it rests- The growth each year, however, adds only a very thin stratum to the formation, and when this is pressed by the strata of subsequent years, it sinks into still smaller compass. The Danish peats aitain a thicl-noes of . about thirty feet, and they must there fore have been a very considerable limp under formation- Imbedded in peat are often found the trunks of trees ; indeed, in some instances part of a forest growing in the hollow in which peat was being • formed has been choked by the rank growth of marsh plants, and the soil becoming too moist for the favorable growth of the trees, they, robbed of their strength from these two causes, have fallgyi a prey to storms, and become over grown with peat. Thus single trees or clusters of trees, or even whole forests, may be pari of a peat-moss. JSow, the implements of the prehistoric age found In the upper portion of the Danish peats, and associated mill the remains of beeches, are made of iron. Those thai occur farther from the surface,in conjunc tion with remains of oak, are of bronze ; while those that lie nearer the botiom of the peat, by the side of the ancient firs, are made of stone. Here is evidence of an early race or men existing in three stages of antique civilisation. We hare thus evidence of what, for the sake of clearness, we may term three distinct ages, though there is no real distinction, because one period glided into another as impercepti bly as our old year is followed by the new. The Stone age is the oldest pre historic era we hare any evidence of ; but it is subdivided into two periods—Paleo lithic (ancient-stone) and the '(o'itliic (new-stone). The flint weapons of the Neolithic period, manufactured when •man had made some Vii'c progress in the art of tool-making,are better finished than those of the Paheolithic period. Those of the earlier period (the Palaeolithic) are so erode and Si-finished that it Is some times difficult to distinguish between them and pieces of flint worn aud chipped by the forces of nature. The relics of the Danish peats are refera ble only to the Neolithic period. Before the earliest immigrants of the rude tribes of the Neolithic age had made their homes among the prehistoric firs of Den mark, there had roamed over vast tracts of country, not very far removed from that locality, a race of men, if possible more ample in their modes of life and workmanship—the men of the Pahsolithic age. Bui between this age and the Neo lithic of the Danish peats a subdivision has been defined. In the caves of the south of Prance occur "vast quantities of the bones and horns of the reindeer. In some cases, separate plates of molars of the mammoth, and several teeth of the great Irish deer ( Cirrus mi^accroS) and cf the cave-lion {Felix speia:). and an extinct maneiy ot Jreiis uo, nave oeeti lOiiuu mixed np with cat and carved antlers of tiie reindeer.7' This period has been •named by French geologists the Heindeer age, because the remains of that animal occur in very great profusion in these "French cares. As a proof of the existence of mm at a time when the reindeer and other animals, now confined to far higher latitudes, roamed as far towards the eqnatora3 the south of France, perhaps farther, ii is to be noticed that not only are his implements found side by side with the remains of the reindeer in snch a -manner as io show that they were de posited at ihe same time, but many of the antlers or that animal are cut and rudely carved, bearing ample evidence of the work of a more or less intelligent race of •men On one of the bones found in a care of the Eeindeerage, theoutlinesofthegreat mammoth hare been rudely carred by some ingenious hand, long since laid to rest; and the long carred tusks and shaggy coat of wool are easily recognis able. But beyond the Useolithic and the Heindeer ages lies ihe Paheolithic epoch, reaching back still further into prehistoric fmiK The tools and implements of man referable to this epoch are found chiefly in the high-level gravels of our Talleys, and are of the rudest type. They occur mired with bones of the horse, bear,tiger, deer, hippopotamus, rhinoceros, and extinct species of hyena,III such a manner as to leave no doubt of their coexistence with these animals. They are "always ungrotmd, having evidently been brought to their present form amply by the chop ping off of fragments by repeated blows, snch as could be given by a stone hammer." It i3 difficult io form any approximate idea of ihe vast antiquity of these Pahro nthic gravels. Since they were laid down, and these early prehistoric men lived in these localities, the rivers over vast tracts of country have slowly cat their way through, in some instances, over a hun dred feet or hard. rock, and spread the sediment around their months or over the bottom of the sea. What a vast amount of time it must have re quired to scoop out the valleys of a country to a depth of a hundred feet. "We quote Sir Charles X.ye3L who says:— ISearly all the known Pleistocene quad rupeds have nor been found accompany ing flint knives or hatchets in such a way as to imply their coexistence nith man ; and ire have thus the concurrent testimony of several classes of geological facts to ihe vast antiquity of the human race. The disappearance of a large variety of species of wild animals from every part of a wide continent must have required a \- vast period of time for its accomplish ment ; yet this took place while man : existed on ihe earth, and was completed before thai early period when the Danish sheIl-motmd3 were formed. The deepen- : fmr and widening of valleys implies an amount of change of which ihat which "hag occurred during the historical period i •Forma scarcely a perceptible part. Ages must have been required to change the climate of wide regions to such an extent as completely to alter ihe geographical distribution of many mammalia as well as land and freshwater shells. The three or four thousand years of the historical period do not furnish us with any appre ciable measure for calculating the num ber of centuries which should suffice for such a series of changes, which are by no •moana of a local character, hut have operated over a considerable part of Europe." In these gravels we gather all that is at present known of that earliest period on which history sheds no light. This period probably reaches back into the closing acts of the physical drama of the great Glwfialage, when the valleys and plains of the northern hemisphere, down to the fortieth parallel of latitude, were groaning beneath the burden of grinding glaciers and untold depths of snow 5 while the rivers were mostly covered with thick ice, and ihe seas were full of icebergs floating, with infinite collisions, to the southward, or covered with hummock ed, snow-covered icefloe, as the arctic seas are to-day. Amid scenes Eke these, these earliest pioneers of the gaees of men struggled ihrough their first experiences of the rough world- Could these scenes, through the touch of some magic wand, he reconstructed, and made to pass in dioramic form before our eyes, how interesting they would be 1 How closely we should listen to their stories of that far-gone age, could the men who lived while these gravels were being formed, spring to life again and tell us what they saw, and knew, and felt 1 What problems might be thus satisfac torily solved I But such cannot be ; the pasi has successfully buried its dead, and what we know of it3 history must be through the tortuous course of induction. But these men were most probably hunters ; their business was to lire. And no trapper of modern American fame 1 could want higher or, to us, more inter esting game. Across the snow-clad plains roamed herds of the gigantic mam moth in seareh of food ; while savage boars kept cover under the brushwood of the forests ; and packs of hungry wolves, on the scent of prey, filled the clear frosty air with their dismal cry, as their modern representatives in Russia and other countries do to-day. The magnificent Hash deer—not then extinct, and than which no deer of modern age has antlers half so large, or has half so noble an appearance— galloped with hounding, graceful step across the plains of Ireland. Bears hybaraaied through the greater part of the severe, almost endless winter; and when the climate became suitable, canning beavers followed their life's work by the side of broad shallow rivera that drained continents, part of which are now no more. As the climate became warmer when the age of bolder drift was past, ferocious tigers prowled around man's rude but in search of sweet morsels —veritable ancestors of modern "man- j eaters"—and in the vicinity of the rivers, ! the huge hippopotamus and scale-covered crocodile sought their livelihood. Among this varieiy of animal life, and in the ex citement of a hunter's existence, during the latter part of the great Glacial age, lived these Pakeolithic men, clothing themselves from the bitter cold with the warm furs of the a-nim»1« their superior intelligence enabled them to trap, or that came within reach of their curiously flint barbed arrows, and living almost entirely on the game ihey were able to ""bag." 