S U M M A R Y\ jVOB " 8 EUROPE. POLITICAL. The Government are quietly proceeding with the preparation of hills for Parliament, and their work is not disturbed by any unusual activity in political circles. They have six weeks before them, as the Homes are not to meet until June 1, and in that time they hope to have their measures well matured and ready for presentation. The Irrigation Bill is the most important of all, and the scheme foreshadowed by the Premier at Echuca before the general election has been elaborated by the Minister of Water Supply, and is now in the hands of the parliamentary draughtsman. A deputation recently asked the Minister of Water Supply to show his hand in reference to works to be constructed entirely at tho expense of the Government, but he declined to give any definite information on the point. The attention which is being given to irrigation, and the likelihood that a large state expenditure in the dry areas will shortly be proposed, have induced representatives of the mining interest to come forward with a large demand. They want the Government to expend £100,000 in prospecting for gold, and in drain- ing auriferous country where operations are impeded by water. This novel request was made to the Premier who found no difficulty in meeting it with a refusal to submit any such proposition to Parliament. The Government, he said, were prepared to propose that the annual prospecting vote should be increased beyond the £10,000 now given, but they would go no further. -' There was no guarantee that the Government would receive any return for the expenditure, and it was very clear that the people would not consent to additional taxation being imposed to meet the outlay which the deputation had asked for The.. New Hebrides question continues to attract general attention, and great satisfaction has been given by a telegram from London that the negotiations for ceding the islands to France had been suspended in consequence of the hostile attitude of the federated colonies of Australasia. We have not heard that the negotiations have been abandoned, and therefore public meetings continue to be held to support the Government in their opposition to the proposal from the Foreign Office that the group should be given to France on condition that the transportation of convicts to the Pacific ceased, and that Great Britain should re- solve the island of Raga. The Government New South Wales approved of the proposed cession on these terms, but their action was challenged by Sir Henry Parkes by resolutions in the Legislative Assembly. A long debate followed, but the Government had a majority, on the division. The voting was For the resolutions, 31 ; against, DO. The defeat of the resolutions was expected, as a party vote was taken upon them, It is understood that if the motion could have been submitted other than as one of cen- sure upon the Jennings Government it would have been carried by an almost unanimous vote, public opinion in New South Wales expressing itself both in the press and by public meeting against any surrender of the isles. Mr. James, who has been administer- ing the Mines department, has resigned His position in the Government was peculiar. When he joined he could not be given a portfolio, because the statutory maximum of eight Ministers in the Legislative Assembly had been reached. So it w as decided that he should assume control of the Mining department, pending the passing of a bill to create an additional portfolio.. This arrangement was acquiesced in, but when Mr. James was defeated for Ballarat East the position was changed. He continued to pre- side at the mines (although Mr. Dow was nominally the Minister), and it was announced that he would petition against the return of Mr. Murphy who headed him at the poll. Up to' last week, he was firm in that determination and he visited the principal mining centres, and discussed weighty matters' with gentlemen interested in that industry. The Ministry, however, were embarrassed by the fact that an impor-' tant branch of Government was being controlled by a gentleman who was neither a Minister nor a member of the Legislature, and the position was freely criticised in the press. Mr. JAMES, J at the same time, found reason for supposing that he might not be successful with his petition, and accordingly decided to abandon it and ruth o from the Cabinet. By doing so he has relieved the Government from an awkward pro-, diction, and the course has followed is held to be creditable to his judgment and sense of propriety. It is likely that' a redistribution of offices will take place, so as to avoid the taking into the Government of a gentleman to supply this vacancy. > SOCIAL AND GENERAL. His Excellency the Governor, who was accompanied by Lady Loch, laid the corner stone of St Barnabas' Church of England, North Montague street, South Melbourne, on April 9 There was a numerous attendance of both clergy and laity to witness the ceremony His Excellency, in the course of an address, stated that the late Bishop of Melbourne, and the present Bishop of Manchester, Dr. Moorhouse, had told him that he took a deep interest in the erection of this church, and hoped that the parishioners would come forward nobly and provide the, funds necessary for the completion of the building. , , Antun ii Tryon arrived in Melbourne by train from Sydney on Friday last, and after a short interview with his Excellency the Governor waited on the Premier at the public offices, and had a long; conversation with him' in reference to matters connected with the naval defence of the colonies. The Imperial authorities are anxious to ascertain the views of the various colonial Governments with reference to the suggestions which have been submitted from time to time for the combined naval defence of the colonies, and for federal action with respect to the Defence of King George's Sound. It has been arranged that Mr. Gillies, the Premier, should proceed to Sydney on April 26 for the purpose of in- formally discussing matters with Admiral Tryon and the Premiers of New South Wales and Queensland. the representatives of the colonies at the forthcoming: conference will do nothing to commit their respective Governments to any particular scheme, but the object will be to ascertain it there is any prospect of a general understanding being arrived at between the colonies with a view of strengthening the naval defences of the group. The Premier of South Australia will be unable to attend owing to the pleasure of other business. In all probability the New Guinea question will be generally discussed by the Premiers, but will afterwards form the subject of communications between the various Governments About 200 gentlemen, representing all classes of the community, assembled at luncheon in the supper-room at the Town-hall on Friday afternoon to wish Mr. Service bon voyage prior to his departure for KIM land. The proceedings were of the most cordial character throughout Sir George Verdon presided, and among his supporters were Mr. Gillies (the Premier). Mr. Deakin (the Chief Secretary), Mr. Lorimer (Minister of Defence), Mr. Derham (Postmaster General), and several members of both Houses of Parliament Mr. H J. Turner (manager of the Commercial Bank of Aus- tralia) proposed the toast of Health, Happiness, and Prosperity to Mr. Service," in a highly eulogistic speech. Mr bert Lee, he said, had greatly aided in promoting the prosperity of the colony, and he had given the colonies a distinctly national foreign policy). In the course of his response, Mr. Service said he was delighted with the action of Mr. Gillies in regard to the New Hebrides, and still hoped that those islands would be saved from the grasp of France. He could not understand the attitude of New South Wales In this matter ; it was a perfect enigma to him, and be believed it would be an enigma pos beauty. How the Imperial Government could. UNIT have thought of conceding the New Hebrides to France was utterly beyond his' comprehension ; but it was (gratifying to learn that the feeling; was gradually possess- ing the midst of English statesmen that in all matters HILLBERG; tin- interests of Austral until the people of these colonies must be consulted. The Government have despatched a telegram to Lord Wolverton, the Postmaster General in the British (Government, notifying that Victoria is willing to join in the establishment of a parcels poof between England and this colony, on the terms mentioned in his lordship recent telegram, M-, that the minimum charge per parcel shall be 6s. for the firsts, and 1s. per lb. additional up to this, and that half the receipts shall go to the colonies, one-third to England, and the sixth to defray the cost of sea conveyance, thep. undO. MuilbteainihipCotup-iiy having expressed their willingness to carry the parcels at the rate of 2d. per lb. In cabling on nllirhiothe reply, the Government of this colony notify that they restrict the delivery of the parcels to Melbourne and railway towns, adding in the latter case the charges of the Railway depiutmeii-,which they regard as extremely moderate, a parcel of 141 is for example, being conveyed 100 miles tor Is. The message concludes by asking Lord Wolverton to cable the date on which it is proposed to inaugurate the new service, so that arrangements may be made here accordingly, The subjoined communication was published in The Argus of Thursday I-" To the Editor of The Argus, Sir, understand that various rumours have been published in Melbourne to the effect that Lord Normanby is engaged to be married to Miss Macintyre.! These reports are entirely without foundation, and have been reiterated in a scandalous manner. As the lady's brother, I beg to request the favour of a contradiction in a paragraph in your next issue. MIsS Mac- intyre does not wish her name to appear again in the matter. Trusting to your kind- ness I am, yours truly, DONALD MACINTYRE:, Kayuga, N.S.W., April 12. The question of taking some steps to perpetuate the memory of the late chancellor of the Melbourne University was discussed at a meeting of the University Council on Monday. Dr. Morrison suggested that a portrait of Bishop Moorhouse should be procured, and the cost defrayed out of the funds of the University. General objection was taken to this course, however, it being considered desirable that all funds required should be raised by subscription. The matter was therefore postponed, to allow Dr. Morri- son to frame a resolution which would meet the case- A sketch model of the bust of Bishop Moorhouse which is being procured by private subscription was exhibited in the council-room. The artist is Mr. Percival Ball, gold, medallist of the Royal Academy, London, And the likeness is an excellent one. Three copies of the best are to be obtained one to be placed in the chapter-house of the new Anglican Cathedral, another in the' Pub!.. Library, and the third in the year versity. 2 The barque South Milton, which had on board a cargo of sugar from Mauritius, was totally wrecked near' the Barwon Heads, before daylight on April 10. The vessel was at the time under all her canvas, except the royals, and had a whole sail breeze aft. The captain hove-to, and took soundings, and as the lead showed 17 fathoms, he resumed his course, but shortly afterwards land was seen, and the vessel struck heavily. Fortunately she was lifted over the reef, so that the boats could be safely got out, and all the crew were saved. The vessel broke up and disappeared. shortly after she, foundered. She was only partially insured. The cargo was insured in foreign offices for £22,000. The Victorian Rifle Association finally determined on April 7 to select four -aldermen as the Victorian section of the united Australian team which it is proposed to send to England to live at Wimbledon this year for the Kolapore Cup. 7 The early closing disturbances in the suburbs that were referred to in last summary have now entirely ceased A special meeting of the Federal Council of the Irish National League of Australasia was held in St Patrick's hall on Wednesday afternoon. In accordance with the suggestion of a meeting of Irish residents held in the same hall on the previous evening, it was unanimously resolved to forward the following cable message to Dr. O'Doherty, M.P.: "Bequest Mr. Parnell to thank Mr. Gladstone on behalf of the Irish National League of Australasia for his efforts to grant home rule to Ireland." It was decided to transmit a further draft of £500 to the parent league in Dublin for the payment of members' fund, making a total of £2,000 up to date. The Rev. George Dods has declined to comply with the injunction of the Melbourne Presbytery to submit for examination the manuscript of the sermons preached by him in the Scots Church between March 1884 and June' 1885. Action on the rev. gentleman's' refusal will, it is understood, be taken by the presbytery at a special meeting to-morrow. At the sitting of the Insolvency Court on April 14, Mrs. It Mortimer Franklyn was examined as a witness in connexion with her husband's insolvency. In evidence the witness stated that at her own request the insolvent's furniture and household effects were settled upon her before their marriage, and all subsequent purchases were to be included in the settlement She knew nothing about her husband's difficulties until the day after he died his schedule, and had decided to sell her furniture because she had arranged to go to England on account of ill-' health. The obituary list of the fortnight includes the name of Mr. Richard Goldsbrough,] who had been intimately associated with the Australian wool trade for 38 years, and who, both in his business and his private relations, was held in the very highest esteem as one of the foremost business men of the community, and one of the most generous and philanthropic of citizens ; Dr. J. B. Motherwell, another old colonist,' and a leading member of the medical profession sion in this city and the Rev. Isaac New, who came to this colony in 1857, at the request, of the Baptist Missionary Committee in London, to assume the pastoral charge of the Albert-street church, East Melbourne, Mr. Stuart Cumberland's thought-reading experiments have attracted large audiences, to the Melbourne Town-hall. Ills most such cessful and sensational lost Was the finding; of a pin concealed within a radius of one mile from the Town- hall. " ' ' ' " ' ' Mr. Dion Boucicault, jun., was the recipient of a complimentary and substantial benefit at the Bijou Theatre' on Wednesday evening last His Excellency the Governor ; and Lady Loch were present, and the house | was packed to overflowing. "A Model our Wife" and "The Colleen Bown" constituted the programme. In the latter piece, Miss BonclcaultjWas at her best as Eily O'Connor. Mr. BoucicaUlt gave a life-like representation; of Danny Mann, and Mr. J. C. Williamson! emerged from his managerial retirement. to give one more performance of a favourite part-Myles-na-Coppaleen. No change has taken place during the last fortnight either at the Theatre Royal or the Opera-house, where " The Mikado" and " Rip Van Winkle still hold the boards reSpectively. Mr. T. H. Guenett commenced his tenth season of " Melbourne Popular Concerts " at Glen's rooms, Collins-street east, on Wednesday. the 7th Inst, with every promise of success. The string quartet consists of Messrs. G. W Weston, G. Curtis, J. B. i Zerbini, and C, Reimers, Tarlo violoncello last-named comes recently from Adelaide, and is a great acquisition to the ranks of Melbourne instrumentalists. The second concert was given on the 11th list, in the presence of Lady Loch and a large audience, These musical entertainments are admirable, { both in selection and execution. The Melbourne Liedertafel, conducted by Mr. Julius' Siede, gave their 179th concert in the Town- ' hall on Monday evening, the 12th April, in, the presence of His Excellency the Governer and Lady Loch and a great audience. The programme contained large selections from' William Tell," Beethoven's "Engedi," and the " Pastoral Symphony," besides purchasing ing by the choir and the ballet music from Mackenzie's "Columba." Miss Muller, a, successful debutante, was the only lady voca-, list The concert was in all respects success- ' li. _. INTERCOLONIAL. NEW SOUTH WALES. ''BY His Excellency the Governor and suite I visited Bathurst on April 7, and were accorded a very enthusiastic reception. On April 12, His Excellency and Lady Carrington left Sydney on a visit to Newcastle, in the steamer Namoi, which was specially decorated for the occasion. On arriving in Newcastle, the vice- regal party had a cordial welcome, and were escorted by a large procession through the principal streets of the city. Maitland was visited by His Excellency and Lady Carrington on Thursday last.. , Mr. T. S. Clibborn has received a letter from Lord Carrington, stating that Lady Carrington will offer a cup of the value of 100 guineas as an additional prize for the Sydney) Gold Cup, to be run at the end of this month. The cup is given its a small token of the interest the donor and Lord Carrington excel in the great sport of the colony, 'The offer has been gratefully accepted. The debate on the resolution moved by Sir Henry Parkes, censuring the Government for their action with regard to the New Hein sides was commenced on April 8, and concluded on April 14. On a division, Sir Henry's supporters numbered 31 us against Bli for the Government A supplement to the Government QatcU?, issued on Wednesday last, contains a circular despatch from the principal Secretary of State for the Colonies, the substance of which is as follows Communications signifying their readiness to assent to the proposal that colonial armed vessels should be recognised as ships of war have been received through the Foreign Office from the Governments of France, Germany, Austria, Italy, Spain, Norway and Sweden, Holland,Tielgium.the United States, Denmark, Turkey, Brazil, Japan, Peru, Ecuador, Chili, and Guatemala. Russia has also conveyed her assent to the proposal on conditions which are a subject of correspondence between this office and the Foreign Office. The only Government which has declined to comply with the wishes of Her Majesty's Government in this respect is that of Costa Rica. It is suggested to the several colonial Governments that their armed vessels should adopt formalities as regards the exchange of international courtesy, us observed by the ship-of the Royal Navy. The Divorce Extension Bill, now under discussion in the Legislative Council, was condemned on Friday by a meeting convened by the Primate, and composed principally of clergymen. A - motion was unanimously agreed to that the meeting desired to record its disapproval of the bill, as containing provisions at variance with the general interpretation of the Christian law, and as likely to impair the sacredness of marriage and the responsibilities of entrance upon the married suite,, inflicting serious injury upon the domestic and social welfare of the community. It was resolved that a petition embodying these opinions should be sent to both Houses of the Legislature. At a recent meeting of the senate of the University, the annual election for vice-chancellor resulted in the appointment of Mr. Justice Windeyer. A representative meeting of the Presbyterian Churches of New South Wales was held on April 6. The object of the meeting was to inaugurate a majority fund of 50 000 in commemoration of the 21st anniversary of the United Presbyterian Churches in New South Wales. Several large sums were contributed, and donations amounting to £7, 31 were announced. An official statement of the accounts for 1885 in connexion with the Government Savings Bank of New South Wales has been issued. It shows cash received from depositors £1,152,583 0s. 8d., to which was added interest amounting to £49, 193 Cd. Sd. The excess of assets in given as Jillings 7s. 10d. Major-General Fremantle, CB., arrived on April 3 by the Union S.S. Company's steamer Mariposa, and was accorded a hearty reception by the members of the late Soudan con. torrent and the local forces, consisting of Major-General Richardson, Major Mackenzie, Major Williams, and all the rank and file. On leaving the steamer He was cheered by the men. A deputation from the Rifle Association of New South Wales waited on the Colonial Secretary on April 9, with the object of asking the Government to share the expense of send- ing to England a team of Australian riflemen' to compete at Wimbledon in various matches. Mr. Dibbs said that if the colony contributed it must be on the understanding that it would have equal representation with Victoria. He promised to recommend the granting of their request. Messrs. R. and G. Tangye, of Birmingham, have presented to the Art Gallery the medallion portrait of Captain Cook made by Josiah Wedgewood at the close of the last century. The same gentlemen have also lent for exhibition a medallion made from clay obtained by Sir Joseph Banks at Botany Bay on his visit to Australia as naturalist to the Great Circumnavigation Expedition of last century. Mr. Wedgewood spoke highly of the clay for manufacturing purposes. The German gunboat Albatross arrived on April 11 from a cruise of eight months' dura- tion. In the course of her cruise, the object of which was to punish the natives in various parts of New Britain and New Ireland for various crimes, the murder of traders, robbery, of, several engagements took place with the natives, who in every case either refused to deliver up the murderers or other offenders,. or ran away into the bush on the appearance of the ship. Some of the skirmishes were of a very severe nature, especially in New Ireland, where the natives were very aggressive and fought well. In one engagement eight of the crew of the Albatross were wounded, some seriously, two men receiving Snider rifle ball through the shoulder. in the various engagements 43 natives were "killed and many others wounded. Their houses, canoes, and plantations were destroyed. The natives, in nearly every place where the engagements occurred, were found armed with Snider rifles, and they appeared to hnvo_unlhiiited supplies of ammunition, in addition to spears and boats. It is reported in Bourke that a man called " Tom the cook is claiming the title and estates of the Earl of Eglinton. He has been supplied with money to enable him to go to Melbourne, and see it firm of solicitors, who believe that he is the right man. He is married, and has been cooking for the shearers on Beemery station. QUEENSLAND. The Governor and family intend leaving Brisbane this day by these. Elamang for Sydney, 'on' route to England via. San, Francisco.] Sir Arthur Palmer will be sworn in as acting Governor. ' ' _ Captain Marx, of LC.M.S. Stringer, was] married on Tuesday afternoon to the eldest daughter of Captain Heath, the postmaster of Queensland. The ceremony took place in St. Mary's Church, Kangaroo Point Bishop Webber, assisted by the Rev. Mr. Court, performed the ceremony in the presence of the, Governor and Lady Musgrave, the Premier, the Colonial Treasurer, and other pro- minent citizens, also the officers of IL M.S. Opal and Raven, the Palumah, and the Gay Iindah, and the principal officers of the defence force. The church presented a brilliant spectacle. The bride and bridegroom were drawn in a carriage from the church to Captain Heath's house by 40 bluejackets of the Swinger. . < i Mr W. Pattison, Oppositionist, has been returned unopposed as a member of the Assembly for Blackall in place of Mr. Archer resigned. The Chief Secretary has received a telegram from the Premier of South Australia, intimating that the Government of that colony absolutely declines to enter into any further engagement of incur any further expense in connexion with the protectorate of New Guinea. The committee of the Brisbane branch of the Irish National League have sent the following telegram to Dr. O'Doherty, M.P. :-' "Convey congratulations Irish race in Queensland to Parnell and Gladstone Upon their efforts towards settlement Irish question." The Grand Lodge of Loyal Orangemen, Queensland, are sending a cable message to the cure of Mr. Johnstone, the member for Belfast, expressing their desire that nothing shall be done by the Imperial Parliament which may have a tendency to disintegrate the union of the United Kingdom. The Premier and the Treasurer expect to leave Brisbane on an extended visit to the northern towns on the 3rd May. They will proceed first to Townsville, and thence to Cairns, Cooktown, Thursday Island, Kimberley, Burketown, and Normanton, returning over turn! to Townsville, via' Cloncurry, Hughenden, and Charters Towers. The trip will altogether occupy between five and six, weeks. A preliminary return, compiled by the chief inspector of stock, shows that the total number of sheep in the colony on the 1st Juunltry last was 8,110,783, as compared with 0.43 829 on the 1st January, 1883 Nearly till the pastoral districts show a considerable decrease, the greatest being Maranoa, (t 3,000 ; Leichhardt, 287,000 ; Darling Downs, 253,000 and Warrego, 215,000. Mitchell shows an increase of 180.000, and Moreton of 150,000, The net total decrease in the colony for the year was 1,577,040, '" The steamer Truganini left Cooktown on' April 12 tor Fraser seven, German New Guinea, having as passengers Drs. Schrader Holliung, and Schneider (the exploring party), Mr. and Mrs. Goertz, and 11 Chinese for' plantation work. The explorers have taken a magnificent set of instruments with them. The Townsville Caledonian Association some time ago considered the question of bringing out a number of the distressed High- land brokers, and the Government, it is understood, has communicated with the agent-general suggesting; the advisability of his making arrangements for the employment of A suitable lecturer to visit those parts of Scotland from which the immigrants are most likely to come. Captain Sorensen, late muster of the Douro, has been found guilty of' robbery and assault- ing Charles Leslie on the high seas. He was sentenced by Mr Justice Mein to 10 years' penal servitude. The Douro lies, on the order of the Chief Justice, been forfeited to Her Majesty for the contravention of the Merchant Shipping Act in the owner's attempting to conceal the British character of the vessel by means of a simm Bale. The Attorney-General has obtained an order from the Admiralty Court for the sale of the vessel by public auction. SOUTH AUSTRALIA. At a Cabinet meeting held on Wednesday last it was decided to call Parliament together on May 27. The books and accounts of the Young Men's Christian Association have been S' icially audited, with the result that it has been discovered that the secretary, Mr. Walker, has embezzled the funds of the association to the extent of £1,300. The registrar-general's report for the year 1885 shows that there were 12,040 births, the excess of births over deaths being 8,059. The estimated population of Adelaide and suburbs was 127,000. During the last three months the excess of emigration over immigration was 1803, On April 8, the Adelaide Presbytery resolved, in consequence of the prevailing distress, to set apart a day for humiliation and a prayer. On the following day a meeting of the clergy of the various denominations carried a resolution inviting the Christian people of the colony to unite in a day of liniiiiii.itinh mid prnyA. Bishop Kennion Belli a letter, inthecourseof which he remarked: "should like-opointonttoyouthat, if read my Bible aright, the state of things which exists, is exactly what we are led to expect will be the case with a land in which, not tvth-.taii.li.i_ our professed knowledge of Almighty God, there is not only no attempt made to honour Him by teaching His words and giving His counsel to the children of our nation, but efforts to promote this simple and primary duty are continually frustrated by some of those who are now desirous of our choosing a day for common humiliation and prayer before that God whom as a nation we do not seek to honour." Alex. Crooks, the late manager of the Bank of South Australia, was charged before Chief Justice Way, on April 7, with having era scaled -,6,000, the moneys of the bank. He pleaded guilty, and in doing so said his case admitted of no merciful consideration, and he would ask for none. He was sentenced to eight years' imprisonment with hard labour. Wilson, the late accountant of the bank, also pleaded guilty to the embezzlement of J. 67 10-, and was sentenced to six years' imprisonment with hard labour. The Adelaide branch of the Irish National League has sent the following telegram to Mr, Parnell:-"Thank Gladstone on behalf of the Irishmen in South Australia for his efforts to settle the Irish question." A petition was presumed in the Supreme Court on Tuesday last from Mr. J. T. Hackett, for winding-up the' Commercial Bank of South Australia under the Companies Act of 1884\. Several affidavits were read supporting the petition, and approving of the appointment of Messrs. Hancock, Playford, and Ware as official liquidators. After a lengthened argument, the Court made an order to wind up the bank, and directed that Messrs. W. J. Brook, Hancock, and T. Playford be provisional liquidators. Owing to a rumour that there was something wrong with the Adelaide Savings Bank.' there was a run upon the institution by depositors. Mr. Pearce, the manager, declared that there was no reason whatever for the panic. The bank paid all, the > withdrawals without demanding a moment's notice. The run was continued on the following day, but gradually subsided. WESTERN AUSTRALIA. The value of city property in Perth is increasing rapidly, In consequence of the general prosperity of the colony. Very satisfactory news has been received from the Kimberley district relating to the progress made by the gold-seekers. The following telegram was received by the Governor on April 6 from the resident magistrate at Derby :-" I have very great pleasure in iii Noticing your Excellency that most favourable reports have been received at Derby from the gold-fields. Five parties are down, all bringing alluvial gold, some more and some less. There are now something over 4000-. in the town." , A later telegram from Perth states-The barque Westeria has been placed on the berth Fremantle to convey passengers to the Kimberley gold-fields. Great excitement prevails throughout the colony on account of the news of the recent finds. The gold is alluvial, and a nugget weighing 16oz. is now en route to Freemantle, together with another parcel containing 10oz. The gold is very near the surface. Heavy tropical rains have fallen. Where the party are at work there is every prospect of a great goldfield." Under last Thursday's date it is reported that at the Government land sales on the previous day Derby town lots realised upwards of £120 per acre.- A number of parties were being totaled at Cossack for the purpose of proceeding to the gold-fields. Gold seekers continue to arrive at Derby from the fields with parcels of lGoz. and upwards. The gold to hand per Otway is pronounced of , first quality, and is very little water-worn. It is valued by experts at 4 per ounce. It has a strong resemblance to Queensland gold. TASMANIA. The land revenue shows a satisfactory in crease during the first three months of the year, though a falling off is expected owing to the final payments having been made for many selections early in the year. The following were the receipts during the first three months of the present and two previous years 1884, £11,7 ; 1885, -13,048 ; 1880, 14,08. The Government have agreed to give £200 towards sending two representatives from this colony to Wimbledon, provided that the public subscribe a further sum of £200. It is, understood that the money will be raised. , -HMS. Myrmidon ¡stakingBoundings near the portion of the coast where the Waihora struck on a rock. ' _ .^NEAV'ZEALAÑD'."" Parliament will meet on Way 13. Mr.- Ballance,' Native Minister, recently attended a meeting of Maori chiefs, near Wanganui, to confer with them as to any suggested amendments in the Native Lands Disposition Bill, which is to be introduced again next session. At the meeting one of the chiefs read a report of a discussion which took place in the House of Commons between Lord Randolph Churchill and Mr. Gladstone as to the right on, the Imperial Government to interfere in New Zealand native Hilaire. Mr. Ballance distinctly informed the chiefs, who were greatly pleased at his taking them into his confidence with regard to the bill under consideration, that the Imperial Government had no right to interfere between the colonial Government and the natives. Mr. Ballance is now engaged in conferring with chiefs of other districts regarding any, suggested amendments in the bill, and in arranging various tribal differences. A recent cable message having announced that the Imperial Government were asking colonial Governments to contribute to the ? cost of sending artisans from England to the colonies, a deputation-room thecaipentersand joiners of Dunedin waited upon the Premier with regard to the matter, and received an assurance that the Government would not sanction the introduction at mechanics into the colony on the conditions indicated. At a Auckland, on Wednesday. night. Sir George Grey was publicly presented with an address, signed by 111,000 persons, the occasion being his 74th birthday. A disastrous wreck, involving considerable loss of time, occupied in the night of the 12th inst, the Union steamer ' Ulimaroa going ashore near the mouth of the Clarence River, half a mile north of Waipapa Point, during a terrific gale. The captain, failing in the attempt to run a line' to the beach, ordered the boats to be lowered in less than half an hour after the vessel struck the passengers and crew were in the boats, but they were soon capsized by the heavy sea that was running, and most-of those in them were drowned. The captain's boat was driven out to sea, but after 17 hours succeeded in reaching land. So far as at present can be gathered, 3l lives have been lost Only 14 persons have been saved six passengers and eight of the crew. Efforts mu being made to revive the timber ? trade between New Zealand and England. Two large vessels are now loading" timber for London, and arrangements are being made to charter another large ship at Sydney to load at Auckland for the same place. Intelligence has been received from the agent-general that a syndicate, with a capital of a quarter at a million, has been formed to construct the East and West Coast Railway. . ' ' , An attempt to ascend Mount Cook has been made by Messrs. Fox and Mantlering, of Canterbury, but after reaching a height of 6000ft they deemed it prudent to return. They brought back numerous relics of the visit of the Rev. Mr. Green and party, who made the ascent some three years ago. Over 200 bootmakers are out on strike in Auckland, affecting all the larger factories. The masters submitted a Statement to the men which provided for an increase, in several directions, but this was not deemed satisfactory. NEW~LHNEA. Another exploratory voyage is shortly to be undertaken by Captain John Strachan, who recently returned to Sydney from New Guinea. He now intends to conduct operations entirely in the New Guinea territory of the Netherlands- India Government, and arrangements are being made to start at the close of next month in the steamer Summer Rose, 130 tons, which will be fitted up for a 12 months' cruise On leaving Port Jack- son he will make for the eastern Netheilunda - India possessions, following the coast line westward through Donga to Providential line, where he anticipates the discovery of a large river, in Ion 24deg. or Odeg., navigable as far inland as the Charles Mountains, a large running across the centre of New Guinea for about 150 miles, varying in height from '.LOOOit lo 6000ft. Captain Strachan will proceed to Batavia to interview theGovernorot Netherlands-India, and make arrangements under which lands can be acquired by shunters, explorers, or pioneers in Netherlands New Guinea. It is intended to accommodate passengers desirous of going with the expedition for purposes of trade, science or pleasure, and room will be provided for specimens. and ? THE LABOUR MARKET. The whole attention of the working-men is centred in the Eight Hours' Demonstration, which takes place on Wednesday next. Each society is making a special effort to make this year's fate much more successful and attractive than' any of its predecessors. The procession will be longer this year on account of the admission into its ranks of several labour organisa- tion which have been established during the past twelve months. The bootmaking trade is rather dull at present, as is also work with the felt hatters. Business in all the other trades is brisk, and the demand for servants and labour skilled and otherwise is steady. _ MONETARY AND COMMERCIAL. The Argus Office, Saturday Evening. The R.M.S.S. Parramatta, with the outward Australian mails, ''left for London on the 8th inst. A full complement of passengers left by her. The gold and specie taken by the Parramatta was of the value of £48,910 10s. The K.M. S.S. Kaisar-i-Hind, with the English mails via Suez, arrived on the 11th last The R.M.S.S. Liguria, of the Orient line, cleared out on the 17th Inst for London with mails, passengers and cargo. The Liguria was full of passengers in all classes. She also took away a large and valuable cargo, including 5,234 car- cases of frozen mutton. A quantity of fruit for the Colonial Exhibition in London was also forwarded. Tile Liguria, in addition to the gold and silver bullion shipped at Sydney, took away £40,000 in specie from this port. The R.M.S. Chain borazo arrived from London on the 18th inst., with a full cargo and a good comple- ment of passengers. The steamship Gulf of St. Vincent, from London via Adelaide, arrived on the 12th inst. The Gulf, on this voyage, did not call many where, and the man out was one unbroken stretch of steaming from Gravesend to Port Adelaide. The distance was covered in 55 days, but there was no undue pushing. Since the departure of the last mail business has been very quiet, and few trains actions of any importance have transpired. The tendency of the money market and the almost certainty of higher rates being required has no doubt tended somewhat to curtail operations. Confidence, however, is undisturbed, and traders look forward to it quiet but Bound business during the winter. Actual sales reported have been of a limited character. Bulk ales are slow of sale and only one or two small parcels have changed hands at about late rates. For battled ales and stout a good demand, continues, and sales are limiting steadily at full prices. Stout especially in attract- ing more attention. In jute goods little has been doing. Cornsacks are moving off quietly in small parcels at late rates. Bran bags are firm, and have had moderate attention at from 3s. 10d. to, 4s. in bond. Woolpacks have been in request, but holders are firm, and are asking full prices. Candles are steady at about late rates, stocks being light. For cement there has not been much inquiry and few sales have come, under our, notice., Chemicals are moving off quietly in trade parcels at late rates. For coffee there has not been much inquiry, and only a few small parcels have changed hands at current rates.' A fair demand continues for fish, but no large ' lines are moving. off'. . Salmon has had fair sales at 8s. 10½d., duty paid. For sardines there has been but an estimated inquiry, and was have only heard of trade sales having been effected at late rates.' Ling is quoted at from 3d. to 4d., according to sample... Other kinds have had moderate attention at late rates. The breadstuffs market was brisk last week, but this week little of any consequence has been done. For flour a fair demand continues both for export and consumption, though the inquiry for the former object has not been so brisk recently, owing to the large parcels sent away previously. Prices, however, are very line,' while stocks are considerably reduced. For such parcels as have changed hands from £9 12s. 6d. to £9 15s. has been paid for country brands, and up to £10 for town-made. Wheat was in good request, and millers having taken large orders for flour were disposed to cover the sales for wheat, and were prepared to have higher prices for large lines ' than those current at the, time. Thos. several large parcels changed hands at up to 43. 8d. . But as the demand was only from millers for the purpose stated above, and as there was no inquiry for export prices have not been maintained, and it is now difficult to obtain 4s. 11d. The market closes with buyers at 4s, Ackland holders asking more money. Supplies from the country are tailing off, and should the recent rains be general, the deliveries at the country stations are likely to cease. There are, however, large stocks both in town and at many of the country stations, so that supplies are not likely to be interfered with. As. the rain has held' off for so long, it is now almost certain that the next harvest will be late unless exceptionally favourable weather is experienced. ' Feeding grains have not had much attention, the demand being of a limited character. For fruits a firm inquiry has set in, though owing to the firmness of holders transactions have been of a limited character. Currants have had most attention both for consumption and Kin export.. Prices are firm at 3d. in bond. Raisins have had moderate attention at late rates. For gunpowder there is only a moderate inquiry, and we have only heard of trade sales having been effected at late rates. Hops have not had much attention, Trade- sales of Victorian are making at from 8d. to 12d., according to sample, while Tasmanian are moving off { quietly at up to' 10d. in bond. Malt is moving off steadily at current rates. In metals there is not smell doing. Galvanised iron is firmer, owing to the advance of the home market, but no sales of any consequence have come under our notice. Fencing wife is moving freely at the lower prices now ruling. Other kinds have had moderate attention at late rates. For oats there is not much inquiry, and we have only heard! of trade sales of the different descriptions at late rates. Foroil man's stores it good demand continues, and sales are making freely at agents' prices. Rice has not had much attention, only trade Bales of the different kinds being reported at current rates Salt is moving off' quietly at late races. A fair demand is maintained for sugars, but the trade do not show any disposition to operate freely. On the other hand, holders Show, more firmness, their position being strengthened by, the loss of the South Milton, with a cargo of 300 tons, from Mauritius. Stocks on the spot are very moderate, while shipments advised so far are light Whites have had moderate attention, while latterly slightly better prices have been obtained. For brewing crystals a good demand has been maintained, and sides have been selling freely at an advance on late rates. Medium whites are in short supply, and holders are now asking high ' prices. Rations also are scarce, and an advance in values is. anticipated. The company's sugars have been in better request, and fair parcels have changed lands at; their quotations. For teas there has been much inquiry, and few sales have been erected outside the ,' auction rooms. The public sales of Indian went off briskly, almost every line having been sold at full prices, but the Foochotvs showed a slightly easier market Stocks on hand are moderate. The usual timber sales have been held during the fortnight, but prices Shoiv'little'chnnge. A good demand is maintained for consumption and the deliveries from the yards are large. .? For tobaccoes a good inquiry con-' threes, and sales are making steadily at full prices Wines have not had much attention, only one or two small parcels having been disposed of at current rates. In spirits a moderate business is doing, but no large, lines have changed hands, the demand being, confined to small parcels for ordinary trade' requirements. " , Bilnlt, Rates There is no change in the rates of discount or interest, which remain as follow: Discounts on three months' bills, 2 7 per cent per annum 2 beyond that currency, 5 per cent per annum. interest on over-, drawn ? accounts, 9 percent per annum. Interest on deposits stands at. 3, 4, and 5 per, centaur sums lodged for three, six, and 12' months respectively. . Exchange. Rates . remain unchanged ¡ 60, days' sight bills on London are as follow: Buying, 5s. per cent, discount; selling, 10s. per cent premium.. on The latest du tea received are as follows From London, March 12; New York, March 7 ; Calcutta, March' 15 ; Mauritius, Jfaroh 5 ; Hong Kong, March 15 ; Foochow, March 9 ; Manilla, March 5 ; Batavia, March 7. i BANKS AND PUBLIC COMPANIES The second annual meeting of the shareholders of Our improved Dwellings and Lodging-house Company was held last Tuesday afternoon, at the office, Little Bourke street east Mr. G. Coppin, M L A., chairman of directors, presided in the directors' report it was pointed out that the debit balance of £362 Os 5d shown in the profit and loss account embraced the whole period of the company's operations since its formation in May, 1881, and included a sum of 192 19s written off preliminary expenses, law charges, depreciation and renewal of furniture, bedding, ice. The buildings originally intended for family dwellings, and erected at great additional expense in order to render them fire-proof were practi- cal!) unproductive during the first six months of the past year, but after their conversion into furnished chambers for single men, they had proved a great success, and the income of the company during the past six months, showing an increase of 1558 lbs, over the receipts of the previous half year, warranted the directors' belief that the company had now fairly started upon a paying basis Since the opening night, Jul) 21, 1881,140,077 sixpenny beds, 8,334 ninepenny beds, and ISSUE one shilling beds- making a grand total of Ki2,3"0 beds-had been let during the short space of 20 months These figures were exclusive of furnished bedrooms, at 5s. per week, of which there were now 110 occupied. On the motion of the chairman, seconded by the Rev. Dr. Bromby, the report and balance-sheet were unanimously adopted. The retiring directors, Messrs. G. Coppin, J. Blyth, E. L. Zox, M. Lang, T. Baillie, and P. Nettleton. were re-elected without opposition, as were also the retiring auditors, Messrs. T. Brentnall and J. Warne. The third ordinary general meeting of the Perpetual Executors and Trustees' Association of Australia Limited was held on Tuesday afternoon, Mr. T. Loader being in the chair. The directors submitted the report for the half-year, which stated that the business of the association was progressing satisfactorily. The sum of £10,000 had been deposited in the hands of the Treasurer of Victoria in inscribed stock, purchased at a premium of £159 7s. 6d. Since the last meeting Mr. Robert Power had resigned his seat at the board, and the directors, acting under clause No. 74 of the articles of association, had appointed Mr. Thomas Altson to fill the vacancy. On the motion of the chairman, seconded by Mr. J. Holton!, the report was adopted. The second annual meeting of the Mercantile Permanent Investment and Building Society was held on April 15. Mr J. Blyth (president) took the chair, and there was a numerous attendance of shareholders The chairman, in moving the adoption of the report and balance-sheet, said that they showed the society to be making satisfactory progress, especially considering the very large number of societies now carrying on business, not only in the city, but also in the suburbs Mr. J. li. Heath seconded the motion, which was agreed to The following directors were re-elected Messrs. C, J. Cottell, T. Gordon, and J. li Heath. The retiring auditors, Messrs. J. R. Cole and C. W. Ellis, were also re-elected. The annual meeting of R. Goldsbrough and Company Limited was held on Friday last, at the offices of the company, Bourke street west The chair was taken by Mr. A. W. Robertson, and the following directors were also present:-Messrs. J. S. Horsfall, A. Rowan, and A. Parker. The annual report stated that the net profits for the year were £28,841 2s. Hides balance brought forward, £11,016 la 7d leaving for division,' £40,457 4s. 11d. An interim dividend of 10 per cent per annum for the half year ending 30th September last having been paid, amounting to £10,000, there remained for distribution on the present occasion- the sum of £30,457 4s. 6d.', which the directors recommended should be appropriated in the following manner, viz. To dividend at 10 per cent per annum for the half-year to 31st March, 1880, £10,000; to transfer to reserve fund making it £120 000), £10,000 to balance carried forward, £10,457 4s. 6d.: total, £30,457 4s. 6d. The directors were pleased to be able to announce that notwithstanding the severe Reasons which had affected pastoral interests generally, this company ball more than maintained its position, upwards of 100,000 bales of wool having passed, through its hands during the year. This was a matter for great congratulation, proving, as it and, the steady increase of the company's business, notwithstanding the most adverse circumstances. The skin, hide, and tallow departments had Well maintained their, position, and the grain department was showing an increase equal to over 50 per cent, on last year. While congratulating the shareholders upon these results, the directors had to state that the further continuance of the drought in the neighbouring colonies, taken with the present low prices of all produce, must have a depressing effect upon the value of pastoral properties and they were fully alive to the necessity of pursuing a prudent and cautious course in the management of the company's business. With reference to the item in the balance-sheet, debentures £370,900, this sum represented the amount issued in London that the date of making up their accounts, 31st December, 1885, at a currency varying up to 10 years, bearing 5 per cent per annum. Since that date advices had been received of a further issue, bringing the total up to £443,000. On the motion of the chairman, seconded by Mr. A. Stevenson, the report was unanimously adopted. The election of Messrs. S. Booth and A. Parker as directors Was confirmed. The following are the general prices current : ALR (bulk) ' _._.<_ is, a. BW now. 7 0 0.. - Carlisle Company .. ,. S 0 0 .. j - -restrain- 700..' - Aitken's 0 100 .. - Cooper and M'Leod.. SOO., - Win. Younger and Co. 0 100 and 0 li Air. (buttled) Foster and Son's Bugle i Brand 0 11 0 .. - Porter's Bulldog brand 0 100 .. - Hoad Bros 's Dog Head 0 10 6 .. - Stone and Sons .... 0 10 G. L Aitken- ODO .. - has., bottled by Burke 0 10 3 .. - M nttan's 0 100 .. - Xenii-iit-.0 100 .. - Antrlo-Ufitarlan 0 100 ... - Bass'- WhcolBrand.. 0 100 .. - Aitcheson 0 0 0 0 0 10 Blood's ODO.. - Hall's Board's Head .. "090.. - Wm Younger and Co. 090.. T F. Grilling 9 0.. - Cooper and M'Leod s ..OSO.. - Tennent- 0 8 3.. - St. Louis Lager Beer .. 0 11 0 .. - ' KalBirdo. less"..",... 0.9 "0 .. - Si-ur(Bul-) Guiiln-si-.7 100 .. - Wnf Younger and Co. 2700.. - STOUT (Bottled) Edmond. Pig brand 0 0 10 3 0 10 Porter's Bulldog 0 100 .. - -uín!ic*-'_,bottIcd-} Burke 0 10 S. 0 100 9000 Guinness's, bottled by Stone "nil boasts 100 Blood Wolfe .. 090 -auntie-.'-, bottled by F, Rolfe, Wood, and Co... 0 100 Guinness., Wheel brand 0 10 8 O'Brien's Dagger brand 000 _uluuu--'s, bottled by E. Johnstone and Co. ; BAUS, BAGGING (in bond)- ' Bran bairn. 0 , Gunny do. (free) 0 cornsack- .. ' 0 Madagascar pockets 0 Woolpool,-,11.lb. (In bond) 0 Bo., In jib. 0 Do, Victorian 0 CAN ULES overs Stearine 0 Schiedam 0 De Roubaix, Odcnkoven, and Co. 0 Brandon 0 Orient Parafllno 0 Gouda- . Apollo (colonial) 0 Do , C-U-Ot, do 0 Kitchen's I'ctrolincs, do. 0 Do., star brand, do. 6 Do, Carriage 0 Do, Bodtoonl 0 Do, Lauip .... ». 0 0 10 3 ?,:: = Cr M i t_.o_-_i.t__'a .. Knight, Be van White's .. 012 0 0 12 60 12 0 WHITING. 450 American CllKlltCALa Caustic soda, 70 per cent. Nominal Nominal Nominal Carbonate Soda Saltpetre Sihoftto BOdft .. Tartarloaold.. as Cream of tartar a J. flowers of sulphur.. Prepared opium ., Cfiicoiiv duties. In oU.orpaokfc.je_ Cox BB (In bond) Ceylon Plantation No 1 Julia Other lands, up to 0 CoSJ-bCTlOShR. Victoria exported 0 Candied peel ,. at 0 Jujubes, up to the 0 ConDAQK Best Manilla hemp, Vict 0 79 0 0 0 81 torlatwmdo, up to Ne Seaming within Shan twine 0 10 Pull- It lia ttdoekB J .. 006 Herrings! Kippered, 72 0 0 .. 90 0 0 i 2 3 6.. - 5-100 v.. - 2 0 0.. that Do Had. In barrels .. j. Do do, in life of : Do . Ill) Ire, 11 0 MM (news Cod (American) .. 0 Letters, lb. tins ., 0 Oysters, Jib. tins a O Salmon, 1lb. tins (American. 0 Do Halt .... ?.. 0 Sardines (Imbil-) .. c0 Do (quarter) of of Private AND GRAIN- '4 Flour, Victorian '.. .. 0 Bran., 626 Pollard 7 0 Oatmeal, Victorian.. ,. IS Pearl barley. 17 Wheat prime, ex station. 0 Oats- New Zealand, in bond 0 it It Uni,', Victorian, i free .. nor is it to fian Led ,, 0 Cape sorts Barley - waltzing .. ' 0 Caj 6, feeding .. the JJ size Du day Victorian 0 , Sydney 0 Vasse Fill'ITS On rent. . Kitty, eleven in lib boxes ,. Dutt (at ) boxes .. S Jordan Almonds Raisins Al UbcaUls, your, prime It ends prunes (bottles) .. Sultana Duel apples 0 100 8,0 4 83- 0 4 4s 0 '0 BJ .. 0 64) .. 0 0 & 0 0 Of J., , Names do Uo l'H- IV-Mit(lSSf>), duty and .. Ja__i_Qi-Ku(lbSU)Ji. bond.. Victorian (Ibbs) Do (1860) Bay arlan (1835) Victorian " " 0 6 0 J. - METALS Galvanised iron, best brands 16 0 0 17 100 Pie-Iron 8-12 6 8 IB 0 Bar and rod iron .... S 0 0 .. S M 0 Sheet iron, was S to 13. 10 0 0 11 11 0 0 Hoopiron 100 .. 100 0 Fencing: wire, according to brand and number 0 0 0 0 9 16 6 for lead .. _ 15 100 " 16 0 0 Lead shot 200,. SUcctloau.19 0 0 19 100 Whitelead 23 10 0 .. - Manu metals a OV .. - Kiiebanks'nan» .... List prices - French doll 16 6 0 16 6 American do. 0 21 0 .. , - Collins and Sharp', heavy axes. 2 18 0 .. , Ames's shovels .. ,. 210 0 " - pays D.U. shovels, Mine. to Slim. 2 0 0.. - - Over makers' do., do. Holloware .. Zircon.. - Tinplates, iXooko.. 0 82 6 0 24 Do., 10 coke 17 9 0 18 Do. IC charcoal 0 22 (1 0 21 Oates Linseed, boiled in bulk (O.F.) 0 2 11 .,. - Do, in drums .... 0 3 2 0 0 3 Olive, in bulk (D.P.) "046.. - Do., in drums 0 0 4 9 0 6 Colza, in drums, (duty paid) 0 4 0.. - Do. (in bulk). 8 7.. - Turpoutlnodo. down 2.10 .. - Chinese. In tins (In bond).. 0 2 1 0 0 2 Castor, in cases (in bond) ..029.. - Palm (treeless 0 0 .. - Cod (free) 0 8 0 0 0 li Cocoanut 31 0 0 .. 86 0 Vthalc.82 100 .. 38 0 KsttosaNB (in bond) Alitora 0 0 10 .. - Comet 0 10 ... - "Diamond's 0 10 e, "invite! the Aire," 140deg. 0 1 G. 0 0 1 Crystal, lúOde; 0 14.. - Ancitor, loader. test 014 "01 OILMEN'S STORES Black currant jelly. 0 14 0 .. - Red Cross has. just 0 4 0 .. - Caims's marmalade. 080.. - Keillor's 0 7 0.. - salad oil, C. and B. quarts 10 0.. - Do., do. pints .... 014 0 .. - Do, do half-pints 076.. - Do, Morton's pints 0 100 .. - Do, do half do .. 066.. - Castor oil, pints .. the 7 9.. - Do, half do 4 (1 .. - bales, according to brands OSO .. 010 Holbrook's Worcester sauce 0 7 0 0 0 7 Do pint pickles 0 0 9 0 0 9 Swiss milk 6 9 0 0 0 Scandinavians Paris gold medal brand ". 0 6 0 .. - Papers 7 0 0 0 7 i Bryant and May's vests. 0 0 4 3 0 4 Palmerston 4 4s .. K Bell's do 4 8.. - Bell and Black do ... 0 4 4s .. - per lb. Colman's mustard, 7lb. tin. 0 0 Bj .. - 0 9 H. - is 0 18 S. - Keen's DSF, Jib. tins 0 13 8 .. - Do. do., lb. tins .. 003 as - Do. do.. Jib. tins .. " «V~6 4 .. - Do. Durham, lb tins 0 0 SJ .. - Victorian prepared mustard, in boxes.010 6 .. - per lb. per lb. Do. do., 41. Una .. 012.. - Do do., lb. tin 12.. - Victorian cocoa,) according quility 'tO 0 9 .. 0 1 9 Taylor', cocoa .. 013.. - l'rj'scoooa.0 1 S. - Fry's double soluble choco- , late 12.. - Victorian chocolate 0 0 1 1 2. 0 1 3 Robinson's patent groats 0 0 9.. - Colman's white and blue starch 2005.. - Orlando JOIIOS'B do. 006.. - Hermann's rice starch 0 0 44 .. - Harvey and Neville's de- 0 0 5 0 0 0 6 Lewis and Whitty's white and blue dog 0 46.. - Do. square Dlno ,. 000.. - Colman's thumb blue 0 0 119.. - Keen's Oxford blue. 009.. -' Sago and tapioca ... 0 0 1 .. 0 0 ii Macaroni and Vermicelli 009 .. - Black pepper 0 8.. - White does 0 U 0 0 0 111 Otlatlnu 0 1 S. 0 12 0 VI near, bottled 0 0 6 9 0 7 6 Holbrook', pure malt wine 0 7 6..' -- Da bulk , .. i .... 0 1 9 0 0 Hill. Hospital Kitchen. " Anchor," p. ton 200 0.. - Do both pale. 22 0 0 .. - Do, Glebe" v. .. 14 0 0 .. - De Household" .... 13 0 0 .. - QuiCKstu na- in bottles 1 His Our Rice New Patna (In bond) 13 0 0 .. Japan dressed (duty paid).. 22 0 0 .. -, Bamfield (duly paid) .. 200 0 .. - ' Boodhl Rajah (duty paid).. - .. - Sack- ~ Liverpool coarse 3 100 3 12 6 Do., Uno 4 4 0 0 4 4 5 0 London stoved .. 476.. - Jar ... '.. "060.. - Bock (duty free) .. " 210 0 2 16 6 SUGAR (duty paid)- ' Crushed loaf, Dutch 20 100 27 0 0 White, line to finest a.21 0 0 2116 0 Do., medium. 23 0 0 .. 28 100 China whites, Uno to finest 23 0 0 21 21 0 0 American granulated .. 26 0 0 .. 22 100 Brewing; crystals, Hue to finest 23 0 0 .. SO 0 0 Yellows, fine to finest 13 0 0 .. 10 0 0 Brown's 0 0 .. Id 100 Rations 11 0 0 11 11 100 Victorian Sugar Company's (duty paid) v Ko 3.19 0 0 TRAY (in bond) Foochow : Low common leafy Common to ordinary. Ordinary to medium Medium to fine 0 0 10 Fine to finest 0 Choice of Kaiser; buds, coin. 0 'Da, line .... - "0 S. O. Pekoe, come. 0 Do., fine Do.. Canton make 0 Indian : Broken leaf ,, "0 Pekoe Souchong 0 Pekoe 0 Orange pekoe 0 2':: Ti MUK li American Lumber Clear pine, according to size and quality .... 14 100 .. 12 0 0 Walter. and. coiling 9 100 8 2 0 Miolvliur 10 5 0 8 6 0 Baltic and Scotch Flooring Bed, (1 x J, T. and O. 003.. - Da, 0x2, do. .. 073.. - Do., Ox f, dog 7 0.. - Do., 9 x jj, do, bended .. 0 0 0 .. - Do, OxJ, do., do 0 0 4 10 0 4-11 Weatherboard. .... 14-16 050 Wilta, 0 x J., T. and 0. .. 0 0 0 .. 0 0 0 Do, 12, do. .. c0 7 3.. - Do., Ox j, down 5 0.. - Do, Ox I, do .. ..053.. 2 Do 0 N S, do., do 4 U 0 4.10 Do., 9 x i, do., do,. 6 4 6 Weatherboards 0 4.10 .. - Baltic Red Deals 0x4,0x3.000,.. Cd. 3-6 11.0 0 6 0 0 0 0. 8 13, 73. 72 0 0 4] .. 4d, 13-10 Oregon Timber .... to 0 0 4 17 6 Spruce deal, and battens.. O 0-31 2d. 15-10 Blackwood logs, according to size and quality 0 100 .. 0 15 0 Kauri logs 12 0 0 0 11 6 barn hardwood 0 0 7 0 0 0 0 3 TOBACCOES Colonial-made : Common to best .... 0 1 4 0 0 3 2 Rheingold Cigars (D.D.).. 7 0 0 7 7 100 Imported : Common quality network 0 1 OF 0 1 2 Twist- : Haven 0 14.. - St. Andrew- .. "01 81 .. - Black Hawk a .... 0 1 4 2. 0 1 4 Aroiuatks : Victory 0 1 10 0 0 2 0 liable 0 1 11 0 0 2 1 Golden Eagle .... 0. 1 11 0 _ 1 Dark Says : Two Seas 14.. - Tennent- 0 12.. - Queen of the Seas 014.. - black Hawk .... 0 1 22 0 1 4 61 care: Manilla cheroots. 2 2 0 0 2. 2 100 leave lI[U_n_9 2 6 6 .. 2 15 0 Genuine Llavanas 13 0 0 .. 80 0 0 Ormond-(SttiM).. 1 18 0 .. 1 100 Tavorno.,do.1 9.0 .. 1 11 0 Gorman cigare 1 100 8 0 0 WINKS (Bulk) port Very superior .... 00 0 0 100 0 0 Good old. 400 0 .. 500 0 Good 80 0 0 .. 400 0 Hunt's 5-100 .. 05 0 0 Spanish Boil 18 0 0 .. 200 0 Miguel de Yours Queens, 4 to 5 Diamond.. 28 0 0 62 0 0 Shorry Superior. 80 0 0 HO 0 0 Medium and good 32 0 0 40 0 0 ' Commoners 0 0 .. 200 0 SrmiTS- ' Brandy, bulk Iionnetty's, 1878 0 17 0 .. - Martell's, pale ' 0 15 6 .. - Da, dark 0 12 U .. - stan's. 1875.0 16 0 .. - Da, 1878 9-11 0 .. - Barrlatson's.0 8 0 0 0 13 8 Maretta 0 0.. - Denis Mount's .. ODO.. - Wine Distillers Co 7 6 0 0 8 0 \- Champagne Vinci and' 070.. - Jules -certain'-, 1.78.. 0 8.0 - Denmark 6 3 6.. - Do, 1863 vintage 0 IS 0 .. - -record 0 7 0.. - BUquit DuhouohdotOle- 0 7 3.. - La Grande Marque .. 070.. - Plant Castillon 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 3 IIOIMOU fires' .. ..053.. - MARROW- 0 7 (1 O. and T. Bagot., 080.. - Vlneirrowem'.0 8 0.. - Luckn Hellot'a 0 0 0.. 070 Associated Mines yards' 070.. - Associated Vinci and', old 0 8 0.. - Albert's 0 7 0.. - Central Vineyards 0 G li .. - L-tecques.0 0 0.. - I'runtcr- 0 11 0 - Richard and Mutton- 069.. - Gaspard. 0 5 8.. - Clouzeau 0 7 0.. - Brandy, Case Henil-SSi-case 1 15 0 .. - Do., three star .. 270.. - Martell's one star 1 16 0 .. - Do.threostar .. 260.. - Coord's , 1110.. - Deni. Mounlo's 1 11 0 .. - Meukow's 8 6 .. - Maretts ... 1 100 .. - Lulu Belle- .... 017 0 .. - Lucien Faucauld .. 100.. - Do., three star .. 200.. I Hilliard and Muller. 2., 6 16 6 .. I Otu.rbrands.. .. " 01! 1 1 1 i 0 Rum Lemon Hart 0 3 0 " I 2 3 d. 6 4? 4 HWP. -"-... 5 5 6 7 5 ' Demorara Old " .. 6 2 6. - ,~ Lamb's., O I was - - Queensland - 2 of a J - EAST.. .... , -, 0 13 0 - 014 . Blankcnholru d Holden. " ^ " " " 10, VMoenborgBell .. " 0 12 9 0 0 18 0 Moonah. Key Brand.. 0 IS 0 .. - Whiskies- , , ,""., Thom and Cameron's (new) 0 3 6 .. - Do (ski) 2 4 6 .. - John Boas'. L.. J J ¡i .. - Ballaohutlsh.0 7 0 .. - Glenvarloch S S S "' - Dunville's S S S " Wm Jamieson'. seasons - Kirker, Greer, and Co's Loch Dhu cue 0 100 a - Do., Imp. quarts .. ..;??- - Shamrocks 2 g - - Vintage 2' S - - Do. cases .... -.. 0" « .? - Do, imp. quart. .. 10-6- - Young;, King, and Co. s bulking 4 3.. - Do., Brian Born, case 0 170 - Bnoore, bulk 2 S - "" Do., case 0 18 0 .. - Standard, in bulk 0 7 J. - Do., monies 13 0 -_ - Planet brand, old valued 096.. - - Ford's Cattle Blond, new 0 0 0 0 - - Do., do, old 5 6 " - Walker's bulk 0 0 8 0 0 0 8 6 Do., case 0 18 0 « - ' Usher's old Glenlivet "070.. - Do., Special Reserve 0 100 " - Innes and Grieve' .. 0 0 " - Da Old Uam Var 0 12 0 " - Dunville's case .. 0 18 0 - - l Royal Blend.. .. 0 19 0 - - 'Lorne 18 6 - St. Mungo, bulk " "086.. - Do, case 0 19 0 " - Thistle Blend 0 19 0 _ - Mitchell's 0.. - Bullarra s s - Cork Distillery .. 040.. - Sir Robert Burnett's Old Tom Old D L - Wolfe's Schnapps "11 0 _ - STOCK AND SHARE LIST. APRIL 17. 270100 312900 012331 100000 ? 176000 200000 167000 152000 729000 GOONOO 600000 1310550 Vict Gov. 6 per cents., due 1889 Vict Gov. 5 per cents., due 1894 Vict. Gov. 1 per cent. stock.. Melbourne Corporation 6 per cent Melbourne Corporation 6 per cent Metropolitan Gas 6 per cent M. and H.R.H. Railway 6 per cent M. and H.R.H. Railway 6, percent N'ovvSouthWalo86porceut,duol902 New Zealand 4 per cent Queensland 1 per cent. ucensland six per cent. in a low voice 60000 2500 106260 000000 oooooo 10000 600000 126000 TOOGOOD 1600000 TOOGOOD 1000000 7200 60000 35000 1861 lil SO 80000 657210 60000 1250 60000 40000 11930 15213 60000 200000 10000 Australian Dept 1 4tMtge. Bank..) Bal. Bank. Limit .. Do., new issue .. Colonial of Austral. Commercial of Australia (Limited) .. National of Australasia New South Wales. Victoria (Messrs;.; A Do. (London reg., Land Mortgage New Zealand Union lOlAustralasla .. 20 London Chartered of Australia 20!Fngllsli, Scottish, & I AUB. Chartered.. 21 City of Melbourne.. 2 Federal of Australia HAS COUl'JCNlBB. 10 Ballarat Bendigo Castlemaine.. Dayloeford(Limitod) Geelong Metropolitan I.NsUrANCE. Australian Alliance National Fire Insur. Southern Insurance Victoria Life & Gen. Victoria Insurance (Limited).. HISClic-UAA'SOUS. Gippsland Steam N. Moll). Moat-1'rcirvg. ItGoldsbroughJeCo. Trustees, Executors, and Agency Co-operative Ice Co. Aust Mortgage and Agency .. Castlemaine Brewery Melbourne Brewing and Malting Melbourne Tramway and Omnibus .. Mutual Store Terry's West and Brewery .. Equitable Co-operative Society IIAltWAVB. Deniliquin s Moama SS m 102jn 222. 12s. 1309. 300a. 161. 104s. -18. 5000. , * Including bonus. REVIEW OF THE STOCK AND SHARE MARKET. The market for debentures, bank shares, and other investment stocks has continued in the dull state reported for some time past, and the transactions effected have been even fewer than dust in: the preceding (or to try it. It cannot be said that aim road have been much pressed on the market, but the expecta- tion of dearer mott ey has caused buyers to hold off, and the turn of prices has been downwards. City of Melbourne, Commercial, and National Banks all close lower ; Victoria without business. Australasia and New South Wales Uni), and Colonial close higher on declaration an increased dividend. Uns comes nies' ulm rea neglected, with the exception of a new series at low prices for Metropolitan and South Suburban. Insurance shares without business, brewery companion dealt in to limited extent, Perkins and Company at rather lower prices. No sales reported in trustees companies. Among other public companies, Coffee Taverns have fair support. Freehold Investment and Langlands Foundry rather lower. IL Goldsbrough and Co. without ebonite. Tramway and Omnibus receded a little, but had ready buyers at quotation. The mining- market has been moderately active, and transactions in silver companies shares especially have been numerous, but with an odd a cable fluctua- tions In values. Broken-hill Proprietary, after being quitted down to C36 HH, rose to 42 lbs., and dose at £40 ; while Souths, after receding to 11s. 6d, have risen. to 21s. barrier Ranges Association and Day, Dreams were little dealt in, and close lower. Very little business in Tin-mining companies, and quotations unchanged. Gold mining companies have had a moderate business, but prices have fluctuated considerably. Berry Consols receded 20s. per share, but have since been in request, and recovered more than half of the fall. Madame I Berry also receded a little, but recovered, and close over opening price. They are putting excellent yields. Hepburn Estate receded to 2s 2d,, but improved again to £8 Ss, Now Beehive hit. of been in good favour, and rose from 30 to 50, and after so mo fluctuations, close at 453. Long; Tunnel quitted at further reduction. Band and Albion Consols have had good supjHjrt at riding prises, and Star of the East also better, he roke Extended, North Johnson's. and Rose of Denmark placed at advanced rates. Not much change in others, but quotations generally easier. The following are the closing buying and selling quotations and prices of sales effected during the fortnight : Debentures Victorian Government four per cent, (stock), buyer £100, seller £101. Banks Australian Deposit and Mortgage (25 paid), buyer "as lbs. ; do. (£5 paid), sales £0 7s. 6d. Australasia, sales £03. Ballarat (paid), buyer £7 15s. City of Melbourne, sales has. to Sun.; do. (new), seller fits. Colonial, sales £10 9s. to £10 8s. (6d. Commercial, sales £7 13s. to £7 10s. Federal, buyer 50s., seller 30s. 6d. Land Mortgage, Boiler 27s. 6d. Mercantile, seller 45s. National, Melbourne register (new), sales £1 18s. 6d.; do., Adelaide register, seller £0 12s.; do., Cjiloensland, seller 38 us., sales £8 11s. 6d. New South Wales, buyer 58, seller £63163., salesmen 10s. New Zealand, sober 132 10s. ; do., NZ. register, seller £20 Os. Royal bank of VueetiHland, buller 00s. Gas Castlemaine, buyer 50s. Footscray, buyer 34s. 6d. Gublouf, buyer 50s Metropolitan, sales £11 2s. 6d. to £11 4s. 2d. Queenscliff, fidler 20s. South Suburban, sales 2s. to 1s. 11d. Williamstown, seller 44s. ; do. (new), sales 11s. tins. Insurance Colonial Mutual Fire, buyer 4s., sales 4s. Indemnity, seller IDs. National Fire, buyer 12s. 3d., seller KJs. Southern, buyer 21s. United Australian, buyer 4s. 7d" seller la. Od. Victoria, Boiler 80\. Victoria Life, sailer years Mlsceuaueout.--Australian Freehold Banking Company, seller 50s.; do. 20s, paid), sales 22s. Australasian Mortgage and Agency, seller JOs. Australian Property and Investment, seller 45s. Ure wing and. Malting Co., buyer (Jua. Cascade Brewery, Hobart, tales 14s. 6d. Castlemaine Brewery, Mel bourne, sales 20s 6d. Coffee Taverns, sales 26s. to 28s. Colonial Investment and Agency, seller 24s. Deniliquin and Moama Railway, seller 50s. Dalgety and Co., never £5 2s., seller £6 4s. Equitable Co-operative, buyer 8s. 6d sales 8s. 6d. > Federal Coffee Palace, sales 6s. 6d. Freehold Investment and Banking, sales 54s. 6d. to 55s. 6d. to 54s. 6d.; do. (c25 paid), seller £25. J. Kitchen and Sons and Apollo, buyer 55?., seller 00\. Katoomba Coal, buyer 15s. Langlands Foundry, Bales 26s. Metropolitan Permanent Building, buyer 6, seller 6 12s. 6d. Melbourne Storage, sales 29s. Mutual Store, sales Sen. to 50s. to 54s. Newcastle Coal, seller £22. Northcote Brick, buyer 12s. 6d., seller 18s. 6d. Our Improved Dwellings, seller £5 2s. 6d. Permewan, Wright, and Co., sales 25s. to 25s. 6d. Perkins's Brewery, salesman, to 33s. 6d.; do. (new), sales 21s. 6d. Perpetual Executors and Trustees, seller 25s. 6d. Perpetual Trustees (N.S.W.), soles 5s. 3d. to 4s. 11d. Premier Building, buyer 5s. R. Goldsbrough and Co., sales 21s. 'Tankard's Malting, buyer 5s. 6d., seller 5s. 6d. Tramway and Omnibus, sales 34s. 3d. to 'd'Or. 6d. to 3s. - do., new issue, sales 13s. 3d. to 15s. 6d. Trustees, Executors, and Agency, buyer Grass, teller was. 'Od. Theatre Royal, seller £20 FK. Gell. Victoria Coffee Palace, buyer 27s 6d., seller 'who. Gd. A lemons Land, seller 3s. 6d. Victorian Permanent Building, buyer CIGS. Victoria Mutual building, buyer £10 Us. West-end Bros cry, sales 27s. 9d. Tin Mines. Mount Bischoff, buyer £50 10d North Brothers' Home, sales 10s. 9d. to lbs. to 17s. 6d.; do., paid, sales 10s. to lbs 6d. Silver Mines Harrier Ranges, ex Day Dream, sales 7s. 6d. Broken-hill Proprietary, sales £42 law.' to 13th 10s. to £43 154. to ride in, to 240 10s. Day Dream, sales had. to Us 0 1. to an. ad. Lubra. SAICS 22. 6d. to 4s. to 4s. 3d. J'In nailed, mu em £25, seller 50. South Broken-hill, sales 14s to 5s 6d. to is. 6d. A urn i Broken-hill, sales so. J J. to 11s. 6d. to 13s. 6d. tolls. 3d. to 14s. 6d. Gold Mines. Acadia Cattle, mc, seller 2s. 6d. Am as theatre, buyer 2s-. 9d., seller 44. Australasian and Eaglehawk, buyer (U, seller 7s. 6d. Band and Albion Consols, sales 48s. 6d. to '11s. 6d. to 54s. to 65s. 6d. Berry Consols, buyer El) his., Helier G has., bales 21 13s. 11d. to JUN him. to 6 14d. Berry Extended, but or 117, seller 10s. Berry No. 1. butter 570 , sales 65s. 6d. Black Horse United, sides 20s. 6d. black Jack, sales 10s. 6d. to is 6d. to 10s" 6d. Bute and DeNies buyer 5s. 9d., sales 6s. 6d: to 6s. 6d. to 5s. 6d. ' Cumberland Block, buyer 4s., Helier Us. Come borland No. 1 North, seller 20s Cunningar g<S.W), buyer 15s., seller l." sales 169 Oct to Mr. Day Dawn No 4" Boiler 11s 3d, sales The Duke, Timor. sake 4s. 2d Duchess Tribute, sales 11s. 6d to 5s- 9d Ellenborough, sales 4s Ellesmere No I, seller 5s 9d Eureka Extended, sales 6s. to ride Earl Beaconsfield, salES 72 to 70s. Egerton sales 37s. 6d to 8s to 33s 3d Frederick the Great buyer 29s, seller 30s Garden Gully United bus cr 30s , aollcr42s Garibaldi, buyers'. Od seller at. 3d Great Extended Hustlers buyer 3s 9d Great Extended Hustler s Tribute, seller 4s Gladstone, seller 6d sales 10d Great Western and Co mru buyer 15s seller 13s Hopewell, sales 38 Hepburn Estate, sales £8 11s to £8 2s to 8 0s Hepburn Junction sales 12s 6d to 12s. Johnson s seller 21s Kong Meng sales 5s. 6d. to 24s Long Tunnel, sales £4 Long Tunnel Extended, sales £8 to 55 6s. Lone Hand sales 76s 6d to 11s. Lord Harry, sales 7s to 7s- 6d Madame Berry buyer 1816 Nellore s ,sales£1717s toll) 5s Midas, Sales 47s. to 48s Midas Extended, sales 6s 6d Midas Consols, sales 3s 6d to 2s 9d to 3s. 9d Napier, sales 10s 91 tolls 6d New Beehive buyer 44s., seller 44s sales tax to 40? up to 43s to 40ft Newchum and Victoria, hales his to In Old New Toombon buyer Is 6d , seller 2s 6d North Band and Barton sales 6.d North Johnson s, buyer 7s 9d., seller 8s 6d sales 6s. 3d to Is 6d No 20 Tribute, buyer 4s. 6d , seller 4s. 10d , sales as ld North Long Tunnel sales 7s 9d to 4s. 3d Prince of Wales and Poverty, seller Js I Prince of Wales, Taradale, seller 2s. Queen's Birthday Dunolly (new issue), buyer 10' Queens Birthday, Malms burr-, buyer 13s 9d , seller 15s 6d Rose of Denmark, buyer 7s. 9d seller 8s. (3d sales 7s 6d Sar gent s seller 2s. 6d South Clunes sales 21s 6d to 23s. to 20s. 3d South Dreadnought, buyer 13s. 6d., seller 14s 6d Star of the East sales 6s 3d to 7s. to 8s 3d Spring hill and Central Leads but cr 10s , seller 11s 6d sales 10s Sydenham buyer Is , seller 3s. 7d Toombon, sales 55s to bOs. to 75s. United Devonshire, bin or 14s., sales 13s 3d to 15s 3d Victory, Charters Towers sales 22-, to 20s. 6d to 21s 6d ex div West Loughlin, sales 5s 7d West Ristori, buyer 6s., seller 6s 3d Wallace Bethanga, buyer 7s. 9d., seller 12s 6d SALES OF 1 OPER TY. Mr F L Flint, auctioneer, of Hawthorn, and 8 Collins street east, reports the recent sales of the following properties by auction and private contract - Glenferrie, Liddiard street, land 85 x 120, £4 10s. per foot, £382 10 Combers oil, Riversdale-road villa and land 64 x 160, £685 Subdivisions of the HU era date Estate, Camberwell, £3 812 158. Queen a park, Kew, £9,104 17s 6d Prospect-hill Extension, Com Bolwell, £1,803 14s. Haw thorn Burwood park family residence and land 00 170, £1 000, Brook crescent, land 40 x 147, £2 5s per foot £00, also an allotment 40 x 172, £2 2s per foot, £81, Church street, 165 x 179, at perfect £474 Camborn eli, Burke road, 60 x 150, £2.5 S allotments In the Prospect Hill Extension Estate No 1, at £1 17s 6d perfect, £760 also in the same estate three allotments for £407 10s , \- Cavanagh road, land 48 0 x 200 8 £4 per foot, £104 Now, Albert street, land 100 x 148 £6 per foot £600, Princess street, 6000 at 2s 6d per foot 100 63., subdivision of the Irving Estate, Hawthorn, £5364 13s 4d , Church street land 163 X 170, £4 per foot, £0-2 Lisson grove 76 x 385, £720 Cambers oil Fermanagh road brick villa and land, £1,350, Brinsley street, land 100 x 140, £2 5s per foot, £225 Kew Bulleen road, N B chapel and land 44 4 x 100, £000 subdivision of the -meeting; Reserve and villa residence £2 634 9s 2d Hawthorn, Power street land 60 x 357, at £10 per foot, £000 Liddiard street, 85 x 120, £1 per foot, £140 , Auburn road, corner of Rathmines road, two story family residence, known as Dr slate, and land 60 x 200, £2,300 , Church street land 81 0 x 163 3 £4 per foot £120 Kew, I Princess street land 150 J x 100, portion of the Queen's park Estate £001 10s. Camberwell, Prospect Hill Extension Estate No 2 12 allotments for £1 ra Hawthorn, Bell street Edward a Paddock state, four allotments, 152.10 x 105 £3 per foot. £458 10s Total amount of sales, £38 391 19s. Mr Wm Ievers jun , auctioneer, reports the following recent sales of freehold property In city and suburbs Station street two-story house and cottage, on land 28 x bo to a right of way at back, £945, corner Elgin and David streets Carlton, two brick shops on land 30ft frontage, £1 635 , Madeline street, brick shop premises six rooms and shop, land 20 X 76 to a 15ft right of way. at back, £2 OOO, Land, corner Albert and George streets Brunswick, SO x 90 to a right-of-way £01 10s Drummond street, W Bishop, three rooms 19ft 7in x 70ft 6in to a right of way, £83',, Madeline street two storied shop, six rooms, is, having a frontage of 24ft., £000, North 1 three, Newry street brick cottage, four rooms, land for x 150 to a pitched right-of-way £427 10s ; North Fitzroy, Newry street brick verandahcottago, four rooms, land 100 . 00 to a rk,htofwai, £400, corner Queensberry and Cardigan streets Carlton, shop property and premises, land 15ft to Cardigan street x 61 along Queensberry street, and land 84ft 6in to Queensberry Street x 57ft to Queensberry place, £1110, Little I almorston street, Carlton, 10 brick cottages, land 120 x 05 to right of way £2 250 , Little Polhain street brick and weatherboard cottage, 18 x 40 £125 Rathdown- street brick cottage, three rooms 20 x 110, £150, Rodney place, stone house, four rooms, 2-30 1 recital street, North Carlton, Enniskillen cottage, wood, four rooms, 18 x GO, jLiOO Total sales, £11,409 LIVE STOCK REPORT There have passed through the market yards at Flemington during the last fortnight about 8,350 fat cattle, 500 fat calves, 4000 fat sheep, and 5,000 fat lambs. Fat Cattle A large proportion of the supply -were of good to prime quality, the demand was brisk throughout, and prices on the whole ruled from 10s to 11s. per head higher than last Quotations. Prime pens of bullocks sold at from £12 to £13 extra to 14 15s., good do , from £10 to £11, second do, from £8 to £9 , inferior from £5 Prime pens of cows from £8 10s to 6. 10s, good do, from 16 10s to £7 10s, middling and inferior, from £1 Fat Calves The supply was large, and as to quality w oil suited to trade requirements Sales were duller, and prices ruled slightly easier Best realised from 50s. to 75s., good, from 40s. to 50s , second, from 25s to 35s , inferior, from 16s Fat Sheep -The bulk of those yarded were of second to inferior quality Best sorts were in brisk demand, and realised figures fully equal to last improved quo rations, but for other descriptions late rates were hardly maintained Prime crossbred wethers sold at from 12s. 6d to is 6d good do , from 10s 6d to 11s 6d , second do , from 8s 6d to 9s 6d , inferior, from 7s prime merino wethers from 10s 6d tolls. 6d good do , from 9s to 10s. second do , from 7s to 8s , inferior, from 6s II at Lambs -There was a fair demand, and the prices realised show a slight but provement during the fornight for good trade lot-. Quotations for other descriptions are unaltered Best sold at from 8s 6d to 10s, good, from 7s to 8s., second, from 6s. 6d to 6s 6d , inferior, from 4s. STOCKS IN BOND. The following were the stocks in bond at Melbourne on April 10: -Brandy 4,00M hhds, 10,935 cases. Rum 1,738 hhds, bOl cases. Genova 2y hhds 13,310 four- gallon cases, GIO two-gallon cases. Whisky Wine 63 j casks. Other Spirits, 91) hhds. 8,002c_ Wino-1.US0J hhds, 21,253 cases. Beer 576½ hhds, 23,599 cases and casks. Tobacco (manufactured)-2 half- tierces, 3 quarter-tierces, 697 three-quarter boxes and boxes, 4,414 cases. Tobacco (unmanufactured) 310 tierces, hhds, and casks, 431 cases, 322 bales, GIO boxes. Candles 157 chests and cases, 2,231 boxes. Cigars 1,082 cases. Kerosene-103,250 cases. Cocoa and Chocolate 240 packages. Cortes 2,700 bogs, 0 Florence, 60 casks, 12 cases, 000 barrels. Branbags 347 bales. Cornsacks-11,352 bales. Woolpacks 1,120 bales. Chicory 2,880 packages. Opium- GO packages. Oats 3,000 bags. Hops 780 packages, lace -41,480 bags, 93 tons. Salt 1,990 bags. Vinegar 1,080 casks, 934 cases. Tea 3, chests, 85,0115 half chests, 73,890 boxes. Sugar, Mauritius-18,847 bags, l,b07 pockets; Reunion 5,00 bags, 1,783 mats ; other ports 1,729 baskets, 33,002 bags, 24,817 mats ; refinery 2,830 tons, 3,170 cases or casks. SHIPPING OF THE FORTNIGHT. PORT OF MELBOURNE. A-.R.1VAI-I AND CLEARANCE- SINCE OUR LAST SUMMARY. A., American ; Au., Austrian B British ; B.A., British-American ; Dole;., Belgian ; Bo., Bolivian Dr Brazilian; Ch., Chilian; D., Dutch; Da., Danish ; F., French ; G., German ; I., Italian ; N., Norwegian P Portuguese ; Pr., Peruvian ; R., Russian S Swedish ; Sp., Spanish ; sh., ship ; bq., barque ; og., brig ; sch., schooner ; B.B., steamer. April ARRIVEd. 9\. Guthrie, s. B.8., S. G. Green, Singapore, to. Master. 10\. Axol Wastfolt. S. bq., 549, J. C. Wannstrom, Gelle F. W. Prell and Co. 11\. Kaisar-i-Hind, R.M.S.S., 4,023, E. C. Stead, London, teas. Withers 12\. Gulf of St. Vincent, B. B.S., 2450, 3. Sanderson, London. Dalgety and Co. Limited. 12\. Mawhera, B. s.S., 551, F. Fielding, Fill. David Mills. 13\. Antonia, F. bq.,700. A. Michel, Chatonto.-Bligh and Harbottle. 13\. Concordia, G. sch., 475, G. Mllltzcr, Port Louis, Mauritius. Charles Jacobs and Sons. C-_Alt_b OUT. April. 5 7\. Quickstep. sen., J. E, Jacobsen, Puget Sound. London, via Colombo -G.' Withers. 8\. India, S. bq., E. Gunderson, Valparaiso S. de Beer and Co. ' 8 Nanna, S. bq., 711, L. W. Grubbstrom, Puget Sound -F. W. Prell and Co. 15\. Antiope, B. ale, 1443, J. F. Black, Astoria. Gibbs, Bright, and Co. 16\. Yuba, B. bq., 870, J. D. McKenzie, Guam Hal- stead, Kerr, and Co. 10\. Liguria, U.M.S.S., 4.660, R. Studdert, London. Gibbs, Bright and Co. 10\. America, B. sh., 1,230, J. Adams, Talcahuano. J. Service and Co.. PORT OF~GEEI.ORG. April. ciiBAiinn OUT. 10\. Winifred, B. ah., 1,359, E. P. Ellis, London. Dalgety and Co. SHIPS CLEARED OUT WITH COLONIAL PRODUCE. And, a Parramatta, for London. 809 bls wool, 30 bls leather, 20 bgs flour (exhibit.). 967 pkgs regulus, 50 bgs flour, 20lbs pollard, 18 bgs bran, SOpkgs merchandise, 72 css 10 qr-cks wine, 10 cs Join, 3 cs provisions, and 11 bxs specie shipments (value £49,910 '103.) Amu, 15. Atitlopo, for Astoria. 900 tons coal. Ann, 10. Liguria, for London. 22 pkgs effects, 2 pkgs seeds, 053 ingots tin, 6 pkgs stationery, &c;, 23 pkgs skins, GO cs fruit, 5,234 carcases frozen mutton, 11 bxs -sovereigns (£40,-00), 23 pkgs exhibits, 13 bls wool, 4 bgs bro, 3 pkgs merchandise; and original cargo from Sydney. PORT OF GEELONG'. Anti- 10. _ Winefred, for London. 3,376 bls wool, 3,000 has wheat, 705 pkgs tallow, 79 bls leather, 50 bls scrolls, 62 bls basils, 2 pkgs ware, 3 cks lime pelts. PASSENGERS BY AND SINCE THE DE PARTUltlO OF THE LAST MAIL. Aritu, 8. Parramatta, for London, c. Saloon : For Bombay Mr. R. E. White's. For Calcutta Lieutenant Prior, Miss Stuart, Mr. Gibbons. For Venice Mr. and Mrs. Corbet, Misses Robertson (3), Miss Butler. For London Rev. and Mrs. Surtees, Mr. and Mrs. Hutchinson two children and infant and nurse, Mr. and Miss Paterson, Mr. and Mrs. Hannan month three infants and nurse, Mr. and Mrs. M. H. Davies five children and infant and two nurses, Mrs. Forbes, Mrs. Rennison and infant, Mr. and Mrs. Sergeant, Mrs. Evans, Mrs. and Miss Bent, Mr. and Mrs. W. Pearson, Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Halliburton, Mrs. and Miss M'Donald, Mr. and Mrs. Whyte, Miss Gillies, Miss Macpherson, Misses Benson (two), Mr. and Miss Morrice, Miss Pens nington. Miss Rogers, Miss Miller, Misses Martin (three), and child, Rev. Mr. Holland, Dr. Braidwood, Lieut. Bertram, Messrs. J. and G. White, W. Howitt, J. G. Paterson, R. Macfarlane-, L. J. M'Dougall, J. Brown, - Blencowe, A. Nicholson, - M'Corklll, W. Grant, - Lyley, - Ronald, - Fraser, \- Wilson, F. F. Fleming, J. Strang, J. Thomson, H. Stewart, J, Pearson, J. Bamford, J. White, - Fi'Qc, J Bowe J Scarce, R, Marshall, - Wertheim, J Gregg J Martin 0 F Hammond, J Brooks, J M Haig, J S. Thompson, G B Morris. A. HU* ia Liguria R M S S , 4 COO tons R Studdert for London Saloon Messrs T lcrnUhon ft Grant A M Dougall) H Burrell Herborn Miss and Master Bert orn J Morgan Mr and Mrs. Minto Mr and Mrs Rust Miss James, Mr G V Cox, Mr and Mrs O'Toole b Buckle Mr Hall Mr and Mrs. Doust and two children Mr an I Mrs. Curran and family (sale Miss Coll Miss Stockdale H h Wilson W It 1 Parker Dr Davies A W W Witchurch J Marshall Mr and Mrs Buckham li Holden A Cowan M L have Wm Murphy v C Butler 1- J Fairclough. Mrs and Miss Fletcher Mr Babington Mr 1 farmer Mr Kavanagh Captain Lewis, Mr and Mrs. Fowler and family (two) Mr and Mrs. G Coppin Mr G S Cox inn Misses Covtpin (three) Mr and Mrs A P Lucas Mr and Mrs Bentley Misses Duncan (two) J Rolls W R Lee Mr and Mrs Lade R Dow Iii L. MISS Rumney, Mrs Harvey, L. J fehoutinn C Gilmour R S Hanlon Mrs Woolnough, Geo Wyatt, Mr and Mrs Anderson, Mrs R B An Larson Mr and Mrs. E. (Barnard, Mrs Farrar R J Ayton I am in Mr L. Wilson J Jordan Mrs. Smith Messrs. K Blight, R. W Warren R. Williamson Miss Lang, J Scott J Collis J A Scott R S Wallace Mr and Mrs Kennerley W Neate A. W Binder, II Baines G Netherway, and 113 second and 29 third class PASSENGERS BOOKED PER R M S S bUlLbJ, FROM MELBOURNE. For London Miss Cockerell Miss h of Mrs Sal Her Mr and Mrs Blackwell Misses Budd (two) Mr and Mrs Icely three children and nurse Mine No ed Mr and Mrs Mac., o was Miss Marian Mrs R A Hamilton Mr Burn ill Mr Wallis Mr Pascal, Mr G Tanner Mr Beamish, Mr Hugh Thompson jun Mr Walter, Mr C Gardiner Mr J R Howland, Mr Lamond Mr G A Horn Mr H L WfaUty Miss Edith W bitty Mr Britter, Mr G H Lipscomb, Mr and Miss Coral h Mr and Mrs Gilbert Mr Walker Mr R Oliver Mr Hastings Cuningham Mr Justice Nolan Misses Nolan (two) Mr Phillips Mr Tim The Mr Tim Ella jun Mr Kimberley Mr hint, Miss King and Master King Mr and Mrs J Macbain Mr William Clark Mr Fred Clark, Mr Martin on Mr Seth Warburton Mr R L Davies Mrs. and Miss Purcell Mrs J A Norris Mrs Pofltle. From Adelaide for London Miss Allen Miss Deely air Harris Air Woolmer, Mr and Mrs. Ashwin Mr Wood Mr Bicton, Miss Kennedy for Bombay Mr and Mrs G L Johnson For Colombo -Mr h Donald 