LIA M E AMENT (IlY ELEOTIRIO T? LEGtRAPII) (PROM OUR O,W VREPORTERS.) LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. THURSDAY,' OOTOBERo 21. The PnniEslrEN took the chair 'sit 4.20 p.m. .Preseon-Tho Premier, Messrs. Gibson, Moore, Coote, Dodory, Lord, Fysh,aihd Grubb. i SMoTions. GERMAN i?illdiGATION. Captain 'AUDLEY COOTE moved 'tlat 'all correspondence between the Immigra tion Agent and MIr. Buck iind 'the Gbvern ment, on the subject of' continuing'noni nated immigration on terms of ripayment, be laid on the table of the Coincil. Mr. FYSH seconded the motion, and en larging upon the great' meritseof Gerumans as a desirable class of immigrants. le produced charts of Tasmania, showing how the German and Danish element had peopled some of the most inaccessible por tions of the colony, and hoped the Govern ment would continue the system of nomi-' nated immigration, not Gersiau only, but English. Mr. MOinr RE highly commended- the Germans who had settled. here; but strongly anitnddvoited upon the costliness and getierally liusatisfadtory results I f, our iminigration efforts in the past. The PREMIERL said he regarded this discussion ns prematuro-(heari, hear) but he ]would just say he thoilght the esug gestion for continuing nominated imnnigla tion was a good 'one. He held thst the nominators should make' theomselveslliable for the cost of bringing 'out their uois:i. nees. lie would be happy to have," the, correspondence asked for produced. The notion was then agreed to. DEORWENT RAILWAY EXTRNHION Mr. FYSII moved for the, prit)iing of petition presented yesterday for ex'tnsionu of the Derwenit Valley Railway, whichwas agreed to. Mr. FYSH then moved that, iii the opinion of this Council, the extension of the Derwent Valley Railway from Glenorar tothe Ouse should not be proceeded with until i trial survey has been taken of what hnas been designated by the Engineer-in Chief as the Western line,'via' Ellendale. He contended the latter route vounld touch larger areas of 'population, and :be better for railway construction. . ,., Mr.'MOORIE seconded the motion.! Mr. DOI)EIY moved the adjountlinent of the debate till Tuesday for furthiur in formation and fuller consideration of the subject, and this was agreed to. FEES TO JURTICeR. Mr. FYSII moved for all correspondence between the Government and mnunicipali. ti.s in respect of certain fees payable to justices in petty sessions assembled under schedule to "The Licensing Act," 21 Vict. No. 30. clause 55, referred to as "Fees under the Police Act" in the auditor's reports, finance paplers, 1885, No.'"49, page 45, and 1886, No. 55, page 50. Ales'that it is expedient to collect the arrears, and to repeal the said clause. Mr. DODEIlY seconded the motion. The 1'ItEMIIEIt said lie would offer no objection, and the motion was agreed to.. Mr. FYSII moved that the foregoiung resolution be transmitted to the Ais?mtbly for their concurrence, which was agreed to. THIRnD RIEADINO. The Dohentuies Redemption 'Bill was read a third tirmeand passed. ' ' aeBAOGe FROM AHHMenLY. The MINISTER OF LANDS and Mr. LEWIS brought up a messago, that .the Ass'elbly ngreed to thi Council's nuamingud. mont in ti'he Tamar' Laid ieelauiation At 5. 10 p.i. tle Council adjourned, till 730 p.m. on Tucedn . y i" . 