PREHISTORIC MAN. -*- i j (Chamhers't Journal.) j THE early history of nan in ever; country is shrouded io considerable rayt tery and uncertainty. When traditio! fails us ire have not by any mean reached the farthest point in the histor; of the race. At that point, geolog; comes to our assistance with revelation! of men of the rudest stage of life Hvin; in prehistoric ages under circumstancei of great interest. It is to this early ag< of which geology speaks, that we hen turn attention. The peat-mosses ol Denmark supply important data foi the early history of man in that country In these peats are embedded many relici of a people who dwelt in that regior, long before the present race had mi grated thither. These relics consist chiefly of curiously formed implemento and weapons in stone and bronze hammer, arrow, and spear heads, hatchets and knives, Sx. Now, peat it formed slowly. It is the result of the annual growth and decay of numerous marsh-plants-each year's mass of dead rushes, reeds, and grasses being over- grown by the vegetation of the suc- ceeding year. The formation takes place in marshy hollows ; and in process of time consolidates and sinks into the soft soil on which it rests. The growth of each year, however, adds only a very thin stratum to the for- mation, and when this is pressed by the strata of subsequent years it sinks into still smaller compass. The Danish peats attain a thickness of about thirty feet, and they must therefore have been a very considerable time under formation. Imbedded in peat are often found the trunks of trees; indeed in some instances part of a forest growing in the hollow in which peat was being formed, has been choked by the rank growth of marsh plants, and the soil be- coming to moist for the favourable growth of the tress, they, robbed of their strength from these two causes, have fallen a prey to storms, and become ver grown with peat. Thus single trees, or- el usters of trees, or even whole forests, may be part of a peat-moss. Now the implements of the prehistoric age found in the upper portion of the Danish peats, and associated with the remains of beeches, are made of iron. Those that occur farther from the surface, ip conjunction with remains of oak, are of bronze ; while those that lie nearer the bottom of the peat, by the side of the ancient firs, are made of stone. Here is evidence of an carly race of men existing in three stages of antique civilisation. We have thus evidence of what, for the sake of clearness, we may term three distinct ages, though there is no real distinction, because one period glided into another as imperceptibly as our old year is followed by the new. The stone age is the oldest prehistoric era we have any evidence of ; but it is subdivided into two periods - the Paloolitkk (ancient-stone) and the Neolithic (new stone). The flint weapons of the Neo- lithic period, manufactured when man had made some Utile progress in the art of tool-making, are better finished than those of the Paleolithic period. Those of the earlier period (the Palaeoli- thic) are so crude and ill-finished tbatit is sometimes difficult to distinguish beeween them and pieces of flint worn and chirped by the forces of nature. The relics of thc Danish peats are referable only to the Neolithic period. Before the earliest immigrants of the rude tribes of the Neolithic age hud made their homes among the prehistoric firs of Denmark, there had roamed over vast tracts of country, not very far re- moved from that locality, a race of men, if possible more simple in their modes of life and workmanship-the men of the Palicolitlric age. But between this age and the Neolithic a«e of the Danish peats a subdivision has been defined. In the caves in the south of France occur " vast quantities of the bones :ind horns of the reindeer. In some cases, separate plates of molars of the mammoth, and several teeth of the great Irish deer (Cervug mcgaceros) and of the cave-Iiou (Felts sjie'oa), and an extinct variety of Felis leo, have been found mixed up with cut and carved antlers of the rein- deer." This period hos been named by French geologists the Reindeer age, because the remains of that animal occur in very great profusion in these French caveB. AJS a proof of the ex- istence of maa at a time when the rein- deer and several other animais, now con- fined to far higher latitudes, roamed as far BS towards the equator as the south of France, perhaps farther, it is to be noticed that not only are his implements found side by side with the remains of I the reindeer in such a manner as to 1 show that they were deposited at the same time, but many of the antlers of that animal are cut and rudely carved, bearing ample evidence of the work of a more or less intelligent race of men. On one of the bones found in a cave of the Reindeer age, the outlines of the great mammoth have been rudely carved by some ingenious hand, long since laid to rest; and the long curved tusks and shaggy coat of wool are easily recognis- able. But beyond the Neolithic and the Reindeer ages lies the Paleolithic epoch, reaching back still further into prehistoric times. The tools and imple- ments of man referable to this epoch are found chiefly in the high-level gravels of our valleys, and are of the rudest type. They occur mixed with bones of the horse, bear, tiger, deer, hippopotamus, I rhinoceros, and extinct species of the hyena,insucbamannerastoleavenodoubt of their co-existence with these animals. They are " always unground, having evidently been brought to their present form simply by the chopping off of fragments by repeated blows, such as could be given by a stone hammer." It is difficult to form any approximate idea of the vast antiquity of these Falteo lithic gravels. Since they were laid down, and these early prehistoric men lived in these localities, the rivers over vast tracts of country have slowly cut their way through, in some instances, over a hundred feet of hard rock, and spread the sediment around their mouths or over the bottom of the sea. What a vast amount of time it must have re- quired to scoop out the valleys of a country to a depth of a hundred feet. We quote Sir Charles Lyell, who says : " Nearly all the known Pleistocene j quadrupeds have now been found accom- panying flint knives or hatchets in such a way as to imply their co-existence with man ; and we have thus the concurrent testimony of several classes of geological facts to the vast antiquity of the human race. The disappearance of a large variety of species of wild animals from every part of a wide continent must have required a vast period of time for its accomplishment ; yet this took place while man existed on the earth, and was completed before that early period when the Danish shell-mounds were formed. The deepening and widening of valleys impliesanamountof change of which that which has occured during the historical period forms scarcely a perceptible part. Ages must have been required to change the climate of wild regions to such an extent as completely to alter the geo- graphical distribution of many mam- malia, as well as land and freshwater shells. The three or four thousand years of the historical period do not fur- nish us with any appreciable measure for calculating the number of centuries , which would suffice for such a series of changes, which are by no means of a local character, but have operated over a considerable part of Europe." In these gravels we gather all that is at present known of that earliest period on which history sheds no light. This j period probably reaches back into the closing acts of the physical drama of I the great Glacial age, when the valleys and plains of the northern hemisphere, down to the fourtieth parallel of lati- tude, were groaning beneath the burden of grinding glaciers and untold depths of snow ; while the rivers mostly covered with thick ice, and the seas were full o£ icebergs floating, with infinite collisions, to the southward, or covered with hum- mocked, snow-covered icefloe, as the Arctic seas are to-day. Amid scenes like these, these earliest pioneers of the races of men struggled through, their first experiences of the rough world. Could these scenes, through the touch of some magic wand, be reconstructed, and made pass in dioramic form before our eyes, how interesting they would be ! How closely we should listen to their stories of that far-gone age, could the men who lived while these gravels were being formed, spring to life again and tell us what they say. and knew, and felt 1 'What problems might be thus satisfactorily solved ! But such cannot be: the past has successfully buried its dead, and what wc know of its history must be through the tortuous course of induction. But thc men were probably huuters ; their business was to live. And no trapper of modern Ameri- can fame could want higher or, to us, more interesting game. Across the snow-clad plains roamed herds of the I gigantic mammoth in search of food ; wild savage boars kept cover under the brushwood of the forests ; and packs of hungry wolves, on the scent of prey, filled the clear frosty air with their dismal cry, as their modern representa- tives in Russia and other countries do to- day. The -magnificent Irish deer-not then extinct, and than which no deer of modern age has half so large, or has half so noble an appearance-galloped with bounding, graceful step across the plains of Ireland. Bears hybernated through the greater part of the severe, almost endless, winter ; and when the climate became suitable, cunning beavers followed their life's work by the side of broad shallow rivers that drained conti- nents, part of which are now no more. As the climate became warmer when the age of boulder-drift was passed, ferocious tigers prowled around man's rude hut in search of sweet morsels-veritable an- cestors of modern " man-enters "- and in the vicinity of the rivers, the huge hippopotamus and scale-covered croco- dile sought their livelihood. Among this variety of animal life, and in the excite- ment of a hunter's existence, during the latter part of the great Glacial age lived these Palaeolithic men, clothing themselves from the bitter cold with the warm furs of the ani- mals their superior intelligencec nabled them to trap, or that came with- in reach of their curiously flint-barbed j arrows, and living almost entirely on the game they were able to " bag." 