' THE NEW MINISTRY. ' ? - 'j The partionlars hereunder have been gleaned from various. sources . ..y ? 1 Tho new Ministry were sworn in at Govern ment House at noon on Fnd&y;,aand immediately , presented themselves at their respective offioes. Mr.Suttor wrote to Sir H. Parkes, assigning reasons for changing bis side. Sir Henry re plied that, he had no desire to know the reasons.. It is probable that; Mr. .Darley will represent the Government in th'e.Upper, House as Yioe preeident of the Executive Council. . Mr; Garvan has-only temporarily taken the. position of Minister for Justice, and will be made,-. Minister for Railways whenthe latter .office is oreated; -..v.-.-rr. A majority of tbe new Cabinet is in favour of, a^.vaAv«m;duties.tpnmake.Qp the deficiency. The. oomposition of the Ministry baa given general satisfaction, although somo objection' is taken to Mr. Garvan. not accepting a. more im portant office. | Tfco.oxtraordinarychanges that have taken I place in our political world during the past few | days have naturally taken people by surprise. Ministries Have been'' constructed 'and* blown over like a house of cards. On Thursday,' at' 12.30, a strong coalition Government stood ! ready to be sworn in. The Governor was at I hand, and the olerk of the Executivo Council had all tbe neoessaiy papers ready, when sud denly anothor hitch ocourred, a . postponement was caused, and before 3' p.m. this strong Go Vermont was a thing ot - the past. Why that 1 coalition Government went to pieces is now well known. Tho whole affair was simply'a refloc tion:upon-the intelligence and patriotism of the persons principally concerned. It certainly did not'indioate tho presence of tbo motive which is 'supposed to aotuate men iu taking office nt this juncture. The^chi&f; -blame is by most people now attachod to Mri Simpson, who appeared to think muob iroro of- his ohanco for tho Attornoy Generalship (and piobably alao of a Judgeship) than of forming a Ministry which would havo the confidence of Parliament and tho country. Mr. Want, though assertiog his right to the Attorney-Generalship, was willing to forego any claim to. a Judgeship, and bo, therefore, oannot be oharged .with allowing his ambition for tho latter, to stand in the way of the Government.— The Qlotel On the flat the castor oil plant is flourishing, and being green cattle partake of it liberally, resulting in death sometimes. On Sunday Dr. Ogg lost a. good milch cow from that cause, and although .efforts were made to save the poor brute's life/ they were not suoceasful. Otm advertising column^ of late indioate that the practice of 'planting' horses is again pre valent in. Gundagai. But from what we hear it is the minority of oases whioh find their way iuto tho papor. It would lie 'well for Sub-inspector Carroll to turn his attention to this matter, for it is very'annoyiog for persons to have to pay | large rewards for horses. Some..people surmise ; that those guilty of ' sweating ' the animals are ; the navvies who are leaving, it being asserted | that the men ride them until they knock up, and ! then turn them loose to find their way home as beat they may. ..^ Amax named McEvoy, who has been working on the bridge lately, broke bis leg last Fri day night. Dr. O'Dwyer was sent for, anil did the needful surgery,. and his parent is progres sing favourably. Iir the 'Oazetie ot February 24th there is a notice, proolaiming the 18th Maroh- a public holiday in the distriot of Gundagai, in 'connec tion with the raoes. The booths and gates for the raoes were sold at Paiue's Royal Hotel ou Saturday by Mr, Aroh. 8, Smith, the prioos realised being very, satisfactory* For tbo gates, Mr. Angus McKinnon, Nangus, gave £62 ; for I the grand-stand, Mr. John Reardon gave £12 I 6b ; and for the booth Mr. W.' G. Aroher, of tho j Family Hotel, gave £50; taking a total of I £124. We have been asked by the secretary I to request members of the Club to remit; their*] subscriptions as soon as possible, so tbat the' financial affairs can be known.' ' ' I It will be remembered tbat at tbe last I ! meeting of those interested in forming ^-volun- J | teer oorps for Gundagai, it was decided tp write ' to Mr. Want, M.P'.; asking him to bring his in fluence to bear in having the corps established, Mr. Griffin, who is. aotibgta Secretary to tho movement, has* reoeived.^the following reply to. his letter:—*11 Chambers; 'Kiijg^s'treet, 26th Feb ruary. To W- T. Griffin; Esq. Have received your note, and shall at once attond. m'atterthere in, and hope to be'ablo to do'w^at you ask. — J. H. Want.'? We bog to draw particular attention' to tho conditions of a billiard tournament arranged by Mr. John Green, the. well-known, aqd popular marker at Archer's bilUard-rbem. We hope to see his venture a thorough succers, ' ' We see bythe Melbourne .papore. that our* yoiing friend Mr, Nahum ? Barnet, arohitoot, of 48 Queen-street, is again a successful .,pompeti tor, Hts first prise was for the beet design for the Working Men's College; how' he has won tb^ first prize for, a design for the- Australian Churoh, to bo erected in Flinders-street for the Rev. Charles Strong. Mr. Barnet is oonneoted with the asbestos mine here. Tbz Ctotoniundra Liberal says that a large number of passengers were booked at tbe local station for the farmers' train on Thursday, a goodly number being from Tumut, Adelong And Gundagai/ ' ' 1 . * Mort & Co., limitod, report salos of {Tew South Wales wheat.'.at 4i$d, to 4s 6d; New Zoaland wheat at 3s 0d to'ia' 9d ; oats 2s 3d to 2 1 5d for best lines; bran ana pollard at Is 2d maizeup to 3s5d per bueholi.v I Last Thursday Mr. Weekes, J.P., coroner for tbo distriot, held an inquiry , into the cause or origin of a fire whfoh destroyed a large quantity of grass and fencing, the property of Mr. John Boche, ChidowU. It seems that a man named Carroll, who baa been a resident of the distriot for over 30 years, but who ia.on very unfriendly terms with Mr. Roohe, was seen within 100 yards of the spot just whon the fire started, and after hearing tho ovidepce. the jury brought in a verdict that Carroll set£fire to the property, and tho corner committed him for trial at the next Gundagai Quarter Sessions. | : Mr. B. R. Wibb addressod a meeting of 200 people at-Yass on Wednesday night , at tho Mechanic?'' Institute, and said, if the necessity I should arise, he would become a candidate for Yase.-*'-His - ambition- was ' to enter tbe 'Aisem^j bly;-and.vtheto was no place he .would wither 'represent than Yass Plains. Ho announced j himself -a thorough freetrader, and' would, do aV4SC^ith the.duty on .wool-piicks^liaga, nails, I paint, yarnish, and on all the material used in makiug carriages. He was % in favour bf pay ment of members, and would reduce ^bo.pnblio 1 debt by lowering salaries and doing -^ay with half .the oivil -servants and employoea'an -the different - Government offices. Hf^ifcld -the selectors plainly that he knew nothing of the land question, but knew more.aboat books and law. Mr, Wopd, J.P., oooupied tbe dusi^ and 4^h6arty voto of tbanka :wai* aod^«ed j[Bim ^bnT'' tt& motion of Mr. R. W. Pearson. ^ £ The Rev, R. Inglie, M. A.,-tu indtjoted into the pastoral oharge of the PreBbyteria^tPpngrB* gations of Lismore and Wyrullah last Wednes day.' ,/v Mrs.''Aonbs Qdiolby has, during^ the past week, purchased the property she oooupiea— the Golden 'Fleece Hotel at Cootamundra-f-for the s'um'of £1300. Writing from Jugiong a correspondent says ;' —'War is declared' against the forest treds on. noxt %Sa^irday, the 6th inst., whenjtho' usual roll-up for tbe annual wood-bee for the- school t^kHplace, and, judging from the number who are signifying their intention of beiugrpresent at it, the usual result may be anticipated *^Jugiong will, I bear, be well represented at tbe ooming festivities in Gundagui.' So are-- prisoners who . recently osoapod from Goulburn jnil have been captured at Greufell. Her Majesty the Queen has aut^o^ed Mr. -H. E. Coheo, late minister of Justice, to retain tho title of 'Honorable' within the colony of New South Wales. ?*' The eleventh annual show of the Tumut Agricultural and PaBtoral Association was opened on Wednesday last. The weather was showory during the forenoon, and marred - the attendance, but in the' afternoon about *800 people were present. The horse and cattlo' sec tions were well -filled, there being 143 entries in tbe horse section. The trials for hunters proved a great attraction. Seventeen horses competed, and the prize was won by C.. A. M'Donald's Endymion, A. Lampe's Robin being secoud. 18 entered forthe competition for weight-carrying hacks, whioh was wou by Edward Breonan'a Marquis. There were 16 entries for gentlemen's haoks, O. F. M'Donald's Dora bein^.-ji weeded first prize. The competition in some-of the oattle' olasses was small, but the exhibits wore excellent, - -For Durhams. and Horofords; Joha-Wilkihson,- Eflward Brennan, Robert Dear and O. [F. M'Donald took the principal pritsoj, and in the Ayrshire section ..Samuel. Gotdon secured the honours. The prizes for dairy stock wero ^on by J. Hargraves, 13. Brennan. and J. Koll. ;Iu fat cattlo, R. M. Shelley and C. F. M'Donald' were the prize takers, and J. Koll, L. Bronuan* and J. F. Barrett were the prinoipal prizo wiji-' ners in the sheep section. ; There - was;a grand show. For Pigs', J. Sutton secured the chief, honours, and for dogs W. G. Budd wou several^ prizes. Owing to , the bad season -farm prodtioe was not largely represented, although 'the exhi bits wore very good. G. Clout, D. F. Robertson, G. Godfrey and R. M'Alister wore the prin cipal exhibitors In - the horticultural sec tion there were numerous exhibitors the ohief prize-takers being Robert M'Alister, George Clout and' William Bridle. There was an excel lent show of agricultural maohinery. - .The total number of exhibits in all olasses was 482. The second day's proceeding! were a great success, . 1200 persons being present?' : The horse trials.! proved very attractive.'* - The judges . whero' R. F, Horaloy ? and jAjdhttley The following were made Pony, not over 14 hands, 15 entries— E Nixon. Four-in-hand in harness— S. Gordon, with. four. bay^.-Jjady'e ?hunter.riddetf.by^y.B^entVies^/G^Brown's Jaok. ridden bv Misa TTrrhaM Tho l-ui;ac. remarkably' well. -[Tho corrcspondetitNvho fur nished the above particulars omitted to say that most of the prizes for agricultural mpQhiqpry and. :impletiieutB *'..-&&» Vwori - by*- 'Mr^ Sines Molnerney, of Big Ben Creek, and Dr. H. M. Marshall, of Gundagai, took the prize for bis buggy.— Ed. G.2VJ ,/_;H9jJle|wky*8 Klla.^N^rydu®eM^d-^Wqj Energy.— When first the nerves feel unstrung andliatfessneas supplants energy, it is tbe right tjpie to tikean alterative Pjijchas Holloway'/ Imi tjo provont disorder runmnginto disease. fTteSp excellent Pills correct all irregularities and weaknesses. Theyaotso kindly, yet^so onor goticallyx.on,..the ; funotions of 'digefitioh'aad assimilation, tbat tbe whole body is revived, tbe blood is rendered richer and puter, the mtisoles become firmer and stronger and the nervous and. absorbent systeq^s. are invigorated. These' Pills are suitable for _ all olasses and ail ages. They have a most marvellous erfeot on porsone who, are out of oondition : they soon reotify whatever is ;in fault, restore strength to the body and oonfidenoe to ttie mind.— Adv. AT Adelaide on Friday week a iuih ocourred on the Oommeroial Bank of Sonth Australia, tbe shares of whioh, now quoted at £3 128 7d, are 7s 6d below par. and still going down. '-They commenoed to fall when theaooountant Wilson's defalcations were disoovered about a. fortnight ago*, ^ On Friday rumqurs ^pre vailed tiuii'fiie reserve was short by a large extent, and aooor dingly a semi-paniosetin, and at Port Adelaide, where the prinoipal branoh is situated, all the gold was drawn in a few hours by depositor* pio shareholders purjwse ^^sting tte^rea ofthepapio, ' 1 .. ' IK tbo Assembly ou Thursday, the Eleotions and Qualifications Committee decided that Mr. B. B. Smith was duly.-eleoted for the Macleay, and tbat tho £100 lodged by the petitioner, Mr. Dangar, be allowed to Air. Smith for* his expenses. An, tbo revolutionary movements have ceased in Peru, and that country is about to enter on an era of peaoo and prosperity, Towle's Pennyroyaland SteelPills forFemales quiokiy.correot all irregularities, and reliav9 the distfWng symptons so prevalent thvse'x. Boxe/2a 9d., of all Chemists. PjfeparA, only by E. T. Towle, Chemist, Nottiugl^aro, England, Agents for Sydney— Elliott brothers and Co.» Wholesale, Druggists; .W.' H.;Soul, Pitt-street, John/Watson, CHomisK— AdV. ^vXiORp pABRirfGTOK last week communicated | to; Sir. John Bobertson the desire of the late Secretary of State for the Colonios 'that tbe | ?AuatraKah Pretuiers should meet and consult | about tbe naval defenoes. Sir John ridiculed the idea, but, in a memo, to the Governor, suggests I that England should provide an effioient sea | defence of tbo .outer waters of Australia, and that the ooet should be divided between tho! colonies and the mother oountry. . - H Carl voir Biehrer, the absoonding Sydney , insolvent, was arrested iu his oabin on; board I the ship Looh Yennaoher when the vessel was off Margate- ' Tho sum of ^£760 was'fo&odvon; him. '-v \- At the opening of the Land Court on Thurs- j day morning, tho chairman stated, for the infor- j mation of applicante such as Mr. Doubleday and others, tbat the Board oould not deal with ap plications for land until they were submitted to the District Surveyor* and until they received his report as to the land being- available. The statement wae to the above effeot. So far aa the information given is any satisfaction to the ap | pUcants;.the Board might as well have kept it |.a strict secret, ? This ebrtHcf treatment simply , i discusts the people ;with the administrators. | | Has the Boardino'adcninistrative duty ? L,Is it a binuwy juaioiai ooay r oouia not toe i-oara undertake to urge: oh the' matter of dealing promptly with applications? The Board are the local administrators, and they should bave weight in representing to the oentral authorities that injury is being suffered by these delays. No consolation can be deprived from the Board indifforonce. Thoy caonot tnovo .till prompted by the surveyors; the local surveyors. oannot movo till they are told to do 60 by thoir district ohiefs ; the distriot offioers till they get their directions from tbo head survey office ; and the survey office will not move a peg, of course, till they are given the papers conneoted with tho applications. During all this roundabout business the applicants aro kept anxiously waiting,' aod are obliged to romain in idle ness often. There is no getting away from this faot— that it is a disgrace to the whole con nections of tbe Lands Department, from the Minister down to the Boards, that applicants have been kept waitiug since August last for their cases to be dealt with.— Cootamundra Herald, Throat Affeotions and Hoarseness. — All suf fering from irritation of tho throat an$ h^ar^e noSs fwill ^e agreeably surprised at the almost im[n opiate relief afforded by the'uso of ' Bro^n' ' Bronchial Troohes.' Those famous ' lozenges' aro' now . sold by most rcspoctablo chemists in this country at Is 1 Jd per box. People troubled with a ' hacking cough,' a 'slight cold,' or bronchial nffootions, cannot try them -too soon as Bimilar troubles, if allowed to progress, re sult in stirious pulmonary and asthmatic affec tions. Soo that tho words ' Brown's Bronohial Troohes' are on the Governmont Stamp around each box. Prepared by John I. Brown & Sons, 'Boston, U.S. European depot reinovod to 33 Farringdon-road.— Adv. t The Chinese Government has established a,n Admiralty Board, and grant improvements are expected from its formation. According to tbe offioint statistics, tbo prin spuria m me commni iraae ot Germany consist of brandy and gunpowder. Japan has a snoiety for reforming tho style of dre.Mtng the hair of women. The association j has over 2000 members. A PEcutUB oftse of abdnction (say* the Globe) was heard before his Honor Judge Wilkinson at the Metropolitan Sessions. A youth of about eighteen, years, named James Canning, was oharged with abduoting a girl named Amelia VoDonald, she being under sixteen year?. Tho girl, it seems, was in the' habit of stopping out I at night, for which her parents one evening ' obided her* She went into tbe street and cried, and Canning, who was passing, inquired tho oiuse. She told him- her troubles, and he ! suggested a way out of the difficulty by -pro- ! posing that' 6he; would. fly with him. NotKing j loth, she-corisentedV but the pair on their way to ' Brisbane bad only sot as far as the Pyrmont Ferry when Amelia's brother caught her and - tootc ner boot, and gave Canning to tho police. Over half a dozen' of tho ex- Confederate jrenerals who wenVirittV:tho war bseb'dTnW halve rerriained single ever since, among them General Curtis Iiee, the' handsome and popular, son -of tho * Confederate' .Chieftan, and General Jubai Early, who is now 70 odd. Several swindling colonising sohemes h!ave been exposed both in California and in Florida » Immigrants have been induced by speculators ^to If^ve Great Britain to settle on tbe land in | .(hora .fltates, and after being fleeced of their monejrbave been left to shift for themselves. -The death is announced of Mr. Charles Isaao j Watson, tbe 'father of tbe Braidwood Press,' as be used to style himself, { Many peopU will remember Mr. Cottrell, the ' talented monologuitt, whose clever entertain ment, ' Faoee and Fancies,' given in eonjuno- 1 tion with, tha Oarandini Company, were so I popular many years ago, and bow, when still in tbeaenitb of his fame, consumption laid him low. j Hig widoyK formerly Miss Oarandini, bow oontemplatee marrying a^ainl her ohoioe. being 8ir Norman Campbel),' .'a'soion of tbe Argyle family. . . ^ i The bank swindler Stebbins, who has victi misedveo many-banks' by 4the simple process of oban($hg' Vmght' into '_eighty ' on cheques* wrote to a- friend , in Sydney . that he hoped to clear £000 in a fe w d ays in Melbourne, and oon-/ templhted a Vi|\VV- Europe. .. j An Auokland telegram to the Sydney -papers i states:— 'Shortly after tbeXTnion OoVateamship Manapouri left Auokland on Ttuirsday'for'Mel bourne, via tbe southern ports, one of the pas sengers wished to asoertaiu whether ono' of bis boxes had been placed on board. Tho officers opened tbe fore batoh to discover whether the missing paokage was there, but as soon as the hatoh cover -had been removed the bold was found to be filled with smoke. The news caused great exoitement among the passeugers ; but the . officers maoaged.' to restore good order. Meanwhile .the alarm having been sounded, the men went to their appointed posts, tho pumps wero rigged, and a hose laid down the fore hatoh. Tho smok*. increased rapidly, and it poured out of the hold in volumes; but thero was so sign of any flame to be seen. The chiof officer, Mr. : Morris, and a number of man went down the hold to searoh for tho seat of the tire. For over an hour cargo was beiug sent up on deok, when , the cause of the outburst wa9 discovered in a dose of nitno aoid. The burning paokage waa promptly removed to the deck, and then con , signed to the water. It wae found tbat little or no damage had resulted to tbe oargoadjacantto the burning case. The men who went down the I bold suffered severely from the e {foots of tho poisonous fumes. Mr Morris, the chief officer, became unconscious, and remained in that con ? d^tion^until he expired. Ten of the .men wlio j .Went into, the hold to quen'oh'tbo flames were 1 ^ftd.sd.-at Gisborne, and plaoed in thohospitalat that town. They are all in a very critical state. The oook and third officer are dying. The other' imen in the hospital in Gisborne are reported to' be improving. The men beoamo ill some hours*1 after the fire bad been extinguished. They: were suddenly seized with a violent fit of cough ing, and beoame insensible and foamed at the mouth. There was a medical man on board at the .time, and he rendered every assistance pos sible' to alleviate tbe sufferings of tbo men. The Fatal Fatuity of Counterfeiters. —It wquJd^laiost seem as if there A spfell of j fascination in fraud, as if in the ^err'conodption aniexeoutive of a vioious deoil-t bore- was somo smaok of a oharm. For suroly tho imitator | must know that his imposition will sooner or | later be detected. And yet there aro parties | still striving to reproduce Wolfed Schnapps. I Be euro and obtain Wolfe's Schnapps. -Adv. The following selections wero takon up at tho , Burrowa Land Office on Thursdav last Additional Conditional Purchases. J. Silk, junr. 40a, Rugby. , W. Holding, ItiUa, Tulmo. | Johanna Gurnoy, 60a, Rugby. | Original Conditional Purchase. A. J. Butt, 200a, Coogera* Conditional Leases. J. Silk, juti., 40a, Rugby. Johanna Gurnoy* 60a, Rugby. The chairman (Mr.N. Hawkoo) of tho Plirkos meeting, on Friday statod that Sir Usury was offered any place in the Miu'wtry he might choose, but he had deolined to join any Ministry which oontained any ingredient of tho system, of coalition. Malarial Fever.— Malarial fevers, constipation, torpi£it^, of th£ liver and kidnoys, goaeral dehi hty. nervohsn^s and neuralgic ailments yjold readily.k^thia'great disease conqueror? Amorican ? Co s Hop Bitters. It repairs tho ravages of disoase by converting the food into rich .blood, and it gives new life and vigour to tho aged and infirm.— Adv. The Melbourne Herald baa ugnin oallod atten tion to a swindling sweep oaliud tho Sydnoy Turf Club Consultation. Mr. J. P. T. Caulfield, who' was known in Victoria no the 'boy politician,' has intimated his intention to contest the seat for Yass Plains in tho Legislative Assembly, which is likely to be rendered vacant by the resignation of Mr* Heydon. A yeby large timber staek in Melbourne,, belonging to several importers, caught fire at about midnight on Thursday. For some hours- j the danger-was great. Tho yard which is about j I eight acres in extent, was covered with .timber. There were ships at one end and gasworks at the other. Fortunately there was no wind. Strenuous efforts averted the danger from the gasometers. Tbe water supply was inadequate, and it bad to be pumped from the Yarra. The j insurance is unknown. The loss is astimated at about a million cubio foet of timber of various ; kinds. ] A telegram to the S, X* Herald states tha | & resident of Broughton Creek, named Mrs. McLelland, has just died at tho age of lt4.' The Messageriea Maritimes Company are having six new powerful steamers built with' a view to establishing a forthnightly service between Marseilles and tho Australian colonies. 1 Florilinel— For the Teoth and Broatb.— A foydrppeof the liquid ' Floriline'- sprinkled on a/Wet tooth-brush produces a pleasaof l&thor; jvlych thoroughly cleanses' tho Jeetb'frfm al^ paMfes .or impurities, hardens the gums, pro yonts tartar, stops decay, gives to the tooth a peoutiar pearly-whiteness, and a doligtitfutira gfra'nce to the breath. ' It removes all unpleasant - odour arising from decayed teeth or tobocoo smoke. Tho ' Fragrant Florilino,' being com posed in part of honey and. sweet herbs, is delioious to the taste, and the greatest toilet dis covery of the age. Price 2s 6d- of all chomiste and perfumers. Wholesale depot romoved to 83-Farringdon-road, London--Adv. ., Tax Boston -papers are commenting on tbe faot that a boy who sold some of his fathead furniture in the absenoe of hie parents, received exactly the Bame sentence as a man who nearly killed his wife. The judge who imposed the senteuee evidently believes it is easier to get a new wife than it is to get new furniture. Ev*w a Queen's daughter may be a 'perfeot fright,' it seems. At the opening of the new bridge at Ballatw, Sootland, recently, Prinoese Beatrice wore a oostwneof flaring crimson, wi(l) a bonnet of green and bronae. This, as Truth thinks, was ' quite a triumph of bad taste.'- ?, \- In a marriage register iu the Churoh of St. James's, Bury- St, -Edmunds (says an English journal); the- following ourious notice appears : — ' 1832, November 0, Chriatcphw Newsatn, Charity Morrell': Charity Morrell being entirely without arms, the ring waj .ptaoed upon the fourth too ol the left' foot. and sho wrote. her rtJame in thia'registey.wfth.ifr right foot;',',.. A Melbourne telegram states:— 'The ad journed inquest on the girl Ethel. Hampton, who was killed1 by .her mother and sieters at Ooburg, ,in January last, under extraordinary oironmstances, '- was resumed to-day. Mra. Hampton and her daughters were in oustody In the preoinota of the building, but wore not present in the room .where the inquiry was held. Mr. Hampton, father of the victim, was ex* amined at length, but his acoonnt of the cir cumstances attending the death of his daughter threw no fresh light on the affair. He had occupied a separate bedroom' to 'bis wife for four or five yoars, and used to look bia door when his wife was- in an excited state. She' had of ton threatened'' to /give, him a dose,' and take his life. He believod she had been out of her mind for 16 years, and was not responsible for her actions. She had never been confined in a lunatio asylum, but horsistor had died in one in Tasmania. Two of Hampton's sons were ox« amined, but they merely corroborated their father's evidenoe. They said that Mrs. Hamp ton was very fond of her daughter Ethel'. Wm. Reynolds, brother of Mrs. Hampton,' deposed to his sister not being o! sound mind. The verdiot of-*the jury was that the deceased Ethel Hamp ton- died from wounds inflicted on her by her mother Eliza Hampton and. her. three sisters Annie Eliza, Eleanor and Mary,' whilst they were all labouring under temporary insanity. The aooused wero removed in custody, and will appear before tho/Polioe Court in due oburse.'' .- .A beautiful painting,— Mr. G.-O. Green,, of Woodbuty* Naw Jersey MU.S.A., is paeeejfThrg * to (tfuggis^s and' others in . this; coumtj^eome votyj fincf' ptptures in oil, . of his Aagpiflaenft ^ouig and gwiuuds and laboratory^ft thaltflace. r. Green ie the proprietor of. Boschee's Oormaa Syrup- and GreenV August Flower,' two very valuable medicines, which aro meeting with, great favour, the first o&o.; remedy for Pulmon ary oomplaints, and tho latter for Dyspepsia and disorders of the Liver. These preparations* havo attained an immense- sate- solely on thcir superior merits and are soldi by all druggists throughout the world. . Tho price is the same tor oach, 3s 6d per bottle, or sample- bottles for 6d. Tho samplebottl'esenablesuffececs-tb'provei their value- at a trifling cost. — Advi The appointment of Mr. Thurston to-thepost of Governor of Fiji places on records as far as our recolleotion serves us, the second instance j of a colonist being promoted to a colonial Governorship. Tho other was. that of Sir Fred-. Weld, a i ono timea New Zoaland Minister. ' Unc&b; Toil's Cabin ' hus boon- translated into tho Armooiun, Bohomian,. Danish, Dutch, Finnish, Flomish, Freoch, German, Hungarian,. Italian, IllyrianK Polish, Poctuguose,.Romanio,. Russian, Serviun, Spanish.. Sweedish, Welsh and Wallochiaa languages 