'S IT M M A R, Y FOR EUROPE, POLITICAL. The last days of last session were very favourable to the Government, who were able to release members from attendance in Parliament on the day appointed December 16 The ceremony of the pro- regation was severely formal, and His Excellency the Governor was not called upon to do much more than assent to bills. His speech dealt briefly with some of the most important measures of the session, spoke hopefully of the outcome of the Federal Mail Service Conference recently hold in Melbourne, and expressed the conviction of his advisers that the Centennial Exhibition project would accord harmoniously with the celebrations to be held in Sydney to mark the hundredth year of the history of colonisation in Australia Parliament was prorogued until January 20, but unless some extreme emergency arises it will not meet for the despatch of business until June next In the meantime Ministers will devote themselves closely to the preparation of bills of which a large number have been promised for next Session. Just before the prorogation there was the semblance of a constitutional crisis, and the two Houses were confronted with an awkward question. In the Estimates for the year the Assembly inserted a proviso to the vote for County Court judges to the effect that the money should only be paid on condition that their honours should reside in their respective districts if required to do so in the public interest. The Estimates were duly embodied in the Appropriation Bill, and that measure was sent to the Legislative Council, which has the power to reject, but not to alter it. But the proviso was objected to as an unwarrantable tack. It was hard to deal directly with a matter of administration in regard to which the Council claims an equal voice with the Assembly, and as the bill could not be altered, Mr. Fitzgerald took the heroic course of moving that it be laid aside. Had this proposi- tion been adopted the colony would have been plunged into very serious political turmoil, because the Assembly would certainly have insisted on the bill as it was sent from that Chamber. Public supplies would have been stopped, and the outlook would have been extremely gloomy. . But, happily, all this was averted. The Appropriation Bill was kept by the Council for a day, and, in the meantime, they inserted in another bill relating to a County Court judge a clause framed in almost the identical words of the proviso. That showed that they had no objection to the principle, but only to the means employed by the Assembly to give it effect. This second bill went down to the Lower Chamber, and was passed without amendment. The Council having expressed a voice on the policy of the condition, allowed the Appropriation Bill to pass, of course with the proviso intact, but with a pro-, test against the attempt to invade their privileges. This was the last cloud of the session. It was no bigger than a man's hand when it appeared on the horizon. It was smaller when last seen. All the Governments of the Australian colonies are understood to be considering the proposal of the Secretary of State for the Colonies that each should be represented by a Minister at the Imperial Conference to be held in London early next year, but most of them are awaiting receipt of the despatch on the subject, which is expected in a day or two. So far the matter has only been dealt with by telegram. Sir Samuel Griffith, Pro mier of Queensland, will represent his colony with Sir James Garrick, agent general, but this has been the only appointment so far. It will be almost impossible for Mr. Gillies, Premier of Vic's toria, to leave on account of the pressure of Ministerial work, and it may happen that no other member of the Cabinet can be spared. In that event the representa- tion of the colony will very likely be entrusted to Mr. Service, the late Premier, and Sir Graham Berry, the agent general. His Honour the Chief Justice (Mr. Big in botham) has accepted the position of president of the Royal Commission for the Centennial Exhibition, and the Government has been warmly applauded for the very excellent appointment they have made. With his Honour at the head of the commission, the success of the undertaking is almost assured. The vice presidents, executive, and secretary will be named this week. To wards the close of tho session, con . siderable stir was caused in the Legislative Assembly by the proposal of the Government to grant 200,000 acres of mallee land, now practically worthless, to Messrs. Chaffey Brothers, of Southern California, for an irrigation colony. The terms were almost unanimously considered to be very favourable to the Government, but a few obstructives on the Opposition side of the House resisted the proposal to ratify the agreement, and compelled the Government to keep the House together for 25 successive hours. Finally a compromise was reached, by which the right to occupy the area under the v draft agreement was to be thrown open to competition, and if Messrs. Chaffey Brothers bid the highest premium they were to receive the concession. The compromise was regretted, but accepted as the only alternative to such disorder as might wreck the session. Throughout the country the tactics of the obstruction have been unsparingly condemned, more particularly since it has transpired that the firm may not proceed any further in the matter, but may seek in some other colony the privileges they would willingly be granted in this by 99 out of every 100 men who have given intelligent consideration to the question. On the last day of the session, Mr. Gillies made a loan statement in the Legislative Assembly, Hon. members were informed that the Government intended placing £3,000,000 on the London market next month. At first it has intended that the amount should not exceed £2,000,000, but satisfactory arrangements had been made with the contracting banks, so that the additional £1,000,000 could be lodged on fixed deposit at 4 per cent., the rate at which it is borrowed. The financial condition of the colony was also briefly referred to, and the House was glad to hear that our position is entirely sound. In his Budget, delivered in July, Mr. Gillies anticipated that at tho close of the current financial year, which ends on June 30, there would be a credit balance of £58,000. Since then, however, additional estimates to the amount of £00,000 have been approved of but, notwithstanding that, the credit balance is now estimated to be over £100,000. SOCIAL AND GENERAL. His Excellency Sir Charles Mitchell, the Governor of' Fiji, was the guest of His Excellency the Governor during his brief stay in Melbourne. Sir Charles had an interview with the Premier at the Treasury on December 20, and on the afternoon of the some city left by the express train for Sydney, at route soldier. His Excellency the Governor and Lady Loch paid a visit to the village of Winchelsea, on the Barwon, last Monday, and were present at the local race meeting. The Vice 'Regal party, who were the guests of Mrs Austin, at Barwon- park, were most cordially welcomed to the district. The Marquis and Marchioness of Stafford 'confined to. Melbourne from Sydney by the ELLISS. Home on Sunday. They propose proceeding: with the Home as far as Colombo, whence they will RCI on to Shanghai. Captain Thomas, the commandant of the Victorian naval force, has decided to accept the offer of another engagement in his present position for a further period of two years, dating from the expiration of the three years for which he was originally engaged, and which will end in March next the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty have, agreed that Captain Thomas's post, as well as future, service in the colony shall count toward seniority in the British Navy, precisely as if he were in command at one of Her Majesty a ships of war on foreign service The Government, on the recommi nda tion of the Ministerial Defence, have promised the naval commandant six months' leave of absence to enable him to visit Europe and make himself acquainted with the most recent inventions and) improvements in modern weapons of warfare If there is any prospect, however, of an outbreak of hostilities, Captain 'I teams will not leave the colony. The Melbourne Town hall has been open now for a period of some 17 years, and during that time very little has been done to it in the way either of renovation or improvement. The City Council, however, at a recent meeting authorised the carrying out of works which will entail a cost of about £10,000, with the view of effecting needed improvements in the buildings, and placing them in a presentable condition for the festivities which are likely to take place during the cur of the Queen's jubilee. Sir Coutts Lindsay, chief proprietor of the Grosvenor Art Gallery in London, some months ago offered to the Government to send out representative collections of the works of British artists for exhibition in Melbourne as the Intercolonial Grosvenor Gallery, on condition that all expenses should be defrayed by the directorate of the Grosvenor Gallery, but that the Government should find a suitable building for exhibiting the pictures, and permit of an admission fee being charged, except in the case of art students, who are to be allowed to visit the exhibition free of charge. The Government approved these proposals, and accepted the conditions Their decision was communicated to Sir Coutts Lindsay, through the agent general, and he has forwarded, by the last mail, a graceful acknowledgment of the despatch from Sir Coutts Lindsay, who promises that the necessary arrangements will be made, without delay, for a series of art exhibitions in Melbourne I A respectable looking young man named Montagu Burney was sentenced in the Criminal Court, on December 20, by Mr Justice A'Beckett on two charges of forgery, and two charges of obtaining money by false pretences He had obtained two sums of 22 and 23 by valueless cheques drawn on the National Bank at Bacchus Marsh, he had also obtained £2 from Messrs Duffy and Wilkinson, solicitors, on a letter purporting to be signed by Lieutenant Colonel Brownrigg, and to another person he had represented himself to be Lord Carrington In extenuation of his offence he said that he had been an officer in the 3rd Dragoon Guards, but give up his commission and received an appointment in the 'Turkish Gendarmerie under Baker Pasha. Whilst acting as A.D.C. to Baker Pasha he was wounded and afterwards suffered from sunstroke. He was then sent to England, and when he recovered he came to these colonies, about 13 months ago In the beginning of November last he was robbed of his pocket book containing his money, his commission and his military decorations, and he then took to drinking, and knew nothing more until he was arrested, and he must have been mad when he acted as he was stated to have done 1 Lieutenant-Colonel Brownrigg said that he believed that the prisoner had been an officer, and he had some recollection of having met him once at Aldershot His Honour said that he could not have been very much bewildered in his intellect when he obtained money from two astute attorneys The prisoner was sentenced to 12 months' hard labour The Victoria Trained Nurses' Association Building in George street East Melbourne, was opened on December 17 by Lady Stawell From a statement read by the president, Miss Hawthorne, it appeared that the association was formed owing to some of the nurses of Melbourne desiring that they should be more centralised than at present. A meeting was held at the Town hall, at which a code of rules was submitted and agreed to During the following month the house in George-street was taken and furnished, and five or six nurses are now ready to come into residence Canon Handfield, who said that he attended in the unavoidable absence of the Dean of Melbourne, spoke a few words in praise of the movement for the enrolling of volunteer nurses, and said he had no doubt the young ladies of Melbourne would prove as either elastic in that movement is the young ladies of England had in consequence of the noble example of Miss Florence Nightingale. Lady Stawell said that the president of this association, Miss Hawthorne, and the lady superintendent, Mrs Spill man, had brought such excellent letters of intro- auction that she had taken great interest in their exertions in connection with the formation of this association he thought that the idea of organising volunteer nurses was an admirable one. The visitors then examined the premises, and expressed them- selves well pleased with the arrangements made for the comfort of resident nurses On December 20 a luncheon was held at Scott's Hotel to celebrate the return from Eng land of Mr Robert Held, the vice president and accredited representative of the Melbourne Chamber of Commerce Lieutenant Colonel Sargood, the president of the chamber, occupied the chair, and proposed the toast of Our Guest. In replying, Mr Held referred to the abounding hospitality that had been extended to himself and other visitors from the colonies to England. The Melbourne Presbytery, at a special meeting on thursday last, acquiesced in the proposal of the Scots Church congregation to invite the Rev. Dr Cameron Lees of St, Giles 8, Edinburgh to come out to Melbourne and occupy the Scots Church pulpit for a period of six months, with a view to re- uniting the congregation and giving advice as to the best manner of permanently filling up the long standing vacancy At the same time the presbytery enjoined on the Scots Church congregation the necessity of appointing a commission of distinguished men at home to select a minister, or to take steps to fill up the vacancy by issuing a call Messrs M alter Hazell and Howard Hodgkin, members of the committee of management of the Emigrants' Information Office, Broadway, Westminster, arrived in Melbourne by the B.S Austral on Wednesday last, the main object of the visit of these gentlemen to the Australian colonies is to organise a system of regular and authoritative correspondence with the Emigrants' Information Office Italian Opera, under the management of Mr Martin Simonsen, has been the chief musical attraction in Melbourne during the last fortnight. For the first two weeks of the season, "II 'Trovatore" and 'Lucia diLam merinoes ' were the alternate performances In the last named Signora Hibottnro made her appearance as the heroine, with distinguished success On Christmas Night the Alexandra Theatre was even ded to excess, when a grand sacred concert was given, in which all the Italian artists took part supported by chorus and orchestra under the baton of the new conductor, Signor Hazon A new composition, "Salve Regina, for vocal quartet with orchestral accompaniment, composed by Hazon was sung by Signore Tugliavia and Carallen and Signora barn neill and Buzzi The work is conceived upon grand proportions, and in the excellent performance of it the composer was recognised as a distinguished master in musical art The first interpreta- lion was received with enthusiastic applause, and the whole composition was repeated amidst every mark of perfect favour The lady first named in this quartet, Signora Taghavia-made her Melbourne debut at this concert, She possesses a bright soprano voice of Lliarmingquality, and was welcomed by the audience with great warmth of manner. The second part of the concert consisted of Rossini a ' Stabat Mater, with chorus and orchestra, The solo singers were Sitnore Club and Cavalleri, and Simon Lazarus and Buzzi the performance of the ' Inflammatus by branch Club and chorus produced an impressive effect and was encored On Monday night they played ' II Trovatore and on Tuesday night, the 28th last,, "Norma was played, with Signore Club and Rebottaro as the High Priestess und Adalgisa, and Signor Martinelli and De Alba as Pollie and Ornveso The work was well mounted well performed, and very well received the Italian opera season thus far has been a pronounced success, and there is every probability of even turned success until the end of the first term in Melbourne. During the fortnight the Musical Association of Victoria and the Mel- bourne and Metropolitan Liedertafels have held meetings which have been largely attended the last named gave smoke night entertainments for gentle men only In each case the programmes showed choice selections of instrumental music Ileterj geneous selections of music have been given in connection with the Opera I arrived living at the Exhibition building Hit Melbourne Amateur Orchestral Society, conducted by Mr Julius Knight and the Melbourne I Liedertafel ei inducted by the same kciitlciiinn have both seen notable and satisfactory performances. the Metropolitan I federated, conducted by Mr Julius Herz have twice performed 'HMS. Pinafore in costume, and with the assistance of lady friends On Glin turns tiLL in the presence of a large audience Mr Julius Herz conducted up reminiscent II sailed s 'Messiah in the Exhibition building the final performance for the bells of the abovenamed branch Mrs Palmer, Madame Christian, Mr Armes Beaumont and Mr S Anuiisvveie the principal singers supported by chorus, band, and organ the latter being under the hands of Mr J Summers the Melbourne Town hall was crowded in all parts on Christmas night by an audience accustomed to listen to the annual performance of "The Messiah" by the Melbourne Philharmonic Society, under the baton of Mr. David Lee. The following were the principal singers, namely Madame Boema, Miss Christie Fuller. Mr. Robert Kennedy, and Mr. H. Gordon Gooch, with well drilled chorus, band and organ, the latter being played by Mr. G. Peake, the honorary organist to the society. The Christmas attraction at the Theatre Royal is as usual a pantomime, the subject this time being " Robinson Crusoe," and the writer Mr Alfred Maltby. "Little Jack Sheppard," an extravaganza, has been produced at Her Majesty's Opera-house, and a new drama by Mr. George Darrell, entitled "The New Hush," has been placed on the boards of the Bijou Theatre. AGRICULTURE It may be remarked as a general feature of the season that crops in all districts are later than in ordinary seasons In the absence of early autumn rains, most of the wheats failed to germinate until after the July showers. The crops had, as a consequence, no time to penetrate deeply before the season arrived for bursting into ear The conditions altogether have caused great irregularity in the growth of the crops, with the result that the yields will vary widely in closely-adjoining areas 1 the districts most recently inspected by the special reporter of The Australasian are those on the Wimmera and Richardson. After crossing the latter, a decided improvement takes place, but that is more marked when the open plains are reached to the westward of the Richardson Travelling northward from Murtoa, the crops are even, and with scarcely any signs of the season having been unfavourable. Around Horsham prospects are encouraging ; if the weather remain fine a good crop will be assured. The Western Wimmera pro- mises to keep its usual position as a large producer of good wheat, The progress of harvest around Dimboola is satisfactory, and westward of that place up to the border prospects continue to improve. The worst crops are put at eight bushels ; the bulk will yield 15 bushels, while up to 20, 25, and 30 bushels will be reached in some cases. The whole of the Little Mallee is expected to average 13 or 14 bushels per acre, and the area there is considerably greater than last year. On the eastern side of the Wimmera the conditions for putting in the crop were adverse, and the results accordingly. The sample from the Wimmera generally will be an excellent one this sea- son-the summer rains, with the accompanying cool weather, having been fax ourable to the filling of the grain, so that the sample will be a very plump one it will also be cleaner than usual, bare fallowing having been carried out more thoroughly than formerly. It is observed that experience has proved the reliability 01 that part of the district to produce a crop of 12 bushels in any season, provided the system of bare following be well carried out. The higher Summer temperature that has prevailed during the last week has extended over the whole of the continent in Queensland and New South Wales the heavy rains of December will prove invaluable in securing abundant feed and water for stock It is remarked of the season in both colonies that it is the best experienced for many years past _ SPORTING. The return match between New South Wales and the English Eleven resulted in a rather easy victory for the Englishmen by nine wickets, the scores being New South Wales, 117 and 107; English Eleven, 220 and 5 for one wicket The highest scorers for the winners were Shrewsbury b, Lohmann 46 not out, Head 35, Gunn 84, and Sherwin 20 Turner again bowled well for New South Wales, getting seven wickets for 77 runs. In the first innings of the New South Wales team Briggs got five wickets for 45 runs, and Barlow three wickets for 10 runs, while in the second innings honours were shared by Lohmann and Flowers, the former taking five vv wickets for 47 runs, while Flowers' five wickets cost 21 runs only. Another difficulty has arisen in connection with organising an English Eleven to play a series of matches in Australia during the centennial celebrations next season. The trustees of the Association ground, Sydney, have arranged with Messrs. Shaw and Lilly) white to bring out a mixed eleven, although when the arrangement was made it was generally well known that the M.C C , when they abandoned their project of a team in favour of Messrs Shaw and Shrewsbury, did so with the intention of bringing out a strong eleven, principally amateurs, for next season. Throughout Victoria sympathy is strongly with the M.C.C.. The committee of the club, in order to prevent a clash, are willing to join with the Sydney trustees in getting together the most powerful eleven that can be induced to leave England, and in the event of this overture being refused, the committee, with the consent of the club, will persevere in their proposals. The first of the matches between Shaw and Lillywhite's team and the M.O.C. Australian Eleven has just been played, and though the Englishmen had to follow their innings, they won by 57 runs. The Australians played without Scott and Bonnor, will have remained in England, and Giffen, who was too ill to play, his place being taken by Trott, a young South Melbourne player. The Australians had very bad lack, several of the men being bowled off their legs, and they showed bad judgment in running, no less than six men being run out Shrewsbury, the English captain, has been very sharply taken to task for accusing Phillips, an M C C umpire of unfairness The attendance at the match was poor, the patrons of the game here having apparently tired of seeing the same professionals season after season The only notable bowling performance of the match was in the second in- nings of the Australians, when Bnges's figures read as follows 248 balls, 42 runs, 4 maidens, 5 wickets The scores were as follow : ENGLISH ELEVEN. FIRST INNINGS. SECOND INNINGS. Shrewsbury, This by ross 88 c Jones, b Garrett .... 32 Barlow, c. Jarvis, b. Garrett 20 b Palmer forth Gunn, b Palmer ... 22 st Jarvis, b Trott 25 Scotton, b Trott . test) run out . Bates, c Palmer, b Evans .. 83 b Trumble Briggs, c Bruce, b Evans.. 7 of m Bruce, flowers b Spofforth Lohmann, o M'Ilwraith, b Evans 38 not out.. Sherwin, not out To Spofforth, b rett .. Sundries ... a Sundries Total .... 201 Total .. i ELCHO. AUSTRALIAN ELEVEN. inST ASMUS HKCOM) (WINGS. Jones, c Scotton, b Lob- b Briars .. mon ... 46 Palmer, b Briggs .... 14 run out 'Trumble, b Flowers .. Ed c Sherwin, b Briggs Jarvis, c. and b Bates .... 87 b Briggs ,. Trott, run out .... 14 run out . Bruce, c Sherwin, b Briggs 43 c Barnes, b Briggs Blackham, run out .. 32 st Sherwin, b Briggs M'Ilwralth, 1 bw, b Loh- run-out man. .... 27 Garrett, not out 24 c Shrewsbury b Barnes not out, c Lohmann, Sundries .... 1823 Total .... 2114 Total .. In a match against Geelong district, Eur- now played a good innings for 104. A wrestling match for the Graeco-Roman championship, between Professor Miller, of Australia, and T. Cannon, of America, has just been decided at the Opera-house, Melbourne After each had scored a fall, Miller had the cartilage of two of his ribs broken away, and being unable to continue, Cannon claimed the match and the championship. THE LABOUR MARKET. The labour market has been dull during the last fortnight, and will continue to be so until after the New Year. Messrs. Walter Hazell and Howard Hodgkin, members of the committee of management of the Emi- grants Information Office, Broadway, Westminster, who arrived by the RM S S. Austral, are making inquiries with a view to obtaining trustworthy information concerning the labour market of the colony for circula- tion among intending immigrants The visitors are communicating with majors of all colonial towns, Hfcretunes of shire councils, and employers and agents of labour. So far they have learned what has always been re- presented namely, that the most pressing demand of (the colonies is for domestic servants Unskilled mnlelubout is not nearly so much wanted, and in thisdepiirtmeiit pressure isinoHtlj left the harvest season, which, of course, does not last long. On the other hand, there is remunerative employment for almost any number of domestic servants than the Einiuiiiiits' Office, or any other English agent), is likely to be able to send here 'His wages, as will be seen on reference to the list which is published below, ought to be sufficiently attractive and compare most favorably with what the male servants can i urn 'The dearth of ''helps," at all times seriously felt, is at the Christmas season at its height The whole of the registry offices of the city might have been visited for a week past without finding am girls sick- ing employment The strike of the I Unwin of miners still continues, and the associated trades of this colony have sent a sum of £105 in response to an appeal for assistance. Une employers still find themselves unable to consent to the demand of the men that the dispute shall be referred to arbitration, as the claims of the miners are regarded as wholly unjust tillable In general there is no scarcity of employment among the artisans of the colony, and some cigar-makers who left Messrs Jacobs, Hart and Co 's factory some weeks IL%Q% upon a question of incher wages, alone represent the actively dissected The following are the current rates of wages . Domestic Servants For town, general! servants from 20 to £40 per annum housemaids from £30 to £40 per annum ft make cooks for private families iUJd to JL(J0, for hotels £60 to £100, per ann m, male cooks for hotels, from £1 to 3 10s per week, with board and lodging, and in a few instances as much as £4 i r week is paid for li rated as head cooks for stations, £1 to £1 10d per week, with rations, nurses, from 15 to £45 per annum, laundresses, from £40 to 12 per annum, cooks and laundresses, from £35 to £50 per annum , married couples for home stations from stg to £100 per annum for farms from £40 to a 0 per annum farm and men, from 20s. per week, and ploughmen from 20s to 25s. per week Waiters for hotels and restaurants, from -On. to 10s per week, with board and lodging, barmen, 203. To 60s. per nock, troce ra assistants, from 16s to 50s per week, general do. from 20s to 40s, per WEek station Hands Stockmen receive from £60 to 27s per annum , shepherds, 15s to 26s per week, ordinary working men, 15s to 20s. per week, drovers, 25s. to 40s per week when travelling, general Sta ton hands-men 15s. to £1 per week and found, youths and boundary riders, from 15s to 30s. per week Building Trades Plasterers, from 10s. to 11s per day, carpenters, 10s per day , bricklayers, 10s. to 11s per day, plumbers, 10s. per day, joiners, 10s. per day,) , masons 10s to 15. per day states 11s. per day, labourers, 0s 6d to 7s per day, pick and shovel men, 7s 6d. to 7s per day, headmen, 6s per day Uootmrikera -The following are the nominal rates -for making children s peg boots the rate is GUI per pair, boys 4atot)s()d,7atoOs7d, JO s and upwards 6d to 10d , womens, 10d to Is and men of Is. and the same rates are paid for finishing In some of the best order shops the rates paid are Wellingtons 10s., elastics 7s 6d closing, 8s. Higher rates are paid In first and 8 coo in class 4' bespoke shops. bakers --HntvcUus workmen foremen) average £3 to £3 10s per week The minimum as now fixed by the Journeyman Bakers Society for Second bands Is £2 10s per week of 48 hours. Butchers -Shopmen receive from 30s to 40s per week, boys, 15s to 20s. per week, slaughtermen to cease from 40s to 60s. per week, small goods men (pork butchers) receive 30s to 40s per w week, all with I rations 1 Brass Finishers and Coppersmiths -In the engine shops the general wages vary from 5s to 12s per day, brass finishers yet from 8s to 11s., and casters from 9s to 12s per day Cabinetmakers -The wages vary considerably , skilled workmen earn from £3 to £3 10s. in the best shops and in other establishments the general wage Is from £2 to £3 per week Alattrcmmiakors earn £2 10s per week Clothing Factories -The general earnings are on proximately as follow -March it is far from 20s to 25s per week, piece workers trousers hands 17s 6d to 22s. 6d , vest hands, 16s to 30s., cott hands, 20s. to 35s shirt hands who take their work home earn from 12s to 3 6s. per week Operative Brushmakers' -The work is done on the piece system and the general earnings of good hands vary from 5s to £4 per week Coopers Most of the work in this trade is done by the piece , the wages fixed by the trade are 10s per day, tallow casks are made at 6s to 6s 6d for thirds, and at 4s. 6d for fourths Coachbuilders Smiths receive from £3 to 30s per week Bod j makers-the average earnings of good hands are from 25s to as high as £3 10s. per week Wheelers- Most of this work is done by the piece , the wages vary from 4.2 10s. to £3 per week Trimmers get from 12 10s to £3 per week Painters receive from 10s to 11s per day % icemen earn from 21 15s to £2 10s per week Drapers-In all the best establishments well qualified drapers assistants earn from £2 5s to £4 10s. per word, and in a few exceptional cases as high as 50 per week is paid , carpet Balance, from LI to £5 per week, upholsterers, £2 to £3 and £4 per week mantle makura, 16s. to 25s. and 30s per week, needlewomen and dressmakers, from 16s. to 35s. per week * arriera.-First-eloRS firemen got 25s per week door men receive from 21 10s to 5s per week, Farriers for the country receive from 20s. to 30s per week with their board and other Governesses- Nursery Governesses, residing with the family, receive salaries ranging from £20 to £36 per annum, finishing Governesses' salaries range from 250 to £100 per annum Grooms in livery stables got from 20s. to 30s. per week; coachmen receive from 20s to 30s. per week, , Gardeners In situations near town the rates are from 35s. to 40s. per week, without rations. The rates with rations are 20s. to 30s. per week. Matters. Red y makers get 133 to 4s. per dozen for regulars, and Tis. to 12s. per dozen for low crowns. Finishers get 24s. to 8s. per dozen for silk hats, 20s. per dozen for pullovers, and 12s to 6s. per dozen for low crowns, Lumpers get 4s. for low crowns, and bs. for Anglesea or broad curls. Iron Trades Fitters receive from 10s. to 12s. per day ; turners, from 10s. to Ills, wr day ; engineers, from 8s. to 14s. per day ; boilermakers and players, from 10s. to 14s. per day ; riveters, from 9s. to 11s. per day; blacksmiths, from 10s. to 14s. per day; hammerman, from 7s. to 8s. per day and moulders, from 10s. to 12s. per day. Jewellers In the manufacturing jewellers' establishments the workmen receive from £2 less. to its 15s. per week. For the finer work the wages range higher. . Kaw less The rate paid the men employed on the Government railways is 6s. 6d. per day. Miners. The average rates for miners are £2 per week for surface miners, and £2 8s. for underground work. In some out.-, jug U lot riots higher rates are obtained, but only by a few men. Printers, SHOW-The rate paid in this trade Is 1s. 1d. per thousand. In manufacturing stationers' establishments lithographers are paid £2 10s. to £3 15s. per week; binders, £2 10s. to £3 per week; paper rulers £2 10s. to 3 5s. per week. Painters and Graziers Fair tradesmen receive from 6d to his per day. Plumbers and gas fitters receive from 20s. to 15 10s. per week. Stevedores' Men, eastward peas' wages vary, from 10s. to 12s per day. Engineers In tug-boats and donkey engine drivers receive 18 per month. Ship Carpenters The rate paid in this trade Is 12s. to 13s. per day. Sailors on board ocean-going ships and steamers receive £4 10s. per month. In coasting vessels the rate is £6 per month. Men receive £0 per month in coasting steamers. Trimmers tests, and firemen 2s per month in coasting steamers. Saddlers -The earnings vary from 20s. to £3 10s. per week. The commoner sorts of work are not paid for so well, and wages vary from 25s. to 26s. per week. Tanners and Currîors.-Beamsmon receive 40s. to 50s. per week ; synodsmen, 42-1. to 45s. per week ; tanners 38s. to 45s. per week. Curriers at piecework can earn from 50s to 703. per week, 'Tailors In order shops the rate paid is from 10d. to 1s. per hour, and in a few of the best shops the latter price is paid all the year round, In seconds thus shops the earnings are from £2 to £2 16s, per week for ordinarily good hands. Superior workmen vary from £2 10s, to £4 per week. Cutters get from £2 10s. to £4, £5 to £0, and in special establishments for em up cutters got as much as £10 per week. pressers got from £2 to £3 10s. during the busy sea son. In factories the rates vary, the men being often paid by the piece. Where wages are paid the rate is from 40?. to 60s. per week in factory hours. Tinsmiths. Most of the work in this trade is done by the piece. -Tinsmiths earn from £2 to £2 6s. per week ; black Iron workers, £2 to £2 5s. per week and galvanised as his hos- £3 per week. Watchmakers earn from 15 10s. to £5 pot week. INTERCOLONIAL. NEW SOUTH WALES. It was decided, at a meeting of the Cabinet on December 21, to summon Parliament for the despatch of business on January 20. - His Excellency the Governor has received a despatch from the Queen authorising the Geographical Society of Australasia to prefix " Royal" to its title. Mr. Fletcher, Minister of Mines, has sent in his resignation, which has been accepted by the Cabinet The Premier, Sir Patrick Jennings, has written as follows to Mr. Gillies, Premier of Victoria : " With regard to your proposed international exhibition, which, as far as I understand you, will probably be held about the middle or towards the end of 1888, I need scarcely assure you that the mother colony will have great pleasure in contributing as far as possible to its success. I entirely reciprocate the sentiment of sincere and genuine friendship which pervades the whole of your letter, and I am sure that you will agree with me that no work could be nobler or more praiseworthy than the endeavour to inspire in both colonies an earnest feeling of unity to bring about the cultivation of an Australian national sentiment which will form one of the strongest and safest bonds of friendly union between all the colonies," The trades and labour representatives have decided to hold a monster and immigration meeting li the Domain on January 15 resolutions are to be proposed affirming that state assisted immigration berne, detrimental to the best interests of the working classes of the court, BIIOU 1 centre and that all offices in connection with the present system should be abolished , also approving of the utterances of Mr Norton in England find thanking him for insertions Mr G V Griffin the United States consul, who has returned from a holiday trip to the United States had opportunities of bringing, several matters of great interest to the coal mines directly under the attention of the Government during, his stay at Wash Mitton the colonies are attracting in creased attention throughout the States and Mr Curtin strongly impressed upon those in author and the desirability of establishing reciprocal relations between the States and the colonies the Government promised to actively take up the question of remitting the duty on Australian wool and renewal efforts will probably be made to secure the abolition of the sugar duty Captain I Neveu of the wrecked steamer Corangamite appeared before the Marine Boar 1 on December 21, and made a long statement in showing cause why he who did not have his certificate suspended or can celled He defended the course adopted in the navigation of the vessel which he contended must have been caught in an eddy of the current or brought to grief thrtuchbnd steering unknown to him the board in consideration of the captain s long and unsullied reputation as a skilful shipmaster only suspended his certificate for six months The steamer Brunswick, belonging to Messrs John See and Co, Sydney, went ashore when attempting to enter the Man mm. River Heads on December 18 Attempts were made to get the vessel off but these filled, and she has since become a total wreck J The passengers and crew reached the shore in safety 'The only nomination received for the vacancy in the University Senate, created by the death of the late Chief Justice, was that of the Primate (Dr Barry), who has been elected A special meeting of the Executive Council was held on December 16 to consider the case of the nine men sentenced to death for the outrage upon Mary Jane Hicks at Mount Rennie. Mr Justice Windeyer was present during the morning The sitting extended from 11 o'clock in the morning till half-past 6 in the evening and the evidence, the recommenda- tion to meet by the jury, the judge's report, and the petition in favour of a unrationed the sentence were fully considered The Council decided that William Hill, George Duffy, William Newman, Joseph Martin, William Boyce and Robert George Head should suffer the extreme penalty of the law, and that the sentence passed on Michael Donnellan, Hugh Miller, and George Keegan should be commuted to imprisonment for life, the first three years to be passed in irons. Dr Mackellar, the representative of the Government in the Upper House, has accepted the portfolio of Minister of Mines, which was rendered vacant by the resigna- tion of Mr i letcher The departure of Bishop Pearson, of Newcastle, for England has been postponed in consequence of his medical advisers stating that he must have complete rest for two months before undertaking the voyage 'the Chamber of Manufactures has declared against the proposal to hold an exhibition in Sydney in connection with the centennial celebration Lead e of absence for six months has been granted to Mr H C Russell, the Government astronomer, to enable him to attend the conference of astronomers to be held in Paris in April next, to which he has been invited by the French Academy of Sciences A most important discovery was made on Wednesday last the diamond drill which has been used for boring for coal on the Holt Sutherland Estate, 15 miles from Sydney, and three quarters of a mile from the Illawarra railway line struck a coal seam at a depth of 2,227 This, to gether with the results of the bores put down for several years past, proves the continuity of the main coal seam from the Wollongong district to Newcastle right under Sydney and suburbs The discovery is re carried as of the highest value Professor Liversidge has been granted twelve months' leave of absence, and will proceed to Europe. He will, at the request of the Minister of Public Instruction, report on the mode of teaching natural science in the elementary schools of Great Britain and Ireland A very large meeting was held in the new Masonic hall on December 20, to express sympathy with Messrs. Parnell and Gladstone in their efforts to obtain home rule for Ireland, and to raise a fund for the assistance of the evicted tenants Resolutions were passed expressing indignation at the Irish policy of the present Government, which was declared to he based on coercion, and to he repugnant to the principles of equity Sympathy was expressed with Messrs. Gladstone and Parnell, and a fund was opened in aid of the evicted tenants in Ireland To this fund Cardinal Moran sent a contribution of 100 guineas, and the total amount raised at the meeting was £480 Efforts will be made to raise the land to £1,000, and to telegraph home a draft for the amount. QUEENSLAND The Cabinet on Wednesday decided that the Premier and the agent general should represent Queensland at the Colonial Conference to be held in England next year The Premier will probably return to the colony in May next 'The Government received a cable message from the agent general, recommend- ing that Sir S. Gnlhtli should go to England as represented! ve of Queensland at the Colonial Conference, and further stating that it is generally considered in official circles that the presence of the Premier is desirable At a meeting of the council of the Separation Dengue, hold at Townsville on December 21, it was decided to request Mr. Jno Macrossan, ILL A., to proceed to England in the interests of the proposed new colony of Northern Queensland A magnificent vein of silver has been struck in the Lady Jane mine at Mount Albion, near Herberton Although the works are in their infancy, and only two smelters going, the Customs returns give the value of the output of lead bullion as £7,759 for the month of November. SOUTH AUSTRALIA. The close of the 50th year of the colony's history was celebrated in the Town hall on Monday night by a gathering of pioneers and old colonists Two hundred free invitations had been issued to pioneers before 1837 who are alive and in the colony. Italics and pictures of the old days s were shown The affair was an immense success, the town hall being crammed file Governor's reception in the afternoon for old colonists Was also very successful During the evening the Governor read the following telegram from the Secretary of State for the Colonies - "Her Majesty's Government congratulates South Australia on the completion of 50 years of remarkable progress, the result of the enterprise of the colonists, and of careful administration Express also my best wishes for the continued prosperity of the colony, and for the success of the comm? exhibition " Bishop Kennion has conferred the deanery of Adelaide, which has been vacant since the death of Dean Russell, upon Archdeacon Marryat, who will be succeeded by Carlos Morse The twelfth commemoration of the Adelaide University was held last Wednesday afternoon before a crowded audience 'The chancellor (Chief Justice Way) presided, and delivered all interesting address The mining oration was given by Professor 'I ate, the subJect being technology The Governor was present Tour degrees were conferred and nine candidates were admitted Satisfactory reports continue to be received from the Teetulpa goldfields The Commis sumer of Lands received the following message on Wednesday from the warden at Teetulpa " Results on main field generally very good In two different claims adjoining Brady's several ounces have been obtained during the day On the east side of Brady's Gully two men obtained lion, during the fortnight 'The washing at Tonkin s Well is very good, Morgan, from the west side of Brady's Gully, obtaining 28oz. from one load A meeting of the creditors of Messrs. W H Charnock k and 1, H. Nibine, trading as J Stilling and Co , Grenfell street, merchants, was held on December 22. The secured Ila bilities amount to LOO 000, and the unsecured to 171 000, or a total of 124 000 The assets are secured 1.80,000, unsecured 10,000, total, 150000, the deficiency being 15,000 The estate was assigned Applications for space at the Jubilee Exhibition have been coming in satisfactorily It is estimated that about 8,000 square feet have been already applied for without solicitation, and it is anticipated that 20,000 square feet will ultimately be occupied by South Australian exhibits. At a recent meeting of the executive committee of the Jubilee exhibition, it was stated that Messrs Burge) ne and Co had given a five guinea prize for the best sample of Australian wine from bulk The decision recently arrived at in Melbourne to coming marine the Queen's Jubilee by presenting every Protestant state school pupil in Victoria with a small testament bearing the autograph of the Queen has been productive of a similar gift for South Australian schools from Mr J H, Angas the well known sheep breeder It is believed that 40 OOO copies will be required Mr. Vi pont Howgate, the general manager of the Bank of South Australia, died on De- cember 18, after a fortnight's illness. He had been suffering from typhoid fever. Mr How gute arrived two years ago as successor to Mr John Currie. Previously Mr. Howgate had been manager of the Bank of Hudders- field. Mr. R. A. V Murray, the Government geologist of Victoria, has been visiting Teetulpa He reserves his opinion for his report to the Victorian Government, but it is understood that he agrees thoroughly with Mr Brown, the Government geologist of this colony, as to the character of the country. He pointed out numerous localities where gold probably exists, hut where its actual presence can only be found by sinking At about half-past 7 o'clock on Christmas Eve a destructive fire broke out in Rundle street, Adelaide, glutting CiiHtles's drapery shop, Cunningham's hardware warehouse, Cornish's jeweller's shop, and the Academy of Music. Two liriMHHii named Clark and Gardner lost their lives during the conflagra- tion. WLSTLKNAUSTKALIA The tender of Messrs Millar Brothers to construct a railway line between Blacking and Newcastle, a distance of 13 miles, has been accepted by the Government, the amount being £39 000 Mr Edward Keane has been elected to represent Geraldton in the Legislature TASMANIA. An industrial Exhibition in the Town park, Launceston, was formally opened on December 15 by the Minister of Lands the exhibition promises to be a great success. The site for the Launceston museum and art gallery has been chosen 'Die site is inside the main gate of the old barracks, and fronting Cameron street On 'a Thursday last the Premier (Dr. Agnew) laid the foundation-stone of the Hobart Museum extension in the presence of a large assemblage of spectators. The Rev. P E. Raynor, M A, formerly assistant master at Wellington College, England, has been chosen warden of Christ's College. NEW ZEALAND. Before dispersing for the holidays Ministers held meetings in Cabinet daily in Wellington, at which, it is understood, it was decided that the most rigid economy must be practised. The falling revenue and the strong objection which exists to any increase in taxation, together with the narrow escape which the last loan had of being a failure, has made it very doubtful whether another loan would float at all, and in view of this a general curtailment is to be made in the works now in progress, and those which it was proposed to go on with are to be held over to a very great extent for the present The Wellington agents of Sir George Grey recently offered Kawau Island for sale to the Government but the latter replied that they had no funds at disposal for such a purchase The Dunedin Chamber of Commerce have passed a most emphatic protest against the proposal to float a loan of 276 000 in London to construct a second and larger dock at Port Chalmers, on the grounds that the present and prospective trade of the port does not warrant the belief that the dock would pay interest on cost of construction, that the security offered for the proposed loan is in sufficient, that the statistics given in support of the scheme are illusory, and that the good name of the colony demands that the chamber should take steps to defeat an attempt which, if successful, would materially damage the credit of the colony in the English money market It was decided to cable the resolution passed to the agent general Mr J L Coster, M L A, and recently managing director of the New Zealand Shipping Company, died on December 17 A disastrous conflagration occurred at Napier on December 18, devastating an area of two acres, and destroying the finest blocks in the town, the damage being estimated at f 60,00 The fire originated in the back of the premises of Messrs Banner and Liddle, auctioneers, Tennyson street, and spread with great rapidity Before the flames were extinguished 20 buildings were destroyed in Tennyson and Emerson streets In Wellington, on December 19, the New Zealand Cross was presented to Lieutenant Colonel M Donnell by His Excellency Sir William Jervois. 'The ceremony took place at Government House, in the presence of several members of the Ministry, Major General Whitmore, and the garrison officers. His Excellency read from the (Gazette a proclamation of the achievements during the Maori is or for which Colonel M'Donnell had been awarded the decoration The cross was specially made in England, and is a very handsome piece of work The agents of the Shaw, Savill, and Albion Company have received instructions from London authorising them to make contracts for one or two years for the carriage of frozen meat at 4d, per lb. The Minister of Justice has received a letter from Mr. Howard Vincent, congratulating him on New Zealand being the country that has led the way in bringing a 1 fruit Offenders' Probation Act into force Mr Vincent expresses the hope that the Imperial Government will take the measure up, and that ere long it will be law in the old country There are now nine persons on probation in New Zealand, and the reports are favourable regarding their behaviour The election for a aitemata, a seat rendered vacant by the death of Mr Hurst, resulted in the return of Mr Monk, who is generally opposed to the policy of the present Government NEW GUINEA. Some correspondence has passed between the Premiers of Queensland, New South Wales, and Victoria with respect to the recent communication from the Colonial Office in London on the subject of the future government of New Guinea. On December 16 Sir S. Griffith, Premier of Queensland, telegraphed as follows : " After consider- ing the replies from Sir P. Jennings and Mr. Gillies as to New Guinea, I propose to modify the reply to the following effect :-' That the ' Governments who offer a guarantee are satisfied, after a full consideration of the actual circumstances and conditions of New Guinea, that the proposed expenditure of £115,000 a year for the first few years will be amply sufficient to enable the country to be opened up and order to be maintained that the colonies have no idea of casting any ultimate or future charges upon Great Britain, it being fully understood that all the charges, after the initial contribution, must be borne by the colonies or New Guinea itself, but. that the Australian Parliaments are not willing to give a perpetual guarantee by act of Parliament for a fixed period, and for a strictly defined form of administration while the matter is in an experimental state. Further, they are not willing to give any guarantee in the absence of information as to how the money contributed is to be applied. The existing condition of affairs is unsatisfactory, and likely to lead to serious difficulties in the way of the future establishment of a settled Government, inas- much as the absence of any provision for maintaining order or punishing offences may lead to reprisals, the effects of which will be serious and lasting; they wish to inquire whether a short extension of the term of the proposed guarantee say, to seven years would meet the objections of the Imperial Government; and to suggest that a formal recognition of their permanent obligations by the Australian Governments may be accepted as a sufficient basis for a settlement of the question.' Please favour me with your opinion." Sir Patrick Jennings telegraphed express- ing his full approval of this reply. Mr. John Douglas, special commissioner, reports that the Germans are pushing on their colonisation in Kaiser Wilhelmsland, and are spending as much each month as the British do in a year. FIJI. The yield of sugar from the New Zealand Association Company's Haiawai Estate at Ba lins largely exceeded expectations. Already 600 tons have been shipped away. A fortnight ago 1,200 tons were ready for shipment, and it was expected that the general yield would not be far short of 2,000 tons. The Attorney-General is engaged in codifying the numerous enactments bearing on the relations between master and servant on the sugar estates. A census has recently been taken of the European population of Levuka, the numbers being G-Men; 187 ; women, 115 : children, 102 ; total, 154. At the time of the hoisting of the British flag, the number was about 1,500 and the falling-off" is attributable to the removal of the capital. MONETARY AND COMMERCIAL, The A rains Office, Tuesday Evening., The H.M S. Shannon with the outward Australian mails, left the bay for London on 10th inst The passenger list was fairly well filled, and there was a good deal of cargo from Sydney and this port. The RMS. Clyde, with the English mails to date 12th ult, arrived on the 19th mat The Clyde accomplished a successful passage, and she brought a full complement of passengers. The R.M.S. Austral, with mails from London to the 10th alt, arrived early on the 21st Inst The Austral has on this occasion effected a quick passage, the mails having been landed at Adelaide in a little over 30 days, and in Melbourne in a little over 32 days. The Austral has made a still faster passage than this, but altogether it has been one of the most pleasant and successful in her record. Her passenger accommodation in all classes was fully taken up, and there was no sickness The li M S. Lusitania of the Orient line cleared out hence for London on the 28th inst. The Lusitania had not many passengers, but the freight was considerable, and Jame lines of wool, leather, Le , were shipped, 'This was in addition to the cargo taken in at Sydney. The refrigerating chamber was also filled with some 4,050 carcases of frozen meat About 500 of these were lambs, and it is expected that they will reach a good market 1 lia steamship Arabic, from London, with some 400 passengers for Melbourne and Sydney, arrived on the 10th Inst 'The steamship Essex, from London via Hobart, arrived on the 17th inst. On this occasion the Essex has come by way of the Cape route The steamship Bothwell Castle, which made her first appearance here some two or three years ago, arrived on the 10th mat On her present venture she is from Antwerp via London and Adelaide, and has come out under the flag of the Anglo Austral asian line 'The French mail steamship Caledonien, of the Messageries Maritimes, arrived on the 20th inst from Marseilles as the Suez Canal, Millie, Mauritius, and Adelaide, with mails, passengers, and cargo. The Caledonien is noted for invariably accomplishing her passages within contract date, and the present trip has not proved an exception to the rule. The Caledonien has a limited passenger list on this occasion, and ot the-14 for Melbourne Sydney, and Noumea, 21 were saloon, S were second saloon, and 15 were third clubs. During the past fortnight business has been quiet and the approach of the holidays has tended to check operations. Transac- tions have therefore been almost entirely confined to small parcels for ordinary trade requirements. The money market is easier, but the bank rates have not yet been lowered owing to the action of one of the banks in Queensland, which has stood in the way of complete unanimity) of all the banks carrying on business in these colonies. It is expected, however, that at a meeting of the banks to be held on the 6th proximo the proposed agreement will be completed, and that the rates will forthwith be reduced 1 per cent. The general surroundings of trade are encouraging, and after the close of the year increased activity is looked for, which will be materially assisted by an easier money market Good crops are now being harvested, both in Victoria and South Australia, which, with the large sums of money being sent from Great Britain, must assist in bringing down the rates. Besides this, stocks of nearly all articles in this colony are moderate, while shipments advised are considerably less than at the same time last year. A good demand would, therefore, cause a general advance in values, in and Since which is much needed, as goods are being sold in many instances at and under cost price. Since the departure of the last mail, tenders have been opened by the Railway Commissioners for the supply of 00,450 tons of steel rails and fish plates, for use on lines of railways now being constructed in different parts of the colony The lowest offer was that of Mr HE Bright (Messrs Gibbs, Bright, and Co ), at 44 17s 7d per ton June commissioner! of received two tenders for the manufacture and supply of 20 locomotive passenger engines and tenders, the lower being that for 150,800 of the Phoenix foundry Company The engines will be of the light passenger type, and are required to meet the great growth of traffic on both suburban and country lines, and will enable the department to relieve the pressure on the present rolling stock Actual, transactions reported have not been of much consequence. Bulk ales are moving off quietly at late rates, supplies still being light and holders firm For bottled ales and stouts a good demand continues, and sales are making freely at agents'' quotations In jute goods a moderate business is doing but comanche a fair inquiry has been experienced, but prices have not been maintained, though latterly, owing to the certainty of good crops, prices have been firmer Several parcels have changed hands at 4s 10d , but holders now ask 5s trade sales have been effected at up to 5s 3d For woolpacks there has not been much inquiry, and we have only heard of small parcels having changed hands at Is. 11d in bond for 1943 packs. Bran bags have recently been in better request, and some large lines are likely to change hands For candles a moderate demand continues Sales of Schiedam's are reported lit 4d in bond Colonial made are moving off steadily at manufacturers prices Coffee is firm at the late advance, stocks being very light For fish a moderate demand continues but few large parcels have been disposed of Salmon has had moderate attention A line of 2,500 cases has been taken up at a concession on late rates. Small parcels are quoted at up to '4s. 3d Sardines are steady, there being very little good fish offering We have only heard of a few hundred cases of halves and quarters having been disposed of at about late rates 1 fresh herrings are not quite so firm, and sales have been making at a coo-ees sion on by Ling is moving off steadily) at 43s Other descriptions have had moderate attention at current rates in the breadstuffs mar keenly limited business has been done For flour a little better demand has been experienced, millers being the principal operators Prices, however, do not show any change, and range from 30 to £10 Ga. for ordinary country made, and up to ill for town made Exports have shown a material falling off during the past few weeks. In wheat, although there has been a better inquiry, business has been of a restricted character Owing to the scarcity of stocks in town, prices for old wheat advanced up to 5s 4d , hut on the arrival of the new wheat, which has come forward more rapidly than was expected, prices again declined, and now from 4s. 9d to 4s 11d is quoted for old wheat The first small parcels of new wheat realised 5s. but as supplies came forward values declined day by day till at the close of last week 4s. 2d. was the best price obtainable, and that only for immediate delivery At this figure, however, no export business can be done here, unless the home market advances several shillings, which does not seem unlikely, but at the present prices offering from London buyers here could not give more than 3s 6d, and then only with a 25s. freight The quality of the new crop, as far as can be judged at present, is very good, being fine, well-tilled grain. This should tend to increase the value of our wheat in the English market For feeding grains there has not been much in quiry and transactions have been entirely confined to small parcels for ordinary trade requirements. Fruits have been in fair request. Currants till latterly have been in very short supply', but owing to recent arrivals prices have not been maintained, and have declined to 6d., at which figure large sales have been made, Raisins have been firm, and prices do not show any change during the fortnight For sultanas up to 6d. has been readily obtained, and good sales have been effected. Elemes have also had some attention at 5d to 6d. Hops have been in moderate request, but buyers have not been purchasing freely. Trade sales of Victorian have been effected at up to hOld. For Rents up to 1s. 10d. duty paid is quoted. Malt is moving off steadily at late rates, but no special sales have come under our notice. In metals there has not been much doing, the demand being confined to small parcels for ordinary trade requirements. Galvanised iron has had moderate attention at late rates, while fencing wire is also mov- ing off quietly at full prices. Other descriptions have not been in much request For oats there has been very little inquiry, and we have only heard of trade sales of the different descriptions at current rates For oilmen's store a good demand is experienced, and sales are making steadily at agents' prices. For once there has not been much inquiry, and no sales of any consequence have been reported. Salt IIIBO IS without much attention. A good demand has been experienced for augurs, and large lines have been changing hands at improving prices. Stocks here are very light, while, owing to the incessant rains in Queensland, the total output will be considerably reduced, so that shipments after this are expected to show a marked falling off. Ship, ments from Mauritius also are light, while prices there are dearer. In the face of these facts holders are now firmer, and have already obtained an advance of 10s for some descriptions, while a further advance is now asked. The prospects of the market certainly are in favour of holders, and buyers, by their larger operations recently, seem to anticipate higher prices before long. For tea a good demand has been experienced, and a large business has been done privately during the past fortnight at Slightly' better prices. Now that the season has closed holders show more firmness, and as stocks are moderate a line and rising market is looked for. Very little has been done in timber during the past fortnight, buyers not caring to purchase at this time of the year. Several shipments of Baltic that were forced on the market brought lower prices, but this is hardly a fair criterion of the position of the market In tobaccoes a moderate business is doing, and sales of the different brands are making steadily at full prices. Wines have been in fair request, but sales have been almost entirely confined to small parcels for actual wants In spirits, also, transactions have been chiefly of a limited character, for ordi- | nary trade requirements. Bulk Rates there has not been any change in these, though a reduction of 1 per cent is likely to take place about 6th or 7th of next month The rates at present stand as follow Discount on three months bills, 7 per cent per annum , beyond that currency, 5 per cent per annum. interest on over drawn accounts 9 per cent per annum. Interest on deposits stands at 4, 5, and 0 per cent for sums lodged for three, six, and 12 months respectively 1 exchange is again weaker, and fbrGOdnjs sight bills on London the rates are as follow Buying 15s per cent discount, and selling 6s per cent, premium. The latest dates received are as follow - from London, November 19. New York November 15 Calcutta, November 23 Mauritius, December 9 , Hong Kong November 11 foochow November Manilla, November 12 Batavia November 4 HANKS AND I'UUCfb COMPANIES The 17th annual meeting of the National Mutual Life Association of Australasia was held on December 15 at the offices of the association Market buildings. Mr E Lang t n chairman of directors presided. The chintin III in moving the adoption of the report pointed out that while only 11 months new business was shown in the rePort the expenditure attaching to 13 months business was shown in the revenue account The new business completed for the 11 months amounted to 11,080 102 or at the rate of £1 178 000 a year The mort they experienced was nunn light being only 77 per cent of the amount which might be expected under the association s tables The interest on investments has reached 133 000 being within 16 000 of the whole amount of claims paid during the year nndnaiecial examina turn of all the inv Mmentshul shame that even with the uhritiUuc,c > values I each had li ken place in some of the colonies the pro 1 events on which the association held more t, Lees were worth much more than the amount named in on them The funds had in creased 1 during, the year by the H Mr O A Mouritz seen in the motion which was carried on men usl) M nsrs 1 Fergusson 1 nine. and M ibrii) were re elected directors and Messrs Thompson and mulloch were re elected i auditors The third his of your) meeting of the share holders of the Mercantile 1 Finance Guarantee and Agency Com any was held on December 22 at the office of the company in Elizabeth street Mr G G Crespin, chairman of the company, presided, and there was a good attendance of shareholders. The chairman, in moving the adoption of the report and balance sheet, said He was sure it was grati- flying to the members that the directors should be able to present such a favourable result of the company's operations. During the post half year business had so increased that it had been found neces- Bar, to double the capital of the company The whole of the new issue of shares ud been subscribed for After providing for all rebates, bad and doubtful debts, and making good reserves forms contingencies, the handsome profit of A10.5SO14s. 3d has been brought down, added to which were the premiums received upon the new issue of shares, 4.0 200 making the gross profit for the halfyear £1,830 14s. 4d Out of this the directors recommended the payment of a dividend at the rate of 10 per cent per annum that £1,000 be written off goodwill that TO 500 be placed to the reserve fund (thus increasing it to £12 500) and that £2,80 2s. 3d be carried forward tone year Mr R U Benson seconded the motion, which was carried The fifteenth ordinary general meeting of shareholders in the Colonial Investment and Avenel Company was held at Scotts Hotel on December 20 Mr M H Davies, M L A, presided, and about 30 shareholders were present The chairman, in moving the adoption of the report and balance sheet, said the company had not only held its own, but bad steadily improved The paid up capital had slightly increased, and the deposits and interest had not decreased As during the last half year many financial institutions showed a considerable decrease in deposits, and as the leading banks had been giving a high rate of interest, it was satisfactory that this company had not gone back. There Bene fund stood at about £14,000, and it was now proposed to increase it to £15,000 With regard to the assets, the value of the freehold properties had been very carefully estimated It would be seen that the report recommended a dividend at 10 per cent an addition to the reserve fund offer, and the carrying forward of a balance to the credit of next half year of £4,832. Mr W H. Ellerker seconded the motion, which was unanimously agreed to MICE CURRENT All (bulk) 3 6. a. Ilasa'a. 8.0 0 Carlisle Company .... 7 100 Jl'Kiian's . 7 100 Aitken's . 7 0 0 Cooper and M'Leod .. G 10 I) Win. Younger and Co. SOC ALE (bottled) Foster and Son's Bugle Brand 0 It 0 Porter's Bulldog brand 0 100 Head Dresses Dog Head 0 100 Men and boys .... 0 10 6 Aitken's 0 11 0 Ita, bottled by Burke 0 10 !! M'Ewan's 0 100 Anglo 11.1 arlan 0 100 Bass's WheelBrand.. 0 100 Aitchcson'a .. _ 000 Blood's 0 0 0 Hall's Boar's Head .. ..OVO Wm. Younger and Co. ECHO T P. Gillen. 0 0 0 Cooper and M'Lood'a 0 « 0 St. Louis Lager Beer .. Oil 0 linseed.. 0 0 0 Tennent's Ale, quarts 10s.; late as. Od. STOre (Bulk) (Guinness's. 7 100 Wm. Y-ounjroraud Co. 7 0 0 STOUT (Bottled) Edmond's Pig brand 0 10 8 Porter's' Bulldog 0 100 Guinness's bottled by Burke 0 10 3 Bend Bros.' Bulldog 0 10 3 Guinness's, bottled by IS. II. Foster. 0 100 Hall's boar's Head (stone) OVO Guinness's, bottled by Stone and Sons. 0 100 Blood Wolfe's .. 000 Guinness's, bottled by Wooles, Blood, and Co... 0 100 Guinness's Wheel brand 0 10 3 O'Urion'a Dagger brand .. OVO Guinness's, bottled by E. Johnson and Co. 0 10 3 Torment 0 in 0 SAOS, Uiaaisa (In bond) Bran bags. 0 3 To Gunny do. (Free) .. 043 Cornsacks. 0 4-11 Madagascar pockets Old Woolpacks, life. (In bond) 0 1 11 Do 10 lb. 0 18 OAIULBS Neva Stearine 0 0 OA Sollledain 0 0 66 De Roubaix, Odeukovcn, and Co. 0 0 03 Brauoon . U 0 (Jj Orient Persons 0 0 S Goode's 0 0 til Apollo (colonial) .. "OOllj Do., Comet do .... o o Bl Kitchen's Patrolling, do. Do. Star brand, do... 0 0 O',.. \- - - 66 .. Do. Carriage Do. Bedroom. 0 0 Bj Do. Until 0 0 S} OBSIKNT Gosling's .... 0 12 0 Knight, Bevan's 0 12 0 White's j 0 12 0 Lighthouse. 018 0 Warren. 3 6 0 PLASTER American staff.. 0 13 0 CHEMICALS Caustic Soda. 70 per cent.. 13 0 0 silicate soda. 100 0 "10 100 Tartaricnold.0 1 Vi .. - Cream of tartar 0 1 39 .. - Iloiversofsulphur.. 34 0 0 ..' - Prepared opium .... 1 2 0 .. 1 5 0 Gllicoin In the..' 0 0 6.. In other packages .... U 6 4 .. - OoFKr« (in bond) Ceylon Plantation No. I 0 0 0 10 .. - Java 0 0 83 .. - Other kinds, up to 0 0 V .. - UosrECTio">rav Victoria assorted 0 0 61 .. -- Candied peel 0 75 0 0 0 86 Jujubes, unto .. store.. - COIIDAOS Best Manilla hemp, View torlan.iuade, up to .. SS 0 0 .. - Do do than. to Jin 06 0 0 .. - Do. do. flat ropoa,accordlnir to size 78 0 0 81 0 0. New Zealand flax ropes 200.. - ' Do. do., cordage sizes 276., - Hay talunga 12 0 .. - Seaming; the line .. store.. - Shop twine .. _ ? 0 0 10 0 1 0 FISH- > Paddocks 9.8 0 100 Herrings, Kippered, 1lb. tins '.. _ 0 0 100 0 0 100 Do., Well, In barrels 170.. - Do. do. In kits .. ECHO.. 2 Do, Albatross .... 0 D 0 0 0 8.0 Ling (news 0 46 .. - Cod(Araorlcam 0 0 25 .. -' Lobsters, Jib. tins'.. 0 SI 0 o 0 0 9 Oysters, 1lb. tins 003.. - Salmon, listing (American) 0 0-3 .. - Do. salt 0 0 21, 0 0 0 3 Sardines (halves) 0 0 7 9. 0 8 in Do. (quarters) " - . - Bran Pollard 0 10.. - Oatmeal, Victorian.. WOG. - Pearl barley. 17 0 0 18 18 0 0 Wheat, prime old 0 4 6 2. 6 4 6 Do., do. new .. 042.. 5 Oats New Zealand, in bond ..020.. - Miling-, Victorian, free.. 0 8 0.. - Victorian feed 0 0 2 0 0 210 Capoborta.0 2 4 0 0 2 Barley Martin; 0 3 0 0 0 4 0 Cape, fodder,' .... 0 2 10 0 0 3 3 Maize 00 day Victorian .... 036-088 Peas. "038.. - FRUIT Currants 0 0 0 " _ Fife, clear, in his. boxes 0 0 4 6 0 i 0 Dates (new), boxes 0 0 0 4 0 0 0 5 Jordan almonds 0 1 U 0 1 To Raising Muscatels, layers, prime .. 0 1 0 .. 0 1 3 Romolo O 66 L. O O fil French prunes (bottles) 0 0 1 C. 0 1 19 Sultana 0 0 63 .. - Dried apples O E.. O O 6 QUNPOWIIRK Curtis and Harvey's .. O 0. 63 .. - Hall's Blasting .... 0 1 Uj .. _ Kalmcs's does 0 at .. - Sharp's down 0 66 .. - Here- I Ivoilt(1886), duty paid .. 0 1 0 0 0 1 Tasmanian (ISSU), In bond., 0 0 0.. - Victorian (1886) 0 0 0 8 0 0 0 0 Do. (lbSO) 0 0 0 7 0 0 0 10 Bavarian (1885) .... 0 1 0 0 0 1 j Mass English (new) 0 0 6 .. 011 of Victorian to li » .. O O O METALS Galvanised Iron, best brands 16 O 0 17 17 0 0 Pig iron 3 7 0 .. a 15 0 bar and rod iron .... 8 0 0 8 8 100 blast from, Nos. 3 to 18 .. 0 0 0 .. 11 100 Hoopiron 100 .. 100 0 Fencing wire, according to brand and number 8 100 0 16 O Pig lead 10 0 0 10 100 Lead shot. £8 Û 0 .. 110, 0 0 sheets lead. 200 0 .. - Whituleatl.2S 100 .. - muntz metal 0 0 Si .. - I>ebanks'nails .... 10 per cent, off list French decks 16 0 0 0 10 of American down 18 0 0 0 19 0 Collins and Sharp's heavy axes. 2 IS 0 .. - Ames's shovels 2 100 - Days' D.Ue shovels, 34in. to 30in 0 0.. - Other makers' do., do. 1 100 ,, I follow are 30 to 37) p. e. oil list Zine 21 0 0 .. - tinplates, IXcoko 0 22 a 0 2 6 Do, IUcoko.0 17 0 0 0 18 0 Do. IC charcoal .... (i Sir H. 0 21 0 OILS Linseed, boiled 111 bulk (D L'.) ROSE.. - Do, 15 drums .... 0 3 3 .. < Ohio, In bulk (U.V.) "048.. - Do, In drums .. "040.. - CoUa. in drums (duty paid) 0 4 0.. - Do. (In bulky 8 7.. - turpentine do., do " .. 0 3 10 " - Chinese, In tins (In bond) 0 8 0.. - Castor, in cases (in bond).. 0 12 7 the 2 0 Palm (freely 0 Of... 28 0 0 Cwl(Ireu).0 ii 6 ,.' 0 8 7 Cocoanut 27 0 6-1 87 100 Whalers 100 " 2- I KEHUSSVS (In bond)- J , -'! . Aurora 0 0 10 .. -F J -' comes 0 10 .. -. "Diamond's 0 10 .. - "Light of theAge,"160deB. M 0 1.. - Crystal, lSOdeg. .. "014...- < Anchor, 120deg, test .. 0 1 4 0 0 1 al Orang STORES Black currant jellies 0 1 Red Cross lib. Jams 0 Cairns's marmalade.. 0 Keiller's 0 Salad oil, a and B. quarts 1 So., do. pints .. _ 0] So., do. half-pints " 0 Sa, Morton's pints.. 0 1 So., do. bail do. 0 Castor oil, plants 0 Be., half do.. 6 Sauces, according to brands 0 Holbrook's Worcester sauce 0 So. pint pickles 0 8<vlssmllk. 0 Scandinavian do., Paris . gold medal brand.. 0 Capera. 0 Bryant and May's vestas 0 Falmcr'Bdo.. 0 It Bell's do.. 0 Ball and Black's do. 0 Colman's mustard, Tiberius 0 So. do., 2lb. tins .. "060.. - Bo. DSF, lb, tins 2001, - Do. do., lb. tins 0 18 S " - Keen's DSF, lib. Uns 0 18 3 " - So do., Jib. tins .. "003.. - So. do., Jib. tins .. "004.. - Bo. Durham. 7lb. tins of O B .. - Victorian prepared mustard, in boxes.010 6 .. - per lb. Do. do., 4lb. tins .. "012.. - So. do., 7lb. tins " "012.. - Victorian cocoa, according quality 0 0 0 " 0 1 0 Taylor's cocoa " 013.. - Fry'eooooa.0 13.. - Fry's double soluble choco- late 0 12.. - Victorian chocolate.. " 0 1 1 " 0 1 3 Robinson's patent groats 0 0 0 0. - Colman's white and blue starch 0 0-6 - Orlando Jones's do. v. 0 0 6 .. - Hermann's rice starch .. O 0 11 - Harvey and Neville's do. 0 0 0 44 0 0 6 Lewis and Whitty's white and blue dog 0 4),.. - So. square blue " 006.. - Colman's throbbing 0 Oils.. - Keen's Oxford Blue.. "000.. - Sago and tapioca .. 0 0 0 13 0 0 J macaroni and vermicelli "008.. - Black pepper 0s.. - Whttocto. 0 1 OF 0 1 1 Gelatine 0 4-8 " 012 0 Vinegar, bottled .. 0 0 5 0 0 7 B Holbrook's pure malt wine Do. best pale,: Do. "Globe" Do. "Household" .... : QoicMM.vi in- lb bottles . KICK New Patna (In bond) .. : Japan dressed (duty paid).. : Patria, old (duty paid) .. '. SALT Liverpool coarse Do., fine . London moved for . Book (duty free) SUGAR (duty paid) Crushed loaf, Dutch .. White, came to finest .. ! Do., medium.' China whites, fine to finest American granulated I Brewing crystals, fine to finest in Yellows, fine to finest .. '? Brown.. 1 Buttons .] Victorian Sugar Company's (duty paid) No. 1 No. 2 .. No. 3, XsAs(m4iond) Jfoocbow : Low common leafy Common to ordinary Ordinary to medium Medium to fine .. Fine to finest Choice . Kaisow, buds, come Do., One. S. O. Pekoe, com. Do., Do. Do., Canton make Indian : Broken leaf Pekoe Souchong A Pekoe . Orange pekoe .... fRuotta American Lumber Clear pine, according to size and quality 1 W.P.T. and G. ceiling 1 Shelving 1 Baltic and Scotch Flooring died, OxlJ, T. and G. Do., 64, do. Do., Ox j, do so., Oxi, do beaded Do., 9 x 3, do, do. Weatherboards White, Ox 1t, and 0. .. Do., U I, do. Do., do, do. Do., Ox 5, do. Do., 9 x 3, do., do. Do., 6 x, do., do. Weatherboards. Baltic Red Deals 64,08. 0 0 01 .. 0 0 Of 0 0 .... 0 0 8 0 0 8 2. 0 0 0 0 0 0.0. 0 0 11 0 fell .. Oil 0 1 2 0 0 1 a 17 0 0 10 10 12 8 680 11s 8x3,7x8,7x51.. Oregon Timber spruce deals and battens .. Blackwood logs, according to alto and quality Kauri logs. Sawn hardwood .... ¿tolIACCOBS ColonlaNiuadc : Common to best.. Rheingold Cigars (D.D.).. Imported : Common quality fretwork Twists: Bacon St Andrew's Black Hawk Aromatic : Victory .. Dark Navies : TuoScas .. Tennent's .. Queen of the Seas Black Hawk Cigars: Manilla cheroots .. Nuevo Havana .. Genuine Havannah Ormond's (Swiss).. 0 0 14 0 0 1 01 0 0 1 110 1 11 1 11 0 12 0 1 4 , 13 0 0 .. SO 0 0 WINKS (Bulli) Port Very superior .... Good old. Good . Hunt's . Spanish Bed Miguel de Souza Queens, 4 to 5 Diamond.. Hutcheson's \- Sherry Superior. Medium and good Common. Duff, Gordon, and Co... Bnarra Brandy, bulk Hennessy's, 1878 .. Martell's, pale, 1878.. Otard's. 1876. to, 1878 . llarrl&sson;'». Marrett's Dents Mount's 2. Wine Distillers'Co... Champagne vineyards ' . Jules Robin's, 1878.. 00 0 0 100 0 0 18 0 0 200 0-27 0 0 " 600 9.30 0 0 110 0 0 34 0 0 140 0 0 0 17 0 0 15 a 0 15 0 0 11 0 French . Bisquit Duboulay of City's.. La Grande Marque .. Pinet Castillon Boisson Everes Muukowa G and T. Bacon's .. Vinegrowers'. Lucien Bcllot'a Associated Vineyards' Associated Vineyards', old Olfl- S 0 12 3 oz 6 6 5 6.. - lTVmtor'a . Richard and Muller's Oaspard's . Clouzeau . Brandy, case- A Hennessy's case .... \ Do., three star Martell's, one star .. Do., three star Otard's . Denis Mounio's .... Meukow'a ,. Marrett'. Lucien Bcllot's Lucien Foucauld .. Da, three-star .. QQ .. Richard and Muller's .. La Grande Marque .. Other brands.. Elim Lemon Hart's. .... lt.W.P. . DemcfaraOld .... Lamb's Queensland. Geneva JDKZ. Blanckenberg and Noleu'a Key. Vandenburg Bell .. Mecui's Key Brand.. .. Whiskies- ' Thom and Cameron's (new) Do. (old) . John Ross's .. Ballachulish. Glenvarloch. Dunville's. Win. Jamieson's Kirker, Greer, and Co.'s Loch Dmi case .. Do., Imp. quarts .. Shamrock. Want's. Do. cases .. , .. Do., imp. quarts' .. Young, King, and Co.'s bulk. Do., Brian Boru, case Kucore, bulk. Do., case . Standard, In bulk .. ' Do., In case. Planet brand, old valted ,. Ford's Castle Brand, new .. Do. do., and. Walker's bulk Da case . Usher's old Glenlivet Do., Special Reserve Innes and Grieves's.. Do. Old Uam Var .. Dunville's case Royal Blood H Lorne .. St Mungo, bulk 3 12 3 3 0 5 5 as. 0 18 0 0 12 0 0 13 0 Do., Thistle Blend.. Mitchell's " Bull .. Cork Distillery 0 18 0 18 0 18 0 8 0 100 to 12 1 18 Sir Robert Burnett's Old Tom Wolfe's Schnapps STOCK AND SHARE LIST. DEC. 23. 278100 Viet. Oov. 0 per cents., due 1889 312000 Viet, (Jor. 5 per cents., due 1894 042881 Viet. Gov. 4 per cent stock.. . 100000 Melbourne Corporation 6 per cent 176000 Melbourne Corporation 5 per cent 200000 Metropolitan Gas 5 per cent. 157000 M. and HILLE. Railway O percent 152000 M. and LIEU. Hallway 6 per cent. 2000 NowSouth\Valca5percont,duo 10021 600000 New Zealand 4 per cent. 500000 Queensland 4 per cent. 1310550 Queensland six per cent. 22 PtlDLlG CovirAKlES. II 1Ï551 6000 25000 400250 SO0O0O 1000000 500000 175000 1000000 1500000 1IW0000 1000000 720000 500001 S5000 14801 2980 30214' OD 210] 50000 1856 5000 40000 44030 15218 200000 4000ft Mtgc. Bank Bal. Bank. Limit. It Do., new issue Oj Colonial of Austral.] I o Commercial of Australia (Limited) .. 4 National of Austral.) 20 New South Wales! ". Victoria (More. ( Do. (London ret;. 1 Land Mortgage 10 Sew Zealand Union ilOjAustralasla .. as London Chartered of Australia English, Scottish, opens Chartered. City of Melbourne. Federal of Australia! GAS COMPANIES. Ballarat Bendigo ¡Ca.'-.lornalue.. paylcsford(Lllhltcd) Geelong Metropolitan l-SSiruAXCR. Australian Alliance! National Fire Inbur. Southern Insurance Victoria Life As Gen. 210. 1551E 170s. 52 35 211s. 150s. USA (Limited).. Gippsland Steam N. H.Uoklsbrou-rh&Co.; Trustees, Executors, and Agency . Co-operative Ice Co. 2 Aust Mortgage and! j Agency 3 Castlemaine Brewery Melbourne Brewing! j and Malting [MelbouruoTiam and Omnibus Mutual Store Terry's West. End ] Brewery .. Equitable Co-operate! five Society RAILWAYS. Deniliquin seasonal 21s. Mrs. I S Including bonus REVIEW OF THE STOCK AND SHARE -MARKET Notwithstanding the approach of the Chris time the d New Year holiday season the share market continues fairly active until Friday, 24th, when the toe It Exchange adjourned to the 6th Tasman Firm prices have ruled in most cases Majorca companies are Wither, and Sandhurst, t companies have had more attention than for some t time past butwithoutleodlng to much business MR er to mean sea have been very largely dealt in and close at advanced prices, though not maintaining full advance Investment stocks without change generally but Tramway and Omnibus shares close firm at improved prices. The following are the closing bad leg and feet) In cr quotations and prices of sales effected during the fortnight - Debentures Victorian Government four per cents (stock) sales £100 1 Banks. Australian Deposit and Mortgage (£25 paid) seller 236 Australian? Freehold Banking corporation (£2 10s. shares) seller 52s Ballarat, buyer £7 lbs City of Melbourne, sales 50s 6d to 30s Colonial sales £10 10s. to £10 11s. Commercial, sales 77 10s to £7 16s 6d 1 Federal, sales 65s. 6d to 6lbs 6d Land Credit, buyer 30s., sales 30s Land Mortgage sales "11s. to 20% 0d Mercantile sales 4ds to 45s National, Melbourne register. Bales £8 17s. to £8 17s. 6d is a total, Adelaide register, sites £8 US (kt National, Queensland buyer £8 134 New South Wales, sales £52 6s to £52 10s Royal Bank of Queensland sales 74s Union, buyer 100, seller 102 Victoria, buyer £35 Gas -Bendigo seller £7 5s Brighton seller 27s 6d Footscray, but er £9 suttor 44s. Metropolitan seller £12 16s., Bales £12 16s Queenscliff, seller 20s Willlatnbtown seller 11s Insurance Australian Alliance buyer 38s. Colonial Mutual Ure, bale at. 8d . seller in National Fire, sales 12s 6d Southern, seller 25s. 6d United Australian, seller Is. 6d Breweries, c Brewing and Mai tine (Melbourne), sales 70's. Cascade (Hobart) buyer 14s Castlemaine (Melbourne sales Six to als. Gd Castlemaine (Sydney), buyer 25s, seller 27s. Lindsay's, teller less Perkins' (Queensland) takes 14s. to 21s. 9d do (new) buyer at 9d seller 22s 6d Tankard Malting, sales 10s West- end (Melbourne), but IT 29s, seller 30s. 6d Trustees and Executors' Companies Perpetual Executors and Trustees buyer 21s seller as Trustees, Executors and Agency, buyer 57s J , seller 50s Union Trustees buyer 15s., seller 16s Miscellaneous - Australasian Mortgage and Agency, buyer 45s., seller 45s 6d LodeeTaverns buyer's Cd sellers 6d Colonial Investment and Agency (£1 paid), sales 21s. 6d do (new, 10s. paid), sales 10s 3d Deniliquin and Moama Railway, seller 33s Dalgety and Co , buyer £5 7s. 6d sales £5 us. Douglas and Sons seller 40s, Equitable Co operative seller 3s Freehold Investment and Banking sales 65s. to f 0s 1 Federal Coffee 1 place, sales 4s 6d Grand Coffee Palace, sales 30s. Langlands Foundry, seller 26s Melbourne Ferma went Building buyer £5103., seller £5 13s 6d Melbourne Storage, buyer 27s Mercantile Finance, and Guarantee (ex div ) sales 34s Modern Permanent Building Society, seller £6 2s 6d Mont de Plate, sales 7s. 6d Mutual Store rates 523 Newcastle Coal, sales £17108. New Northcote Brick, sales 7s New Zealand Loan and Mercantile, seller 20s. North cote Brick, sales 10s 6d Opera house, teller 00 Permewan, bright, and Co, buyer 16s t seller 13s Premier Building, sales £5 li. Goldsbrough and Co, buyer 21s. Squatting Investment seller 14s Theatre Kora!, seller 28s Tramway and omnibus, salts 28s to 34s Victoria Coffee Palace seller 20s. 6d Victorian Permanent Building Society sales £0 10s. Westport Coal, buyer 143., seller 17s V M'Culloch and Co . buyer SH , seller 4s Silver and Tin Mines Broken hill, sales £87 to £82 10s to £60 to £83 10s Broken Hill South (paid), sales 10s to his 6d. Broken hill (contributing) sales 7s. 6d Broken hold Central, buyer's Broken hill Junction, sales tax to 11s 3d to 7s to 7s 6d Day Dream sales 5s 6d to 7s. 6d North Broken hill, Sales 6s 9d to 9d to 7s. 3d 1 lunacies Tribute, bales 3s to 4s. to 8s 9d Round hill, sales 64s. to 65s, to 72s to 79. Gold Mines Ballarat, Castlemaine Stawell, to - Australasian and Eaglehawk sales 8s. to 10s. Band and Albion Consols, calves 18s to 21s. Berry Consols, buyer £5, seller £6 12s 6d Black Horse United, sales 22s 6d Buninyong?) state, seller 12s, 6d Chalks sales 64s to 65s Chalks No 1, sales 18s 6d to 18s 6d Chalk's Estate sales 8s. 6d Cum borland Block, seller 14s the Day Dawn No 4A, sales 10s. to 15s. Duke (Timor) Rates 12s to 10s. J 1 Golden Stream, sales in aid to 4s. 6d to 2s 6d Hepburn Estate, sales 72s. to 75s hong Meng, sales 75s. to 77s Long tunnel, sales £08 to £07 Long Tunnel Extended sales, £8 2s 6d to 58 7s. 6d Lubra (Charters love is), gales 10s Lord Harry, buyer 45s., boiler 50s Madame Berry, sales £11 us God to £14 Midas, sales 76s to 74s Midas Consols, sales 8s 6d Napier, Bales 60s to 31s. 6d New Boehh o, sales 30s totals New Longfellow, sales 6s 6d to 8s New Koh I floor, sales 6s. 6d to be, to 7s. 3d North Cornish, buyer 30s North Long Tunnel, buyer 8s. 6d Queen's Birthday Dunolly, buyer 29s. do (new issue), seller 22s South Clunes sales 15s formed Star of the East sales 6d to 45s to 47s 3d loom bon seller £5 Unity, Inglewood sales 5s. 6d to 7 to 0s and Victory, Charters Towers, sales 10s West Lor Li Hi, sales 8s, 6d Sandhurst Great extended Hercules, ealejGs 4d to 2s Golden Pi lo, bales 0s Od Lazarus sales Ha. Gd Pearl sales "s by Rose of Denmark, in view 10 0d SHIPPING FOR THE 1 OKLNIGUF. PORT OF MELBOURNE A URI VAIA /v-pCrsAttANCES SINCE OUR LAST SUUIUR. [A American Au , Austrian B , British , B A British A Duncan Belg, Belgian , Bo , Bolivian , Br, Brazilian , Ch Chilian D, Dutch, Da, Danish , F , branch , G. , German , I, Italian , N , Norwegian, P, Portuguese, Pr, I mean. R,, Russian, S , Swedish Sp , Spanish , sh , ship, bq , barque, bg, orig, Belt schooner, is a., steamer J Aiutiyrn Dec. 19 Archie, B s.s, 4 368, G Burton, Loudon Dargo ty and Co Limited 17 EBSOX, B B a., 2 566, H Longley, Londoners Siddeley and Co 17\. Skandia S bq t 070, R. W Waldstrom, Sunds wall-Martur 18\. Bothwell Castle B 8,8. 2 542 B Ja Tod, and were, 5s James Service and Co 18 Jerfalcon, B. bch , 285 J Murdoch, Malden Island Grade, Swan river, and Co 10 Clyde, UMS S., 4,2aL A. E. Edmonds, ILES R , London, A George Withers 10 Swanmore B bq, 1,321, T Brown, Liverpool - Lorimer, Hoare and Co 10 William Le Lacheur, B bq , 671 J A Veitch, Puget Sound -High U Field and Co 10 Imacoi it bq , 677, O Mizen, Frederick stand - O Komol e. 10 Ophir, N bg , 477, S Simonsen, Frederickstad - Master 20 Elliott, B bq, 1,110, A. M'Kaj.Lo-don-Robert Dickins and Co CO Comans, in, bq, 503, W. Gordon, Laurvig - Master. 21 Glenbervie B bq , BOO, T F Groundwater, Hull George Watson 21\. There, is. bq, 030, M C Olsen, Sundswall - Master 21 Carl Roth, G bq 023 E Hall Port Louis, Mau rlthiB -Chas. Jacobs and Sons 22\. Austral, K.M S D A Charlton, London via Plymouth Gibbs, Bright and Co. 20 Caledonien, II ss. 4 J H de Maubeuge, Mar sellers, tu Dalgety and Co CLEARED OUT Dec 15 Afghan, n s s, 1430 O from, London, via Ade laide Jas Henty and Co 15 J C Warns b bq, 00, II Warns, Java-Dal grey and Co 10 Shannon, R M S S 2 102 J LOL an Parfitt, London c- G Withers 10 Delmira, B. sub, 28 T li Robson. Malden Island -Grice Sumner, and Co 16 Rodney, B soh , 117, A J outfit, London -W Crosby and Co 17 Pallas N tq, 000, Thos Petersen, Antwerp C A minis. 20 Patrician, A sh I 213 J E Rcuucj, Los ton -Couch", Calder, and Co 21 Royal Alfred, B bq , LESS, David James, Java. H S Chapman nails, B br V J Henty and Co 23 Aracan, S bq , H, F Hedberg, Guam -Dalgety and Co 21 bUclmorllc ß sh , 1,623, Geo UatHilay, London J. H White and Co 24\. Wilhelm', N. bq., 69), A. Haag, Corinto. J, W. Marshall and CO. 24\. Lusitania, R.M.S., 3.825, J. F. Ruthven, London, ate Gibbs, Bright, and Co.. PORT OF GEELONG. CLEARED OUT. Dec. 15\. Loch Garry, B, ?h., 1,433, James Home, London. Strachan, Murray, Shannon, and Co. SHIPS CLEARED OUT WITH COLONIAL PRODUCE. DEC. 15. Afghan, for London via Adelaide. 5,022 his wool, and 21 bls leather. DEC 16. Shannon, R.M.S., for London, via Colombo. 1,090 bls wool, 193 bls leather, 100 bls skins, 778liiL'Ota tin, 20 cases wine, 10 cs wine, 10 cks roans, 33 bxs soap, 4 bxs son reigns (value £3,020), and 58 css merchandise and effects. Delmira, for Malden Island bls bags, 9 bags flour, 25 kegs sauce Kraut, 2 csks tallow, 500 sleepers, 4 pkgs tobacco, 30 pkgs oilmen's stores, groceries, and provisions, 11 pkgs furniture, 2 pkgs merchandise. Rodney-, for London. 5,217 bls wool, 698 pipe tallow, 20 cs bitters, 12 pkgs merchandise and effects. DEC. 17. villas, for Antwerp.-2,823 bls wool. DEC. 20. Patrician, for Bostonian pkgs nails, 27 pkgs pig's bristles, 22 bls straw blinds, 3,540 bls wool, 7 pkgs merchandise DEC. 22. Glamis, for London. 5,000 bls wool, 300 pipe tallow, 231 cks office. DEC. 24. Scotia, for Guam (additional clearance). 712 pipe tallow. Skelmorlie, for London. 100 tons phosphates, a quantity of horns and bones, a quantity of old iron rails, 300 cases oil, 0,109 his wool, 50 bls leather, 902 bags bark. 20 bls scrolls, 257 pps 243 pkgs tallow. Lusitania, for London brls 8 cks salted skins, 20 csks Loans, 4 hhds wine, 4 drums eucalyptus oil, 4,040 carcases frozen mutton, 1 box sovereigns (value £1,200), 2,235 his wool, 58 bia basile, 1,348 bags bark, 74 his leather, 18 his skins, 22 pkts merchandise and effects. PORT OF GEELONG DFC 15 Loch Garry, for London £7 SSO bls wool, 4 cs per- sonal effects, 170 bls basils, 102 bls scrolls 32 bls flock, 11 bls opossum skins, (3 bls sheepskins, 182 pts tallow PASSENGERS BY AND SINCE THE DE I'Aurunc or a ULE LAST MAIL, DFO ia Shannon, R.M S S , (or London c Saloon For Madras Mr A. Nicholson for Bombay- Mrs. Calder, child and infant Mrs Henry, four children, and infant, Mrs Mackenzie, the children and infant. Masters Mackenzie (to o) Mr and Mrs. Henry Douglas Henry Leonard Messrs J. Austin li Abbott, and J J Kelly and son For London Mr and Mrs. J narrow, Mr and Mrs. Trist On dear Mar tin-can Bro A H Brinton infant, and no rice Miss Napier, Misses Buckland (two) Messrs J J bec, 0 C Mackenzie, Paul Rochussen Um. Maddock, O Maddock, Louis Robin Mackenzie, and J Chandler Dec 24 Lusitania, for London, via Suez and Naples. Saloon Dr and Mrs Read, Mr Wright, Mrs. White house Mrs Lucas Itov b Keogh, C It Plumby Mr and Mrs. Sharman, Mr and Mrs Hammond, and his second and 45 third class. PASSENGER LIST OF P AND O. COMPANY. Sfa HOME. The following is the list of passengers booked from Melbourne per Rome, leaving December 30, 1886 Fortuna on-Mr Stimpson, Misses Simpson (two), Miss Campbell, Mr and Mrs. Walker Mrs O Doan has, Mr Douglas, Mrs. John Back to, Mrs. and Miss Loutit,, Mr Weller Mr E. D Miles, Miss Blue, Tier and Mrs. Thistle, Mr Freeman, Mr Coombs, Mr &. T Duncombe, Mr and Master Gilles, Alias Gillie, for Venice Mr and Mrs. Castella, Miss Castella Maxtor Castella five children and infant, Miss Panton For Calcutta Mr and Mrs and Miss Blaine for Suez Mr Philip Russell For Colombo Marquis and Marchioness of Stafford and two servants, Lord Tar hot SALES OF PROPERTY. Messrs. C. J and T Ham report the sale of the following properties -Melboune, Flinders lane east, cornerofColllQBpts.ee land 18ft x 7*81t10¿ln , with building thereon, LO 400 , Dwt Melbourne, Hotham street land 30ft x 32ft 6in , £1/200 also Hotham street, land 9ft x SClt (Jin , £30 , part of allotment 10, of section 6 city of Melbourne, having a frontage of M ft, to Flinders lane by a depth of shaft, and brick warehouse thereon, £10 000 , South Melbourne allotment 32, section 00, £207 , Richmond Fanny street, land 60ft Hin x 165ft, varying to taste, with three brick shop) thereon, As 000 , Richmond, Lnn street land 150ft. x 198ft J. 150 , l Hero Urana stock street, corner of Newry street, land aOit Otu x 60ft, with two brick shops thereon, £1,72 , Fitzroy, George street land 60ft x 95ft li n , with four brick Milan thereon, i 1500 , Mornington, land 200 acres being Crown portion No 1, pat pat of Moorooduc Li 700 , Mornington, 120 acres, being part of Crown portion 16 4.1 943 Mornington Mount Eliza, last 108 acres, £540 , Kensington, a ight s i addock Extension, -I allotments LI FOR the. Od , East St Kilda, Oakleigh hall Estate, 24 a I lo tinents fronting Dandenong, Alma, Orrong and Lansdowne road, £18 900 10s 11d Armed alo, boundary road land On Mr Jip, "3 097 19s. 4d , frankston Datcrj a preemptive right land 23a. Sr 26p , was 10s. 6d I Frankston, allotment 24 section island 22 Or 8p Lot, Mal vern find it Or acp , £1,400 Port Melbourne Nott street, I a m 9ft. x Cult, £120 6s., Portarlington land Sr 6p, with house thereon, £000 Moonee Ponds, Puckle street land 50ft x UMt, £262 10s, South "Yarra, Airlie street, land 84ft x 20ft, £144 10' , Sun bury, allotment 26, section 10 £500, Cot linkwood, land, sea. or the , with house thereon, at a satisfactory figure, Fitzroy, Kerr street land 40ft Olu x Qott Um , £800, Essendon, Tax lor's Bakers paddock four lots fronting Grandison street 2,6 lbs.. East St Kilda, lot 22 Alma park, site 10s., Prahran, Chomley street, land 67ft xieotL,£a,Ol2s , Richmond Butler street, land 33ft x Wife, with brick cottage £200, alias Butler street, land He x (Hits , 119 17s , also Separation street, land 60 ft x 60ft, 9-10 On Elizabeth street land 33ft x 25ft, £140 18s 7d Hawksburn the lots fronting Hawksburn road, £1 221 lbs 2d Collingwood, Wellington street, 54ft x 17ft along Little Smith street, with three cot cases thereon £1,700, Prahran, Grand View Grove, land 36ft 8in x 148ft, with brick villa thereon, £1176, Uautnorn, Albert-road land 24ft x 200ft, 2402 19s, Brunswick, Brunswick road unit, land 43ft 8in x 13ft 10in . £253 10s South Yarra Park street land 33ft x 132ft, with villa thereon £1000, St Kilda, Charles street, In d 66ft 8in x etc , £270, Ascotvale, Ascott ale road, land 40ft x 60ft, with villa thereon £1,850, Ascotvale, Sydney street, land 60ft x 145ft, £2w2 10s , Kppincr, On. Ir 24p , with buildings thereon" £300, Parkville, Sydney-road land 26 x Oats Our 255 Footscray. Hopkins street land 15ft x Holt, with Normanby house thereon, £850 Total, £04,024 12s 6d 