NEWS AND NOTES. inf Ga THE Perth Local Court sits this morning, at eleven o'clock. TELEGRAPHIC communication with Gin gin was opened at noon yesterday. It will be called by residents of the district with much satisfaction as, in the past, the necessity for such communication has been very badly felt. THE South Australian left Albany for Fremantle at 9.45 a.m., yesterday. THE name of Mrs. J. T. Boileau was added, yesterday, to the daily list of an claimed letters lying at the General Post office. FORMERLY, when ties were fired at volunteer rifle marches, it was the rule to allow those who made them, an extra shot apiece to decide them. That course is now to be replaced by the regular method of deciding each tie by the fewest number of misses, orders, or centres. WE are requested by the trustee in the estate of Sykes Bros. & Co., to notify that the application calling for tenders for the stock-in-trade has been withdrawn, and the whole of the goods will be submitted to public auction by Mr. Henry Smith on Friday, at noon. ANYTHING but a pharisaical regard for outward appearance, was noticeable in the " Dried fruits section, at the Horticultural Show on Tuesday, some of the cases which contained exhibits having been allowed to retain their old labels of " Day and Martin's Blacking," and Fry's Homoeopathic Cocoa." AT the Perth Police Court, yesterday, Alexander McLean, charged with drunkenness, was let off with a caution. John Carter and Philip Donnelly, for a like offence, were each fined 5s. Jane Phibbs, charged with stealing a tin of condensed milk from Francis Collett, of Barrack street, was discharged. William Mansfield and Lot Leather, each charged with horse trespass, were fined 10s. and costs. THE only case at the Fremantle Police Court, yesterday, was that of Thomas Burns, charged by his wife with assaulting her, which had been adjourned from last Monday. Hartley Williams, a carter, was called for the defence, but not having been present at the time of the assault, was not- able to throw any light on the subject. After hearing the statement of the defendant the magistrate dismissed the defendant with a caution, and ordered him to pay the costs. OWING to Wesley Hall being let to the Metropolitan Rifle Volunteers for the purpose of an armoury, at alt' ration has been made in the meeting places of the " Fidelity" Lo Ige of Good Templars and the Perseverance" Division of the " Sons of Temperance" in the future, the former will meet on Wednesdays in the Congregational Sunday school-room, and the latter will meet in the Rechabite hall, Wellington Street. AT the weekly meeting of the " Rock of Safety Lodge of Good Templars held on Monday evening, the following officers for the ensuing quarter were elected : W.C.T., Bro. J. Harrold ; W.V.T, Sister L. Howell ; W.S., Bro. W. Keeling ; W.F.S., Bro. Ellis ; W.T., Sis. J. Douglas ; W. Chap., Sis. Gribble; W.M., Bro. Edwards; W.G., Br. W. Austin. Bros. J. Veryard, D.D., J. M. Lapsley, L D., and J. Tomelty were elected Trustees for the ensuing year. Sisters Gribble, Howell and E. Newport were elected Executive Committee for the Juvenile Temple. THE following: have been elected officers of the "Fidelity" Lodge of Good Templars for the ensuing quarter: W.C.T., Br. Longstaff; W.V.T., Bro. Giddy ; W.S., Bro. Keegan; W.F.S., Bro. Fawcett; W. T. Bro. W. Webber; W. Chap., Bro. Elliott ; W.M., Bro. Walker : W.G., Bro. Mullane; W. Sentinel, Bro. Alexander; W.A.S., Bro. F. H. Flynn ; W D.M.. Sis M. A. Jones. Bros. Cooke, Caddy and Smallwood were elected Trustees for the ensuing year. Bros. Caddy, Finney and Smallwood were elected Executive Committee for the Jnv nile Temple. THE Eastern Extension Australasia and China Telegraph Company have telegraphed to Sir Julius Vogel explaining their position with regard to the alterations in the tariff. They claim upon the contract to be entitled to office accommodation for the next ten years, the withdrawal of which might compel them to interrupt the tariff altogether, in which case they would be compelled to hold Sir Julius' Government responsible for all loss or damage to the Company thereby. After expressing their desire to meet the requirements of the press as much as pas Bible they propose to refer the question to arbitration in London. THE total cost of the General Election says an English exchange as officially stated, was £786,085, and. as 3,562,042 votes were polled, it follows that each vote cost 4s. 4d. The county vote was more expensive than the borough, the former costing 5s. 4d., and the latter 3s. 4d That is the general average. in Wales the average, taking borough and county, was 5s. 7d., and in Scotland 5s. 6d. Irish elections are much cheaper, the average vote costing only 2s. 6d., there being only a penny difference between the cost of the borough and county vote. WE have to acknowledge the receipt of a copy of the various Ordinances passed at the last session of the Legislative Council. It is the thickest one of its kind ever issued from the Government Press, the Goldfields and the Public Health Acts alone taking up 66 out of the 200 pages occupied by the Acts. Besides the two we have already named, the more important of the statutes are the Acts relating to the Protection of Aborigines, the admission of Barristers Act, the Geraldton. Greenough Railways, Chinese Immigra- tion, Legislative Council, Spencer's Brook Northam Railway, Renpprop-iation portion 1884 Loan, and the Pearlshell Fishery Act. THE Cossack correspondent of the Victorian Express, telegraphed on the 22nd instant :-" Captain Mayne, Inspector of Pearl Shell Fisheries, and other justices here are at variance with Colonel Angelo over the native question. Natives properly signed for diving before Captain Mayne and other magistrates have been interrogated by Colonel Angelo as to whether they were willing to dive. It is believed that from tiniMity some have stated they were unwilling to engage in diving Much annoyance is felt by interested parties and the general public. It is reported that consequently Captain Mayne has resigned under protest, and that other ma nitrates are indignant at the position. Affairs are very strained. The whole matter will be referred to the Perth authorities. OWING to an unfortunate inadvertence the By-Laws (No. 7 and 8 of the City Council, which appeared in a recent issue of the Government Gazette, are invalid. (Our evening contemporary, in a paragraph, yesterday, on the affair, goes further, and informs the public that they are not only invalid, but also null and void, and of no effect, It appears that after they had been approved by the Governor, they were forwarded to the Government Printing office, for publication in the Gazette, instead of to the May- or for signature at the next meeting of the City Council. The appearance, lack- ing the Mayoral autograph, in the Gazette renders them invalid, consequently, they will have to be brought before the Council at their next meeting, and then signed. After which they will be published in the Gazette in due course. THE Premiers (writes Imperial Federation of New South Wales, Victoria, and Wf grey day was im- post vol to allot the that the and tied i on for the year cases been Day Mon day, unk John like bbs, used rack ans with costs. rug last was been run ject. ten seen n to the the has the and Sons the the and Hall, v of d ou J for ster off; 'was; Bro. irons. -D., i for Lyell five cars lard Br. ms., ett; Bro. Bro. and; Sis and the and on and ere long Bra the month i to lish Sir all i by. the na- hm ion illy 042 each was cared, iles Pty, fish age dug out by the Queensland have concluded their consult- has ation with Admiral Tryon, and the result is that it is proposed that ships, costing some £600,000, shall be built at once bye; of the English Government, and that the colonies in Australia, or such of them aware parties to the arrangement, shall re imburne the Admiralty by payment of JH annual sum for depreciation; that those. colonies shall defray the whole cost of maintenance, amounting to £150,000, and place the vessels at the absolute disposal by the admiral commanding the station. So much for the part of the colonies. On the other side the English Government is to undertake not to reduce the strength of fort its fleet in Australian waters, and to place labor at the disposal of the colonies an increased A. number of naval cadetships. Of course this is nothing but a proposal at present, but it is a decided step in advance, and will lend it is to be hoped, to a definite arrangement, which will be but the beginning of a comprehensive scheme of Impe- * rial Federation for defensive purposes. \- V THE best news concerning the projected smelting works at Geraldton (says our Geraldton contemporary) was received by Mr. Crowther per last colonial mail. Mr Trewenack, writing from Melbourne the der date October 4th, informs the gentleman mentioned that the Intercolonial Smelting and Reducing Company are getting the required plant together rapidly, and" that it will be ready for shipment in two weeks from the date of his letter, so that it should now be on its way to the colony. Two weeks after the arrival of the plant at Champion Bay Mr. Trewenack himself expects to be in the district, and he says it will not take long after his arrival to put up the works, and commence smelting. Mr. Trewenack is therefore anxious that all the ore that can be procured should be got together, in fact, he says, 1,300 tons are required to start upon a very good amount most persons slice w's agree which should encourage alias those in the position to do so in the district to start raising lead and copper ore at once. Mr. London has decided to erect a 25 to 30 ton smelter, that is to say a furnace which will smelt from 25 to 30 tons of ore per diem, and is anxious, to use Mr. Trewenack own words to send the works off a booming fHV&fete;^*" . WE remarked yesterday in our report of the shooting on Mount Eliza, the previous day, that there was but a small attendance of the spectators. Considering the exceeding heat of the weather upon that occasion it is not to be wondered at. That such a large number of volunteers were willing from esprit de corps, desire for distinction, of- any other reason to subject themselves to its influence for an entire day is, however, somewhat a matter for marvelling The range is utterly devoid of suede and there is little or no grass. Not only are the men's feet exposed to the burn- ing sending their heads are exposed to the heated rays of the sun, as the snake is very little protection against them. In order to shield themselves as much as possible, the men use their handkerchiefs as cap covers, and it may be guessed that the varied nature of the arrivals in requisition from the dainty cambric to the coarse ' silk ' handkerchief produce anything but that appearance of neatness and order which is associated with the military. Could not the men be provided with white cap covers The cost of the material and the making would not, it is said, exceed a couple of shillings for each cover, which might be supplied to the men at their expense. Such a provision would not only be beneficial to the men, but it would certainly greatly improve their appearance on all such occasions when the h handkerchief is made to supply the dene rency. THE annual report of the railway com- ?* missioners of Victoria shows (says the Argus) that the revenue from traffic for the year ending June 30, 1886, was £2,329,126, and the working expenses * £1,310,537. leaving a balance of £1,018,588 which sufficed to pay all the interest charges on the railway loans, and left £62,483 for the Treasury. Last year the net revenue was £40,000 less than the amount required for interest. The net revenue this year was equal to 435 per cent, upon the total capital expended upon the lines opened, and 47? per cent, on the total debenture capital expended upon such lines. All sources of revenue Mww an increase except stock, the returns from which were £2,929 less than last year. The number of passengers conveyed was 42,511,014, against 34,814,002 last year, an increase of 7,697,012. The tonnage of, goods and live stock carried was 2,724,095 ~ against 2,272,361, an increase of 451,734 tons. The increase in the revenue was £147,194, and in the expenditure only £33,112, being a net increase of £114,081, and that in face of reductions in charges equal to £100,000 for the year, or at least 3 per cent, of the revenue. The additional length of railway lines opened to traffic was 674. miles. The total amount expended on the railways opened or in course of construction was, at the 30th of June last, £24,357,813, the amount of indebtedness for borrowed capital £11,980,153, and the year's interest £957,106. COUNT BEUST, whose death was noticed in our telegrams yesterday, filled at one time a great place in European politics. He was born at Dresden, in 1899 (the. telegram says evidently in mistake he was only 77), and the leading particulars of his career, are thus given in " Men of the Time." On the breaking out of the Danish war in 1863, Baron von Beust dis till guished himself by his fidelity to Federal interests, and by a rebuke he administered to Lord Russell in answer to a dis- m patch from the latter. He represented the Germanic Diet at the London Central case of 1864, during the continuance of 5 which he twice visited Paris, to confer with the Emperor of Napoleon, whose Ernest he was afterwards at Fontainebleau. The Emperor of Austria, acting under Baron von Bent's advice, made great concessions to Hungary. He succeeded in completely conciliating that country, and on June 8, 1867, the coronation of the Emperor as King of Hungary was celebrated at Postli, amid the acclamations of the people, the event being hailed as a pledge of the lasting reconciliation with the Magyars. Baron von Beust inaugurated a Liberal policy in regard to the interior organization of the Empire, and, himself a Protestant, he has invariably shown the bitterest hostility to the partisans of the Church. During his tenure of office the Jews were admitted to equal ~" civil and religious rights with thejgj^tifs^ the population; the Reichsrath assented to the separation of the Church from the State, and declared all religious bodies to be equal in the eye of the law ; the Con- cord at entered into with the Holy Leo in 1855 was repudiated ; civil marriage was established ; imprisonment for debt was abolished and press offences were referred to the decisions of juries. Baron von Beust also directed his energies to the improvement of the financial condition of Austria, and the increase of her military strength. He resigned the post of Chancellor of the Empire in New , 1871, and shortly afterwards was appointed Austrian Ambassador at the Court of St. James's in the place of Count Apponyi. He remained in London till Nov., 1878, when he was appointed Austrian Ambassador at Paris. 