IMMIGRATION. These is no part of the public Berrice more difficult to manage than the De- ' partment of TSmJgraSb57'ana~taris arises from circumstances quite beyond the control of the Ministry in power at any time. It will be remembered that during the later years' in ofiice of the last Administration there -was a fcrisk ' demand for labour. The number of immigrants landed at Rockhamptrjn was not at all equal to the demand for them, and in tills matter, as upon* many others, we were disposed to quarrel with Brisbane for not giving us our fair share of tbe people tat whom the colony was paying. About that tame, sir Thomas M'Dwraith pro pounded a scheme for -the augmen tation of our labour supplies, otrt it met with so much opposition from the working- classes in Bris bane, that it was not carried into effect. When the -present- Government came into power, they found itneces sarv. actinsr no dnnbt on riip oAmn** ~t the permanent officiaifi-af -the emigra tion service, to keep up the supply of labour. Only very recently has it been announced that the contracts wMl shippers for the importation of bounty emigrants will be suspended, and that in the meantime the supplies necessary will be maintained by the assisted and free emigrants by the mail steamers, Now, had the drought not brought the pastoral and other great industries of the colony to a low pass, the probability is there would have been ample employ ment for the enlarged influx of colonists which the last Government aimed at promoting. Then, the present Govern ment have reduced the flow of immi grants because there was no demand for them, but immediately that thev have one so the drotHrhr. Krmt« n» +l.a western country is soaked with 'rain, and the prospects of a splendid season in the near future are gratifying in the extreme. At the same time, the Com missioner for the division of runs, and the Land Board Courts dealing with appeals, have finished their labours, so that the Tzncertainty prevailing among pastoral lessees will be removed. A lively demand for labour is almost certain to spring up, which the foreign supply will be unable to meet Yet it will bREeen that in both instances tbe Governments have acted for the best interests of the Colony, but the sudden change of circumstances over which Ministers had no control has rendered their efforts abortive. It is of the utmost importance, therefore, the Immigration Department of the public service should be in easy working order, so as to serve the Colony readily and efficiently upon a sudden alteration of the state of the labour market We tarn with some interest for evi dence opon this matter to the ' Report of the Agent-General for Emigration {or the year 1885.' From it we learn that in November, 1883, instructions were issued to the Agent-General not to let the nnmber of emigrants exceed 1000 per month, and they hare been obeyed. The total number for the year has been 11,620 souls, equal in emigration phrase ology to 10,391 adults. Of these, 7636 were landed at Brisbane, 1267 at Rock hampton, 1293 at TownsviHe, and the remainder at other ports. The remit tance and free-nominated passengers formed more than one-fourth of the whole, the number being 4400. There were 1145 full payers: 50 indented; 3422 bounty; and 2603 free. The nationalities were — 6322 English, 1572 Scotch, 2980 Irish, and 746 of other countries. The balk of the free emigrants professed to be of the farming class, and were drawn from the midland counties in England, the sonth-westem counties in Ireland, and the southern shires in Scotland. It would seem from the report that the Despatching Officer in England uses his best endeavours to send suitable young men and women, but the evidence we have of the success which attends his efforts is not entirely gratifying. In like manner, efforts are made to prevent remittance passengers ^fring advantage of our emigration arrangements to reach New South Wales at a cheap rate, but in this also they are foiled by the duplicity of emigrants. It is suggested that the greatest care should be exercised in issuing nomina tion papers, and this is a matter we may commend to tile attention of Clerks of Petty Sessions. Far more people on the Continent of Kurope were nomi nated for free passages to Queensland than were able to take advantage of them. 2£r. Fietzcker's mission, on winch that friend of the Govern ment enjoyed a nice trip to the Vaterland, at our '*pfP'», was not at &U; successful, few foreign emigrants leffcljondon, and they were not of the beat class. The best passengers, we are told, come by the 'bounty ships,' and it is to be hoped, therefore, that as there is a. prospect of the demand for labour becoming brisk, arrangements will be made for at once renewing contracts Tilth shippers. We are very pleased to leavn-iiiat our emigration authorities in London tore their eyes on philanthropic bodies there, and discountenance the efforts of tie latter to send us a class of town loafers, for whom we hare no ose or room. Testimony is paid by the Agent-General to the good work done by Mr. Ttgnijnllj Emigration Lec turer. The failure of Mr. Fietz cker's mission, we are told, was due to the opposition of the German Government, and to letters from Qoeenslanders disparaging to this colony appearing in the German news papers. An attempt to gain Danish labourers, made by Mr. Hansen on be half of the Planters' Association, of Sfackay, failed for -sTT''^gr causes. The disbursements from the following ac counts for the year were : Emigration, £80,258; General Purposes, £16,768. In the concluding paragraphs of the Re port, references are made to the issue of Government Loans and other matters not immediately connected with emi gration. The information on these matters should not have been so frag mentary, and the papers referred to ought to have appeared in the appendix. Considering the altered position, of oar Agent- General, he might have supplied us with a more interesting report. 