9lic fëxteim emin* MONDAY, SEPTEMBER SO, 1SS0, Every day it is becoming more and more apparent that it is hopeless to oppose the expansion of Russia towards the South. Lord Beaconsfield, indeed, was, or seemed to be, of opinion that the sole means of doing this lay in Turkey, and Lord Beacons field's opinion on any matter ia of tho greatest importance. Lord Beaconsfield was the sole English politician of our time who was also a statesman, the only man who could look beyond the tendencies of England herself to those of her race and of the other prominent races of the world. Moreover, as readers of " Contariui Flem- ing" will remember, he had himself examined the Turks and thoroughly appre- ciated their splendid qualities as soldiers and peasants. The sole comment that is necessary on the politicians and generals who poured forth streams of English gold and blood in the fiasco of Sebastopol, is Plevna, and what a Turkish army, generalled by a genuine Turk, did there, and these men, who could leave the finest material in the world for rank and file fighters standing idle, have found their worthy successor in the supreme master of clap-trap who has been the means of helping Russia over thousands of miles to our Indian frontier, of placing the Turks all but hors de combat, and finally of setting up iu the Balkans im- possible petty kingdoms ready to fall one by one into the Ruasian maw. Whether it wi 8 possible for Turkey to have ridded herself of the incubus of her corrupt and effete rulers and risen to a new national life as revolutionary France did, we shall now, in all probability, never know. Weary and purblind England, led along by the nose by her darling rhetorician, has played steadily into the hands of Russia, and now the Russian domi nancy towards the South has reached the overwhelming power of fatality. Prince Alexander is a gallant but unstable young soldier. To-day we find him elate at a petty success of his Bulgarian subjects, defiant of each and all of his opponents ; to- morrow, in a corresponding depression at a petty failure, submitting himself humbly to his Suzerain, only the next day to stand forth, the winner of a petty vic- tory, as arrogantly defiant of Russia as of Turkey. What could such a man do to consolidate a kingdom against the might and cunning of a people and a court such as that of Russia? The coup d'etat which resulted in his seizure was not frustrated by his release. There have been the usual hot fits and cold fits, and perhaps there may be a few more yet to come, but the sum total of the matter is that lie must co. Bismarck, perceiving that whatever might be done to resist Russian predominance in the Balkans Prince Alexander is not the man to do it, with cynical good humour states the fact to this useless little firebrand that makes such a brave show from time to time, and Prince Alexander, as the tele- gram puts it, " issues an address to the officers of the Bulgarian army, intimating in the most touching terras that at the bidding of the Czar ho resigns the throne of Bulgaria, as otherwise a Russian occupation would ensue." It is to be presumed that now at last even Prince Alexander sees that it is hopeless to oppose the expansion of Russia towards the South. Well, and what will follow ? Simply this. The expansion will proceed, but whether slowly or quickly, whether bloodlessly or not, will entirely depend on the energy and strength of the efforts that are made to re J press it. English diplomacy, indeed, talks of an insistance on tho stipulations of the Treaty of Berlin, but English diplomacy is \ not wont to go much further than talk when ', the question is one of a foe bigger than those which faced it in Afghanistan, South i Africa, Egypt, and Burmah. The power of the supreme master of clap-trap and thoso who aro ret'idy to support his view of foreign I y affairs is an immense one, »ttd the nation j t1 that has soberly written down its momen- tary trust in the foreign policy of Lord Beaconsfield ¡ia au infatuation is not likely to freo Lord Salisbury's hands, and let him pick up the gauntlet of a national struggle, until it is positively driven into a corner and compelled to do so. " Au insular country," says Lord Beaconsfield, in tihat light mocking way of his, which covers so often an ¡ill but impatient disgust, " An insular country subject to fogs, and with a powerful middle class, requires grave statesmen." " We havo nothing to fear," said Bismarck, in unconscious and brutal comment on the grave statesmen whose sole " inebriation" is, as we know, with their own " verbosity." " We have nothing either to hope or to fear from a country like Eng- land." England had talked about insisting on Prussia's abstinence from absorbing the South Danish provinces, and this was Prussia's reply. Was anything done then 1 Nothing. England, however, had talked, and the rhetorician for the time being had been lifted up amidst the applause of his flock, and, as his flock was the only thing ' worthy of so exalted a notice as his, the talk and the applause sufficed. It is hopeless to oppose the expansion of Russia towards the South. Nay, the hour perhaps in which that expan- sion shall turn itself with dogged ferocity westwards is nearer than it seems. The Russian masses are, it is true, ¡is yet imper- vious to the modern ideas. They are ready at any moment to tear to pieces the heroic little company of Socialists waging irrecon- cilable warfare with the corrupt aristocracy and bureaucracy in their behalf. But they suffer more atid more from a national uneasinei-s, a restless discontent with things. They are like water in a pot under which flames a consuming fire, and on to the top of .which a lid is relentlessly pressed. If no vent can be found for the steam there will there must be an explosion. What are these dark and desperate efforts eastwards but compressed energy moving along the lines of least resistance 1 The Gothic national insurrection reached to Borne. The French exhausted itself in the broken wave that drew back from Moscow, Shall we say whether the Russian will end at Calcutta or at Paris ? whether it shall yet have to be said that it is hopeless to oppose the expan- sion of Russia to the East or to the West ? We recently reprinted from the London Times an article upon the now Anglo American Extradition Treaty, in which that journal attempted to analyse the undeniable American sympathy for Ireland, and to show that this sympathy springs from dis- like. " American sympathy with Ireland (says the "Thunderer") is, in fact, pretty much like a sensitive man's sympathy with a squalling child, which is very apt to take the form of vituperating the nurse for not giving the little nuisance anything it may happen to ask." This is very likely true so far as the literary class of the Eastern States is concerned, but the Times makes a serious mistake in taking the sentiments of that small circle as being thoso of the half-a hundred millions who constitute America. A little reflection will show the fallacy of its assertion, and explain why America's sympathy and support aro on the side of the Land League. It is because the Irish element vastly outnumbers the English we mean by the latter term naturalised Englishmen and such of their descendants as may retain their national sentiment-and because the average American is very ready to believe ill of England. The English element merges with the American in a generation ; the Irish keeps distinct always, and even swallows up those of other races who marry into it. Between 1820 and 1879, 4,698,000 immi- grants entered the United States from the British Isles. Of these, 3,065,761 were from Ireland, and when it is remembered that the vast majority of the Ulster or loyalist Irish who immigrate, settle in Canada in preference to the republic, it will be under- stood that almost all these 3,000,000 were bitterly inimical to England. In America itself, the Irish race has propagated as races only do when a sudden plenty becomes the share of one which has been struggling to maintain itself against most adverse circum- stances. It is rather an under than an over estimate to say that in the United States there are now 10,000,000 people in whom Celtic blood more or less predominates, and is is well known that the Irish-American is more bitterly Auglophobist than the original Irishman. Nor can any mistake be greater than to imagine that the Irish in America aro simply hewers ' of wood and drawers of water, or that they wield no influence in politics and in social life, except as a corrupt voting ma- chine. They do indeed crowd into the towns, and do uso the ballot for the purpose of supporting the chiefs who find them work and pay, but the 2,000,000 adult males of Irish extraction are not all numbered in the Tammany and other similar gangs. Presi- dent Cleveland is one of them ; so is ex President Arthur. Jas. U. Blaine, of Maine, Cleveland's ' great rival, trades on his kinship, and ia even now bidding for the Irish vote by taking England to task for the fisheries trouble. In New York city and State the Irish are supreme ; even throughout New England they are an im- portant factor, while throughout the West, where the population is massing itself, they hold the reins of Government, a'«d exert an immense influence in business and com- merce. They are not only governors, Con- gressmen, and labourers, but large property holders and successful merchants ; and these aro the men whom the Times speaks vaguely of as the " rowdy Irish element." There isa rowdy Irish element, just as there is a rowdy German element, and just as there would be a rowdy English element if there was an English element at all ; but the millions who are not num- bered among the rowdy class all cast their influence for Ireland, and forco American sympathy. The newspapers, in taking their cue from the enthu- siastic feelings of such an important class of readers, cannot fail to carry with them all those who are indifferent. This brings us to the second reason we advanced. Ameri- cans are not usually indifferent; on the contrary they are very ready to believe ill of England. That this should be is very natural, when the gross ignorance in almost every country about another is considered. Australians know much of England, because a very large proportion have come from there, but in England they know surprisingly little of either Australia or America. In the latter country tho .English immigration of late years has been bo comparatively small that the mother-land has become an unknown country. Itishardly realised that the reign of the aristocracy which oppressed the colonies and opposed the republic is over ; very few understand that the people have practically won control of the Empire, and can stietch out the hand of national friendship to their transatlantic kinsmen. So-called " society" is Anglomaniac to a degree, apes English manners and customs, admires Eng- lish writers and English actors, and marries its richly dowered daughters to English baro- nets and Continental counts. But the American masses, particulaily throughout the great Wes*-, still cherish a sulky remem- brance of wrong suffered at England's hands, and regard the Anglomaniacism of Washington and Boston with scorn or sor- row. They recall still the fight for freedom iu 1776, the struggle for national recogni- tion in 1815, the attitude of England during the terrible war waged twenty-five years ago " to spell Nation with a big ' N,' " and having these recollections and this ignorance, it is hardly to be expected that they should feel extraordinarily friendly. This state of affairs is to be regretted certainly, but it is useless to deny it or to gloss it over aa the Times would do. In a generation or two things may have altered and a more favourable opinion outweigh the influence of the Irish element ; but by that time it is altogether likely that in some way or other the Irish problem will have -become a thing of the past. The system of nominated immigration has been dealt with promptly by the Cabinet under the Amending Act which lias just re- ceived the royal assent. In Saturday's issuo of tho " Gazette " there appears an Order-in Council under which are imposed several condi- tions limiting tho operation of the ninth and twelfth section of the Immigration Act of 1882, Section 9 of that Act provides that any natural bom or naturalised subject of her Majesty residing in this colony who desires to nominate a friend or relative as an immigrant can do so by making application to tho Immigration Agent or to clerks of petty sessions, and by pa} mont of the sums necessary. Under section 12 any employer in the colony who wishes to obtain tho services of an; mechanic, labourer, or servant in Europe can do so by complying with similar stipulations. The conditions laid down by tho Order-in-Oouncil referred to make several important alterations in theso sections of the Act. It is now determined that no person who is above tho ago of 55 years is oligiblo for nomination under the 9th section. Mechanics and artisans aro not to bo eligible under cither the 9th or 12th sections, except by tho special permission of tho Ministor, and every application for the passage of persons of theso classes must bo forwarded to the Minister for his approval boforo a passage warrant is issued. It is further ordered that no applica- tion under theso sections will be received unless from persons who have been for at least six months bona fide residents of Queensland, and cvory applicant must in his application stato the length of time he baa been in tho colony and where ho has resided. The Immi- gration Agent er clerk of petty seaaions to whom application for a passage warrant is mado will havo to aaaure himself by personal inquiry that tho person for whom such appli- cation is made is a personal friend or relative of tho applicant, and if tho Minister is not satisfied that tho application is in conformity with thoso regulations, ho may direct that tho passago warrant bo not issued. If the passago warrant is issued, tho Agent-General may rcfuao to allow the person named in it to pro- ceed if ho finds that tho intending emigrant is not oligiblo according to theso regulations or is not of sound bodily or mental health, IN consequence of sheep disease bcing'known to exist in the north island ofitcw Zealand, tho introduction of sheep thence into this colony has been prohibited by proclamation in Saturday's " Gazette." At tho intercolonial conference, to bo held in Sydnoy at an early date on'Jtho prohibition of the importation of stock, this colony will bo represented by Mr. P. B. Gordon, Chief In- spector of Stock and Brands. The Hon. H. 0. Wood, M. L, 0., will represent tho stock-owners of the colony. It was announced early in the session that tho Government intended to introduco a bill to amend the Audit Act of 1874, in order that tho public accounts as propared by the Auditor General may correspond with the statements issued from the Treasury. The bill will pro- bably bo introduced early this week. Tim Commissioner for Polico has rcceivod a telegram stating that tho child reported as lost near Windorah a fow days ago had been found "all right." It is understood that Inspector Thornton, who was banqueted at Charleville on Thurs- day night on his retirement from the polico force, will be succeeded by Sub inspector J. Ahearn, who will be promoted to tho rank of inspector. A youno man, named Donald M'Eac, a fisherman, using his own boat, and engaged chiefly at Amity Point, has been missing during the past few da} s. Ho loft the Hamilton in his boat on Tuesday night, and was heard of on Thursday at Boggy Creek, near tho mouth of the river, but up to latest accounts had not mado his appearance at Amity Point, where ho was expected, nor could ho bo mot with by a boat which carno from Amity on Satur- day. As the weathor in the Bay has been very boistorous during the past week, and his boat was not so seaworthy as could havo boon wished, a great deal of anxiety is felt for his safety and that of tho boy who accompanied him, though thoro are still hopes that they may havo reached land in safety. The usual fortnightly meeting of tho Bris- bane Municipal Council will bo held this after- noon. The business on the paper includes : Consideration of a petition from ratepayers re covering of portion of Spring Hollow drain ; consideration of tenders for construction of a pipo drain in upper Edward- street I and form- ing a portion of Ernest-street, South Brisbane, and reception of reports of the Works and Finance Committees and a committee of tho wholo council ; also motions of which notice was given »t tho previous meeting. A special meeting of the council will bo held at half-past 4 o'clock this afternoon to authoriso an appli- cation to tho Colonial Treasurer for a loan of £6000 for purposes connected with the cutting down of Ann-street, Fortitude Valley. TnE Education Dopartment havo recoived tho following tenders ¡-Additions to Stato school, Glenvale-S. Oliver, four months, £237 10a.; John Lcdbury and Hugh Redwood, ten weeks, £19418i. Gi.; Drnnoy and Horn, £19S. Now Stato school buildings, Morven-Gibbs and Dunno, £789 15b. (por telegram) ; Warren Bros., six months, £350; Shanahan and Phillips, six months, £7S5. Play-sheds, fencing, tee, Townsville West-Ramsden and Coleman, fivo months, £473 ; Goorgo Deane, threo month!", £G44 ; W. M'Larty, thrco months, £525 I83. 91.; Mark Dcmpsoy, thrco months, £570 ; Thomas Fraser, thrco months, £CG0 ; A. Ferguson and Co., thrco months, £43S 10s,; Clive and Revosgard, fourteen weeks, £564; Androw.DoDald, eight weeks, £395« We aro informed that Mr. Gcorgo Darrell purposes entering an action for £10,000 damages against tho Melbourne Daily Tele- graph and Punch, for an alleged libol con- tained in a letter that appeared in thoso papers signed by Edward Finn, charging him as a dramatic author with plagiarism, and charac- terising his new play, "Tho Soggarth," as a litorary theft. The tenders of Jones and Co., Thomson and Thomas, and H. Evans wcro received on Saturday morning by the Works Department for additions to the Ravenswood Hospital. The electric lighting apparatus of the Par- liamentary Buildings and the Government Printing Office has been examined during the past week by Mr. Pentland, the Inspector for the Australasian Electric Light and Power Company. His report has not yet been received by the Colonial Secretary, but a trial will be made of the light to-day, and it is confidently expected that the Assembly Chamber will be again lighted by electricity to-morrow. Tub usual weekly meeting of tho Journey- man Bakers' Union was hold at tho Exchange Hotel on Saturday evening. There was a good attendance of members, and the chair was taken by the president, Mr. J Harris, who explained that beforo any other business was gone on with, it would bo necessary to appoint a secre- tary, as that office had become vacant. On tho motion of Mr. Wm. Kaye, seconded by Mr. J. Halloran, Mr. E, Fox was unanimously elected to the poaition. It was also resolved that the secretary should roceivo an honorarium of £1 per quarter, Threo new mombers wore elected and tho president stated that the names of between forty and fifty journeymen had been entered-on the members' roll of the union. On tho motion of Mr. W. J. Bennison, seconded by Mr. D. Andorson, it was agreed that the operation of a resolu- tion increasing tho entrance-fee to 10s. Gd., which had been passed at a previous meeting, should bo delayed for a month. The secretary was instructed to procure 100 contribution cards, and tho meeting thon proceeded with the consideration of the draft rules. These, as amended, will bo printed and submitted to the Trades Council for the concurrence of that body. The B.I. andQ.A. Company, the managing agents for the Q S.S. and British-India Com- panies, havo determined upon not only making Brisbane thoir headquarters, but on giving, in future, Brisbano all tho advantages to bo do rived from tho two services. Not long ago they had workshops erected at Kangaroo Point, whero all repairs, &c;, that could bo made to tho steamers for which they aro agents havo sinco been executed. They also made arrangements to use nono othor than Queensland coals, and at the preacnt timo their yearly requirements in this line amount to between 30,000 and 40,000 tonB. This has been the means of causing a stir in tho coal trado, which only requires de- velopment to make it one of the most profitable of our industries, and has stimulated thoso engaged in tho coal traffic to provide much hotter facilities for tho delivery of their coals into largo véasela. Not long ago, this important part of the work had to bo dono by raising tho coals in baskets by manual labour from punts, moored at either side of tho vessel being supplied, but now the port can boast of two large coal hulks-tho barques Maida and Mary Evans-both of which aro capablo of stowing a largo quantity of storo coals, and of rapidly discharging them by means of friction winches. Hitherto, thoso of the Q.S.S. Company's Bteamors which trade to Sydney and Queensland ports, havo under- gone their periodical overhaulings in Sydney, whero, no doubt, tho facilities for such work are greater than in Brisbano to say nothing of the difference in cost. The B.I, and Q.A. Company havo now determined to havo all such work dono in the Brisbane graving dock. The steamer Archer is now being overhauled there, and the steamers Bar- coo, Warrego, and Maranoa will alao bo placed there in turn. The facilities for cleaning and ropairing largo vessels in tho graving dock havo lately boon greatly improved, and moreover a contract has just been let for lengthening the dock. The Q.S.S, Company's steamer Corea, Cap- tain George King, left Briabano on Saturday afternoon for tho Solomon and New Hebrides Groupa, via Maryborough, Bundaberg, Mackay, Townsville, Cairns, and possibly Dungeness, convoying time- expired islanders to their homes. This is a new departure in the Polyncaian labour trade, and ono that bids fair to commend itself to tho Government and planters concerned when the great advantage of steam ovor sail is taken into consideration, as well as tho superior accommodation pro vided. Tho Corea, which is painted white, according to the régulations, and whoso boats are alao painted tho regulation colours, is ballasted with 300 tons of coal, and has six weeks' provisions according to tho Government scale for 300 islanders, although tho trip is only ex- pected to occupy from four to fivo weeks. The return islanders will be under tho superviaion of Mr. E. Healy, who haa been aolccted as Go- vernment agent for the trip, whilo tho naviga- tion of the ship will bo attended to by Captain George King and Captain Donald M'Dougall, Tho lattor gentleman haa commanded véasela trading among the South Sea Islands for tho last six or seven years, and goes as " mato" and pilot. It is not anticipated that any diffi- culty will bo encountered in landing tho islanders, as this is tho most favourable season of tho year for such an undertaking, and the Corea will bo able to go pretty close in shore at tho islands called at, her draught being under 10ft. She took thirteen islanders from Brisbane, five of whom were recruits by the schooner Flora on hor last voyage, but who were rejected tas being physically unfit for plantation work, and eight from tho Hon. Georgo Biff's plantation at Caboolture. At Maryborough, 70 islandors aro expected to embark, Bundaberg contributes 50, Mackay, 70, Townsville, 70, Cairns, IG, and Dungonosa, 20\. Tho accommodation provided for the Go- vernment agent and thoso under his caro on the Corea is, as might bo expected, vastly superior to that generally found on board an ordinary labour vessel. Substantial tem- porary fittings havo been put up with all duo regard to the matters of light and ventilation, and tho space so set apart ia ample for the 300 islanders tho vessel will havo on board by the time she clears out from tho last Queensland port. Tho sleeping accommodation for tho males occupies tho whole of tho fore part of the 'tween decks, and fore lower hold, and consists of two tiers of platforms, constructed of pine, and situated on either sido of each of these compartments. No bedding ia supplied, neither is it necessary, as each " return" is supplied with a pair of blankets, and ia unused to luxury. The Government agent ia supplied with a very comfortable bed- room, adjacent to which is a bath and a com- modious apartment, which may bo termed a sitting and drawing-room, with all necessary comforts. These apartments, as well as those set apart for tho uso of tho officers of the ship, aro boarded off from the saloon, to which there is no access excopt from the main deck. The saloon, which will bo occupied by the females roturning to thoir hornea, has been divested of its rich upholstory and bedding, but tho berths aro there, and will bo used by the roturning islanders. The remarks which havo boon mado hy Cap* tain Wright, the Senior Naval officer, in regard to Mourilyan Harbour havo caused con- siderable surprise in shipping circles, and their accuracy has been questioned by several com* potent to form an opinion on the matter. The experience of Captain F. W. Morris, of tho Q.S.S, Company's steamer Maranoa, ono of the largest of the coasting steamers, when he entered Mourilyan Harbour last Sunday week for tho purpose of loading sugar, goes a long way to disprove the assertions mado by the Senior Naval officer. Captain Morris re- ports that ho had no difficulty whatever, and says he would as soon go into Mourilyan, as into Cooktown. Tho Maranoa is the' first steamer of her size that has cn-' tered the harbour. It was about half-flow on a spring tide when sho entered, and the vcaael was drawing 14ft. Gin. Captain Morris avers that he found insido tho barbour an excellent basin, in which ho says any vessel might swing, and thoro is a capital wharf ab which the Maranoa was berthed without; difficulty. She proceeded to sea an hour before low water, and encountered no difficulty whatever, either going ia or coming out of the harbour. The only drawback that Captain Morris mentions is the great depth of water inside the harbour, ontailing a greater longth of time in swinging than would otherwise be the case. The Australian Gardens were not opened on Saturday evening; but, weather permitting, thoy will bo to-night. The proprietor has secured a lease of a piece of land at the corner of Adolaido and Albort-streots, and has sur- rounded it with a high hoarding. Inside are ranged tiers of scats-circus fashion-and there is a stage at one end for performers, while the arena will also servo for them to diaport them- selves. The programme announced is a varied one, and the number of pooplo who applied for admission on Saturday night showed that the new venture was already attracting public at- tention. A supplement of the " Government Gazette" was issuod on Friday, containing the Elections Tribunal Act, tho Immigration Acfe Amendment Act, and Members' Expenses Act, whioh havo boen assented to by his Excellency tho Acting- Governor. The following gentlemen's names aro on the roster for attendance at tho City Police Court: during tho present week :-Messrs. H. Ben- jamin, T. W. Brown, J. Chapman, W. Crombie, J. E. Elliott, T. Freney, Jas. Hamilton, A. J, Hockings, R, Jamieson, jun,, T. Lehane, W. H. G. Marshall, D. P. Milne, W. S. Paul, G. E. Primrose, J. Scott, W. Stephens, A. St Warde, T. E. White, Joseph Brown. Dr. York delivered a lecture at the Academy of Music last evening entitled " Individuality, and what it costs." Thero was a crowded house. The locturor's remarks, which ap- parently met with the entire approbation of the audience, concluded with a panegyric upon Thomas Paine, As usual, the lecture was preceded by sovoral selections of high-class vocal and instrumental music. The People's Concerts at the Protestant. Hall, organised by Mr. W. B. Warner, bid fair to become a permanent institution. The programmes submitted at each of those already given havo proved so attractive to the public that the promoter has felt himself: warranted in engaging tho services of several professional ladies and gentlomon ; and it ia: promised that tho entertainments will bo con- siderably improved. On Saturday ovoning, there was a very good attendance at the hall, and the programme, though lengthy, was gone through in a manner so satisfactory to the audionco that nearly every number was encored. To-night tho company will appear in a new programme. About GOO persons attended tho services in the Theatro Boyal last night, and, in the absence of tho city missionary, who is conduct- ing a service in Toowoomba, Mr. William Jones, lato secretary of the Y.M.O. A., occupied the chair, and gave a short but impressive ad- dress on "ThcLovoof God." Nearly fifty mem- bers of the Brisbane United Evangelistic choir were present and led the singing. Tho sum of £3 2s. lOd. was placed in the collection plates for defraying tho expenses, and several persons signed the temperance pledge and donned the bluo ribbon. At a committee meeting of the Union Athletic Club, held on Thursday night last, Mr. E. Winter in the chair, it was decided to invite a team of Warwick cricketers to visit Brisbane at Christmas. Trophies for last season wcro awarded to-W, Voller, batting, first eleven f. E. Green, jun,, second eleven ; A. Coningham, bowling, first eleven ; M. Stanley, second. The following were elected as selection com- mittee-P. R. Smart, O. Hitchcock, and W. Voller; and as ground committeo-T. E. Whito, A. H. White, and E. Winter. The request of tho West End CO. to play at Too- wong on 9th November was agreed to. At a meeting of tho directors of the Bris- bane Workmen's Club, hold on Friday night, the mayor in the chair, tho applications for the office of manager and secretary was considered, when Mr, John Bain was unanimously elected to tho office. This appointment occasioned a. vacancy in tho directorate, and on the motion of Mr. A. J. Hunter, seconded by Mr. W. Drummond, Mr. John Sandford was unanimously selected for the vacancy. The arrangements for the opening of this club are fast drawing towards completion, and it i* expected to be in full working in the early part of next month. Tho share-list in tho institu- tion is fast filling up, and it is expected that hy- the opening day a considerable number further will havo been allotted. The con- tractors are hard at work in carrying out the contracts for fitting up tho club building,. Mr. Philip Nott has the joinery work in hand, and to all appearance is carrying out his work well. Messrs. Exton and Gough have the con tract for tho painting and decorative part o£ the rooms, and tho plumbing work is intrusted! to Messrs. Watson Bros. The billiard tables havo arrived from Melbourne, and their fitting up will bo commenced forthwith, a thoroughly practised hand having been secured for this duty. Tho directors purpose opening the rooms in the early days of next month, and aro to celebrate the occasion by a grand con- versazione, to which the shareholders will be invited, together with thoir friends. Several well-known gentlemen, it is expected, will address the meeting in regard to the value and use of such an institution. Over eighty applications were received for the office of manager and secretary. The members and friends of the North; Brisbane Presbyterian Fellowship Association spent a pleasant evening together on Fri- day, in the Wiekham- tírrace Manse, which is at present unoccupied. About 120 persons sat down to tea oi the veranda, which was covered in with canva* and lighted with Chinese lanterns. During the evening short addresses were de- livered by tho Revs. Colin M'Oulloch, Chas. Ogg, and J. F. M'Swaine, by way of recom- mending the association to those who had not yet identified themselves with it. The rest of the evening «vas devoted to music, vocal and instrumental. Mrs. G. T. Harris received quite an ovation on her pleasing rendering of Tit for Tat," and had to respond to an encore, bho then gave "Coming thro* the Bye, in an equally succeaaful manner. Miss B0T8 «w* Mr. J. Burns sang with good effect '' When tho Wind blows in from tho Sea.' Mr. Harriss flute solo was quito a treat Th* proceedings were brought to a close by all joining in singing "Auld Lang Syne." , Mr. Thos. Logan, president of the association, occupied the chair. 