L O C A L A N D G E N B H A L . V ick-R egal.—T be Governor will reeive ladies aud gentlemen at Governent House next Thursday afternoon rom 3 to 6 o'clock. . ' Couut of R equests, - T he following is tho list of cases I j be beard in to r ourt o f Requests, which sits to-morrow —Defended cases—Bromley v Bennett, Oates v Walters, Chapman (being exon.. etc. v Burn, Dossclor v Richardson, Oates v Spaulding, Bolton v F ish e r,» Jacobs and A nother v Evans, Macrow \ and Another v Lewis, Goodrick v McQueen. A L iliputiax D og. — W e have been shown by M r Frank Stewart, of the Hoyel Standard Hotel, a remarkable little dog. H e is three months old, ano treighs only a pound and a quarter* and will easily go into n pint measure. His B breed is a Scotch toy terrier, and his . mother has secured 15 first and j - S L * f . S ete ilS a i 5 £ k S is named Tiger, and be will give his master his paw, or will bark at his word of command, “ Speak up, T iger/’ “ f i l m Huat/ ’—A iair audience a s - sembled at the Ebenezer Church last evening for the purpose of hearing ft lecture on “ B illy Bray,” by the llev J. Casley, v lio made liis debut as a lecturer iu this town. M r Burnley occupied tlie chair and introduced the lecturer. M r Casley then proceeded to desl witli that eccentric subject—"B illy B ray,”—aud glanced at all tbe salient features of his life_ fro m his birth up to his death, tracing bis career as a drunkard and great sinner, thence to his conversion and many peculiarities after that eTent, coupled with his singleness of purpose in promoting th e extension of God's kingdom . A vote of thank* to the lecturer and chairman concluded th e proceedings. S hocking Cbubltt.—A caseof alleged inhuman cruelty has been brought under our notice. I t appears th a t at about two m oatlis ago a little boy aged 13, named W m . Downie, was sent out to service to a sm all farm er at the Huoa, wher# be remained till Sunday lari, when his father went down and brought him back to town. T he poor little fellow, ubo seems to be an intelligent lad, w«r iu a truly deplorable state. H e informed our reporter that hiem asler treated him well, but alleges that his mistress and her sod, a young man about 23 years of age, brulally ill-used him. H is head arms and back are torn and bruised, caused, lie says, by a heavy slick with which ho was beaten, and tbe skin of bis fofo leg is all chafed by a rope by means of which be was hung up in a room head downwards. H is feet t *o arc cut unu blistered. T he lad’s father iutends to proceed against the parties charged willi such gross inhumanity. I f ihe hoy s statements are correct severe puuishm tnt should follow, pBESKSTATios.—A very pleasing coremony took place------------^ Monday evening last £ tb e BuSl: jn uj8ll.jcl, I.O.O.F., M.U., in tbo I (oral 0f a presentation of an address and purse of sovereigns to P.P.G.M. Bro J. Langford, in recognition oi his seivicfs as secretary for the pari 14| years. The address which was beautifully lUumionted , and L amed by Bro 7? TR‘ .J. Reading, bore the namesjof many of he past and present officers, end wns reheated by J3ro. C.S, E. J. Jackson, who spoke iu laudatory term s of the jm t secretarj's work in the lodge- Bro. Langford,in response, cordially thanked the members for the gift and for the kindness shown him during the long period he occupied the office, nod assured them that though be felt compelled to resign he would stillta k e the same interest in the lodge ashehaddoD cinthcpast. Tbe address will be exhibited in M r A. P. M iller’s shop on Saturday next. Chalweeb’ Gogprp T bxii»eeaspb U nion.-- A very successful gospel temperance meeting was held in connection with Chalmers’ Church last night, t t r E crr was iu the choir aud opened the meeting with a practical address on total abstinence. Pianoforte solos were rendered b y Misses W estbrook and Y oung; songs by Miss W hite and Mr O liver; r ading, M r -T. Longmore: recitation; Rev. F. Sbaon ; and speeches by Messrs T. and J. Paton. The choir g&ng; several hymns at intervals, and the mectiDg closed shortly afeer 9 o’clock. ®___ k/r____ •“ n l.tn Cbubch M usic.’ —This was the suhje r to f a leciure which tbe Rev. Dr. M iller delivered in the G eulburn street schoolroom last night. Uhe Rev. H . E. Finnis occupied the chair. The lecture comprised a very interesting sketch of ibp subject, and its object was to show that, a sjtp to o d in far closer relation to religion, to Christian doctrine and worship than either of the arts of architecture, sculpture, and painting, tljpy could therefore see the importance pf mployiBg only such music as was the handmaid of religion, 6uch indeed as would harraoniae with it. Uhal description of music they would find in the old Gregorian melodics. Tlie rev. gentleman oxpipsgpd his regret th at more attention had not beep paid to its cultivation, explainedits principled, and argued th a t they were far mote adapted to divine worship than many of those which were a t present included in Hymns Ancient and Modem. The lecture was of an exceedingly Interesting character, and was iuterapersed with Gregorian selections, excellently rendered by the doctor. PxiM iiL Accident. - A painful tal accident occurred on Friday afternoon. Mabel Bayley, the dgughtpi of the Rev, J . M. Bayley, Congregational minister a t Rookwond, N.S.W ., with her little brother, 7 years old, w ent to a crock near the rail v ay to gatbpr ferns, when the little fellow fell into the water- The girl plnckily jumped in and attempted to save him, hut was herself drowned. The boy was saved by some persons who were attracted to the sp.ot by bis crus, bnt the body of tbe girl y"aj nof. xppovered till some time aftor. G eruan Club.—A meeting of the local ‘.'G pr/m s Cfob” yyas held lafl evening ^it u , u ,i business procerdiijgs it irM de- ^ Hold the meetings there weekly, #n(j Het, npirf the fitst and third Tuesday i the month for basiness meetings. ;,i make tlio rlub nltractivo to countr, viBjtora, German, Danish, and Swedish rapera b ooks Tf'ib fr°m tuno to tilUebe placed .qn the ttbhf, containing reports of fhe appeess of tbe foyoign stijl^rs in Tasmanift., apd ibe Idlest’ nears from Fatlieilstid, Several mambers pxprespert their apprehension, from the tet-al silenco of Government and candidates on the subject of immigration, that M r Buck's promises to them in (fcrro^uy, to bring out thejr relatives and friends frfter them on the same as. sisted ejelctn would o?t be carried out by the authorities here- A suggestion r e s mado th a t Tatm sn’a should be made a more prominent field for at trading the many Germans end Scandinavians ^migrating yearly, by advancing their cost of coming out to respectable laboring people, on.® yepayment system under our existing laws. Germans would foel morp independent ooming out in this way, the piepibers said, than bring brought here os "impm* grants’* by some Rm igrant’s Aid Corpo ration. _ „ _ , B jctclk Bxconn. — O n W ednesday jftoruiQg Mr it. 9 . Bishop started from OaUaija M ride 50 milca for the time arid record medalBof llicMarmionUyclmg ^ H c j CXB?tly ^ _ a _t 10 minutes to ^ witlia breeze against him, [Qade -the'})BCe’~pretty fast to Green ponds, whore he had lunch. Going up Constitution Hill the time was slow, but at once -on the flat near Bagdad it increased, till coming on three miles of new metal it wns ngnin slower, but m company with his brother, the rider ^ kept a strong pace fo the ci.d of the journey, arriving at 1 34, tbns riding the 60 miles 3brs 44tnin. of which Bonn vra> Bl Green Ponds. B y this ride Mr. Bishop has beaten M r T. Hallama 50- mile record by nine minutes and secured the time and record medal9 of his club. The rider was fioab at the finish, and his 65-inch .“ B udge” bicycle, notwithstanding the new metal and furious pace, win was none the worse for the journey. The time was taken at Ontlands by M r F 8. Kendall and others, aud a t the finish by Mr T. N. Bj-cng an I two or three who had gone to see the finish. C ity P olice Cqubt,—M r F . W . Mitchell, J.P ., presided a t theCity Police Court to-day, when only a few unimportant cases were brn ig h t on for hearing. Patrick and Bridget PurccI were charged with disturbing the peace, and were each fined 10s Cd and costa, or 14 days. In the case Judge v. Jas. Buwerman, for a breach <f the Public Charities Act, an made for £1 9s 9 d ; and in ir o o i,: breads ct, rder for 2bs and costs, and one goinen rofessional costs, was made. ^ Richard hompson -was charged w ith being drunk nd disorderly at New Town on the 29tb nri., and was fined 6s, or seven, days. ; Swansea.—A correspondent writes ‘'Lost year our municipal councillors made a change in the police by adding a superintendent' of police, to catch the sheepstealers I t is now twelve months since our new super, nude a start, and, with all hi* vigil®uce»he lias nut had enc care of sliccpstcaliug, although wo ate rated Is in the £ police und municipal rates to support tbe extra police. I t is well known here that the native tiger and the fluke-are the great sheepUkors. I t is also well itaown that one can catch the fluke easier than the tiger. I h e new road from Swansea to-Campbell Town requires the tru st to look a t it, as the portion ju st started from the Avoci road for about two miles in places it impaisable, ruts being c a t in ten inches to a foot deep. I t seems th at they make roads and then let them go to destruction for the went of alitlleattentionin tim e.Ihe road to the Springs has had the two culverts done after being long looked for, but the road is very bad to travel. If tbe trust would only lay out our own rates on it it would be in a better state. T ubeisii B ath.—'Ihe Turkish bath will le dosed to-merrow for alterations. F eacas B etween W ell-known R :l liabd F livebs. Al M arlborough si rett. on May 10, John Roberts, of 3» Clifford street, St. James’s, described ns a professional billi:ird-p!ayer, was barged with nssaulting Thomas Taylor, of Carlton -v II las, The Grove. Lambeth, on the ease being colled on, Sergranl Vine, the gaoler, bouded M r Newton a d:ctor’s certificate, which stated that the pre.securer was buffering from a contusion of the eye and fucc and from shock, und that he would bo unable to attend tlio police conrt that morning. Police constable Cross, 346, C, said tliul about half-tiari 11 o’clock on Saturday night he was on duty in Argyll street, Oxford circus, when M rs Taylor came and told him that she wanted him ,as Mr Roberts had been knocking her husband about. Accordingly he proceeded towards Henglcr'sCirque, outside which hesaw Mr Taylor, whore face was disfigured, both bis eyes bring blackeoed. M r la y lor gave Roberts into custody. In reply to M r Newtou, Mrs Taylor said that her husband would probably be well enough to attend the court one day during »h,e present M'ock. Mr N ewton; Then 1 will adjourn the case, Hnd in the meantime mill alLw flip defendant to he at large on hi* own iceoguisauccs iu the sum of £lri. __________ 