BRITISH AND FOREIGN MEMS. Pennsylvania has Buffered severely from heavy floods. Sending jiponica* to England baa been a feature ol the fljriat trade in Boston. Tbe British ship Adolphus was lo3t on January 4, just inside the Delaware breakage. The Roman Catholic and Episcopal churches in the United Statss have pronounced against cremation. The S icramento Bee says tbe Chinese take 15,000,000 dollars a year out of California and send it home. Something in that rumoured plot, or the Prince would not have taken such precautionary measures. Mr. Spurgeon, the eniment preacber, is suffering from heart disease, and is permanently broken in health. The British Government will resolutely oppose any disturbance of the union ol England and Ireland. Nearly 690 newspapers in the United States bear the name of News, of which 34 are located in Pennsylvania. Fifteen swords worn by Garibaldi at different times during his campaigns are to be placed in the Cipitol at R ime. The Eoglish Cardinals, Manning and Howard, have written to tbe Pope in favor of tbe canonizing Joan of Arc. The death of Theebaw's sacred white elephant has caused great grief among devout Buddhists at Mandalay. Tbe lund for the benefit oi James Stephen*, ex-head centre of the Fenian Brotherhood, now amounts to £1700. It was tbe custom of Eastern countries to powder sovereigns at their coronation with gold dust and seed pearl. The Chinese Government has established an Admiralty Board, and great improvements are expected from its formation. According to the official statistics, the principal exports in the colonial trade of Germany consist of brandy and gunpowder. Japan has a society for reforming the style of dressing tbe hair of women. The association has over 2000 members. Tbe wealthy Mormons are organising a powerful lobby in Congress to prevent legislation adverse to their interests. Might is right. The Powers are going to grab the Samoan Islands whether the lawful king there likes the business or not. All the revolutionary movements have ceased in Peru, and that country is about to enter on an era of peace and prosperity. The cold has been so excessive in the Western states of America that many persons, particularly in Nebraska, have been frozen to death. The Greek Minister of Marine has signed a contract for tbe purchase of a Nordenfeldt submarine boat, the cost of which will be £9000. Tbe children inoculated by M. Pasteur, in Paris, for rabies, arrived in New Jersey on January 16. The physicians pronounced them to be in good health. A moat destructive conflagration occurred in tbe French quarter at Shanghai on the 31st December, 250 houses being burnt to tbe ground. Two lives were lost in the fire. Advices from Japan state that small-pox is slill prevalent at Nagasaki, there haviDg been 150 cases in the hospital on the 30th December. The Pope is suffering from an affection of tbe kidneys, but Dr. Metzger, the great Dutch specialist, declares that there ia nothing alarming in the symptoms. A train conveying a military company was completely wrecked on the night of January 13, at Yaldivia, America, and 20 soldiers and 11 officers were killed. From Berlin comes the intelligence of the death of Lieu tenant-General Podewils, inventor of the rifle that bears his name. The deceased was born in 1809. The Spanish city of Amatitlau, about 25 miles south of Guatemala, was badly injured by shocks of earthquake on December 18, which were repeated lor several days. In England there are now upwards of 30,000 blind persons. The proportion of blind people to tbe population of all European nations bears very nearly the same ratio—1 in 1,000. It is proposed to begin work at once on the coast defences and fortifications of New York, Boston, Philadelphia, San Francisco, Savannah, and other large seaports of tbe United States. The British steamer Hylton Castle foundered off Five Island, New York, on January 10, in a terrible gale. The Hylton Castle was overloaded with corn for Rouen. The crew were saved. The Havre Towo Council has voted the sum of lOOOfr. to M. Pasteur, as a mark of gratitude lor his services, and as a contribution towards the expenses of his philanthropic investigations. • The editor of the Poliliken (Copenhagen), who is a member of the Folkethiug, has been eeijff/V to six months' imprisonment for L.rening insulting remarks concerning tbe f ing of. Denmark. There is a sharp advance in American iron and Bteel, and a boom in the iron trade generally. A convention of the manufacturers of Pittsburg has been called to fix piicea, and consider the situation generally. A terrible cyclone passed over Villa Maria, in the Argentine Republic, on December 22, at 1 a.m., doing damage to the extent of &>0,00G. The Patngones railway station was razjd, and no buildings escaped damage. A sentence of four years1 imprisonment has been paused on tbe editor of the Sverigs Tid' ningt Stockholm, for publishing insulting accusations against the Prince and Princess of Wales and the Princess Royal ol Sweden. Earthquakes have been frequent of late in Valparaiso, Tuena, Ania, and Serena. The most alatming, however, have been at Iquique. On December 11 the sea was greatly agitated for two days, and fears ofa tidal wave were felt. The Roumelian revolution has considerably raised the price of gold in Austria. The rise in cereals has been less marked, and it may be attributed in part to large purchases of corn made by Hungarian mills for English, flour contracts. The Government printing in England, which is worth £130,000 a year, will hereafter be open to competition. Of the three firms hitherto enjoying the monopoly, Hansard has had it over a century and the other two nearly as long. A conflict between President Cleveland and tbe Republican majority in (he American Senate regarding appointments has commenced The President refuses to show cause tor suspending Republican officials, and the majority reject his nominations. People in Paris are commenting with tbe greatest interest upon M. Renan's new book, " Le PrOtre de Nemi." It is considered to be a brilliant satire upon the present condition of France, and is marked by all M. Renan's accustomed qualities of style. A despatch from London, dated January 8, says that thu poverty of hundreds of Americans in that city is appalling. Subscriptions are being raised to send the unfortunates home. More than 500 are living in absolute squalor, and subsist only by begging. Over half a dozen of the cz-Confederate generals who went into tbe war bachelors have remained single ever since, among them General Curtis Lee, the handsome and popular son of the Confederate chieftain, and General Jubal Early, who is now 70 odd. "Uncle Tom's Cabin" has been translated into the Armenian, Bohemian, Danish, Dutch, Finnish, Flemish, French, German, Hungarian, Italian, Illyrian, Polish, Portuguese, Romanic, Russian, Servian, Spanish, Swedish, Wallachian, and Welsh languages. Several swindling colonieing schemes have been exposed both in California and in Florida. Immigrants have been induced by speculators to leave Great Britaiu to settle on the land in those states, and after being fleeced of their money have been left to shift for themselves. Lyell estimated that the gorge of Niagara river was cut in about 35,000 year?, but surveys to determine the present rate of recession of tbe falls indicate that the work may have been done in 10,000 years. During 41 years the average annual wear of the rock was 2f ft. The internal heat of the earth is being investigated by the German Government. A shaft sunk at Schladebach has penetrated about 4,666 feet underground, believed to be the greatest depth yet reached by boring. At this peint the earth's temperature is 120° Fahrenheit. Cardinal Panebianca has just died at Rome at tbe age of 77. Ho was not a society cardinal, as he lived a hard life, slept on the boards, bis board being also simple bread and water, with a morsel of cheese now and then by way of a luxury. He despised riche?, and has died rich. When Roscoe Conkling left college the president of the institution, it is said, thus addressed him :—"Your fellow students think highly of you, the tutors and professors think highly of you, I think highly of you, but no one thinks more highly of you than you do yourself." Tbe French Captain Cochet, of the frigate Fabert, who recently visited New Guinea, reports that the country is utterly unfit for agricultural purposes. The climate and the fierceness of the inhabitants, he says, render all enterprises very difficult, if not altogether impossible. There is a report that Robert Browning, notwithstanding "his 73 years, is again talking of a visit to the United State*. He is reported to be very anxious to see Boston, Harvard College, Niagara, and the Yosemite, and may sail after he JIBS finished a new poem on which he is now engaged. Blowitz, the London Timu correspondent at Paris, is a German Jew. His patronymic was Opfer, but being born at Blowitz, Austria, he adopted that name. He is a naturalised Frenchman. Laurence Olipbant is said to have discovered him when acting as Timet correspondent in Paris. An inventor of New York has recently patented a telegraph instrument by which messages are transmitted in fac-simile almost as fast as they can be sent by a good operator in the ordinary way. The message is written upon thin tinfoil, with ink which forms a complete insulation wherever it makes a mark. The Chinese , have been warned from tbe town of Truckee, California. The people, at a mass meeting, declared that food could not be tonnd for the white women and children on account of coolie competitton in all branches of industry. The same course against tbe Chinese has been taken by tbe white residents of Santa Cruz. Mr. Parnell, in A letter to the leaders of the Parliamentary Aid Association of the United States, received on January 6, thanks them for the material aid received during tbe late elections in England. He admits that had it not been for tbe funds forwarded from Canada and the United States many of his nominations must have failed of success. Tbe Boston papers are commenting on the fact that a boy who sold some of his father's furniture in the absence of his parents, received exactly the same sentence as a man who nearly killed his wife. The judge who imposed the sentence evidently believes it is easier to get a new wife than it is to get new furniture. Dr. Oscar Lewz, in a letter to 'the Geographical Society of Vienna, cautions the Europeans against investing capital in setting up factories in the Congo State. He says that there are too many factories there already, and that excessive competition is making it very difficult for these establishments to work at a profit. Senator Stanford, who represents California in the United States Congress, »>nd who recently gave an estate valued at £1,000,000 to found a university in memory of bis deceased son, has announced his intention of giving tbree times that amount in money in order to attract to the new institution " the most brilliant professors in the world." . The Daily News announces the death of Mr. G. M. Crawlord, its Paris correspondent. Mr Crawford represented that journal in Paris for 35 years, and passed safely through more than one great political or social upheaval. A few weeks ago be was stung by a wasp on the carotid artery. Subsequently there were symptoms of blood poisoning, and he died. There has been much talk in Berlin society lately ofa projected alliance between Princess Victoria, born in 16G5, second daughter of the Crown Prince, and Prince William of Wartemburg, who is beir to the throne of that country. The prince, who was born in 1845, is a widower, with one daughter; his first wife, who died in 1882, having been an elder sister to the Duchess of Albany. A new scheme to swindle farmers has been worked in some of tbe southern countries of Michigan. A man comes round buying straw stacks for paper mills. He gives his note for the sum, and asks for a receipt to send to the mills to show what be has bought. It is only tbe old dodge to get the farmer's signature to a paper which afterwards turnB up a promissory note at the bank, left for collection. A test talk with the new Brown's magnetic telephone was recently made between Paramue, on the Erie Railroad, and Conshocken, by the inventor, Frederick H. Brown, before a number of interested parties. The distance is 125 miles. Operations continued for an hour and a half, and it is stated that conversation was carried on in an ordinary tone over a wire of the United Lines, and the test was in every way successful. At a late meeting of tbe North of Eogland Institute of Mining and Mechanical Engineers, T. W. Bunning read a paper on experiments made at Saarbrucken to ascertain the influence of coal duet in explosion in mines. Mr. Galloway, who was present at some of these experiments, stated that if the coal dust were removed from the vicinity of the shot-holes, or kept watered for the space of six yards, the risk of explosion waB removed. " Oar Show," a cartoon to be presented with the coming winter number of Society, contains some excellent caricatures, the work of the well-known Phil May, who is about to proceed to AuBtraliai as leading artist for the Sydney Bulletin, There are well-known characters in almost every grade of society, whose identity could be at once guessed from eome individuality attached to the name, even if the likeness were far less striking than is the case. The Parisians are to have a railway through the principal streets. It is to be on the wire rope and suspended basket principle. The rope is to be attached at a height of about 15ft. to strong iron pillars, paBt which the moving baskets, or in this case mountain omnibuses, slide, without any mechanical difficulty, from station to station. We presume there will be no midway stopping, which will be awkward, but in time the practical conquest of this difficulty will be arranged. The most exciting event in American circles abroad recently was the birth ofason of the Princess Colonna, u€d Eva Mackay. He is to be christened very soon, and tbe event will be a notable one. His christening robe is made entirely of a rare lace. Tbe ritnal will be according to tha Roman Catholic Cbnrch. The flowers, music, and the feast that will follow will be of a most costly description. The Princess is a devout Catholic, and believes in the old custom of christening. Tbe explorers in the Congo Valley are surprised by the crudity of life there. The natives know nothing of flesh as food. No semblance of clothing is worn, and diet is practically confined to spontaneous products of the soil. Letters from missionaries say, too, that the negroes there are so low in mentality that any hope of Christianising them must be based on a long and patientcourse of intellectual training. They are too densely ignorant to comprehend the simplest statements of doctrine. In the course of a recent lecture on the fauna of tbe seashore, Professor H. N. Morsley said it is because all terreatial and deep-sea forms have passed through a littoral phase of existence, and that the littoral animals retain far better than those of any other faunal region tbe recapitulative larval phases, by means of which alone the true historical origio can be recovered, that marine zoological laboratories on the coast have made so many brilliant discoveries in zoology in late years. From Copenhagen the death is reported of Duke Frederick of Scbleswig-Holetein Gliicksburg, brother of the King of Denmark, aged 71\. He was the son of Duke William and the Ducbess Louisa, daughter of the late Landgrave Cbarless of Hesse. He married in 1841 the Princess Adelaide, daughter of the late George Prince of Schaumber Lippe, and bas left two sons and four daughters. He is succeeded in his dukedom by his eldest son, Prince Frederick Ferdinand, born in October, 1885. Tbe following paragraph from Truth may be of U3e to Mr. D. O'Connor, or some other Minister who can talk when the Cabinet ia attacked. It was originally applied to the Conservatives of England, but with some trifling amendments it will suit Mr. Dibbsand bis friends t l These people cannot be in office for six months without dragging us into some needless military expedition. Then they leave the Liberals to get the country out of the mees, and to provide means for so doing. History repeats itself." Mr. Hall Caine, whose " Shadow of a Ciime" was amongst the most successful novels of last season, has written a new story. It is entitled " A Son of Hagar," and, in the words of tbe author, "it is in some measure a plea in tbe form of dramatic action for the rights which are as natural to illegitimate children in the present hour as they were when it was written, 'The Lord bath heard the voice of tbe lad where he is.'" The work is to appear simultaneously in an English, an American, and an Australian newspaper. A terrible tragedy was enacted between 8 and 9 o'clock one night recently at Sybersville, United States. Four tramps entered n small house some distance back from the mainstreet in which lived two bachelor brothers, John and William Kester, aged respectively 50 and 54, and demanded a large sum of money which was known to be secreted about the house. Tbe Kesters refused to reveal where the money was hid, and the tramps then bound them both hand and foot, and beat their brains out with a heavy club. They fled, and have not been airested. When working-men candidates get into the British Parliament they all know it. A very loud note was struck at a meeting of the Workmen's Peace Association in London, when Mr. Leicester, M.P., a glassblower, remarked that he was going into Parliament "in order to teach the intellectual ruffians who bad hitherto sat there bow to behave themselves. Lord Randolph Church ill," Mr. Leicester added, " should not black his boots, and there were many dukes whom he should think he was honoring by looking at them." Perhaps Mr. Leicester and his friends bad better leave the question of manners alone. A Paris paper has a story of an American impresario who visited Europe to engage . Madame Nilsson for a series of concerts. The terms were brilliant, but the lady, nevertheless, declined them, as they were coupled with the condition that she was to sing " Le Boi de Thule," from " Faust," dressed as Marguerite, and working somebody's sewing machine, instead of tbe usual spinning wheel. The instrument was to be lighted with electric lamps displaying the name of the inventor. Madame Nilsson had some difficulty in getting rid of the pertinacious agent, who supposed that his offer was insufficient, and proposed to cable home any price she liked to name. " We are, no doubt, a great and generous people" (says the Pall Mall Gazette); "at least we have been told so often enough. But it would be interesting to learn what the poor little Sultan who rules over the solitary Maldive Islands in the Indian Ocean thinks about our generosity. For ever so many years past be has been rescuing our sailors wrecked on his coasts, and treating them with much hospitality, bearing the whole expense of this himself. Lately it occurred to tbe Government that he deserved eome reward for these services, so her Majesty's ship Dragon was despatched to him with a field-glass in token of approval." Possibly this was sent him to enable him to look out for more recipients for his bounty. The best patrons of tbe couturieres and modistes are (says the Home News) invariably tbe great theatrical stars and the demirfnondains. For the latter, the one excellent rule of cash down always obtains, and as they are most presentable people, who do smart dreuet full justice, exhibiting them and themselves as publicly and as much as they can, their cuBtom is not to be despised. But the leading actresses are the chief supporters of the trade. There was great talk of Sarah Bernhardt'a American outfit a year or two ago ; but it has been quite outdone by that of Madame Jndic, who has just started lor the States. The number of dresses made for the latter filled from 20 to 30 large tranks, and cost /8,000. Judic, who suffers from embonpoint, depends a good deal on her dressmaker, and sne would be probably less charming it lees admirably turned out. But she will, no doubt, be a great success in America. In any case, she cannot lose much herself, seeing that she has been guaranteed sum of ,£30,000, and that already there is a rush to secure eeats. The only cloud is the threat of the little American actTess, Lotta, to bring the law to forbid Judic to appear in her own parts, on the gronnd that Jadic has already sola the right oi reproduction in America to Lotta. 