Mr. Fietzcker's Mission. With regard to the futile attempt made last year to obtain labourers for the sugar plantations under the indent ing system, two main questions arise, and deserve consideration. Did the Government make an honest attempt to accommodate the planters with European labourers of the agricultural class ? If so, why was the attempt un successful? A'"perusal of the parlia mentary papers relating to the subject will satisfy every candid mind that a bona fide attempt was made to procure the class of labour, which it was alleged on all handB was obtainable on the continent of Europe in large quantities. That the effort failed is. equally undeniable. On the 14th February, 1885, Mr. A. E. H. Pietzcker was gazetted an agent for emigration on the continent of Europe. He went on his mission with instructions, through the Agent General, to do hiB best. His functions were to " superintend all matters of business connected with the shipment of intending emigrants ; to see that the persons proposed for passage were of a suitable class; to explain to them the circumstances of the colony, the con ditions under which they would have to work, the current rate of wages in the colony, the reasons why they— being unfamiliar with the language and circumstances of the colony—might reasonably expect at first a lower rate of wages than that usually paid ; the advantages • to be derived from emigration under the constitution and land laws of the colony ; and generally to see that the emigrants understood the nature of the agreements into which they entered." . From the foregoing it will be ob served. that Mr. Pietzcker'B instructions were explicit, his duties accurately defined. He was not to be a tout, but a protector. He was to see that no deception was practised on the emi grants whom it was proposed to bring to the colony. On their part there was to be voluntary engagement, but it was to be made openly, with a full know ledge of the circumstances of the colony and the conditions of labour. Ho risk was to be run of after-irrita tion. If the issue should prove to be disappointing, it was not to occasion reproach to the Government or their agent. The agents of the planters would engage the labourers, Mr. ■ Piotzcker would sco that they understood their engagements. All this was to be done, supposing that peoplo could be induced to come, or that the respective .Governments, of tho coun tries from which it was desired to obtain immigrants were willing to facilitate their engagement and depar ture. It was predicted here by some' people that the method would fail because of official obstruction!. Mr. Pietzcker soon discovered that the pre diction was likely to be fulfilled. On the 6th July he informed the Agent General that the German Imperial; Government was opposed to, granting; any facilities to emigration agents; any person acting as such agent .would. bo compelled to obtain a license, and give a guarantee of £900. He could not see that any good end would be , gained by his remaining at Hamburg; or applying to the Government or to ■< the authorities of the Hanse towns ; for a permit to act as an emi gration agent. Mr. Garrick. visited Hamburg, and was obliged to come to - the same conclusion. Denmark was reported as a more inviting field-. • The Danish Government at first offered no. objections. Subsequently_ difficulties-' were thrown in the way. At last the Director of Police formally objected to" Danish subjects leaving the country..! under contract, to Queensland planters. • So an end came to this form of relief • for the sugar planters. That the Gov- * ernment entered honestly and earnestly into the plan there can be no doubt. An experiment was made at consider able cost; it failed. . • . ! '!.. "What were the causes of failure ?' There was only one application received' for indented labourers. . Before even that could be complied with obstructive agents and methods were in operation. In Germany the obstruction is partially explicable on grounds of State policy. Prince Bismarck objectB to build up other nations at the expense of his own.. All Germans settling in British colo nies are lost to the German Empire. There are military reasons why this . objection is raised. Every able-bodied male German is more of less a soldier. The greatness of the empire depends! on its military strength. Anything . that would diminish that strength, or lessen the resources from which hosts of fighting men could bedrafted,isdepre-' cated. Again, the modern German policy includes the founding of colonies. Bismarck is amazed and ' annoyed; to : find that while he and his people have ; slept contentedly within their native ! enclosures the Britishers . have .been making their pick of the choicest spots of the world. He has also discovered: that the Teuton is not more disposed to vegetate in poverty than the. Anglo Saxon. GermanB are enterprising, and' • they have noticed that enterprise and industry find wider scope for profitable exercise in new countries than in old ' ones. So the Imperial authorities have taken to colonising. They are extend ing the bounds of their empire. They are providing localities for . German immigrants where German hold on them ! will not be lost. The German colonies must be occupied ; for them . the ' migratory section ot the people are re quired. So" Bismarck objects to.. strengthening the British power, by,. Teutonic material. Another obstruc tion arose from the communication hence of adverse opinions, which found their way into the Ger man PreBB. The Bame thing pc-. curred in Denmark. Some individual in Brisbane, a colonist of fifteen years' standing, wrote to the Director of Police, and strongly denounced the proposal to bring Danes to Queensland, . who " might lie patient, dull, and suffering enough to do negro's work." This gentleman, whose name is sup pressed, no doubt had motives for writing in the strain he did; possibly his motives were purely and solely patriotic and disinterested. But one thing is clear, there were people in Queensland who did their utmost to frustrate the plan for procuring cheap European labour. If the planters themselves had done it they could not more effectually have blocked the way., "Was it done for. the purpose of retain ing the cheaper and more servile1 coloured labour? 