Released from Pedi Island, The Dorunda in Sort. •Attaj 6re •weeks' inoaroeration ea Peel Island tBe Dorundu passengers and im migrants were released from confinement en Saturdays The history of their voyage is pretty weiii kno wn, and the cirnamstancesthat necessitated their being quarantined are equally pablio. The Dotunda s voyage was a most sncoessfol one nntii the cholera broke out after leaving Cooktown. Then commenced a long series of misfortunes that culminated in detention at Peel Island. Opitrions appear to differ as to whot-fonn of cholera it wasthat broke ont on board. The first indication of it was sudden and fatal. A. man was cleaning ont one of the baths whetr tie wat suddenly attacked with diarrhoea, and by night he was dead. This was sadden enough to cause some little alarm at auyrate, and when more people were taken ill matters began to look serious, and the passengers com menced to ask what was the matUr, and what would be the consequenoes. Captain Savers m of opinion that timidity on the part of some of those on hoard caused the disease to spread Bomewhatmorethan it wouldhavedone. Be that as it may, it gradually did spread until, when Townsville was reached, the signs of cholera* wete very apparent "What happened at Townsville is well knowu to the general public. The health-officer there hoarded the ship, and in his opinion the disease was cholera. The ship was at once quarantined and the yellow flag went up. Then came the questkm as to whether the passengers should be landed at Magnetic Island, or brought down to Peel Island so us to be near Brisbane and the authorities. The action of the Premier in ordering the vessel to come doan the ooset was warmly approved of, sad it has teen distinctly proved that he waa correct in his calculation. After leaving1 Townsville the vessel came down the coast, and •eon *he arrived in the Bay, aad was then taken ia Beel Island. Here all the passengers were landed, and then the sentence of banish ment from civilisation commenced. The Dorunda lay-to off the island, a solitary look ing objeot, and rhe dejected passengers had to make the best they could of a bad job. from information gathered from various sources, it appears that the life on Peel Island was not what might be described as abed of roees, but decidedly a bed of tboms, and pretty sharp ones too. "We were put ashore and left to get on the best way we conld. So long as we wire out of the way it did not appear to matter to anyone," Baid one passenger. This is not only his solitary opinion, but it is the opinion of many others, from all accounts the accommodation on Peel Is land is most inadequate for a large number of people, and the arrangements are of the rndest description. The people were separated certainly. The single girls were by themselves", and the single men and the married ponplee had separate quarters. The hospital where the sick patients were isolated was, sf course, alone on the island. It must not, however, be supposed that the healthy people were sens pletely isolated from the unhealthy ones. Tsr instanoe, the people passing to and fro to the* telegraph offioe, &o..; were constantly coming into communication with people not conva lescent. The saloon passengers had no superior accommodation provided for them, and complaints are rife relative to the scarcity of water and the size of the ntensils to wash in. In fact it seems to hare been somewhat of a treat to be able to get properly washed at all. One lady says she had to sleep as be-t she could on a mattress on the floor, and her ohildren had to sleep with her. " S re you glad to get ashore in a civilised p'aoe once more?" was the question asked. "Glad to get ashore! why I believe if they had not let us come off on Saturday, we should have tried to ewim to the boats. I can assure you peopfo nearly wept when they heard that we might be kept in that hole until Monday. We did not mind the wet. We would have gone through any amount of that to get to Brisbane. It waa a relief to get to a good hotel and have a good meal, but the washing was almost the best part of the ohange " The food provided for use on Feel Island does not appear to have found much favour in the sight, or, more oorreotly speak ing, the taste of those located there, dome of the bread was sour, and the meat not good. "We gotmostof our little delicacies from the ship, such as fowls, duoks, &o.; The company behaved very well to us, and deserve all praise, and Ciptain Sayers is a grand fellow, but the less said about the authorities the better. We should like to hove had a few of them down there for a short time, and then they would have known what it waa like. Dr. Wray is not very popular with us, I can tell you, and if he. had come ashore I believe some of the people would have made it pretty hot for him. It can easily be seen what the people think of him by the various little poetical effusions that are written np on sundry doors, &o.; Perhaps it was not altogether Dr. Wray's fault, hut still he waa looked upon aa the guilty party. For a very small outlay the Government could make Feel Island quite habitable, but at the present time it is about as dull and uninteresting a place as you could find. The cooking apparatus is only fit for blackfollows, as there are no proper ovens for the food. We ought to have been free long ago, for there has been no siokness on the island for over three weeks, and only one case broke out whilst we were there, and the patient recovered. If tho saloon passengers had bean isolated when first put ashore, and kept quite apart, they could" have come ep to town in a week, because (here was really no illness amODgst them at all, and we were all well and not a bit afraid. We were free citizens coming to a free country, and expected to be treated as such Our souroe of amuse ment was very limited. Wo were not allowed to fko.t, although there were plenty of birds about that wo should have relished very much. No, we were not allowed even to fish, and this would have passed away a considerable amount of time if we had, be-m ullowed to indulge in it. Our principal Occu pation was trying t« kill iimo, and-we: suc ceeded badly. We shall never forget'this last Christmas in Queensland. All tho immigrants behaved remarkably well, and were most polite and orderly, and tho sfcgle girls were a most exceptional lot. Most of them were coming oat to friends, and were of a superior class to most of those sent out. Every praise is dao to Dr. Hickling, who was most kind and attentive throughout, and he never hesitated onoe in his duty or re fused to render assistance when called upon at any time. Perhaps the Danish people Buffered the most. They were poor, and could not apeak a word of English. Several of them died." Tho above quotation is a fair account of a conversation with one of the saloon pas sengers, nnd farther mixing with the immi grants and hearing what they had to say has confirmed the statement. Tho Dornnda came up the river on Sunday morning, and was at once berthed alongside -Mcs-tvj. Parbury, Lamb, and Co.'s wharf at South Brisbane. The 6hip has been thoroughly fumigated, and the whole of her fittings taken out . and burnt. The whole of the passengers are now in Brisbane, and appear heartily glad to be released. 