\ GERMAN, . % N'lj, M^hiNAKIAN, , i :;;.,;??:.;? uliMMiGRANm\ :.,;,,'(? » ..,?,;?) .,?. ; 3Jhe .£ pllpwing,is a copy of the report laid ? ;befpre ;the Legisiative Counoil.:-T- ??;? .?!..?.-??'?- . i iniprosentingthe follov^ingi cursory;.re-i port, on the. .result, of. the introduction, of : German and ,, Scandinavian settlers -iinto* -Tasmania, ;I beg to say . that their earliest! arrivals ,date from 1853 to 1856, the , former: ithe.'.date of my .own arrival here.; niFtorix 11870 to i872 this iaimipration. was re3unied, and', the .last small instalment. was also: .brought out by me in September, 1884., ? . ! Through the kindness of the Goyernmenfc Statistician I am able to state .the; follow- , ingfigures.based on the Ia3t.census.of 1881. It appears that there; are 1436 of the above nationalities;, now in the i colony, .butf as' many, Germansj, Danes, ; etc.,., have, -come here not as immigrants, since the date;, of' the census, and. who do hot appear on my, Iist3, the total number; may be fairly esti (m'ated' at 1700. .'Many have come here,, 'guided by apamphet which. I ^published in' Hamburg, in German and Danish, of which; I [subjoin a copy, and which -is ;the only, book published! in, Germany , about ;? this colbhy as a desirable field , for .emigration.. One family has been induced by it.to leave Samoa for here,:: and is np-y- settled in the country. .: .,,. ' .,,,,?.,'*?:...«? :,?,;?! ',?,:' ; :--.- ?-.? ,1 The general character of, ,my i immigrants is j gregarious! ' They /arrive here, go into, country service, and .after haying saved money enough' out of their wagiss/ make robin' for othersi and look, about, fpr apiece, of i Crown- land, in, the' neighbourhood of, where one or two, of tbo: older arrivals have settled, sometimes in most inaccessible parts, and which would be considered as '^ot good enough ' by most settlers, and thus lay the foundation of ' German towns ' all over the island. I give one instance out of many (similar ones : — A man and his family oi children I brought in October last put out of his and his wife's earnings about .£40 into the Savings Bank, goes and buys 50 acres of Crown land down Channel, purchases his provisions, and takes down a pair of horses, plough, and implements, a cow, sow and boar, a stock of poultry, etc., builds himself a bouse o«t of the material on. the ground, and settles down with some fourorfive German and Scandinavian neigh bours out of the same ship, also holders of 50 acres each in a place where there were only one or two foreign settlers before. Others out of the last lot have gone down to ' the Peninsular and in the same way promise to do well. This class of immi grants, who invest in the colony the money they made here, should have their passage money advanced in terms of repayment. Another instance, a man,wife, and fami ly : of, six small girls I brought out about '72'. The girls went into domestic service after finishing their schooling, then got married, some to Tasinanians.some to Ger mans, and muster now between them up wards of 25 souls, the young ones natives, but with all the Saxon thrift and energy of their parents in them. The older set tlers up Bream Creek, Ringarooma, ? Jeru salem, and many other districts are all substantial men, and my present, lot bids fair to rival them in time. Their general character is law abiding, industrious, saving, and honest, [ 'good pay,' r as the saying ii. They are not rabid politicians —our peasantry at home are not much used to politics — but 'that does not prevent them, from being the most desirable element we could have introduced into the. colony as a leaven. As for physique they stand very high. One need only look at some of ray, men, who have taken places as private coachmen ; it is a pleasure to look both, at them and the condition of their horses. As to domestic service, the German and Dan ish female servant bears certainly favour able comparison with the average colo nial servant maid.: I now beg to submit the . following particulars kindly furnished me by the different de- ? partuients :— 1. A number of charts show ing ,the more clustered settlements of Germans' and Scandinavians in the colony, ;to which must be added the numerous de tached settlements of my people in other districts. 2., A return of their investments in the Savings' RauKs, Hobart, about iiioOOO;- depositors averaging .£20 each. 3. An estimate bf their investment in the life insurance, 91- polices for ^612,500, exclusive of ?1nnrthera', branches. ''. 4.' The valuation rolls 'showing to what large extent they coo tribute to the revenue of the colony. ; Tlie ?foreign natne3 are easily picked out of eaoh r!-ii. 5. By a rough estimate there are about '250 children of foreign descent on the roils' ''and' in attendance at public schools. . As to 'occupations' the large preponderance is on the side of small agri cultural' pursuits, an-i as to wages they generally get better or as good pay as their competitors brought here , from , London, . ;and give value for money., Thjs.shows. that their introduction; anyhow, does ''not -^end to 'cheapen labour:'' ' Th'e 'Germans, ib whom tho, (Dkilyti Teltgrd,^ alluded) some. tiine,,;ago,',. ,,were,,rinot, .of» my,i1 Selection) i but came from) , Adelaide to ) tryr theirhludk*1 here, .andlireturned.i, Alii- the Danes andi Gerinanp whiph were.-introdtfeed by ,'lne'aro1 npw,settlod in-JEasmaniai - ! ?!, ,' .r mhl ]-'?:'.- ; 1 I hope I have mad© out.afairlcase for1 the ? desirableness of the continued introduction \ of :,the ,]Bam^ ; classiof1 immigrants. (Unden proper selection. ' ,n.-i tii'-it i .I,have now, the namea of a-nuinberioqUal to j 150, statute adults ^waiting-; :atthome to eomeand join their friends -already settled in Tasmania. They are ready- to fulfil tho- conditions - of my proposed, repayment system^f.-It is not intended to swamp the colony, with Germans,i :Danes, and, Swedes to [.the exclusion iof Scotch orofters, Irish peasants, and English farmersibut, an addi tion !\to .the small number, of foreign peasantry now here, and who . have proved sOj.v.ery, useful, is certainly -desirable; in the interest of our colony, the most suitable for them. ].,,..- ,. ? ?? i -|, ? ;i-- i :'?'?? ?? '? 'i ; ! .» ,,?,',;,, .'„!?,,.-?, - :, , ;!!_.; ,F.J BUCK, I Agent under .the. late immigration sys tem for Tasmania in Germany, etc;; ?„. ? ? I St.1 Joseph's Banij.-^— The secretary to the, Intercolonial' Fire' Brigades Demonstratiori ? Committee telegraphed Monday as follows : -j-St. Joseph's Champion Band .were grandly entertained at Botany Bay by Mr;', P. ?Smith, on' Saturday, and on Sunday' by ;Mr.:!P. Taylor at Eaad wick; .and were taken 'round1 the' Harbour on Sunday, performing to the1 delight of their guests. During the ' .trip 'to-day' they are 'to open a bazaar in the presence' Of Lord and Lady Carrihgtbn 'and Cardinal Moran. The band performed :at the Gaiety Theatre oil Saturday, evening, and'were vbuiferously.encored.1 Their per fbrmahce'is highly' commented ' upon1 by' the'Press/and the' Brigade 'Committee are enthusiastic ' in their ' praises of the band's conduct.' ' !They will, 'be1 feted at.'.Gbulr' bourn tb-ihorrow. ' A; m'e'eting'of supporters of St. Joseph's 'Band was held at the Cbrii-' w'air'HoteTbn'Monday,1 when' there.wa's a large1 attendance;' Mr. ' M; 'E.: Ebbinsbn1 occupying the chair.: ' If was decided 'to ask the City Band -x- meet' the1 members of St.' Joseph's on' arrival ! here' 'on Friday Tn'ext,' andaccompiauy tliem round the to wni '. In ,tte evening Messrs. .M'MaKon1 ahd: Leitbh will preseht'Mr. ^.,'Harrisbnj leader 'of Sti. Joseph's 'Band, with a;' medal' ; at the Academy of Music; in !hbn6ur of the band's victory. On Friday night week' a .public de: monstratio'n will be' held in; the Town Park tol welcomethe hand, and in which it isin terided to ask the Friendly 'Societies to take parti' Messrs. M'Mahon1 and ? Leitch have offered two guineas as a presentation to the band, which sum will doubtless be supple mented by private subscriptions. The secre tary to Intercolonial Fire Brigades Demon stration Committee Tuesday forwarded ub the following telegram : — 'The St. Joseph's Champion Band received a grand ovation at Goulburn. The town was illuminated, and there was a grand entertainment given in the Academy of Music. The band per formed in the orchestra, and also in the reserve during the day, and were compli mented on their excellent playing. The members of the band have enjoyed' them- selves thoroughly. Their reception every where has been worthy of princes, and most enthusiastic. They arrive in Mel bourne to-night, arid leave per s.s. Flinders on Thursday. They are all anxious for a safe return home after so much warm and , weary travelling and sightseeing.' Police Court.— The Bench at the Laun ceston Police Court was occupied Thursday by Messrs. G. A^ Kemp, Acting P.M., and Ernest Whitfeld, J.P. ; A irian was fined 5s for having been1 drunk. 'Mary Ann Ander son was sent to gaol'for six'months for' having been idle !and disorderly. Mary Wilkinson' was charged with having, on October 14; left; her infant child in the possessiori;of her husband, James Wilkin son, without the 'means of support. The de fendant pleaded guilty, and said she was willing to' take the child back.1 She was ordered ' .to do 'so, ; ; and the /case was ' accordingly ':; dismissed. Judg ment- for 'the' plantiffs'. was given against the ^Great \ Britain , Gold ' Mming Company in the following rion-pay ment of wages'1 bases 'which were heard exparte : —William Embleton, S10 j; Henry Jewell, £9 12s; John Sanderson, £9 ,12s, and Samuel Stephens, .£8 12s. ' Thomas, Parkinson pleaded not guilty to having oh the 8th instant left his wife, -Margaret' Emily Parkinson without means of sup port. Complainant gave e\idence to the effect that she had only been married three months when her husband left her and went to live in another house. Com plainant refused to leave the house she was then in and she would not go to live with her husband. The' Bench said the fault was on the complainant's side, and they would therefore dismiss the case, as she was bound to live with her husband wherever he lived. ? - .-, Hospital Items. — Thursday morning two navvies named Thomas M' Gee, aged 36, and Abraham Bull, aged 25, were' ad- mitted into the Launceston General Hospital, the former suffering from frac ture of hi3 left ribs and bruises to his thigh and leg, while Bull was suffering from bad bruises about the body principally in the vicinity of the hips. It appears that the men we're working at the spoil bank on the Killafaddy estate, the earth from which is being utilised for works in progress at the Launceston terminus, when a quantity of earth suddenly fell on them, inflicting the injuries mentioned.-' The men were immediately brought to town in a ballast wagon, and admitted into the1 Hospital. ? . ? ??? ?'? ? Train Memb.— By, the up express 'train for Hobart Thursday, Mr. R. J,: Beadbn, Deputy- Commissioner,1 was/a, passenger; en ' route to Hxibart1. ? Mr. lpl Back; manager of Government Eailways',1 was' a paBserrgur -by - the same train. ' iCpNOE^'p/;ATt'l\y-^8!rBtiaj.T7-A concert. ^.yl be', 'i^l^'c[in.'iiio , Pfl ^lic . , L| brary ) ! Wes tbu.ryy . . ori'Wednes'day evening next. . (show, night), when several of .-.tli^. pending amateuis of .Launcpstpn will takfe part.; .',,,;' : ,,., :/.«.(.; i| ,','An, .Unfortunate Loeg. — rA-.hard work-- . ing man, named ! James Leslie, who. rents -a ,'bmallihoiiseiandiomeland from Mr. James Lamont! near Mb wbray,' has inefci-with a sail calamity. It appears that Leslie witli'-h' is, .wife 'were 'absent froin home on Monday' lasi,'ieaving the place in charge of three of tlibir children. The youngsters subsequently went but into the yard to play, and. while there the house baught fire. In about ton minutes the dwelling, together with its contents, was totally ? consumed, nothing remaining but 'the' bare chihmey.1. The furniture, which^was valued at about J55O, was uninsured. , A .collection is now, being, taken up for, Leslie, and it- is anticipated a fair amount will- be received.; ; Riplb, ..CLtrBS. — During! the defence ? debate an { the' Assembly on Wednesday, Mr. Mackenzie asked how often the in structor ? of 'rifle olubs -would visit the various districts ?, The Treasurer said twice a ?year;'and'mbre'if ; necessity. arose.; He then took occasion' 'to say that in Colonel Bernard the colony-had a first-class officer, . and ,onei who' took .the warmest interest.: in/ the matter; of .'rifle clubs. He was pleased to see that rifle clubs were being, taken up. warmly throughout the colony ; there were no'w1 111 olubs 'established, with 430 member's, ?and other clubs were, being formed^ Mr..-. Hawkessuggested that some bettor system tie adopted, for . obtaining rifle ranges, etc., ; : ' for clubs.,Colonel St.Hill said helooked upon IcWntry rifle clubs ras the backbone of the futdre- defence force, and' he trusted- th'e! Hoiise( would treat them liberally .'/He ad vo1 ;cate'd' ranges,1 'ammunition',' etc.,, being fur 'nished.to.,meni.bers pf rifle blubs, as'speedily - - and I easily i.fis ^possible; and he paid high tribute, to gColbnel i Bernard,! than whom! he b'ylieved a better officer, , could not bej ^obtained, : and 'he .suggested- that' he- be1 ; aiiioweai torage^tor nisnorse. - JU^nug-tii6 disoussion1 which' followed; members gener ally spoke favourably of the rifle'clubsiand a; general , hope was expressed' that they ? ?iwoulii'b'e ericourage'das'far as:possible. ' m 