Mr. Pietzckar's Slissioa. AVitii reganl to the futile attempt made last year to obtain labourers for lue sugar plantations under the indent ing system, two main questions arise, and deserve consideration. Did thu Government m.iko an lionc-si atts-.npt to accommodate tho planters with European Jr.bourero oi tfle n..;;'.eii!l:nv.l j class ( If so, why was the attempt uu- j suecesii'ul? A ljeru-.-al o'L l)ia jiarlLi- I meniary papers relating to tho Eiibjoco will satisfy every eacUid mind that .'. ben a Jidc attempt was made to prosuro the class of labour, which it was alleged on all tends v;as obtainablo en the continent of Europe in largo j quantities. That the effort failed is equally uu'leuiablo. On the 1-ith February, 1SS5, Mr. A. E, II. Pietzcker was gazetted an agent for emigration oa the continent of Europe. lie went on hid mission with instructions, through the Agent General, to do his best. His functions were to ' superintend all matters of business connected with the shipment of intending emigrants ; to see that the j persons proposed for passage were of a suitable class ; to explain to them the circumstances of the colony, the con ditions under which th?y would have to 'wort, tho current rate of wages in the colony, the reasons why they — being unfamiliar with the language and circumstances of the colony — might reasonably espect' at first a lower rate of wages than that usually paid ; the adTantages to be derived from emigration under the constitution and land laws of th1) colony ; and generally to see that tho emigrants understood the nature of the agreements into which they entered.' Prom the foregoing it will be ob served that Mr. Pietzcker's instructions were explicit, his duties accurately denned. He was not to be a tout, but a protector. He was to eeo that no deception was practised on tho emi grants whom it was proposed to bring to tlie colony. On their part there- was to be voluntary engagement, but it was to be made openly, with a full know ledge of tho circumstances of the colony and tho conditions of labour. Ko risk was to be run of afterirrita tion. If the iseuo should prove to be disappointing, it was not to occasion reproach to tho Government or their agent. The agents of the planters would engage the labourers, Mr. Pietzeker would see that they understood their engagements. All this was to be done, supposing that people could be induced to come, or that the respective Governments of the coun tries from which it was desired to obtain immigrants were willing to facilitate their engagement and depar ture. It was predicted here by some people that the method would fail because of official obstruction. Mr. Pietzcker soon discovered that the pre diction was likely to be fulfilled. On the 6th July he informed the Agont GeEeral that the German Imperial Government was opposed to granting iiry facilities to emigration agents; any person acting as such agent would be compelled to obtain a license, and give a guaranteo of £900. lie could not aee that aDy good end would be gained by his remaining at Hamburg, or applying^ to the Government or to the authorities of the Hanse towns for a permit to act as an emi gration agent. Mr. Garrick visited Hamburg, and was obliged to come to the same conclusion. Denmark was reported as a more inviting field.. The Danish Government at first offered no objections. Subsequently difficulties were thrown in tho way. Atlast tho Director of Police formally objected to Danish subjects leaving tho country under contract to Queensland plantors. So an end camo to this form of relief for the sugar planters. That tho Gjv ernment entered honestly aud oarnestly into tho plan there can bo no doubt. An experiment was made at considur aWo oust ; it failed. 'What were tho causes oE failure? There was only 0110 application recoivod for indented labourers. Before even that could bo complied with obstructive agents and methods were 111 operation. In Germany tho obstruction is partially explicable 'on grounds of Stato policy. Prince Bismarck objects to build up other nations at tho expense of I113 own. All Germans settling in British colo nies are lost to tho German .Umpire. There are military reasons why this objection is raised. Evjry ubk'-bodiod male German is more or 'eys a soldier. The greatness of thu empire, depends on its military sliviiglh. Anything that would dimmish that strength, or lessen the resources from which h'.i^ts of fightingmen could bedraftcd, is depre cated. Again, tho modern G-ormin policy includes the founding of cokmio3. Bismarck is amazed aud annoyed to find that while ho and his people luve slept contentedly within their native enclosures the Britishers have bei;n making their pick of the choicest spo.ts of tho world. Ho has also discovered that the Teuton is not moro disposed to vegetate in poverty than the Anglo Sax^n. Germans are cuferprising, and they have noticed that enterprise and industry find wider scope for profitable exercise in new countries than in old ones. So the Imperial authorities havo titken to colonising. They ara extend ing the bounds or' their empire. Tlioy are providing localities for German immigrants where German hold on them will not be lost. The German colonies must be occupied; for them the migratory section or the people are re quired. So Bismarck objects to strengthening the British pswor by Teutonic material. Another obstruc tion arose from tho cominu.nica.tiou hence of adverso opinions, which found their way into the Ger man Press. The same thing oc curred in Denmark. Some individual in Brisbane, a colonist of fifteen years' standing, wrote to the Director of Police, and Btrongly denounced the proposal to bring Danes to Queensland, who ' might be patient, dull, and suffering enough to do negro's work.' This gentleman, whoso name is sup pressed, no doubt had motives for writing in the strain he did ; possibly his motives ivoro purely and solely patriotic and disinterested. But one thing is clear, there were people iu Queensland Who did their ui 11103* to frustrate the plan for procuring cheap i European labour. Ii: the planters themselves had done ii; they could, not more effectually havo blocked the way. Was it done fur the purpose of retain ing iho cheaper aud more servile coloured labour r 