BRITISH AND FOREIGN MEMS. Work has begun on the new steel piers of the Niagara suspension bridge. The King of Siam has christened his newborn son George..Washington. The Jlatfl in Paris at present unoccupied would accomodate 200,000 people, it is stated. The Socialist B apron J, who was the leader of the strikes in 1885, has been expelled from Beilin. Fifty thousand acres of crops and two villages hate. been destroyed by floods in Hungary. - - The tobacco served in London shops is so vile that an M.P. has called the attention of the House to it. - The merchants at Montreal now estimate the loss of property by the recent flood at .£2,000,000. The Chinese Gsvernraent propose to build a palatial residence in Washington ior its representatives. . The French Radical press says that Comte de Paris's manifesto completely unmasks him as a conspirator. In London, they no longer call blood and thunder 'stories " penny dreadfuls," but " shilling shockers;" American papers state that 100 idle coal vessels left New York on June 11 to seek employment elsewhere. The movement has been started in Germany to adopt a system oi legal education similar to that in vogue in Greet Britain. Mr. Justice Butt, of the English High Court of Justice, has'decided tbat'a divorce obtained in America is invalid in Eogland, A large percentage of the children in Germany and Denmark being sickly, the meiical men declare that the school hours are too long. The commander of the German gunboat Cyclops recently bombarded and destroyed the town of Moneybimbia, on the west coast of Africa. The weather has been so exceptionally severe in the south of England that large numbers of returning Bong-birds have been frozen to death. An assistant in a grocery establishment at Llandudno has just learned that he is heir to a fortune of .£16,000, left to him by a deceased uncle in America. A question likely soon to come to the fore is the practicability of tunelling between England and Ireland. At one point the distance is under 22 miles. Cases of lead poisoning in Paris have been traced to bread and flour, certain holes in the millstones which ground the grain having been filled up with lead. The celebrated business known for so many years as Tattersall's, in Grosvenor-place, London, is about tj be converted into a limited liability company. The Cape Government have introduced a Bill in the Cape Parliament for annexing the X'sibe country, and another lor reducing the Ministers' salaries. Of 7000 persons ino:ulated for the yellow fever by a Rio Janeiro physician, only seven died of the disease, although the epidemic was of unusual intensity. The French Railway Commission has decided to send delegates to London to study the underground railway, with a view to its introduction in Paris. The last born child of the Duke and Duchcs* of Connaught has received tbfl rame of 4 1 Patricia/' from the fact of iis having been horn on Sr. Patrick's Day, A Jew in Pereslavl died lately at the given age of 117 years. The Krevlanen reports that he had been arranging to marry for the ninth time shortly before his death. The Prince's dock extension works at Bombay afford employment for a large number of coolies. Nine thousand men and women are daily' engaged on these work*. A newspaper paragraph savs the piles of oil London Bridge, put down in the year 900, are still sound, the water and the blue mud of the Thames having preserved them. The French Anti-Tobacco Sjcietv has offered a prize for. an essay on the effect of smoking upon literary men and the chance that the habit may ruin French literature. The British House of .Commons has agreed to emend the L'qnor Bill by providing for the closing on Sunday of every publichouse in England, except in London aud its eubuibs. London newspapers report the sale of the Scarborough. Aquarium, which cost £100,000 within a few year?, for ,£4500, probably the biggest shrinkage in value of a show-piace on lecoid." ... The wife of ihe <G>vernor of the Bahamas has contributed lovelv sketches of her island home to the Colonial Exhibition. The lady is Mrs. Blake, sister of the Duchcss of St Albans. A gun, 70 tone in weight, 32 feet in length, and with a 14-itxb bore has been mounted on the fortifications at Wilhelm^haven. It is to fire a shell weighing 7cwt., and its powder charge is 3uwt. It is repotted in the Rassian newspapers that the Khan of Khiva will visit the capitals of Europe for which journey 100,000 rou* lea have been granted, presumably by the Russian Government.' A BII hbs been passed by the New York Legislature annulling -the charter of the Broadway. Surface Railway, which was procured by bribery from the New York aldermen sow under indictment. : Two bloodthirsty and daring knights of the road—Juan Baca and Luiz Ziragosa—long the terror of the country between Zacataces and the city ot-Mexico, were killed by'the military autborifcies o/ Leon, Mexico. An attempt.to arrest a man named Farrell at Omaha, who was brutally beating his wife, resulted in the death of D. Heller, a night watchman, whom Farrell shot. The latter, learning that he bad killed Heller, took his own life. An explosion took place recently in a church in Madrid. Two persons were injured, and some of the images were destroyed. The explosive substance had been placed by some unknown person in one of the candles before the altar. A return just issued shows that the total number of writs of eviction and for the recovery of rent issued out of each division of the High Court of Justice in Ireland, from 1876 to 1885 inclusive, were 20,598 and 43,750 respectively. ' The fioal returns of the petitions presented in the House of Commons against the 41 Government of Ireland Bill" brought the total up to 1419, with 426,577 signatures. The petitions in favor of the bill numbered 32, with 2,724 signatures. The North German Gazelle admits that the feeling in France against Germany has created a similar feting in Germany again* t France, and warns France that her official relations will suffer if the anti-French feeling in Ger- many be much further aroused. Mr. Berg, the imprisoned Speaker of the Danish Chamber, has just celebrated his silver wedding in his prison cell. He received on that occasion a deputation representing 80,000 citfj^ns, who gave him some fine silverware and the sum ol 13,000 dollars in cash. A serious accident has befallen the wife of Joseph Arch. Mrs. Arch was playing with a child in the garden when she clipped .and fell, fracturing her left shoulder. Mrs. Arch has for some years .been paralysed on this side, and doubts as to her recovery are,entertained. A band of whistlers has been formed in Milan, which in this novel manner performed the whole opera "Norma." The choruses were executed by 16 whistler?, the part of the high priest, Oroveso, being entrusted to a girl of 15, as no male whistler could do justice to it. At Washington, on June 28, there was .presented the largest petition ever seen in Congress. It was a half-mile long and made a roll 2ft. in diameter. It contained the names of over 50,000 Knights of Labour asking for more effective legislation againet Chinese immigration. The Japanese have not only nearly three hundred miles of railroad in operation, but they make their own cars, and the buildiog of the line from Teuruga. to Ogaki was' conducted hy young Japanese engineers, whose taik included two large bridges and a tunnel a mile long. The bride of the President of the United States was, at the age of 17, crowned qu'eeti of beauty at Buffilo, or, rather, received a collier of diamonds on that eventual day when the loveliest was proclaimed. The president is a roan of taste, and the bride is as amiable as she is lovely. Some Germans in the fatherland have issued an appeal to Germans beyond the seaB for a universal German Congress, to be held in Berlin on 131b, 14th, 15th, and 16th September next, at which the promotion of the inteltual and economical interests of the nation are to be discussed. The Hollo way College at Egham, built at a cost of half a million of money, opeoed on 30tb Juno, hut will not be read? to receive pupils until October. Mr. Martin Hoi Jo way, who has carrivd out the intentions of his brother ttith puch admirable taste, is to receive a baronetcy in honor of the occasion. • A butcher named William Arthur was charged at L'anelly with disfiguring David Morri?, one of the defendants in the recent election riots prosecution. Defendant attacked Morris in a public-house witbout'provocation, threw him down, ciught him bv the carp, and then deliberately bit his nose off. Companies that insure against loss by windstoim* are fa«t being organised in the West of Americi. Oae of them has this advertisement in a Kansas City newspAper: " The black monster of the air has already appeared in 1886\. T<«ke out a tornado policy in the Pioneer Cyclone and .Windstorm Company." Arzaogements are being made for holding an international congress for discussing papers upon climatology, mineral and thermal spring*, and allied subjects at Biarri'z/und^r the prebidency of Dr. Darand Fardel, the first week in October, to be followed by a three wepks* tour to the principal wateiing places of Southern France. The Great Eastern steamer is now mpored in the S'oyne, not far from the training ships in the Mersey, and variety entertainments are conducted on it, BiatR run to the vessel every half hour from the Prince's landing stag*, L'verpool, and ihe general arrangements are so complete ibat visitors may remain ou board a considerable time. •The following items are reported .from Russia:—A ukase forbidding the bearing of wreaths and emblems at funerals. The confiscation of 50. boxes of steel pens, because they bear the stamp of a crucifix and a dove. Sen- tence of three days' arrest parsed on a retired major, aged 84, because he married too late in life, contrary to law. The Sussex giant died suddenly at Appledore last May. Although only 36 years, he weighed over 39at. He was on an exhibition tour, and in-one -of the intervals between the performances he fell asleep in his chair, and when an attempt was made to arouse him, it was found that he had died. The cause of death was heart disease. The stupendous works undertaken by the East and West India Dock Company at Tilbury in England, have been completed. The nearly four years' labor bestowed upon the bare acres opposite Gravesend bas resulted in what are probably the finest docks in the world. They were opened without ceremony or " splash n on April 7. At a vestry meeting held at Canterbury on 6ih May it was stated that the offertories in the churches of Sf. Mary, Northgate, and St. Alpbege amounted to only 10s. last year. The churches are in a dilapidated and ruinous state. The population of the parishes is over 6000, and an annual grant is given by the Ecclesiastical Commissioners in aid of the endowment. The entire Southern railway system of the United States, which is of the 5 feet gauge and inc'udes over 9000 miles of road and 15,000 miles ol " trackage," is to be narrowed to the ftindard gauge of 4lt. 9in., the work beginning on a Saturday night, and continuing over Sunday and Monday, so that all the railways may be of uniform gauge throughout the country. The Cockermouth Tweedmill, which was originally built and fitted up hy a limited liability company at a cost of ^30,000 in 1872, and subsequently workid for five years at a loss of ^22,000 more, was bought in at public auction recently for .£1510 by Mr. Waugb, late member of Parliament for Cockermouth. He intends starting a business in it on the cooperative system. Two constables of the English police have been under treatment at the laboratory of the Rue d'UIm, Berlin. M. Pasteur is overwhelmed with byrophobia patients from all parts of the world. Three Portuguse children have been sent back cured, and the Athenian ladies also. A Spanish peasant who was bitten by an ass attacked with' hydrophobia has likewise beeu produced out of danger. The year 1885 was disastrous enough for French railways; but the present year, so far as it has gone, promises to be much worse. It appears that there has been a diminution of receipts down to the 1st April, amounting to nearly 13,000,000 francs. This shows that France is suffering from a rapidly deeping depression ; but, of course, a part of the decrease must be attributed to the strikes. Over £1,000,000 is still spent yearly in pilgrimages to Mecca and Medina. Many of the Mohammedan pilgrims travel immense distinces. Nearly 6000 of them are from the Soudan and neighboring parts of Africa, 7000 are Moor*, 1400 Persians, 16,000 Malays and Indians, and 25,000. Turks or Egyptians. These are the figures for the year 1885, when there 53,010 pilgrims to these two famous shrines. Under the Gladstone Irish Lind Bill some of the landlords would have received formidably large sums in tbe event of their wishing to sell. The Marquis of Downsbire would have received il,529,420, Sir R'chard Wallace £1.358,900, Duke of Leinster £921,420. Eirl Fitzwilliara £928,880. Lord O'Neill £898,940, and so on. The Maiquis of Linedowne would have received £630,720, and Etrl Duffcrin £420,860. Jn the Cape Legislative Council on the 20th of May a discussion look place on a motion that the time had arrived when the several 6tates, colonies, and dependencies of South Africa should be united into one dominion under the federal principle, aud that, for the purpose of attaining this olject,the views of the different Governments interested should be ascertained without delay.' The motion was ultimately withdrawn. A discovery ol great an'iqnarian interest has been made in Aberdeen i»y a number of labourers t-xcavatiog in Ro6s'a Court, one of t*ie oldest parte ol the city. Three feet under the surface the labourers came upon a large brot.z,: urn filled to tbe brim with silver money. The number of coios was about 15,000, and they are in excellent preservation. Tbey are all English money of the reigns ot E tward L and Edward II, and are supposed by antiquaries to have been part of the booty secured during one ot the raids into Eogland during the thirteenth century. In E* gland and Wales there are 112 authorised gas undertakings hclonging to local authorities representing a capital ol £15,000,(100, on which a net profit oi £459,738 waa distributed in the year 1883. The gas undertakings in the hands of Companies including the metropolitan companies, number 350. The total share capital paid up at the end of 1883 was £27,906,128, aud £4,885,906 bos been borrowed. The titil capital invested in gas shares and loans in tbe Uuited Kingdom is £51,988,881, of which £17,874,951 is in tbe returns ot the local authorities. Truth, says that tbe Qaeen is desirous of arranging a marriage .between Prince Heuty of Prussia, the second son of the Crown Prince of Germany, and tbe Prices Irene of Hess**, third daughter of the Graud Duke. PriLce Heniy, who is an officer in the German Navy, was born in 1862, and the Princess is 20, Prince Henry is a favourite with, the Queen, who made him a G.C.B. when be visited her at Osborne some time back. The project does not meet with the approval of some of the most powerful personages at the Court of Berlin, who would prefer that the Prince should marry the Princess Alexandra of Anhalt- Dessau. An Ottowa despatch to the New York. Sun reports that five hunters who had returned from the Manitou River dhtrict, North-west Territory, reported the discovery ofa smothered volcano in the Manitou Ringe, 50 miles 60uth of the Canadian Pacific from Brule. They found the streams so bot that fish were killed. The atmosphere was also very warm. After climbing up the thickly wooded sides of the mountain for 200ft. or 300ft., the hunters were forced to return, as the air was suffocating. The animals had left their retreats, birds steered clear of the locality, and not a living thing was to be seen. The earth was dried and cracked with subterranean heat. Dead nakes without number were discovered. At Tamworth, Staffordshire, Henry Palmer, laborer, of Drayton Bassett, waB charged with, cruelty to a horse. It transpired that the defendant was sent by his master, Mr. John Fearne, farmer, of Fazeley, to cart some stones, and as the horse would not " back " he thrust a long and crooked 6tick down the animal's throat, struck it on the head eeveral severe blows with his fist, and hit it on tbe nose with his belt, to which a brass buckle was attached. The defendant was forcing the stick down the animal'd throat for quite three minute?, and as a result of the ill •usage the horse bled very much. The animal was examined by Mr. Harry Oliver, veterinary surgeon, about three weeks after tbe occurrence, in consequence of the horse not being able to eat its lood. He then succeeded in extracting a large piece of a thick slick from tbe horet's thioat, which had penetrated very deeply into the animal's flesh. The chairman said the prisoner would have to go to prison for three months with hard labor. In Southwark, London, lately, Mr. Chance, on taking bis seat on the bench, had before him an application of a novel character. A respectably dressed man, who appeared in the witness-box accompanied by a little girl 13 years old, of very genteel appearance, asked his Worship what steps coald be taken to protect his daughter from her mother. Mr. Chance : Is the mother your wife 1 Applicant : No, sir. Mr. Chance : Is she living with you? Applicant! No,sir. ShewaB, but Bhe behaved herself so badly that I had to leave her. She pawned all my cloiheB and sold up two homes to get drunk. Mr. Chance : Well, what do you complain of now 1 Applicant : She is continually molesting this girl. She has taken her from school, and taken the boots from her feet and pawned Them,"and got drunk with the money. She stops the child in the streets, and strips her of her clothing, Mr. Chance : I am afraid I cannot help you. Legally she is entitled to tbe custody of the girl uniiUbe is 14. If she assaults the girl she can be summoned. A Detroit telegram to the Sin Francisco papers, dated June 20, states that two months ago "Tori" Gorgan, a bankthiel, and" Jakey" Blenheim, a noted English thief, went there after a bank robbery at Mendota, III., and a similar crime at London, Ont. They quarrelled over a woman, and Blenheim was nearly killed by Gorman. The latter fled to Windsor, Ont., and when Blenheim recovered he offered to lure Gorgan to the American side if given immunity for the Mendota job, and the offer was accepted. He fleeced a man out of "00 dollars, and started for Windsor to escape arrest. Gorgan, who had found Windsor too warm for bim, started at tbe same time for the American side. Each of the fellows was alone in a ioubo.it, and they met in midstream. Eich recognised tbe other, and their old hatred was revived. The boats came together, and Gorgan struck at Blenheim with an oar. Blenheim saw it was to be a struggle to the death, and boarded Gorpan's boat. The two 6tiu«g'ed for possession cf ihe oar which Gorgan hail, and finally went overboard into (he water. They stiu;g'ed defpsrately together, and finally, licked in one another's embrace, went 11 the bottom just as the boat ofa det» dive, who was after Blenheim, was approaching. The following a cc.py of an < x'raordinary letter received Irom Mr. Rufkin, in reply lo a circular uskinp him to subscribe to pay off the debt upon ilie Duke-street Chapel, Richmord:—"Brantwood, Coniston, Lancashire, May 1.9,18S6. Sir,—I am scornfully amused at your appeal to me, of all people in Ihe world the precisely least likely to give you a ftrlhing ! My first word to all men and boys who care to bear me is,«Don't get into debt. Starve and go to heaven, but don't borrow. Try first begging ; I don't mind, if it's really needlal, stealing! But don't buy things you citi't pay for. And ol all manner,of debtois, pious people building chuiches they can't pay for are the most detestable nonsense to me. Can < you preach and prav behind the hedges, or in a sai dpit, or a eoalbole, first 1 Ai d of all the manner of churches thus idiotically built, iron churches are the damnablest to me. And of all the tects of believers in any ruling spirit—Hindoos. Turks, Feather Idolaters, the Mumbo Jumbo L-g and Fire Worshippers— who want churches, your modern Englith eec: is the most alsurd, aud entirely oij ctionah'.e and unendurable to m-. AH which they might very easily have found out from my books—any other sort ol sect would—before botheiing me to write to them.—Ever, nevertheless, and in all this saying, your faithful servant, John Buskqt." 