BRITISH AND FOREIGN MEMS. Stanley is elated at bis success in securing capital for the railroad in the Con;;') country. Prince Bismarck was injured on TKc mher 13 by falling i ff bis horse, anil was confined to his residence. Tbe English Gjverntncnt is preparing an important scheme of local government for the whole kingdom. Mr. Spurgeon, the eminent preacher, is suffering from heart disease, and is pet m:\nently broken in health. The fund for the benefit oF James Stephens, ex- head centre of the Fenian Brotherhood, now aoioantB to £1,700. The population of Berlin, according to a census taken on December 1, is 1,316, 000 - about 200,000 mom than in 1880. M. Pasteur will he authorised by the French Government to establish a hospital in Paris for the treatment of hydrophobic patients. Ex-Empress of the French, Eugenie, has been living oil grnpei fur 12 n ecks, and now announces that her Jyapepsii hns vanished. The Eirlainl Cminte-a or D ilhnu<ie have left England lor a vi»it to New Z aland. They will be absent from home until the end of June. President Frew has signed a ilecreeappointingM^ Libmlaye French Anii<a"sadi>r to the Court ot Spain, uud M. Billot Minister to Portugal. A mass of lead in an elevated furnace in Paris was completely dissipated by a stroke of lightnine, no trace of tbe metal being found afterward. llidgeway, a lich American, and the founder of the American colony in Paris, where he had lived for 60 years, died in that city on 18th November. The Duke ol Wellington represented Queen Victoria at the requiem mass for the repose of tbe soul of the late King Alfonso, on Saturday, December 5, John Biselow, who was recently appointed Assistant United States Treasurer at New York, and confirmed by the Senate, has resigned hie office. Rossini'' widow, wbo died two years ago, has left the sum of £32,000 for the erection ol a home for -superannuated artists, especially musicians, in Paris. Not only thousands, perhaps millions of fish were killed by the shock of the explosion at Hell Gate, and many birds were killed by the concussion in the air. Beer brewers in America employ an army of 500,000 men ; they have iuveated £50,000,000 in their business, and thev sell about 80,000,000 gallons of beer a year. A great fire occurred in Moscow on October 20, causing great damage to property. Seven persons perished in the flames, and fourotherB were seriously injured. L'szt, tbe greatest of pianists, is very poor, but absolutely reluses to give concerts to make money. His only revenue is a small pension from a German princcss. An escape ol gas occurred at an asylum for idiots at Vucht, in Northern Brabant, by which four of the inmates were suffocated and 10 others seriously injured. It is estimated that in 1882 the number of passengers carried by all tbe railroads in all patts of the world was 2,400,000,000, or an average of 6,500,000 daily. A new census of France is to be taken next yiar. According to the last one, made in 1883, Paris contained 2,239,290 inhabitants, including 164,038 foreigners. The Commissioner of Indian Affairs reports that the number of Indians remaining in the United States is now 260,000, of whom 72,000 are civilised tillers of the soil. The President of the United States has approved the bills granting pensions to Mrs. Grant, and relieving the political disabilities of General Lawton, of Georgia. At a meeting of the Associated Societies ol the University of Edinburgh, Mr. Robert Browning was appointed honorary president. Lord Reay filled the office last year. TeWestere, the well-known Maori chief, was presented at Auckland a few days ago with the Royal Humane Society's medal for saving two surveyors from drowning. . The Stcond Chamber of the Dutch Legislature has granted 10,000 florins for the expedition to New Guinea, though the Geographical Society had asked for 25,000 florins. Captain Cecchi, tbe explorer, who has lately returned from Z mzibar to Rome, has submitted to the Italian Foreign Office the draught of a treaty of friendship with that country. Prince Edward ofSaxe-Weimar, Commander ol the Forces in Ireland, recently presented the Order of the Bed Cross to Miss C. Cole, nursing sister at the Royal Infirmary, Pbceaix Park. Mr. Roger Sherman has been nominated Pr sident of the Senate about to assemble at Washington, and as his election is assured, he will become Vice-President of the United States. About 200 residents of Queen's county, Ireland, were recently arrested for boycotting. They preferred going to gaol to giving bail, and the magistrate gave them a fortnight to consider the matter. A movement, originating in Philadelphia, is to be made to establish an orthodox Jewish college or seminary to offset the radical doctrines taught and proclaimed by the " reform" rabbis at Pittsburg. There is a mad-dog scare in London, and policemen are provided with long iron rods having slip nooses at tbe lower end to secure dogs with. There have been 5G cases of rahiea rt portal in the city. Mrs. E'izibeth Arlington, a widow, aged 80 years, living at Foxboro*, Mass., was found on her kitchen floor, having been murdered. No motive for the crimo is known, and there is no clue to tbe murderer. The Queen's Bench of Dublin has granted an injunction restraining certain butter buyers and coopers in Limerick from circulating notices to boycott tbe machine-made firkins of Mr. Punch in that city. Owing to the attempts of the Lancashire cotton manufacturers to reduce wages, there were in August no less than 30,000 persons strike in the county, while the general still continues. Tbe Montreal Herald, the recognised organ of tbe Canadian Pacific Company, says a working or pcoling arrangement has heeu entered into between the Graud Trunk and Canadian PaciQc Railroads, The Lord Mayor of London has handed over to tbe trustees of the Gordon Boys' Home the sum of £20,320 3s. 4J., being the amount collected at the Mansion House as a natiooal memorial to General Gordon. The Queen decorated several non-commissioned officers and men at Windsor Castle on November 25 with the distinguished-conduct medal for gallantry displayed by them during tbe recent operations in the Soudau. The tunnel under the River Mersey between Liverpool and Birkenhead, which was completed on the 13th February, 1885, was formally opened for traffic by His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales on the 19th inst. Major ElEdale, Royal Engineers, who had charge of the military ballooning arrangements in Africa, has been oidered to proceed from Chatham to visit tbe principal ballooning establishments in France and Germany. Baron ile Rothschild has subscribed £120 to the monument for Victor Hugo. The tub- Bcriptions for that of Admiral Courbet have already reached j£5800, while the model of the Delacroix monument is ready for execution. A despatch from London, December 2<<, says:—" It is stated here that Russia and Austria are secretly arming, and that both of these powers have Bent orders to England for large quantities of stores for their respective armies." The conditiou of the landowners in East Lothian, Scotland, is most unenviable, and the prevailing depression is making itself felt Scotland. One nobleman with a rentroll of £70,000 per annum has received just £4000 net, We are not aware whether local option exista in Madagascar. Perhaps there is no need of it. The i-fficial Gazette announces that seven of the inhabitants were fined 28s. and seven oxen forgetting drunk. At present Homebush prices this would be about £75. Another war of extermination is now thought to have been reinaugurated in Rowan, county Ky., by the killing of Craig Tolliver by Ashury Crisp. Tolliver led a faction of a few years ago against the Martin faction, and during one year nearly one dozen men were killed. The Ambassadors of tbe Powers have received a petition from Crete declaring that, in the event of the union of Bulgaria and Eastern Riumelia, the Cretans would desire union with Greece. Tbe authenticity of the signatures to this petition is, however, contested by the Porte. The mayors of the chief cities of Iowa recently held a convention at Des Moines, and agreed upon a Local Option Bill to be submitted to theLegislature. A table was presented showing that in 20 large towns, under the prohibitory law, the number of saloons has increased over 60 per cent. It is stated that the Russian Government has assigned the sum of 255,600 roubles to he expended during the year 1886 in new geodetical surveys in Ferghana, the territories hordering on China, tbe Uaurl district, the Transcaspian province, and Finland. The Manchester Ship Canal has been corn menced. Several gangs of men are engaged in digging trial shafts in Cheshire along the line proposed to be taken by the canal between Eastham and Runcorn. The engineers are staking out the course of the canal through Cheshire. At Copenhagen, on the afternoon of October 21 as M. Estrup, the Danish Prime Minister, was returning home, and about to enter his own door, a young man fired at him, hut miesed his aim. Tbe would-be assassin was immediately arrested. He describes himself as a printer. A tiger from Turkestan is now on its way to England, one of the acquisitions made by the naturalist attached to the Afghan Boundary Commission, who takes home a voluable collection. Should the tiger arrive safely it will be the first living animal from that aistrict ever seen in England. It is rumored that it is the intention of Lord Salisbury's Government, that they should remain in office, to meet the Insh demand for Home Rule by the appointment of a Select Committee to inquire and report how tar it can be satisfied without jeopardising what is called the integrity of the Empire. At a conference held in Liverpool on December 16 ofthcrepresentativesof the Atlantic Bteamship companies, it was decided that the present freight rates were profitless. Tbe question of the amount of increase to be made was referred to a future conference. An advance ot 50 per cent, is considered probible. A woman bai been arreted in Paris for being concerned in a mysterious murder committed nine years ago iu the provinces. Her accomplices htve all been arrested save one, who recently died in an hospital at Lyons. His confessing the crime on his deathbed was the sole cause of its being brought home to the culprits. A mysterious package was lately handed to the secretary of tbe Swansea Hospital, England. On being opened it was found to contain £500. Two years ago a cheque lor £1150, and last year a cheque for £1000, were given in the same mysterious manner. All attempts to ascertain the name ol the donor have hitherto been futile. It has been decided not to remove Lord Carrington from the command of his Militia regiment, the 3rd Batt. Oxfordshire L.I, during bis absence as Governor of New South Wales. His lordship was very anxious not to lose his command. Therefore, he is made supernu- mary during tbe time he is employed under tbe Colonial Office. Mr. Joseph Tasse, a Canadian member of Parliament, has written a long letter to M. de Casssgnac, urging French immigrants to join their brethren in Canada in preference to any other foreign country, and pointing out that tbe new line of packets between Havre and Quebec has restored tbe link between the mother country and its offshoot. The improvement of navigation on the Rhine is again being energetically discussed iu Germany, where commercial circles are most anxious that the stream should be made accessible for large vessels as far as Cologne. The Prussian Government is nccordiugly be- •ged afresh to arrange with Holland to deepen the river by about 13ft. A new scandal connected with tbe United States Government contracts is said to be impending. It is alleged that certain persons have been obtaining Government money^for contracts which bad no existence. Tbe United States district attorney has publicly threatened to prosecute the persons concerned unless they return tbe money improperly obtained. This item should interest public school teachers: "A girl who had been a scholar at IVayleigh school, in Essex, got a sixth class at the public examination, and the board engaged her to teach in her old school at the salary of sixpence per week. The schoolmaster tried to feed her and take tbe sixpence himself; but he bad to give it up, as it would not pay." Thus the Bishop of Salisbury with regard to clerical interference at elections : " II it were conceivable that all the clergy in the land could combine to uphold one party in the State, they might perhaps for a time carry the elections, but they would make themselves enemies of half their people and slaves of the other half, and weaken the religious lite and belief of all." The Tichborne claimant was recently summoned before tbe County Bench at Southampton, England, by the South Stoneham Guardians, for the maintenance of his wife and her three children. The claimant had been.served with the summons in Scotland, and did not appear, but his solicitor applied for and obtained an adjournment for a month. Admiral Hornby, whom many people will remember when he visited Australia, has just been banqueted by the Royal Naval Club upon the occasion of his resigning command at Portsmouth. This is what he says about the condition of the Biitish navy :—" We have ships without speed, guns without range, and boilers with only a few months' life in them.' Advices received from the various counties of Ireland state that hundreds of Irish landlords are in the deepest distress, and some of the smaller landlords are on the eve of starvation, owing to the fact that they have not received their rents for some time past. It is estimated that not as much as £5000 in rents has been paid in the agricultural districts since the beginning of November. A circumstance, to which the superstitious will doubtless attach some significance, has lately taken place at Eastwell (Eng.), the resi- dence of tbe Duke of Edinburgh. A huge golden eagle has for eome time hovered over the mansion. Repeated attempts have been made to bring this strange visitor down, but so far the stately bird has managed to keep managed to keep out of the range of the leaden A large landowner in Cheshire, named Tharleston, has decided not to let any of his land to Liberals—or, in fact, to Conservatives if they ehould have been misguided enough to have married wives who came from Liberal families. In a letter ho states that he will not relet any of his farms to any one but a Conservative. Mr. Thurleston will apparently soon be a large occupier, as well as owner, of land in Cheshire. A Liverpool (England) paper states that several passengers who arrived in the Mersey by the Cunard steamship Umbria had travelled from San Francisco, and by an arrangement made with the Midland Railway Company, which placed a special train at their disposal, arrived in London within 14 days of their leaving the Pacific Ooast. This is probably without parallel in the history of speedy travelling. Mr. George Orme Malley, Q.C., Conservative, is pursuing inquiries seeking to disqualify Mr. O'Brien, -who defeated him for one of the divisions ol county Mayo. In 1867, at Cork, Mr. O'Brien was sentenced to death for Fenianism. The sentence was commuted to penal servitude for life, and he was transported. He escaped from captivity, and the question is whether the amnesty was subsequently granted to restore Ills civil rights. Madrid telegrams 6tate that severe shocks of earthquake have again occurred at Valez Malaga, on the coast of the province of the latter name. There appears also to be some seismic movement on the opposite coast, producing landslips of considerable importance close to the Mediterranean ; while the bed of the sea at tbe points affected is reported to have sensibly risen. There have been further sharp shocks in AndoIuBia, especially at Alhama, which suffered so much last yeir. Clerical feeling ran high in England during the recent elections, and a good deal ot tubthumping seems to have been going on. Hear the Rev. Mr. Assheton, ot Bilston, in the B'ack Country. Thus to his flock : " When you stand in tbe voting booth with your card aud your pencil in your hand, think of this : I nui going to vote either for robbing God or against it, and what I do now I shall have to answer for at His judgment seat." Truth says that this is undue influence, and renders the parson liable to a year's hard labor or a fine of £200. Special correspondents with tbe Servian army have frequently mentioned that numbers of the soldiers maimed themselves, with the object of escaping from military service in tbe Turco-Servian vrar. ThiB self-mutilation was ol very frequent occurrence, and in order to prevent its attaining like dimensions during the Servian-Bulgarian campaign, King Milan was obliged to take strong measures. On December 10, 40 Servian soldiers who had inflicted slight wounds on themselves were shot at Bel a Palanka, King Milan himself personally ordering tbe execution of 11 of Madame Christine Nilsson has been invited • to turn her talents to lucrative advertising purposes by an enterprising Yankee. He wants Madame Nilsson to undertake a tour in Western America to sing portions of " Faust "in costume, particularly the ballad of the " King of Thule," where, instead of the traditional spinning-wheel, she shall be working a particular make of sewing machine, bearing the name of the manufacturer outlined by incan- descent lamps. Madame Nilsson would receive an additional £290 to her salary every time Bhe used the macbinc in public at least so says the Paris Figwro. Information reached Mitchelstown on 23rd November of what is represented to be a most brutal murder, which is supposed to have been committed on the Galtee estate, about seven miles from Mitchelstown. The supposed victim is a herdsman, or gamekeeper, named Tobin, on the estate of Mr. N. Buckley, of Manchester. He had been missing from his home for tbe past day or two, and the body was fouud on a farm of Mr. Buckley's with heavy stones placed over it. Tobin appears to have been engaged in some petty prosecutions instituted at the suit of Mr. Buckley, and bad thus rendered himself unpopular. It is reported that a horrible crime has been committed on the bank of the Congo, nearly opposite Boma. Some months ago two Dutch factories there were burnt down with all that they contained. The IOES was estimated at 350,000f. It has now been discovered that the two agents in charge ot theBe factories had set them on fire alter purloining and selling all the goods in them. They afterwards drowned the negroes under their orders—six men and two women—in the Congo, so as to prevent them appearing as witnesses. They have both been arrested, and one confesses tbe crime. As Portuguese subjects, they will be tried at Loanda. A Killarney correspondent telegraphs that some 2000 persons, accompanied by brass bands, assembled at a sheriff's sale held for the disposal of twenty-four milch cows, which had been seized in consequence of a refusal to pay rent without a reduction of 30 per cent, which the tenants had agreed to demand. The cattle were bought by the National League for £149 10s.—the amount due, with expenses— and a procession, headed by a baud, was formed. The procession halted outside the estate office, and there cheered and hooted, whilst ik. tbe band ..I played m-nil "'' God nil save fiiipA Trplnnri Ireland." The cattle, decorated with green ribbons, were finally restored to their owners. At Plymouth, on December 13, a tenement house in Love-street, a low Equalid neighborhood, took fire, and a terrible calamity resulted. The flames burned rapidly and fiercely, and when the fire was at last Bubdued, 12 human bodies were fouud among the ruins. Two others were missed, and in all probability they, too, were burned to death. One person was killed by jumping from a high window to tbe street. Several occupants of the burning building in their fright ignored the fire escapes, and throwing their bedding to the pavement, 40ft. below, jumped from the windows. A number of these had their legs and arms broken. A harrowing instance of the calamity was the appearance of a youth named Bickford, who, with a little sister on one arm, hung suspended from a window by the other for some minutes, until the flames surrounded him and caused him to loBe bis hold and fall to the-gronnd. He had both legs fractured; the child was also severely injured. The firemen worked heroically in saving life. 