The Agent-General's Report. FROM the report for 1885 of the Agent- General for Emigration, dated London, 1st March, we take the following :—During the year emigration was mainly conducted on the instructions issued in November, 1883, viz.:— Vot to exceed 1000 a month of all classes, giving {reference to nominated passengers, and con* ning free passages to single women and single men—farm labouren. The total number of vessels despatched during the year has been thirty. Of this number thirteen were mail steamen from London: one extra steamer from Glasgow, with office passengen; two sailing ships—with limited numben—one from Plymouth and the other from London to Maryborough, direot—also office passengen; and fourteen steamers—twelve of whioh were from London and two from Glasgow—carried passengen under the 17th section of the Immigration Act of 1882, uaually called "bounty' passengers. The total number of passengen by these vessels was 11,620 souls— equal te 10,394 adults. Of this number the free-nominated, remittance, free, and indented passengen were 7053 souls; and the fuU payen and bounty, 4567 souls. The passengen were sent to the following ports :—Brisbane, 7636; Maryborough and Bundaberg, 922; Rock* nampton, 1267; Mackay, 175; Bowen, 60; Townsville, 1293; Cooktown, 244; Thursday Island, 23; total, 11,620 souls. The remittance and free-nominated passen gen number 4400 souls, as against 3946 in 1884. Of this number only 725 were free-nominated from the Continent, the rest being remittance from the United Kingdom. The full payers were 1145 souls, the indented 50, the bounty 3422, and the free 2603. The nationalities of these passengen were :— English, 6322 ; Scotch, 1572; Irish, 2980; other oountries, 746. The free emigrants consisted of 1120 single women, 1243 single men—farm labourers, and 240 families of the farming class. These families, although a slight departure from the general instructions, I con sidered it advantageous to send. The free emigrants, with the exception of about fifty penons, were able both to read and write, or either to read or write only. Of the 2603 free passengen, 1367 were Engliah, 936 were Irian, and 300 were Scotch. I may mention here that many of the Irish emigrants came through the English agencies. The counties of Middlesex, Lincoln, York, Herts, Durham, Cornwall, Stafford, and Devon contributed more than half the number of emigrants from England, and the rest were fairly distributed over the remaining counties. In Ireland, the counties of Clare, Tipperary. Kerry, Armagh, Galway, and Derry supplied the greatest number; and in Scotland, Lanark* shire. Aberdeen, Forfar, Aynhire. The despatching officer throughout the year reported very favourably of the free single men, uaually describing them aa a strong healthy body, and evidently accustomed to working on the land. Every care has been taken in the selection of the single women by a careful examination of their certificates of character, and by the issue of a confidential circular to their late employen; and I am happy to say that the reports of the despatch* ing officer about their behaviour at the depot have been most satisfactory, and I venture to hope that they will prove to be a respectable and valuable addition to the domestic class of the colony. The despatching officer haa experienced most anxiety and trouble in the final approval at the depot of the remit tance passengen. Many of them on being questioned, have admitted that their friends had left the colony since they were nominated, and that they intended joining them as soon as poaaible aftor landing. When cases of this nature have been detected they have been re jected ; but it is not too much to suppose that many have escaped detection, and thus secured passages to the colony, fully intending only to make it a stepping- stone to reach their friends cheaply in Australasia. Others, again, are so poor that they present themselves at the depot without having the clothing and outfit neces sary for the voyage, so that I have had to pro vide them with necessaries at the expenae of the Government before I could allow them to embark. Theso casea aro not very numerous; but they all tend to show tbo weak spots in the system, which, although I consider admirable in theory, is liable in practice, unless sur rounded by sufficient safeguards, to be detri mental to the colony. I therefore consider that the greatest possible care should be exorcised in issuing nomination papers, by ascertaining tne bona Jides of the nominon, and, if practicable, by the compulsory deposit of a smaU sum, to be used for tbe benefit of tbe nominees in providing them with proper clothing, if actually found necessary to do so, on their presenting them aelvea at the depdt, otherwiae to be returned in the colony. I would alao suggest the publi cation of a few simple rules on the most im portant points, for the guidance of the nominors and the officers intrusted with the issue of nomination applications, so as to prevent un desirable persons receiving nomination forms. It must be borne in mind that the nomination form when issued, goes direct to the nominee, who invariably at once makes arrangements for leaving home, and frequently, by his certifi cates, conceals physical injuries and defects, which might, if declared, be a bar to his getting a passage, trusting to the irregularities not being discovered at the depot. It becomes an invidious task to reject persons at the depot who have broken up their homes and perhaps traveUed long distances; again, expense must be incurred in returning them to their country — they being invariably penniless,—besides which it tends to disparage the colony by apparently refusing to carry out our nomination system. For these reasons too much care cannot be exer cised in the colony; and it might further be necessary to consider whether power should not be obtained to limit the right of nomination to persons who have resided continuously, at least, twelvo months in the colony. During the year there were 1365 souls residing on the Continent nominated, of which only 725 were able to avail themselves of free passages. Arrangements were made in the earlier part of the year whereby passengers, if they thought fit, could travel from Hamburg to Harwich and then direct by train to the depot at Blackwall. The reports of the despatching officer do not speak so favourably of the class of foreign emigrants as that of the previoua year. The despatching officer is of opinion that the passengen by the bounty system are the beat class of penons leaving for our colony. In most instances they aro attracted to it by the good reports and success of their friends there. This is very encouraging, but it muat, however, be borne in mind that this system cannot pro cure for us the agricultural labourer, he not having the funds sufficient to pay his quota of the passage money. I have further found that it is calculated to supply an undue proportion of mechanics. For theae reasons I have thought it expedient to despatch in each bounty ship a certain proportion of free passengen—aingle women and farm labouren. It is also, lam of opinion, dangerous in affording opportunities to philanthropic bodies to assist persons who are out of work from some cause or another. Ko doubt many of these would make good colonists, but being usually of the class termed "general labouren," working in the towns, they would not be so likely or willing to go up country, but apt to swell the population of the coast towns. This matter received my attention some time sinoe. and I informed the contractors under the bounty system that applications from phUanthropic and charitable societies could in nowise be considered. Mr. Randall, emigration lecturer, reported himself on the 23rd March, and commenced hia duties by re-writing to some extent the official " Handbook for Emigrants," altering tbe statistics, and bringing the information down to the latest date. After some interviews with Mr. Randall, I requested him to commence his lectures in the rural places of Lincolnshire, where he had been well received when in England before. I have been pleased to hear, from time to time, that he has met with over whelming evidence that the majority of the penons who emigrated under his instru mentality are doing well in whatever part of the colony they have settled. Mr. Randall also visited and lectured throughout the counties of Tork, Oxford, Norfolk, Suffolk, Essex. Herts, Buckingham, Wilts, Somenet, and Devon, always confining himself to the moderately-sized villages where the best agriculturists are moat readily met with. The reports which he has periodically furnished lead me to hope that he has succeeded in arousing the agricultural labourer from his apathy and disinclination to leave home, and that the result of his last year's labours may be expected in a greater emigration of that desirable class to the colony this year. He also informs me that he has met with greater support from the local Press of the places visited, by giving him full reporta of hia meetings, and by constant reference to emigration in their columns. In moat places he has received the active aupport of the clergy and of the landed proprietors, by either taking the chair or speaking at his meet ings. I have granted free ship-kits and railway fares in a few deserving caaes specially recom mended by him; and I also gave him permis sion to take the local agent with him through his district, bo that he might gain experience about the class of penons most desired, and thus conduct his agency more in accord with my wishes. Mr. Randall has expressed his opinion on several occasions that tho system of indenting farm labourers in England might be advantageously worked if tho farmers in the colony would only take the matter up heartily. He considers that hundreds of farm labourers would wUUngly emigrate, if they had a definite engagement for two or three yean, at wages varying from £25 a year upwards with rations, who otherwise would not leave this country. Mr. Garrick goes on to speak of the arrival of Mr. Pietzcker in May and the failure of his mission. Shortly after Mr. Pietzcker had made his arrangements to leave, schedules wero received for indented Danish labourers for Mackay. They wero, however, to be selected by a Mr. Theodoro Hansen, who was authorised to sign their agreements, and who had boon, lam in formed, sent homo for this purpose by the Planten' Association of Mackay. Mr. Hansen encountered the Bame difficulties that Mr. Pietzcker metwiith, the Copenhagen authorities, amongat other things, objecting to Ucnnse him as an emigration agent. At Mr. Han sen's request, I went to Copenhagen and succeeded in establishing an arrangement with him and a licensed emigration agent there, a Mr. Ribcr, by which Mr. Hansen should select and sign the agreements with the labourers, and Mr. Ribcr should clear thorn at the Danish ports and forward them to London. By this means I ovcrcamo the difficulty, and would hero mention that I received con siderable assistance from tho Colonial Office, who requested the Legation at Copenhagen to forward my views. Before leaving Copenhagen I was assured by tho Director of Police, who controls emigration, that there would be no further objection on his part to this system of emigration. I submitted to him the form of agreement, which lie considered sufficient. On my return to London I had proper agreements drawn up, and translated into Danish and for warded to Mr. Hansen, believing that, as every thing was now arranged, the fint batch of labourers would soon be ready to embark for the colony. However, tbe Minister for Justice at Copenhagen has intervened, and made some objections about which I ara expecting infor mation from Mr. Hansen, and unless these are removed, he tells me, he cannot take steps to secure the people. The disbursements from emigration and general purposes accounts for tho year were— emigration, £80,258 9s. 4d.; general purposes, £16,768 18-;. 7d. Certificates to enable the con tractors to obtain the second moieties of passage money, amounting to £65,195 2s. Dd., were also issued. Tho Savings Bank collections amounted to £21,372 2s. 7d., and deposits, at 2$ per cent, to £6010; together—£27,3B2 2s. 7d., showing a slight increase of £518 10s. lid. over the pre vious year. I have on several occasions spoken at public meetings on the subject of emigration, explain ing our system and the class of emigrants we require, and the benefits likely to follow their emigration to Queensland. As opportunity allowed, I have visited the depot, and have been satisfied with the accom modation provided and the care bestowed upon our people. I have also from time to time been present at the survey of stores and at the despatch of vessels, and have found the pro visions of good quaUty and the berthing of the emigrants satisfactory. 