1 Correspondence. [Io nosensf^Srlialevor 36 we EoTrT onrselves' responsibls for any opinions expressed under tha above headiog.] L . To The Editor op thb Mackay Msnctmt. Sib.— i« it 'may be,'ibat *Jew explanatory notea from )ie?e, re the Scan'dinarian Emigra tion 'Qaestion may interest jour rcydarc, I tale tb if opportunity to ftrrnish1 'rott-with 8Dch. The cablegram forwarded to Briahane, some six months ago, from the Agent-Uencra-'a office in London,\that Denmark Via, willing toVupply indented laborers for Qtieenafand, seams to have been sent rather prrmaturnly, as the verbal promise given by the Commis sioner for the Police- here, appears to have been wavering and uncertain, and was im mediately retracted, on thii important pesorj age receiving a letter' from »n indignant Dani«h colonist near Brisbane, which in strong, terms protested aj.imst iis couutrjmeo doing the wori of niggers, ?' anrl ' 1 farther termed ibe'Migar planters attempting to pro cure' this kind of labor, ns nothing loss than white slavery. He also had. the audacity to raTortoSir Th., Mollwraith, ? and Mr.Hamo Black M.Tj.A's, at an authority for his state ment, to my view*, an almost impossible itory, as it is hard to suppose, that any and assertion, that ;QQeenslandis. a, lawless coantry, and that its Gorernment will favor ' white slavery.' Oar literary fellow colonist has indeed succeeded, to some extent, in lowering thfl';rcputalion\ |of Qaeeniland as a cklooy— in ' tie eyes 'oFtho public here, although ho most likely has secured an inde pendent living and home in that colony. He is powerleai tbouRh, to stop emigration from here, ai no present Danish law can prevent it, bat only engagements r for, work, previous to embarkation. In spite : ot his and different other 'Danish colonists attempt* to frustrate the Emigration Scheme. There are here in Sweden— thousands of goad farm ?. laborers, who are willing— not only to emigrate to Queensland, but also to engage to work on sugar plantahoas and farms, and if an hmi gratioo. Schemo' exclosive of indented labor—.' from here^— could be 'arranged by the Queens land -Government,— I haya not the. slightest jdoobt that.iaoh woald be a incocsafnl: enter priie,'byT which' riot only tho Maokay District, but also all . other Queensland Farming Districts, the Immigrants themselves and the colony at large wonld benefit. I shall shortly icave here, there being no place like Queens land. ... ,. . '.'?'. lam, Sir, 4c. ..'? ; -, . .'?' MACKAYTTJJ IN EUROPE, ;? Cbpeahagen, Jane 10, 1886. . 