SUMMARY FOR EUROPE. POLITICAL. The Estimates have been disposed of in the Legislative Assembly, the Irrigation Bill has gone through the Council, and in about a fortnight members will be released for a long receSS, to ponder over the small result of six mouths' work, and to contemplate the next session, for which so much has been promised. One or two small bills added to the Irrigation Bill, which was the great measure of the session, will complete a sadly disappointing list, seeing that there has been little else to engage the attention of Parliament. The fault lies with the Assembly, which has been, oppressed by a small band of talkers. . These members have been invincible, and two of them particularly have taken up more time than any fifty. It is because of the obstruction that the Government has been unable to do better, and has been compelled to hold over until next session many important measures which should have been dealt with in this. The pro- regation is to take place on or about the 10th inst. With the exception of disposing of the remaining clauses of the Irrigation Bill, the Legislative Council has not been called upon to do much work. No important amendments were made in that measure' during its final consideration, and the only alterations of any moment which the Assembly will have to consider are those giving both Houses an equal voice in dealing with schemes to be carried out under the bill. The Lower Chamber will have an opportunity this week of dealing with these amendments. The, last division of the Estimates were more quickly passed in the Assembly than those considered earlier in the session, but the Government had to with- stand severe strictures on the railway votes. The old question of the excess of the cost of many lines over the estimate placed before Parliament when those lines were authorised was again brought forward, and members in opposition confined themselves to the Lilydale and Healesville line, which was estimated to cost £44,000, but for which the contractors are to be paid £128,000. The Minister of Railways was discreetly silent, and as nothing in the nature of a defence was attempted, the House had to content itself with a protest, than accept the fact, and pass on to other business. Additional estimates were brought down last night, and, among other votes, they will include a large item for the construction of a new fort on the Pope's Eye Shoal, at the entrance to Port Phillip Heads. When they are put through, the financial business of the session will be concluded, and nothing will stand in the way of an early winding-up. Very little time was required to pass the Payment of Members Bill through the Legislative Assembly on Wednesday last. Mr. Gillies moved the second reading, and explained that for the first time it was a Government measure, and was to be made a permanent addition to the Statute-book. No debate followed, but a division was taken which showed that 49 members were in favour of the bill, and only 10 against. It is to be dealt with by the Legislative Council this week. The Employers Liability Bill, which is almost literally a transcript of the English law, was passed by the Legislative Council early in the session, and has gone through committee in the Legislative Assembly. Among the amendments made by the Assembly was the inclusion of seamen in the list of persons to be benefited. This was done on a division by a majority of two. A proposal to insert a clause forbidding employes to contract themselves out of the act was negatived by a large majority. SOCIAL AND GENERAL. The Marquis and Marchioness of Stafford, accompanied by Viscount Tarbat, brother of the marquis, arrived on November 20 by the R.M.S. Shannon, and have since been the guests of His Excellency the Governor. The noble visitors have been taken on excursions to the Macedon, Upper Yarra, and Western districts. The Juvenile and Industrial Exhibition at Sandhurst was opened on November 17 by His Excellency the Governor in the presence of a large assemblage. The Governor, Lady Loch, the Chief Secretary, the Minister of Education, several members of both houses of the Legislature, and other visitors arrived at Sandhurst by special train, They were met at the station by the leading residents, iindlhcrewiiaiicruci'saion to the Exhibition, in which the local cavalry, infantry, and cadets took part in the afternoon several Sandhurst institutions were visited, and in the evening a banquet took place at the Shamrock Hotel). The Chinese sent an address of welcome to His Excellency, in which his services in China were referred to. His Excellency thanked the Chinese for their good wishes, said that he was glad to learn that they were such peaceable and diligent citizens, and stated that two mandarins were coming from China as an embassy to inquire into the condition of their countrymen in Australia. The annual meeting and banquet of the Old Colonists' Association took place on November 23, and were largely attended. The report of the council, presented at the meeting of the subscribers, which was held at the Town-hall, showed that the association had greatly enlarged its membership during the year just closed, and was making progress generally The banquet was held at the new Freemasons'-hall, and among the guests were His Excellency the Governor and the Marquis of Stafford. In replying to the house of his health, His Excellency promised the sum of 50 guineas towards building a larger cottage than those at present erected by the association, and two other similar dominions were also an Hoynced. The toast of " The Founders of the Old Colonists' Association " was' responded to by Mr. George Coppin, who obtained a most cordial reception, and whose exertions on behalf of the association during his recent visit to England had resulted in materially increasing its funds, ' Sir Robert Fowler, M.P., late Lord Mayor of London, was entertained at a banquet on November 13 by the Mayor of Melbourne. About 100 gentlemen were invited to meet the guest, among those present being Lord Deerhurst, Sir George Verdon, his Honour Mr. Justice Webb, the Minister of Defence Mr. Lorimer). Mr. R. Murray Smith, O.M.G., and Mr. E. M. Sturges, aide-de-camp to His Excellency the Governor. The only toast proposed, beyond those of the Queen and Royal Family and His Excellency the Governor, was that of air Robert Fowler, Which was given by the Mayor, and drunk with acclamation. The guest replied in an interesting speech, in which he extolled the value of municipal institutions, and expressed his pleasure that the colonies were following the example of the old country regarding them. The union of the British race, in all parts of the world, was warmly advocated, and the question of federation was referred to as one of the deepest interest to Englishmen in all parts of the world. A large number of mines on the various goldfields of the colony having been idle for some time, owing to the want of capital to develop them, an attempt has been made to offer a few of the best on the English market. Between two and three years ago Mr. M'Intyre, M.L.A. for Maldon, endeavoured to Bout on the London market the Parkins Reef, a property held by a pioneer of Maldon, Mr. a U. Oswald. Owing to various causes he was unsuccessful. The result has been loss to the British capitalist, for six months afterwards sold was struck, and as. "r' has firm's ¿-100,000 cash for the mine. to-morrow Mr. M'Intyre will again Í,ftnV|±r K"«'l"do»« similar mission with the lenses of two mines, which have been amalgamated, and which have prospects equal to that of Parkin's Reef. The mines are the Alliance and New Eaglehawk. The whole of the leases adjoin, and are on the celebrated Beehive line of reef a line from which over 23 tons weight of gold has been won. A cadet review at Albert-park on November 29 was the most successful parade of the kind that has yet been held in Victoria, Nearly 2,000 cadets were on the ground, with four hands, and, including, officers, the full strength of the turn out was lightly in excess, of the number River. The parade marched before the Governor in review order, and His Excellency spoke in flattering terms of the soldierly bearing of the lads, and the high state of efficiency in drill which they had attained. An Intercolonial Postal Conference has been sitting in Melbourne during the fortnight Victoria was represented by Mr. Derham, Postmaster-General, with Mr. J. Smibert, acting postmaster-general ; New South Wales by Mr. 1<\ li. Suttor, Postmaster General and South Australia by Mr. J. W. Downer, 0 C , Premier, with Mr. C. Todd, O M.U., Postmaster-General The question of the European mail! service was considered. The delegates will submit the result of their deliberations to their respective Govern- mental, made in the meantime it is not considered advisable that any information on the subject should be made public. The tenders sent in by the Peninsular and Oriental and the Orient Steam Nav ignition companies are not to be accepted The conference, it is I understood, will recommend an endeavour to effect a satisfactory arrangement with the previous tenderers In negotiations. The whole question has been dealt with in an enterprising spirit by the conference, and it is hoped! that greater despatch in the con yes- ance of the mails will be secured. The ar- Admiral Try on, ship commander in chief of the Australian naval station, officially inspected the Victorian naval forces on November 20. Admiral Tryon visited each vessel in turn, made a minute inspection of the crews at various drill, and at the close tendered his congratulations to the commandant. Captain Thomas, and the officers in charge, on the efficiency displayed by the force. On Friday, November 26, a, large Parliamentary party, including the members of the Government, and accompanied by several officers of the Defence department, visited Port Phillip Heads for the purpose of inspecting the defences there. They made the trip in the steamer Burrumbeet, belonging to Messrs. Huddart, Parker, and Co. The Heads were passed, and in returning the steamer was supposed to assume the character of a hostile cruiser. A heavy and on ruinous fire was opened upon her from the ports at Queenscliff and Point Nepean, and from the gunboat Albert, which was at anchor at Pope's Eye Shoal, the position of a proposed new fort. After running the gaunt- let of the first line of defence, the Burrumbeet entered the Western Channel, and re lived the life of the Swan Island battery, off which two submarine mines of 250. each were successfully exploded. The Defence department has recently had the question of the defences of the Heads under consideration, and it is the intention of the Minister of Defence to ask the Govern raeniforalargc Btimotmunev for various works of importance. These include the new fort at Pope's Eye Shoal, a point opposite the Heads, which commands the South and West channels. 'The fort is to be heavily armed, and is to serve the purpose also of a torpedo station. It has been proved that a vessel might pass the Heads at night-time un- observed, and it she did! this she would probably anchor in the South Channel, and by counter unninK endeavour to make a breach in the line of ground mines blocking the way. The new loan would not only give additional protection to the Heads, but would cover any intruder attempting to had a berth in the South Channel, the cost of the lost, in circling armament, is estimated at i.200,000. It would take two years to build, but it the annulus or outer ring were constructed, a temporary butter could be placed within it by employing hopper barges to carry the guns. This work is considered to be urgent. Various other additions to the defences are proposed, and it is suggested that a sum of about ¿'500,000 should be borrowed for the purpose of carrying them out. The whole question is to receive the early consideration of the Government. Mr. H. C. de Lissa, of the firm of Messrs de Lissa and Sachse, whose names have been so intimately connected with the development of the new colony of British North Borneo, has returned to the colonies from England. One of the objects of Mr. de Lissa's visit to London was to induce the Government, to subsidise em Australian line of steamers to make the harbour of Sandakan in North Borneo ported call en route from? Australia to China The Government have listened favourably to Ina proposals, and arrangements have been concluded with the owners of the Gibb Livingstone line of steamships to call at that port. A very large audience assembled in the Temperance-hall on November li), to bid farewell to Mr. W. Noble, the blue ribbon missionary. Mr- «Tnroes Munro was the chairman. Mr. W. M. K. Vale moved a resolution recognising the good which had been accomplished by Mr. Noble's mission in Victoria, and expressing the hope that he would long be spared to continue his work. Mr. Vale stated that Mr. Noble had been recalled to England by the news of his wife's illness. Mr. David Death, who has been Mr. Noble's host during his stay in Melbourne, seconded the motion, and it was carried with much enthusiasm. Air. Noble had a warm reception on rising to reply, and in thanking the meeting for the vote, expressed a hope that at some future time he would be able to revisit the colony. The Blackwall liner Melbourne, which arrived from London in Hobson's Day last Thursday, had a tragic passage. At 3 o'clock on the morning of September 20 able sea- man, named Carlson, fell overboard. The alarm was given, and Mr. Valentine Vale, the chief officer, who was on watch at the time, gave the necessary orders to have the ship stopped. He got into the starboard lifeboat, the lee one, with a crew, and prepared to lower away. The boat, unfortunately, was lowered before the ship's way was suffiCiently checked, and the pins of the disconnecting apparatus were not pulled. In consequence the boat did not free itself, and at the same time it was struck by a sea, which washed out all the occupants and overturned it. A second boat was lowered in all haste, and sent to their assistance. Mr. Vale, the chief officer, and Mr. The even Coates, fourth officer, together with R. Lewis, A. H , sank before help could reach them, none of them being able to swim. Carlson, the man who fell overboard, was rescued, as were also all the other occupants of Mr, vale's boat Adrcadlul tragedy was reported to the Williamstown police on Friday last as having been committed on October 14 on the British ship Gainsborough, while she was on the voyage from New York to Melbourne. The vessel arrived in Hobson's Bay the previous evening, and next morning Constable Morgan, of the water police, proceeded on board and arrested Ernest J. Nicholls for the murder of his intent, a girl aged seven and a half months. The Gainsborough sailed from New York, for Melbourne, on August 20, under the terminated of Captain M'Phail. The only passengers were the prisoner, who is a native of England, 2') years of age; his wife, a German, 22 years of age; and their infant daughter. Nothing peculiar was noticed in the conduct or actions of these passengers during the voyage until October 14, when Nicholls, who was walking up and down the creek at about half-past 10 am , nursing the baby, was observed by the man at the wheel (Charles Anderson to suddenly step up to the port main rigging, and without a word or any apparent excitement, toss the child into the sea. He then walked away quite coolly, and sat down on a deck chair. Anderson at once raised an alarm, and Mr. Greig, first mate, the officer in charge of the deck, and several of the crew ran on to the poop, from which they saw the baby floating astern, face downwards, The ship was rounded to, and the captain having come on deck, a boat was made ready for launch- ing. The weather was fine and the vessel travelling at the rate of eight knots an hour. As the child suddenly disappeared it was deemed of little use to launch the boat, and the BIHP proceeded on her course. Nicholls had been treated for lunacy in one of the New York hospitals An extraordinary attempt to rob a bank was made last Wednesday afternoon at Albert park, when the local branch of the National Bank of Australasia was stuck up by two young men, and, in spite of the determined resistance of the manager, the burglars made their escape with about £270 in notes in their possession. Both men were pursued, and their arrest was effected within half an-hour of the occurrence, the whole of the stolen money, with the excep- ten of about £27 being recovered. The prisoners, who gave their names as John and Robert Lewis, are quite young, their ages being23and 10 respectively. They state that they are natives of Essex, and came to Australia about four months ago, and that they were, in a starving condition when they resolved to rob the bank. The conduct of the in manager of the bank, Mr. G. H. Dare, has been very warmly praised. The annual matches of the Wtormn Rifle Association have just been Thousands this year they extended over a week. The Queen's Prize was won by J. Hicks, a member of the Kyabram Rifle Club, and in the mixed competitions the members of rifle clubs, which have been established all through the colony, were generally successful as against the militia forces 'the AIF A. gold medal, the prize for best all - round shooting, was won by T. G Sloane, of Yarrawonga, another rifle club man, The Victorian members of the Australian team which recently competed at Wimbledon shot in poor form right through the competitions. ... Miss Minnie Palmer is in the fourth week of her season at the Bijou Theatre, and has made a decided hit in "My Sweetheart' A dramatised version of Mr. Anstey's clever story, Vice Versa," and a burlesque on "The Silver King, constitute the bill of fare at Her Majesty's Opera house. " Human Nature' is still in possession of the Theatre Royal. A complimentary benefit concert was given in favour of Miss Christie Fuller, a favourite young Australian vocalist, on the 24th November, in the Freemasons' hall His Excellency the Governor and Lady Loch and a very large audience were present. The eighteenth subscription concert of the Melbourne School of Music, under the direction of Mr C W Russell, was given on the same evening, in the hull of the Melbourne Atheneum A well selected programme of high class music was performed by Messrs. H Curtis P Monto rue, D Cope and Reimers string quartet and Mr A J I allott vocalist The artist students were the Misses Macdonald, Deloqv Ander son, Lewis, Good, and W impose The general effect was quite satisfactory The Mayor of Melbourne (Mr W Cain) united His Excellency the Governor and Lady Loch, the Marquis and Marchioness of Stafford, and friends to a special organ performance in the 1 Town-hall on Friday, the 20th ult the Garrison Military Hand now present in Melbourne on a visit from South Australia commenced a series of performances in the Exhibition building on Thursday, November 25), and they have been given continuously in the afternoon and evening ever since. At first the attendance was shiel,., on account of bad weather, but as the clouds cleared away public approval was freely given The band numbers 46 players, and is under the direction of Mr G Oughton, an excellent conductor, of formerly of H M 40th Regiment In Adelaide they are sun ported the Government We have no such organisation in Melbourne The) play in the genuineatyleof military I) ind Mr J Summers, a wellKnown music teacher in Melbourne and inspector of singing in state schools throughout Victoria, produced on Saturday night in the Prahran Town hall a sacred cantata, composed by him as an Oxford exercise for the degree of Mus Bac at that University, and approved at the time by Sir FAG Ouseley This was the first time of performance , a small but friendly audience received the work with favour the Melbourne Philharmonic Society, conducted by Mr David Lee, gave a grand performance of "Faust," in opera di camera, in the Town-hall, on Monday evening, the 20th ult. There was a large attendance. The band and chorus numbered 800 performers The following was the distribution of the principal parts, namely - Marguerite Madame Boema, Siebel, Miss Frederica Mitchell, Martha, Miss L Curtis, Faust, Mr W Parkinson, Valentine, Mr Charles Uassclmiin , Wagner, Mr W Juniper Mephistopheles, Mr T B Brown ing Mr Martin Simonsen arrived on Saturday morning per Orient steamer, bringing with him from Naples and other Italian cities a company) of 12 leading operatic artists, specially selected by him for the Melbourne Italian opera season, which commences here, in the Alexandra 1 centre, on the 18th December The Melbourne Liedertafel, conducted by Mr Julius Siede, gave a social evening for gentlemen only in the Athenum hall, on Monday night, to enhance the funds of their bazaar stall at the forthcoming Queen Carnival Bazaar in aid of the Ormond Chair of Music Fund. AGRICULTURE A frequent recurrence of hot northerly winds after spells of cold dry weather has indicted much injury on crops generally, except such as had been irrigated or were so nearly ripe as to be virtually beyond damage, in the southern part of the colony, especially in the area between the Deep Creek and the sea, and including the Geelong district, few of the hay crops-the principal crops there grown-will he worth reaping A rainfall commenced on November 24, and the weather continued moist up to the 27th inclusive, giving reason to hope that the late crops will turn out fairly well A close examination of the crops has served to confirm the impression that a moderately fair average will be harvested of wheat. Oats and barley have been harvested during the last fortnight in early districts Some of the heaviest yields of wheat will be heard of on the Goulburn, and a few in the North western districts, the range of yield will be wide, but at present the season is not advanced far enough to permit of a reliable estimate being presented of the average yield for the whole colony. SPORTING The return of Beach from England has been the great event of the fortnight in the sporting world At time of writing the champion oarsman has not yet reached Sydney, where a great reception awaits him In Melbourne Beach was met by representa- tives of the Victorian RowmgAssociation.and welcomed at the Town hall by the Mil) or of the city In referring to his J English experiences, Beach spoke feelingly of the many kindnesses shown to him on the Thames he describes Gaudaur us a most mind) oarsman, and thinks that both he and J. tuner are Bupenor oarsmen to Uiinhin Beach looks upon Mat telson as his natural successor in the chain pionship, but declares the to at any period of his hut, and even after he has de termined to meet no other oarsman, he will row Hanlan Ino conduct of the ex-champion has entirely disgusted his friends in Australia. Mr Joseph Thompson has publicly offered to back Bench against Hanlan for £1,000 a side, will 1500 forfeit, and an allowance of £250 for Hanlan s expenses in coming to Sydney, but all sporting men in the colonies are strongly of opinion that the Canadian has no real desire to row Beach again unless the conditions are entirely in his favour Before leaving Melbourne Beach gave an exhibition of sculling at an aquatic carnival held in his honour at Albert park Lake and was also entertained at a banquet. A social gather- ing was held at Young and [Jackson's Hotel on tuesday night, under the auspices of the Victorian Rowing Association, in honour of William Beach, the chum pion oarsman The chair was taken by Mr li 6 1 ernor, president of the association, and about 70 gentleman sat down to the tables, which were well provided with re frSshiuenta The chairman, in proposing the health of the guest of the evening, presented him with a purse of sovereigns and an illuminated address, which felicitated Beach upon his sculling victories and straight forward career In reply), Beach said that Mr Chaper, the boatbuilder, was the only man in England who on seeing him in a wager boat for the first time, expressed an opinion that he could row Mau) laughed at him but before he left he showed them that he could not learn how to row in England Cannon and Chrystal, two American wrestlers in the Greco Roman style, are now in Melbourne On Saturday the latter met Connor, a well known wri stir in the mixed style, and was beaten by him in the two first falls, the first bout lasting an hour and 17 minutes Chrystal was for years the mask wrestler in Paris, and is a thorough exponent of Greco Roman rules salmon came over specially to wrestle for the brace Roman championship, claimed by the Australian wrestler Pro fessor Miller, who, however, was beaten by Clarence Whistler just before the latter (died Connor has eli changed all corners in the Gripco Roman style Hutchins the English sprint runner, has arrived in Melbourne, and will probably be matched against V Malone, and possibly other runners Just before his arrival Malone was beaten for the champion bolt by Clarke, of Melbourne but was suffering from injury to the leg. and was not in his best form it the time Clarke has challenged Malone to run a match Since their drawn match against eleven of Victoria, the English professionals have beaten one or two of the country district teams in New South Wales, but were in turn de looted by an eleven representing the colony. The match was played on a bad wicket, and the scores were English Eleven, 74 and 68 New South Wales, 114, and 92 for four wickets New South Wales was without the services of Garrett, Evans and Jones, now playing with the Australian Eleven in New Zealand None of the English batsmen scored 20 runs in the first innings, and in the second, Read 21, and Scotton 21 were the only pair to make a stand against the bowling of Turner and I ems the former bowled splendidly, getting six wickets for 20 runs in the first innings, and seven for 34 runs in the second In cutting, Moses came first for New South Wales with two patient innings of 11 not out and SO not out. Percy McDonnell, who has recovered his health and his old brilliancy as a batsman, hit up 89 in the first innings and in the second innings A Bun German played a characteristic innings of 20 Barnes, Briggs, Barlow, Flowers, and Loh man shared the New South Wales wickets HIL Australians won their first match against 22 of Otago, N Z by four wickets Trumble, with 30 and 50, showed best batting form HIL LABOUR MARKET The market continues to be fairly well supplied with most descriptions of labour, but domestic servants are much wanted It had been expected that the German army grant steamer Hapsburg, which arrived a few days ago, would have brought a good many house servants, but to the disappoint- ment of would be employers the immigrants were found to be nearly all married people the Illawarra miners who have been out on stn! e For 18 weeks against a reduction of wages are appealing to the trades unions in Melbourne for pecuniary aid, and to some extent it in being given A resolution has been passed by the Trades hall Council calling upon the associated trades to render the miners all the assistance in their power A deputation from the Trades hall Council has requested the Melbourne Harbour Trust to rescind the resolution passed by that body to the effect that when contracts were dealt) ed owing to a strike or lock out the trust would not enforce the prescribed penalties for non- completion of the contract within the time agreed upon. The trust has taken time to consider the request, but it is not likely to be acceded to The men employed in a tannery at Geelong have gone out on strike on account of being asked to work nine hours a day The Tanners and Curriers' Union have resolved to appeal to Parliament to name diately legalise the eight hours system INTERCOLONIAL NEW soünFwALrs The Premier, Sir Patrick Jennings, addressed his constituents at Dubbo on November 20 and was well received He stated, in defending the Government against the charges of extravagance, that whereas the two Governments which had preceded them had large surpluses to aid them on assuming office his Administration had to face a large deficiency which was bequeathed to them. 'They set themselves resolutely to frame a scheme of taxation, and endeavour to retrieve the credit of the colony, but they met with difficulties at every step, althoUgh they desired to impose taxes for which would bear equally oned classes He churned the Opposition with carrying out an organised system for delaying, hindering,, retarding, und obstructing public business He promised that a reform of. the civil service on a comprehensive, basis would be introduced next session, the expenditure on the roads would be curtailed as far as possible and the erection of public buildings be j omit those already in hand would be suspen led until the financial condition of the country had improved the Government would again introduce Income and Property Tax Bills, and he hoped to have patriotic support 'they would go on with the Land Bill, and would also, if possible, introduce a bill founded on the report of the Water Commission, providing for the irrigation and storage of water. A motion expressing confidence in Sir P Jennings was passed. The first progress report of Mr John Norton, the labour delegate, has been circu- loved and was presented and approved at a meeting of the Trades and Labour Council on Friday evening. The report is dated October 24, is very lengthy, and covers a great deal of ground 1 It gives " full account of Mr hortons proceedings as representative of the council in England, and contains replies- to some adverse criticisms to which his conduct and statements had been subjected He states that he was altogether misrepresented by the reports of his speech at the 'J Trades Congress at Paris, and that his meaning was quite perverted He reports that his mission has been attended by greater success than the outlook at the commencement of it justified him in anticipating, and that he has managed to get the views of the New South Wales working classes and of the. Sydney Congress last year fully placed before the British public The Premier has received a cable message from the agent general, who states that he has been requested by the Prince of Wales to convey his thanks to the Government for so promptly acceding to his request that their exhibits in the New South Wales Court at the Colonial Exhibition should be transferred to the Imperial Institute His Royal Highness also thanks the private exhibitors who have consented to present their exhibits to the institute. A deputation, consisting of between 60 and 60 gentlemen, who had acted as chairmen or had taken an active part at the various indignation meetings held in the city and suburbs, waited on the Governor on November 20, and presented petitions signed by upwards of 31,0e)0 persons, expressing dissatisfaction with the present Assembly and Government, and praying the Governor to dissolve Parliament. The Governor, in reply, pointed out that the elections took place only 12 months ago and that the Ministry had proved that they had the confidence of a large majority of the representatives elected under the free and liberal franchise of the colony. After a mature consideration of all the circumstances, he considered it his clear duty to withhold his assent to a proposition which would in volve him in an admission that the ordinary working of their beneficial constitution had been capable of producing a collapse so complete and so hopeless as the petitioners alleged The ceremony of unveiling the monument erected to the memory of Henry Kendall, the poet, in the Waverley Cemetery, was per- formed by the Governor on November 20, in the presence of a large assemblage of representative gentlemen An oration on the dead poet was delivered by the Right Hon W B) Dalley. Matters in connection with the Chief Jus- ticeship assumed an extraordinary phase during the fortnight In last Summary it was recorded that the vacancy created by the decease of Sir James Martin had been filled by the appointment of Mr Julian Salomons, Q.C., but to the astonishment of the whole colony Mr Salomons wrote a letter to the Premier on November 18 tendering his resignation on the ground that the discourteous attitude assumed towards him by members of the Bench left him no alternative, in the interests of the public, but to retire from the hill position to which the Government had called him. Mr Justice Faucett, Mr Justice Manning, and Mr Justice Windeyer immediately repo dinted through the press any intention of personal antipathy to the appointment of Mr Salomons Efforts were made to induce Mr Salomons to withdraw his resignation, but without effect 'The Chief justice ship was then offered by a man imous vote of the Cabinet to the Right Hon. W B Dalley, but was declined by that. gentleman on an account of the state of his health Mr F. M Darley, Q C, to whom the position was offered in the first instance, then accepted it in view of the difficulties which had unfortunately armen Mr Darley has received the hearty congratulations of the bench and the bar on his election to the chief Justiceship Mr Darley is a native of Dublin are head, and was a school fellow of Mr George Higinbotham, Chief Justice of Victoria. He was called to the bat in Dublin in January, 1863 and became a member of King's Inns, Dublin, and of the Inner Temple, London Sir Robert 1 Fowler M P and ex Lord Mayor of London, has been entertained at dinner on successive evenings by His I feel lency the Governor and the male r of Sydney Sir Robert declared that the action of New South Wales in sending the contingent to the Soudan had given great satisfaction in England, and to both sides of the House of Commons Sir Robert returns to England by the H. M. S. Valetta. The new French consul, Comte de Scguicr, was entertained at a welcome banquet by the members of the -French Club on November 18 The benefit tendered to Miss Nellie Stewart at the Theatre Royal on November 19 was a brilliant success. The Governor and Lady Carrington were present, and the house was crowded to overflowing The ¿uii/iciairo met with an enthusiastic reception fund dressing the audience she stated that she in tended to visit England, and spend 12 or 18 months there, availing herself of the instruction of the best masters. She would not seek or accept an 1 naval engagement the American ship John Bryce arrived on Thursday after a passage of 120 days from Paget Sound She brought a million and a half feet of timber, the largest cargo ever brought to Sydney Prob etc has been granted of the will of the late Mr Thomas Walker The real and personal estate, exclusive of pro) erty in other colonies, was sworn at 4037 184. A very severe hailstorm occurred at Barney s Downs and Bryan's Gap, near Tenter field, on November 21 Entire fields of wheat were completely destroyed, and one farmer had 200 sheep Lille 1 and many more injured by the hailstones, which were as big as eggs Immense damage was done Very severe thunderstorms were reported from other parts of the colony, and deaths from heat ning occurred at Brewarrina and Orange The trial of the prisoners charged with having outraged Mary June Hicks, at Mount Rennie, on September 6, was concluded on Saturday last, and resulted in nine of the men included in the charge, being Ben fenced to death QUEENSLAND In the Legislative Council on November 21, the Land Bill, the Goldfields Homestead Leases Bill, and the British Companies Bill were read a third time and passed Captain Thomson, of thee a. City of Melbourne, has written to the secretary of the Queensland branch of the Geographical Society, reporting the discovery of what he believes to be the cairn erected by Captain .,00k during his visit to the Endeavour River On the 6th November Captain Thomson with the Hon li Lyttelton and two others went in search of the cairn, which they found on a lull 4000ft above the sea level Only the two named reached the summit the cairn had evidently remained untouched since its erection Grass was growing thickly around it, and a tree was also grow- ing through one side, which had caused some of the stones to full off. The discoverers cut the tree down, and burned the grass growing around it H M S Harrier arrived at Cooktown on November 23 bringing Mr Kissack from Dinner Island, ill of fever Lieutenant Mapleton, of the Harrier, had a brush with the natives off the north east coast of Bau Joinville Island H M S. Diamond has gone to Johannet Island to punish the natives for the murder of Captain Craig and the crew of the ketch Emily There was a severe hailstorm in Brisbane and the south eastern suburbs on November 28 Stones of the size of goose eggs fell, and most of the windows in every description of building facing the south east were broken, and many roofs of iron and slate suffered damage the track of the storm was about three miles wide, and terrible effects were experienced in the Oxley Creek and Indooroopilly farming districts. The Jumna has left for London with the largest cargo of wool ever shipped from Aus- tralia viz., 14,000 bales She also takes 600 tons of sugar and flour and 50 tons of copper and silver ores. The Separation Council at Townsville has cab!- t to England, calling attention to Sir Samuel Griffith's delay in reporting on the separation petition The cable between Thursday Island and the mainland, Cape York, has been success-, full) laid. It now remains to complete the land line between Cooktown and Cape York. SOUTH AUSTRALIA. Parliament was prorogued on November 17, after sitting for nearly six months 'The Governor's speech was very brief. Special reference was made to the a pointment of intercolonial and English commissioners for the Jubilee Exhibition, and it was added that the improvement in the price of the staple products and the recent gold discoveries afforded grounds for hoping that the tide of depression had turned up! that more prosperous times awaited the colony) Mr F E Smith, M H A , has been elected mayor of Adelaide unopposed the Government have instructed Captain M'Lean, of H M S l'l)ing 1 iah, to report to the Imperial Government on Port Darwin The 1 Flying Fish is now at Port Darwin, having completed the surveys of Dundas and Clarence Straits live meetings of shareholders in the Town and Country Bank were held on November 21 The directors' report of affairs to September 27 stated that the balance of the ordinary profits was 1.8,827, full provision not having been made for bad and doubtful debts. Bills receivable and other advances were put down at TOOLOOM The gross profits for the half year amounted to 1.23,112 After a warm discussion, the report was adopted A special meeting was afterwards held, at which the resolutions for the amalgamation and liquidation of the bank were confirmed Beach, the champion oarsman of the world, received an enthusiastic welcome on the arrival of the Lusitania last The radii) In acknowledging the toast of his health, proposed by the ran or of Adelaide, the champion referred to the kindness with which he and his friends had been treated in England Favourable accounts continue to be received from the newly discovered Teetulpa diggings The special correspondent of the South Australian Register telegraphed on Monday that the English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bank bought 518 oz, of gold during the past week, all in small lots, the heaviest being 45oz.. Mr. Cowle, the manager, states that the returns from the Melbourne Mint give the value of Teetulpa gold sent for assay at 38s per ounce On Saturday, at an anti-Chinese meeting held in the afternoon, it was resolved that the Government be asked to stop the Chinese from coming to Teetulpa, and it was stated that in any case they would not be allowed to work if they arrived Numbers of miners are leaving Victoria by every steamer for Adelaide en route to the new diggings. WESTERN AUSTRALIA The Government have recently issued a Blue Book on the '"I Treatment of Aboriginal Natives in Western Australia.'' It is said to be an admirable and most interesting compilation giving a full history of the native question, so far as it may be gathered from numerous despatches addressed by the Governor to the Secretary of State, containing voluminous enclosures relating to the condition of the aborigines of the colony, to the laws affecting them to the treatment they had received, to the results of investigation of complaints, and, finally, to Mr Gribble's statements on the subject. These are reported upon at length, every sensational accusation receiving its refutation in a record of the result of searching official inquiry. The Blue Book was published at the special request of the Legislative Council. THE lUMBERLEYGOLDFIELDS The Argus correspondent at Perth, writing on November 12, says Nothing could have been more lamentably ill advised than the late pouring into Kimberley of a stream of adventurers, a great part of them without any resources and utterly unfitted for the work of gold-finding. A madness appears to have seized upon many of these people After the cost and exertion of reaching Mount Barratt, hundreds of them unimpeded back to Wyndham, without an effort at practical trial of the ground Because a certain amount of gold and a few nuggets were reported to have been found there a rush was made to the country, up parently in the belief that the precious metal was to he picked up for the trouble of stooping When it was discovered that gold seeking more rightly described the position than gold collecting," the rush buck was even more frenzied than had been the advance, and the country, without the slightest reason, was given a had name Happily, neither our Government nor our press can be rightly licensed in the matter Constant warnings were given by them that Mount Barratt was no poor man's field, and that the only chance was for well equipped parties taking the right season of the year Now, however, we have, it is believed, got rid of most of the "swagsmen," and the diggers remaining (variously computed as between 1,000 and 2 000 in number) have both means and experience, and are undertaking a thorough systematic prospecting of the country between the heads of the Fitzroy and the South Australian boundary, with apparently very encouraging results During the departing stampede the Government Resident at Wyndham had an anxious time, the diggers being by no means easy customers to deal with, and their circumstances desperate. At a vast distance from headquarters, and without being invested with extensive dis- cretionary powers, Mr F'. A Hare, a previously untried magistrate, seems to have passed well through it is ordeal, and to have won the very high opinion both of those on the spot and of his official superiors TASMANIA The Council has passed the Third Judge Bill without the provision that he should reside in or near Launceston In the Assembly on November 19, the leader of the Opposition moved the adjourn- ment of the House to enable him to express his opinion of the conduct of the agent general in mismanaging his business, and not sending official information The conduct of the agent general was generally regarded as unsatisfactory, and the Ministry admitted this The motion was lost by one vote, the a) es being 12 and the noes 13. Mr Justice Giblin has received leave of absence until the end of the year The state of his health is causing a great deal of anxiety. Mr. Justice W renfoidsley will act as his locum tenens NEW ZEALAND An authoritative announcement has been made that Sir John Hall will seek to re-enter public life on the first favourable opportunity Sir John held the position of Premier when he was compelled to retire from public life owing to ill health. Sir George Grey is at present visiting Auckland, and it is stated that he intends deposing of his island home Hathaway and residing in Auckland, as soon as his art treasures shall have been removed to the free public library and art gallery Sir George has had several interviews on Samoan affairs with Mr. Sherwood, who has recently returned from the group Mr Sherwood, who was arrested by the American Consul at Samoa, intends proceeding to London in the interests of a syndicate which proposes utilising huge tracts of land in the group He intends at the same time to prosecute his claim for damages against the United States for false imprisonment. The Wellington Chamber of Commerce has endorsed the action of the South Australian Brokers' Association relating to farthing bids at the London wool sales NEW GUINEA in the Queensland Legislative Assembly on November 17, Mr Palmer called attention to the recent massacres on islands near New Guinea, and said that it was quite time something was done to prevent these savage attacks and murders, which were carried on in the face of the absolute powerlessness of the Government to do any thing to check them. Mr Dickson replied that the matter had been fully considered by the Premier, and representations had been made by him to the Admiralty), TheGovernmentcould not very well take up an offensive attitude to protect traders who might go outside the jurisdiction of Queensland That was a matter which had to be left to the Imperial authorities The Admiralty certainly seemed very passive, and had not hitherto displayed that attention to the representations made to them which the people of Queensland desired to see , but it had not been for want of representation on the part of the Government who had done all that could be done. SpenkingonthesameBub ject on November 10, the Premier, Sir Samuel Griffith said that the agent g naval had urged the importance of the matter on the Colonial office, but had been unable to get any answer There was now no Government at all in New Guinea There was a commissioner, but he had no powers whatever, except to make regulations which he had to enforce if he could The present state of things could not continue but he felt very much in doubt what to do It had been suggested that they should take the matter into their own hands, but he could not accept that MOW THE NEW HEBRIDES. TheQ S S CompanysstcamerCoreaarnved at Brisbane on November 17, from a round trip to the islands with a large number of returned Kanakas The Corea while in the New Hebrides, visited both Port Sandwich, in the island of Mallicolo and Havannah Harbour in the island of Sandwich at each of which places French military stations had been established 1 the force at each place numbering about 100 men Barracks and other build- rats have been erected on land which is the purchased property of the New Henri des Company The branch s are only co 1 bush houses but the roads I ridges and wells all present thoroughly perm incut appearance At H Hannah Harbour greater reticence was observed than at Port Sun 1 wich but at each place the I lea of leaving the New Hebrides is recur It by the French men with amusement and laughter Where they are and there they inten 1 to stop is in effect what they say I he New Hebrides company which is generally believed to be heavily subsidized by the French is buying more land in the island of Mallicolo, and the barracks at Port Sandwich will probably be shifted 1 to a more -hellend BP it. The n Hives of the New Hebrides especially those on the island of Mallicolo openly express dislike to the Trench These natives are much more fully supplied with arms of all the older kinds than on any other island but it is doubtful if they have much ammunition MONETARY AND COMMERCIAL The Argus Office, Tuesday Evening The RM S S Tasmania, with the outward Australian mails left on the 18th inst, for London The gold and specie taken was of the value of £25 192 14s 7d Ihel- MSS Shannon, with the English mails to October 15, arrived on 20th inst The Shannon made a good pass one although there was delay at blue? and the mails were landed in 3d dues. The K.M.S S Cuzco, with mails, passengers and cargo cleared for London on the 27th Inst The Cuzco took away a full cargo of wool and other products, and the refrigerating chamber was filled with frozen mutton. A portion of space was reserved for Adelaide, and some :30 4000 in specie was shipped there. The K.M S.S Lusitania, of the Orient line, arrived on 27th inst Her latest date by the Lusitania is the 22nd alt and her mails on Saturday were landed in a little everyday The Lusitania had a full passenger list The french mail steamship Yarra of the Messageries Maritimes, arrived on the 27th inst from Marseilles, via Mahe, Mauritius, and Adelaide with mails passengers and cargo. The Imperial German mail steamship Habsburg of the Norddeutscher Lloyd 8, arrived on 26th rust from Bremen, via Antwerp Southampton and the Suez Canal The Habsburg is the fourth vessel of her line which has been placed in the Australian mail service. Business during the past fortnight has been quiet, and and few transactions of any conse quence have come under our notice the tenor d surround lines of the market, however, are encouraging and some improvement is looked for before long The rains have assured a good season for the squatters, while the wet weather a few days ago has greatly benefited the crops which should yield an average harvest Stocks of most articles also are moderate while shipments on the water are on the whole less than at the same time last year The position of the markets in the neighbouring colonies and the state of the money market no doubt stand in the way of more extensive operations Regarding the latter, there seems to be some prospect of easier rates ruling before long, the banks having proposed to form a new association, embracing all the banks in all the colonies, to enable this to be done at once Discounts no doubt would come down soon after a decline in the rates of interest Although the arrival and shipment of the wool clip has not had as much effect on the money market as was expected, still the arrival of the wheat, which should begin to come forward at the close of the year, must tend to ease the strain at present existing in the money market Confidence is well main- tamed and no insolvencies of any consequence have come under our notice As already stated, actual business has to a great extent been confined to small parcels for ordinary trade requirements Bulk ales continue in short supply, and only trade sales are making at full prices Bottled ales and stouts have been in good request and fair parcels of the different brands have been disposed of at current rates For jute goods a fair demand continues. Cornsacks have been most in request, but holders maintain considerable firmness, and do not care to sell freely We have heard of about 500 bales having been cleared off in parcels at up to Sa. I 3d Woolpacks have been in fair request but prices have declined owing to the arrival of shipments per ss Cloncurry Sales of 1121 are reported at up to 3s. duty paid while for lOJIb 2s 6d duty paid has been obtained Branbags are moving off steadily at late rates Candles have not had much intention At auction Schiedam and Prices brought Over Fish have not been in such good request recently Salmon has not had much attention, and prices, owing to the larger offerings from Sydney, are slightly easier fis. JI having been accepted for one or two parcels J rude sales of sardines are reported at late rates but no large lines have changed hands. Ling is moving off steadily at -feel Other descriptions have had moderate attention at current rates A good demand has been experienced for flints Currants especially, have been in good request, and stocks on the spot being reduced laches prices have been obtained Altogether, during the past fortnight about _ 000 cases and 300 civBks have changed hands at up to 2d in bond and 5d duty paid to-day 400 COSCB have been quitted at 6d duty paid at which figure holders are very firm In munns there has iiotbeeiimuch doing, bujer_operiitiu"very sparingly Recent advices report large ship turns out Denies and Sultanas and this no doubt has influenced the in erect- Stilts are making at up to 9d duty paid by c hear of 4000 boxes of 1 Horses having been taken at equal to 2d in bona Holders are firm at 5d duty paid In the breadstuffs market there is not much doing For flour the demand has been of a limited character and prices have declined slightly since the departure of the list mail Arrivals from the country till recently have been maintained, while exports have also been on a liberal scale Stocks however are increasing and this no doubt, has caused the weakness noticeable recently Besides this prices in Adelaide are low so that orders which would usually be executed here are sent to that port For country Friends from 110 2s 6d to £10 10s is quoted, while for town brands up to £11 is asked A little better demand has been experienced recently for wheat due no doubt, to the smaller sum piles but now that fine weather has again set in larger race sets are looked for Prices at the beginning of last week had fallen to 4s 10d. with no buyers but have advanced again up to 4s 10d to 4s 11d, with some holders asking more money 1 lee quantity si lit, however, was not large According to 7/ie AttstiaUtiian estimates there is still sufficient in the country to meet all probable demands for export, as well us sufficient for our other requirements late ling grains are easier r owing- to the large and merits which have recently come to hand from New Zealand H ps have had moderate attention Holders however are firmer an 1 up to his 1 has been obtained for good Victoria en loSOs A fair ditto md has been ex- perience 1 for main And ng other sales we are advise lots) free on 1 i English is having been quitted at 10s by Colonial made famous" off steadily at up to us. In metals there is not much done, the dem in I being chiefly confined to Billilli p parcels for imme butt wants Owing to a rise in values in the home market a speculative movement here has resulted in 2.0 000ft. of gas pipes having been taken up Holders now ask us a chance of 5 per cent A good dun unit has been expen raced for girls mised iron and as stocks are light prices are slightly firmer Ut bathtub of 2.0 casts of Goshe I Oak having been taken up at fu 11 races Holders now ask iron 5lb 10s to £10 los. Oils have hardly been notice I there being a very limited inquiry Oilmen a st fires are mining oil steadily at late rules but no special transactions li ive come under our notice A got el deman 1 has been experience 1 for sugar and fair p British evctliangcdbands Holders have recently shown more firmness and prices exhibit a slight improvement Stocks of all descriptions are light so that holders are justified in being firm At the same time supplies from Queensland show a slight falling-off due no doubt to the ship ments made direct to low zeal and an 1 South Australia besides exports t > Claim mel London 1 best must affect the total supplies available for this market especially as owing to the nuns having carriers I with crushing oper tions, the total output is expected to be at least 15 per cent, under the estimates The total exp iris from Queensland to date amount to 23 500 tons and these with require meats for consumption and contract- made for further ships rats to London and China, will leave about 12 500 tons available for distribution in the colonies At the same time the exports from Mauritius for this colony are light owing to the decline in the exchange which has recently taken place with out any corresponding decline in the value of sugars the market at present is therefore, in a very strong statistical position though prices have not been maintained till recently, owing to the weakness of some holders and the large public offerings. Publicly and privately during the past fortnight about 20,000 packages of Queensland and Mauritius have been cleared off at from £13 to £14 for browns and rations, up to £19 10s. for yellows, and up to £23 10s. for best whites. For teas there has not been much inquiry. Telegrams have recently been received from Foochow stating that prices there for con- goes were firmer, while stocks had been reduced from 60,000 chests on the 15th Inst to 23,000 chests on the 24th inst Exchange had also advanced to 3s. 0j|i|. In the face of these messages importers have been asking higher prices, which, however, the trade have not been prepared to give. On Tuesday last a fair quantity of Foo-chow were submitted publicly, but as the bidding was not up to holders' limits the entire quantity was withdrawn. 1,100 packages of Indian were also offered, and almost the entire quantity was sold. Prices, however, showed a decline, especially for fine form. To-day prices for Indian showed a slight improvement, but little actual business is doing outside of the auction rooms. No timber sales were held last week, but to-day a fair quantity was offered. Oregon and flooring sold at about late rates. Oregon laths and pickets were slightly firmer. Hardwood brought current rates. For tobacco there has been a moderate inquiry, and sales are making steadily at agents' prices. For wines a good demand is experienced, and fair parcels of the different descriptions are moving off at full prices. In spirits nothing of importance has transpired, the demand being confined to small parcels for actual wants. A Bank Rates There has been no change in these since last mail. The rates are as follow Discount on three months' bills, 7 percent, per annum ; beyond that currency, 8 per cent, per annum. Interest on over- drawn accounts, 6 per cent, per annum. Interest on deposits stands at 4, 5, and 6 per cent for sums lodged for three, six, and 12 months respectively. Exchange The banks are now charging the following rates for 60 days' sight bills on London, viz Buying, Ds. per cent, discount, and selling 10s., 12s. 6d. per cent, premium. The latest dates received are as follow :-? From London, October 23 ; New York, October 10; Calcutta, October 29 ; Mauritius, November 12 A Hong Kong, October 29; Foochow, October 20 ; Manilla, October 15 : Batavia, October 4. The clearances of cold effected at the port of Melbourne during the last fortnight amounted to Brelaz. The total gold exports from the port since the beginning of the year have been 84,930oz., while for the corresponding period of last year they were 87,G05oz. PUBLIC COMPANIES. An extraordinary meeting of the shareholders of the Victoria Estate Company was held on November 16, at their offices, 60 Queen-street, Mr. T. Alston presiding. It was explained that the meeting had been called to alter the rules with regard to new shares that were yet to be issued. On the 50,000 shares of 5 each of which the company was to consist, 10,000 had already been issued under the existing rules, one of the conditions of which was that 1s. per share per month should be paid on each share until the whole of the £5 was paid up. The alterations proposed with regard to the new shares were that the directors should have the power to issue them as they thought fit, and make calls on them for such amounts as might, in their opinion, be desirable. Power was also to be given under the alterations for the directors to accept payments in advance of calls on the new shares and allow interest on the payments. The time required as notice to be given of the holding of an extraordinary meeting was also reduced by the alteration from 30 days toll. The chairman stated that the alterations had received great consideration, and it was most advis- able to adopt them in order to allow the directors to utilise the land of the company and complete their buildings. Mr. T. Moubray moved that the proposed alterations be agreed to, and the motion was seconded by Mr. B. Peck, and unanimously agreed to The twelfth annual meeting of the Premier Permanent' Building. Land, and Investment Association, was held on Friday last in the Athenaeum-hall, Collins-street east. Mr. J Nimmo,. MLA., presided, and there was a large attendance of shareholders. The Chairman moved the adoption of the report and balance-sheet. He had paid great attention to the affairs of the society since the shareholders had done him the honour of making him their president, and could state that year by year its business had increased must satisfactorily. As a proof that it had progressed in an unprecedented manner, they had only to look at the figures given in the report with respect to the years 1883-4-6, and compare them with the figures for the year just closed. The total income of the society in 1883 was £54,8114, in 1884 it was £80,805, and in 1885 £200,100 ; but for the year just closed it was £451,085, for close upon half a million of money, and more than double the income for 1885. Mr. A. Webster seconded the motion, and it was carried unanimously. Mr. J. Nimmo, MLA., was reflected president, and Mr. J. Stewart vice president. PRICES BREESE. the general rates current The following At,!-, (bulk) £ s. d. Bass's. 8.0 0 Carlisle Company .... 7 100 Hill oil's . 7 100 Aitken's . 7 0 0 Cooper and M'Leod 5 100 Win V onager nail Co. 3000 ALf, (l)OtUüU) Foster and Son's Euglo Urania . 0 11 0 Porter's Bulldog brand 0 10 a IILIUI Bros/a Dog liens 0 10 at StonoaudSons 0 100 Aitken's 0 0 U Boss, bottled by Burke 0 10 3 JI'Evvan's 0 100 Anglo-Uavarloi. 0 100 lady's WheelBrand.. 0 100 Aitohesun's. 0 0 0 Ulood'a 0 0 0 Hall's BoiVs Hoad .. ODD Win. Younger and Co. 3000 T. V. arialn. 0 0 0 Cooper nail M'Lcod'a 080 St Louis Lager Beer .. Oil 0 Kaiser da. 0 0 0 Tennent's Ale, quarts lOi.; pints OF Dil. STOUT (Built) Gulnucu's. 7 100 Win. Younger and Co. 2700 STOUT (Bottled) Kdraond's Pig brand 0 10 3 Porter's Ulllldoit 0 10 0 auinnoss's,bottlodbyBurko 0 10 3 Hoad Bros.' Bulldog 0 10 a Guinness's!, bottled by, AL B Foster. 0 100 Hall's Hair's Head (stone) 0 0 0 Guinness's!, bottled by Stone and Sons. 0 100 Blood Wolfe's 0 0 to GuliiaoHa'a, bottled by Woolie, Blood, and Co... 0 100 Guinness's Wheel brand 0 10 8 O'Brien's Dagger brand 3000 Guinness's, bottled by K. Johnson and Co. 0 10 3 TiMents 0 8.0 PAOS, UAOOIMI (In bond) He).. 040 Cornsacks. 0 Medal, as an pockets 0 Woolpacks. 1916 (In bond) 0 Do lOJlb. 0 CANDLES Ivoia Stearine 0 Schiedam 0 Do Bottling, Odenkovon, and Co. 0 BranuQii 0 Orient Paradoo 0 area's 0 Apollo (colonial) .. Do., Contest do. Hltehon'a I'otrounos, do. 0 0 of 0 0 76 Do, Star brand, do . Do Carriages 0 111 Do. llcilrooui.0 0 Of Dr Lamp .. ,. 0 0 83 CONTEST Gosling's: .... _ 012 0 Knight, Bevan's .... 012 0 White's 0 12 8 Lighthouse 12 0 WRITINGS 5 0 FtiASTkn Americans 13 0 CimsuoAta Caustic soda, 70 per cent.. Carbonate soda Saltpetre 1 Mb. no soda. 10 tartaric acid cream of tartar 0 Her end of sulphur.. .. 14 Prepared opium H. 1 Chiconi - In time In other packages 0 Goomarin bond) Ccv Ion Plantation No. 1 .. Q 16 100 0 0 Ja Other kinds, up to 0 CoWlxTIONKKT Victoria assorted 0 CiunlliJ peel Jujubes, up to 0 Corns can Best Manilla hemp, View torian*iuiido, up to .. US Dado, in to jin.05 Do do Hat ropos,aceordiilg those 57s New Zealand flax ropes .. 2 Do do., cordage sizes 2 Play la*.lilniis.II Seaming: twine 0 Shop Uv Ino .. " 0 TISH Haddocks. Herrings, Kippered, 1lb. tins. u . Do., lied, In barrels 1 to do. In kits 0 shells fresh 30 Lindenow) 0 Cod(Amcrleani 0 Lobsters, Jib. tins 0 Oyster, Jib tins 0 Salmon, listing (American) 0 Do. salt 0 Sardines (halves) .... (I Do (.tiiiartors) 0 FLOUR AND GIRLS Hour, Victorian .. 10 I Bran. Pollard 0 Oatmeal, Victorian,. .. 17 Pearl barley J. 17 Wheat, pillion .. 30 Oats New Zealand, in bond 0 Milling, v victorian, (rue.. 0 Of.. - 66.. - 0 0 0 .. 0 100 Victorian feed _ 202a oao Cape sorts " _ 1928-29 Barley Malting .. _ 0 0 I I 0 < 9 Cape, feeding a 0 0 111 0 0 3 1 Maize 90 day Victorian 3 "089..040 POA. _ 2088 089 FRUITS Currants .... 1 II ii . O 0 lb Figs, clear, in his. boxes.. 0 4 G L 0 6 0 Dates (new), boxes 0 0 0 4 0 0 0 6 Jordan almonds .... 0 1 0 0 0 110 Raisins Muscatels, lovers, prima .. 0 1 0 .. 0 1 2 Kieme. O 5 6 - - French prunes (bottles) .. 0 1 0 0 0 1 19 Sultana O 0 5 .. - list, of apples 0 4 0 0 0 6 Girsrowunt- , Curtis and Harvey's 0 0 Gi a - Hall's Blasting 0 0 Of - Kaimcs's do. 0 0 61 .. - Sharp's days 0 01 .. -> hold- t Bent 1885), duty paid .. 0 1 0 0 0 1 Tasmanian (ISSU), in bond.. 0 0 0.. - Victorian (1885) .... 0 0 3 " 0 0 6 Do. (lbSO) 0 0 0 7 0 0 0 10 Bavarian (1885) .. "010.. 018 MALT DIRIISII (new) .. 0 0 0 0 .. 011 of Victorian " 0 6 6 2. 6 6 of METALS Galvanised Iron, best brand. 100 0 17 17 0 0 Fire Iron 6 7 0 8 U 0 Bar and rod iron .... 8 0 0 8 8 100 Sheet Iron, Nos. 3 to 18 0 0 0 0 11 100 Hoop Iron 10 0 .. 100 0 Fencing wire, according to brand and number 8 100 0 0 15 0 Pig lead a .... 100 0 10 100 Lead shot " " ., 23 O 0 .. 80 0 0 bhootlead.20 0 0 .. - Whitelead .. '.. .. 28 10 0 - Muntz metal 0 0 66 .. The banks nails .... 10 per cent, off list French down 15 0 ..' 0 100 American do. 0 0 13 0 0 0 19 0 Collins and Sharp's heavy axes. 2-18 0 " - Ames's shovels 2 100 v. - Days' D.Ue shovels, in. to Holloivare Zinc Tinplate!, IX coke .. 0 0 22 0 0 24 Do., looked 17 0 0 0 18 Do., lOolmrcoal 0 0 22 6 0 21 OILS Linseed, boiled In bulk (D.P.) 0 2 9.. 5 Do., In drums .. 032.. - Other, In bulk (D.P.) 040.. - Do., In drums 0 0 4 0 0 5 Colza, In drums (duty paid) 0 4 0.. - Do. (In bulky 8 7.. - Turpentine do., do .... 0 2 10, - Chinese, In tins (In bond).. 6 2 6.. - Castor, In cases (in bond).. 0 2 0 0 0 3 Palm (free) 27 0 0 ., 23 0 Cod (freely 8 5 0 0 8 Cocoanut 27 0 0 27 10 Whale 32 100 .. - KEROSENE (In bond) Aurora 0 0 10 .. - Comet 0 10 R " Diamond's 0 10 .. - "Lighted thoAge,"160dcg. 0 10.. - Crystal, 150deg. .... 0 1 4 2 - Anchor, landed. cost .. 0 1 4 0 0 1 OILMEN'S STORES Black currant jollies 0 14 0 .. - Red Cross lib. jams 040.. - Calrim'sniarinalado.. H 0 8 O H - Keillor's 0 7 8.. - Salad oil, a and B. quarts 13s.. -- Do., do. pints .. _ OH O " - Do., do. half-pints .. 070.. - Do-, Morton's pint.. 0 15 0 - Do., do half do 6 6 2 - Castor oil, pints .. 070.. - Do., half do 4 0.. - Sauces, according to brands 0 5 0 0 0 10 Holbrook's Worcester sauce 0 7 0 0 0 7 Do. pint pickles .... 0 0 0 .. 0 9 Swiss milk 5 0 " - Scandinavian do., Paris gold medal brand.. ..050.. - Papers 7 0 0 0 7 Bryant and May's vested 0 0 4 3 0 4 Paintings done 4 4s.. - IL Bell's doing 4 8.. - Bell and Black's do. 0 1 II.. - Colman's mustard, yachting 0 0 86 .. - per doz. Do. do., lb. tins 0 100 .. - Do. do., lb. tins .. 000.. - Do DSF, jib. tina 0 0 H. - Do. do., lb. tins 0 18 3 .. - Keen's Dil', Jib. tins 0 13 8 .. - Do. do., lb. tins .. 003.. - Do. do., Jib. tins .. ..054.. - Do. Durham. 7lb. tins 0 l) J " - Victorian prepared mustard, in boxes.010 0 .. - per lb. Do. do, 4lb. tins .. ,.012.. - Do. do., 7lb. tins .. 012.. - Victorian cocoa, according quality 0 0 9 0 0 1 at Taylor's cocoa .. 013.. - Fi)'eooooa.0 18.. " ' double double choice '"Tea Vlotorianoliocolato.. 0 0 1 1 0 0 1 8 Robinson's patent groats 0 0 0 0. - Colman's white and blue starch 0 0 6.. - Orlando Jones's do. 005.. - Hermann's rice starch 0 0 11 - Harvey and Neville's da 0 0 0 J. 0 0 6 Louis and Whitty's white and blue do. 0 0 in - Do. square blue 0 0 Ü .. - - Colman's thumb blue 0 Only,. - Keen's Oxford Blue.. 2000.. - Sago and tapioca 0 0 0 16 0 0 at Macaroni and vermicelli ,.008.. - Black pepper 0 8,. - White days 1 OF 0 1 1 Gelatine .. " 0 4 3 .. 012 0 Vinegar, bottled .... 0 5 0 0 0 7 0 Holbrook's pure malt wine gar 7 0 '.. - Da bulk 0 1 0 " 0 111 80Af Kitchen's Anchor," p. ton 200 0.. - Do. best pale. 22 0 0 .. - Do. "Globe" 14 0 0 .. - Do. "Household" 18 0 0 .. - QuiCKHILV'BIl In bottles 2 4 0 0 2 ft Rice New Patna (in bond) 12 0 0 12 100 Japan dressed (duty paid)., 13 100 39 O'O Patna, old (duty paid) .. 200 0 .. - SALT Liverpool coarse 3 3 5 0 3 7 6 Do., line 4 6 6 4 4 5 0 London scored 4 7 6 4 100 Jan 20 6 0.. - Hock (duty free) .... 2 100 .. 2 15 0 SUGAR (duty paid) Crushed loaf, Dutch. 21 100 .. 25 0 0 White, flue to Guest .. 33 0 0 23 100 Do., medium. 22 100 .. - China whites, fine to finest 22 100 "23 0 0 Amerioangraiiulatod 21 0 0 23 o 0 Brewing crystals, fine to finest 20 0 0 21 21 0 0 Yellows, due to finest .. 17 100 To 0 0 Brown. 14 0 0 .. 100 0 stations 33 0 0 .. 14 0 0 Victorian Sugar Company's (duty paid) No. I. - 23 100 .. No 2.21 5 0 .. - No. 8.17 100 .. - TKAB (in bond) Foochow : Low common leafy 007 0 0 7 Common to ordinary 007?.. 0 0 Si Ordinary to medium 0 0 0 8 0 0 0 0 Medium to Uno 0 0 0 10 0 Oils rinotollnost .... 0 1 0 0 0 1 '3 Choice 0 1 4 0 0 1 11 Kaisow, buds, come. 0 0 0 7 0 0 0 8 Da, fine 0 10 0 0 1 25 S. O. Pekoe, oom. 0 0 0 9 0 0 0 10 Do, fine 1 0 .. 0 1 81 Do., Caution make " 6, 0 7 0 0 O an Indian : Broken leaf .... 0 0 0 .. 0 0 10 PokooSouohong.. 0 OH 0 1 is Pekoe 0 I OJ .. 0 1 4 Orange pekoe .... 014*018 Tallinn American Lumber Clear pine, according to size and quality .... 14 100 17 100 W.E.T emU. celling 9 100 .. 100 0 Showing .... *. 10 100 10 12 0 Baltic and Scotch Flooring Red, Ox it, Land G. 0 8 0 0 0 8 9 Da, Ox J, do.0 7 0.. - . Da, Ox j, da .. 000.. - Dax J, do beaded 060.. - Do., Ox J, do., do. .. 047.. - Weatherboards .. 060.. - White, Oxll, T. and G. 080.. - Do., do!, do. ".." 0 ft 3 0 0 0 6 Do., Ox j, do 6 9.. - Da, Ox |, does 4 0 0 0 4 9 Da, One, do., do 0 0 4 3 0 0 4 1 Do, 9 x 6, do do 0 8 8 " - Weatherboards .. 060.. - Baltic Red Deals 0x4,9x8.0 0 66.. ed.S) 1186 0 01 0 0 0 Oj 8x3,7x3,7x2}.. 0 0 4d s. 4d. 18-16 Oregon timber 6 6 10 0 0 0 6 0 Spruce deals and battens 0 0 21,. - Blackwood logs, according to size and quality 0 100 .. 0 15 0 Kauri logs 100 0 100 Sawn hardwood 0 0 7 0 0 0 8 S TOBACCOES Colonial-made : Common tobest .... 0 1 4 0 0 3 2 . Khclniiold organ (D.B.).. 7 0 0 7 7 100 Imported : Common quality flat work 0 10.. 012 Twists : Haven 0 14. - St Andrews 0 1 36 .. - Black Hawk " 0 1 36 .. 0 1 4 Aromatics : Victory 1 10 0 0 2 0 Dark Navies : Two books 14.. - Tennent's 12.. - Queen of the Seas 014.. - Black Hawk .... 0 1 22 0 1 4 Cigars the Mining cheroots .... 200.. 2 400 Kuovo Uaianos 2 2 5 0 2 16 0 Genuine Havannah 13 0 0 .. 80 0 0 Ormond's (Swiss),. £18 0 £10 0 Tav emily, does 0 0 .. 1 11 0 German cigars .... £10 0.. 300 WINES (Bulk) Fort Very superior .... 90 0 0 100 0 0 Good old. 400 0 .. 600 . Good 30 0 0 .. 400 0 Hunt's 25 100 .. 05 0 0 Spanish Bed 18 0 0 .. 200 0 Miguel de Sons Goodes, 3 to 5 Diamond.. .. 28 C 0 62 0 0 Uutellesoll's 27 0 0 .. 600 0 Sherry - Superiors 0 0 110 0 0 Medium and good .. 32 0 0 .. 400 0 Commands 0 0 .. 200 0 Dull, Gordon, and Co... 34 0 0 140 0 0 Springs Brandy, bulk Slci"«-;'e, 1878 0 17 0 .. - Martell's, pale, 1878. .. 0 15 0 0 0 10 8 Otard's, U 76.0 16 0 .. - Do, 1878 0 11 0 .. - llarrlasson's.0 8 0 0 0 12 8 Marrett's 0 0 0.. - Denis Mouule's " 2000.. - Wine Distillers Co... .'. 0 7 0 0 0 8 O Champagne Vineyard' 070.. - Jules Robin's, 1878. 080.. - Do., dark 0 8 0.. - Do., 1808 village 0 IS. 0 .. In Grand Marque Pinet Castillon , Boleesos Frere-' -fellow- G and T. Bocot's .. Vinegrowers'. Lucien Bellata Associated Vineyard' .. Associated Vineyards', old Albert's . Lcvccques .... Premier's . Richard and Muller! I, Gaspard-' J. Clouten . Brandy, case- . , ilcnneay'fl 0-80 ., Do., three star .. UarUll's, one star .. - Do., three star' Otard's . Denis double Mcukow's ,.. March. .. Luchon Bellotti .. Lucien Foucauld .. Do., three star ' ... Richard and Muller. La Grande Marque .. Other oronda..,_ _, .. Rum Lemon Hart- .. KEEPER . Demerara Old 'a .. Lamb's Queensland at Geneva JDKZ. BlaD.cnhclm man Nolen's Koy. Vaudenborg Bell ., Marcus's Key Brand Whiskies Thom and Cameron's (new; Do. (let) . John Ross's. Ballachulish .. Glenvarloch. Durville.. Win. Jamieson's Kirker. Greer, and Co.'s Loch Dhu case .... Da, Imp. quarts .... F S. OF £ s. d. 0 7 0 116 a 2 7 6 19 6 2 6 6 ino 1 11 0 18 6 0 13 0 12 0 13 3 7... 4 6.. 3 ;. .. Do., Brian Boru, case Kncorc, bulk.. Do., 0030 Standard, In bulk .. Da, la close. Planet brand, old rotted , Ford's Castle Blend, new , Do. do., old. Walker's bulk Do. CObQ Usher's old Glenlivet Do., Special Reserve Innes and Grieve... Do. Old Harry Var .. Durville, cases Royal Blend .. Lorne. St. Mungo, bulk .. Do., case . , Thistle Blend. 0 12 0 13 0 100 18 Mitchell. Bull. Cork Distillery Sir Robert Burnett's Old Tom Wolfe's Schnapps STOCK AND SHARE LIST. ' NOV. 20. 2700 3200 311-315 100000 175000 200000 11.7000 162000 7-3000 600000 600000 1310550 Viet. Gov. 0 per cents., due 1889 . Viet. Gov. 5 jeer cents., due 1894 Not. GOT. 4 per cent stock Melbourne Corporation Upcrcont Melbourne Corporation 6 per cent. Metropolitan Gas 6 per cent M. and li.D. Hallway 6 per cent. M. and U.B.U. Hallway 6 per cent. NovvSouthWalcs5perueiit,duoUKI_ New Zealand 4 per cent Queensland -4 per cent. Queensland sit per cent running CO rAin.s. its 6000 2000 400250 6000 80000 1000000 500000 175000 1000000 1500000 lUOeWOO rooster) 720000 60000 SiKWO] ideal! 2030 30214 WÎ 10! 60000 1250 t.0000 40000 MR.C 16218 200000 40000 BANKS Australian Dept. ' arrange. Bank.. J Hal. Bank. Limit . Do., vessel Colonial of Austral. Commercial of Australia (Limited) .. National of Australasia New South Wales. J VlcU>uu(Mel.re_. A Do. (London reg. Land Mortgage New Zealand Union Australasia .. London Chamber of Australia English, Scottish, de Aust. Chartered.. 2J CIty of Melbourne.. 22 Federal of Australia OAH COUl'AMKel. Ballarat Bendigo Castlemaine. - Dajlesford(Llmltcd) Geelong Metropolitan possesses, Australian Alliance National Fire Insur. Southern Insurance Victoria Life & Gen. Victoria Insurance: (Limited).. UIBC-LLAhKOUg. a Gippsland Steam Ni l'I-üoldslirou.h&Co.; Trustees, Executors, and Agency v Co-operative Ice Co. Aust Mortgage and Agency 5 Castlemaine Brewery li'Molbourno Browning I and Malting Melbourne Tramway and Omnibus 2 Mutual Store 3 Terry's West and Brewery 1 Equitable Co-operative Society RAILWAY a. " 4 Deniliquin A; Moama * Including bonus. REVIEW OF THE. STOCK AND SHARE MARKET. Although the market for most mining; shares during the past fortnight has remained In the dull state noted for some time past, a lively business has been done in a few companies, and con preferable fluctuations in value have been experienced. The most prominent have been -roKcn-hills Proprietary Silver, which have been in great favour, and sold. largely at fluctuating, but on the Av bole rising, prices, and close at an advance of £21 on last fortnight's quotation. The mine continues to open up well; the fortnight's yield is 300oz. silv or from 118- tons ore, the produce of two smelters only', and a fourth dividend of £1 per 161 cattle share has been declared!. Two more smelters are ready, but cannot be worked till arrival of an additional boiler, which was to leave Adelaide to-day. Ate active demand for Lone; Tunnel, on news of gold-bearing stone soldier got in the southern part of the mine, led to a rapid rise he the market value, culminating in andesite and CO per share ; this rise has, however, not been maintained, the closing quotation being only £0 over the closing price last fortnight Considerable fluctuations have also taken place in Hepburn Estate, vehicle after receding 20s. per share, have recovered all. of the fall. Other clearances have been of only moderate extent; Majorca companies, Long Tunnel -Mended, and North Long Tunnel closing at higher, seen Mielas, Shaw's, and Now Longfellow's at home or prices. Band and Albion Consols and Star of the last, after some fluctuations, close about previous rate-. Kingston and bauelleurst companies little dealt lee, and the three of prices in favour! the buyer. North Brothers'' Home Tin have risen a little from the deep low price last quoted, and several of the progressive silver companies have a rather better market The market for investment stocks are seems quiet, and traeeteactloees generally of limited extent Melbourne Tramway and Omnibus have, however, been a marked exception; shares he evielg been pressed on the market at falling prices, till a reduction of 3s. (3d on previous closing price was reached 'There were in better favour the last two lines, and recovered 2s. of the fall, but close even. Metropolitan Gas still continue prime favourites eeitheueestors, seed shares have realised a further nice piece of is. Very little change in quota trees eel banks, insurance, brewing, or other public eotineauies, the limited demand being in most cases readily seen by holders at about previous prices ; but Trustees, Executors, and Aerenoj'close rather higher, life following are the buying and selling quota threes. and prices of sales effected : Debentures -Victorian Government six per cents (due ready, seller 6107. Victorian Government five percent due 1894), seller £105. Victorian Govern-, incut four per cent. (stock), seller £100. New South wales Five per cents., beejer close 10s. New Zealand four per cents., seller £00. bailies Australian Deposit and Mortgage (£26 raid), seller islands do. (5 do. ), buyer £0 £5. 6d., seller £0 7s. 6d. Australian Freehold Banking corporation (£2 10s. shares), buyer 6s, sober 63s. Ballarat, buyer £7 10s. City of Melbourne, sales Ms (fell. to Stelle!.Colonial,bu) er £1010s.,sol!or irons. -omencrcial. sales 10s to £7 los. to£716s. Federal, Sales 53s. 3d. to 65s. to 69s. Land Credit, buyer 30s., seller do, so. Land Mortgage, buyer -Otc, seller Stn. Mercantile, sales 40s. 6d. to 41s. National, Melbourne register, sales £8 17s. to £8 10s. to £8 17s. National, Adelaide) register, buyer £8 14s., seller 2s IDS. -National, Queensland, sales £8 108. New South Wales, buyer £51 10s. New Zealand, seller £18 6s. Royal Bank of Queensland, buyer 76s., seller 74s. Uleiun, sales £01. Victoria, buy or £31 15s. Oats Brighton, seller Sees. Footscray, buyer 35s., after 11s. Metropolitan, sales £12 Ha. to £12 Ills, witliamstoee n, seller 44s. Insurant..-Australian Alliance, buyer 33s, seller DOG. Colonial Mutual Fire (ex. div.), sales 3s. 4d. to 3s. (9d. National Fire, Bales 12s. 6d. United Australian, seller 2s. 7d. Brceecnes, Ac Brewing and Malting (Melbourne), sales 74s. Cascade (Hobart), buyer 14s. Castlemaine (Melbourne), sales 30s. 6d. Llndieav's, seller of. I'erlllus's (Queensland), sales 32s. 6d. to 33s. Perkins" (Queensland) need, buyer 22s sales 21s Tankard Malting, seller 10s. Jil. Westerner (Melbourne), buyers. bet. Trustees and Executors' Companies.-rerpetu-vl educators and Trustees, better 21s . seller -is, del. Trustees, -receivers, and Agency, Sales 54s. to 56s. 21\. Union Trustees, seller 19s. Miscellaneous.- Australasian Mortgage and Agency, seller lbs Australian Property and Investment, seller 10s Ulleo Tav crus, sales 27s. (6d. to 27s. till. Colonial Investment and! Agency (K paid;, sales -On. (6d.; Jo (nee, O. paid) seller 10s. i)eiilUi|u1n and Moama Railway, seller 37s. DnUetv and Co, sales £6 (Is. 1-rccleolel Investment and Banking sales 65s. tools. I clear Coffee Palace, seller 5s. 6d. Grand Coffee Palace, Inner 2ds. (let., seller 27s. bl. Langlands' Melbourne Storage, buyer Foundry, seller' 20s. his., seller 27s 3d Mercantile, Finance, and Guarantee, tar or 33s 6d, seller 36s. ed , sales 33s to 34s 6d Modern Permanent Building Society, seller £0 2s. Mont de Plete, sales 8s. to 7s. 6d Mutual Store, sales 50s. 6d to 64s Newcastle Coal, seller £17 10s, New Northcote Brick, sales in. New Zealand Loan and Mercantile, SBlUr 30s Northcote Brick, sales 17s. Permewan, Wright and Co , buyer 11s 6d , sailor 18s 6d Pee River Building, bid) of 55 3s., seller £6 7s 6d R. Goldsbrough and Co , sales 20s. to 'Mr. Gd Squatting Investment, seller 15s Theatre Royal, buyer sale 10s, seller £20 Tramway and omnibus, sales 30s to 32s. to 34s. 6d to dashed Victoria Coffee Palace, sales 24s. 6d 1 Victoria Permanent Building Society, buyer £0 last sale £8 10. Wall send Coal, buyer Less loss , seller £41 W nu M'Culloch and Co, seller 4s, sales 3s 6d Silver and Tin Mines Broken hills, sales £51 to £75 10s. to £58 15s to £71 Ida. Broken Hill South (paid) sales 6s 6d to 10s 3d to Us Broken hill Junction, wales Is toss and Day Da in sales 3s 9d to 5s 9d Lubra, sales with Mount Bischoff, takes £59 10s. to £60 Mount Cameron (paid), seller Ja 6d North I Father's' Home sales tax. to 4s 7d North Broken Hills sales In life -is to Is 6d to 5s 6d to 4s 6d Pinnacles Tribute bill) er Is 6d , seller of Bound hills, sales 77s. 6d to 10s to 62 Gold Mines - Ballarat, Castlemaine Stawell, So - Australasian KUcndod sales 10s 6d to his Hand and Albion Consols, sales 75s to 77s. to 75s Berry Consols, sales AS his. Berry No I, seller its. Black Jack buyer 33s Butler and Black Jack, Boiler Di Chalk's buyer oOs , seller 54s , sales 48s (Ki to47s0d tossed Bulk No 1, bl.) er lbs 3d seller 18s 6d, sales 11s. 6d Chalks 1.1 Ute seller 8s Cornish, Da) lesson! seller Is Cumberland block, sales 14s ed Cumberland No 2 North seller 10s Day Dawn No 4A, sales 10s to 13s to 14s to 15s 6d Derby United, sales 8s. to 9s 6d. Earl Beaconsfield, sales 52s 6d to 57s Hepburn Estate, buyer is., seller £89 , sales 57s 6d to 21s. to 27s. to 27s to 36s. Hepburn Rocky Lead, Buyer Us (k1 Jersey, buyer 3s 9d Kong Men-,', sales 66 to £4 7s. 6d to 64 10s Lubra (CT) sales 59 to 62 0-1 Long; Tunnel sales 138 10s to 170 to £60 Long' Tunnel Extended, sales 38 7s. to £6 to £8 15s to £9 2s. 6d Long Tunnel United, seller Is (the Lord Barr), sales 5s 9d to try to 52s. Madame Ben-), sales £14 to £13 15s Midas sales 64s 6d to 60s. Midas No 2, sales 2s 3d to 2s. 7d Napier, but cr synod sales OOs to 38s ed NcwBcehiic, Bales Mrs tools 3d New Kong I floor sales 2s 6d to J«.0d New Longfellow', sales 3s 6d to 7s 6d New Toombon, sales 4s to 7s 6d No 4 South Queen's buyer is, seller 2s North Cornish, buyer 10s 6d North Long Tunnel buy or 9s sales 8s. to 8s. 6d O'Connor's I n hold sales Is (it to 2s. 10d Queen's Birthday), Dunolly, beef 22s. 6d Queen's Birthday, Dunolly (new ISSUE) seller 16s. Queen's Birthday, Malmsbury), buyer 15s., seller 17s. South (farms sales 13s. South German sales 11s. 3d to 10s 6d. During hill Central, buyer 8s South Mar, sales 5s to 4s 9d Star of the East, sales 5 Is 6d to 40s. 6d to DI to 47s 6d to 48s. Shaw's reef sales 12s 9d to 10s 6d Toombon sales to 16 tests to £6 Victor, Charters Towers sales as 11d. stores. 9d to 19s. West Loughlin, buyer 10s., seller 11s. West Madame Berry, buyer 5s. 9d , Buller 7s Yea, hill) or 7s. in , sent r 8s 6d Sandhurst Collmann and Tacchi, sales 5s 6d to 7s. 9d to 5s. Duke of Edinburgh, but cr 4s, seller 5s. Duchess Tribute, buyer 2s , seller 2s. 3d Dixon's Tribute, seller 2s 6d Euoudcd South Devonshire seller 6s Garibaldi, buyer 8s. Great Extended Hustlers, seller 17s. 6d Great Extended Hustlers Tribute, seller bs. 6d Hopewell, buyer 4s, seller 4s 3d Lazarus, buyer 17s 6d , seller 18s. Lazarus No. 1, buyer 13s 9d , seller 13s. 6d New Argus, sales 7s 7d Newchum Ballan), seller 13s. 9d Now St. Mungo buyer 11s, seller 12s 6d North Johnsons, buyer 12s 6d North Old Chum, b) or 10s 6d , seller his Old Chum, bu) er 28sec , seller 30s. 1 carl buyer 0s. sales 22s Rose of Denmark, seller 18s 6d Sadowa, sales 8s 6d to 0s Shamrock, sales 7s. Shenandoah sales 10s. 6d St Mungo, seller 8s Victoria Quartz, seller 45s SALES OF PROPERTY. Messrs Gemmell, Tuckett, and Co report the recent cases of the following properties by public auction and private contract -Carlton Drummond street, land having a frontage of lGtt b) an Irregular depth, with the buildings erected thereon, £1 050 , Canning street, land, 60ft by a depth of 150ft along Pigdon street, back to a right of otway rear left wide, £3,050. Richmond Bendigo street, land having a frontage of 33ft by a depth of 132ft through to Little Bendigo street, £5 24 6d per foot, £160 2s 6d , Swan street, land having a frontage of 18ft by a depth of 60ft. through the right of way, £10 per foot, £180 , Bendigo street, land, salt by a depth of lJL'lt, through to Little Bendigo street, £6 15s per foot, £181 10s , Bendigo street, land, 49ft 6in by a depth of 132ft through to Little Bendigo street, £5 8s, 6d per foot, £250 3s 3d , Swan street, land 18ft. by a depth of 60ft through to a right of way, £10 10s per foot, £483, Swan street, and having frontage of Suit by a depth of sOIL through to a right of way, 4500, Bendigo street, land having a frontage of safe by a depth of 132 through to Little Bendigo street, £214 10s, land having a frontage of left Our to Bendigo street, by a depth of 12ft through to Little Beiialcostreet £1,009 Ills 6d North Fitzroy Park parade, land having a frontage of 44ft to Park parade by a depth of Daft, £132. Elsternwick- six allotments in the Mcrvauuco Estate, having frontage to George and Ebden streets, at £8110 Caullicld-1'rontlco street, land having frontage of 60ft by) a di nth 1 unit, £60 Malvern Salisbury Estate 2 allotments, each OOIt, at £313 10s ioutscri)-tlulng third share in 100 acres, part of the "-toil) Creek farm, £1,000 Malvern Salisbury) Estate 2 allotments each GOt, at £207 Melbourne-Latrobe street, land having a frontage of 66ft. by a depth of lUSft, £2,500 Albert-park - Queen s terrace land having a frontage of 99ft by a depth of 24ft back to a roadway, together with brick villa erected thereon 4.3760, Sherwood, Allotment 21& and 21c, containing 89a, 2r -2p at £171 10s 6d , Allotment, 201-, containing 18s Or 16p at £10 Hlzrn) - Bell Street, and having frontage of 15ft, by a depth of 1 OOIt. back to a lOIt roadway together with brick factory erected thereon £1 425 , Bell street land having a frontage of 49ft in by a depth of four back to a right way, with M B cottage erected thereon at £174 7s 6d , Bell street land having a frontage of 23ft 6in by a depth of feet along John street, with brick shop and baker) erected thereon, £780, land having a frontage of 69ft 6in along a roadway 30ft wide by a depth of suit Jin along Cremorne-street back to a right of way) upon which are erected four brick cottages, £81 Melbourne Cargo city) property at £10,10 Clifton hills) or street, land 33ft by a depth of 12.111 back to a right of way, 116 Parish of Scone-,!')- Allotment 60, containing 100, 2r 12p £181 Of Gil Baldwin, He, is On , £2 701 13s 6d Parish of Granton 318a. Sr Sir at£2713s Newport-Macaulo) stroct,land201lt by 165ft, £210 IDs Mount Macedon 945 Or lip , £J7G H (kt Prahran Chapel street, land, having a frontage of 67ft, by a depth of 150ft along Hanover street back to a right way 20ft wide, together with two story) buildings created thereon, £2,010, Chapel street land, having a frontage of 64ft, by a depth of 100ft to a r¡L.lit-of was) 20ft wide, together with the 1 Place Albert Hotel erected thereon if SOO, Chapel street land, lies in a frontage of 64ft, by a depth of 100ft to a '20ft right-of-way with two brick shops erected thereon, £8 763 St Kilda Inkerman road, land, having a frontage of 50ft by a depth of 23ft, at £10 per foot, £600 Elsternwick Allot ments adjoining the railway station at prices ranging from £3 to 35s. per foot, £4 088 10s or , Brighton road, land having a frontage of 52ft, at 16 10s per foot, 336, Pigdon-street, land, having a frontage of 66ft, by a depth of 72ft, at £4 10s per foot £207 7s 6d Canillóla-Land, having a frontage of 66ft to Kooyong-road by lbOIt, and land, having a frontage of 50ft to Raphael-street by a depth of 60ft, £200 Toorak-Orrong road, land having a frontage of 148ft, by a depth of SOS 69ft, at £1,000 hen market-Land, containing 97a lr 5p, at £1,000 per acre, £10,2 6s r Flemington- Mount Alexander road land having a frontage of 69ft yin at £7 15s per foot, jelly 7s (6d I ootscra)- Whitehall street, land having a frontage of 'Hit by a depth of 300ft at £1 per foot, 2 6 W odou^a-Land, containing 22. 2r On., at £60 land, containing In It 33p at £60, land containing 6 acres at 37 Newport Kororoit Creek road and, built by a depth of 200ft, at 3 8s. 4d , land, having a frontage of gSft gin by -a depth of 12ft along Darby) shire street, UM 10s 101 Richmond Campbell parade and corner of West bank terrace, land, having a frontage of 57ft 6in by a depth of 0 itt 31he, together with the hotel known as the Bridge Hotel and shop adjoining at £4 400 Easter thickness street, land lies in a frontage of 65ft by a depth of 60ft at £2 per foot, £190 total amount of sales £80 ora 4s 6d Messrs G D Langridge and Son, auctioneers, report the following sales for the month -Essendon park No 1, £230 4s Essendon park No 2 £4 123 2s , allotments at North road, Caulfield £701 Two allotments Caulfield £132 1-ityroi-Napitr street, land £2117 Newmarket- Railway) place, allotments, £1,503 0s Rd Ascot are Doutta Galla Estate, land, £110 Newmarket arranging street land, after, Bryant street, land, £118. Clifton hill-Spen»le). street, land £.. 0 Collingwood-church street, £204 Cambridge street cottage and land, 148 Total, £14,407 Ga Od SHIPPING FOR THE! FORTNIGHT. PORT OF MELBOURNE ARRIVAL ANDCIKAIIANCFS SINCE OUR LAST SUMMARY [A, American , An Austrian B, British B A British American Bell. , Belgian , Bo , Bolivian , Br, Brazilian Ch Chilian D, Dutch, Da, Danish F , ü reach O , Darnum I Italian , N , Norwegian, P', Portuguese Pr, Peruvian, R, Russian S , 250 calls up , Spanish , eli, ship, bq , barium , bg , brig , sell schooner, is a,, steamer ] ARRIVED Nov. 17 Melanesia, B bq , 1,221, F M Woodhouse Glasgow John Blyth and Co 17 Medora, S bq , 770, I S Nordfeldt, St Thomas River, Gulf of St Lawrence Dalgety and Co 17\. Tons, N bq , 637, a 1 near Tacoma, Puget bound National Mortgage Company of New Zealand 17 Airlie 11 s s, 2 337 Winthrop Ellis, Hong Kong, rate Gibbs, Blight and Co 13 Atlantic S bq OTO, F A Soderstrom, Port Townsend, Puget Sound - Master's Nordciiskjo d, S bq, COL, A. Bontcnberg, Tacoma National Montagu Agency Company) v others 22\. Cloncurry, B BS,2 600, R W Lawson, Calcutta. -Huddart, Parker and Co 2 Melbourne, B »li 1 857, alias. F Cooke, London -II while and Co 2\. furlong II by, 701 J Gibbons, London - Petsch, Dahlsen., and Co 25 Jennie Harkness, A bq, 1,305, K T Ainsbury, Boston Newell and Co 2y Arracan to be, OF, II F Hedberg, Quebec I Direct) and J 0 Limited 25 City of Madrid B Ch 1,101, John Swan, London -0 A Madden and Co 25 liar) L Stone, A eh , 1,420 G b Josselyn, New York -Lorimer, Home and Co 20 Ilanulb R H ali, 1 201 U Skrimshire London -The Australasian Shipping and Carrying Com Pk") 21\. balls G »h, 1,3 F Rowohl, Frederickstad T W Irish and Co 25 Wilhelm N bq 035, A Haag, Sumhuvall -Jno Marshall and Co 25 thigh, N bq , 600, II Zapf, Moody ville, Burrard Inlet-J B Ellerker 25 Aurora, S bq 699, B G Sutherland, Wood). ville, Burnard Inlet-J B Ellerker 26 Del nine, 1 sch, 140, T a Hobson, Malden Island -Grice Sumner, and Co 20 Hapsburg G s s., 8 ISO U Engelhart, Bremen, A... - Ostcriiio) er Dewez, and Co 20 Ozone, B as, 571, John McLean, Glasgow - John Marshall and Co 20 Netherby B »h 1 400, T H Chellew, Liverpool Jas Bert Leo and Co 20 Derry Castle, B bq , 1,317, Jas. Gate, London - Jas Service and Co 20\. GallisliOroui.il, B sll, 074, A McPhail, New York -H S Chapman 20 Sir Henry Law Fence, B Bh, 1,220, T. Sinclair, Calcutta -J Darling and Son 20 Cnpsilkld, B bq, late H Chichester, Port Louis, Mauritius Charles Jacobs and Sons 20 Allumant, G bq, SMS T Ficlaild, Hamburg -Petsch, Boebung, and Co 27 Lusitania .! M S S , S2J,J F Ruthven, U.N U , London Gibbs. Bright, and Co 27 Narra t at., 4 30', A Poydenot, Marseilles Dalgety and Co Limited 37 Tannadice, is so., 2,183, Hugh Craig, Hong; Kong, are - Gibbs, Bright, and Co 23 Sayers, S bq, A 1 Shuneun, Skilleftea. George Arnold NoV CEASE our 2, 17 Polyana Q sh 2,068 V B DledrlohMn, Chit tuerong Rilmcke. 17 Sussex 11. ss., 1020 J P CCalloeihan, London -W Siddeley and Co 18 Louis IX F bq , 405, D Labour, Mauritius do Beer and Co 18\. Tasmania R. AI S S , 2,049 C G Perrins London, rose Withers. "0. Vanna, S bq 111, L Grabbing- Pasoeroean Java-S de Meer and Co 23 Bonanza A sh 1 203 G W Leach Port Town send John Marshall and Co SA Onout S bq 107 Johan Ahlgren, Humboldt Bay is de Beer and Co 2) GerdHcjc G bei, odd, H. Warner, Corinda A Wilms "0 Northern B s.s 1 off W Richardson, London via Antwerp John Sanderson as 1 Co "0. Cuzco R M S S 3 WS The late London, to. \--ibbs Blight and Co. 27 Duke of Devon shire to. see. 2 624 D C Long: London an 1 Antwerp -Dalgety and Co PORT Of GlfcLONC. 24 Cardigan Castle B BB 1,200 D Jones, London White Alford under SHIPS CLEARED OUT' WITH COLONIAL PRODUCE. Nov. 17 Sussex for Londons 071 bls wool!, 2 cs hardware and original cargo from Sydney Nov 18 Tasmania for London via Colombo -4 001 bls wool 200 bls leather 830 his By his, 670 Black tin u qr csks wine 40 bls hops 50 bags flour 17 pkgs crockery 2 pkgs oilmen's stores, 110 bags chaff, '6 bags oats, as pkgs merchandise 4 bxs bar gold and 5 bls sovtrohjiis(value £2 1912 14s. 7d ) Nov 20 Nanua, for Posocroeau Java -300 tons coal Nov 20 Northern for London via Antwerp -1,770 bls wool for London 4 035 bls wool for Antwerp and 281 his 1 cs wool and 2 cs tree lows, original cargo from Geelong for London Cuzco for London 20 is essential oils 5 bls salted skins JejOO carcases frozen mutton 1 box so reigns (value 4,1 000) 2 292 bls wool, 31 his leather 30 bls skins 7. pkgs merchandise and effects, and original cargo from Sydney for London Nov 27 Duke of Devonshire for London - 1 200 ingts sp Ker 3 bls skins 97 bia wool For Antwerp 5 827 bia greasy wool, 2 pkgs sundries, and 2 319 bls wool and 1 bl angora hair, original cargo from Ger done, for London PORT OF GEELONG NOV 24 Cardigan Castle, for London -0,303 bls wool, 47 his flocks PASSENGERS BY AND SINCE THE DE FAILURE OF THE LAST MAIL Nov 18 Tasmania It M S S for London to Saloon For Bombay)- Mrs Chalk child, and ieefant,Mr T Irving, Mr K Monk Mrs. Charsley, and Mr J Thorley For Yokohama Mr J W Hawes For Penong-Mr W W Hall for Vtnlco-Dr L. W Butcher for London Mr and Mrs Wilson Bell Mrs Griffin and maid Mrs Sims Mr and Mrs A H Brinton, Mrs. lev Misses Miller and Woods house Messrs. J Barr, Macpherson J Latham and W Elder Nov 20 Cuzco for London are. Saloon Mr C F Whiteside Miss Lewis, Miss Burbury, Captain Bennett, Mrs. Adams Mrs Bennett, Mr and Mrs Itooel u Coffey 3 Salmon P Bleasby Miss Bleasby, is a coloR Montgomery and 2- second and 61 third class. PASSENGERS BOOKED AT MELBOURNE PLK VALETTA, LEAVING DMS For London Misses Travers (two) Mr and Mrs. Ivcach infant and nurse Mrs Osborne and child, Mr Dennis Dr Usher, Mr and Mrs. Broomfield, Mr hatherwell, Mr Nisbett Mr D J Gilchrist, Miss Greaves, Mr and Mrs Bones and infant Mr A S Brunton, Mr and Mrs. Bakewell for Shanghai Miss Robinson For Bombay Mr E. D Buckle. LIVLS-OCKREPORr There have passed through the market-yards at Flemington during the fortnight ending 24th ult. about 3,000 lot cattle, SlOfatcalves 53 500 fat sheep, and 10 800 fat lambs Fat Cuttle -On the 17th ult., the supply being moderate, the demand was active throughout and the prices realised were fully 10s. per head in advance of those ruling the previous week but the following market day the number yarded was beyond requirements which, together with the seat of the weather caused sales to rule dull throughout and prices gave way to the extent of 20 per head the reduction being greater in some instances when heavy weights were offered Prime pens bullocks sold at from £11 10s. to £18 10s extra weights to £17 good do from £0 10s to 16 10s. and Hing do from 7 10s to £11 Inferior from £0 Prime pens of cows from £8 10s to do 10s coo I do from 17 to 18 middling and in terror from 4 Fat Calves On the 17th ult sales were dull but no alteration in prices could be quoted Lost week however thOBupplywas large biddings were without animation and prices ruled much lower throughout. Best sold at from 69s to 75s a four extra to 22s 6d , good from 40s to fOs , middling from 25s to 9s inferior from It's Fat Sheep The market was heavily supplied the bulk of which was second quality sheep best sorts realised llj.urcsslit.htlj under last quotations but mid Gillie and inferior descriptions were very dull of sale at low figures Prime crossbred wethers sold at from 11s to 13s. according to weight good do from 9s Oct to 10s. 6d , middling and inferior from 6s 6d prime merino wethers from 9s -el tells, according to wo ght good do from 7s (6d to 9s middling to inferior do from 6s 6d 1 at La elba. the such lynas heavy and consisted chiefly of second and middling qualities, bales were dull and prices r ceded fully 10s per head from last quotations are different sorts being very difficult to quit t prime sold at from 7s 6d to On a few extra to 10s. good from 6s. to 7s , middling and Interior from 35 to 68 