[?] 'Short, Sharp, Shiny.' More sifver. Retrenchment. Strikes ended. Stead released. Gold in the interior. Bradlaugh victorious. Echnncra to be tested. Bush fires in Victoria. Wool sales encouraging. Coffee Palace going ahead. Two promising lads drowsed. Retrenchment ib still going on. Cholera proclamation revoked. The Pollysyllabic has returned. Two sad deaths on the Murray. Lieutenant Shepherd dismissed. Queensland sugar is condemned. The last of the Lord-Lieutenants. A good ' kit' supplied to Logic Three ladies drowned at Belfast. A new Government department. Silver discovered near Napperby. Hergott is to have a Local Court. Russia wants to put on the screw. Arbitration to fix up the difficulty. U.S. man-of-war ordered to Samoa. A house at Laura has tumbled down. . -.. Wesleyan conference opens to-night. A ' bottomless pit' in the sooth-east. * . Four new cadets for the Civil Service. Thebaw's gems are coveted from afar. There is a ' row ' on at New Guinea. Water and chalk is being sold as milk. ? . Fires in different parts of the colonies. Logic is going home well provided for. Government going to prospect for geldr Allow cool water to run on your wrists. The C.C.L. intends to interview bunny. Now we shall see what irrigation will do. Millar Brothers say they cannot get-men. : Where are the unemployed coming from ? Fishing— Catching fish by hook and lyin'. Gold and silver may yet be our salvation. Prince Nitita has gone to Constantinople. Wattle Plantation Company going on well. Bradlaugh proposes a sweeping land reform. Splendid country discovered in New Guinea, - Morgan will get water as cheap as Adelaide. That was not the best stone in the New Era. A fire at the Victoria Tannery, Hindmarsiu Silver ore has been discovered at Callington. Is that some practical joke of a Bremptonite 1 Wharf laborers returned to work yesterday. Captain Killicoat, deceased, a colonist of '49. The most disagreeable summer for years past. The Armstrong family are benuf looked after. Australian riflemen to go to Wimbledon this year. A nice state of affairs in the Brisbane watch house. Some splendid discoveries of gold in Queens land. A human skeleton discovered near Bala felava. Melbourne regrets the loss of Dr. Moor house. Jubilee Exhibition to be opened on Jane 20, 1887. Captain Hughes believes there is gold about Clare. Enthusiastic reception accorded to Mr. Stead. Port Pirie doesn't think much of the Marine Board. Minlaton will keep its Local Court if it costs nothing. _ Victoria is more than TnainfaimTig her yield of gold. What will be the next move by the Pull Matt Gazette? King Billy thinks European peace is not in danger. There is a ladies' cricket club at Mount Gambier. Dinnie gets to Sydney before he issues a challenge. Salvation Army in Sydney have had a legacy left them. Ladies' cricket clubs being formed in the south-east. The Loyal Irish Association does net want home role. Hon. G.W.C.'s homestead clause being availed of. Bulgarians and Servians don't care about disbanding. Kadina unemployed can get work at Hergott or Beetaloo. The police fished in Snell's tank and made a queer haul. The Bishop sympathises with the Crusader — practically. Reimers talked in English at the German celebration. Next Trades Union Congress likely to be held in Adelaide. A selector, burnt out by a scrub fire near Currarrtdka. The G.O.M. is backing down on the home rule question. Enlargements and improvements at the Coffee Palace. President Gre* vy has amnestied French politi cal prisoners. Loyal Irishmen say home rule means dis memberment. Now, then, unemployed ; navvies wanted at eight bob a day. One of the Collingwood ruffians has turned Queen's evidence. Rumored that Germany has seized Samoa. Puns prohibited. Reimers spent £5,000 or £6,000 in investigat iugspiritaali&m.; The traffic superintendent at Beachporfc has been suspended. Snell, the Moonta 'annexer,' got two months' hard labor. New Era clearing up on Saturday gave 132 oz. of retorted gold. A strange predicament for that man in the hundred of Caroline. The Grafton mystery solved. Buchanan turned up in Sydney. The Northern Territory mail tenders will be paid at Port Darwin. Applications for work are still being received at the labor bureau. Why don't milkmen invent some new idea? Chalk is played out. A mysterious disappearance of a young man with £200 at Grafton. We lost seventy-one by emigration over immigration last week. The argument of a dentist never amounts to much. It is tooth in. Farmers complain of Government interfering with the labor market. There has been plenty of irrigation this summer— at the pubs. Minlaton resents the abolition of the Local Court at that township. South Australia 'spoilt an epoch' — that's Ebby and Rowley's work. The Ministerial trip to the Northern Terri tory has been abandoned. The Yankees are going to have something to say with regard to Samoa. Two hundred thousand sleepers to be sent along for the Silverton line. Captain Strachan's exploration of New Guinea a complete success. The 'almond-eyed' are elbowing the Europeans in the Territory. Many a young man carries a cane who ought to have it over his shoulders. Mr. L. R. Scammell is elected a fellow of the Chemical Society oi London, Lord Salisbury has taken away Australia's most popular Anglican bishop. Sydney is afraid we shall get the Prince of Wales here to open the exhibition. No Ministerial trip to the Territory, but affairs there are to be investigated. j Berry is congratulated by the Liberals on bis appointment as Agent-General. * J. L. Dow will likely be the new Victorian Minister of Lands and Agriculture. The deputy - collector of Customs will probably be offered another position. The Minister of Education interviewed re prospecting for gold in the interior. Lord Harris says the Australian Eleven will receive a cordial welcome in England. Holding, who swindled the Rev. J. A. Dowie, admitted his guilt and was discharged ! Fischer says, don't judge old Bizzy until you know his reasons for exflrng the Poles. All the. rascals concerned in the Collingwood Bank robbery- have now been captured. Loco, operatives to be carried free on the railway while they are on reduced time. Lady Carrington is interesting herself in the welfare of female immigrants to Sydney. The G.O.M. will get into hot water over his proposal to ' cave in ' to the Parnellites. Sunday is a good day for tires— the firemen are not otherwise engaged, don't you see. The Commissioner of Crown Lands is in teresting himself thoroughly in irrigation. Clergymen and others go in for bicycle rid ing-, but an astronomer prefers an. asteroid. Patterson, Mirams, and the ^ large-footed colonel held aloof from the Liberal caucus. Which is heavier, a half or a full moon? The half, because the full moon is as light again. Professor Bragg has sailed for Adelaide to take Professor Lamb's place at the University. A subsidy wanted for a steamship service, between King George's Sound and Palmerstoa. Send along your copper to pay the x's of two riflemen to represent the colony at Wimbledoa* . The abduction of LQy Armstrong does not appear to have been a misfortune to me family. Adelaide Co-operative Society are going to establish a butter and cheese factory at Isling ton. Water and sewage rates to bepaid on the IS per cent, redaction made on last year's assess ment! German bankers and London jewellers have Eent an agent to bay np Thebaw's crown jewels. ' The Duke of Bedford will become a. Con servative if Gladstone yields to the Home KuIeis. . . An exhibition of quartz-crushing machinery suggested in connection with the ' Indian ana Colonial.' ' . The board says ' a grossly exaggerated view has been taken' of the Daly River : massacre. 83 When Bulwer said there is no such word as ! ** jail,' he expected the youth to make an assignment. The oath provides against mental reser vation, and Bradlangh was sworn. That's hypocritical. A poor director in the States has been poisoned. It is- supposed he ate a meal with the paupers. Suggested that the Government should carry seed wheat at low freights to the farmers in the upper areas. . . Some of the leading Liberals in Victoria appear to be disaffected— they are not getting any of the plums. Messrs. Duncan and Castine want a bore for the Owen district. Couldn't they get Emma's boa from the Zoo? ' This is the weigh I long have sought,' said the grocer, fixing up a pound that was good for only eleven ounces. The balance of loans for deepening opera tions and harbor improvements throughout the colony is £64,168. Every town in the colony which retrench ment affects will have a public meeting and inevitable memorial. Mr. Griffith does not believe in opening up new country for the benefit of Chinese and coolies. Hear, hear S Mr. Griffith regrets the absence of Messrs. Downer and Bray from the Federal Council ; and so say all of us. Dr. Ahearn is on a mission to London for the purpose of urging the separation of Northern Queensland. It has been decided by the board of enquiry that Corporal Montagu's statement was in correct and misleading. School boards are asked by the Government not to incur any expense on school buildings unless absolutely necessary. The Attorney -General and Chief Secretary have had a look to see who can be dispensed vith in the Lands Titles Office. 'Spiritualism' and the ' expulsion of the Poles from Germany' is the literature news paper readers are treated to now. Is there a rate imposed in England on all classes in order to pay the salaries of clergy men of the Episcopalian Church f The Northern Territory residents want a railway — if only ten miles long— but they don't want any more Mongolians. Dr. Randolph, a reformed medium, says, ' Every crime on the calendar is committed by mortals moved by viewless beings.' Dome's fire was caused by the sun's rays being concentrated by a window on highly in flammable matter — so say the jury. A Boston man tried to pawn his baby for a drink, but the barkeeper declined to accept any such addition to the fresh heir fund. Lord Carrington says there is plenty of work in N.S.W., but men must take what employ ment turns up, and go steadily ahead. The Czar travels -with fifteen trunks. But then the Czar is the only man in the world who can send a baggage-smasher to Siberia. The committee of the Licensed Victuallers' Association confirmed their recent decision to exclude the representative of their trade organ. George Washington has been arrested in Virginia for murder. Perhaps George cannot tell a lie, but he stoutly denies the charge all same. The Australian Eleven about to visit Eng land under the auspicie3 of the Melbourne Cricket Club will leave by the Austral in 3VTn.rfihf Gilded tennis racquets ace the latest for girls of the period. They are not much like these gilded rackets that the boys indulge in occa sionally. N.S.W. doesn't want^Albert Edward to come out until the celebration of the Australian centenary, when Sydney would have him all to herself. Pasteur's method of vaccination for cattle plague has proved successful in India for horses, cows, sheep, buffaloes, asses, and elephants. Florence, Mass., has a lady, tricyclist in the person of Miss Anna Strong. The natural in ference is that Anna Strong woman can ride a tricycle. Oh ! There are spots in Siberia which have never thawed out since the world was made. Most of the potatoes served in Adelaide restaurants were grown there. The fellow Beale arranged the Collingwood Bank robbery, but when the manager began to 'let fly' with his six-shooter the scoundrel fell on his knees in terror. From Berlin 'comes the intelligence of the death of Lieutenant-General Podewils, in ventor of the rifle that bears his name. The deceased was born in 1809. ' ???'-?? Proposed to erect a memorial to AdanP Lindsay Gordon at Mount Gambier. The old story. The poet shot himself because he was in indigent circumstances. It is affirmed that the entrance to the Fly River, New Guinea, is not so shallow as stated, as theie is a channel with three fathoms of water at low neap tide. Mr. Worsnop in the 'South Australian Municipal Calendar' gives directions how to act in cases of apoplexy. Is that for aldermen or some guests on Ministerial trips ? 'Why don't you challenge him, colonel?' ' Because duelling is - agin the law in this state,' replied the colonel, ' but if ever I get at good chance 111 assassinate him.' Mr. Thomas Swallow, of Cairns,' Queensland sugar planter, has applied for a patent fo. 'a new powder for refining or clarifying saccharine juices, syrups, or solutions.' Some scientific person has discovered that ' Gryptococcuszanthogeniacus' causes yellow fever. It will also produce lockjaw if you try to pronounce the word with undue haste. A western paper thinks that if cremation can be so arranged that the widow can ride at the head of a string of forty-four hacks all the poor people in the cities will at once favor the idea. George E. Kenyon has been fined £30, or three months' imprisonment, at Brisbane, for a breach of the Quarantine Act, for boarding the steamer Timor before a visit of the health officer. The Havre Town Council has voted the sum of l,OO0fr. to M. Pasteur, as a mark of grati tnde for Mb services, and as a contribution towards the expenses of his philanthropic in vestigations. Mr. W. G. Murray, the chairman of the Sydney Chamber of Commerce, has been elected to represent that chamber at the Con gress of Chambers of Commerce to be held in London in 1886. The editor of the Politiken (Copenhagen), who is a member of the Folkettdng, has been sentenced to six months' imprisonment for publishing insulting remarks concerning the King of Denmark. Just fancy ! Sydney wouldrather the Prince of Wales did not visit Australia at all than that_ he should come to open the Adelaide Exhibition and not to the centenary of: Sydney's settlement. A_ Pennsylvania man having heard that music would cure insanity played an accordion to a lunatic recently. In the interest of humanity we are glad to state that his case was the exception that proved the rule. A sentence of four years' imprisonment has been passed on the editor of the Sverigs Tidning, Stockholm, for publishing insulting accusations against the Prince and Princess of Wales and the Princess Royal of Sweden. Watch the pullets as they begin to lay. - If any one shows herself an excellent good per former her eggs are the ones to save for hatch ing. A flock of poultry can be bred up to standard this way as surely as a herd of cattle. The Bonmelian revolution has considerably raised the price of gold in Austria. The rise in cereals has_ been less marked, and it my be attributed in part to large purchases of corn made by Hungarian mills for English flour con tracts. On the farm of Illinois University, under the charge of professor Morrow, a field of strawberries was ploughed under in June, millet -was sown, and a crop of two and one half tons to the acre was harvested within sixty days. People in Paris are commenting with the greatest interest upon M, Kenan's new book, *1Le Pretre de Nemi.' It is considered to be a brilliant satire upon the present condition of France, and is marked by all M. Renan's accustomed qualities of style. The warden at Gympie, in his report for December on that goldfield, states that 10,000 ounces of gold was obtained from 11,000 tons of stone. The dividends were nearly £14,000, and the calls nearly £8,000. The yield was over 86,000 ounces for the year. Mr. A. F. Boyd, of Nundah, near Brisbane, has discovered coal on his property covering 1,400 acres, and he anticipates striking the seam at a depth of 100 feet. Another valuable dis covery of coal has also been made at Broad water, six miles from Brisbane. Over half a dozen of the ex-Confederate generals who went into the war bachelors have remained single ever ranee, among them General Curtis Lee, the handsome and popular son of the Confederate fchieftain, and General Jnbal Early, who is nowjTO odd. ?'Uncle Tom's Cabin* has been translated into the Armenian, Bohetnian, Danish, Dutch, Finnish, Flemish, Frenteh, German, Hun garian, Italian, Ulyrian, Polish, Portuguese, Romanic, Bnssian, Servian, Spanish, Swedish, Wallachian, and Welsh languages. When Eoscoe Gonkling left college the presi dent of the institution, it is said, thus addressed him : — ' Your fellow students think highly of yon, the tutors and professors think highly of you, I think highly of yonjbutno one thinks more highly of yon Chan you do yourself.' The latest application of centrifugal force in dairy practice is a machine for separating water from butter. The latter is taken while in granular form from the churn and placed in a muslin bag within a swiftly revolving vessel, ' and the water is flung out, leaving the butter 1 Thus flie Bobart Mercury.-'- «« Matters in 4\. connection with the Federal Council seem to be getting more and more complicated as the kJTh 'vt^f Jj™1'8 nea»V «-& tbere cannot be a doubt tiiat the members who do assemble nerewiUhaveadehcateanddifficulttask before -Si?8 !f-a ?tSo*ai»*Bobert Browning, not * withstanding baJ3 years, is again faJM§ of a visit to the United States. He is reported to be very anxious to see Boston, Harvard College, Niagara, and the Yosemite, and may sail after he has finished a new poem on which he is now engaged. The internal heat of the earth is being in vestigated by the German Government. A shaft sunk at Schladebach has penetrated about 4,566 feet underground, believed to be the greatest depth yet reached by boring. At this point the earth's temperature is 120° Fahrenheit. Cardinal Panebianca has just died at Rome at the age of 77. He was not a society cardinal, as he lived a hard life, slept on the boards, bis board being also simple bread and water, with a morsel of cheese now and then by way of a luxury. He despised riches, and has died rich. Lyell estimated that the gorge of Niagara river was cut in about 35,000 years, but surveys to determine the present rate of reces sion of the falls indicate that the work may have been done in 10,000 years. During forty one years the average nnnnal wear of the rock was 2| feet. The^ operation of transplanting has lost all its terrors since some one told us to water our plants well the day before we uprooted them. This enables them to withstand the shock with impunity, and now we can move plants at all times and all seasons with scarcely a failure worth noting. 'Why do you wear such cheap things, Lazarus ?' asked Dives. ' There's no economy in it. My shoes last longer than yours.' 'You are right,' said Lazarus; 'they last wider, too.' And be gazed at his own delicate feet in a way that made Dives' bunions ache for a whole week. The Great Eastern has at last been sold. Recently the liquidator applied to the English Court of Bankruptcy for permission to accept a private bid of £20,500. The court refused, and the result of the judge's foresight is that the vessel realised £26,200 at public auction at Lloyd's. Blowitz, the London Times correspondent at Paris, is a German Jew. Hia patronymic was Opfer, but being born at Blowitz, Austria, he adopted . that name. He is a naturalised Frenchman. Laurence Oliphant is said to have discovered him when acting as Times correspondent in Paris. . . Chaining on Books — ' God be thanked for books. They are the voices of the distant and the dead, and make us heirs of the spiritual life of past ages. Books are the true levellers. They give to all who will faithfully use them the society, the spiritual presence of the best and greatest of our race.' John Lubbock says that ants of the same nest, however large it may be, have a means of recognising each other not easily explained. The recognition is immediate and complete, even after an absence of a year from the nest. Concerning the longevity of ants, he said he had kept two queen ants for twelve years. An inventor of New York has recently patented a telegraph instrument by which messages are transmitted in facsimile almost as fast as they can be sent by a good operator in the ordinary way. The message is written upon thin tinfoil, with ink which forms a complete insulation wherever it makes a mark. In a memoir by Sir J. B. Lawes it is main tained that while the atmosphere is the main, if not the exclusive source of carbon for crops, the soil is the principal, if not the only source of their nitrogen. The anther is of opinion that arable soil loBes as much nitrogen in the form of drainage as it receives from the atmo sphere. The Boston papers are commenting on the fact that a boy who sold some of his father's furniture in the absence of bis parents received exactly the same sentence as a man who nearly killed bis wife. The judge who im posed the sentence evidently believes it is easier to get a new wife than it is to get new furniture. . ^^ Mr. Gladstone tells this story. While in Scotland recently an election agent 'became intimate with a farmer.' When the farmer was asked for his vote he became quite indignant and cried angrily, 'Gie ye ma vote? It's not likely. I had far too much deeficulty in gettin 't mysel' to gie it awa' to anybody.' Dr. Oscar Lewz, in a letter to the Geo graphical Society of Vienna, cautions the Europeans against investing capital in setting up factories in the Congo State. He says that there are too many factories there already, and that excessive competition is making it very difficult for these establishments to work at a profit. ? Sir James Fitzjames Stephen, judge of the Queen's Bench Division of the Huh Court of Justice, has writen several powerful letters io the Times in opposition to the project of grant ing a Parliament to Ireland. He contends that to make Ireland virtually independent would result in the ultimate disruption of 33ngland's colonial empire. Senator Stanford, who represents California in the United States Congress, and who re cently gave an estate valued at £1,000,000 to found a university in memory of his deceased son, has announced his intention of giving three times that amount in money in order to attract to the new institution 'the most brilliant professors in the world.' Game chickens are good for other purposes than fighting. Their proud carriage and sym metry of form are beautiful to see. Their eggs are of the finest flavor and so is their flesh. They have more bodily stamina, as well as more courage, than the grosser breeds, and a cross upon some of the big-bodied Brahmas, &c;, adds constitutional vigor to the chinirg. It is well to remember, says Professor San born, that salt has important physiological functions to perform, and must be given to stock. According to French trials, two ounces per day for a cow should be given, but ad libi tum is safe, providing it is constantly before the jmiirm.1. Cows particularly need its proper supply if the best butter results are to ioilow. The Daily News announces the death of Mr. G. M. Crawford, its Paris correspondent. Mr. Crawford has represented that journal in Paris for thirty-five years, and passed safely through more than one great political or social upheaval. Seven weeks ago he was stung by a wasp on the carotid artery. On the 23rd there were symptoms of blood poisoning, and he died during the night. The utility of tears to animals in general, and particularly to those which are exposed, much to the dust, such as birds which live amid the wind, is easy to understand. The eye would soon be dirtied and blocked up had not nature provided this friendly ever flowing stream to wash and refresh it. A very little fluid is necessary to keep the eye always clear and clean. There has been much talk in Berlin society lately of a projected alliance between Princess Victoria, born in 1865, second daughter of the Crown Prince, and Prince William of Wur temburg, who is heir to the throne of that country. The prince, who was born in 1845, is a widower, with one daughter ; his first wife, who died in 1882, having been an elder sister of the Duchess of Albany. A new scheme to swindle farmers has been worked in some of the southern counties of Michigan. A man comes round buying straw stacks for paper mills. He gives his note for the sum, and asks for a receipt to send to the mills to show what he has bought. It is only the old dodge to get the farmer's signature to a paper which afterwards turns up a promissory note at the bank, left for collection. In the middle ages there were two chances of life at the last moment accorded to a male factor condemned to death besides a free pardon from the Sovereign. One of these was the accidental meeting of a cardinal with the procession to execution ; the other was the offer of a maiden to marry the condemned man, or, in the case of a woman sentenced to death, the offer of a man to make her his wife. The Medical and Surgical Reporter of Philadelphia says : — ' The cow eats the grass and lies down to chew the cud ; the man bolts his dinner and rushes to his business. The cow usually lives her allotted time, unless carried off by some acute, contagious, or infectious disease ; the man becomes a martyr, first to dyspepsia, and secondarily to some disease of malnutrition, and dies very prematurely.' At a late meeting of the North of England Institute of Mining and Mechanical Engi neers T. W. Bunning read a paper on experi ments made at Saarbrucken to ascertain the influence of coal dust in explosions in mines. Mr. Galloway, who was present at some of these experiments, stated that if the coal dust were removed from the vicinity of the shot holes, or kept watered for the space of six yards, the risk of explosion was removed. In the course of a recent lecture on the fauna of the seashore, Professor H. N. Moseley said it is because all terrestrial and deep- sea form? have paased through a littoral phase of exist ence, and that the littoral animals retain far better than those of any other f aunal region the recapitulative larval phases, by means of which alone the true historical origin can be recovered, that marine zoological laboratories on the coast have made so many brilliant dis coveries in zoology in late years. From Copenhagen the death is reported of Duke Frederick of Schleswig Holstein Gliicks burg, brother of the King of Denmark, aged 71\. He was the son of Duke William and the Duchess Louisa, daughter of the late Land grave Charles of Hesse. He married in 1841 the Princess Adelaide, daughter of the late George Prince of Schaumberg Lippe, and has left two sons and four daughters. He is suc ceeded in his dukedom by his eldest son, Prince Frederick Ferdinand, born in October, 1855. We have our sticking-up cases, but we are not as bad as the U.S. yet. Read— 'A ter rible tragedy was enacted between 8 and 9 o'clock Thursday night, at Sybersville. Four tramps entered a small house some distance back from the main street in which lived two bachelor brothers, John and William. Kester, aged respectively 50 and 54, and demanded a large sum of money which was known to be secreted about the house. The Hesters refused to reveal where the money was hid, and the tramps then bound them both hand and foot, and beat their brains out with a heavy club. They fled, and have not been arrested.' 