THE LATE MR. C. A. FEILBERG. We have, with the deepest regret, to an- nounce the death of Mr. Carl A. Feilberg, for the last four years editor of this journal, and chief of the Brisbane Newspaper Company's literary staff. The sad event occurred early yesterday (Tuesday) morning, at the deceased gentleman's residence, Cordelia- street, South Brisbane. Mr. Feilberg was not particularly communica- tive on personal matters, but we have ascer- tained some particulars of his early life. His father was a Danish naval officer, and his mother, born at Santa Cruz, was also of Danish descent, and the daughter of a West Indian planter. The boy's school career began in England, whither he had been taken by his father on the death of his mother, when he was eight years of age. Thence he was re- moved to France, where he passed a course in the academy of St. Omer. He then came to England, and lived for a time in the Lincolnshire fen country. As a young man he was engaged for some years in the office of a London firm of in- surance brokers, which, at the age of twenty two years, be left on medical advice to emigrate to Australia, in consequence ot bu being threatened with fatal lung disease. Landing at Rockhampton about twenty years ago he made his way to a Barcoo station, where he was engaged for about two years as clerk and storekeeper. The climate appeared to fully re-establish his health, the affected lung being healed, although not restored. While on the station he gained valuable colonial experience, and also formed very decided views with respect to pastoral land tenure. Thence he returned to the coast, and for a time engaged in farming in the Wide Bay district. Ere long he was attracted to journalism in Maryborough, and soon made his presence felt there as a forcible writer in the leading columns of the Wide Bay Neva, in which journal, to his future dis- advantage, be acquired a proprietary interest. The paper warmly took np the popular canse and achieved a political saccess while raining its proprietors, but Mr. Feilberg sought em- ployment, elsewhere, and in the course of' years honourably met all his Maryborough obligations. His next venture was at Cook- town, where he had the opportunity of measuring the effect of Chinese immigration on a large scale, and where he arrived at the conclusion that the Chinese question was really a formidable one, demanding decisive measures from the Legislature, Desiring a widerfield than Cooktown offered, he soon came to Brisbane, where he wrote for the Patriot newspaper, afterwards re-named the Daily News. Here he again proved his journalistic capacity, but there waa no room for a second morning paper in Brisbane, and after a few months struggle the proprietors abandoned their venture. Mr. Feilberg then found em- ployment as a contributor to the Brisbane Courier and several of the leading provincial papers. He was also for a time engaged on the Hansard staff, and although not a short- hand writer soon acquired a reputation for well-written and faithful reports. In June, 1882, be was offered and accepted a sub editorship on the Melbourne Argus, but after a year's experience there he obtained from the proprietors a reluctant release from his en- gagement and returned to the more congenial climate and associations ol Queensland, In July, 1883, be became a salaried staff writer on the Brinbane Courier, where his work was so highly appreciated that in three months afterwards he was invested with the edi- torial control, succeeding the late Mr. W. O'CarroIl. In this arduous and highly responsible position Mr. Feilberg was very successful, speedily- winning the implicit con- fidence and esteem of his proprietors, as well as the goodwill and hearty co operation of the literary staff, and considerably extending the circulation and influence of the paper. Although never robust he appeared until April lost to enjoy good health and to take ereat interest in his work. But in that month a cold was the precursor of a succession of severe attacks of spasmodic asthma, which he fought obstinately for a time. In June he was induced to take a fortnight's holiday by the sea-aide, from which he returned slightly improved. Düring the next mouth the dis- tressing symptoms returned and compelled another rest, but tbs second change proved of little benefit. Ile refused to desist from work, however, declaring that it relieved the tedium of confinement in his room, until about a month ago hs waa obliged to admit that all his remaining strength, must be husbanded to meet the constantly recurring attacks of his disease. Daring the last fortnight he ap- peared to be gradually improving, and was able to take occasional driving exercise, but on Monday a change for the worse occurred, and yesterday morning he died painlessly in bed, passing away so peacefully that the precise moment of death is unknown. He had attained the age of forty-three years. About fourteen years ago Mr. Feilberg married at Maryborough a daughter of Mr. VT. Smith, now the owner of the Kilkivan cobalt mines. His death is mourued by a widow and fire children, who, bereft of the most affectionate of husbands and fathers, have in their bereavement the svmnathieB of a I large circle of friends. -Brisbane Courier. I 