[?] Show next Thursday. Socialist outrage at Lyons. Mining fatality in Victoria. The South Australians defeated. Disease amongst the horses at Laura, Childreu's entertainment on Show night. Sunday trains to Sttathalbyn to be stopped. George, the famous Eagfish runner, has arrived in Sydney. Air. Al'erdali Grainger has commenced making public addresses. Tiie Governor of Western Australia has met with an accident. The appointment of the Professor of Agriculture will not be made until Mr. Downer has arrived in England. It is proposed to send 1,000 Victorian cade ( s to the Queen's Jubilee : cost £27 000 to £30,000. Jarvis wanted, in addition to payment of expe:iser, £l a day befo e he wovl I accompany the Intercolonial team to Melbourne. The Pope has expressed his willingness to act as mediator between Russia and Bulgaria, and also between France and Ger.nany. Mr. D. Bower, M.P., who has represented Port Adelaide for nearly 22 years, has decided not to seek re-election. Sir lienry Paikes refused a hearing at Wallseiid. The Federation of Trade and Labor Unions of the United Sta'es and Canada have issued a circular calling for aciou upon the standing of Trade Unions in Knights of Labor organisa tion. The Duke of Manchester has authorised Ms agent to make a permanent reducio.i of 25 per cent, in the ren.s of his English estate, instead of the temporary deductions hitherto made. ' BTJCHTJ-PAIBA. Quick, complete cur-, all annoying Kidney, Bladder, and Urinary Diseases. At Chemists ani Druffgrtsts. P- H, Taulding & Co., Agents. Adelaide, A novel association lias been farmed in Cedartjwn, Ga. Its purpsj is to fer-Id a perpetual cuurtr/ exhibition of native re souicus. by! which the town may be adver tised. A syndicate of Danish capfatists has been formed to assist the emigrtUon of small farmers whom the iiird times have compelled to sell out, and to rear a colony iu the fcr uorili-west of Canada. A deposit of 19 dollars made in 1849 at tl e savings bank in Dover, N.H., was left u:idu turbed until recently, whan the bjok was pre sented and the account closed by the payment of 195 83 dollars. A deputation of London watchmakers wared upon the President of t'ie Board of Trade and Barou H. de Worms with re fercuce to frauds arising out of the sale of Swiss watches with tha English-hall mark. ' We are pleased to notice that Mr, E Clark, ef th,s Murray Brewery, Goolwa I has lowered the price of ale to £3 per hogshead.' — (^ Ad vt. J G. Donnitkorne, G. Thompson, D. Jarvis and J- Welsh of Strathalbyn have nomin ate! for the Onkaparinga Sheffield Handicap to be run on Saturday, March 5th. Air. Markham who came to Australia as the ' backer' of llutcheue, has ^one back to England. liie terms of the agreement between the Government and Messrs Chaffey Brothers were settled on Monday afternoon. The London liquidator of the Commerciii Bank of South Australia has received permission to pay a dividend of £l per share with interest. BOUGH ON CORNS.' Ask for Wells' ' Rough on Orni.' Quick relief. Complete, psnnanent cure. Corns, warts, buuiotis At Chemists and a. ruggiste. The Government have received a telegram from the Agent-General stating that applica tions for the appointment of Professor of Agriculture will be received on March lsr^at Sir Arthur Blyth's office. The number of passengers that arrived at Port Adelaide by sea during the week ending Saturday, February 12th, was 497 ;tiie number leaving by similar means being 262. Gain to the colony of 235. Cl i -ese troops invading Burmah in large numbe s. The Hon. J. W. Downer arrived at Colombo on Monday. CUar'c* Saith, a Wealeyan preacher in Melbourne, was committed for trialon Tues day on a charge of defrauding a farmer named Ketallick of £3,700. The Rev. W. J. Bussell of Stratbalbyn addressed the meeting of the Anglican Home Mission Society at Mount Gambier on Tuesday night. Bishop Reunion was also present. ' The Judicial Committee of the Privy Council have dismissed with costs, the appeal of the Brisbane creditors to wind up the Q;i entland Shipping Company. The Sovth Eastern Star urges that the acting-Premier ekould take the opportunity of the forthcoming banquet to the numbers for Victoria at Mount Gambier to answer the attack made on the Givtrament by Mr. Colts at Kapundt. SKINNY MEN. ' Wells* Health Kenewer' res- ores hea'th and i^or, cures Dyspepsia. Imjntence, Sexual Debil vtr. At Chemists ard Dm ffg:sts. F. H. Faulding *n-i Co . I Agents, Adelaide The population of Victoria up to December 31 last was estimated st' 1,033,005, or an increase over the year 1E85 of 41 136. Hutch ns, the English pedestrian, has challenged any man in Australia to run him any distance from 50 to 350 yards. A meeting of the creditors of Messrs. W. Jones & R. M. Osborne, trading as Lee & Co., printers Hindmarsh-square, Adelaide, was held on Friday. The balance-sheet showed— Liabilities, secured, £486; un secured, £446 j private estate, £124; total liabilities. £1,090. A-B3ts— £1,455. It was decided to accept a composition of 5s. in tue pound, guaranteed. E. Cavill, the champion swimrrer of New South Wales, ha9 won the Championship of t'outh Australia from Turnbull and Moore A proclamation has been issued eummwn-. ing New South Wales Parliament for Tues day, March 8th. TJie Qaeensland Loan of £2.500,000 which it is intended to place upon tlie market this week, is already at a premium of one h-iif per cenc on the minimum which is fixed at par. The French Chamber of Deputies adopted tbe credit vote of eighty-sir million francs asked for by General Boulanger for the pur pose of strengthening the military svstem. At the end of 1836 there were 3 --5S officers ia the Salvaion Army, A woman 93 years of age ha« bren sent (0 gaol in Melbourne for 12 months fur the tin of being a vagrant. The P. & O. and Oriest Companies arc not disposed to alter their tenders for the duration of the contracts for carrying the mails. 'BOUGH ON CATARRH' corrects offensive odors at ova. Complete ci'8 of worst chronic cism ; also un-qi»lled as gargle for dip lierii, s re throat, foal breath. Tiie trinl of Messrs. D.llon, M.P., W. O'Brien. Crilly, SUeeby, Harris, and Red mond*, who where committed for trial last December, on a charge of to ispiracy to ob struct the payment t»f rent, commenced at Dublin, on Monday. Mr. J. W. Davis has succeeded in getting the j-jwe'ilery returned which was recently se zed while he was hawking near Angaston. The Commissioner of Crown I-and* started on Tuesday on a fortnight's trip in the South East. He will inspect the drainage works at Kiueston. A man named Samuels committed suicide in Melbourne on Monday, by taking poison known as '? rough on rats.' South Australians collapsed in their second ianings. Further fighting is reported to have taken place between the Italian aud Abyssinian forces. The solicitors who acted for Lord Colin Campbell in the iate trial insisted on £10,000 heiug paid down by the Duke of Argyle be fore they would initiate proceedings. Victoria defeated South Australia by 144 runs Tbe wafer falling over Niagara has a power of 100,000,000 tons par hcur m ving through ISO feet. Th-s force is equal to tbe consump tion of 260.000,000 tons of coal,' the amount annually burned by the entire population of the world, if one hilf of the fuel burned is used iu driving machinery, then the power of Niagara wou'd drive all the machinery of the world, with 50 per cent to loose in trans mitting. Wolfe's Schnapps possesses all the requis ites of a family medicine. Mr. Henry George has issued a near paper, called tha Standard, in New York in support of his views. The opening article contains a severe attack on the Roman Catholic Church for its disciplinary measures towards Dr. McGlynn. The New York Commissioners of Immigra tion sent l,0'0 pauper immigrants, including 75 gipsies, back to Earopo ia 1886 People are loud ia their praise of ths merits of Wolfe's Schnapps. The agitation in favor of tariff reform is assuming lirge proportion in the United States. A mass meeting at New York on January 12, under the auspices of the Free trade Club, including the leading men of the country, asked for a reduction of the tariflE in justice to Southern farmers 'ROUGH ON PILES.' Why srffer Piles ? Immediate relief and com. plete cure guaranteed. Ask for x Rongh ou Piles.' Sure cure toritcLing,protuding, bleeding, or ftnv lorm of Piles. The Rev. Dr. McGlynn, a prominent Roman Catholic, who supported Mr. Henry George's candidature as Mayor of New York has been suspended and ordered to proceed to Rome. Ask for Wolfe's Schnapps a id take no other. Mr. John Bright, in a letter in answer to a communication from Mr. Norton of Sydney, expresses the hop - that the recent Soudan ezpelition will prove the last movement of the kind in which Australia will join unless her interests are affected. The death is announced of Mrs. Henry Wood, the well known English authoress, aged 65. Neither trickery cr competition has been able to affect the repu'a ion of Wolfo's Schnapps. Sir Charles Warren, Commissioner of Polic?, has given an oSjial denial to ths statement that several shops were pillaged by roughs after the Socialist meeting at Clerken wcll on Tuesday last. 'BOUGH ON ITCH.' ' Ron^h on Itch' cures skin humors, eruptions, ritifj woiMn. tetter, salt rh um, frosted feet, chll br&ins; itch, ivy poison, barber's itch. The Pope haa issued a fresh diipatch reit era'ing his former injunction to the Roman Citholic electors throughout Germany to vole only for such candidates for the tteichstag as pledge themselves to support the Bill for the increase of the army. Jobilee Exhibition.— We have very great pleasure in calling the attention of our subscribers and the public generally to three important testimonials received by t- e pro prietor of Cross's Indigestion Drops — The one is a very remarkable case never before published— There is no question but that it is tbe care for Indigestion and all disease's the degsstive orgrns Wolfe's Schnapps cannot be approached for its flavour and purity of spirits. It has been dec'.ded in Be'gium to tend to the Adelaide Jubiles Exhibition a good repre sentative collection of pictures bv Belgian and Dutch artists. A number of fine speci mens of Limoges pottery will also bo a-nong the exhibits displayed by lead:ng Belgian firm?. * Persons whose avocations feeop them in doira should occasionally take Wolfe's Schnapps. 'ROUGH ION RATS.' Clears out rats, miee, roaches, flies, ants, bed-bufr?, beetles, insects, skunks, jack rabbits, sparrows, gophers. At chemists and druggists. The New South Wales Government have decided with the Governments of Victoria ai d South Australia to refer the contracts for tbe oceanic mail service to the Imperial Conference. The great racehorse Commotion will never race again. It has just been found out that the point of his shoulder is broken. Miss Eleanor Carey, the Australian actrass, has been married to Mr. N. Findlator Blood, whose family is related to Lady Colia Camp bell. Goldswnrtfcy is decidedly an acquisniou to the Milang team. His last Saturday's performance reads 9 overs, 8 'maidens, 1 no hall, 3 runs, 4 wickets ! 