GERMAN EMIGRATION TO THE AUSTRALIAN COLONIES. WnIrin Englishmen ' are starving at home, crying for work or bread, and turning London upside down in the depth of their misery, Australia too has her problem of short work to face. Those who in Newcastle are drawing four or five days' pay to represent a fortnight's work know full well that it requires the strictest economy on the part of both parents in such circum stances to keep the family in food, clothing and shelter. Inthe slackness of work experienced for some time past in New South Wales it would have been both a folly and a crime for the people of this country to have lavished any longer thousands of pounds in immigration votes, as was the case up to a vory recent period. But it is use less for any individual colony of the Australasian group to take up any given line of action if some other colony acts in a precisely op posite manner. Tasmania has re cently been introducing large numbers of Germans and Danes into her terri tory. No fault can be found in those nationalities, per se ; they have their virtues and their defects like other nationalities; and, for a new country, their excellencies may counterbalance their weaknesses. Englishmen may never forget that in their own veins runs Anglian and Danish blood ; but yet it does seem hard that, when immigration agents can get the pick of English bone and sinew to be sent to an English colony, they should prefer to go rather to a foreign country and send out FRITZ and HlA?s, who probably know not a word of the English language, and try hard all their life, and probably without success, to make themselves Englishmen. It is high time, indeed, that there should be common action on the part of all the Australasian colonies on other subjects than do fence, the exclusion of the Chinese, or the extermination of the rabbits. A Tasmanian country settler from Germany, writing to the lTobart 1ercury on nominated immi gration, goes on to say :--"We (i.e, the German settlers in Tasmania) shall now be very anxious to know how far Government will redeem the pledge their agents gave our friends at Rome to be assisted thereafter to join us. At a recent deputation to the Premier we were assured an equal share with others in carrying out this intention, and Mr. Bucic advocated a further privilege, one which already obtains in other colonies with a large German element-i.e., allowing the foreign peasantry, in their communications with the depart ment, the use of their native language When-needed. The want of this has hitherto almost precluded many from the advantages held out to others, and kept many Danish and German families away whose daughters alone would have supplied such a long-felt want hero, that of useful domestic servants." For a long time past the backwardness of Tasmania has caused a large emigration of its male popula tion to Victoria and other portions of the island continent. It would appear, however, that Tasmania is adding to its population a race akin to that of the brave old Dutchman who origin ally discovered it, and called it after his beloved. MARI? VANX DIEM?EN, and that the members of that race are call ing upon the Tasmanian Government to bring out more of their countrymen. If the exodus continues, the supply of English Tasmanians will soon be' exhausted, and a stream of JonA?s and GRETCIIENS, from Tasmania, will soon be in full'tide upon us. 