SUMMARY OF NEWS FOR HOME READERS. His Excellency, Sir Robert Hamilton, has been in residence at Government House during the fortnight, and has been busily, engaged in connection with the celebration of Her Majesty's Jubilee. His Excellency presided at the annual meeting of the Council of Education, the monthly meeting of the Royal Society, and at the inaugral meeting; of the Tasmanian Rifle Association last week: He has also attended two meetings of the Executive Council. It was decided at the Executive Council held on the 13th inst., that Parliament should be summoned to meet for despatch of busi- ness on Tuesday, the 12th day of July next at 3 o'clock in the afternoon, and a Gazette notice was issued in accordance with the de- cision. Tho contest between Mr. John Hamilton and Mr. Russell Young for the representa- tion of Glenorchy in the House of Assembly, which seat was rendered vacant by the Hon. Alfred Dobson having accepted the position of Solicitor-General, resulted in a victory for the former gentlonman. Both candidates enjoyed a large meaasure of general respect, and the only difference between them in politics was that Mr. Hamilton was a more pronounced supporter of the present Go- vernment. The poll was taken on the 18th, and on the 20th the returning officer (Mr. Harold Wright) declared Mr. John Hamilton elected by a majority of 80, the numbers being Hamilton, 384 ; Young, 298. Mr. Jas. Blackburn, the arbitrator for the contractor for the construction of the Der- went Valley Railway in the dispute between him and the Government, returnd from Melbourne last week, and the issues in dis- pute were narrowed down as far as they possibly could be btween that gentleman and Mr. C. H. Grant, the arbitrator for the Government. The matter was then referred to the umpire, Mr. R. C. Patterson, and the award was finally made and forwarded to the parties last Monday. The work of the arbitra- tion has been delayed by sickness, but two or three weeks have been actually spent over it, during which time a large number of witnesses have been examined. The claims of the contractor extended over 86 items, and amounted to £15,812 19s. 1d. Among the leading items were £2,300 for extra allowance for masonry work, £1,120 for quoins, £2,550 on account of extra prices in stone cutting, and £3,400 on account of delay and interest on money paid. The award given amounts to £3504, which will include all compensa- tion, to be paid to the contractor for loss of time, due to the suspension of workd at the request of the late Royal Commission, beyond the 30 days allowed under the terms of the contract. The Government are inviting tenders for the completion of that portion of this line between Plenty River and Glenora, a distanc4 of 6 1/2 miles. The plant belonging to the Government will be available to the contractor, and the bulk of the material is already provided. I ho animal meeline; of tho Taimnnmu Council of I ducution »as hold in tho J oun Illili on Sntui du} morning, tim lilli ¡list, the biiBincs being to lecono the icpnil of (lieeMimiuoiHus to the i emit of tho examina lion foi the ilógico of Assoeiuto of Alfs, to coufci the di ki eu upon tho successful candi dates to uwaul two 'I iisiiiuuuui Schohuihipi, twoMiuoi Scholui ships, fivoExhibitioiiH, muí the Di} Scholmship J belo «nan xoiy hugo attend meo of tho publie iiumborH of tho fun sox piedoiiiimifing, thus showing thal the populni intciost ni tho highest iicudunuc honotui iilileh can be con fen ed in this colonv is xuiy gi out A lingo nuinhoi of ladies and gontlcmon wore pioudcd with sells on tho dais, winch had been tompoiarily enhn(,ed for thon aceommodation, und tho successful candidates in tho examinations wore iau"cd lit ona omi of tho platform J ho ncileimc lobos of 1,11 oso (tantlcmcn who bud attained to University honoius lout a plea mull} diieiHihed iippuuiaueo to tho seono Soiuu of them «010 scaled on llio plalfoi m and sonic of thom on tho fiont souls in tim body of thu hall Iho Rov G i Aichci, Vresi lent of tho Connell of Ldueution, pia «i le J Ihoiawuionli, i lenoiaiili 1-iXiolli.iicy tliu (jtoveinoi unit Lady Hamilton, who woro accompanied bj Mi II W B Robinson, private seeielai} flic lion B S lind, 'lieisinci lion L N G Binddon, Muuilei of I indi , tho Chief Ii utico (Sil W f liol ion), Ml Juif ko Adinna, tho ltcvi Dean Dunilns, M A , and It 1) l'uulult lliuiH, MA, oxiiiumoia for thu Council of J ducution inhibitions Mi A Jl llci"ill Al A .exiimiiioi foi thodogieo mid ielioliushi|i Aiehdeucon Dnienpoit, Jte\ lieo Llalla', Di i'oikins, Mossih A Dobson (Soheitoi Gnnoial), W lui luton, 1' M , his (.nuit, H iluntei, Guo Riehuid ion, "cuetui} lo tho connell, mid othoil A Illino niiiubei of schoolboy mid othaiscoii (.legated nt tho lmek of tho hall, mid theso loudly ii]i|ilnnded thou foituimlo school fellows ai tho} stopped forwin d to rerene tho honoius thu} had won Mi T I Haywood pi ended nt the oigan, mid plajed sovoial selections, lendciing tho National Anthem asllis I'xeolleney ontoiod tho hall Aftoi the ceremonies bud beon gono through with tlio eiiHtoniiii} enthusiasm, tho i'leiulunt lend nu ablon bli ess on Ibu ann of a complete éducation foi piuetical hfo J he minimi oxiiminntion foi tho nwuid of State school exhibitions, six of which mc open to boys, and six to gills nttoiiding tho Stuto schools of tho colony each jeal, wai held hist »eck, the examinéis being Messis J Rule G llouidillon and I Masters, tho inspectors of schools Light c,iili und 12 boys presented Hiernach oi for examination, but oui} (no of (ho guli succeeded in getting Hie leipiisilu number of mai ka to entitle tliem to mi exhibition Thu colinby schools silo« up xoi} well Ulla youl, thon acholan hiiMiiL'sueeuudud in tukum »oxen out of the 11 exhibitions aw aided Iho following is a ist of Iho successful candidates - 33ov? Namr Hirth Behool Mks tollu McGronry Allg It 71, linttury rolllt 817 Alfl T liirrlng July 17 76 Irimfclln 810 lllclird I Billilli July 20 70 Mow Norfolk 700 Usury S Murat Mell 1 70 Circón I omi« 7f0 Vc I) II 11 orton Juno 12 76 ( oulliiirn st ODO li It Î Mo\ lily Kov a 7fi Hatter} 1 oint L JJntliiirst-st 030 Quin Mau ii I losgott Mell f 70 SUnloy 747 A\ inirrcitjWtillnnl (Jet 8 7fi Dunorlan 745 I Hy li I rod r Inn 27 70 Mau) i trio st 7J'J Marl ml bmllli Oct 1U 76 Sliclllold 041 Kalo ]> (Joints» Deo 28 70 Kvamlalo 02S 'Iho folio»mi; memorandum liai boon issued by Mr L N G lil addon, the Ministoi of Education -" Tho attention of State school touchers is called to tho necessity of exeicisnig duo caro in tho administialion of corpoial punishment- that this is in ovory instunco fully juatllicd by tho conduct of tho child puniihod, that it is dono without tompor on tho pin t of thotoacbor, and that unnecessary pam and inconvemonco, and any poi manent injin y to the child bo avoided Monous notice will bo token of any caso in which a child m a State school shall bato baie beon too soveroly punished, and m no instaneo will the corporal punishment of feinulo childi cn bo permitted" Many teachers consider this an unwarranted rofloc tion upon Uni methods of conducting ?rhnliutm I It,nu At a mooting of tho City Council hold on ttie 13th inst., the debuto on Aldormau Davies' motion for tho raising of £100,000 with Government assistaneo, and tho appli- cation of tho amount to the provision of a system of underground drainage was ro fiumed and concluded, the resolution being carried by 5 votes to 2. Alderman Davies i expressed great confidence in his scheme meeting with thu approval of Parliament, I and recommended as tho noxt step that >. largo deputation of citizens, lioaded by tho Mayor and nldurmon, should wait on the Government and urgo them to adopt tho plan proposed. At the usual monthly meeting of the Royal Society, held on tho 14th inst., there was a'good attendance of Follows and ?visitors, mid Ilia Excellency the Governor occupied the chair as president Aftor tho transaction of thu ordinary business tho following paiiors woro road :-" Notes on Ice- land." tho Rev. J. B. Woollnough; "Con- cerning tho identity of corlain Tasmanian ltolioi,' by W. Savlllu-Kcnt ; " Notoa on somo Tasmanian fish," by R. M. Johnston ; "Notes on RicciaNatans " (water plant), by It. A. Bastow. At tho conclusion of tho mooting a groat deal of ¡ntorost was taken in a portfolio of skotches of Tasmanian sconory, by J. S. *l*rout, presonted to tho society by our old townsman, Mr. William Robertson, of Colac. Tho Agont-Gonoral, writing to the Promior Jinder dato 2nd May, transmita u copy of a lottor received from Mr. W. Al. Cunning «am, aocrolary of tho International Exhibi- tion of Glasgow, togothor with tho pros IioctuH. copies of which have boon sont to tho Gliiof Secretary for distribution, and invite» tho représentation of this colony. Tho Go- vernment do not proposo to toko any action lu the matter utilosa tho public previously ako it up and show that thoy aro desirous of orwarding oxhibits. The very warm controversy that has boon Coing on slnco the last meeting of the Angli- can Hynod with rofqrenco to the formation of a sisterhood has been not nt rest for a timo, the following circular having boon issued by she Bishop of Tasmania :-" Tho Diocesan Synod of Tasmania at its last soaaion pnssod tho following leaol'iitionst-(1.) ' That for the hotter organlsn'cion of womon's work in tho dioceso, cspeci allv iii. the matter of dis- trict nursing, ci'tiication, and penitential y work, the introduction or establishment, of a aisterhooAl is, urgently icquirod.' (2.) ' That no sisterhood shall bo recog- nised in ' this diocoso by the Synod until thu proposed mloiifor its government havu liaen' laid baforo 'mid approved by tho Bishop.'' In connection with thoso rcaolu tiona tho' Blatiop has td point out that I tits duty, under tho enactments and provisions of them, only i begins when any poison, or porsoitK seeking Synudical recognition for a proposed sisterhood shall present tho con- stitution and rules forhisapproval. And tho Bishop hereby intimates that'in the ovent df this boing tlotio during tluj present recosa, ho will at onco, and boforo dealing with thom, call tho synod together mid submit tho draft constitution and rules for its considera- tion." I , li , I I [ On the 17th inst., a meeting of a most re- presentative character was held at the Town Hall for the purpose of establishing a National Rifle Association, which will be known as the Tasmanian Rifle Association, and have members in all parts of the colony. His Excellency the Governor presided and among those present were the Minister of Lands, the Treasurer, the Commandant, a large number of volunteers, and several prominent cititens. Some very good speeches were made in view of the accom- plishment of what was admitted to be a long desired and excellent institution. The assoc- ciation was formed with His Excellency as patron ; the Commandant (Colonel Legge), president; Major J. G. Davies, secretary ; and Captain Albert Reid, treasurer. Perfect unanimity prevailed at the meeting, and a large number of members have been enrolled. 1 | Tho nocossily for conipiilsbry legislation lo orailicnto thu codlin ' moth pust, i which , throuteiis tho orchards of Ibu colony, has _ boen largely occupying tho minds of thofiult ' growurs. , Tlioso in tho districts around i Hobart havo boen advocating gonoral taxa ition of orchards, and tho uppohilinont .of ^Government inspectors, wliile the rosldonta of tho Huon districts, .which nro free from t)io peat 'mid nroduco half the aliploa grown In the colony, havo docidod-1. That legisla 1 Ijoii. almulil 'bo compulsory, i 2. That tho working of tho Act should bo tfirtrusled 'to local boards, by vvliom- sffiHpectora .should bo'appointed. 3. That tlltl'o should hu no, gonoral'taxation. 'Two deputations' rpprosanling thu two »idas ,of tho question. Waited upon the Government on tho 20th inst. Thu Premior intimated that tho Go- vernment intended introducing a bill lo ulfcct the compulsory cleansing of orchards, mid with regard to tho means of defraying tho cost of such action recommended tho parlies lo elf eel a comprise hy meeting ono another half-way, without which it would be imiiusallilu to gut any bill passed. Tho following resolution was passed nt a meeting of German mid Danish residents hold at Hobart on tho 17lh :-" That tho German and Danish residents will in future only support thoso candidates for Parliament who will talco caro that our rights and privileges i chili ve to assisted immigration aro mudo tho sanio as thoso of O rent Hi ¡lain." Last your a balança was availablo for bringing out immigrants, but tho Government inti- mated that it would only ho oxpuuded in introducing immigrants of British nation- ality, mid this waa felt to ho a hardship by the meeting. It was also decided to request Mr. Buck to arrange a deputation lo tho Pi «nitor. A criminal sitting of tho Stipromo Court wits opened at Launceston on Juno 10, mid li cases, tho higbast number on record, wero disposed of on that day, and ono moro on tho following day. William Johnson pleaded guilty to a common assault on a girl at Deloraine, and rucoived u sentence of 12 moulin'imprison- ment. James Goodall, ulliu Young, and Alargaret Murphy, wore chui'ged with bur- glary al Launceston. Tho malo priaonor pleaded guilty, and goes to gaol for sii year«, while a Jioíío jirospi/ni waa outoied with regard to tho woman. Charles Stoneham pleaded guilty to a elim go of obtaining money upon falso pre- ' teneos, and received an additional sentence of 12 months being- already in gaol fur another offuueo. Thomas O'Kcofo was con- victed of obtaining molloy by falso pretences and sentenced lo six mouths' imprisonment. Thomas Casoy and Audrow Kennedy, con- victed of stealing from tho person, recoived .,.,..io,.uur ut u mullum' imprisonment. Alfred Honry Davis, charged with shooting^ al James Emincrtoii, was convicted of un-' lawfully shooting, and imprisoned for ono hour nftur the i ¡sing of tho Court. Frederick Ucald, charged with arson, was discharged on a verdict of not guilty, dames Carbury Brady, convicted of unlawfully killing a heifer was bound over to como up for sentence iulhoevont of his failing to componsnto tho owner of the properly. John 'Thomas Hall, charged with indecently nssnitltlng a girl, waa discharged on a verdict of not guilty, Wlllinni 'Tyson charged with larcony was ulao discharged upon a verdict being given in bia favour. Alary Millican, a domautic servant, was charred at the Hobart polico court on Hie lilli inst. with having thrown some kerosene over bur master, Eugono Owen Coylo, of Sandy Buy, whilo ho held a lightod canillo in lils baud, which ignitod tho liquid, and his faco was sovoroly burned. The defendant was r-niiimittod for trial. Among Ibu accidents which have taken placo during Iho fortnight muy bo enuinoralcd thu death of a young mau named David Dick, who wau struck by a trco ho was cutting down at Brothers' Homo on tho 16th., Tho trco foil upon liitn and fastened bim to tho ground, whuro ho wies discovered four hours after» arde. 'Tho poor follow died on tho journey from thero to Launceston, whilhor ho win boing con- voyed for treatment. A Chimnnaii named Ah Loon M'as killed at tha Golden Ago tin claim, Branxholm, by tho fall of soino earth in tho faeo on tho 14th inst. -Tho dond body of ii farmor named Jamos Charles Groig, was found lu the 'Tamar River on tho 15th inst., and it is supposed that bo lind fallon ovor tho wharf on tho' preceding' ovon ing. On the 18th June It was found Unit tha mailman who should hnvo arrived at Avoca from Swansea had not dono so, and subsequently tho cart 'and -mail bags woro ' recovered. 'Tho horses woro drowned, and it. is supposed that tho mun, whoso name was Peck, lues shared thoir fate, as tho river was flooded. A football player, named fred. Oliphant, was killed at Deloraine on tho 15th lust.', from coming into violent contact with a log fence, ugninst which ho was hurled by onu of tho opposing players. A man was killed on tho Western Railway line, near Perth, on Thursday ovoning last. Ho was nn elderly man, and is supposad to have been slightly imbecile. I'lio engine struck him on tho forohond, and, no doubt, caused Instan- taneous death, but tho body was dragged along for about öb'yds. ' ' Mr. Charles Porcy Seront, tho Doputy Survoyor-Gonoral, died on tho 20lh inst. from typhoid fovor, aged .'(8. Tho deceased was a highly estooincd civil sonant, a member I of tho Royal Society of Tasmania, and ol tho Geographical Society of Australasia. Ho 1 took au activo part in tho development | of the West Coast of this island, both ni a surveyor and an exploror and discoverer. Ho was tho son of tho late Mr. James Spront, formorly Survoyor-Gonoral of this country and tho author of tho official map of Tasmania. Hie following notice, which appeared in Tues- day's Gazelle, exhibits the high appreciation tho Government hold of his character and ability :-" Lands and Works Department, Juno 20, 1887. Tho Minister of Lands and Works takos tho oarliest opportunity of expressing, on bolialf of the Government, their keon sense of tho loss they and I the public have sustained in tho death I of Mr. C. P. Sprent, Deputy Commis- sioner of Crown Lands and Deputy I Surveyor-Uenoral of Tasmania. Mr. Spiont brought to his official duties not only iminont ability, but such earnestness and honesty of purpose os mado bim an in- valuable ofiicor whom it will bo difficult to roplaco. Mr. Spront's dovotion to duty, dopartmunul oxporionco, willingness, mid unfailing nmiiJiifity imvo boon thoroughly appreciated by tin. Minister, with whom ho bus worked during th« last two months, and who now attempts to plwo upon record his hoartfolt rogrot at tho early death of so tried, so faithful, and so able & servant of tho State. E. N. 0. Braddon." Tho ro- mains of tho deceased wcro in tor rod nt Cor- nelian Hay on the 2,'lrd, being followed to tho gravo by a largo number of Civil servants and friends, and tho carriage of tho Governor, in which Mr. H. W. JJ. Robinson, tho Private Socrotary, rodo. On the 22nd Mr. Josiah Courtney Pratt died at the age of 50. He was the oldest son of the late Mr. William Pratt, of this city, and was intimately acquainted with vary many old residonts of the colony. In fact, as a reliable biographlst of departed celebrities the deceased was almost without a rival. He was in his time a man of some little note in public life. In 1880 he was elected as a moni- tor of the House of Assembly for Hobart, winning his seat against strong political and monetary influence. In 1809 he left Tasmania for Auckland, New Zealand, but returned again in 1870, and during the dis- cussions of the railway question supported the progressive party. He resigned his Par liamentary position in that year and sub sequently was appointed Council Clerk at Soroll, which billot he gave up in 1881, since then he was on tho staff of The Mercury until some months ago, when serious illness compelled him to relinquish active work. /Thora lias been a decided improvement in sllipping business during tlio p.isl foitnight. Good f i eights both inward and outward havo boon seemed by tho intercolonial steamers, and tho coasting trado lias also boen brisk. A now arrival in this port on tho 13th hist was tho tin «o-mnsteil schooner Jana, with a cargo consisting of 320 tons of sugar fiomPoit Louis, Miiuutins. 'Tho Juno was built at Sunderland in 1878 to tho oidoi of Messrs. J. and « ,1.1 i Denholm, of ' Groon'ock, mid' has a carrying capacity of 420 tons. The voyage occupied 3(1 /days; during which timo tho vessel bad a tasto of all kinds of weather. < At tho commencement modo litte luid^lichti,winds,, but in 82, E. long, a soioio cale^ front, tho N.W. was oncountored, ana on neat big the Tas- manian t coast, a second one from tho Wostward was'fallon In with. Tho ship, how ovor,i behaved' admirably. Captain Row, lund ¡Evans, who is in command, brought Um vuasol into po**t .in excellent ordor. The ' Jane loft Mauritius on Alay 3rd. , On the 11th last, tho K.M.S S. Ruapcbu, of tho N(ow ZoalaiidiShtpnlngjOp^s line, arrived in ¡the coveshoitly after noon with mails and passdngora. On m rival »lió was bom dod by tho health officer! and'a clean'bill of health | given. Tho Kuapohu. in conjunction with the other boats ot tho suma Uno, was at olio time a regular'caller ¡hero, but latterly she has been put on, the direct running to Nuw ¡Zealand, hen hut trip to Hobart being some two yeat s ago, Tho reputation Ibis boat has acquii ed for fast steaming and g(iod passongor accommodation,,bus al«ays; muda her a favourite with tho liavolllng public, and nor1 borthing spaco'ls gonoially I well filled. On this occasion moro so than usual,'theio being'.15:1 passenpeis on board, of whom .'IO oihl landed at Hobart, tho re- mainder, including Ü11 assisted immigrants, 'goingon.to Now,Zealand. /Tho trip, which win dono ¡ii tho fust time of ¡l8 days, wai unovontfdl. Tho; health of tho Iiasiougora'was'undor iho watchful, caro of Dr. LoVotl_do_Wolfd. "Sinco her last visit here,* tho "command of tho Riiapclm has I changed hands, and , is iiiow hold by Cnpt, i Greonstieot, formerly chief ofliccr of tho b.s. ] Aorangi, of the sumo lino. Tho Ruapuhfi landed har pusjougeis for this port, coaled, Hand lull for, New Zealand tho same day. I On tho day following tho cargo boat s.s. . Port Jackson, of tho Anglo-Australian * Steam Navigation Co.'s lino, ai rived under \- sail, owing to ' a slight bitch in tho ongino.1, wblch| happened, u few milos down tho river. Tho health officer having given bel- li clean bill, Captain Huidlo (thu haibour muitor) brought tho stenmor safely to a berth at tho Dumi-sticut pior, rather a dllliciilt feat under the circumstances. The Port Jackson is «eil known in these waters her hist trip hum being some 11 months ago., On this voyage thu Pert Jackson dun a largo complemento! passengers, only four of whom wuio, how ovor, hooked for Hobai t, tha re- mainder to tho nunibur of >lt¡2, igolug on to Mulbouinu und other colonial ports. Tho voyugo out from London occupied eight weeks, and tlnoughont was fnnly fino, and particularly dovold of any incidents of an' unpleasant nutiiio. Tha health of tho pas HongoiH was gonornlly good, causing Dr. liiowuo very littluaimuty. Tho Poit Jnck son brought nonily 5UU tons of cargo for local merchants, which iho discharged tho follow- ing day, and loft for Mulbouino on tho morn- ing of tho 17th inst. Messrs. Alox. McGregor and Co. received telegraphic advice from Captain Horne, of tho barque Loongana, informing thom of his arrivai in Sydnoy from the Blulf( N.Z., on tho Killi, after a good passage of eight day*. On tho 18th ¡nat. tho barque Pet loft for .Sydnoy with a cargo! of bark mid part of tho freight of tho Norwegian barullo Loto. On tho sumo date tho hrigantiiij Charles and Arltnii- loft for Biishaiio, via the Don, in ballast. 'Tho brig Fairy Rock loft Adelaide for Ilobartou tho 18th inst. On tho'22ml inst. the now steam drcrigo Agnow left for the Alorsoy. On tho 23rd inst. tho barque Heather Hell nrrivod from Pprt Pirie, South. Austral ia, with a cargo consisting of 4,250 sacks of wheat. On tho sumo dato Hie barque Acacia arrived from Melbourne with a full gunoral, gonoial cargo. QUEEN'S JUBILEE CELEBRATIONS 'Though two spécial days, tho 21st and' 22nd of Juno, wero officially decided upon for Hie colubraliou of Her Majesty's Jubileo in tliis colony, proccudiiigs really commenced ..».nu jujo líoígiowm appointed time, ana aro* hardly yet concluded. On tho 12th inst. a* meeting of Roman Catholics waa hold at St. Maiy's Cathedral, the Bishop of Hobart presiding, emla loyal address to tho Queen was adopted. Tho pooplo of Now Town starlod a fortnight ago to collect subscriptions for a jubilee library and reading room, which is progressing favourably. At tho Davey street Congi ogalionul Sunday-school on tho 15th inst., an excellent ten was provided for the scholars in their decorated schoolroom. This was followed by a jubileo oiitortain mont, and a monster jubileo cako, which was cut and distributed, with ceremony and cheers. On tho same night about 000 persons of Hobart ant down to a substan- tial repast at' the Exhibition-building, tho funda for which lind been raised by public subscription.' Aftur tho edibles bad been disposed of a number of tickets wore distributed, and thoso boing presented neur, tho door tisofiil'urticlos woro givon in exchange. A concert was held in the , ovon ing, at which tho Garrison Band gavos'ovoral selections, mid songs, otc, wero rondarod by ladies and guntloiuen. Short speeches wero also dolirorod by tho Reva. Fathor licechinor, J. G. Wright, J, W. Simmons, and J. Scott, and the lions. P. O. Fysh, anil B. S."' Bird. At tho suggestion of Dr. Smart, a fund is being raised lo bo expended in soino 'form of recognition of tho valuable services of ; the nurses at tho Hobort Hospital. Sotno substan- tial jubilee testimonial will result from this movoiiicnt as thoiiuraosarooxtromoly popular. ,'Tho following telegram wus forwarded to tho Canoon on ,tho lb'lh inst. :-"Tho woman and girls of Tasmania wish toi oifor thoir Quooii thoii- hearty congiatiilations on tho day of lior jubileo, and beg hor gracious accoptanco of thoir address, which is to follow." ' A few days subsequently His Excolloncy was ablo to .tell 25,O00,who stood around bim colo brating tho jubileo that ho had received the , -following reply :-',' Hor Majosty tho, Queen sonda hor cordial thanks to ,tho women and 'girls'of Tasmania 'for thoir loyal addroas." At most of tho churches last Sunday tho sub- ject) of tho jubileo was touched upon, mid sovoral donnent surinons were'delivered in relation to Her Majesty's lifo wore doliverod. The official proceedings commenced on Tuesday, tho 2lat, by a special sorvico hold at St. David'a Cathedral at 10 a.m., which waa officially ' attended by Sir Hobart, and Lady Hamilton, tho Judges, Ministers, tho Commandant and volunteer ofllcora, mid tho Mayor and aldermen of tho city. A largo number of the clorgy took part in tho sorvico, and tho Bishop of Tasmania doliverod a short and very appropriate address. ' His Excolloncy tho Govornor Sir Robert Hamilton, K.C.D., hold an undress levC« at Government House, which was very well attondod, notwithstanding very un- favourable woathor. Tho timo announced for tho leven was 11 o'clock, and It was hold in tho ballroom, whero His Excolloncy stood at tho northern olid surrounded hy those gentlomon who have tho privilege of priva to lillirie. Nearly 300 gentlomon attended, but tho last presentation was mado beforo ll'.'iO, as all who attended ware punctual in their arrival. An unusual number of prominent officials and civil servants woro present to show their loyal rospoct to Har Majesty, and thcro was a fair attendance of volunteer officers, but the number of private citizons was hardly as great as it probably would have been had the morning been brighter and the weather moro sottled. | A jubileo meet of tho Tasmanian Racing Club was hold at Elwick in the afternoon, and was attondod by Sir Robert and Lady Hamilton. Tho programmo incljded six events, the following being tho succcsssful horses :-Trotting Handicap-Mr. W. Pearn loy's Butcher Boy, 20sec. behind scratch. Hurdle Race- Mr, J. Kearnoy's Roposo. Jubileo Cup, a handicap of lOOsovs.- Mr. Gilbert's Liinlaud. Anniversary Steeplechase 1 -Mr. J. Kearney's Kangaroo. Flying Handicap-Mr. C. S. Agnow's Tho Knave. , Freo Handicap-Mr. C. Krushka'sSt. Albert. I In the ovoning tho city and suburbs wore ] illuminated, and the illuminations woro on ! joyed by an ¡mmonso number of people j in tho course of the day it wai feared that the night wai not going to bo favourable. i It »in seemed to bo always impending. For I tiinately it kopt off, and, with the absonco i of wind and wof, a moro favourable ovoning for an Illumination could not have been desired. Tho result was a turn out en masse of tho entire population, and not alono of the people of Hobart, but folks from tho country district had been arriving by train, steamer, and coach during tho day, and liol pod to swell the gigantic proportions of tho crowd that thronged every street. For a groat part of tho ovoning thora must have boon botweon 4,000 and 5,000 poople in front of tho Town Hall. Tho thickly- packed multltudo extended up Macquariu-strcot nearly to Harrington-street. Elizabeth street from Collins-streot to Liverpool-street was hardly passable, and the same density of sightseers oxtendod up Livorpool-streot be- yond Murray-street. It is, by no moans an extravagant estimate when we say that at one ported thora wore 110,000 people. Ila the streets of tho city. .'.>'. /.i ,i, . n.ii.i'» Our civic dignitaries, as became their posi- tion, led the way in the matter of illumina- tions. It was their duty to express in the most omphatic mannor tho loyalty and enthu- siasm of thu eiti/.ons, and thoy sot tlioinselvcs to work with a generous hand, Mr. 0. Vi. S. James, tho city surveyor, wnB commissioned to design up illumination for tho Town Hall, and as wa.1 shown on,the night, ho accom- plished hi» work" with a splendour and,' completeness such ns ; the occa- sion wari anted. Tho front,, of , the Town. Ha|l offers an oxcollont ground for a grand display. Thoro is height and-width 'Biifliciont--to -accommodate an illumination on a largo scale. Tho design agreed upon brought out very strikingly the architectural outlines of tho muidlo front of tljo building; Tho stately portico ' was brilliantly lit up. Rows of strong gai jot« showed tho lines of tho'tbroo front arches, al! well, as tho two sido,ones. Tho inter- vening pillars woro bordered by 'tho umalloi' chain jots, which had tho oppearanco of an unbroken Uno of light1' Tho arched wjndowH of tho Mayor's private room on tho right'and tho court-room'<on< tho deft,i woro lit up in tho sumo way al tho arches of tho portico. Crowning tho central'arch1 wai a Brunswick star. Along tho whole front of tho'balcony .'llamcdi'a Vow of powerful jots, und ovor tho middlo of tho portico, just abovo tho Brunswick star, wpro tho arms of thocQlony, which stood out in bold rcliof. Thi kuhgaroo and emu woro outlined with a lldolity to nalino that did cijcdit to thd artist in gas pipas.' ! Tho plough, abo, ives a, capital effort, and tho Hhonf, tho sickle," tho Bcvthoi Iho rako, und tho hayfoik crtuld ^hardly have I been improvod upon.7 Tho most »triking featuioon tho building; lidwovor.was tho sontlment GOD SAVE THE QUEEN,, consti uctod in, gigantic, Iel tor» stretching favor tho wholo length of tho façade. ' Wherovor also tho gni showed n doflcioncy of power if kept up with loyal brilliancy bolo. Ap immense' crown which surmount ed, ¿ho building cunio oui with brilliant diet inotnoss whan llrst lighted, but it fndod away later on owing to tho small si/o of tho pipos, aniHlio fact that it'wni tho lait pioco of tho illumina-, tipil. Immediately below tho piojccling lodgoof tho roof was' a row of glass globes 'colotirod rod, white, and bluo, and covering gai jets. Those i had a filio offect, in addition to their lignificance a« rupioscnting tho Imperial colours. Tho scml-cii ciliar and triangular outlines of tho upper part of tho windows on tho llrst floor woio also brought into prominenco by rows of jots. It will alford soma notion of tho scale of tho illumination whan wa say that two or throe men woro occupied nonrly nn hour in lighting iti nil up. Thoy began their work about 10 minutes pnst 7, and had not finished until 8 o'clock. All this timo a crowd had boon collecting, and ultimately reacliod such Í reportions tliat tho wholo roadway from ¡lizabeth-street was a solid mass of liumaiiity. ' Tho people scoinod delighted with the spec- tacle. It was quito a novelty to a vast nitmbor. Evoryono was in good humour, mut there was not tho least semblance of dis oidor or oven jostling. 'The good olfect wus further heightonod at 8 o'clock, when tho Garrison Band, assembled in tho portico, oponed a programino of music undor tho con duclorship of Air. Wultor T. Bates. Each of tho Government buildinga waa adorned with soma . devico in gas work and rows of jeta along the portlcoa and projecting edges' of tho first story. Tho offices of tho different banking, insur nnco, and othor companies niado a much moro brilliant display than tho Government, tim ¡Humiliations at tho Commercial Bank, Savings Bank, Derwent and Tamar Insurance, Co., Australian Mutual Provident Insurance Society. Gas Co., Cascade Browory Co., being particularly brilliant. Thu merchants anil retail traitors mudo a bravo show*, particu- larly tho latter, aonio parts of Liverpool, Elizabeth, and Murray-street being a bril- liant scone of light and colour. Somo of tho most tasteful and ulfcctivo ¡Humiliations' were displayed at private residences, and the view of some of tho higher partH of tho town whero surrounding darknesa brought out tho illuminations with greater offect was very Hilo. íí'/i« Mercury published a special jubileo edition in bluu ink on the looming of the 21st. Tho paper was double tho usual sino,* and contained a akotch of Hor Majesty's life, with a woodcut portrait, and a summary of event« connected with tho progress of the Empire during the 50 years of her reign, arranged into short nrtlclos under the follow- ing headings :-Historical, Political, Tho Colonies, British Commerce, Social Pro Hi'uuu, ar<ir>lttuiu>al PrnitrnM«. f .itnmturn. 'Tim Drama, 'Science and tho Arts. 'Thora was also a sketch of tho history of this colony during tho 50 years, with, statistics show- ing its progress, mid two jubileo pooms. Tho demand for the edition, ns a record of tho occasion, waa so great that a further additional supply had to bo printed before noon on the day of publication, as tho largo number printed lu tho first lillico had left tho oiiico by an early hour in tho morning, 'Tho opening proceeding of the socond day's celebration waa tho procession which gathered at tho Town Hall to proceed to tho Domain, whero several coremonioa woro to bo per- formed. 'The Sabbath school children, who took a prominent partin thaday's proceedings, assembled curly at thoir schools, and joined tho procession at various points. Just before 11 a. m. the procession started from tho Town Hall and joined tho Dofonco Forco at Har- rington- street. Tho children joined in sub- sequently on tho march down Liverpool sttcot, which was lined on both sidos with crowds of peoplo, amongst whom admiradlo order prevailed as on tho preceding ovoning. Tho following waa tho order in which tho procession reached tho Domain :-Tho Garri- son Band, Staff, Permanent Artillery, S. T. Artillery, 'Torpedo Corps, Rifles, Rcsorvcs', Cadets. Then followod Air. Superinten- dent Pcddor as Marshal, tho members of tho Executlvo ' Oominltteo, Ancient mid Independent Ordor of Oddfellows, M.U. Independent Ordor of Oddfellows, Fodoral Band, Independent Ordor of Ro "chabitos, Ancient Order of Foresters, Hibor "iiiiin Society, Druids, Protestant Allianco,' Loyal Orango Lodgo, Excelsior Band, Fire Brigado, Salvation Army, Boys' Homo, St. John's Friondly Society. Immediately behind tho representatives of theso Ordora, the Premier, Minister of Lands, Attornoy Gonoral, and Treasurer, marched on foot, and wm-n followed hv Hnvnral members of Parliament. ,. Then carno tho Mayor and Town Clark in full , civic robos, also on foot, nt tho hoad of tha aldormen I Tho Sunday schools waru beaded by SOO Roman Catholic children, who foil in at Harrington-street, and ware joined by 1,800" children of the associated schools at Argylo strcot, and tho children of Holy Trinity School at Park-8troot. Tho childron of the other Church of England schools, and others ranched tho Domain by another rout». Tho Defence Force marched out to tho roviow ground at tho rear of tho Queen's Buttery where His Excolloncy shortly after- wards arrived with Lady and Miss Hamilton, and Mr. H. W. B. Robinson, and accom- panied by tho Ministers, took up a position at the saluting point. Tho roviow was of tho usual kind, and terminated with a Royal salute tired from tho Queen's Battery by the Artillery, while tho remaindor of the brigade tired a fen rielóle. The mon. who mustered 401, marched well, executed the movements cleanly, and responded heartily to tho call of their commandant for three elmers for tho Queen. Tho other constituents of tho procession had been muishallod in order around a plat-, form erected In front of the main road. Tho roviow was finished at 1220, and then tho Govornor and Lady Hamilton, followed by tho rest of tho Government House party and tho Ministry walkod across to the plat- form. At this time tho whole scene was a very improssivo one. Tho military woro marching from tho roviow ground into places near the now point of interest. Tho Friendly Sociotios, in their regalia, tho Hromon, with all their accoutrements, the sepulchral look- ing Druids, the children, with their multitu- dinous banners of variegated lines andBhopos, tha ladies deckod out in all their bravery, citizons, " friends, countrymon, and lovers," all in host attire, and tho sun almost as warm as on a midsummer's day, shining genially on the whole, made up a sight that brought a glow to the cheok, and made the pulso boat faster. " Quoou's weather"-the phraio leapt to ovory lip. Certainly in no part of Hor Majesty's vast dominions was tho joyous celebration of hor jubileo ob- servad under moro delightful and auspicious conditions than boro in tho capital of Tas- mania. Tho Governor took his place on the platform in tho centro near tho front. Ho was in ordinary civilian dress, and woro on lils breast the Maltcso cross of a Knight Commander of tho Bath. Among thoso prosont wore tho Bishops of Tasmania (Dr. Sandford) and Hobart (Dr. Murphy) ; His Worship tho Mayor (Aldorman Har bottlo), Aldermen Crisp, Dillon, Hiddlcstono, Arnott, and Roynolds ; tho Town Clerk (Mr. W. H. Smith) ¡ Mr. .Instlco Adams ; tho Prämier (Hon. P. O. Fysh); tho Minister of Lands (Hon. E. N. O. Braddon); tho Treasurer (Hon. B. S. Bird) ; tho Attorney General (Hon. A. I. Clark) ; tho Hon. W. Crosby, M.L.O.; tho Hon. W. H. Burgess, M.H.A.; Colonel St Hill and Mossrs. Fitz- gerald, Bolbin, and Crisp, M.sH.A.; tho Revs. Archdeacon Davenport, J. G. Millard, G. W. Shorp, Maclaren Webster, J. B. W. Woollnougb, M. W. Gillernn, 0. A. Sheohy, and Bernard Murphy ; the Master Warden (Mr. F. H. Wiso); Messrs. B. J. Beadon, James Harcourt, Justin Browne. J. B. Walker. Tho childron, under the conductorship 'of Mr. W.l J. .J.,Hoynolds, ian«, tha National Anthem, and gave (bree cheers for the Queen. After this addresses were presented to the Governor to forward to Hor AInjcsty from the aldermen and citirens of Hobart, the aldermen and citizens of Launceston, the Church of England in 'Tas- mania, tho Roman Catholics of Tasmania, tho Wesloyan Methodists, tho Congregational Uuion, tho Ancient Order of Oddfollows, tho MtU. Order of Oddfollows, Loyal Orangu Lodgo, Ancient Outer of Druida. These addresses wero presented in each case with a fow loyal wishes, and accepted by tho Go- vernor with on oaauranco of tho pleasure It would givo him to forward thom on to Hor Majesty. ' ' ' ' 1 ho (Mayor thon ndvancod to the front of tho platform, and said : Beforo wo disperso, I call upon all present to givo Huco cheers for His Excellency tho Governor. (Prolonged chcorihg).^ f t I i. i ,' His Excellency: I1 .thank you'vory much for thoso hoarty cheers, and I ban'only' tell you that in the report which !I shall >sond Homoi to i the Secretary of State to bo laid befoioithe Queen, I shall hardly find words, strong enough to express, tho feelings which have, actuated tho people lloi-o/ dud the way' iii iwhtch they have given 'expression to thom. I thank you for thu' cheers lyon» havo given for myself, but the cheers yon havo gtVon foi' tho Queen (now in ¿hoi Jif tioth,, year, of ,1'ol rolgn) will leinain and ring,in your cars us long as you live. Atid jhiu, children, who will bo",tho moil and,""woinen ofntlio tuturo wljon w o older ones have passed away, I hopo yoli wlil always romotnbor this day and look back upon it, and consider that it waa a prtvilogo to havo taken riart in this .glorious demonstration. (Cheers'.) , During tho morning Air. Haywood and hia mon wero husy in building mounds of enkos on tables placed'on each side of.tho marquée Soma ladies and gentlemen who had volun- teered their services, were similurly,ouiployed in erecting miniatura mountains of apples and oranges, in rcadinesä , for thu' children when they should 'arrive. .' The marquee was visited by a good n'unibor of persons wliilo the preparations wura'going on,'und surprise was generally oxiiruasod that such aniiiimeiiso amount of comestibles bud been provided., Entering on' the sido nearest the platform; oach child was first'presented with a medal, then passing on tlioy received a euko, further on again a small paper, bag containing an oraiu/o andan apple, and thon the youngs! 01 s wore hustled outside. Tho crush was severo. Tho' Mayor arid Aira. Hiirbottlo undortook tho 'distribution''of tho ineilnls¡ Aldermen Davies and Roynolds, with Messrs. Harcourt and ' olhcr gentlemen, dealt, out.tho cake, while Bovoralother gentlemen gave away thu fruit, and Afcssrs, E., Hawson and C. W. S. James, with 'others, passed the children on as thoy wero served. His Excellency tho Governor, with Lady Hamilton and s ititc, were tho first to naas through, and took up a position near tho placo of ogress, where thoy watched tho proceodhicrs for a timo. It is hard to stato the number of children prcsont, but the number'of cukes distributed was 7,000, and of apples, oranges, and medals tho same. '1 ho cakes weighed 8oz. each, con- sequently their combined weight was 'li tons (bakor'a tons), und thoy wero wrapnod in Bilvered pupor, on which waa (Inly em- blazoned Hie fact that .within waa a presenta- tion jubileo cake, that Air. Charles Har bottlo was Mayor of Hobart, and that tho dato of presentation was Juno 22,' 1887. Tho medals, which wera about tho size of a shill- ing, havo tho hoad of Her Majesty on ono side, with " Victoria's Jubilee, 1887, around it ; on tho lovorso'sido thora is a very fair re- presentation of thu Town Hall, Hobart. In tho evening many of tho plncos in the city wero again illuminated, und there was a brilliant pyrotechnic lisplay in the Domain, which was witnessed by. the Goverm r and Lady Hamilton and 25,000 peoul'-. S voral submarine mines wera exploded ni the river in front of tho Quean'« bat tory by the Tor-1 pedo Corns, by tho aid of electric connec- tions. There was also a grund ¡Humiliation of the fircboll tower, and a torchlight . pro- cession of the brigade uro md the city and out to tho Domain. At Launceston there '? was a somewhat aimilai procession of volunteers, Friendly Societies, civic authorities, and citizens, who marched through 'tho town to the Depot grounds whero Air. It. Carter laid tho foundation s'nno of tho Museum and Art Gatlory. Tho illumination of the town in the ovening was a failure owing to the wet weather which prevailed. Noxt day there waa a long procession of children, who marched from Market Square to Windmill Hill, whero thoy sang tho National Anthem. In tim evening, tho woathar boin« favour, .alilo, the town waa brilliantly illuminated, and there waa ogrand pyrotechnic display in the Town Park, and a hand concert furnished by St. Joseph's Band. , In bach of the centres of tho various country districts tho jubileo was celebrated in somo fitting manner by processions, sports, and feasts, tho children in many cases form- ing Hie chief feature of the celebration, as thoy did in the tvi'o towna. On the'nightof tho 23rd there was a jubilee ball at Government House, for which great preparations had been made, and, notwith- standing tbo very unfavourable weathorw hich sot in again as soon as tho two official cele- bration days had terminated, the affair was a pronounced aucceas. The dancing space Was greatly added to by making a second ball room out of tho drawing-room, and Air. i C. D. Haywood, who did tho'catoring, bad provided for tho wants of an immense nssem blngo with tho greatest tasto and complete- ness. Nino hundred guests woio invited, including many who resido in tho country, and oven at tho other end of tho island. A good number who lived fur away wero unable to accept invitations, and not a fow who lived nearer wero urevenled hy tho wretched stato of tho weather which prevailed from sundown yesterday on till lato at night. At half-past 8 tho early guests commenced to arrive, but tho great stream was botween 9 and 10 when tho Domain-road was as lively as tho way to Elwick on a race day, At that time tho string of vehicles waiting their turn to draw up at thu en tranco stretched right away down tho carringo drive for 200yds. His Excellency and Lady Hamilton received their guosts in the drawing-room, und tit 9'H0 the dancers' proccoded to tho ballroom. By this timo tliero woro about 500 guests present, and another hundred arrived by 10 o'clock. At tho north ,011(1 of tho ballroom tho not mado up for tho opening quadrille was as follows :-rHis Excolloncy tho .Governor and Mrs. P. O. Fysh, having visa i»'.vMr. Justlco Adams and Lady Hamilton ; Captain < Sin- clair and Miss Sandford, having vis à vis tho Mayor (Mr. Chas. Harbottlo), and Miss Hamilton. 'At tho sidas tho Hon. P. O. Fysh duneed with Mrs. Bright, with the Hon. E. N. C. Braddon and Mrs. Cecil Youl wf» (I »/'* ; whiloMr. n. W. B. Robin- son and Miss, Icely had Captain Wal lack and Miss Harvey vis à vis. Tho music was furnished by Mr. J. Brown's Vico-Rcgal Band, which formed, linder their conductor, an efficient' and well-balanced orchestra, comprising tho following instruments :-Two first violins, second violin, viola, cornet, piano, doublo bass, clariouot, and Iluto. Following the custom now adopted abroad, no programmes ware issuod, but cards con- taining tho order of dances were posted up in tho ballroom. Prior to the opening dance the orchestra played " Tho Queen's Jubilee March," a composition dedicated to Hor Majesty, which had somo merit in it. Tho following ¡s a list of tho dances with the music :-Part I.-Quadrille. Zillie Duke ; waltz, " Parthenia ;" waltz,'* Sonnonschon j" polka, " Ida ;" waltz, " Sweetest of all ;" lancers. Madame Angot ; waltz, " Maid of tho mill ;" waltz, " Loving hearts ;.' polka, " Jolly blacksmith ;" waltz, " Fairy voices." Part li.-LancorB, Girofle Girofla ; waltz, Mikado ; galop. La Mascotte ;" waltz, " Soo Saw ;" polka. Carte blanche ;" quadrille, Patience ; waltz, lioccaecio ; waltz, " River of yoars ;" lancors, " United service ;" waltz, " Estudiantina." In the waltz which followed the opening quadrillo it was noticeable that the ball-room was inconveniently crowded for the poetry of motion, but thoso who loved a danco most of all soon found that it was to bo obtained with more comfort in tho second room, and the forethought which suggested the dis- mantling of the drawing-room was mani- fested. Faces grow happier and eyes brighter as the excitement began to tell. The ex- treme boauty of tho room, and tho glitter of tho superb chaiidoliors, was a fitting en- vironment for the graceful costumes of the ladioa, wlnlo tho sombre malo attire was relieved hero and there by the scarlet uniforms of tho military guests. Tho ludios' dresses woro decidedly chaste, displaying much more tasto than brilliancy of colour. Tho mora strikinc dresses were a fair porcontago of brocaded silk and velvet robos in maroon, dark crim- son, dark blue, and dark groen, and some brighter colours workod into black costumes. But tho majority woro white and cream silks and satins, with rich laces and muslins of similar colours, while elderly ladies affocted black velvet and a liberality of black lace. The onjoymont appeared to increase as time woro on, and no thought was given amidst tha artificial sunshino of smiles and pleasant iiiriound ings to tho rough night which roignod out- side. Nor was it on tho danco alono that happiness was found to reign. Tha vary adäquate provision that had boon made for a confidential chat, or a softer interchango of sentimont in partial privacy, und tho cosy little partios that were found in the card rooms and drawing-rooms of more sedate peoplo who'" preferred whist to tha mazy j labyrinth of the iani3i»~ or t»o senBuous motion of a waltzwlth'.its far-n-'w°y dreamy 'music, soon .mode many peoplo .happy and ?elf-contented, whilo leaving more' room for the enthusiastic dancers, whose ««.vi»Mtion " is to go through the programme wit' \j a com' píete ongagoment. Tho attendants were alert and quietly attentivo, and liad numerous demands made upon their activity asi tho night .woro -on,! particularly in, tho re- freshment room, and at the long buffet in tho passage. 'J'hpy 'woro assisted, by the mon of tho Permanent Artillory,' who wore not only on duty at tho entrance] but! were' stationed at the doors and passages to keop tho former open and, direct tho way., At a quarter past 11 tha first section mado its I way to tho suppor room. His 'Excellency conducting, on his 'arm,' Mrs.' P. Oi' Fysh,' Mr." Braddon-Lady Hamilton,' mid" Mr. Bird-Mrs. A.il. Clark. I Tho table ,looked particularly brilliant.iwitb its »parkio and, decorations, and- presented Han imposing «cono whan tho first visitors took their scats 1 thoro; His Hxcolloncy'propoicd the health of "Hor Majesty'' in aA-cry fow words, and mudo roforonco to the telegrams rocotved in tho 'afternopn convoylag, tho satisfactory intelligence that tho proceedings at West- minster Abbey ' had,; passed off without accident, nlid'wilh most pi onounccd succesi.' As tho'firat'vtsitoi's to the silppov table ro turncd to tho. ballroom, i and tim stream of othor guosls took, their places, tha nrrango . monts for tho aiconfand dosccjit of the, stair- cases, p)evented,any'incónveniont press or delay .'tfo'that tho'Jiupper'room was steadily .visited for an hour and a half, during which oiorybilo who dosired tit'lind ampio refresh-. I mont.. »Shortly before midnight, dancing was rewinoçl again, aiul,} kept up . with uudi 1 niinisdiod vigourfor(ano^horlionr, when thoio j whoso hiclfnation, prompted 'them te rotiro 1 homo at an early'liour commenced to call for tlloir carriages. > ' ' < 