BOOKHAUPTON MUBIQIPAL COUNCIL. The fortnightly meeting of this Council was held on Thursday afternoon. Present :— The Mayor, and Aldermen Williamson, Hartley, Bream, Williams, and Higson. WTVTTTPJS. The minutes of the last meeting were read and confirmed. 00EEESPOKUESCE. The Secretary of the Port Curtis and Leich hardt Districts Hospital wrote drawing atten turn to tiie continued scarcity of water at that ioatatstaon. For forty- eight hours tbe special ward, which was at a lower level than the main building, was without a drop. He hoped a remedy would be applied, as water was an «»w-nti») in tbe treatment of tbe sick.— It was decided to inform the writer that when the work contemplated was finished, the Council wonia be able to keep the reservoir ML Then the Hospital would have a better supply. A letter was received from the Secretary of the Rockbampton Gas and Coke Company saying the lighting power of the Jubilee lamp had been reduced in accordance with the Council's request. Nineteen ratepayers of Fitzroy Ward, ' re siding in West-street and summnding dis tricts,' petitioned the Council to erect a bridge over the Main Drain in the street named. — It was agreed to inform the petit ioners that as soon as the bridge over the drain in William-street was removed, their request would be acceded to. Mr. Alexander Reid asked tile Council titatafewloads of metal and screenings might be laid on the footpath opposite his bouse in Derby-street, near Ueorge-sbeet — To be at tended to. Mr. John O'Bourke, of George-street, wrote asking to have a few loads of gravel placed on the footpath fronting his residence, —To be attended to. Among the outward correspondence was a letter to the Gogango Divisional Board, signed by the Mayors of Rockhampton aud Kozth Bockhampton, asking that foody to bear a Bhare of tbe expense of maintaining the Fitzroy Bridge. There was also a com. munication to the Chief Secretary upon the delay in r'=jhing the new Immigration Bar racks fit for occupation, which concluded as follows : — *' The old gaol has now been un occupied for some years, and is becoming the haunt of the larrikin element of the popula tion, and is therefore being put to a use quite opposed to the object of its erection, viz., the suppression of vice. May 2 suggest that the materials of tbe L-nilding be sold and removed, and that tbe site be either disposed of or devoted to some useful public purpose.' BEPOBTS. The Works Committee nromtnfflidftd that notification be given to the landlords or owners of the buildingB known as Tricketfs Hotel, the Commercial Bank, East-street, the Custom House, and Shaw's Chamber of Com merce to repair the footpaths opposite such Tfiyniia^i— — fiwftjyp*^ The Water Supply Committee reported that they had considered tbe application made fay the lessee of the 'Baths to alter the times when that institution would be open to ladies, but could not recommend any alteration. They would advise the Council, howev.T, to allow Mr. Cheetham to rue the Baths one hour a week for the ladies' swimminf dub.— Received. The Finance Committee reconurvided the payment of several accounts in clnding £220 Us. 3d. for the wages of day-men. They hid considered Mr. F. Kil ner'fi npnlinatinn for a remission of the lutes chanted on bin property is Denbam-ctFeet, sod could not recommend compliauice with the request. They had carefully etmnitnvi the statement of rates requiring to be written off. as prepared by tbe Municipal Accountant, and recommended that they be struck off [The amounts to be written off in the several wards are as follow :— Leichhardt, £19 10s.; Archer, £12 4&; Fitzroy. £57 17*. IJd.J— Adopted. The statement of receipts and expenditure for the fortnight ending the 30th ultimo showed the revenue on the general account was £750 4b. 4d., including £50 18s. Sd. on the special loan rates account, while the ex penditure vas only £385 4s. 10-l. Included in the latter was £7 4s., which was apent on the loan account. The income from water rates since the last meeting was £190 lie., and the outlay £78. The bank overdraft amounted to £15,673 14a., and was made as follow* :— General, £4615 la. 2d.; water supply, £11,028 12a, lOd. There being £817 16s. 4d. to the credit of the special loan rates account, and £4240 15a. Id. of the loan vote BtQl unexpended, the Council's indebtedness to the bank is only £10,615 2a, 7d. The Toirn Surveyor reported that the defective corbel on the Fitzroy Bridge had been replaced, and nothing further need be done to that structure until tbe general re pairs were commenced. These, he would urge, should be gone on with as early as possible. The total cost of tbe repairs to date was under £100. The 3 ft tewer in Denham -street was approaching completion, there being only the inlets to be constructed. The whole should be completed by Christmas if the weather remained favourable. The plan of the William -street sewer, together with a report thereon, had been forwarded to the Harbours aud Rivers Department for the approval of the Government, and a& early reply requested. He had made several trial designs for the Talford-street drain, bat before be could arrive at a final decision he would have to make a further surrey, and take contour levels of the block to be drained. He was preparing a plan, now, and the neces sary Burveys would be taken in hand next week. Only a band rail on tbe parapet was required to complete the Wflliam-etreet culvert. This had only been delayed in con' sequence of a difficulty in procuring timber for a rtringer that would stead strict inspec tion- Tbe new earthwork would profit by the delay in removing the bridge, as it would have time to Bettle and consolidate. The Inspector of Nuisances referred in bis report to the slaughter of goats, which was mentioned in yesterday's issue of the Bulletin. He had impounded seventeen horses, cows, &ct; since his last report, and damages had been paid on nine horses and four cows. He had brought under the notice of the Mayor the fact that two new ai^u boards had been erected across the footpaths in East-street without pens baton, and taken steps to pnll down an nnueed and Bomewhat dangerous brick chimney in Quay-street. The engineer in charge of the waterworks, reporting on the 26th ultimo, stated tbe machinery was in good order. The consump tion of water during tbe fortnight had been 4,812,000 gallons, or a daily average of 401,000 gallons. This was exclusive of the amount supplied from the rising main oa the engine side of the meter. The Crescent ttteoon bad fallen Sin. QUESTIONS. A|i3arrpn.n Bbeam asked if it was & fact that some of the men employed on the staff of daymen Zi red outside tbe mnniefpaiity ? He had been told such was the case, and that it was unfair to give employment to non residents when there were resident ratepayers with nothing to do.— The Mayor replied that he could not answer the question. He had never given the thing a thought, and so for as he was concerned a labourer could live where he liked. If Alderman Bream wanted the information, be would get it, and it should be given to him at the next meeting. — Alderman Bbeam Baid be had only raised the point because be had been applied to for work by ratepayers who lived in the town, and who said it was not fair people living elsewhere should have the preference. — The Matob re marked that he had also been interviewed, and the reply he gave then was the same as he would give now, viz., that he did not care where a man lived. Alderman Hartley asked if the Fitzroy Bridge was under the control of e Badge Committee, and the Mayor replying that it was managed by the Bockhampton and North Rockhampton Councils, he (Alderman Hartley) went on to say that the a weepings were thrown into the river. The other day a irentJeman who was ont rowing hid come thrown over him, and it was not very pleasant. Indepen dent of that, it was hardly right the refuse should be cast into the water, as it only served to fill np the channel ; it would be much better, aud very Iilrtle additional expense, to have it taken away. Indeed, any gardener would be only too pleased to cart it far nothing, as he could use it for bis garden. — The M *,y* ,n said that as soon as the matter of cleaning the Bridge was settled, this could be seen to. ADOPTING REPORTS. Alderman Bream moved the adoption of the Works Committee's report, No. 543. . The Committee recommended that eight wooden gratings 4ft Gin. wide be placed at the junctions of William and Bolsover Streets at a cost not exceeding £1 5s. each, and that tenders be called for the construction uf a drain in Quay-lane between Stanley and South Mreeta. — Alderman Hioson seconded. — Alderman Williamson thought tnere was no need to c*ll for tenders for the drain in Quay lane immediately, and suggested that work Bhoold be put off till a later date. He did not want to propose an amendment, or to have the motion altered, bnt merely to have an understanding that the work should remain in abeyance for tbe present- There were many other localities that wanted draining equally as bad, if not worse, than *Mt* and this meant the expendi ture of about £200.— Alderman Higson said he was agreeable to such an understanding. ? The Matob coincided with the views of Aldenran Williamson, but in his opinion it would be better to delay a little bo as to see how the fiUing-up of the lane answered. Moreover, he did not believe in undertaking works of this magnitude just at tbe end of a year, or in committing the new Council to anything. There were three aldermen to retire next year. He was one of the trio, and he might not be back again. The Mayor moved the adoption of the Water r-npply Committee's report. No. 191. The Committee recommended the extension of the water main in West-street as re quested in a petition referred to the Com mittee, and that the Urge reservoir be coated with cement £ in. thick and * covering of tar. They were not prepared to recommend tbe extensions of the water main in South-street as requested by Mr. Henry Mills and others. — Alderman Williams seconded, and the motion was carried. THE FITZROY BRIDGE. The Mayor, explained the reason why tenders had not been called for the redecking and painting of the Fitzroy Bridge, which it was decided, at the last meeting, should be dose. It was because the Mayor of North Bockhampton and be (the speaker) were of opinion that the Gogango Divisional Board should be asked its opinion as to the way the work should be done, seeing it was to be requested to bear a share of the expense. Consequently the calling of tenders had been delayed ; and in the meantime a copy of tbe specifications of the work, accom panied by a letter asking the Board to con tribute to the outlay, had been forwarded to the Board. What the reply would be he did not know, of coarse ; bat as soon as it was re ceived—no matter what it was— tenders would be invited for the work. A SE&IOCS; OVERSIGHT. The Matob mentioned that the Town ClerL had recently received a letter from tbe Secre tary of the Victoria Life and General In surance Company saying that his fidelity bond had lapsed. Since then, however, Mr. Davis had taken out another policy in the New Zealand Company, for £500. He had men tioned this because he had discovered, on making inquiries, that though Mr. Campbell, the Accountant, was three years ago ordered to find ft surety In the sum tf £300* he had not yet done so. Seeing that this had occurred ao long ago, he did not feel justi fied in calling on that gentleman to enter into the bond now, but it aldermen were of the same opinion as (heir predecessors were three yeara ago, he would see that the thing was done. As Mr. Davis and Mr. Foram the Revenue Collector., were bound over, it was only right Mr. CampbeU should also euter into e. bond, because he had as much control over the money as Mb colle&gues.; At the time Mr. Campbell and Mr. Foran were asked to find sureties there were good reasone for so doing ; ex tensive defalcations bad just been dii covered, and it was very desirable theConncfl should be protected from siinilar occurrences in the future, — It wme the unanimous opinion of aldermen that the Accountant should stand on the same footing as his colleagues, and the Mayor stated he would ask him to find a surety for £300. &IGVBOARDS; OVER THE FOOTPATHR. ' Alderman Wjxlxauso2-~, referring to the Inspector of Nuisances1 report, said that one of the signboards spoken of by that officer was next to the European Hotel. It had been placed there by Messrt. Kirby Brothers early one morning — about five or six o'clock. At any rate, it waa up by six o'clock, before most people were out of bed. It was painted black, aud »as on a level with the hoards of the other drapers in the same etreet. It spoilt the hotel verandah, and he thought it done, that it should be interfered with in tills way. The Mayor Bhould see that the tiling was removed, and if that was not done he should more that all the boards in the town be removed.— The Mayor : Make a motion. — Alderman Williamsok moved that the Mayor require Messrs. Kirby Brothers to re move the board. It was tacitly agreed five years ago that no new boards eliould be allowed to be pot under the verandahs, and that those then in position should only remain until the verandahs were rebuilt.'— Alderman Beeam seconded the motion, and it was agreed to. MISCELLANEOUS. In reply to a question, the Tows Clerk said the contracts for the supply of timber and ironmongery had ran out on the 31st of October. It was decided not to call for fresh tenders, there being little prospect of the Council requiring to make extensive purchases Owing to the absence of two members of the General purposes Committee, and the omission of notice from the 'orders of tire day,' the adoption of that Committee's last report was deferred. In that document the Committee stated they had considered the correspondence with the Gas Company re lative to the aopply and erection of twenty meter lamps, and r^Trn m**' A ^ the Council to pay the Company for euch of the lamps as had been erected in accordance with the Committee's recommendation of the 7th of September. They bad considered the question of providing carts to collect rubbish from the premises of ratepayers, and recommended — in thje. interest of the sanitary condition of the mojBsS 'thickly populated parts of the town — that a cart be employed to collect refuse from premises within an area extending from Qaay- street to Deaison-street, and from Archer street to South -street— in Bolsover-street the cart to proceed as far as North-street, and In East-street as fur as Wood-street, tbe rubbish to be placed by the occupiers of premises in boxes or ca&es; along the kerb of the footpath, such cases not to exceed a cube of 2ft.; no charge to be made for the removal of the rufc bish. They estimated the cost of the service would not exceed £5 a week. Alderman W^zluams again referred to tbe dangerous character of the gratings now being laid down over the inlets of the new sewers, and suggested they should be replaced by iron structures placed flush with the kerbing, — No decision was arrived at on the subject. This concluded the business of the m^^tj'^. Some thirty -Bevec years ago, when Jong Bahadur, tbe Kepaulese Bismarck, visited England, be inspected tbe 93rd Highlanders, which in those days consisted of a magni ficent body of men. Jung Bahadur was so much struck with their physique and martial bearing that he, in sober seriousness, ex pressed & wish to buy the Grenadier com pany. The Danish steamer Morso arrived at Copen hagen on Wednesday, 19th October, having in tow the Russian schooner Johannes, on which a most horrible tragedy bas occurred. Tbe Morso, steaming dawn the Baltic, sighted She »t once bore down upon the Johannes, but on approaching it seemed to those on deck that the Bchooncr was deserted. No one was to be seen, and when tbe Mor&o;'s crew hailed there was no reply. The Danish captain then had a boat loHtroJ, and its crew boarded the lying badly wounded and utrconscioas. He proved to be tbe mite of the vessel. On further search a sailor was discovered securely tied band and foot with ropes. He was wild not immediately released. The exploring party succeeded in restoring tbe wounded mate to consciousness, when be related a terrible story. A day or two previously, he said, the seaman, who vas then tied with ropes hatpin a fit of apparent frenzy, run amuck amongst the crew, whom he slew right and left. The captain and the five hfl-nd*? had fallen victims to his sudden attack, and having all been butchered were thrown overboard by the murderer. The mate had had a terrible struggle with him ; but, more fortunate than his comrades, had succeeded in overpowering him aud binding him. He was, however, bidly wounded in tbe conflict, and became nncoDBciotts from loss of blood. The Motbo'b crew kept the prisoner in close custody, and brought the vessel to Copenhagen. 