LOOKING FOR WORK. to Tim editor of the Brisbane Courier. Sir,- With your kind permission I will give my experience as a swagman looking for work. For some time past the cry of the unemployed was, " Where are we to get work!" whilst the Government reply was "Farmers could not get men." To find out which of these assertions was correct, it was necessary to have practical ex- perience, and I accordingly went, saw, and heard for myself. In the end of November (just the busy time with farmers) I left Brisbane for Ipswich and Harrisville. On arriving at the latter place I was surprised at the number of men out of employment, most of whom came there with the expectation of getting work on the railway. On making inquiries I found all the gangers were full-handed, and one boss told me he had that day turned away over thirty men ; but as my object was to find out the state of the farming districts with regard to labour, I lost no time in rolling up my drum, purchasing a billy, and getting fairly on the wallaby. I proceeded about a mile when I met a fine sturdy young fellow who had been unsuccessful in getting on the railway, and was trying the farmers for work. I told him I was on a similar errand to himself, and if he wished to accompany me he could have half of the few shillings I had left. He quickly consented, and we there and then became mates. In a short time we were over the district convenient to Harrisville, calling at Normanby station, still unsuccessful. Next day wo started for Fassifern station, not missing any likely house on our way. On arriving there we went immediately to see the manager ; asked for a job. "Go to Brisbane and stop there; you fellows are good for nothing only turning Queen street into a dirty spitting-place," was the surly reply. We cleared out, taking the road to Dugandan and Coochin Coochin, asking for work all along, being still answered in the negative. Wenext headed for Killarney. There we were successful in getting four days work scrub burning at 10s. per acre. This finished, we made tracks for Warwick, via Canning Downs ; but no man would give us anything to do, their reply being usually "We have not enough to do for ourselves." (I may here men- tion that my mate thoroughly understood all sorts of farm work.) Our next district was Allora, where the farmers were kicking up such a row about the scarcity of men. We expected here they would be very glad to see a swagman, and willing to give him fair wages ; but to our great surprise, on reaching Glengallan station, we found eleven travellers coming from that district. Addressing one young fellow, who had come from Toowoomba, I asked "Is it possible you could not get work, without coming all this way?" "I spent a week between here and Toowoomba, calling at Drayton and Allora, and was not offered work at any price," was his astonishing reply. Determined to find out the plain facts, I asked my friend to accompany me through these dis- tricts. He did so, and on arrival at the first township on the top of the range I could only give the same astounding reply as was given to me a few days before -no work. We went to the Immigration Agent, but he could not tell us where to go. At thiss juncture my companion expressed a wish that he would like to go to Dalbydilla if he could procure a pass. I went with him to the police-magistrate to ask that gentleman if he would give one. He simply told him he issued over twenty passes and they were all glad to get back alive. In the face of this warning, of course, he did not press for the ticket. Next morning we set out on our return to Bris- bane ; on reaching Gatton we went by Sandy Creek, and arrived at Laidley on the 23rd Decem- ber, I886, with the same result as before. We spent our Christmas in that German-Danish. Anglo-Saxon district. After the holidays my friend left me, being thoroughly disgusted and heartsick travelling amongst the "cockies." But as my mission was for information I made up my mind to interview the Laidleyites. I travelled eighteen miles up one side of the creek and came down the other, with the result that if I went that way in a couple of months I would get a few days work; this kind offer was made to me by a Dane. I was much amused by two young fellows I met; giving their experience of farm labouring. One engaged for a fortnight, and when he asked where he, was going to sleep he was told he could camp in Denis's hut, and Denis would have to sleep out whilst he was there. " Don't disturb anyone for me" said the labourer but the boss replied, "It will do Denis no harm to sleep out." When the young man went to turn in the boss went in before him and turned out a huge black pig, whoo was no other than the much-wronged Denis. The other young man worked three months for a farmer, and at the expiration of the time, was asked if hie would take pumpkins for his money, as he had no cash. New Year's Eve found me in Bundanba. Next day my progress was slightly- delayed by an incident which appeared in your columns pre- viously. On leacluug tho Srv-Milo Bringo I went oil the load to li ive .< spell IToio I vi as joimd bj the Geiunn who iftei«tuais committed suicidi bj cutting his tin ait when he, iouud bo was about to bo biought to justice foi forgeij Itnppcu» the police wanted anotliu in m on a Mimbil chingo Mi Houp, of the Lull s Held Hotel, Ipswich, jftcr uleutrtjmg tho unfoi túnate Gerin in, pouited to mo, md i HA tho eoustible I v\as the othei min I w is undo piisonoi, md taken back foi identification, and lound to bo nothing like 'the man Disappointment shone ovei the colinton tuco of tho bia' liddio fine the land o' cikcs' who m usted me, w lulst Mi Ho ira, w ho identified mo ¡is tho missing se uni) v ,3 full ot apologies foi his mistikc 1 quietl) oxiusid fliein, li id u dunk with Mi Hone bid tliun good din, und soon left Ips v iib behind 1 w ould v\ mi ill vouug men pissing tliiou"h lpswnh (piiitiinhiilv if joui nioustaihi bo the coloiti of mini) to «by ikai of the vouug Scotch pticloi and tin Bull's He.nl piopnotoi To lotiiin to the laboui cpiestion I went norn fiom Goodui to the Logan thence on to Been- leigh (nom whoio I noys vvntc), but tho nj w is still "nothing doing" TUns pi ice is ciowded with men waiting to got a slut fiom the gem ii Goigi Baslvfoid, 01 the pool m m's fneild ind sometimos uldic sod b) the navvies as fithu " Such, sir, is tho sttto of the sont il distinta ovei whiih I hayo ti ivoiled Without the sbglitest ixaggu itton I would s*i) there no thieo times us m mj men looking foi woil imuowoik in0 iiiduinoout ot eveij «.ii Imit wiiepeuniliss lu one eise 1 metiijouiigminb nifoole I who li id ti imped Hie boots of lu» teet I give linn n pin out ot mj sw ig Ho s nil ho hoped he w ould git woik bitoie they would be wout All the havelleis I met told in» th it the finnois would lit a mau d10 befoio thej would Oivo thom a bit to c it, adding "the suitions mid towns mo the onlj pi ices at which w o can ¿it auj tnikei ' In the lace of all this I c innot sie how i ij Go venimeut cm conscientiously mduco young mon to le ive good homes and como to tins counti", to bog iiudsluivc-it is biinplj ciuel-it is vuon.rfo do so I would wain tho Govi liimuit tig mist pij liigany nttiution to tho iaimois cij loi moie laboui tin ippc ii is a fal c one i used foi then ow n selfish ends J ho eockntoo of Qtieensl md is i man vv bo w is misoiublo md st nv nig m the old coimtij and lia is little bottei ni tins Ho is not ablotopij foi lihom, still hi wants men tobo sitishcdto woik fifteen hours a div nt 2d p°i lioiu , bolus t limed tlio Inborn ci ngumst lum and most of tlicm would as boon stnivo iswoik foi lum li bo wants laboui dour he must make a gi i it ibango in his trc ituiuit of men 1 w ould iiitamly say no min should bo asked to go to woik bifon 7 o ilock mil not aftoi 0 Winn thoj hen of istiimei coming in the) flock to the depot to lchovo tin Government oí the nunn giants mid whiu thej hive tlnm a few da) s turn them on tho load Suih a stale of things is Eiiuplv, ittful, Mid must bo puf nu md to vnv, soon I intend soon to inako imotli'-i tom aniongbt the funnels, foi now that I bay o found ont suth iitscttblj bimg cn ned on I nu ni to vvafcli the cocl y and c\poso his liicsxi) Apologising foi tuspnsoing on join veij valuable space, -I am, sir, Sic, J. K. AS A SWAGMAN. Beenleigh, 13th Juuuniy. 