G e rm a n S e ttle r s ­and Immigration Mr. J . H amilton, M.H.A., introduced a deputation of German settlers to the Premier yesterday. The deputation con- sisted of Messrs Kalbfell, Klug, Jager, Schone, Koerbin, Sceger, Rometsch, and others. In introducing the deputation Mr Hamilton said that they had been made to understand that in t e Government Immigration scheme no account had been taken of their nationality. They were jealous of their position as colonists, and desired to receive the same consideration from the Government which Englishmen received.—Mr Buck acted as interpreter.—M r J . Kalbfell said that if the Government did not vote a sum of money for immigration they desired nothing, but if money was voted for that purpose they should be placed on the same footing as others, as there were many German colonists who had friends at home they wished to bring out.—M r Buck then read the following resolution which was proposed by M r J . Kalbfell at a recent meetirg of the German and Danish colonists : "T hat if Parliament votes any money for assisting friends and former fellow-workers in the field or farm a t home, to come out and join the recent arrivals, we German, Danish, etc, settlers, who have done our fair share towards the development of this colony, and consider ourselves certainly no less Tasmanians than any that have come from the United Kingdom or other parts of the world, to join tbe ranks of Tasmanian colonists, respectfully suggest that we should have an equal share with B ritish bom or native colonists.’’— G. Klug said that such a long time had elapsed, owin g to want of funds, since many of the German and Danish had asked to bring out friends, that he thought that previous nominations should be transferred to other individuals, if the oiginal parties nominated were not now prepared to avail themselves of the privilege. He also advocated that the immigration should be conducted under proper supervision, so as to keep up the standard of efficiency.—M r A. Jager suggested that as many of the recent arrivals should be allowed to address the Government in their own language when needful, to their wishes and requirements. This method was adopted on the Continent in regard to Englishmen and other strangers. He advocated emigration from the widely different provinces of the Continent as essentially necessary to carry out the idea of the " communities ent" embracing small lfarming, orcharding. fishery, fishcuring,etc.—The Premier said that he had taken much interest in immigration for some year- past, having associated with the Immigration Board, and as a member of it he had had pleasure in witnessing tbe arriveal from to time, of a class of Europeans whose presence amongst us was always hailed with satisfaction. He hoped tbat their settlement in Tasmania had been satisfactory to themselves as it bad been the community at large. Not only were they settled extensively on the land, but many of our most capable tradesmen also belonged to the German nationality, but when they met them in tbe street they did not regard them as Germans, but as Tasmanians. When they took out their papers of naturalisation they were no longer Germans, and be hoped they would dismiss from tbeir minds any idea of nationality. The Government would not recognise any difference between a Tasmanian born, and a German, and any privileges which the English enjoyed in this community they had a right to come and demand. If, therfore, the Government proposed in the coming session of Parliament to continue assisted immigration, it certainly would not be to the exclusion of the families and friends of the Germans, Danes, or other nationalities who had settled in our midst. The grievance complained of was, therefore, removed at once. In tbe present condition of tbe colony Ministers thought they bad been going a little too fast; they did not want another batch of Gcrmans or Englishmen to follow too rapidly the backs of those who had preceded them during the last two or three years. They wanted to see all those already settled here thoroughly well employed at good wages before introducing a further number. They knew that just now the community was not in the thriving condition it should be, but ministers, by " watchingg the tone of the labor market, would be able to see when there was an opening for more immigrants, and when that time came there would be no difference of nationalities, as far as the Government was concerned. He might say that if any of them had relatives at home whom they had left behind with a kind of half promise that they would be speedily seat for, b y getting a nomination ticket from the Government, they had only to establish their case-and they had a very pertinacious agent in M r Buck—and the Government would regard it as a breach of faith not to assist them. During the coming session there would be a small sum put on the Estimates for the nominee system of immigration, and it would only be available for the purpose of meeting such cases as he had alluded to. It would accordingly be their own fault if they had left friends at home , and did not get them out. under this system.— Mr Hamilton thanked the Premier for his reception and the deputation withdrew. tiutelti roocnl to to* Dandelion Ale, (nonalooLolu. vhlrih bn* ffniuod eaob n pnecess in 1 Au*tr«lifl.n Ontario* j nUo; to lib newly arrival ‘mportod vines and spirits direct from Europe, riuebbe retail* nt wholesale l»ri««for oaeb ouly. See ndvortlMiaoDta iu Tuesday's, OTiandny’*, and Saturday's paper*,—0. Nicholu Proprietor, Telephone, IBS, A ' R eward ’ foe tbs H ospital N urses.—From a discussion that took place a t the HoBpi'al Board yesterday, it appears that that there is a movement on root to make a presentation to those heroic young women who have fought the terrible typhoid scourge in the Hospital wards. Dr. P«i-kms introduced tt question by asking in what relation (he board stood to the movement. Smart, in reply, said (hat ihe appeal was made to the public, and (he subscriptions would be entirely voluntary. The nurses preferred medals to any other form of presentation. I t was intended thui medals abould be presented to those who bore the burden aud heat of the day from January until now, but these nurses engaged from Melbourne for a special purpose wou'd not be included. They would include, however, probationeors iroper, and altogether there wou'd be .is(ributed2lor22 medals of 18 carat gold _t was proposed th at the sisters should be presented with a larger medal, and those for the 14 nurses would be a trifle iesB. There were also three or four young f r-males who joined the staff on two months' trial, but had continued their services. I)r. . Perkins said lie did not how they could separate (his movement from the management of the board. to allow out-ider • give emoluments to nurses w&b; against all discipline. He would not, however, be opposed to (he nurses getting medals, but thought al' that all the staff would get medals. Dr. Perkins thought the nurses who came from Melbourne and Sydney at the ri»k of their ht&llh; should be included in the number to receive an award ; aho, that the scrubbers and cleaners be reengmsed. The Chairman Baid tbat they could not be included uuder the Bamc head, as they were here to-day and away to*morrow. Dr. B utler said that the ward maids had done hard work, almost as hard work as es, end it would be a great shame if they were not rewarded in somo way. They bad ia assisting ibe nurses done more than their duly, and he did sot think subscribers would object to their being included. TheChairman said that £130 had been subscribed, and it was estimated that the medals would cost £107. A fter paying incidental expenses there would be a balance of about £20 surplus money. He suggested tbat the surplus might be spent in rewarding the nursemaids, if the public did not object. The meeti g approved of this suggestion, and also of what had been done. Dr. Perkins suggested that Dr. Smart pin the medals on the nurses. Tbe subject dropped. 