11 NEirS BY THE AMERICAN MAIL. The following items of news, brought by the San Francisco mail, are from the S. M. Herald: UNITED STATES. New York, December 15. Five insurance companies here received from Charleston, S. C, yesterday a communication from a special committee of builders and architects, embodying the results of a thorough inspection of the buildings in that city injured by the recent earthquake, many of which are insured in companies in this and other Northern cities. They inspected in "SB 8000 building.". They found 90 per cent of those, built of brick, more or less damaged, while fortune buildings suffered only from falling chimneys, cracked plaster- ing, and injured foundations. The factories and mills all suffered more or less, but churches as a class suffered more than other edifices. Not 100 chimneys out of 14,000 escaped damage, and 98 per cent of these 14,000 were broken off' at the roof and went to the ground. Baltimore, December 17. The Sun has the following special from Columbia, S.O. The efforts to enrol the coloured people in the Knights of Labour have caused much bitter feeling on the part of farmers. To protect the farmers against the organisation of the coloured people labouring on their plantations, The Senate has passed, by a large majority, and the House will doubtless make it a law, a bill making it a conspiracy, punishable by line and imprisonment, to interfere between employer raitt employed in any contract, whether written or verbal. The possibility of a strike at the cotton-picking time, when the whole crop of the State would be lost if not properly gathered, was the principal argument used together with the declaration that if a strike occurred among the negroes much more blood would be spilled than last summer in Chicagonnd'St. Louis. Charleston (S.C), December last week ago the News and Courier published a despatch from "York County, S.O., reporting that a white boy named John Leo Qoocl had been so beaten and mangled that he soon died, and that four coloured men had been nrrcstediisnturderors and committed to gaol. It was stated that the theory was that some of the negroes had been detected by the boy in the act of stealing cotton from his father's field, and thunder prevent their arrest they killed him. There was great excitement in the county in consequence, and several more arrests were made. The Aries and Courier, to got (the facts, Beat a special correspondent to York, and will pubiitiitlioresultof his investigations. Hamlyn that there iscvidontlyan inhuming state of affairs in York county, and it is probable that an organisation exists among the coloured people which contemplates murder in the event of the detection of any member accused of a crime. Twenty-six negroes are under arrest. The inquest an Uto body of the murdered boy before a jury brought out all the facts. One of the negroes turned State's evidence, and another admitted that he had killed a man who was found murdered in the commy eighteen months ago. Several of the coloured witnesses at the inquest swore distinctly that they had a club in. the county for Um purpose of stealing cotton, provisions, whisky, in. The members were to steal whatever they wanted, and if detected were sworn to kill the person who detected them. The club had different names., but was generally known as " The Rising Star Lodge, No. 21, offices Grand United Order of National Labourers and the Political Society ed' North America." The charter came from Charlotte, N.C., and is dated December, 1884. The charter, however, would seem to show that the society had only benevolent and fraternal objects. Among; other things revealed at the inquest was a pint to waylay wealthy men who had money. One of the witnesses gave a detailed account of the murder of the poor boy, John Lee Good, and also the names of his accomplices in the crime. Talk of a general lynching has abated, but the indignation and unrest are intense. Chicago, December 17. The Times' Bismarck (J). T.) special says A report reaches here from the BadLands that an immense geyser of life was discovered in that region yesterday. Two hunters were startled by seeing a blur) of Bro shoot up over 100ft., and for an hour the flames, which came roaring through the crust of the earth, rose over 30ft. in the air. The snow was not told about the place for a quarter of a mile, and the effect upon the atmosphere was quite perceptible. For a year there have been burning coal veins in the Bad Lands, but never until now have they developed any explosive symptoms. Scientists who have travelled over this region have accounted for the strange formation by the supposition that at one time the entire area was an immense colliboi!, which became ignited through some internal cause, and as it burned away the crust of the earth fell in. This theory has been strengthened by the burning mines," or veins of coal, which have been burning over since the discovery of the country. It is believed the cause of the great geyser of fire which bursts forth is the gas accumulated by the burning coal, and the explosion was the natural result of the pent-up forces. When last heard from large chimes of life were being emitted at intervals of from 10 to 15 minutes. Atlanta (Ga.), December 17. On Thursday, shortly after midnight, the house of John Swalling was burned down. Inside were Mr. Swilling, his wife, and three children, all of whom were burned to death. Frances Saunders was arrested, and confessed that he had crushed in the skull of the sleepers, when rated the bed-clothes with coal oil, applied a match, and left. The citizens seized the murderer and carried him off to lynch him. A rumour has reached here that Saunders was tied to a tree and burned to death. Washington, December 17. In connection with the war claim of the State of Vermont against the Government for $00,89,0, the Secretary of the Treasury has transmitted to Congress letters from the Third Auditor and the Chief of Ordnance alleging an indebted- ness the part of that State to the Government of $513,780 on account of arms and equipments furnished by the Government during the late war for the protection of its frontiers. Louisville, December 17. The Louisville Jockey Club has completed arrangements whereby, in the spring of 1889, there will be a run at its racecourse of a mile and a quarter, for a stake of $00,000, perhaps the richest ever run in America. The conditions are modelled after those of the great English Eclipse Stakes. It will require a great many entries to fill the strike of small value, but the terms of entry are such that owners and breeders can well afford to make nominations, the forfeits being comparatively light, when the odds are taken into consideration. For the first your after the entry is made the forfeit is only $50; the odds therefore are $50 to $00,000. New York, December 10. The Tribune says :-" A syndicate of Danish capitalists has been formed to assist the immigration of farmers whom hard times have compelled to sell out and to found a colony somewhere in the far north-west, where they may begin life again under conditions offering material guarantees of success, as well as security from the tricks of land sharks. Its accredited representative, Soren Kjoer, ex-member of Fulke : tiling, landed in this city last week, and went west at once to begin an exploration of the region in which the proposed settlement is to be placed, with special reference to climatic conditions. Ryder will spend a month or six weeks travelling through Minnesota, Wisconsin, and akota, and will return at once to Copenhagen to report and take part in the organisation of the colony. It is reported from Copenhagen that something like $1,200,000 has been subscribed towards the purchase of land in the north-west and the opening of the settlement, and that M, Tietjen, the most enterprising of Danish capitalists, is one of the men at the head of the undertaking. The plan excites much interest in Denmark, as it is the first attempt to found a distinct Danish colony on American territory. Kjoer's headquarters during his western tour will be in St. Paul." Tire REVOLUTION IN ECOADOB. Guayaquil, December 11. On the 2nd instant about sixty Monteueros, headed by Lucius Vargas Torres, took possession of the city of Loja, after three hours' fighting. On the 7th instant a Government force, under the command of Colonel Vega, gained a complete 1 victory over them, and Torres, Peasantes, 1 Cabero, Ordonez, and thirty others were taken prisoners This last blow to the comments will probably put an end to the revolution which has been disturbing the country "so long Mr STANLEY'S DAM-MTIOV New York, December 13-16 a Inbunt Reporter Htm-) M Stanley said last night, concerning the trouble at Stanley Falls -"I cannot speak definitely, but I could hear do guest Stanley Falls is 1100 miles from the mouth of the river Those mo oO black soldiers were under the Belgian officers The station is carried on an island below the falls Above the falls on an island, only two miles from the station, is the camp of an organized band of cut-throats, 150 strong, under the Arab chief Humid El Mohamed The natives have nicknamed him "upon his' From the sound of the (hum which he usually carries with him Probably ' Gipps lib,' from long immunity), This concluded that he is able to descend the Concerned wipe out the ev idem es of civ sensation Probably the impudent and over-zealous action of some young foreign office has provoked a breach of the peace and led to an attack on the station by the Tippn gang Bom j splendidly armed with Winchester, Sindel, Martini Henri) and all now under, the) doubtless had easy work desires mg the station " Stanley thinks the As she will order you to an iv ed down the Congo to Stiiulu) Pool, phmdcii!i0 and balling on the w ix,, unleSS stopped by lighting of negotiations lime) be his duty to return and block tin in Uto journey from here to Stanley Falls will take two months New York, December 11 Stanley will sail on the Eider on Thursday), the King of the Belgians having reported that urgent need for his return The dispatch supply digesting hissing ss is suicide and of vital importance, and deliver (ltiuo0i0UH Stanley Iceliued last night at Northampton, Mass , and expects to be on the Congo in three months. He is much (once but to serve the King of the Belgians until 1888 He is much thsiippowtcd that his taste of civilisation in so short, and that his lecture tour must be abandoned 1 London, December 1 1 -Hem) M Stanley's expedition in the relief of Emir Boy will start in Thru i j L ho Lapham Gover among con tributes L10,000 towards the expenses, nuts private gentleman has guaranteed the projectors Jgiiiiibf- moiietary Joss. Berlin, December LEE-The Kiev. tilling says -"As a result the Delimitation Con friends, England has seemed the best route to Victoria Nyanza Pi on this point of view quite know aspect is out to her car in preparing and the Emm Bey relief expedition. On a sentence of presenting a humane purpose the Jjii/,libh will immediately show their power in those parts, and suddenly take possession of the route leading to the inland lakes " ' 