Mail News. From our English files to hand to August 20 we take the , following items: — j Having decided that the surplus of the Women's Jubilee , Fund should be devoted to the benefit of nurses and nursing J establishments, the Queen has requested the committee to I submit to her proposals as to the best means of carrying out ; the intention. Princess Louis e unveiled a statue of the Queen, presented by the High Sheriff of Hants as a county memorial of the Jubilee at Winchester. Tbe Crown Prince and Princess of Portugal have been staying with the Count andJCountess de Paris at Loch Ken ward Lodge, Pcithghirc. Lord Granville, LadyfcVictoria Levespn-Gower, Sir H. Des Va?ux, and Miss Glyn are cruising in the Channel with Lord Wolverton, in his steam yacht. The present Government have reduced the number of Admiralty dockyard men by 1700. About 18,000 will now be regularly employed. The Lord Lieutenant of Ireland conferred tbe Jubilee knighthoods awarded to the Mayors of Belfast and London derry, and to Aldermen George Meyers and Hcnrv Cochrane, Messrs. James Spaight (Limerick), Patrick Maxwell (president of the Incorporated Law Society), Robert Herron (chairman of Kingstown Town Commis sioners), end Howard Grubb, well-known as a scientist and improver of telescopes, &c.; The deaths are announced of Mr. William. Homy Husk, for many years librarian of the older Sacred Harmonic Society ; General Lawrence Shadwell, C.B., who served in the Chinese and Crimean wars ; Mr. John Palgrave Simp son, the dramatic author; aged 80 ; Mr. George Wiley, a Cheshire journalist, aged 80 ; Mr. Alan Clarke, M.A., the famous American telescope maker, aged 83 ; Major- William Warry, a Crimean hero ; Professor Meyer Aaron Gold schmidt, a Danish author; Rev. Bryan Walker, LL.D- j who graduated at Cambridge in 1847 as ninth wrang]er» 1 eighth classic, and a nYi-t-ciass theological ; Prof. S. F« j Baird, LL.D., an American naturalist ,' Johannes Nord- \ mann, an Austrian novelii-t aud journalist ; and Rev. John j Jones ('Idrisyn), a Wels-h lard, in Lis Sith year. j Lipski was hung on Monday in- ruing, August 22. He made a confession of his guilt. This is said to be only the third instance of a Jew having suflerod capital punishment for murder in England within the last 150 years. Henry Hobson, of Sheffield, was executed at Leeds on the same niomins, for the murder of Ada Stodhart at Sheffield. One- third of the bayonets of a Lincolnshire regiment have been declared defective. Unclaimed money in the Court of Chancery scarcely ex ceeds one million. It is reported from Berlin that during the eclipse, birds ceased to sing, and became frightened or sleepy. It is said that 100 tons of binders' twine, valued at £4000, has been required for harvesting on one farm alone in Dakota, U.S.A. The skeletons of two cavalry soldiers, with horses and equipments, were discovered at* Carrick-on-Suir, in an old sunken pond, in a remarkable slate of preservation. A young Lidy, .staying at Bannow. Ireland, got into a hr.M to row after her hat, which had blown into tie sea. Tho current was eo strong that she was unablp to veruro. She was picked up in a fainting condition by a yacht, seven wiles from shore. What is said to be the largest dock in England, covering ?la acres, has been opened at Cardiff. Nearly 3 million tons of earth have been removed, and (he cost has bceu over half a million. Mains for compressed air to work machinery arc to be laid down in Birmingham. The centenary of the first ascent of Mont Blanc was observed at Chamounix. To Jacques Balmat, an enter | prising guide, belongs the honour of first reaching the top. | The Hessian fly is reported to be verv general all over England. Tbe Post Office is to appropriate five of the nine acres on which Coldbath Fields prison ttands, and tho School Board part of the remainder. Eight Irish aud two Welsh, paupers have been returned from America. Two shocks of earthquake have been felt in the Enga A crematorium for Berlin is to be erected in tho municipal cemetery at Friedriehsfelde. The latest adaptation of tbe penny automaton machines is for pills. '^Emperor of Cln'n:l's marriage, on account of his ill-health, and empty treasury, has been postponed for two years. There are now 12,516 graduates and undergraduates at the Cambridge University. It is stated that the Houses of Parliament clock required no correction from March until the 10th August when it was four seconds slow. A Russian has been asleep in the workhouse at Walton for 13 months. It is estimated that from 625,000 to 550,000 immigrants entered the United States last year. Great Britain heads the list, Germany standing next. Farrow, a helper in the monkey-house of the ZoIorIcrI Gardens, who has been for 19 years in the society's employ, and who took the elephant ♦* Alice ' to Mr. Barnum ia America, has committed suicide. Twenty-pounds' worth of fireworks were exploded by the sun at a Temperance Jlte near Barnsley. Fifteen tons of dynamite exploded at Kach, in India, killing two natives. A lad aged 16 years, bitten in May, has just died in great agony from hydrophobia, at Leigh, Lancashire. A young lady's dress caught fire at the Manchester Ex hibition. Two men wrapped their coats round her, and quickly extinguished the flames. An unextinguished match on the ground is believed to have been the cause. 