PARLIAMENT. Ninth Parliament of Queens land. The ninth Parliament of Queensland, the fifth and lust session of which ended yesterday, was opened by proclamation on Wednesday, November '7, 1883, such proclamation boinsr signed by Sir Thomas M'llwruith by command of his Excellency Sir Arthur Pnlmor, thon administrator of tho Government, and bearing date two days boforo. Tho commission was read on that day, and Sir Thomas M'llwraith, with two other members, administered tho oath of allegiance to tho members in attondanco. Tho original members oE this Parliament were: — Aland, R. Jordan, H. Archer, A. ? Kates, F. Kellett, W. Bailey. W. O. Bale, J. L. ' Lalor,Jas. Beattie, P. Lissner, I. Black, If. II. Brookes, W. Micdonald - Putorson, BuoWand, J. F. T. Muofarlane, J. Chubb, C. E. Mnorossan, J. 51. Cooper, F. A. . MTlwraith, SirThos. Bt'Whannell, Thos. Dutton, C. B. Mellor, M. Donuldton, J. Midgley, A. Dickson, J.R. Miles, W. Morehead, B. D. Ferguson, J. Moroton, B. B. Footc, J. Foxtou, J. F. G. Nelson, H. M. Eraser, S. Norton, A. Garriek, .T. F. Palmer, E. Govett.J. Perkins. P. Griffith, S. W. Grimes, S. Rutledge, A. Groom, W. H. Salkeld, W. ' Higson, TV. K. Scott, J. Horwitz, J. Sheridan, R. B. ' Hurley, J. - Smyth, W. Hamilton, J. Stevens, E. J. Stevenson, J. Isambert, J. B. L. ?Wallace, D. S. Jessop, J. S. White, P. Immediately upon the House proceeding to business the strength of the thon Opposition, Sir Thomas M'llwraith's Ministry being in office, demonstrated itself, carrying by largo majorities tho two divisions upon tho questions submitted. SirThos. M'llwraith moved that Mr. John Scott take tho chair of the House as Speaker, the motion being seconded by Mr. Archer. Sir (then Mr ) S. W. Griffith moved that Mr. W. H. Groom occupy tho position, the motion being seconded by Mr. Kellett, and tho House, after debate, divided on the original motion, with tho following result— ayes, 17 ; noes, 29. Mr. Groom -was then elected on division l-y 29 to 18, tho additional vote among (he noes being that of Mr. Scott him self. Sir. Norton, seconded by Mr. Chubb, had in the meanwhilo unsuccessfully nomi nated Sir. S. Fraser. The next day Mr. Speaker was introduced to his Excellency the Governor for Her Majesty's approbation. The House meeting that day; after some routino business had been disposed of, petitions were received from the electors of Aubigny against Ilie return of Mr. P. Perkins, and from B. W. Stuart against the return of Mr. B. B. Moreton. Both wore referred to tho Committee of Elections and Qualifications. A message was then received from his Excellency the Governor, transmitting tho estimatesin chief for the year ending Juno 30, 1884, and Sir Thos. M'llwraith moved that the estimates be printed iini referred to tho Committee of Supply, whereupon the Lender of tho Opposi tion moved that tho question bo amended by the omission of the words ' printed and,' tho object being that tho estimates should not bo then circulated. A long and heated debate ensued, and eventually the motion was lost on division by 30 to 19 votes. Subsequently, on the motion of the Promier^Sir Thos. M'll wraith) for a special appropriation of surplus revenue funds, Mr. Griffith moved tho adjournment of the debate, and carried the day against 29 votes to 20. Boforo tho House rose that evuiinar Sir Thomas made a Ministerial statement, and adverting to tho fact that since the opening of tho session tho Government hud sustained three adverse votes, stated that ho ?would take time to consider the position, and moved the adjournment of the House, which was agreed to. Tho House mot on Tuesday, November 18, and after the Governor's speech had been read Sir Thomas M'llwraith an nounced tho resignation of himself and his colleagues, and intimated that his Ex cellency the.Governor had sent for Mr. Griffith. That gentleman then informed tho House that ho had succeeded in forming a government, and Eupply was granted. The following were afterwards announced as tho members of tho new government: Hon. S. W. Griffith, Q.C., Premier, Colonial Secretary, and Minister for Public Instruction ; Hon. W. Miles, Secretary Public Works and Mines ; Hon. J. F. Garriek, Q.C., Colonial Treasurer and Postmaster General ; Hon. C. B. Dutton, Secretary for Public Lands; Hon. A. Butledjre, Attorney General; and the Hon. R. B. Sheridan, . without portfolio. The seats of all these gentlemen (that of the last named excepted) were then declared vacant on the motion of Mr. Sheridan, and after some further debate tho HouEe adjourned until January 10, 1881. During ttat recess somo changes wore mado in tho contemplated personnel of tho new Cabinet. Tlie Hons. S. W. Griffi h, C. B. Dutton, W. Miles, and A. Eutledge, camo back and held the portfolios above indicated, but the Hon. J. It. Dickson replaced tho Hon. J. F. Garriek as Colonial Treasurer, tho latter going to the Council. During this period also Mr. Griffith was absent in Sydney for somo timo attending tho Intercolo nial Conference there. Mr. Archer, Agent Ctneral, was jrranted throe months' leave of nl.sf ncp, and Mr. Hemmaut appointed tempo rarily in his place. ? The House met on January 10, and Mr. Griffith m de tho usual statement as to tho projects and intentions of tho Government, and ihe next day Mr., Simon Fraser was appointed Chairman of ' Committees. On that day (Janvary 11) leave was given to introduco bills to repeal tho Railway Companies Preliminary Act, und tho British-India Labourers' Act. Upon tho Honso meeting on Tuesday, January 1 o, Mr. Morehead announced Hint ho had been elected L?ader of Iho Oppohition during tho temporary absence cf Sir Thomas M'llwraith. The Queensland Stock Inscription Act Amendment Bill was passed through all its Btagos at this fitting. The Premier then moved tho second rending of tlie Eailway Companies Act Eopeal Bill (the land-grant schem?), and after a pro longed debate the motion was carried by 20 to 14 votes. Following up this decisive victory, the Premier then moved tho second reading of the Indian Immigration Act Repeal Bill, which was alro curried, after debate, upon tho voices. Both these measures passed through committco without amendraenton January 10, when also tho Elections Act of 1874 Amendment Bill was reada aecend time en January 17. Mr. Morehoad's motion for leave to bring in it bill to give an additional number to tho electorate of Forti tude Valley was agreed to, and on an amend ment on Mr. Morehead's supplementary motion leave was granted to tho Premier and Mr. Dickson to prepuro and bring in tho bill. On that date also tho Elec tions Act of 1874 Amendment Bill was read a second time, being taken through com mittee on Jnnuary 22, when tho Houso next met, and tho next evening tho Colonial Treasurer (Hon. J. R. Dickson) delivered his financial statement. That namo ovening tho Pacific Maud Labourers Act Amondment Bill was read a second time after a very lengthy debate. On Tuesday, January 29, the House went into Committee of Supply; and, on January 30, under covor of a motion for ad journment, tho inemorablo scene oocurred in whioh Mr. Perkins played so conspiouous a part, and which resulted in that membor's bpecches on tho occasion boing oxpunged from tho official records of tho Houso, while ha him self waa censured for his conduct and called upon to apolofrieo by 27 votes to 13. Before tho House adjourned that night it nffirmed tho deeirabilUy of introducing a bill to mako pro vision with respeot to tho offico of Agont Genoral, and to provide for tho appointmont of a board of advice in London. On January 31st the. Supreme Court Consolidation Act Amendment Bill waa read a second time, after a contidcrablo waste of the sitting in discussing : certain personal explanations. Tho Houso next mot on February 5, when 1ho grant was mudo to the Brisbauo Girln' Grammar School, nud among other business transacted, tho Bills of Exchange Bill was road it second time, and tho Pucifio Island Labourers Act Amendment Bill was carried some distance through committee. Tho next day tho Frontier intimated what business it was intondod to pro ceed with, and held out tho promiso that tho session would end in about throe weeks. Tho Auditor-General's Salary Bill wits road a second timo, and then Committee of Supply was resumed and occupied tho romaindor of the sitting. Tho Supremo Court Consolidation Act Amendment Bill was taken into committee tho following ovening, and tho timo of tho Houso was for tho remainder of tho evening devoted to considering Mr. Stevonson's motion for tho production of certain papers in connec tion with Mr. Lystors'seleotion at Port Douglas, which was eventually lost. Tho consideration in committee of the Pacific Island Labourers Bill was completed on February 12, and ro committcd the noxt day, when somo now clauses were proposed by mombers of tho Opposition and negatived. Tho Chineso Immi grants Regulation Act of 1877 Amendmont Bill was read a second timo. Tho Election Committeo in tho matter of Mr. R. W. Stuart's petition declared tho Hon. B. B. Moreton duly elected. Tho next day (Fobm ary 13) Mr. Brookes' s motion affirming 'That tho appointment of members to the Legislative Council pending a general election, oonsoquent upon a dissolution grunted on tho advice of a Government which had been defeated in tho Legislative Assembly, is contrary to tho spirit of tho Constitution and dangerous to tho politi cal institutions of the colony,' was debated at gieat length and adjourned. Tho Supremo ourt Consolidation Bill was further con sidered in committee, and tho Divisional Boards Act 1879 Amendment Bill was rend a seojnd time and taken through committee. The Pas toral Leases Act 1S(39 Amendment Bill was read a second timo on February 19, and tho following day the amendments of tho Council in tho Elections Act Amendment Bill woro agreed to, and tho Auditor-General's Salary Bill was taken through committeo. Further ? regress was also made with the Chinese mmiyrants Act Amendment Bill in com mittee. On February 21 Mr. Miles (Minister for Works) tabled tho books, plans, &c;, of the Brisbano Valley railway, and the Chinese Bill wnR carried through committee, tho consideration of supply occupying tho remainder of the sitting. Tho plans, &c;, of the exten sion of the railway to the border from Stan thorpo wero laid on the table by Mr. Miles on -February 22, when also Mr. Perkins's seat for Aubigny was declared vacant by the Elections and Qualifications Committee. On the 26th tho Premier brought up the resolutious adopted at tho Intercolonial Conference in November, 18S3, referring to tho relationship of Australasia to the islands of tho Pacific, tho general rela tion of tho British dominions in tho Southern Seas, and praying Her Majesty that a bill may be introduced into the Imperial Parliament for the purpOEe of constitutiig a Federal Council, and the motion adopting the first of these reso lutions was agreed to. Committeo of Supply was then refcunied. On February 27, on a question of privilege, the Premier moved that the publisher of tho Courier bo prosecuted for libel, because of certain references contained in that paper to the action of tho Elections and Qualifications Committee in regard to the un seating of Mr. P. Perkins, and the motion was, after a long debate, carried by 20 to 13 votes. Committee of Supply occupied tho rest of the sitting. On February 28, much timo was taken up in a discussion under a motion for adjourrment, and of tho consideration of Mr. C. F. Cumming's case bnfore Committee of Supply was resumed. February 2!) was devoted almost entirely to that' business. Further progress was mado when next the House met on March 4. On that date the Elections and Qualifications Committee, in re porting upon a petition from Thos. Campbell and Chas. Lumley Hill praying that John Hamilton and Fred. Augustus Cooper may be declared not to have been duly elected for Cook, found that Mr. Cooper was not duly elected, and that Mr. Campbell was. Supply was proceeded with on March 5, and on March 6 the Council's nmendment in tho Chinese Immigrants Regulation Act Amendment Bill wbb disagreed with. Committeo of Supply was then resumed, and the Loan Act of 1S84 (£1,439,000) was introduced and passed through all its stages. Tho supplementary estimates wero also passed, and the Appropriation Bill, and Parliament was prorogued on tho following Monday, March 10, by proclamation, having sat 30 days and passed 11 Acts, as follows: Appropriation Bills, Nos. 2, 3, and 4, as sented toNovember 15, February 29, and March S respectively ; Auditor- General Salary Bill, March 6 ; Chineso Immigrants Eogulation Aot, 1877, Amendment Bill, March 10; Divisional Boards Act, 1879, Amendment Bill, Fobruary 29; Elections Act, J874, Amendmont Bill, February 29 ; Government Loan Bill, March 8 ; Pacific Island Labourers Aot, 1880, Amend ment Bill, March 10 ; Queensland Stock In scription Act Amendment BUI, January 17 ; Eailway Companies Preliminary Act, 1880, Repeal Bill, February 12. The Agent-General Salary Bill, Pastoral Leases Act Amendment Bill, and Eailway Reserves Act Further Amendment Bill wore stopped by prorogation. Tho Indian Immigration Act Repeal Bill did not come back from the Council. The Queens land Stock Inscription Act Amendment Bill was discharged from tho paper on January 11, and tho Chairman of Committees reported progress only on February 14 on tho Supreme Court Consolidation Act Amendment Bill. Tho Bills of Exchango Bill was initiated in the Council, but its progress in the Lower House was stopped by the prorogation. Two private bills were disposed of this session. SECOND SESSION. Pursuant to proclamation by His Excellency the Governor, tho Assembly met for tho second session of the ninth Parliament on Tuesday July 8th, 1884. During the recess the soat of Mr. John Hurley had become vacant by reason of insolvency. Ho wassucooededbyMr. Annear. The Governor's speech made roferonce to tho re ceipt of a despatch proposing that Her Majesty's juriEdictiorj should be exercised in the waters of New Guinea, and that the Australian colonies should make a joint contribution of £15,000 towards tho necessary expanses for tho first year. It was intimated that tho willingness of this colony to join with ono or more of the oilier colonies in guaranteeing this amount had been signified, and a bill to mako permanent appropriation of tho necessary sum was pro mised. Among other matters the speech also intimated that tho Government hnd joined with tho other colonial Governments in protesting against the further deportation of French criminals to the Pacific, and urged tho incep tion of a system of united action whijh would ultimately lead to the establishment of a general Australasian confederation. It was announced that tho Hon. J. F. Garriok had re signed the portfolio of Po.stmaster-Uenoral and accepted the office of Agent-Generul, retainin', however, his position us ono of the Ministry. Ho was scceeded by tho Hon. C. S. Meiti, who also became Minister for Public Instruction. Tho usual formal and sessional business occu pied the attention of the House on Wednesday. On Thursday, July 10, Mr. Griffith brought in a bill to shorten tho duration of Parliaments to three yeare, which was then read a first time, as wero also (1) a bill to make better provision for tho occupation and use of Crown lundp ? (?') the Registrar of Titles Bill; (3) tho Marsupials Destruction Continuation Bill; (4) thoOffiicala in Parliament Bill ; (5) tho Divisional Boards Endowments Bill ; (6) tho Public Officers' Fees Bill; and (7) United Municipalities Act Amend ment Bill, and after thus filling up tho busi-' ness paper very comfortably tho Houso adjourned. Tho following Tuesday tho plans, &c.;, of tho railway extension from Stanthorpo to tho border woro agreed to. Tho Patents, Designs, and Trado Marks Bill was introduced and read a first timo, and tho bills numbered 7, G, 5, and 3, in the above list passed thoir sejond readings. Tho next day it was announced that tho action instituted against tho Courier had resulted in a verdict of not guilty. A bill to consolidate and amond tho law relating to the insane was introduced and road a first time, and the Registrar of TitleB Bill a second time, and tho United Municipalities Bill, Divisional Boards Endowment Bill, and Marsupials Destruction Bill Tmused through committee, and on Thursday, July 17, tho throo measures last-mentioned were read a third timo. Tho Registrar of Titles Bill passed through com mittee and tlo Officials- in Parliament Bill was read a second time. After messages had been received from tie ' Governor on Tuesday, July 22, transmitting a bill to provido for tho payment of tho expanses inourred by mombers of the Aswnbly in attending Parliament, and tho Now Guiuoit and Pacifio Jurisdiction Bill, the Legislative Council forwurded tho Bills of Exchange Bill, whioh had been shelved tho prsvioua session. Tho usual courso of exposition waa resorted to, and an Appropriation Bill for £250,000 was passed through all its stages. The Registrar of Titles Bill was read a third timo, and tho Natives Labourers Protection Bill mid Itn migration Act of 1S82 Amendment Bills woro introduced and read a first timo. Mr Griffitli moved, — ' Thatan address bo proseuted to Her Majesty, praying that a measure bo submitted to tho Imperial Parliament, for tho purposo of constituting a Federal Council of Australasia upon tho basis of tho draft bill adopted by tho convention held in Sydney.' Tho Patents, Design, and Trade Mark's Bill was road a second time, and the Public Officers Foes Bill passed through committeo. After tho Grants and Lenses to Deceased Persons Bill had boon introduced and rend a first timo on Wednesday, and tho Public Officers Bill a third timo, tho Members' Expenses and New Guinea Contribu tion Bills woro read a first time, and tbo Fodotal Council address was adopted. Tho Licensing Bill and Triennial Parliaments Bill wero each road a second timo. After a long list of priva'o business had been disposed of on Thursday, July 21, tho Grants to Deceased PersoiiF Bill and New Guinea Bill wero read a second time, and botli theso measuros, together with tho Triennial Parliament Bills (tho former two wholly, and the latter in part only), passed through committeo on tho following Tuesday, when also tho Native Labourers Protection Bill Sasscd its second reading. On Wednosiay, uly 30, this lust measure, togother with tho Insnnity Bill, passed through committeo, and the Deceased Persons and Now Guinea Bills were passed. The Bills of Exohango Bill was read a 6ecnd time. Privato business mono polised the Thursday, with tho exception of tho third reading or tbo Nafcivo Labourers Protec tion Bill uncl of the Insanity Bill. ThColection of Mr. Annear as member for Maryborough was announced on Tuesday. Mr. Dutton moved tho second reading of tho Crown Lands Bill, and the Bills of Exchange Bill passed through committee, being read a third timo on Wednes day, August 0, when also tho Immigration Act of 1882 Amendment Bill was read a second time, and a bill to mako bett r provision for ths defence of the colony of Queensland was introduced and read a first time. Tho Succes sion Act Declaration Bill camo down from the Council. With tho exception of tho passage through committee of the Trado Marks Bill, no Government business was transacted on Thursday. This measure was read a third timo on Tuesday, August 12, and the debato on tho Crown Lands Bill was continued. On Tuesday, August 19, tho Health Bill was introduced and read a first time, and tho Crown Lands Bill debate occupied tho remainder of, tho sittiug aB it also did tho whole of the next and of that on Thursday, August 21. After much priv&te; business had been disposed of the debate on the last three occasions beng ing upon Sir Thomas M'llwraith's amend ment? on the motion, 'That tho bill bo now read a second time,' that all the words after ' that' be omitted with a view to inserting an expression of the inabilitiy of the House to approve of this bill. On Tuesday, August 20, that debato was resumed again and continued on Wednesday and Thursday. On Tuesday, September 2, the Health Bill was read a second timo and the Immigration Aot of 1S82 Amend ment Bill mado much progress through com mittee On Wednesday the firstnamed was taken into committeo and the Defenco Bill read a second time, and on Thursday, September 4, the Health Bill passed through committee. Tho Health Bill was read a third timo on Tuesday, September 9, and further progress made in committeo with tho Immigration Act Amendment Bill. The Houso went into com mitteo of supply on September 10, and on that day the last- mentioned bill passed through committee. After privato business on Thurs day the Local Authorities By-laws Bill was introduced an3 read a first time. That mea sure was read a second timo on tho following Tuesday, when the Land Bill debate was also resumed. ' Supply occupied a large share of attention on Wednesday and tho Local Authorities Bill passed through committeo. Thursday was occupied entirely with private business, and on Tuesday, September 23, tho Local Authorities Bill passed its third reading, and the Land Bill debato was continued ; that debate also occupied the most attention on Wednesday, the following Tuesday, and every day the House mot (except Thursdays) until October 8, when Supply took precedence, and tho Appropriation Bill for £200,000 was passed. The Crown Lauds Bill then received attenticn again. Tho' Bitting da/s of the Bouse now included Fridays. On Friday, October 10, the Premier announced that ho had received a tolegran from the Agent-General stating that the commodore of tho Australian station had been instructed to proclaim the southern shores of New Guinea and adjacent islands tinder British protection. The Brands Act, 1872, Amendmont Bill was introduced and read a first time on Tuesday, October 14, and the land debate was also resumed and continued on Wednesday and Thursday. The Brands Bill was read a second time on Friday, October 17\. On Tuesday the Land Bill debato was resumed and occupied tho lion's share of attenticn during that and the succeeding and the third week, tho bill being roported, with amendments, on Thursday, Novomber 6. In the meantime much privato business, including tho passing of tho Pharmacy Bill, had been disposed of, tho Council amendments on sevoral measures had been considered and variously agreed to or dissented from, and tho Brands Bill had been passed. Committee of Supply was resumed on November 0, and tho Land Bill was read a third timo on November 11, when Mr. Donaldson's Divisional Board A'ri- cultural Drainage Bill was alao passed and the House went into committeo on the Dcfonce Bill, the debato being continued on November 12, when the bill was reported, with amend ments. It passed its third reading on Thursday, November 13, and tho Members' Expenses Bill was read a second time by 39 votes to 8. Supply was thon resumed. Tho Expenses Bill passed through committee tho following day, and Supply received tho chief attention then nearly every sitting until December 10. Railway matters wero consi dered on December il, including tho Cooktown extension, tho Fassifern oxtension, and tho Maryborough Wharf branch, and the roport of tho Committoo of Supply was adopted. On that date also the very important amendments made by tho Council in tho Lands Bill wore referred to tho committeo of tho whole, the Speaker raising tho question of privilogo in tho Upjor Chamber's having interfered with a revenue bill, and a long debate ensued, several amendments proposed by the Council boing agreed to but more dissented from. On Friday, December 12, tho Council's amend ments in the Defenco Bill wero considered, the question of privilege again cropping up when tho debate was resumed on Monday, December 15, Sir ThomaB M'llwraith calling attention to tho mutter. On this date Mr. Dickson made his financial statement in relation to Loan Estimates, and Committco of Supply was re sumed, being continued on Tuesday, when also tho result »f tho Assembly's messago to tho Council en tho Lands Bill, and tho amendmont their Chamber insisted upon, woro dobated. Next day, Wednesday, December 17, a conference between tho two Houses was Bug gestcd by Mr. Griffith upon tho points at issuo. Tho North Coast Railway extension plans wore approved of and Committee of Supply resumed. It was announced later that tho Counoil had agreed to tho suggested conference, and also not to insist upon their amendments in the Defence Bill. Tho supplementary estimates wero brought down on Decombor 18, and that evening tho conference took place, and an agreement was arrived at which was debated tho next ovening and adapted by the House beforo Committeo of Supply was ro sumed. Tho Houso on this occasion (Friday, December 19), oommencedits sitting at tho usual hour, and tho dobato on tho famous £10,000,000 loan proposals, which camo on lato in tho day, occasioned a debato which lasted until after 1 o'clock on Saturday afternoon. In Committee of Ways and Means, Mr. Dickson moved that towards making good tho supply granted to Her Majesty for tho sorvico of tho year 1884-5, a sum not exceeding £9,980,000, bo raised by tho salo of debentures, or tho creation nnd sale of inscribed stock secured on tho consolidated revenue fund of Queensland, and bearing interest at a rate net exceeding 4 per cent, per annum, to dofray tho expenses of immigration, tho execution, of certain publio works and bct vicer, niid defioit on' previous loans. A roailu tion to that effect was arrived at, and Mr. Dickson then- brought in the Government Loan Bill No. 2, founded on that resolution, which was at length passed through all its stagos at tho one sitting. On tho Monday, (Docombor 22), Mr. Dickson brought up from tho Com mitteo of Witys and Means, tho Appropriation Bill No. 3, which was passod through all its stages. Tho Queensland Spirits Duty Bill and Triennial Parliaments Bill wero discharged from tho business paper, and Parliament was prorogued tlio following clay, by his Excellency tho Govornor, having sst 82 days, and passed 38 bills as follow : Three Appropriation Bills, assented to July 25, October 17, and Decombor 23 ; Brands Aot Amendment Bill, December, 1 ; Crown Lands Bill, December 23 ; Potenco Bill, Docembor 23; Divisional Boards Agricultural Drainago Bill, Decembor 16 ; Divisional Boards Endow ment Bill, August 15 ; Grants and Leases to Deceased Persons Bill, Soptembor 2 ; Govorn ment Loan Bill (No 2), Decombor 23 ; Houlth Bill, December 21 ; Irrigation Act Amendment Bill, October 27; Insanity Bill, September 2 ; Jury Bill, December 16 ; Local Authorities By-law Bill, October 13 ; Marsupial Bill, August 1 ; Native Birds Bill, Ootobor 13 ; Native Labourers Bill, Novomber 18 ; New Guinea Contribution Bill, August 26 ; Oaths Act Amendment Bill, Novomber 11 ; Officials in Parliament Bill, Decembor 23 ; Patents Bill, October 13 ; Publio Officors Foes Bill, August 8 ; Registrar of Titles Bill, August 8 ; United Municipalities Bill, August 1 ; Wages Bill, October 13. The Mombors Expenses Bill was not returned from tho Council, and tho Queensland Spirit Duty Bill and Triennial Parliaments Bill wero both discharged from tho paper. Four bills — Bills of Exchango Bill, Pharmacy Bill, Probate Bill, and Succession Bill — had their origin in tho Council, and nino private bills wero passed. THIRD SESSION. The third. session was opened by proclama tion of tho Governor on Tuesday, July 7th, 1885\. During tho recess the following' vacan cies had ocourred : Hon. R. B. Sheridan, to take the poitfolio of Postmaster- General ; and tho Hon. J?. B. Moreton, to tako that of Minister of Public Instruction ; nnd Hon. T. Mncdonald-Patorson. Tho two former had been ro-elected, the Hon. T. Macdonald Paterson hnd been appointed to the Legislative Council to become Postmaster-General, and Mr. Hiram Wnko'iold returned in his stead as member for Moreton. Mr. Griffith announced the change which had been mado in the Cabi net. Tho Governor's speech again urged prompt mensures for the dofeneo of tho colony ; tho Soudan expedition on tho part of Now South Wales was alluded to, as also tho sub stitution of direct jurisdiction for a protectorate over New Guinea, and the probable speedy in clusion among tho tho laws of tho Erapiro of ono establishing tho Federal Counoil. Tho return of New Guinea and othor natives ti their homes at the oxpense of tho colony and tho encouraging of tho development of the raining wealth of tho colony by deep sinking woro among tho matters recommended for particular attention, and it was intimated also that a measure to give additional parliamentary repre sentation would be introduced, as well as a bill dealing with the prevention of tho rabbit in vasion. Better provision for tho prevention of corrupt practices at elections was also urged as necessary. The remainder of tho sitting was taken up in disjiosing of tho ordinary rautino business, and in obtaining leave to introduco a number of now bills. The (i) Additional Members Bill was read a first timo on Thurs day, July 9, as also were (2) the Marsupials Destruction Act Continuation Bill, (3) the Police Officers Eeliof Bill, (4) tho Members' Expenses Bill, (5) tho Local Government Act Amendment Bill, and (6) the Now Guinea Islanders Employers' Compensation Bill. Tho Election Bill was read a first time on Tuesday, July 14, as well as tho Crown Linda Act of 1884 Amendment Bill. Tho bills numbered 4, 5, 2, 6, and 7 alono wero read a second time, passing through committeo on the following day, being read a third time and passed on 'Wednesday. On Tuesday, July 21, the Local Government Bill and Elections Bill were read a second timo, and the dobato on tho second reading of tho Crown Lands Bill was commenced, being concluded the following day, when it was carried by 24 to 17 votes. On this date (Wednesday, July 22) Mr. Griffith intro duced tho Licensing: Bill, which was read a first time. The sitting on Thursday was marked by tho rejection, by 28 to 12, of Sir Thomas M'll wraith's motion disagreeing with tho timber regulations. Tho first Appropriation Bill (£250,000) was passed through all itB stages on Tuesday, July 28, and the Hous9 went into committee on tho Crown Lands Bill, tho debato being adjourned to, and concluded on, Thurs day, July 30, when tho roport was adopted. Tho Rabbit Bill was received from tho Council on Wednesday, July 29, and read a first timo, a second timo on August 4, taken through committee on August 18, and read a third timo on August 20. The Local Government Aot, 1878 Amendment Bill and Marsupials Destruc tion Bill were taken (tho latter partly) through eommitteo on August 29. On Thursday, July 30, the Charitablo Institutions Management Bill and Local Government Bill wero read a third time. Tho seat of Mr. Thomas Campbell (Cook) was declared vacant on August 4, by virtue of that gentleman's insolvency. On that date tho Marsupials Destruction Bill was read a third, time, and tho Elections Bill was taken into committee. On Wednesday, August 5, the Crown Lands Bill was recommitted, and read n third time and passed on August 11, when the Licensing Bill second reading debate was commenced, being continued noxt day, when tho motion was carried. Tho debato on the second reading of the Elections Bill was continued on that date, and from timo to timo until September 22, when tho report was adopted — this measuro was tho occasion of an all-night sitting on September 16, until 6 a.m. September 17— tho third reading boing agreed to on tho following day. On August 20 tho bill to provido for tho permanent closure of tho swing of tho Victoria Bridge was [read a first time, a second timo on Sop tember 23 — tho division boing 18 to 14. Petitions having been meanwhile received against the contemplated action, it was con sidered in committeo on Soptembor 24, and passed its third reading on Soptembor 29. Mr. Kates's motion to purchaso Wostbrook and Canning Downs Estates was rejected bv 29 to 10 votes on August 20. Tho House wont into committeo of supply on August 18, and of wayB and means on AuguBt 25. On tho latter date Mr. Jordan also introducing a petition for local option. The plans, &o.;, of tho Mary borough to Bundaborg railway woro approved of on August 26, as also thoso from Dalby to Charlevillo and llackay to Eton. Another petition for local option was presented or. August 27 — and several others subse quently — when tho proposed compensation to Dr. Hobbs of £5,000 was negatived by 25 to 14 votes. Tho resolutions arrived at by tho Committeo of Ways and Means wero adopted, and tho bills foundod upon them were brought in on Fobruary 1, on whioh date also Mr. Sickson introduced tho CuBtoms Duties and Beer Duty Bills, both of which wero road a first tirao (5 per cent, ndvalorem and 7J per cent. duty). Tho plaiiB, 4c, of the Bundaberg- Gladstone Rail way wero approved of on September 2, on whioh date tho Customs Duties Bill second reading was carried by 22'votes to 12. Tho debato in committoo W88 commenced noxt day, and concluded on tho 9th, tho third reading being carriod on tho following ovening. Mr. Macrossan, on tho first -mentioned date stated in accordance with one of tho provisions of tho Additional Mom bers Act that ho oleoted to sit for the now electorate of Townsville. Tho Beer Duty Bill seend reading was carried on division by 23 votes to 14 on September 3, and tho dobato in committco commenced and concluded on Sop tember 10, tho third reading boing ngreed to tho following day. The reductions in tho chorgo for press telegrams wero announced on Septcmbor 8. Xho plans, &o.;, of tho TownB villo jetty railway lino were agreed to on Sop tember 10. The motion to grant £1,000 to the widow of the late JuBticoPrmg was introduced, on division by 20 to 13, on Soptembor 11, and not assented to. Tho Houso went into committeo on tho motion on October 23, but no progress was reported. A soleot committee was ap«. pointed to inquire into tho eoizuro of tho ForcBtKingqn Soptembor 11. On tho sarao dato tho resolutions wero ngreod to affirming the desirability of appointing mineralogical lecturers. On September 15 Mr. John M'MaBter took bin scat as tho socond member for Fortitudo Valley. Thoplans, &o.;, ol the first section of tho Caima-Hcrberton Railway wero approved of, and on Soptombor 16 tho30 of tho Beuuaraba branch railway. On thi 17th a messago from tho Counoil insisting upon their amendments in tho Looal Govornm9nt Act of 1878 Amendmont Bill was oonstruol to bo a broach of privilogo in that tho Council thus interfered with a monoy bill. Tho Speaker on September 2i advortod to tho matter, nnd fully explained tho position, whereupon Mr. Griffith moved tlfiit the bill bo laid aside. Mr. C. Lumloy Hill was announced on Septem ber 23 to have boon oldotod one of tho members for Cook. On tho samo day, petitions to the contrary notwithstanding, tho Victoria Bridge Closuro Bill was road a second timo, p-tssed through committco tho noxt day, and was road a third timo on Septombor 29. Mr. O; L. Hill took his scat on Septombor 24. Tho Pacific Mund Labourers Act Further Amendment BQl was read a first timo on Soptombor 29, a sooond timo on October 15, taken through committee on October 20, and read a third timo tho next day. On Septombor 30, in reply to Mr. Kates, tho Promior unnoimoad that tho Government had abandoned tho Local Go/orn ment Act of 1878 Amendment Bill for that Bossion in consequonco of tho action of tho Legislative Council. Tho Frieud'y Societies Act of 1876 Amendment Lill and Probnto Act of 18C7 Amendment Bill wore introduced, and rend a first time. Tho Liconsing Bill, tho second reading of which had taken pluco on August 12, was taken into committee on September 30, and tho dobato was continued from timo to timo until Octobor 8, when tho report was adopted, and the third roading took place next day. The measuro subsequently underwent amendment at tho instance of the Legislative Council, and at tho suggestion of his Excellency tho Governor, and it was not until November 10, notwithstanding numerous petitions of various kinds against it, that it finally passed both chambers, and became law. The Postal Act Amondment Bill passed its second reading on October 1, passing through committeo on October 6, and being: read a third timo next day. Tho Friendly Societies Act Amendment Bill was read a first time on Sep6embor 30, a second time on October 1, passed through committee on October 14, and was read a third timo noxt day. The Federal Council (Adopting ) Bill was introduced and read a first timo on Octobor 8, a second time on October 20, and was taken into committee on October 21, and read a third time next day. Tho resignation of Mr. J. L. Bale of his seat for Enoggera was announced on October 13. The Unduo Sub division of Land Prevention Bill, which had been read a first timo on July 16, waa read a Bccond time on September 29, passed through committee on October 23, and was read a third time next day. Mr. Jordan's motion to give free grants of land to immigrants was '.carried on October 16 by 29 votes to 2. The plans, &o.; , of tho Cooktown-May town railway woro adopted at tho same sitting; thoso of the Logan extension on October 22 ; thoso of the ex tension through Fortitude Valley to Bowen Hills on that dato also ; thoso of tho South Coast extension to Beonleigh, Southport, and Nerangon Octoher27. Mr. Dickson on that day brought down tho supplementary estimates and supply, to which for months past intermittent attention had been paid, now began to absorb more time. On September 30, Mr. Chubb in troduced a petition for tho soparation of Northern and Southern Queensland. Me. Midgley's Forest E.ing motion got through on November 6. On November 10, the considera tion of the estimates in chief and supplementary estimates was concluded, and the consequent Appropriation Bills wore passed through all their stages on tho next two sittings of the House. On Novcmbor 17, tho return of Mr. W. V. Brown as the second memborforTowns- villo was announced, and leave of absence was granted to him for the remainder of the session. Parliament was prorogued on November 19, having sat 67 days, and passed 21 Acts, as follow: The Appropriation Bills assented to August 4 and November 19 ; Additional Mom bers Bill, September 1; Beer Duty Bill, Sep tember 30 ; Charitablo Institution Management Bill, September 22; Crown Lands Bill, Sep tember t; Customs Duties Bills, September 30; Eleotion Bill, Ootober 19 ; Federal Council Act Bill, November 5 ; Friendly Societies Bill, November 3 ; Licensing Bill, Novombor 10 ; Marsupial Bill, September 1 ; Pacific Islanders Employers Compensation Bill, August 26 ; Pacific Island Labourers Aot Amendment Bill, November 10 ; Police Officers Relief Bill, May 18 ; Undue Subdivision of Land Bill, . November 3 ; Patent Act Amendment Bill, October 16 ; Victoria Bridge Closuro Bill, October 16. Tho Council did not return tho Members Expenses Bill, and the Local Govern ment Act Amendment Bill was laid aside. Three bills (tho Justices Bill, Rabbit Bill, and Settled Land Bill) camo down from tho Counoil — two of which (the first and third) wero among the slaughtered innocents, and two private bills were passed. FOURTH SESSION. On Tuesday, July 15, 1886, tho fourth session of the Parliament was opened by the U6iial proclamation. During the recess Mr. Francis Reid Murphy had been oleotod a member for the Barcoo, and Mr. Robert Philp for Musgravo. Mr. Archibald Arohor had re signed his seat ior Blackall, and Sir Thomas M'llwraith his for Mulgrave, and the death of Mr. Francis Beattie had loft a vacunoy in tho representation for Fortitude Valley. Mr. Bul cock succeeded Mr. Balo as representative for Enoggera, Mr. William Pattison replaced Mr. Archer, and Mr. S. W. Brooks Mr. Beattio. Subsequently Mr. Adams was returned in tho Btead of Sir Thomas M'llwraith. Botweon tho close of tho previous session nnd tho commence ment of this, Mr. Griffith,, tho Promier, and Mr. J. R. Dickeon, Colonial Treasurer, had represented Queoneland at tho first meeting of tho Federal Counoil, whioh had beonheld in January at Hobart. Upon tho Houso as sembling tho Premier announced some changes in tho distribution of portfolios whioh had oconrred in tho Oubinot. Tho Premier took the titlo of Chief Seoeetary, and tho Hon. B. B. Moreton took tho portfolio of Colonial Secretary. Tho Governor's speech referred to 1ho meeting of tho Federal Counoil and' regrotted the still unsettled ?con- dition of affairs in connection with the govern ment of Now Guinea. Tho Indian and Colonial Exhibition was alluded to, and the usual notiuo given of tho row mensures to whioh the atten tion of Parliament was to bo dirootod. The past sitting of tho Houso was devoted to the disposal of tho usual business. On Wednesday tho following bills wero introduced and read a first timo: Labourers from British- India Act Repeal Bill (second reading, July 20; com mittee, 21 ; third, 22), and Elootoral Tribunals Billisecond, July 22; committee, August 11 and 12 ; third, 17). Tho Members' Expenses Bill, which had been passed by this House, and thrown out and never returned by tho Legis lative Council, was ro- introducod by tho Premier on July 15. The bill was read a second timo on division by 28 to 12 votes, on July 10, and passod through cpmmitteo on Wednesday, July 22, read a third time tho following clay, and -was roturnod from the Counoil on Septembor 8. Upon tho samo dny (July 15), tho following bills wero also read a first timo : Patents Act Atnondmont BUI (seeond reading July 10, oommitteo 21, third, July 21) ; Pearl Shell and Beoho-do-mor Fishery Aot Amondmejit Bill (second July 10, committeo 17, third 28) ; Justices Bill (sooond 21, committeo July 28 to August 3, tliird August 4) ; Marsupial Destruction Aot Con tinuation Bill (second reading July 22, com mitteo September 14, th'rd Soptembor 15.) Mr. Brown took his seat on July 20, on which date also Mr. Jordan presented a peti tion praying for tho repeal of tho ContagiouB Diseases Aot. Subsequentlyja largo number of other similar petitions was received, and lato in tho sceion, on October' 1, a lengthy, im portant, and spirited debate took plaoo on a motion tabled by Mr. Jordan, that tho Act of 1808 ought to bo repealed, tho rosult of which wiib that 15 mombers voted for and 15 against tho motion. Tho Spoakor gavo his casting vote with tho ayos and tho question was resolved in tho affirmativo, but from thon till now no further progresB has boon made in tho matter and no offort made to carry tho motion into offect. On July 20, tho motion of Mr. Griffith that all Bcaled packots of ballot papers should bo destroyed by tho olerk of tho Legislative AflBcmbly, after the pariod of safe keeping prescribed by tho Aot had expired, wiib curried with an amondment by Mr. Hill, ' ox cept for tho electorate's of Cooktown and Townovillo.' Messrs. Walter Adams and William Pattison took their seats on Juty 21. On July 27, Mr. Griffith introduced tho Offenders' Probation Bill, whioh was thon read . a first timo, a second timo on August 3, taken through oommitteo on August 12, and road a third timo on August 13. The Mineral Oils Bill was read a first time oa July 27, a socond on August 3, co'ir.nittcrl August 4, and read a third timo tho m xt day. Tho first Appropria tion Bill was passed through all its stages on July 27. _ Thn Looal Authorities (Joint Action) Bill, whioh had boon introduced and road- a first timo on July 15, was nnwroad a second time, carriod through committco (boing onoo or twico recommitted) from August 4 to August 11, and passed its third reading August 12. On July 2S tho Gold Mining Companies Bill was read n first timo, being read a second on August 17, committed Septombor 8, and road a third time on September 9 with its titlo altorod to that of Mining Companies Bill. Mr. Hill moved for tho statement of olaim of M'Sharry and O'Rourko against tho Government on July 29, and tho papers wero produced on August 10\. The Elections Ace, 1885, Amendmont Bill was read n first time on July 29, a second timo on August 3, committed August 4, and read a third time noxt day. On tho dato first 'men tioned tho Employers' Liability Bill was'intro duced and read a'firet timo, and after a dobato tho second reading was carriod on August 10, and tho bill was debuted in committeo from August 17 to August 19, tho third roading taking place noxt day.' Mr. Miles brought in the Mineral Lands (Coal Miuing) Bill on July 29, Becond reading August 3, committed August 5, and third reading August 6. Tho same Minister on tho sumo dato (July 29) introduced and had read a first timo tho Gold fields Act Amendment Bill, whioh was road a second time on August 24, committed Septem ber 14, and read a third tirao Septombor 15. Mr. Moreton then introduced th6 Opium Bill, which was read a first time on July 29, a second on August 10, committed August 29, and read a third time on September 8. The plans, &c;, of the Emu Park Railway deviation were ap proved of en August 3, on which' dabo tho Divisional Boards Bill was introduced and read a first time, to bo discharged from tho paper on August 17, and ropluced by tho Divisional Boards Bill, No. 2, which was taken into committee on September 15, emerging thence, after long and earnest debato on September 28, and being rend a third timo next day. The Settled Lands Bill was received from tho Council on August 4, rend a second 'time on August 24, committed September 9, and passed noxt day. On August la Mr. Dicksou brought down the Estiraates-in-Chief, which wero then referred to Committee of Supply. Tho Water Bill was introduced and read a first time on August 1 7 and a second on Soptember 7, but it waa among the slaughtered innocents at tho end of tho session. Tho separation debate was commenced on Mr. Macrossau's motion on August 29, and was continued on September 2, when tho the motion was lost by 40 votes to 9. Mr. Jordan re-introducedhis free land-grant to f ull paying immigrants.motion on August 26, anci the debate on it was continued on Soptembor 2, when the motion to introduce a bill to that effect was agreed to. Tho Immigration Act Amendment Bill passed its first reading on August 26, its seeond on August 31, was com mitted on the samo day, and read a third timo on September 1. The Customs Dutios Bill and Succession Duties Bill wero both read a first time on August 31, a second time on keptem her 1, committed the saino day, nnd read a third time on September 2. Tho Health A.ct Amendment Bill was introduced and read a first timo on September 7, a second time on Sep tember 8, committed September 9, and passed September 10. On tho return of tho Justices Bill from theCounoilon September 16, the Spea ker had occasion again to draw attention to an infringement of the privileges of tho Assembly, and after debate a message was sent back to tho Council disagreeing with their amendment on the bill'. The Quarantine Bill was read a first time on Septembor 17, a second on Sep tember 21, committed September 24, and passed September 28. On the first-mentioned dato the Crown Lands Ant Amendment Bill was introduced, read a second tinw on October 5, and committed on October 12, emerging after prolonged debates a month later, and pass ing its third reading tho noxt day. Mr. Dickson introduced the Oyster Bill on September 21 , and it passed through its various stages thus : second reading, Octobor 5 ; com mittal, October 7 ; and after a recommittal it was read a third time on Ootober 12i Tho im pending difficulty over the Justices Bill was averted on September 29 by the Council inti mating a willingness not to insist on their pro posed amendments. The Premier on October 5 introduced and had read a fi rst time a Bill to Amend tho Licensing Act, 1885, which was read a second time on Octobor 7i committed October 26, and passed noxt day. Tho Trado Union Bill was introduced on Ootober 12, taken through committco on Octobor 20, and read a third time on November 2. On the samo dato tho Local Government Bill was read a first timo, pissing through its re . jnniniDg- stages on tho following- elates : Second reading October 13, committal October 13, and third reading noxt day. On tho 17th October the British Companies Bill was introduced and read a first time, but was withdrawn on November 3, when the British Companies Bill No. 2 was substituted, the latter being read a 6econdtimeon tho 11th, committed on tho ICth, and passed on tho 17th. Tho plans of tho Normanton towards Cloncurry railway woro approved on October 19, and of the deviation of tho Northern railway into Hughendon, of tho Fassiforn deviation, and of tho lino through Fortitude Valley to Mnyno, wero also ap proved on the samo dato. This date, Ootober 19, is also memorable in that thon tho Council's amendments in tho Divisional Boards Bill were again received, and considered an in fringement of tho privileges of tho Lower House, since thoso amendments woro hold to interfere with a money bill. Subsoquontly a similar infringement was found in the Council's amendments in tho Local Government Aot Amendment Bill, and it will bo remembered that tho two houses coming into' irreconcilablo conflict over thomatter,- tho question was- ro ferrcd to tho Privy Counoil, and boforo the next session commenced tho fact was cabled from tho- homo authorities that tho Assembly wore in tho right. Beforo this session conoluded tho plans, &c;, of tho following railways wero approved : Warwick towards St. Goorgo, Laidley Creek branch, North CoaBt extension, Maryborough to Gnvndah, first section; Glad?tone to Buuda herg, Cleveland bransh, Bowon towards Ayr, first section ; Cooktown to Maytown extension, and Central Railway extonsion. Tho Bowcn to Townsvillo Railway Bill was introduced on November 5,' read a second timo, and com mittedon Novembor 10, and passed, next day. Mr. Morehead was granted loavo of absence for tho remainder of the session on Novorabor 18\. On November 22, Mr. Hamilton's motion to place £5,000 on tho supplementary estimates for gold prospecting was negatived by 19 votes to 8. Tho Premier moved on Novombor 24, that tho Assembly approves of tho proposals of tho colonies of Now South Wales, Victoria, and Queensland contributing towards tho futuro administration of Now Guinea, iJiis oolony con tributing not moro than £15,000, and the motion was agreed to. On this dato tho duties of tho Committeo of Supply wero fully dis charged and tho requisite Appropriation BillB wero passed. Tho Now Guinea administration proposals wero adopted on Novomber 25, und tho Treasury Bills Bill introduced tho previous day passed through committee and was read a third timo next day. Parlia ment was prorogued on December 2, having sat 74 days and passed 16 bills aB under : — Two Appropriation Bills, assented to August 3 and December 2; Bowen- TownsviL'o Railway Bill, December 2; British Companies Bill, December 2 ; Railway Sooioties Bill, Decom ber 2 ; Crown Lands Act Amendment Bill, December 2 ; Customs Duties Bill, Septombor 22 ; Elections Act 18G5 Amendmont Bill, Sop tember 4 ; Eleotions Tribunal Bill, Soptomber 14; Employers' Liability Bill, November 10; Goldfields Act Amendment Bill, October 13; Goldfields Homestead Leases Bill, Decombor 2; Health Aot Amendment Bill, Octobor 13 ; Immigration Act Amendment Bill, Soptomber 14; Justico Bill, Ootober 13 ; Labourers from British India Acts Repeal Bill, Soptember 4 ; Liquor Bill, December 2; Local Authorities (Joint Action) Bill, Octobor 13 ; Local Gov ernment Aot Amendment Bill, Novomber 10 ; Marsupials Destruction Aot Con struction Bill, October 13 ; Mombors Expenses Bill, Septcmbor 10 ; ? Mine ral Lando (Coal Mining) Bill, Octobor 13; Mineral Oil Bill, September 22 ; Mining Com panieB Bill, October 13; Offenders Protection Bill, Ootober 6; Oyster Bill, . November 10; Paoifio Iblnnd Labourers' Bill, September 4 ; Patents Bill, Soptember 4; Pearlshell BUI, September i ; Quarantine Bill, November 10 ; Succession Dutios Bill, Septembor 29 ; Trades Unions Bill, December 2 ; Treasury Bills Bill, Decombor 2. Tho Divisional B jards Bill was not returned from tho Council, and the Water Bill was Btopped by tho prorogation ; but ono hill (the Settled Land Bill) camo down tho Council, and two privato bills woro passod. During this Bossion tho Promier was honoured by being created a K.C.M.G. ' FIFTH SESSION. Tho fifth session of tho ninth Parliament commenced on Tuesday, July 19. His Excel lency tho Governor opened the session with a speech in which ho referred to tho jubileo of tho Queen's reign, the Colonial Conforonoo in London ami tho subjects discussed thoro, affairs in New Guinea, tho recent flood, tho incroasod settlement on publio lands, and tho last census. In addressing himself to tho business of ths session ho first congratulated tho Houso on Bigns of returning prosperity. Ho thon pro ceeded to say what measures would bo brought forward, and to what ends. Amongst tho first were promised bills for improving tho adminis tration of publio business in tho moro re mote, parts of Queensland. Ho hinted that tho scheme for tho proposed separation of tho country, had died for tho want of breath. Bills, dealing with local government wero promised, and also bills to doal with, natural waters. Tho following list of measures was specifically named : — A Bill to pravido for the Registration of Copy right Books published in Queensland ? A Bill to amend tho Postal Laws A Bill to amend tho Audit Act A Bill to mako bettor provision for the Protec tion of Women and Girls A Bill to amend the law as to Fisheries in Queensland Waters A Bill to regulate tho Manufacture and Supply of Gus A Bill to amend tho law relating to Auc tioneers Bills to provido for tho Protection of Workmen and tho Security of their Wages BUIb to amend tho laws relating to Diseases in Animals A Bill to shorten the Duration of Parliaments. After this, and having offered a short prayer, His Excellency withdrew, nmid great firing of cannon and shouting on tho part of tho drum major. Tho Houso entered upon its work quiotly, although fiom tho first thore wera BitriiB of discontent on one side, and of a watoh ful anxiety on tho other to turn to good ac count any little incident that could bo so turned in favour of parties at tho coining eleotion. O£ bills promised in tho vice-regal Bpeech, and of those which wero introduced afterwards, tha following have become law : — Valuation Bill. Divisional Boards Bill Copyright Registration Bill (Queensland) Queensland Fisheries Bill Real Property (Local Registries) Bill Electoral Districts Bill Local Government Act of 1878 Amondment Bill Immigration Act Amendment Bill British New Guinea (Queensland) Bill Distilleries Act of 1849 Amendment Bill Marsupials Destruction Act Amendment Bill Tho ? following privato bills havo been passed : — BLiidaberg School of Arts Land Salo Bill Cooneana Railway Bill Lady Bowen Lying-in Hospital Laud Sale Bill Toohey Estate Enabling Bill Australian Joint Stock Bank Act Amendment Bill To theso may bo added the usual Appropria tion Acts and tho Acts giving authority to issue Treasury bills for railway and revenue pur poses. It will be seen that of tho measures promised several did not pass. Only ono of the three bil's named in regard to facilitating business in the northern part of tho country has become law. Of other measures which did not pass Borne wero not pressed, and the remainder wore withdrawn to mako way for moro important measures. A good deal of timo was spent on tho Electoral Districts Bill, not on acoount of its inhinsic importance, for it did not involve a single political principle ; it was a mere adjust ment of boundaries of electorates on long established conditions, and tho timo was oc cupied by members who feared that their electorates in somo way might suffer by theso changes. The session was not at all a barren one, and if better results wero not obtained than tho publio had been led to expect, it was because a email party in the House appeared to think that there might bo too much joy. Tho only serious events of the session were tho successful efforts made to block tho following railways, namely : A branch lino to Thane's Creek ; tho South Const Railway being brought into Melbourne street, South Brisbano ; and the lino from Nor manton to Croydon goldfield. After this, so determined a stand was made against tho Naval Defence Bill that it was withdrawn. It Ehould bo stated that no distinct vote was token against it. Tho Opposition wero content1 to stonewall tho measure, ijarly in the session a serious aspect was given to affairs by tho resignation of tho Treasurer, tho Hon. J. R. Dickson, and tho Postmaster General, tho Hon. T. Macdonald-Patsrson. The latter's post was takon by tho Hon. W. H. Wilson, in tho Legislative Council, and the Premier himself went to tbo Treasury. It has not yet been mado quite clear on what points exactly tho Treasurer resigned, but _ it is Buf&cient; to say that it was in connection with, proposals in regard to tho Treasury, and in regard to tho proposed methods of dealing with tho northorn part of tho country. Ono of the proposals as to ' tho Treasury was io imposo a land tax at tho rate of Id. in tho £. Tin's was strongly opposed at tho time by many. Tho Opposition feared, however, to take a test vote on tho subject. When a division was called for thoy loft tho chamlori Tho proposal was afterwards with drawn. It was over this subject, as a whole, that tho lato Treasurer resigned his seat also, and appealed to his constituents, who sent him baok Sr a substantial vote. During tho session tho on. William Miles died suddenly, though not altogether unexpectedly. In tho readjustment of offices, Mr. Dutton, Minister for Lands, suc ceeded Mr. Miles, and was himself succeedod by Mr. Jordan. Few othor changes took plaoo in tho Houso. Mr. Midgloy, member for Fassifern, resigned, and was succeeded by tho Hon. George Thorn; Mr. Horwitz, member for Warwjck, resigned, aud was succeeded by Mr. Morgan ; Mr. Allen succeeded Mr. Miles for Darling Downs. On tho life of tho present Parliament has been stirring and evontf ul. Tho Government Iiuto held their own from tho first to the last. There has never been tho slightest probability that they would bo overturned, or that if they ?were, an appeal to tho country whioh they woro entitled to demand would not send them baok again. TheParliamenthasbeenhappilyfroefrom Eccnes and scandals ; and it -n ill bo remembered ub ono of tho most useful Parliaments that ovor eat in Queensland, not even excepting tho Arcadian Assembly, tho first, in which every uuin thought only of tho country, its hearths, und its gods. It is semi-offieially announced that from noxt spring the port of Cronstadt will bo closed to merchant vessels, and that all ships will have to load and unload in tho new maritime caual at St. Petersburg. ? Sheffield, England, has just come into possession of a complotod art gallery, well supplied with objects, the gift of a brewer, who left £15,000 to build the gallery, with bi» own collection of paintingn, vulued dt £30,000. Tub number of steamers existing in tho . world last year was estimated at 9,969, of an aggregate burthen of 10,531,643 tons. Tho corresponding number of steamers existing in the world in 1885 was estimated at 9,642, of an aggregate burthen of 10,2J)l,24rtons. Sixty- onb women in all havo mado tho accent of Mont Blano. Tho fact is tostiflod, Bays a correspondent of Galignani, ' by tho tmtiqiio regiskrer religiously kept at tho offico of the guides at Chamonix, as ovcrybody. may see for hirasclf. Tho first female ascent of tho giant of tho Alps was mado by two French women, ono of aristoorutio und tha other o£ ' ? plebeian birth. Their oxamplo was quiokly followed in after seasons, and in tho ond tho accord stands so follows : — Englishwomen, 32 ; Frenchwomen, 15 ; Russian women, 4. ; Ameri can women, S ; Swiss women, 2 ; and Prussian* Danish, Hungarian, Italian, and Austrian, 'i em h. Eleven of those lndieB aoconrpaniod thoiv I liutl'!U.c]8. ? ? ? '' ; 