Indian NEWS BY THE AMERICAN MAIL. of o continue our extracts from American files to hand : } ; ' UNITED STATES. New York, December 15. Five insurance companies is received from Charleston, S. C, yesterday a communion from a special committee of builders and architects, bodying the results of a thorough inspection of the siding in that city injured by the recent oaitluiunkc, my of which are insured in companies in this and other northern cities. They inspected in all 8000 buildings, toy found 90 per cent, of these, built of brick, more or less ranged, while frame buildings suffered only from falling moneys; cracked plastering, and injured foundations. The stores and mills all suffered more or less, but churches as last suffered more' than other edifices. Not 100 chimneys of 14,000, escaped damage, and Ho percent, of those, 5000 were ', broken off at the roof and went to the sound. , Baltimore, December 17. The Sun has the following being from Columbia, S.C. The efforts to enrol the housed people, in the Knights of Labour have caused much bitter feeling on the part of farmers. To protect the farmers against the organisation of the coloured people showing on their plantations, The Senate has passed, by a igo'mivjority, And the House will doubtless make it a law, bill making its conspiracy, punishable by fine and in prisonment, to interfere" between employer and employee in any contract, whether written or verbal. The possibility of a strike at the cotton-picking time, when the whole crop If the State would be lost if not properly gathered, waistline principal arguments used, together with the declaration that ! a strike occurred among the negroes much more blood would be spilled than last summer in Chicago and St. Louis. . Charleston (S. C), December 15. A week ago the News and Courier published a dispatch from York county, S. C, reporting that a white boy named John Leo Good had been so beaten and mangled that he soon died, and that four Coloured men had been arrested as murderers and committed Ltd gaol. It was stated that the theory was that some of the Negroes had been detected by the boy in the act of stealing cotton from his father's field, and that to prevent their arrest they killed him. There was great excitement the County in consequence, and several more arrests were shade. The News and Courier, to get the facts, sent a special correspondent to York, and will publish the result of his investigations. He says that there is evidently an alarming state of affairs in York county, and it is probable that an organisation exists among the coloured people which COntptnplntcs murder in the event of the detection of any I j member accused of a crime. Twenty-six negroes are under f arrest: The' inquest on the body of the murdered boy before of 6 jury brought out all the facts. One of the negroes turned . Estate's evidence, and another admitted that he had killed n J Ryan who was found murdered in the county eighteen months ago. Several of the coloured witnesses at the inquest swore distinctly that they had a club in the County for the purpose of stealing cotton, provisions, whisky, do. The members were to steal whatever they wanted, and if detected' were sworn to kill the person who protected them. The club had different names, but was generally known as "The Rising Star Lodge, No. 24, of the Grand United Order of National Labourers and the Political Society of North America." The charter came from Charlotte, N. C and is dated December, 1884. The charter, however, would seem to show that the society had only benevolent and fraternal objects. Among other things revealed at the inquest was a plot to waylay wealthy men who had money. One of the witnesses gave a detailed account of the murder of the poor boy, John Leo Good, and also the names of his accomplices in the crime. Talk of a general lynching has abated, but the indignation and unrest are intense. Chicago, December 17. The Times' Bismarck (D. T.) special says A report reached here from the Bad Lands that an immense geyser of fire was discovered in that region yesterday. Two hunters were startled by seeing a blaze of fire shoot up over a hundred foot and for an hour the flames which came roaring through the crust of the earth rose over 30 feet in the air. The snow was melted about the place for a quarter of a mile, and the effect upon the atmosphere was quite perceptible. For a year there I have been burning coal veins in the Bad Lands, but never until now have they developed any explosive symptoms. Scientists who have travelled over this region have accounted for the strange formation by the supposition that it one time the entire area was an immense coal bed, which became ignited through some internal cause, and as it turned away the crust of the earth fell in. This theory has been strengthened by the " burning mines," or veins of coal, which have been burning over since the discovery of the country. It is believed the cause of tho great geyser of fire which bursts for this the gas accumulated by the burn- ing coal, and the explosion was the natural result of the pent-up forces. When last heard from large flames of fire were Doing emitted at intervals of from 10 to 15 minutes. Atlanta (Ga.), December 17. On Thursday, shortly after midnight, the house of John Swalling was burned down. Inside were Mr. Swilling, his wife, and three children, all of whom were burned to death. Francis Saunders was arrested, and confessed that he had crushed in the skulls of the sleepers, saturated the bed-clothes with books oil, applied a match, and left. The citizens seized the murderer and carried him off to lynch him. A rumour has reached here that Sanders was tied to a tree and burned to death. Washington, December. 17. In connection with the war claim of the State of Vermont against the Government for 68,890 dollars, the Secretary of the Treasury has transmitted to Congress letters from the Third Auditor and the Chief of Ordnance alleging an indebtedness on the part of that State to the Government of 543,780 dollars on account of arms and equipment furnished by the Government during the late war for the protection of its frontiers. Louisville, December 17 The Louisville Jockey Club has completed arrangements whereby, in the spring of 1889, there will be a run at its racecourse of a mile and a quarter, for a stake of 50,000 dollars, perhaps the richest over run in America. The conditions are modelled after those of the great English Eclipse Stakes. It will require a great many entries to till the stake of such value, but the terms of entry are such that owners and breeders can well afford to make nominations, the forfeits being comparatively light, when the odds are taken into consideration. For the first year after the entry is made the forfeit is only 50 dollars ; the odds therefore are 00 dollars To 00,000 dollars. New York, December 10. The Tribune says-A syndicate of Dumble capitalists has been formed to assist the immigration of farmers whom hard times have compelled to sell out and to found a colony somewhere in the far north-west, where they may begin life again under condi- tons offering material guarantees of success, as well as eeur)iV'lWbin the tricks of land sharks. Its accredited ipreMituiive, Soren KJoer, ex-member of Folkcthing, vfteiiHl-^'is city last: week and went west at once to begin a exploration of the region in which the proposed Moment is to be placed, with special reference to weather conditions. K poor will spend a month or six weeks ,vsJ¿mgJlirough Minnesota, Wisconsin, and Dakota, and ITrolurn, at once to Copenhagen to report and take part those organisation of the colony. It is reported from engages that something like 1,250,000 dollars has been scribed towards the purchase of land in the north-west the opening of the settlement, and that M. Tietjon, tho t enterprising, of Danish capitalists, is one of the man to head of the undertaking. The plan excites much in t in Denmark, as it is the first attempt to found a dis _ ., Danish colony on American territory, is poor's headquarters during his western tour will be in St. Paul. 