'? NEWS OF TEE DAY. _? AsornER Bulgarian crisis soema to bo imminent, According to a cablegram wo publish this morning, «dvices from that country state that heavy firing has leen heard at Silistiia, whoro, it will bo remembered, tho rising of tho military took placa a few wooka »go. A OAHLEOiuir, which wo publish in another column, states the leading provisions of tho Crimos Bill latoly introduced by the Conservative Government Tho bill ?empowers two magistrates to summarily deal with offondors in casos of conspiracy, boysotting, rioting, and assaulting the officers of justice, as woll as in cases whoro peroOUB aro charged with unlawfully takingpos ?ession of proporty- Offondois of this class aro liable upon conviction to bo sentenced to imprisonmont for a period not exceeding six months. Crimes of a graver nature may bo tried in England upon a certificate of the English and Irish Attorneys-General. IN view of tbo cablegram whioh was published in tho Eerala, on Monday, to the oflbot that Iskandor Khan had boon ordeiod to advanco on Herat, the fol- lowing roferenco by tho Broad Arrow to that Prince ?will bo road with interest :-" Islander Khan, a relativo of Abdurrahman, the Afghan Ameer, now in tho ser- vice of Persia, has reguestod permission to re-ontor tho »Russian Army, wjlii his former rank of Liontonout r-olonel. This Afghan Prince, it will bo rornomberod, left Afghanistan about twenty yeais ago with his followers, and attaohed himsolf to the Emir of Bokhara. Ho soon deserted the Emir for the Eussions, and took part with tho latter in capturing Samarkand. ITo thon ¡ enterod a Hussion Hussar regimont at St. Potorsburg, auton ona of his men ia the Imcoriol escort bein« struok by the commander, Iskandor insulted that officer, and left Russia to reside in England. Ho now re-appears as a Persian Gonoral desirous of being re- placed in the llussian Guards." His Excellency Lord Carrington will proceed to Bulli to-day to personally visit tbn homes of tho familios barcavod by tho lato colliery disaster. THE Legislativo Council meets to-day at half-past i p.m. The business comprises two quostians-ono by ?Mr. Hill, and tho othor by Mr. Piddington, one Go- vernment notico of motion, and four general motions, while the only order of tho day is the second reading of tho Cremation Bill. It is probablo thai the Con- ditional Purchases and Leases Validation Bill will bo received from tho Lofrislative As&ombly;, und that it and Mr. Salomons' Bill to codify tho law relating to b'ills of oxchango will be read tho first time. Tho Supply Bill will go through all its stages, providing; of eourso, tho meeting of tho llouso does not lapso from want of a quorum. THE Logislotivo Assombly during its sitting yester- day got through a largo amount of bu-inea^. Sir Henry Parkes brought in the Eoieign Criminals Bill, j and it was read tho first timo : ¡mci a long discussion , then took place upon a motion for adjournment with ' reference chiefly to tho Examiner ot Coalfields and the Bulli ditter. Following upon this tho Honso dealt with tho motions upon the paper and went through tho list. The motion relating to compensation to Captain Armstrong, which proposed that this IIousc Ehould on Friday next go into committee to consider tho subjoct, was agreed to formally, Sir Henry Parke», reserving lo tho Government tho right to take what course in committee thoy might doom best A motion mov.d by Mr. Abbott, asking for certain information with regard to circuit courts, was passed, altor somo important Etalements had been made on the subject of those courts ; and tho IIouso then pio cceded to corridor Mr. O'Sullivau's resolution with reference to tho improper uso of tho power of oflice during elections by a Minister of the Crown, which was rejected by 50 votes to G. Amongst the other business of the bitting was the rejection of a mo- tion moved by Mr. Hurley, proposing a reduction of tho salaries of persons in tho employ of tho Government ; reading Uio Divovco Extension llvll tho third time, and forwarding tho measure to the Legislativo Council ; and reading the Public Yehic'os Itogulation Act Amend- ment Bill the second timo, and passing it through committee. Tho House, at its rising, adjourned until 5 o'clock this afternoon, this hour being axed to enable tlio Speaker, the officers of the Hou^e, and members, if thoy think it desirable, to attend the funeral of tho Into Mr. J. A. Vivian, one of tho clerks of the Assembly, whoso death took plaeo yesterday. TUE Colonial Secretary- laid upon tho tablo of the Legislative Assembly last .vening a return relativo to tho cartage of military baggage and stores to and from tho Easter Enoampmoiii No tenders were ro ooivod for this work in either 1SS5 or 188G ; but for this year tho following tendéis vvoro received:-E. Sutton, for conveyance of stores, &c;, to and from military camp, £250 ; for sorvico of such transport as may bo required in camp-ono horseiand cart, 14s. jjor dioni ; two horses and cart, 25s.per diem ; four hors-os and cart, 40s. per diom. T. ifenloy, for conveyance of stores, &c; to and from malary camp, £80 ; for aervico of such transport as may bo equired in camp-one horso and catt, 8s. 9d. per dim ; two horses and cart, 10s. per diem ; four horse and cart, 25s, per diem. Wright, Heaton, and Co., ir convoy anee of stores, &e.;, to and from military caip, £125; for service of such transport as may bo iquired in camp-ono horse and cart, 20s. per diem ; Vo horses and cart, 82s. Cd. por diom ; four horsesind cart, 87s. Cd. per diem. J, Hartigan, for comyanco of stores, &c;, to and from military camp, £100; for servico of such trant-port ks may bo required in camp-ono horso and cart.lls. per diem; two horses and cart, 17s. 6d. per din ; four horses and cart, 25s. per diem. Tho tender oWright, Heaton, and Co. had boen accepted. IT is tho intention of tho Colonial Treasurcto give his exposition of tho finances of the couny this evening : but it is probable that, owing to theoviston of the Estimates boing conduotod up to tho last hour possiblo. he will not bo prepared to deliver tL state- ment before 8 o'clock. IN reply to Mr. Trickett, who asked yestordt af tor noon in tho Assembly when it was intended carry out tho promise lo extend the torminat'on of tj first section of the Paddington tram lin« from Ehb&lh; Btreet to Quoon-street, Mr. Sutherland stated tt tho first section would be extended to Queen-street oMon day next, 4th April. Tira wholo question of tho present state of ti law in refoienco to friendly societies is to rocoivo thearly consideration of tho Government, but it is not holy that a bill dealing with tho question will bo intruced into Parliament this session. THE sentence of 12 months' imprisonment upttho child Cbailo3 Wilson, for placing an obstructionpon the railway, was brought bofore the Legislative Assebly yesterday by Mr. Allen, who asked the Ministfor JuBtieo if ho would give the matter his attention. Ur. W. Clarke said tho matter had boen brought undihis notice, and ho intended to ask his Exeolloncy thJo Tornor to remit the sentence. This statement »as recoived with cheers. ,Tnc commission to secure the adequate roprosenton or this colony at the Melbourne International Exhibin has been appoinlod, but for some reason tho nainof | the commissioners havo beon withhold from pli- cation. A HETCTRN waa laid upon tho table of the Legislao Assombly last evening giving coi tain detailed infoi tion lolativo to tho last gonoral élection. Tho pa showed that tho number of members elected was I4 the number of electors on the roll, 230,100; 1 number of poraons who voted, not including infort, votes, 128,780 ; tho number of porsons who rccorc informal votos, 2275 ; tho total number of perse ?who voted, l'öl,0G2 ; and the total number of eloct< on tho rolls of electorales in whioh contests took plai 220,228. TUB Minister "r Tilines was questioned in ti Assombly yosterday asvto whether it was the intentii of the Govorumont to enforce, without delay, the laboi conditions on mining leases now lying unworked in ti various mining centres, and in reply ho said that ti wardens and the inspectors of mines had boen instruote to report all cases of non-work. In addition to this, a inducement was offered to miners to report such casoi To enable thom to do this, lists were published period' cally of all leaso3 in forco, and tho uumbor of mon 1 be employed on each loaso ; and those lists wero o view at tho several wardens' offices. ACCORDE«} to an ansvvor given by the Minister fe Works to a question asked in tho Assembly yostorda; it is not intended to continuo tho running of f armor trains. THE Committee of Elections and Qualifications havoy considered tho question submitted to them relativo tok( tho seat of Dr. Willtinson, ono of the members for tho,) Glebo, und have docided that ho was not at tho time ol'l( his election, and is not at tho present timo, tho ¡¡ holder of an office of pratit under tho Crown, and that 5 ho is not disqualified from sitting or voting as a mern- , her of tho Legislative Assembly. Tho committee's ' report upon the 6ubjeot was brought up and read in tho | Assembly immediately after tho Houso mot yester- I day. WE deeply regret to have to announce the death of Mr. John Arthur Vivian, the second clerk assistant of the Legislative Assembly, which took place yesterday at his residence, Paddington. Mr. Vivian was well known to members of the Assombly as well as to the general public, for his urbanity, cheerfulness, and readiness to oblige ; and his knowledge of the duties appertaining to the position he occupied enabled him to be of the greatest service to members of the House. Mr. Vivian was only 51 years of age, and it is believed that the strain consequent upon the recent long sessions and protracted debates of the Assembly had much to do with his un- timely end. He is greatly regretted by all who knew him. THE primary object of tho visit of tho Ministor for Justice to Berrima on Saturday last was to ascertain whothor there was an ab=oluto nocossSty for exponding a sum of ¡£2500 in tho orection of new quarters for the polioo officor in charge of tho placo namotl. This sum was down upon the departmental Esti matos l'or the building described. Mr. Clurko questioned both tho Police Magistrato of Borrima (Mr. h\ It. Wilshire) aud the polioo officer in chargo, and they wera both unaworo I of any roprosontation having been forwarded from that | district that would involvo tho oxpowtituio of _250u, and added that a building of tho kind referred to having been provided, there was no need for any other. Tho senior-sergeant in charge expressed himself as thoroughly satisfied with his quarters, and said that ho would be glad to show Mr. Clarke ovor tho garden and Uio house. Tho Minister approached noar enough to tho house to judgo of its suitability, a-id in vieiv of tho assurance , of all who should bo acquainted with tho initiation of I auy expenditure for local objects, that no application had t huon made, determined on his retina to again look at the departmental estimates. Ho has, it is believed, siuco dono SO, and finds that he wits not mistaken as to the object to which the sum of £2500 was to bo appliod. Needle« to say it no lorg.r remains on tho Estimates, and au i ii vos'igation will bo mado to discover who was rejponsiblo for its appearance. A DEPUTATION of residents of Cobar waited upon tho Minisler for Works yesterday, with a viow to causing tho construction of the railway from JTyngan to Cobar to bo procoodod with. Tenders had been accepted for this line, but as the officers for the Department had sinco reported that its construction would entail a loss of £20,000 a year, the work w.is suspended. Tho deputa- tion now furnished certain information, showing that insload of a loss Uio working ol' the lino would result in a profit. Thoy were propared to support tho repre- sentations mado with documoiitiry evidence. Mr. Sutherland promised lo cniefully analy-o tlio informa- tion furnished, and to submit it to tho Gabmot A Li.TTim addressed to tho Refreshment Boom Com- | mitlco wiis handed about tho Legislativo Assombly j yesterday for tho signal uves of members. It was bigncd i\v a good number. Tho letter states certain matters I which it alleges aro at present oau<-o3 of great discontent and constant adverso comment. Tho first complaint is against tho cookery, tho signatories pointing out that thoy aro avvaio it is difficult to servo relays of viands during a course of two or three hours, so that the dvdics shall bo as appetising at the end as at tho beginning ; and therefore this matter should bo carefully studied, and all tho dishes for the evening's courso should not bo cooked at one time. Tho sauce, too, is an abomination. Tho second complaint is about the vegetables, of which it is stated that thero would seem to be only some four or fivo varieties of thoso comestibles within the ken of tho c7te/-and only one unvarying way of cooking thoso, namely, by boiling. The third complaint refers to cheese. The fiist principles of serving eheoso are un- known to tho staff. What is served is generally a frowsy stale bit of New Zealand or Bodalla cheese, which is handed round in broken fragments, with no snowy cloth siiriouniling it. Why could not a proper cut of cheese of various kinds, including English and Gruyere, bo provided, and let a corres- ponding chargo bo made if it is found nocossary ? The fourth complaint refers to tho utter inadequacy of tho service of waitera, and, us a remedy, the complainants suggest a trial of the ordinary club system of attach- ing to each table or tables particular waiters, whose duty it shall bo to attend to thoso tables solely. In tho fifth case Ike subscribers express tho opinion that a bottor selection of colonial wines might bo kopt. Sixthly, it is a matter of common romark that the oysters for supper aro about tho worst procurable in tho city. Tho curries aro simply beneath contempt, and the cook docs not understand how to boil rice. Wr. understand that Mr. A. C. Eraser, who has for somo time occupied the position of Clerk of tho Por/co, has been appointed Acting Undor-Seorotary for Justice. IN connoction with the new water supply, wo learn from the City Engineer that the water flint was interrupted at Campbelltown has been turned into tho canal, and it is travelling towards Sydney, bvrt up to last night it had not arrived sufficiently noox to tho metropolis for distribution. YraTEnn.vY tho weather in tho country disttiots was gonorally cloudy and gloomy, as it was in tho city, and tho winds wera light from N.E. to S.E. Bain had fallen at a few places in tho western division, and also in the north coast districts. Tun Tender Board sat yesterday and opened tenders for tho following works :-Bridge at Broughton Hill Cicek, 12 tenders; post and telegraph ofiioo at Nar- rabri, 4 ; soiver.igo works fiom University to Sydney, 13 ; iron Bridge over Broughton Creek, 5 ¡'Piora Crook bridgo, 10 ! tree public library, 8 ; signalling staff, Cope St. Georgo, 5 ; Stoney Crook Bridge, 2 ; Wee Waa bridge, 11; Goodman's Crook Bridgo, 5; Gambling Cioek Blidgo, 13; officer's residenco at Coolabah, 8; Newcastle Water Supply valves, 4. THE contract for tho Parramatta publia baths was signed at tho office of the architects, Messrs. Hill and Smith, yesterday morning, and tho contractor (Mr. Jaboz Laver) intonds to commence tho work imme- diately. Tho amount of his tender was ¿4297, and the valuo of certain material which is to bo provided by the council will bring tho total cost of tho buildings up to £5147, which will fin nish some idea as to their oxtent when completed. The oontraet timo will oxpire in December of the prosoni yoar, and it is hopod that tho baths will bo ready for uso in January next. TnE Abyssinia was released from quarantine yester- day morning, and nearly 400 of the immigrants who carno out in her as passengers wero liberatod from their compulsory confinement. About 210 passengers, however, remain at the quaiantine station, and will bo there detained until all danger of communicating any infectious disenso to others has coasod. Thoso persons occupied Iho only Compartment in tho vessel where any infectious diseaso could havo been con- tracted, heneo their detention was considered advisable. The Immigration Board, consisting of tho Very Bev. Doun Sheridan, Bov. J. D. Langley, Bov. S. Wilkinson, Bov. D. Smith, and Mr. G. F. Wiso, met on tho Abyssinia at noon, when they made tho usual inquiries of tho immigrants as to whether thoy had any complaints to make. Tho answor was in the negativa in each case. An inspec- tion of tho vossol was afterwards made by the board, when tho arrangements for the comfort of the immi- grants wero found to bo of a very satisfactory character, and a gonoial opinion was expressed that tho Abyssinia waa in that respect one of tho.bost stoamships tlAt has yet brought immigrants out hero. It will be of interest to stato that the Abyssinia is tho last vessel to bring immigrants to this port under the present arrangement between the Government and the Orient Company. AN action was brought in the Banco Court yesterday before his Honor the Chief Justice, and a jury of four, by Ebenezer John Fox, storekeeper, Burraga, against the Phoenix Company, for the recovery of £1500, alleged to be due under an insurance policy. The plaintiff's premises and stock-in-trade had been destroyed by fire, and the company, upon the plaintiff presenting his claim under an insurance policy, repudiated their liability. At the close of the case for the Plaintiff a settlement was arrived at, the plaintiff consenting to accept a verdict for £1000. In the Jury Court, before his Honor Mr. Justice Faucett, and a jury of four, the action brought by John Sullivan, navvy, against illiarn Bowo and James Smith, contractors, for tho jovery of £2000 damages, under tho Employers' ability Act, for personal injuries sustainod whilst o plaintiff was employed woiking for tho defendants, utractors for No. 2 section of the Illawarra Railway, is conoluded yesterday morning. Tho jury returned verdict for £371-equal to three years' wages, the ¡>st that could bo awarded under tho Employers' 'obiliiy Act The jury, in an action brought by arlos C. Gale, solicitor, against William Augustus [aier and Robert Robinson, for tho possession of six ;s of land at Bowral, returned a vordict for thoplaintiff. :tho Equity Court, yesterday, before Sir William aning, his Honor, in tho special case of Munro and 1rs v. Cook, gavo tho plaintiffs, who woro oxooutors 5r tho will of Donald Munro, late of Koora, power tell corlain land named in the will, to tho do lunt. Tho cuso of Frazer and others v. lly, was a similar ono, tho doubtful point i being whether cortain land in Clarenco-streot, hg somo old cottages upon it, carno within tho ti"stores," and was thorofoio rosorvod by the t(or, tho lato Hon. John Frazer, who desired certain i fi'.oros owned by him to remain in his family. A don was given by his Honor empowering tho ?tr>s to dispose of tho land, which ho hold did nome within tho roservo mentioned by the testator. TIUSOB sot down for trial at tho Third Court woro clc off yesterday, when several actions of a minor ch-.or were disposed of. In tho caso Jacobs v. SnTJio matter was settled, and in Cains v. Dixon, a clíiior £7ö, money advanced to tho dofondant, a venwaa given for tho amount claitnod. Honor Jutlgo Innes and other mombera of tho legaifcs.sion will no doubt bo profoundly thankful that! causos which woro rologatod to tho Special | Coat tho Now Masonic Hall aro over. As tho loarn'udgo romarked the other day, although the Public Works Department must havo known two or throe months ago thal a third Court would bo required for tho trial of causes, nothing was done by wav of propaiing Darlinghurst Court for tho purpose, but jus* at the last momoit the necessary íepiirs and alterations wero commenced, which lcndoi'i-d it impossible to v.so tho building when it was urgently roquiied. The conso- | quenco was that a private hall had to bo engaged at a heavy cost, and, as a further result, a consido rabio amount of tribulation. In tifo first place tho Now Masouiö Hall presented a decidodly theatrical avid dis- sipated appoawuico overy morning, hardly coaisisloiit with tho dignity and solemnity which, should attach to a court of justice, and tho platform being an inclinod piano thn>w an aspect of rakishnass over the whola of tho appurtenances, so objectionable that " ono trial sufficed," and for tho lemaindor of tho term the Court carno, clown to tho floor. Tho acoustic properties of the '"all, too, weie found to be unsuitable for the purpose, and the efforts to catch what the witnesses or counsel woro saying had a very irritating ofloct upon his Honor and others whose business it was to noto tho pror/eedings. Family jars in tho immediate vicinity, with an occasional in- harmonious solo hi- an infant pining for nutriment, mado matters still woiso, whilo tho crowing of roosters v\ ho had been up all night, and wero decidedly moro, oblivious of time than the early b/.rd in " Hamlet," provoked moie oaths than those which the witnesses wore called upon to talto. Under tfhese circumstances it was no doubt with a considerable amount of relief and plcasuro that his Honor yesterday discharged tho jury, and informed them that thero was no other case for , trial. Tnrj quarterly lecture t'o tho New South Wales Corps of Engineers was given by Lioutenant-Colonol Rovo, at tho Victoria Barracks, the subjoet treated being " Reconnaissance." There was au excellcirt muster-70 non-cowmjssioned officers and sappers, together with Lioute/mut Cansdell and Warrant-officer Masters being prosent Tho loctuvor fust explained that reconnaissance, was an expedition to obtain infor- mation concerning; a country through which a march is to bo made, tho -/round in the vicinity of a military post, or tho posi'yion of tho onomy's troops. Referring io the strength./composition, and omploymont of recon- noitring partie^ in soarcli of topographyoal infostnafion, ho mentioned, the various methods of noting c*!>sorva tionB in their reports for tho purpoFO of classification and eontourVng in subsoquont mapping, and showed by diagrams!)the conventional signs used in all military maps to denote the features of tho country, communi- cations, s'/ruelures, various bodies of troops,, fortifica- tions, &c;, which ho said should bo thoroughly mastered by all concerned. Colonel Rowe, after a few remarks with rogavd to lato innovations in weapons of warfare, brought tho parado to a close by a piactical examina tion o't tho corps in the meaning of'tho various infsatry bughi sounds. Tun weokly mooting of tho New South Wales Coim musion for tho Adolaido Jubileo Exlrî.bitien was held yr/sterday, at tho Colonial Soorotary's office ; the Chief Justice (tho lion. F. M. Darley) occtipying tho chair. Tho following gentlomen woio present :-Dr. Renwick, vico-presidont ; Profossor Warren, M.cssi's. A. J. Riley, M.L.A (Mayor of Sydnoy) ; It. Burdott Smith, M.L.A. ; V. Parkes, M.L.A. ; A. Morris, Edward Loo, Harrie Wood, Alex. Gray, H. Ho lloran, J. Davies, E. L. Montefiore, T. Littlejohn, J. G. Hanks, J. J. Calvert, J. B. Olliffo, Chas. Moore, F. A Franklin, C. S. Wilkinson,CritchottWalker, and A. Cumming, seoratary. The minutes of tho provious meeting woro read and adopted, after which tho correßpondonco was dealt with. The secretary reported that ho had telegraphed to Adelaido requiring a reply to his tologram sent soiiio timo ago, in which he asked for gallery space .foi art exhibits. Ho stated that he had recoived a reply to tho ofloct that no allotment could bo mado until appli- cations for gallery space bad been recoived from tïio other colonies. Additional coramissionoi's were appointed to the various departments of classification, such as agiiculturo, arts, machinery, mining, ike Mr. C. S. Wilkinson submitted a brief report from tihe Mining Department, in which he recommended that suitable storage accommodation Bhould bo provided for tho exhibits of minoials, as there was no room in his department for their recoption. Authority was given to tho Financo Committee to arrange for tho immediate storage of tho mineral exhibits. Tho reoorts from the collectors of o^hibits in tho town and country wxiro received. Tho}' wero of a satisfactory «aturo. Some other business of a routino character was transacted, and the meeting terminated. A Mrr-TiNö of tho Now South Wales Commission for tho Colonial and Indian Exhibition was held at tibe Colonial Secretary's office, Macquaiie-street, yesterday afternoon, for the purpose of taking steps for tho dis- tribution of tho commemorative diplomus and medals that havo been awarded to exhibitors and others. The chair was taken by Mr. John Davies, and thoro wcro present the Hon. H. E. Cohen, Dr. E. T. Ramsay, Mossie. A. Morris, R. Burdett-Smith, M.L.A., J. Walslt^ C. S. Wilkinson, Chas. Moore, F. A Franklin, H. Wood, L. Phillips, J. Barnet, T. littlejohn, E. B. Woodhouse, and A. Cumming, secretary. Tho minutes of tho previous meeting having been read and agrood to, correspondence was dealt wtoth. With regard to the distribution of tho diplomas and medals, tho secretary reported that in order to avoid having the diplomas crushed by passngo through tho post, ho would recommend that country exhibitors oust sido of large towns should bo asked to appoint agents in Sydnoy to rccoivo their diplomas and medals. Ho also suggested that thoso intended for exhibitors in the principal country towns aud neighbourhood should bo sent to the loeal mayors for distribution, and that thos.0 intended for the Pnblic schools should be forwarded to the Department of Public Instruction. Tho recom- mendation and suggestion of tho seci olary wero adopted. Diplomas and medals wero given lo the Com- missioners who woro present, and the mooting termin- ated. A number of oranges which had boon rocoivod per the s.S. Ormuz woro on viovy. Tho fruit was fouud to bo in excellent condition. A WEL,I>ATTEXOED meeting- of tho rcsidonts of North Willoughby was hold in tho local School of Arts last evening, for tho purpose of taking stops to afford reliof to tho suffoiors through tho disastrous colliery ox plosion at Bulli. Tho chair was taken' by Alderman Floming. Several speakers addressed tho mooting, and at the conclusion of tho proceedings it was an- nounced, amid applause, that tho sum of £01 2s. Gd. had been contributed and promised during tho evening. A MEETING of the South Sydney branch of tho Freo I Trndo Association was hold last ovoning in tho school hall situatod at tho corner of Biley and Dovonshiro streets, Tho president, Mr. A. J. Biloy, M.L.A., occu- pied tho chair, and Mr. B. B. Wiso, M.L.A, was also among those prosent. In opening tho mooting, tho chairman briefly roviowcd the objects for which tho branch lind boen formed, and then called upon Mr. Wiso to address the gathering. Mr. Wiso moved and Mr. Hogarth seconded a motion " that this mooting endorsos the actions of the previous meetings and further pledges itself to support the -Freo Trade Asso- ciation of South Sydney." The motion was agreed 1o. A number of now mombors wero subsequently en- rolled. A MEETINO of tho rosidents and purohasors of tho land known as Croydon Park No. 1, siluato on tho northorn bank of Cook's Uiver, Canterbury, was hold at tho- offices of Messrs. Watkin and Walkin, No, 281, Pitt-street, yostorday afternoon. The meeting was called for tho purposo of electing two gentlemen to act in conjunction with Mr. W. J. Hobbs, as trustoea for tho Croydon Booreation Beservo, in the torms of tho original conditions of sale. The chair was occupied by Mr. J. W. AVatkin. Mr. Ayers was proposed by Mr. J. n. Boberts, and was secondod by Mr. Hart. Mr. Skolton was proposed by Mr. ltulo, and seconded by Mr. Hobbs. There being no othor nominations, thoso gentlemen wero elected. Mr. Hobbs, the owner of two i acres of land marked section No. 3 on the original lithographs of tho park, announood that ho would hand ovor tho property so as to onlnrgo tho recreation reservo. Mr. Hobbs was thanked for his generous action, and, out of compliment to him, it was doouled to name tho recreation lesorvo " Hobbs' Park." A stEMiNo of tho clergy, summonod by tho Von. Archdeacon of Cumberland, was held at St. Andrew's Chapter Houso, on tho afternoon of Marah 29, to syinpathisowitlithollov.il. H. Britton, of Jlydo, in his recent great trials. Prosont-Von. Archdeacon King, B.A. ; Canons II. S. King, Moroton, Kommis, Shai'po, Bovoronds Archdall, Trass, W. Hough, P. li. S. Bailey, Dr. Barry, Stodilart, Unbor, Stiles, Middle- ton, Garnsoy, Woodthorpe, Saunders, E. Saliniéïo, A. C. Corlotto, and Barnier. Tho first resolution was moved by the Bov. Canon Moiolon, and sooonded hy tho Bov. P, K. S. Bailoy-" 1. That this meeting expresses its sympathy with tho Bov. H, BritYia-in tho" unworthy suspicions which have been heaped upon hiiev I also in tho vexatious and oxponsivo trials to which he has boon submitted in our law courts, and at the samo limo the mooting: ofibt's him its hearty congratulation on the complete vindication of his character. 2. That a copy ol' the foregoing losolulioa bo forwarded to Mr. Britten by the Venorablo Archdeacon of Cumberland in the name of this meeting ; and that copies of these re- solutions bo sent to the daily press for insertion." Bevs. ( P. B. S. Bailey moved, and W. Hough seconded, " That the clergy present, with power to add to their number, bo a committee formed to collect subseiiptions towaids Mr. Britten's very heavy legal oxponfos." The Bov. P. Bailoy was appointed lion, secretary and treasurer ; nearly £-10 was subscribed in tho room. ON Monday evoning last, a publie meeting was held in tho Town Hall, Parramatta, under the auspicos of tho Aborigines Protection Association. Tho majority of | tho children attending tho various Sunday schools in the town vveio prcseut, and tho hall was crowded to the doors. His .Worship tho Mayor (Mr, 0. J. Byrnes), presided, aud among thoso who occupied scats on tho platform wero Archdeacon Gunther, and tho Revs. C. Taylor and ,T. Stranghen. Addresses in keeping with ' the object oi tho meeting were dolivered by the chair | man, Mr. M'AlListor, of Warangesda, Mr. Matthews, ! of Maloga, and Archdeacon Gunther. The singing of i somo fomalo aboriginals, and the remarks mado by their mule companions, were listened to with great interest. I A co'leution taken up duiing the evening realised £5 I 2s. 9d. The pronouncing of tho benediction by Arch- deacon Guujther brought .* very interesting meeting to a close AT a recent meeting of the Petersham Baptist Litoiary and Debating Society, held in the lioulovard Baptist Church, Mr. W. G. Lewis gavo nn interesting I eisay on tho " Uti isation of Waste." Mr. F. Morton I followed with ono entillod "Eccentricities of Noted Men," and Mr. J. Holland gave an able, descriptive paper on " Sir Walter Scott" All tho essays wero criticised, and the essayists complimented on thoir productions. M it. FLETCHER WATSON, of tho Sketching Instituto, Bond-street, has a very choice collection of water co'lour drawings of his own workmanship now in readi- ness for tho Adelaide Exhibition, and anothor assort mont for the Molbourno Contennial Exhibition, though this is not yet quite complote Tho former lot include Boiuo highly interesting historical subjects, treated in an admirable manner by the artist. " Tho Interior of Chapel of Henry VII. in Westminster Abboy ;" " Interior Corner of tho eamo Chapel ;" and " Lincoln's Inn Gaioway"-tho scono of Dickon's early lifo as lawyer's clerk-stand out as striking exomplos of Mr. Watson's power o£ reptosenting archi- tectural design with all tho neoessary detail, and a proper regnid for thoso important factors " light and shade" The tower of Andornach (Bhino), Molroso Abboy, Dordrecht Cathedral (Holland), Roslyn, nnd Fulham Cltarch on the Thamos aro woil drawn, in true perspective, and coloured by an experienced hand. In landscape views, Mr, Watson displays much skill in oblaining difficult atmospheric offeots. A VEUY pleauant evening was -Bpont on Monday la3t at Paris HOUSA, Phillip- streot, tho occasion being a dinner tendered to Mr. J. Jacobs, an old and esteemed résident of this oity, on tho ovo of his departure for Europo. Somo score of Danish gentlemen sat down to do honour to their countryman. Tho toast of the evening fell to tho lot of Mr. T. A. Boesen, who occu- pied the chair. Mr. G. Larsen, as vioe-chairmnn, also apoko enthusiastically of thoir venorablo guost Mr. Jacobs, who was most cordially received, will, wo aro sure, rotoin most pleasant recollections of his Sydney friends. The arrangements, so ably carried out, refloot great credit upon Mr. Axil Beth, who officiated as secretary. THE letter of our Paris correspondent, which wo publish in anothor column, speaks of tho excitoment on the continent on tho eve of the Gorman elections, and states that the fooling in Russia is in favour of Franco, the great tlangor to Germany lying in the possibility of an alliance between thoEo two countries. The letter procoods to speak of the effoot of such am. alliance wore it to take place Prince Hohenloho's manifesto to 'tho inhabitants of Alsace-Lorraine, and the conduot of the German, authorities in that territory, aro also referred to, the letter stating that much indignation had boon caused throughout Franco by tho alleged terrorisation of tho Alsaco-Lorrainors by tho German authorities, The operations of tho Gorman forces in tho way of con- structing defonco works aro spoken of, and it is stated that tho inhabitants of Metz wero preparing for a siege. THE settings of the Central Criminal Court wero continued yosterday, at tho Darlinghurst Courthouse, before his Honor Mr. Acting-Judgo Stephen. Mr. Tocoo prosecuted on bohalf of the Crown. Tho only case dealt with wos ono in which a man named William Langford was charged with having wilfully set fire to a houso nfc Guildford on the 21st of Feb- ruary. The jury found the prisonor guilty, and ho received a sentence of flvo years' ponai servitude. The sittings of the Court will terminate to-day. AMPrTiNO of shorthand wnteia is to bo held at tho Temperance Hall, at 8 o'clock, on Monday evening next, to consider tho advisability of presenting a testimonial to Mr I simo Pitman, on the oceasion ol tho Jubilee of Phono- graphy, and to tako stops to colobrn.ro the important event m Now South Wafns Tho lion H L Cobon will pro sido, and several loading phonogruphora will addross tho uicetin,r 1 ii E band of tho Permanent Artillery, undor tho direction oí Biind-miislor M Dovery, will play the following pro- grámalo m tho Bofanie Gillams this (Wednesday) after- noon, eonnnencing at 3 -IO, vvoather poinnt'inj -Oveituro, " Poot and Peasant," Suppo, fantasia, " Son of tho Regi- ment," Wilson , solcotion, " I'aust," Gounod, valse, " l3loiisaiifiio%" Dovoiv , si.lo.lion, " I Puntaui," Bellini, molodios, Piussuin, Anon, National uuthem, W. Bull BACH'S Passion Music, according to St Matthew will be rendered in St Andrew's Cathedral during Holy Week The work will be divided over the first four nights of the week. On Good Friday evening the Passion Music from Handel's Messiah will be given. 