BATLWAY MANAGEMENT AND GOYERNMENT STORES. On Wednesday afternoon the Govern ment Introduced their Bill for handing over the construction and management of the railways to Commissioners. The measure is substantially tne same as the., one. brought . in . first . in 1885 .and . afterwards in 1886; / Three Commissioners ate to be appointed, who are to hold office during good behaviour for the term of seven years; but any Commissioner ceasing to hold office by efSuxion of time Ia to be eligible for reappointment. The clause is retained which provides that 'the Commissioners shall not enter into any contract for the supply, either directly or indirectly, from places outside South Australia of materials, engines or other power, or any other matter or thing, without the sanction of the Go vernor In Council.' So also is the clause which limits the power of any person, or of ' the representatives of any deceased person,' in the event of injury on the railway, to recover more than £300. Both of these clauses, as well as the one which provides for the appointment of three Commissioners, will no doubt give rise to a difference of opinion, as they have done on pre vious occasions. With regard to the limitation of the power of the Commissioners as to the acceptance of contracts, our first impression was that it was an unnecessary and therefore an unwise restriction, and calculated to bring the railway management mora under the control of political influences than was desirable. There seems, however, to bo a disposition on the part of tha heads of departments to raise so many obstacles to the acceptance of local tenders that a substantial case can be made out for the retention of the proviso. The effect of the clause we presume will bs not to lessen the responsibility of the Commis sioners, but merely to give time for fur ther enquiry, and for explanations on their part in those caae3 where in their judgment it would be desirable to accept a contract outside of the colony. From some cause the officials of the Public Works Department have been signally unfor tunate of late in matters of this kind, and it will be just as well for the Govern ment to have the opportunity of con sidering similar matters as they arise before the contract is entered into. The reintroduction of the Bill at the present time derives an additional interest from the recommendations of the Stores Commission that if the three Railway Commissioners are appointed they shall also be constituted a Supply and Tender Board, or if the Railway Bill is not carried that a Supply and Tender Board shall be appointed, consisting of three persons, If this is done the Commission suggest that the office of Comptroller of Stores should be abolished, or, if it is deemed desirable to continue the office in any shape, that an Inspector of Stores should be appointed. The official who holds the like position in Victoria receives £500 a year, and acts as a general adviser to the Tender Board.' In his own words, lie is ' required to inspect the officers in charge of stores throughout the colony, to Bee that they get proper Btuff from the con tractors and that they account for what they get, and that the material is up to sample.' The Commission add — 'He inspects the store-books, checks them, and takes Btock. Such an official might render good service In checking excessive or wasteful purchases and consumption of stores, and in securing the delivery of goods of suitable quality, whereas the department of the Comp troller of Stores appears to us to answer no requirement commensurate with its cost.' At the first blush it seems a doubtful policy to give to one Board the control of the railways and also the control of all the Government Btores, because, on the one hand, the Railway Department is the largest consumer of Btores, and would therefore have to act as a check upon itself, and, on the other hand, the arrangement might give rise to friction between it and other departments. The proposal of the Stores Commission if, however, well worthy of careful 'consideration. It Is admitted to be undesirable to multiply Boards and departments. And if the Railway Board consists of three persons, one of whom has special qualifications for railway manage ment; and another has had a business training and large mercantile experience, and if it is assisted by 'an ener getic and experienced Secretary, with a capacity . to grasp and deal with the details of the department over which the Board would have control,' it Is pro bable that the arrangement would be found to work well. 'The experiment is worth a trial, and if it were proved that it did not answer expectations it would be a simple matter to transfer the control of the stores from the Railway Board to a Board specially appointed for the pur poBe. .,] :?:?..: ''?'??- . The facts which we mentioned yester day are sufficient to show that a reform in the system of dealing with the Go vernment stores Is as urgently required as a reform in the management of our railways. They, however, are only a small part of the Very start ling disclosures brought to light by the labours of the Commission, The Government stores are scattered all over the colony. Some are under proper super vision, and some appear to be in nobody's care. In one or two instances it appears to be difficult to find out whether articles lying about belong to contractors or to the Government. Some of the goods have been in Btock for ten years, and are still carried forward at cost price, though they may have bo far depreciated in value as to have become almost worthless. When they are entered at a !es3 value it s still beyond their worth. Thus the condemned Port Augusta rails cost £8 per ton. They are now entered at £5 per ton, although steel rails are procurable from England delivered in South Australia at £4 lla. per ton. As an instance of the abaurd method of management now in vogue, the Commis sioners point out that the stores of the Telegraph Department are brought to West-terraca at a cost of 4s. per ton, and then they have again to be carted either to the Adelaide Railway Station or the Port at a con siderable loss of money. They therefore piopose that there should be a central depot for all the stores, connected by telephone with all the departments. A convenient spot can bs found at Port Adelaide on the railway reserve, and plans are attached to the report of the Commission showing how tha ground could be utilized for the purpose. As it is proposed that the changes contemplated shall not take effect until July, 1888, there will be ample time to make all the arrangements, eveii U*the r Railway Commissioners Bill is not passed, or if Parliament declines to constitute the Railway Com missioners a Tender and Supply Board. As some interest ib being aroused in the question the present is a most opportune time for discussing It, and we trust when the second reading of the Railway Bill is moved that the Government will be pre pared to say whether they purpose adopting the recommendations of the Stores Commission, and if not, what other arrangements they intend to make for remedying the serious defects of the existing system. The Australian Nauosal Union.— The Australian National Union has been successfully inaugurated. Its objects are undoubtedly good. To stimulate a patriotic sentiment among the people of Australasia without regard to religious or political bias ; to endeavour to educate the rising generation to appreciate and to use their political privileges j and to promote the advancement and unity of the Australasian Colonies— these are aspirations with which, every well-wisher of the people in this part of the globe mast sympathize. The main difficulty that -was encountered at the meeting in the Town Hall on Wednesday night arose from the fact that it waa proposed to fix an arbitrary limit to the class of persons vrho would be eligible for membership. If tho intention had been to form a genuine 'Natives' Association,' excluding all but those actually born in Aus tralia or New Zealand, the way would have been quite clear. Or if, on the other hand, the membership had been thrown open to all who desired; to pro mote the objects of the Union, very few objections would have been raised. But when, as Mr. Bruce pointed out, it was proposed to admit a man-i-who arrived in the colony when a day or two under 5 years of age, and to exclude one who was 5 years and a month old at date of arrival, the proceeding seemed, to say the least of it, somewhat arbitrary and unreasonable. The Association is to be called the 'Australian National Union,' and, surely, if it is ta jostify its name, it should be constructea upon a broader basis than that which has been adopted. The Austra lian national feeling is certainly not by any means confined to those people who were born in the colonies, or who arrived when under 5 years of age. In fact, the Union, so far from being national under its present constitution, will be limited in its membership to a decidedly limited class of the community. Approxi mately there are at present 150,000 adults in South Australia, and there are about 115,000 persons who were born outside of the limits of Australasia. The vast majority of these latter are of course at present adults. It is evident, therefore, that, .allowing for a certain proportion of them who were infants or little children at the time of their arrival, the proportion of the 115,000 who are ineligible as fall members of the Union must be very large. In fact the Australian National Union, notwithstanding its high-sounding name, will represent a minority of the adult community. Of course every one will admit that all Associations must be based upon some ground of unity either in fact or sentiment. The fact that a man is an Australian by birth or the feeling that he is Australian in sympathies may lead him to seek the companionship of others who are similarly situated, or whose ideas are directed towards the Bame objects. But this Union is both, too narrow and too wide. It requires. a broader constitution to suit its name or a narrower name to suit its constitution. The proposal that all residents of over twenty* one years' standing should be eligible received a large amount of sap port, but was ultimately rejected. If the Union is to become really an Australian Patriotic Society, some such proposition will have to be adopted sooner or later. If it is to. be merely an Australian Natives' Society, of course the case is different. There certainly is room for an Association on a broad national basis. But the chief, task which lies before the promoters is to pro vide a sufficiently Btrong motive for frequent and enthusiastic meetings. Entertainments of songs, readings, and recitations are in contemplation, besides lectures and debateB of a noncon troversial character. Bat without some leading idea as a basis to work upon it is difficult ? to maintain the public interest in .an Association of this kind. Australasian federation seems to be one of the objects aimed at ; but that subject, if fully gone into, would soon lead to the opening up of political differences. Nevertheless, in spite of all these difficulties, if the Union becomes the means of stimulating patriotic senti ment and attracting more' public attention to the political privileges enjoyed by the people of Australia it will deserve the thanks of the whole community. The Importation of Stock. — The Agricultural and Pastoral Committees of the Royal Agricultural Society have endorsed the recommendations of the Sydney Stock Conference on the subject o£ removing the prohibition now imposed upon the importation of animals from abroad. The only dissentients were two leading breeders, who descanted upon the terrible consequences of introducing disease among the flocks and herds of the colony. No doubt it is difficult to overrate the injury that might be occasioned by letting loose among South Australian stock such maladies as scab, foot-and-mouth disease, and rinderpest, but the contention of the opponents of prohibition is that absolute protection against this con- tingency can be ensured by the enforcement of proper shipping regula- tions and a sufficiently extended and rigorous quarantine. The arguments that are used against the importation of stock can with equal force be directed against the introduction of human beings, for is there not a risk of the latter bringing in with them smallpox, and a multitude of other contagions diseases which might be kept out? It is true that no system of quarantine can be so effective as downright prohibition, but in practice it has been found, at all events so far as South Australia is concerned, that careful precautions against the landing of fittings. and other material that may carry infection and strict quarantine afford ample safeguards against disease. If this has been so in the past, what reason is there for supposing that it will not be so in the future ? If it can be shown that the period of quarantine has been too short to guard against risks, the proper course is to extend it, and this is the plan advocated by the Stock Conference, which recommends that the ninety days now usually adopted as a maximum should be increased to 120. It is consolatory to us to find that the movement against the maintenance of prohibition has become so strong as it has. In the interests of free trade in pedigree atock and in the interests of the colony gene- rally we have never ceased to protest against the policy of exclusion. High as the quality of our colonial stock is, it cannot fail to be benefited by the admix- ture of fresh strains from the purebred flocks and herds — especially the herds of the mother country. To set up an impassable barrier against importation is to pursue an altogether short-sighted and illiberal course. There may be no force in the view that in-and-in breeding pro- motes disease, but it can be carried to a fault. The advantages arising from the introduction for breeding purposes of high- class animals have been incalculable, and it is absurd to suppose that we have reached the point at which no further improvement is possible. The voting at the Sydney Conference indicates that Tasmania, Queensland, and New Zealand are not afraid to abolish prohibition. The delegates of New South Wales were divided in opinion, while those for Victoria and South Australia gave a solid vote against the admission of stock upon any terms. It would seem from Mr. Valentine's letter to the Royal Agricultural Society that he is not so vehemently opposed to any relaxation of existing regulations as he was, and, indeed, it is impossible to conceive of circumstances more favourable for the removal of the embargo upon importation than those which are now to be met with. Diseases in cattle in Great Britain have been practically stamped out, so that the dangers of importation are infinitesi- mally small. The prohibitionists have been in the habit of declaring that their chief objection to the admission of stock lay in the prevalence of maladies in the countries which form the main source of supply for pedigree animals. This objection is not now open to them, and they may fairly be called upon to forego their opposition to the reopening of the ports. Custody op Isbasts Bei — Mothers of infants have at present but few rights as compared, with thoae enjoyed by the fathers of their children. The case is bad enough where the offspring of regularly married people are concerned. But it becomes doubly hard when a single woman through her love for her child is placed completely at the mercy of the man who perhaps has grossly wronged her. Mr. E. W. Hawker, who has introduced the Custody of Infants Bill into the Assembly, mentioned a case which had come under his professional knowledge in which the father of an illegitimate child, on being threatened with an action for maintenance, imposed silence upon the mother of the infant by declaring that if ske sued him he would take it away from her. To the majority of people it will be newa to learn that he could legally do so. Bat the present state of the law in regard to the relations of men and women and their offspring is very un satisfactory indeed, and this is one of the anomalies which, have remained as relics of a barbarous time. The Bill introduced by Mr. E. W. Hawker pro vides that on the application of the mother alone, without the usual 'next friend' who is required by the mriwH-ncr law to accompany her in such, cases, the Judge of the Local or Supreme Court may make an order directing who shall have the custody of the child in ques tion. On the death of any father the guardianship is to devolve upon the mother alone or upon her conjointly with another guardian appointed by will or by the Court So far, indeed, does the Bill go in equalizing the rights of the sexes that it provides that a mother may by deed oi wQl appoint guardians to act in conjunction with the father. Bat such an appointment will only be valid on receiving the sanction of the Court. When a divorce has occurred, the offending party may be deprived, by the Court, of the custody of an infant, even after the death, of the other party. It is evident at a glance that in regard to the custody of very young infants the passing of such a measure may be the means of preventing the occurrence of many a case of cruel injustice. But the House will no doubt take into con sideration the fact that an infant in law may be a son or a daughter close upon 21 years of age. Several of the clauses of the Bill are drawn up with an evident intention to prevent the harah and un necessary parting of babies or young children from their mothers, and there la some ground for fear bhat the clauses relating to the new powers of guardianship created by the measure might act injuriously in the cases of children of more mature ages. With some slight modification to meet this objection the Bill will no doubt command support for the very needful reforms which it seeks to introduce. Wbbsbsday's Pabliameht. — The As sembly zose at ten minntea past 4 on Wed nesday, July 20, having then touched upon all the 'business on the Notice - paper. AmongBt the notices of motion given were two bearing on burning questions. The first was by Mr. Ca&tine;, who wants to know whether the Government mean to adopt the reecmmendation of the Stores Commission. The second was by Mr. Moulden,' who pur poses to ask if Ministers intend to amend the Electoral Act by making the candidates deposit £50, to be forfeited if they do not obtain a proportionate number of votes. Mr. Moule, upon a formal motion, brought under notice the determination of the Com missioner of Crown Lands and of his imme diate predecessor to allow the present holders of grazing and cultivation leases to keep their sheep on the land till October to the alleged detriment of the ingoing tenant. The Commissioner, sneaking in justification of their action, said that they had provided against injustice to the new lessee by post poning the date from which the rent should start. Mr. E. W. Hawker introduced a Bill to give mothers greater power in reference to the custody of their children. The second reading was fixed for August 3. Several returns were called for, and in rela tion to one arose a short discussion, in which some information was given relative to the Civil Service reductions. The ram of that in formation was that the Government have discharged a number of Civil servants— prin- cipally Sub-Collectors of Customs— because there is not any work for them to da They will, however, have the first chance of ap pointments in any vacancies suitable for their capacity which may occur in any department of the service. Mr. Holder resumed the discussion on the BUI to' abolish distress for rent. Mr. Downer, too, dis cussed the matter at some length, and ended by proposing ' That the Bill be read a second time this day six months.' This was sup ported by Mr. Moulden, and, at the instance of Mr. Hopkins, the debate was adjourned for a week. Just before the dose of the sitting the Supply Bill resolutions were intro duced by the Treasurer. The amount of the Bill was the same aa that of last year. -£360,000 up to the end of September. The Bill, like the former, also contains a provi sion for the reduction of Civil servants' salaries on the lines specified in the Govern ment policy, and for a suspension of the annual increases. Mr. Playford said he did not intend to take the Bill through that day, but simply to pass the first reading and bring the whole matter, on for discussion and settlement early on Thursday. His purpose was accomplished, after a facetious little speech from the Hon. J. C Bray. Then the House rose. Viceregal— A musical 'At Home9 was given at Government House on Wednesday evening. About 500 guests attended and enjoyed the entertainment and the hospi tality of His Excellency. Refreshments were served in the new supper-room.' The programme- of the innsic, which is given below, was, aa will be seen, very varied, and altogether the performances were of a high order of excellence, Professor Ives and Mr. Julius Here being the directors, but it was somewhat of a drawback that conversa tion was rather loudly carried on during the playing #'«* ^T'E»'ff- lie numbers were:— Duo far two pianos, Rondo in C (Chopin), Pauline and Elise Joraa ; aon& 'Absent yet Present' (White), by an amateur; piano boIo— (o) Polanaise in C sharp minor, (5) Valee, Op. 42— {Chopm),-Elise Joran ; song, 'Der Tyroler uad seitt-KindV1 amateur; piano solo, 'Tarantella' (Sharp), Mr. Sharp; song, v f iLLova Thee So,' Man*. Aldini;* violin .solo, Suite in F — (o) Pralndinm, (J- Eomanza, (c) Scherzo— (Bies), Pauline Joan; song, ' Ava Maria,' with violin, organ, and piano (Gooncd), amateur, 'Mw^pif Joran, and Mr. Jsliss Herz; pi&na; solo, Scherzo in B fiat Minor (Chopin), Lola Joran ; song, 'Fond Heart, laieireD,' amateur; piano solo -(a) Minuet de Bocherun (Joseffy), ' (6) Elfen spiel (Heyman)— Elise Joran; song, 'My Love ia Come' (Marzial), Mdlle. Aldini; violin sole— (a) Cavatina (Raff), (6) Berceuse (Reher) — Pauline Joran ; finale, 'Hymn to the Angela' (Tours), with violin, organ, piano, and voice, Mdlle. Aldini, Misee3 Lula, Pauline, and Elise Joran, and Mr. Juliu3 Herz. Lobd Cabbisgton's Visit.— His Excel lency Lord Carrington, Governor of New South Wales, and suite will arrive in Ade laide on Saturday morning on a visit to Hi3 Excellency the Governor, and will remain here until Wednesday next. On Saturday afternoon Lord Carrington will attend the jumping contests on the Agricultural Society's Grounds, and in the evening will dine with Sir Henry Ayera. On Monday and Tneeday he will visit the Jubilea Exhibition, and be conducted over the various places of interest in the city. On Tuesday evening a ball will be given in Ma honour at Govern ment House. Lord Carrington's time will be fully occupied during his visit, and every thing will be done to make it enjoyable. The I-t)eps--dext Past?,— The members of the Independent Party held a meeting at Parliament House on Wednesday afternoon after the House had adjourned. There were present — Mesas. Burgosna (Chairman), Homburg, Baws, Castine, Caldwell, Aloule, Giles, Jenkins, Holder, Husssy, and McDor aid. Various political questions were discussed, amongst them the proposed reduc tion of the salaries of Civil servants engaging the attention of the membcra for some con Biderable time, Thosa assembled, following the nsual course, observed the strictest reticence as to the results arrived at, but we understand that a definite decision was come to as regards the action to be taken by the party this afternoon on the proposal to reduce the Civil Service salaries. The Pastoeal Board.— On Wednesday morning the members of the Pastoral Board waited upon the Commissioner of Crown Lands (Hon. J, Coles) and had a long conference with him in reference to the work already performed by the Board and that in progress. The members men tioned that they had been considerably de layed in their duties in consequence of the absence of necessary plans. The Oveelasd Teaik.— The ordinary express train was fif ty-aix minutes late in arming at the Adelaide Railway Station on Wednesday morning. The delay was caused on the Victorian side. The Unemployed.— Several of the un employed waited upon the .Commissioner of Crown Lands (Hon. J. Coles) on Wed nesday morning with a request for work. Mr. Coles, in reply, said he certainly would not give them any employment until the 100 whose names had been received by the Commissioner of Public Works for Strangways Springs had left Adelaide for that work on Friday morning. ' He would then be prepared to take the names of fifty additional men, with a view of employing them in clearing scrub roads in different parts of the colony at piecework rates. If the men did not accept piecework he was not in a position to do anything for them, AtrsTEAiiAK Nauohal Uhiojt.— At a well attended meeting in the Town Hall on Wed nesday evening, presided over by the Hon. J. C Bray, M.P., the report of the com mittee recently appointed to draw up a con stitution for an Australian National Union was adopted with one or two slight amend ments. The subscription-fee was reduced, and provision was made for life memberships. Some disappointment was expressed by many persons at the rule which limits the Union to natives and men who arrived in Australia before they were 5 years of age and have since lived here twenty-one years, but the rule was allowed to stand. The Minister of Education (Hon. J. C. F. Johnson) and Canon Whitington spoke at length on the report, and at the close of the meeting a consider able proportion of the audience were en rolled in the Union. Railway Refreshments.— The following letter has been addressed to the Premier (Hon. T. Playford, M.P.) on the subject of the proposed Bill for the extension of the licensing system on the railways of the colony: — 'South Australian Alliance Office, July 20, 1887. The Hon. the Premier of the Government of South Australia. Sir— The Executive of the South Australian Alliance (formed expressly to assist in securing to the people of thiB colony the power of resisting the extension of the traffic in intoxicants) desire respectfully to place on record their very earnest protest against the proposals of your Government now before the House of Assembly for increasing the facilities for drinking on the railway lines of the colony. They are convinced that existing provisions fully meet all absolute requirements, except perchance in regard to some few persons whose habits do not commend themselves for imita tion, and are more hurtful than advantageous to themBelvesand the community ; and inasmuch as there has been no expression of necessity on the part of the public, the Executive of the Alliance think that your Government ought not to feel justified in promoting a system which certainly would present temptations to drunkenness where none now exist, which would operate unjustly in regard to purchased rights held by existing licencees near or adjacent to railway station. and which would in all likelihood open the way to the occurrence of contingencies of accident and destruction of property and possibly of life. They feel safe in the asser tion that their numerous objections to the Government proposals for thi3 extension of the licensing system and setting up a licensing power outside and beyond the existing Licensing Benches are founded on common-sense principles, and are supported strongly by the results of experience in re gard to railway management in other countries where the adoption of a system of extended facilities has been usually followed by early repression. The Executive of the Alliance are led to this expression of remonstrance, not by any private interests or because they hold adverse views of the liquor traffic generally, but solaly from a sense of public duty, and their desire to con serve the rights and guard the lives of their fellow-colonists. And in this protest they know they have the hearty sympathy of a very large portion— indeed, they believe of the great majority — of the travelling public, as well as of those interested in the safety and comfort of railway passengers. They therefore most earnestly beg that you and the members of your Administration will forbear to press upon the Legislature a measure that is neither good nor necessary, nor in harmony with the best and highest principle of govern ment-^the greatest good to the greatest number. — I have, &c.; (on behalf of the Execu tive Council of the S.A. Alliance), E. H. DeebetgxoKj General Secretary, :) Undesirable Visitobs. — Daring the four weeks since the opening of the Jubilee Exhibition a constant stream of visitors has arrived from Victoria. In the stream has been a strong objectionable under current of thieves, magsrnen, &c.; Many, well known, have been promptly sent back by Detective Ward, but others have managed to get into quarters in the city, where they have plied their nefarious practicea with varying success. AmongBt those who have been com paratively unsuccessful ia aa elderly man named Isaac Standiah, who was com mitted for trial at the Police Court on 'Wednesday morning for robbing his mate, George Chamberlain, of £39 103. The evidence went to show that early in the present month Chamberlain and Standiah, two old Victorian criminals, came ovsr together, the former intending to start a dyeing business. Chamberlain said for a week he kept Standish, who then returned evil for Eood by walking o5 early one morning with all his money. He did it very cleverly, too, for he took the trousers containing the money, so that before Chamberlain could inform the police he lost some time in borrowing a covering for hia nether limbs. S Saudis h cross-examined Chamberlain, and amesed the Court with his efforts to show that he was an old criminal. Chaoaberlak did not repudiate the suggestion that hf bad fceen in ' Pentridge, but did cot recollect having been found guilts cf garrotting and burglary. He denied thai he had entered into partnership with Standisl in Adelaide, and also that in his house ir Victoria were two stolen camellias and twe doormats. This reputation induced Standish to designate Chamberlain a 'consummate villain.' Chamberlaia Baid he bad been a Good Templar for 17 years, but Standish remarked that he conldnot help it, as he had been in gaol for such a great part of the time. This remark caused the prosecutor to characterize Standish a3 a rogue. So abusive did Standish become that at length Mr. Baddome would not let him aak any more questions. Then Standish was sworn in defence. He began by saying that he believed in retribution for penury in the nest world. He said he left Chamber lain owing to the violence of the latter, who never owned the money he alleged wa3 stolen. He then went to Hindm^rsh, pjiS small change in a Children's Hospital box, gave some to youngsters to buy lollies, and altered his appearance by shaving. He said that in Victoria he had been sentenced seven or eight times under the aliases Thomas Williams, Henry Denford, Charle3 Edwards, and Thomas Jamsa. He left gaol for the last time on May 31, 1837. With regard to their caresr in Adelaide he Eaid Chamberlain had had his eye on two places in the suburbs which they intended to enter and rob, but the non-arrival of their tools prevented them. Standiah intends to call witnesses in defence at the trial. The Spakbow Bill.— On Tuesday, July 19, the Treasurer (Hon. T. Playford) gave notice in the House of Assembly that the Government would introduce a Bill to deal with the sparrow nuisance. The announce ment was cheered. There can be no doubt that this seasonable resolve is the result of the unanimity at last shown by the horticulturists and agriculturists with respect to the imminent danger to their industries through the enormous increase in the numbers of these birds. The danger has been apparent enough to a majority of the farmers and fruit growers upon the plains near Adelaide, where the evil first began, but the horticulturists in the hill districts, who are probably the largest growers of fruit (except grapes) were not at first alive to their danger, because the birds preferred the warm openfplains, the acacia hedges, &c;, where their progenitors were first liberated. As a consequence there was at first a lack of unanimity among3t tha people most inte rested, and therefore the efforts of the plains horticulturists to secure legislation against the increase of the sparrow nuisance were nullified by the want of sympathy of the hills fruit growers. Last season, however, the sparrows extended to the hills— not in ones or twos, but in myriads, attacking not only the soft fruits, bat also the pears and many other fruits, which if not destroyed were disfigured by these birds. This practical illustration resulted in a unanimous appeal to the Trea surer (as head of the Government, and as a practical horticulturist) to induce the Parlia ment to pasB a Bill, compelling all house holders and landholders to keep their pre mises free from sparrows at their own costs, or by means of special rates to be levied by Corporations and District Councils. CE5TSAL Boabd of Health.— A meeting of this Board waa held on Tuesday, July 19. In addition to the correspondence respecting various matters in connection with the public health a report was read from the Inspector as to a reinspection of Woodville. The Local Board was requested to take the necessary steps to enforce compliance with orders given for the abatement of certain nuisances. The Ihpobtatiok of Stock. — At a meet ing of the Agricultural and Pastoral Com mittees of the iioyal Agricultural and Hor ticultural Society held en Wednesday morn ing the following resolution was adopted, with ODly two dissentients— the Hons. J. H. Angas, M.L.C., and G. C. Hawker, M.P. :— 'That it be a recommendation to the General Committee that a deputation be formed to wait on the Commissioner of Crown Lands and ask the Government to open South Australian ports for the impor tation of cattle upon the regulations agreed to at the Stock Conference held in Sydney in September last, provided the majority of the colonies agree to the same.' South-East Distbict Chatbmen's Asso ciatiok. — The annual meeting of this Asso ciation was held at Narracoorte on Wednes day. Amongst the resolutions adopted was one recommending the Government to bring in the Local Government Bill of last year, and another deciding not to join the Associa tion in Adelaide. Railway tbom Etjcla to Post Augusta. — The Treasurer on Wednesday afternoon hud before the Assembly correspondence with the Transcontinental Railway Company of Western Australia relative to the con struction of a railway from Eucla to Port Augusta. The first communication was from Mr. J. R. Browne, on behalf of the C om pany, bearing date March 14, 1887, in which he placed before the South Austra lian Government an application for the construction of a railway from Eucla to Toe t Augusta, a distance of about 500 miles, on the land-grant system at present adopted by Western Australia, New Zealand, and Canada. It was pointed out that in order to complete the railway system of Australia it wa3 necessary to have this connecting link constructed, and they were prepared to carry it out in completion either on the land-grant system in operation in Western Australia, or on a reasonable guarantee of percentage on capital invested. The South Australian Government replied that they would give favourable consideration to any proposal for that purpose upon being satisfied that the promoters wera responsible persons. A list of shareholders was subsequently forwarded'to ourGovernment.and an explana tion that the Company had been formed for the purpose of carrying out the preliminary arrangements oniy, viz., in the matter of negotiations with the Governments of South Australia and Western Australia, and in making the necessary explorations and trial surveys, the capital required for the construction and equipment of the line would be raised in London, and the latter had already been saccesaf ally initiated. The South Australian Govern ment, in a letter dated April 27, promised to favourably consider any definite proposals that would be submitted. In reply to another letter from the Company, asking if the Government would guarantee that the appli cation of the Company for the construction of .the line from Port Augusta to Euc'a should have a preference in anticipation of the Parliament assenting to the principal of the land-grant system, the South Australian Government stated that they would consider any definite pro posala with a view of making an agreement subject to approval of Parliament. The date of the last letter was June 8. Psohotiok or South Austealia^ In dustries. — A meeting of the committee took place on Wednesday afternoon to receive the report of the sub-committee as published in Monday's Register respecting the develop ment on a large scale of local industries con nected with the production cf grapes and other fruits and products in the colony. The report was adopted, but the following formal dissent waa made:— 'While we heartily sympathize with the movement for assisting and encouraging the wine and fruit industries of the colony we have to dissent from the proposition to. ask the Government to grant an ad valorem bounty on all wines and fruits exported.— John Moule, Theodor Ssherk, M. P. F. Basedow.' New Season's Teas.— The speed with which gooda can be conveyed round the colonies by means of the railway is illustrated by the fact that on Wednesday morning an Adelaide firm received ex as. Guthrie a com plete package of each of the various lines of tea Imported by them in the boat, which only arrived in Sydney on Sunday. We under stand that the quality of the new reason's teas ia quite up to former values, and that some of them liquor extremely well. Oil Paistisg.— Mr. L. Tannert (Master of the School of Painting) has almost finished a large oil painting, which he intends sending to the Jubilee Exhibition. The canvas ib 6 feet by 4, and the raigect one in which the artist has had scope for his (special talent in portraiture and depicting drapery. There are two figures in the picture — one a dark haired young girl who ia seaisd upoa a massive piece of ornamental stonework in a park and is carelessly puking roses from a cluster near her; the other Spire ia that of a fair beauty who leans lightly against the masonry and is watching her companion with a look of amusement. The delicate drapery of both is elaborately and carefully painted, especially the laoework on one cf the dresses, and the accessories also show the artist's skill. The background is formed by the trees and foliage of a shrubbery, and the whole scene is bright and pleasant. Death fboh Dbownestg.— The body of a man, supposed to be that of Mr.iW. R. Morton, late landlord of the London Inn, Flinders stTeet, was found in the River Torrens at 5 p.m. on Wednesday evening. The body has been taken to the Morgue to await identification. *. -.-?-?? The SubveyobGexebal and South Eastern Lands.— In reference to a lettar written by ' Thomas Hutchina' on the sub ject of the South-Eastern lands we have been requested to state that beyond a half-acre allotment at Kingston the Surveyor-General . has no personal interest in any South-East Jand— either directly or indirectly— apd that whatever action ha3 been taken by him with respect to thosa lands ha3 been for the general good, and not otherwise. Ihpbovements at Post Gekmein.— The Marine Board having decided to farther im prove Port Germein by deepening a seoond berth alongside the jetty, No. 4 Dredger, now at Port Pirie, will to- day proceed to Port Germein to begin the work. Fbuit as a Factob et Colonial Com mehce. — We have received from Messrs. Gibbs, Bright, & Co. a pamphlet containing the full text of the paper on ' ? Fruit as a Factor in Colonial Commerce,' read by Mr. D. Morris, M.A., F.L.S., of the Royal Gardens, Kew, before the Colonial Institute, The paper has already been extensively reviewed by our London correspondent. Messrs. Gibbe, Bright, & Co. have received a number of copies for distribution. ' The Agbicultubal Teacheb.'— A fifth edition of this very useful educational work has just been published by Messrs. George Robertson & Co., Adelaide, Melbourne, and Sydney. It is a translation from the Danish of H. J. G. A. Laccoppidan by Mr. William LnplaD, of Ballarat, Victoria, and some 6,000 copies were ordered by the Victorian Govern ment for use in the public schools of the colony. Mr. Lnplan informs ua that the Danish system of education aims at instruct ing the young of all classes in the rudiments of agricultural scientific knowledge, bo that the more apt scholars may rise from the common schools to the higher Colleges of Agriculture, and be prepared at once for the scientific and practical knowledge that is there imparted. He argues, and quite justly, too, that the first year or two spent by an un prepared student at an Agricultural College is wasted in the acquirement of knowledge that he should have possessed before he entered. Such rudimentary knowledge can not bnt be nseful, if not absolutely necessary, to every member of the community; bat those who intend to follow agriculture as a profession must possess more than a rudi mentary knowledge of the requirements of plant and animal life. The period for acquiring this extended education is neces sarily short, because by the time the young student has got through his school training he has advanced towards man's estate, and under ordinary conditions would have to apprentice himself to a business, trade, or profession. Similarly, if he wishes to become a successful and thorough farmer, the period intervening between hia present age and that when he must assume the duties of a matured citizen is all too short for the finishing of his education, much Ie33 to enable him to acquire those rudiments of knowledge which every school boy should possess. The ' Agricultural Teacher' ia written in so clear and plain a manner, without the use oi the technical jargon which so puzzles the ordinary reader, that any schoolmaster may take the book in hand and expound the first principles of vegetation, the composition of plants, the nature of the various constituents of plants, their structure, the food and the nature of the food of plants, the composition of various soils, the office and nature of manures [of various kinds, and very many other subjects upon which no one in these days can profit ably remain ignorant. Death feom Alcoholic Poisoning.— An inquest waa held on Wednesday afternoon by the City Coroner (Mr. T. Ward, J.P.) at the Squatters' Arms, Thebarton, into the circumstances surrounding the death of Emily Dishley, which occurred suddenly at her residence on the previous day. William James Dishley, husband to the deceased, said she was in the habit of becoming intoxi cated. On Monday morning she appeared ill, and in' the evening she slept heavily. Blood was oozing from her mouth at 5.40 a.m. On Tuesday she was unconscious, and Dr. O'Flaherty was summoned, who informed witness that his wife was dying. Dr. O'Flaherty said he attended deceased. Made a post-mortem examination, and founc' some slight bruises on the right arm and the right cheek, which might have been pro duced by a fall. The cause of death was alcoholic poisoning, and the state of all the organs, including the brain, pointed to that conclusion. Two other witnesses gave evidence, and the J ury returned a verdict in accord with the medical evidence. The Jury requested the Coroner to rebuke William Diehley for not calling in the doctor earlier. Additions to the Zoological Gardens. — A pair of extraordinarily formed birds were lately brought down from the Diamantina by Mounted-constable Bannigan, in charge of the South Australian Police Station there, and have been forwarded by him to the Zoo logical Gardens (says the Port Augusta Dispatch of July 19). The birds are brown-plumaged, and in pinions, tail, and general colouring strongly resemble hawks. Their claws are of the parrot and cockatoo kind; their heads are fiat; and their bills are long and almost straight, having a very slight downward curve. These birds are very rare, making their appear ance on the Diamantina only in times of great flood, and hence have been 'named 'flood birds.' They are insectivorous, and their appearance on the flooded country is pro bably due to the fact that worms, grub3, &c;, are particularly abundant on the Queensland border country in such seasons a3 the present. Their formation and appear ance are so singular as almost to induce the idea that they are hybrids, and nothing is known of their breeding except that the blacks say that their eggs are laid in the nest of the crow, and are hatched by that sapient bird in cuckoo fashion. Aa the birds were remarkably lively and healthy in appearance when they arrived in Port Augusta, having been fed on meat during the journey down from the Diamantina, they will probably thrive in the Zoological Gardens, where at all events they will be scientifically classed, being of a new species to naturalists, and be provided with a high-sounding Latin name. Post Adelaide akd Semaphore Land and Building Company.— The twenty-third ordinary general meeting of ihe shareholders of this Company was held at the Company's Office, St, Vincent Chambers, Port Adelaide, on Wednesday afternoon.- Mr. F. H. Hustler presided, and thirty-five shares were represented personally and by proxy. The half-yearly balance-sheet and Directors' report were read and adopted. Messrs. D. Brown and F.j Hustler were re-elected Di rectors, and Mr. G. P. Hodge Auditor. Gulf Steamship Company, Limited. — An extraordinary meeting of shareholders in this Company waa held on Wednesday after noon in the Exchange Hotel, Fort Adelaide, Mr. J. T. Russell presiding. The report and balance-sheet were adopted &s; printed, and it was then decided that the Company should go into liquidation, the Secretary (Mr. B. Flicker) being appointed liquidator. The balance-sheet showed a debit of £1*545 on the profit and loss account. The boat, which cost £5,304, had been sold for £3,050. Send ing the Maitland to Western Australia, which took place prior to the sale, was attended with a heavy loea. The unpaid calls amounted to£38. The IbonjiouiiDkss' Associasion. — A meeting of the Ironmonldera1 Society was held at the Sturt Arcade Hotel on Wednes day evening. Mr. A. Douglas presided, and explained that the Society would shortly be affiliated with tha Victorian Society, fie expressed a hope that in a short time all workmen «£ their particular branch of in dustry would soon be in full employment. He alluded to the feet that one firm who had recently got one Government contract, and were the lowest tenderers in re spect to another, were working nine hours a day, It waa unfair to firms who worked eight hours a day. A member of the meeting eaid the firm in question gave their men the option of working eight or nine hours. ' Mr. Parhan said that Mr. Cohen, M.P., had told him that the Government had decided that the tendera of firms working eight hours a day only should be accepted. In a general discussion which followed it waa urged that the men Bhould refuse to work more than eight hours a day. The Chairman said that all the ironmonlding in connection with locomotives could be made here at au advance of 15 per cent, to 30 per cent, on the English prices. The St. John Ambulance Association.— Arrangements have been on foot for some time past for the inauguration of a elass at Parkaide, and one has just been started in the south-east of Adelaide in connection with the St. John's Young Men's Society. Last week the Literary Societies' Union passed a resolution with a view to the establishment of ambulance classes in connection with the Young Men's Societies in and around the city. It is proposed to have them in Ade laide, and at Goodwood, Glenelg, Hindmarsh, Norwood, North Adelaide, Port Adelaide, &c.; It is hoped that young men may respond heartily and encourage the promoters in their efforts to disseminate ambulance know ledge in the community. Lecture on ' Milton.'— The Rev. W. R Fletcher's lecture on- ' John Milton,' which wa3 delivered in the Schoolroom of the Congregational Church, North Adelaide, on Wednesday evening to a large audience, was both interesting and instructive. This makes the third of the course of Congregational Jubilee lectures. Valedictoby Banquet. — On Monday evening, July 18, a complimentary dinner was given at Wilmington to Mr. Burton, the Manager of the local branch of the National Bank, who was leaving for Riverfcon. The dinner was held at the Globe Hotel, and about forty gentlemen attended. The toast of ' The Guest' waa spoken to by several of those present, who testified to the many services Mr. Burton had rendered to the township and district during his residence there (a period of ten years), and also to hia ability as Bank Manager. A presentation of a tea and coffee service, subscribed to by most of the residents of the district, waa made to Mr. Burton, who appro priately acknowledged the compliment. Our Cockburn correspondent writes on July 16:— 'A banquet was tendered to Mr. P. Maclndoe at Gibson's Border Hotel here last night on the occasion of his removal to take charge of the Broken Hill Customs Office, a bonded store having lately been established there. The leading gentlemen from both colonies living in the vicinity attended. Mr. Vercoe, J.P., presided, and Mr. Mooney (Collector of Customs at Silverton) filled the vice-chair. The health of the guest waa proposed by the Chairman, all the gentlemen present endorsing his eulogistic remarks, Mr. Maclndoe's quiet, genial, and gentlemanly bearing having made him a great favourite. The guest feelingly responded. Pigeon Homing. — The Port Adelaide Homing Club held a race from Koseworthy on Saturday for young birds. They were liberated at intervals of fifteen minutes, through the kindness of the stationmaster. The race waa won by Mr. A. H. Skinner's Saxon first, Mr. W. Goudie's Home Rule second, and Mr. Symond'a third, five birds competed. Time, 69^ minutes. The Retoet of the Chinese Commis sionebs.— In the course of an interview with the Chinese Commissioners (reported by the S.Jf. Herald) it was pointed out to the General that one of the chief objections to the existence of the Chinese amongst a European or colonial community was the fact that they congregated in large numbers in small, dilapidated, and unsuitable premises ; that they created filth and in many instances originated diseases. The General thought that was the fault of the owners of premises and property, not of the Chinese, who were poor and naturally sought the cheapest shelter they could obtain. In the course of further conversation allusion was made to the fact thatin Lower George-street and Goulburn street eome of the Mongolian dens were almost impassable owing to their malodorous ness and mephitic condition. It was pointed out, moreover, that the Chinese were dirty. 11 And who, sir,' said the General, ' is to blame for that?' The reply received was that it waa the nature of the man. ' Ob, no, it is not,' observed the General ; ' it is the authorities, who are responsible for the health laws. Thorough cleanliness ought to be insisted upon, as we insist upon it in China, The Chinese are law- abiding, and if stringent laws for the preservation of cleanli ness were enforced the Chinese would obey them. I presume there are laws for the regulation of health and cleanliness in every part of the world.' Regarding the condition of the Chinese in their own country and the state of labour there, the General was taci turn. It was hinted that the bulk of the people could not be very well off or they would not flock here in such numbers. This was not disputed, but the Commissioners thought that so long as a man— be he China man or European— conformed to the laws of the country in which he lived he had a perfect right to go where he pleased. Village Settlement Scheme fob Queensland.— The Age of Tuesday pub lishes a telegram from Brisbane stating that the Association of politicians, including dele gates from the Trades and Laboar Council and advocates of State-aided village settle ment, have furnished full particulars of their revised scheme. The Association contem plates the establishment of settlements in the coast districts, where the rainfall ia ordi narily sufficient for agriculture, and where access to markets is easy. Inland districts also will be settled by groups of settlers, say twenty adults, either single or heads of families, each group containing one or more individuals with bush or farm experience. No group to be entirely composed of new arrivals, but rather of persons already resi dent in the colony. Officials are to be appointed by the Government to guide and advise settlers during the first year of cor porate existence. The Government should survey groups of farms — say twenty— in localities where water is permanent, the area allotted being according to the quality of soil — agriculture, combined with grazing, being considered in the survey. The maxi mum area is limited to within 160 acres, riparian rights being vested in the cor porate settlement as common property. To inaugurate the scheme the Government ia required to advance money in sums not ex ceeding in the aggregate a total equal to £100 for each member of the group, which ia dis tributed over a period of twelve months. These advances are charged as a debt upon the settlements at 4$ per cent, interest, the whole to be repaid within twelve years, the security of instalments in repayment being guaranteed by the joint and several liability of the groups formed. A corporate authority shall regulate the administration of combined farmB and decide matters re defaulting settlers ; titles of occupany to be issued when the advances are repaid. Japanese Immigrants.— Mr. C. L. Gardi ner forwards us an extract from the Japan Gazttte, an English paper published in Yoko hama, having a reference to thiB colony. The extract, which is a translation from the Jiji Shimpo (the Japanese Times) waa sent to Mr. Gardiner by Dr. Tshikawa, of the Ryujo, from Sydney. The article in question ia de voted to a discussion of the necessity of emi gration from Japan, which ia so crowded that progres3 is retarded like the growth of fish in a thickly populated lake ia hindered. Summing up the argument the native paper says:— 'We therefore urge all thoea who do not wish to live poor all their lives in Japan, but whose desire is to go through the world comfortably and agreeably, to turn their eyes from home and look beyond the seas. China is near us ; a vast extent of the most fertile land on the earth is lying within our reach across the Pacific; and South Australia with ita thousands of un cultivated acres waita for our arrival. All these countries are open to those who wish to emigrate there, and they are in addition so well situated that the products of the soil may be easily transported to favourable markets. The subject of emigration may be a matter of novelty to us Japanese, bat it isjaothing snusn&l; to Englishmen and Germans, who settle in the western continent by thousands every year.' New Same fob tee Mother Colony. — The senior colony of Australia, like most ladies at come stage of their existence, has a desire to change its name (observes the Argus), Nor is this to be wondered at, inasmuch as the present title of 'New South Wales' is about as inappropriate aa it possibly can be. To compare the magnificent distances, the trea lees plains, the long attenuated rivers, the semi-tropical vegetation of the coast ranges of this southern expanse with the picturesque but tiny territory of Southern Wales is little short of silly. The two countries are not comparable. -So Mont Blanc ia one thing and the Wealds of Kent another. The pioneers of Australia had many valuable qualities, no doubt, but too often their nomen clature betrayB. a sad laok of imagina tion, and there need be no objec tion to an occasional correction of their early errors. The centennial affords the sister State an excellent opportunity of adopting a new name, if she is bo disposed, and the only difficulty, if she fcaa the desire, would be where to find a title. The island colony of the group was able some years back to make an admirable exchange. Her discoverer, Tasman, like a true and faithful knight, named the land after hia lady-love, Mary Van Diemen, and when, for certain reasons, it was decided to forget the past-, the title 'Tasmania' at once suggested itaelf. But the mother colony waa not fortunate in the namea of her discoverers, that of the estimable Cook being singularly unpo&tic;, and that of Jackson equally commonplace. Sir Alfred Stephen, who has fathered the idea of a second baptism, ia content with the title 'EaBtern Australia,' and aa a geo graphical distinction that name is tolerably correct, but then it ia felt to be far from ' soni- satisfying,' as one critic haB said. Originality, character, and tone are al together wanting. 'Kingsland' has been suggested as a counterpart to Queensland, and fancy names such aa 'Eastrala,' or 'Anstralind,' are proposed to be dismissed as fancy names. The suggestion that the* great ocean which washes the shores of the colony should be worked up into a title has matter in it, or failing that, some poetic title of a native flower or shrub, such as the warat&h;, could ba taken. All these ideas can be considered on their merits. But one pro posal has been made, to which a caveat should be entered at once, and this idea is that all difncultiea would be met by calling the colony 'Australia.' The part, it i8 assumed, ia equal to the whole. The leading journal of New South Wales Bupporta the proposition with much heartiness, and yet few words are required to show that it would never do. The confusion would be endless. No one referring to Australia in terms of praise or blame would ever know whether the continent was meant or the colony, and with statistics the confusion would be still more confounded. A country can christen itself no doubt, but the assent of its neighbours is practically necessary to give effect to its decision, and the other colonies are not at all likely to re cognise a change which would injure and even insult them. New South Wales is, in fact, free to take any name she Dleases, except one which the colonies have appropriated for some other purpose. The difficulties in the way of a change are so great that, on the whole, we much fear that, Use modern Obadiaha, Jobs, and Uriahs, the senior colony will have to go on bearing its first name, and grumbling at its godfathers. Public Decency and Morality.— The Cabinet have had under consideration the im portant recommendations made by the Council of Judges of the Supreme Court in their annual report to His Excellency the Governor (observes the Argus), and it has been decided to give early effect, in the interests of public decency and morality, to two suggestions for an alteration of the laws relating to the administration of justice, In structions have been given to the Parliamen tary Draftsman to frame a Bill to amend the sixth clause of the Act passed in the session of 18S5, by giving to the Judges, Police Magistrates, and Justices who are empowered by that section to make an order prohibiting the publication of a report of any proceedings deemed improper on the grounds of public decency and morality to be published, the additional power of enforcing obedience to the order, and imposing a penalty for the breach of it. Power is also to bs given to the same judicial officers oc the same grounds to hear in camerd all or any part of the pro ceedings in any cause or matter, and in their discretion to exclude from the Court all or some one or more person or persona except the parties, their counsel, and witnesses. Magisteeial Recommendations. — Con siderable embarrassment has been caused? to the Government (says the Sydney Daily Telegraph) by the number of applications which have been made to them to raise certain persons to the Commission of the Peace. There are now pending no lesa than 827 applications of this character, most of which have been lodged by members of Parliament. The usual course is to consider the names in Cabinet, bo as to obtain all in formation possible about the persona whom it is proposed to raise to the Commission ; bat the magnitude of the task on this occa sion has banished the idea of adopting such a method. A Test for. Aetificial Buttee.— For some time efforts have been made to discover means of distinguishing real from artificial butter. Such a test has now, according to the Frankfurter Zeitung, been found, and Dr. Franz Soxhlst, Professor of the Technical High School of Munich, ia the discoverer. The process, says that paper, consists in adding a very small quantity of a harmless substance to the butter which ia to be teBted, which does not in any way alter the colour, taste, smell, or other qualities and proper ties of the artificial butter. It must be a substance which cannot be ex tracted, and which can easily be de tected by every one even if the real butter is mixed up with such a small fraction as one-tenth of artificial butter. As such a substance Dr. Soxhlet recommends 1 gramm. phenoi- phtale'in to 100 kilogrammes Kunst butter. Put a small piece of artificial butter about the size of a pea, thus prepared, on the edge of a plate, with a drop of ordinary potash solution or spirits of ammonia, and it will immediately become a very vivid red in appearance. If these materials, which can be found in almost all homes, are not at hand, cigar ash will be sufficient. In this caE3 take an equal quantity of damp cigar ash and artificial butter (size of a pea) and put them between white blottpg - paper and press it, a red spot will then appear upon the paper ; 1 to 5 per cent, of either soda or potash lye or spirits of ammonia produces the brightest and most lasting red colouring. Each health officer can make hundreds of Euch tests in the open market and in a few hours, and every consumer ia enabled to detect a spurious article in a way in which he cannot be deceived. Rtveb Levels. —The following figures show the state of the rivers above summer level at the undermentioned stations at 9 a.ro. on Wednesday. July 20 :— Murray— Albory, 8 ft. 11 in. : Wafcguijyab, 10 ft. ; Kchnca, 23 ft. 11 in. ; Euaton, 12 ft. 2 in.: Overland Corner, 11 ft. 4 in.; Morgan, 12 ft. 10 in. Murrum bidgee— Gnndagai, 8 ft. 6 in. ; Hay, banker ; Balranaldj 13 ft. 6 in. Darling— Bourke, 10 ft: 3 in. ; Louth, 4 ft. 8 in. ; Tilpa, 8 ft. 6 in.; Wacannia, 9 ft. 8 in. ; Menindie, 14 ft. 4 in. ; Pooncarie, 16 ft. ; Wentworth, 13 ft. 9 in. Namoi and Barwon— Namoi, 21 ft. 6 in. ; Barwon at Walgett, 16 ft. ; Mungundi, 18 ft.; Mogfl, 18 ft. % Brewarrina, 8 ft. 6 in. Culgoa — Goodoga, low. Women's Eights, — A meeting of the Semaphore literary Society was held in the Baptist Schoolroom on Wednesday evening, Mr. W, Quin presiding over a large atten dance. The Rev. A. E. Green in a lectoretta opposed the extension cf the franchise to women, which excited an interesting argu ment; During the evening some singing and music were contributed by friends. Noeth Adelaide Instituts. — A concert will be given in this building to-night by the pupils of the Sisters of St Joseph's. ( Baldness may be prevented, and a thick growth of hair stimulated, by the use of AVer's Hair Vigour. This preparation also restores the natural colour to grey hair, and renders it soft, pliant, and glossy. ' 200,2,4 jHT Annual Sale of Stallions at John BnD Bazaar This Afternoon, at 3 o'clock. Fartkttlare la adyez tiaeffiesL Barker it Chambers, Auctioneers. ' 