SEWS BY THE AMERICAN I MAIL. - ;j We give extracts ifrom American files to band : — New York, December 15. — Fire insur ance companies here received from . Charleston, 8. C., yesterday a' communi cation from aepecial committee of builders and architects, embodying the results of a thorough inspection of the buildings in vuai vny injur eo oy cue recent earth quake, many of which are insured in companies in this and other Northern cities. They inspected iu all 8000 build ings. They found 90 per cent, of these, ' built, of 'bi;ick, more or less damaged, while frame buildings suffered only from foiling chimneys, cracked plastering, and injured foundations. The factories aud mills all suffered more or less, but churches as a class suffered more thau other edifice?. Not 100 chimneys out of 14,000 escaped damage, and 95 per cent, of these 14,007 were broken oft at the roof and went to tbe ground. Baltimore, December 17.— The Sun has the following special from Columbia, S. C.:— The efforts to enrol the coloured people in the Knights of Labour have cauped much bitter feeling on the part of farmers. _ To protect the farmers against the organisation of the coloured people labouring on their plantations, tbe Senate bas passed, by a large majority, and tbe 1 House will doubtless make it a law, a bill makingit a conspiracy, punishable by fine and imprisonment, to interfere between employer and employee in any contract, whether written or verbal. The possi bility of a strike at the cotton-picking time, when the whole crop of the State would be lost if not properly gathered, was the principal argument used, to gether with the declaration that if a strike occurred among the negroes much more blood would be spilled than last summer in Chicago and Sc. Louis. Charleston (B.C.), December 15. —A week ago the News and Courier pub lished a dispatch from York county, K.C., reporting that a white boy named John Lee Good bad. been so beaten and mangled that he roon died, and that four coloured men had been arrested as mur derers and committed to gaol. It was stated that the theory was that some of the negroes had been detected by the boy in the act of stealing cotton from his father's field, and that to prevent their arrest tliey killed him. There was great excitement in the county in consequence, and several more arrests were made. The News ana Oiuric, to get the facts, sent a special correspondent'to York, and he will publish the result of his investigations. He says that there is evidently an alarm ing state of affairs in York county, and it is probable that an organisation exists among the coloured people which con , templates murder in the event of the detection of any member accused of a crime. Twenty-six negroes are under arrest. The inquest on tbe body of the 'murdered boy before a jury brought out all the facts. One of the negroes turned State's evidence, and another admitted that he had killed a man who was found murdered in the county eighteen months ago. Several of the coloured witnesses at the inquest swore distinctly that they had a club in tbe county for the purpose of stealing cotton, provisions, whisky, &o.; The members were to steal whatever ' they wanted, and if detected were sworn to kill the person who detected them. The club had different names, but was Ojrally known as 'The Rising Star ge, No. 24, of the Grand United Order of National Labourers and the Political Society of North America.' The charter came from Charlotte, N. C., and is dated December, 1884. The charter, however, would seem to show that tbe society had only benevolent and fraternal objects. Among other things revealed at the inquest was a plot to waylay wealthy men who had money. One of tbe wit nesses gave a detailed account of the murder of the poor boy, John Lee Good, and also the names of bis accomplices in the crime. Talk of a general lynching has abated, but the indignation and un rest are intense. Chicago, December 17. — The limed Bismarck (D.T.) special says A report reaches here from the Bad Lands that an Immense geyser ot fire was discovered iu tbatregion yesterday. Two hunters were startled by seeing a blaze of fire shoot up over a hundred feet and for an hour the flames which came roaring through tbe crust of the earth rose over 30 feet iu the air. The snow was melted about the place for a quarter of a mile, and the effect upon the atmosphere was quite pre ceptible. For a year there have been burning coal veins in tbe Bad Lands, but never until now have they developed any explosive symptoms. Scientists who have travelled over this region have ac counted for tbe strange formation by the supposition that at one time tbe entire area was an immense coalbed, which became ignited through some internal cause, and as it burned away tbe crust of the earth fell in. This theory bas been strengthened by the ' burning mines,' or veins of coal, and the explosion was the natural result of the pent-up forces. When , last beard from large flames of fire were being emitted at intervals of ifrom 10 to 15 minutes. 1 Atlanta, (Ga.), December 17. — On Thursday, shortly after midnight, the house of John Swilling was burned down. ? Inside were Mr. Swilling, his wife, and three bhlldren, all of whom wpre burned to deatb. Francis Saunders was arrested ''fetid confessed that he had.crushed in tbe skulls of the sleepers, saturated the bed , clothes witb' 'coal oil. applied a match, and left. Tbe citizens seized the murderer and carried him ofito lynch bim. A rumour has reached here that Sanders was tied to a tree and burned to death. Washington, December. 17.— In con nection with the wnr claim of the State of Vermont against the Government for 66,890 dollars, the Secretary of the Trea sury bas transmitted to Congress letters from the Third Auditor and the Chief of : Ordnance alleging an indebtedness on the part of that State to the Government of ^ 543,780 dollars on account of arms and 1 equipments furnished by the Govern ment during the late war for the protec tion of its frontiers. . Louisville, December 17.— The Louis ville Jockey Club has completed arrange ments whereby, in the spring of 1889, there will be a run at its racecourse of a mile and a quarter, for a stake of 50,000 dollars, perhaps the richest ever run in 'America. The conditions are modelled after those of the great English Eclipse Stakes. It will require a great many entries to fill the stake of such value, but the terms of entry are such that owners and breeder^ can well afford to make ' nominations, the forfeits being compara tively light, when the odds are taken into consideration. For the first year after tbe entry is made the forfeit is only 50 dollars; tbe odds therefore are 50 dollars to 50,000 dollars. New York, December 16.— The tribune says A syndicate of Danish capitalists has been formed to assist the immigra tion of farmers whom bard times have compelled to -sell out aud to found a colony somewhere in the far north-west, where they may begin life again under conditions offering material guarantees of euocess, as well as security from the tricks of land sharks. Its accredited representative, Soren Kjoer, ex-member : of Folkething, landed in this oity last week and .went ^est at once to begin an 1 ?- exploration of the region in whioh the , proposed settlement 1b to be plaqed, with :i special reference to climatic conditional Kjoer will spend, a month or six weeks travelling' through' 'Minnesota Wiscon sin, and Dakota, and will return at once to Copenhagen to report and take part in tbe organisation of tbe colony. It is reported from Copenhagen that some thing like 1,250,000 dollars has been sub scribed towards the purchase of land. in the north-west and the opening of the settlement, aud that M. Tietjen, tbe most enterprisiug of Danish capitalists, in hub ui uju men at tne iieou ui uie undertaking. The plan excites much interest in Denmark, as it is the first attempt to found a distinct Danish colony on American territory. Kjoer's head quarters during bis western tour will be in Bt. Paul. Guayaquil, December 11. — On tbe 2nd. instant about 60 Monteneros, headed by Lucius Vargas Torres, took possession of the city of Loja, after three hours' fight ing. On the 7th instant a Government force, under the command of Colonel Vegs, gained a complete victory over them, and Torres, Peasantes, Cabero, Ordonez, and 30 others were taken prisoners. This last blow to the insur gents will probably put an end to the revolution which has been disturbing the country solooe. New York, December 13. — Tribune re porter Henry M. Stanley said last night, concerningthe trouble at Stanley Falls :— ' I cannot speak definitely, but I could hazard a guesB.' Stanley Falls is 1400 miles from tbe mouth of the river. There are 50 black soldiers there under three Belgian officers. Tbe station is cantoned on an island below the falls. Above the falls on an island, only two miles from tbe station, is the camp of an organised band of cut-throats, 150 strong, under the Arab chief Hamid El Mohamed. The natives have nicknamed him 1 Tippu Tib' from the Bound of the drum which he usually carries with bim. Probably 1 Tippu Tib,' from long immunity, bas concluded that he is able to descend tbe Congo and wipe out the evidences of civilisation. Probably the imprudent aud over-zealous action of some young foreign officer has provoked a breach 'of the peace'and led to an attack on the station by the Tippu gang. Being splen didly armed with Winchester, Snider, Martini-Henry, and all new rifles, they doubtless bad easy work destroying tbe station.' Stanley thinks the Arabs will endeavour to travel down the Congo to Stanley Pool, plundering and burning on tbe way, unless stopped by fighting or negotiations. It may be his duty to re turn and check them. The journey from hero to Stanley Falls will take two months. New York, December 14 — Stanley will j sail on tbe Elder on Thursday, tbe King of the Belgians having repeated tbeurgent order for hi.= return. The despatch simply states that business is urgent and of vital importance, aud delay is dangerous. Stauley lectured last night at Northamp ton, Mass., and expects to be on the Congo in three months. He is under contract to serve the King of tbe Bel gians until 1888. He is much disappointed that his taste of civilisation iB so short, and that his lecture tour must be aban doned. London, December 14. — Henry M. Stanley's expedition for tbe relief of Emin Bey will start in February.. Tbe Egyptian Governmentcontributes£10,000 towards the expenses, and a private gentleman has guaranteed the projectors against monetary loss. Berlin, December 15. — The Kreuse Zeiiung says : 'Asa result ef the Delimi tation Conference, England has secured the best route to Victoria Nyanaa. From this point of view quite a new aspect is lent to her teal in preparing for the Emin Bay relief expedition. On a pretence of pursuing a humane purpose tbe English will immediately show their power in those parts, and suddenly take possession of the route leading to the inland lakes.' New York, December 15. — The Tri bune's cable special from London of. December 14th says : — An Irish landlord of high character and position tells me that Ireland never, from a landlord's point of view, was in a worse condition than now. They would have known what to expect had Gladstone's Home Rule Bill passed, and whatever may be their political opinious, there are few Irish landowners who would not have rejoiced at the opportunity to turn over their estates to somebody else. They would have been content, however, had tbe present Government adopted what thev think to be the oulv alternative policy, and adhered to it. But now nobody knows whether tliey have a policy, nor whose it is. Lord Randolph Churchill is leader to-day, Lord Salis bury to- morrow ; Lord . Aslibqurne has bis way one week, and Sir Michael HickB-Beach tbe next. 'The result of this indecision,' says the landlord whom I quote, 'is a policy of imbecility.' He insiBts that Dublin Castle could easily have checkmated Dillon's plan of cam paign at the start, or could do so even now if it would act with decision. The Government gives tbe landlords help here and refuses it there under circum stances practically identical. ' The tenants,' be declares, ' have shown great reluctance to adopt the plan of Dillon and O'Brieu, and tbe other leaders are really discouraged ; but the Government strengthens their hands and tolerates them, and allows Dillon to treat the courts and castle with open contempt. The prosecution is a farce, and nothing brings authority into such contempt as a prosecution that fails.' This he believes to be practically a failure, and this is a point on which Dillon agrees with him. London, December 15. — In the appeal of James Gordon Bennet against the decision awarding Cyrus W. Field £5000 damages for statements derogatory to tbe latter, published in the New Yorhllerald, the Court of Appeals to-day quashed the verdict against Bennett. The present decision takes the ground that Bennett, not being a British subject nor a resident of Great Britain, the substituted service on bim in London, upon which a verdict was obtained, was illegal. The court condemned Field to pay the costs. The English Eleven on Monday com menced a cricket match against 22 of Orange. The local men made 64 in their innings and the Englishmen 224' for 8 wickets. Read made 88, and Briggs, not out, 60. Cabey, the directorof the festival of Pro testant Alliance Friendly Society, has been fined for scattering handbills from a cab in the street, tbe court holding that this was depositing rubbish. The negotiations to purchase the Mel bourne Telephone Exchange have been again broken off. Dublng the yearJ1886 the New South Wales probate and administration duty yielded £100,840 to the revenue. 