Sue Iftwtaue (tam*. SATURDAY, AUGUST 27, 1SS7. In the LEGISLATIVE ASSEITOLY yesterday, The report of the Select Committee on the Bundaberg Land Sale Bill was presented to the House, and tho second reading of the ."bill was flxed for Thursday next. The Australian Joint Stock Bank Bill was passed through committee without amendment. Tho financial debato was continued in Com milteo of AVays and Means. Mr. MOBEHEAD'S amondment in favour of the sale of country lands was dofeated on division hy 29 votes to 21 votes. An amendment by Mr. KELLETT, postponing tho imposition of a land tax until after tho genoral election, was ruled out of order. Tho laud tax proposal of the Govern- ment, imposing a tax of Id. in the pound on the unimproved valuo of all freehold land above tho first £500, was carried on division by 21 votes to 5 votos, most of the Opposition members walking out of the House. Tho House adjourned at 10.2o p.m. until Tuesday. TnE Government have scored a strategic victory, and tho general election may be said to be postponed for a few months yet. But at what a sacrifice of principle on the part of many honourable members has this scratch success been obtained I Although the battle was won by the Premier by sheer manipulation of his pliant forces, the actual imposition of the land tax ia still a matter of tlie distant future. The fight will be re- newed on tlie same and other fields, and the goal desired by Sir Samuel Griffith will not bo attained until a new campaign is entered upott-if even then. It could not he said last evening that the members on the Ministerial side were like dumb, driven cattle as Mr. Chubb, the night before had, with sarcastic emphasis, twitted them with being. And it was refresh- ing to hear Mr. Foote, the usually sub- missive follower of the Government, turn on them and rend them with all the vicious ncs3 of a cheetah. It was easy to see that his claws, if not oorns, had been hardly squeezed by the proposals of the Premier Financier. Everything that the Govern- ment suggested or did was, in his opinion, bad, but especially had the administra- tion of the Lands Department been miserably wicked, and he would, like the ox-Treasurer, rather have separa-, tion pure and simple than the suggested financial decentralisation. Although there was much talk, there was little genuine contribution to instructed criticism during the sitting, and the House became im patient for the division on the amendment of the leader of the Opposition. It was a foregone conclusion. Party managers had been at work in caucus and with individuals. The Premier had announced last week that the Government must regard Mr. Moreheail's resolution as a distinct vote of want of confidence, and amongst the vvaverers aud weak-kneed of his following this declaration waa used with effect. These lion, gentlemen persuaded them- selves that they did not love the land tax less but they hated the idea of passing into the cold shade of Opposition more, and hence they were constrained to agree to cast principle to the wiuda and vote against tho amendment. The result was that Mr. Moreheacl's proposition was defeated by 29 votes to 21. Bul a stive was sought by tho recalcitrant Ministerialists for their wounded consciences. Mr. Kellett moved what he called a rider to the original resolution pledging the committee to the land tax. This rider was that the imposition of the land tax should be postponed till after nu appeal to the constituencies; but tho leader of the Opposition questioned the validity of the "rider" as an amendment, and the irrepressible and inconsequent junior member for Cook wanted the House to adjourn in order that members should reflect on the position in cool blood. The Chairman ruled that Mr. Kellett's rider could not be put, and the question was re- ferred to the Speaker, who supported Mr. Fraser's ruling. The Crown, he said, was the best judge of its own requirements, and in this case the Minister in charge of the finances of the country having informed the House that additional taxation was neces- sary, and having moved the ordi- nary resolution to give effect to that recommendation in Committeo of Ways and Means, the amendment proposed by the member for Stanley would postpone the collection of the tax to an in- definite period, aud was therefore quite out of order. The Ministerialists were jubilant. Their triumph was now secure. What with pressure and the sacrifice of the little shreds of principle left to the jelly-fish anti-land-tax supporters of the Govern- ment, the Ministry were said to be sure of a majority of four for the main resolution ou a division. But the Opposition saved the thick and thin Ministerialists much anxiety. AVhen the division bell rang Mr. Morehead rose and walked out of the House, and there was a rush of his friends to accompany him-including his new hench- men, Messrs. Thorn and Foote. The only members of the Opposition who sat in their "places were Messrs. Norton and Phil p, to whom .countenance was given by Messrs. Dickson, (Hill, and Kellett, from the Government aide 'of the House. Tlie action of the Opposition s puerile. *. ia onlv in circumstances of grave pubhc danger, when there can h» quotum that a Ministry is -"¡¿J* course ruinous to the highest C^ * interests of the country/ S beSt Opposition ia justified in tal-*"1 such an extreme method of »¿. g its protest. While we think the prom?,3 of the Government inexpedient'TJ best, they are not at the present mom, I such as to demand the step taken by C Morehead and the majority nf v-' colleagues. It is likely to imnl =rn further if not altogether destroy the 07 fidence which sensible people in ^ country had in the Opposition. AVe hi heard of leaders with followers who won!? not follow, but here we have foUowers w S leaders who will not lead or l lead to political suicide.' As result of this blunder in leadership* the Government carried their land tar Tt» lution by 24 to 5. When they saw tt°« Government safe, Messrs. Grimes, AVaC field, and Campbell walked out of the House-the two former without a word Mr. Campbell piteously said that while h« disapproved of the land tax, his constituent* were of a different opinion, and so he declined to bo either a simple delegate or to have the courage of his convictions. But some explanation of their conduct is due to the country, if, not to themselves, by the silent member for East Moreton and the flexible member for Oxley. AVe understand that Sir Samuel Griffith looks upon the vnt. as a distinct vote of confidence from the House, and he announced his intention of making a Ministerial statement on Tuesday next on tho political situation. This state- ment will be looked forward to with curiosity and anxiety. INSURANCE! Companies are supposed to be like all other trading co-partneries, the best judges of the manner of conducting their own business. And under ordinary circum- stances the resistance by an insuring society of the payment of a claim might call for no special comment. Pires aro common enough in our city to render the most liberal of insurers suspicious, unless the surrounding facts make clearly for pure accident. This must always be the case in a city whose state .is one of transition as ours is. But when a fire occurs about which there can be not the slightest suggestion of arson, and goods are destioyed, the property of a firm of the highest standing in the colony, it seems somewhat strange that payment of the insurance effected in good faith with an old and reputable company should be refused. The case of Quinlan, Gray, and Co. against the Norwich Union Fire Insurauce Company, which occupied the time and attention of the Supreme Court and a jury for the best part of this week, possesses features of interest to tho whole commercial community. Messrs. Quinlan, Gray, and Co. were agents for the insurance company, and the principal members of tho firm Mr. Quinlan and Mr. Gray-had in succession held a power-of-attorney to act as their agent. The agents are also large general merchants, and as merchants effected through their agency for the Norwich Union Company insurances at different periods from Feb- ruary, 1877, to Juue, 1882, on property in various of their stores-the total amount of insurance being Ü4000. These insurances were subsequently transferred to the gooda contained in one shed on the wharf at Petrie's Bight, and endorsements were written on the policies as the gooda were removed to that shed. The insurance com- pany were informed of what had been done, tho building in which the goods were stored was fully described, it was inspected by the company's travelling inspector, and the risk approved, at least, not objected to, and the company with this full knowledge before them received the premiums. Unhappily a fire occurred in March, 1884, and destroyed the store witt its contents. Other insurance companies had taken a share in the risks, and the total damaged were assessed by an independent assessor acting for all the companies. The other companies paid their quota of the assessed damages promptly ; the Norwich Union Company through their general agent, Mr. Goddard, of Sydney, first promised settlement of the claim against them, then suggested a compromise, and finally re- sisted payment. Two main grounds of objection were stated to the payment of the insurance. First that Messrs. Quinlan, Gray, and Co. as agents for the insurance company had ex- ceeded their authority by insuring goods beyond the limit of £1000 allowed in a class of building like that on the Government wharf, which was of iron on a wood frame and roofed with iron. There was a good deal of evidence as to whether this class of build- ing was more hazardous than one of brick or stone with a metal, slate, tile, or shingle roof. But the real point at issue was whether an insurance company knowing the exact character of the building, the quantity and quality of the goods stored in it, approving of the endorsement of policies of insurance on these goods, and receiving the premiums without demur, can after- wards turn round and say, "You as our agents exceeded your authority." So loos as it was the payment and receipt of premiums there was no question of excess of authority. Nay, io another similar case the excess of the limit seemed to be specifically approved. Com- mon business precepts would lead one to suppose that the prior knowledge coupled with the appropriation of tho premiums condoned the excess of authority, even it that were demonstrated, winch it was not, for it was in evidence that Mr. Congrieve, the inspector, told Mr. Gray on this very point of risks to use his own judgment If the law or practice permitted an insu- rance company to accept and appropriai premiums from clients who believed thal they were safely covered from loss, while all the time the insurance compiny were aware they had only to plead excess or authority in the event of a fire, and se- nd themselves of responsibility of payment, then confidence would be destroyed, gow faith in the commercial world would w broken. But the second ground of objec- tion to payment of the insurance was tna the renewal endorsements on the V°w were not signed personally by the m«mD: of the firm of Quinlan, Gray, and Co., i whose favour the power-of-attoroey . agent was granted by the Norwich Uino Company, but by the managing clerk oi^ insurance department of Messrs. t¿ui » Gray, and Co. But in a large mew»» business the personal signature of such documents is scarcely ever earned out, and I, ffas said during the conduct of the case, the majority of insurances would he bad if this doctrine were to be strictly enforced. The point was reserved by the Chief Justice, but Sir Simuel Griffith's contention that the sign- ing of the endorsements by any particular «.non mattered little, so long as the pre miums were accepted by the company isa common-sense and business-like view. Hie ruinating clerk in signing the endorsements acted°as the hand of the agent, and it is only a quibble unworthy of a great cor nontion to say that a policy is void because the' «"nature was not in the agent's own handwriting. The jury arrived at the con elusion that the insurance company had not full knowledge that the clerk signed the endorsements, although they had full knowledge of the facts of the endorsements, of the excess beyond the limit of risk, and of the increased risk in the removal of the eoods to the one store. Judgment was entered for the plaintiffs ; otherwise con- fidence in the safety of insurance, on which so much of the comfort of daily life in the home and in the business office depends, niirdit have been seriously impaired. THE IIOX. GEORGE THORN'S proposal to ¿ssist the farmer and swell the revenue with outinjuring the consumer-all by clapping au additional duty upon imported butter-is a fiir sample of the avenge Protectionists economic ideas The only difference is that a more skilful debater would have dressed the fallacious argument in mote specious guise and would not have set it naked before the House and country with all its uusoundness glaringly exposed Sir S W Griffith, who is not to be en trapped into uttering such obvious absurdi ties as is Mi Geoige Thorn, cleverly evaded one pitfall by dechung m his Financial Statement that increased duties would not j use more revenue He inferred that thou oui) eftect would be to increase local pi o duction and to induce a consequent falling oil of ímpoi tatton Ibis he his vet y good ground foi holding, but theie can evidently be no ground for holding, as does Ins lateot cross bench acquisition, that the importation would continue unabated and the local production increased That is too ridiculous to argue upon And Mr George Thom is also ridiculous when he asserts that an increased duty " would not ruse the pi lee of butter If it w ould not, how can it encourage ? If the same puce is -»till to be paid as now, how vv ill the local industry be "fostered? The dominant idea of " protection," an idea which all pro tectionist advocates wot of and accept, is thitthero ue certain industries which do not pay at the puce now received foi then products, but that if that price was raised then they would pay This is the underlying but usually concealed pio tectionist theoij, and the natural : esiilts of a partial cessation of competition «how clearly that it would secure the higher price aimed at Take an illustration Sup ] use that a market needs 10,000lb of buttei, and only 50001b of native butter are available Foreign butter at Is will keep the native butter of similai quality dow n to that price, but if by a duty the cost to maiket of the foreign butter is raised to Is _d, it is plain that theie can be no competition until that rate is reached, foi till then only oOOOlb of non dutiable buttei is at hand to supply a 10,0001b market It nnv be said, and undei coi tam conditions riLutly, that the higher price would induce more native faimeis to make butter, md thus encourage agncnl tire eventually supplying the full mirket lequnements from inside the colony, and thus causing a local competition, when prices would again fall This is a \ eiy pretty argument, is almost woithyofSir S "rt Giifhth, and more than worthy of Mr George Thorn, aftei his Thursday nights ha augue, but there is a Haw in it Those ceitain conditions ' aie that no counter v ultng burdens should be placed upon the fai mer, that aguculturo alone should be eil couragcd, and that by a clean gift of 2d m the pound for all the butter which the consumers of the colony use But surely Sir S W Griffith knows this to bo absurd The man who subsidises the fanner hy paying 2d per pound extra for butter himself expects to be sub st lised by a similar increased paj ment by the farmer or somebody else He will cer tandy not pay the twopence for nothing, neither protectionist nor free-trader can expect him to. There must be an all-round subsidisation, and tho same farmer who gets 2d. per lb. extra for butter must pay 20 or ~ô or 40 per cent more-it only depends upon the extent of the " protection"-for the many things which ho in turn must necessarily buy. ITis clothes, his boots, his machinery, his timber, his iron, and a score of other articles will cost him more through protection" than he can possibly receive from it. It must, for farming is a natu- ral industry, and the natural industries must bear the cost of protection, the ex- pense of raising exotic industries, and this burden must react upon the town-worker, whose prosperity rises and falls with that « the tiller of the soil. It is all very well to hoodwink the farmers by talking of pro resting butter making. In towna they talk °t protecting other things, which the farmer hears little of. And as for making a market, «e market is here for all the pro- duce which the Queensland farmer can r-ijse. If he is beaten in it by outsiders it is because unwise government or unbusiness iKe habits of his own trammel him. And ""se drawbacks are not likely to be removed by the mo3t burdensome draw- back of protection. ' Ino debate on the financial proposals of the government and Mr. Morehead's amendment ja favour of the sale of land was continued in , Assembly yesterday, after the little private "u«mcsbthat there was for consideration had wen disposed of, and resulted in tho amend- ant being defeated, and the resolution, which * il part of the financial proposals of the ^urnment, imposing a tax of Id. in tho lound on the unimproved valuo of all free ff,, 7d ,within the colony, over the first £500 '"'"value, being agreed to. The debate ^coneluded about a quarter to 10 o'clock, mino nrst division reäulted fa Mr_ Monj_ <-m-, amendment being defeated by 29 vote? ^ -1 votes. The 9 other votes which aro left .' be accounted for include those of Mr. S. ?a»er,who was in the chair, Messrs. AV. V. 'own and -Wallace, who had been present BVt P CVOnins but had now left, Messrs. i-m ? ' and Stevens. who are absent 'm town, Messrs. Smyth and Lissner, who I r ni? £ the colon>"' and the Tcaat seat ruarhng Bowns. Mr. Stevens is nt South tu,;¿0??edto llLabcd sin(* Monday by an j/^MWhiüs. Mr. Kellett then moved u\t TI\ aS- he caUed il' to ^e Principal the '"T po,mn°rtheimpositionofthotax until " oa8^^ral1eeu«on-"^ieh must take place ci-lr J'dat°- ?Aite "°T desultory db »ÄT ^f vhWl the Prem!er ¿ia he UUnT,; the decUion of the House being «nea.Z Va mOÜ0U ^itself . «the Gt»ern th-Ch«? Care what the re&ult; "»S^ be, Si ¿Tan ruled ^ tte rid=r °ould Tt ¿ '?wwftW "T?T?" tad already decided on **? SA iftrtjldnuUify aitoff=ther. eUett ^»ented from his ruling, and appealod to the Speaker from it; but the Speaker, like Balak of old, blessed instead of cursing, and confirmed the chairman's ruling oiithoconstitutional ground (he quoted " May") that tho Crown ia tho best judgo of its own requirements, and that the Government had carried a motion to supply those requirements which tho " rider" would postpono to an indo finito period. Oa the Premier's motion being put, twenty-four voted for it and five against it, the Opposition following their loader, Mr. Morehead, beyond tho barrier, amidst the laughter of tho Ministerial supporters and cries of "Shcop." The motion was declared car- ried amidst Ministerial cheering, and tho Houso adjourned at once, the Premier saying that when the Houso mot on Tuesday he would pro face tho business with a statement of what tho Government proposed to do in consequoiico of what had taken place. If Mr. Foote, the good-natured member for Bundanba, does not earn for himself tho name of a Parliamentary rat it will not be .his own fault, for he plnbaly announced during a violent attack ho made on tho Government yes- terday afternoon that in his opinion it did not do to stop in a sinking ship. Ho had not a good word to say for tho Government of which ho used to bo so fond. They aro bad money men, scolded Mr. Footo ; they don't know how lo take caro of the money. Thoy havo got hold of a prinoiplo, and that principio is to bo solved, cost tho country what it may, but though that might bo all right if Ministers were dealing with their own purses, it was not right when the publio purso was involved. By the exercise of a little care, a little manage ment, tho deficit might havo been avoidod altogether. Then lie rated tho Minister of Lands for his "most miserable administration ' of his department, and said that ho would prefer separation. puro and simplo to tho Premier's decentralisation proposals. Tho House, including; ovon Ministers, seemed rather to enjoy tho speech than otherwise, and Mr. Foote, who finished just bofore tho adjourn- ment for dinner, enabled members to go to that meal in high good humour. Sir John Coodo's report on tho Norman River bar is not yet on its way to tho colony, us the Premier, labouring undor a misconception, said it was on Thursday ovoning. This is not tho case, but ho is going to soo Mr. Nesbit as soon ns possible as to tho exact position of the surveys of the Norman River and tho roport, and will let tho House know tho result. Mr. Edward Palmer has followed up his strong appeal on behalf of the Croydon people by giving notice that he will ask the Premier if he will cause a survey to be made of a rail- way from Normanton to that goldfield, and, if not, if tho Government will object to a private company undertaking tho work. Mr. Sheridan has been misleading his con- stituents in regard to the steel sleeper contract, unintentionally, of couse, and on the strength of the assurance which was given him by the ex-Treasurer, Mr. Dickson, that local firms would be allowed to compete with the foreign firms for the steel plate contract. He wrote and told the Maryborough ironfounders this, and they wrote back thanking him for his exer- tions, and saying they would tender, so that ho was horrified when lie hoard tho Premier say that tho tenders had already boen accepted in London. The Promicr regretted tho misunder- standing, but nt tho samo time justified Mr. Diokson's promise, saying that ho had made similar promises himself to ironfounders who had como to him. In tha meantime, however, tho Agent-General had called for tondcrs in London, saying thoy must bo sent in imme- diately, and as one of thom was very much lower than the Government had expected to got, thoy decided that they could not do better tlian accept it, as thoy had the best information that tho material oould not bo obtained so cheaply in the colony, nud besides, tho money was lying idle at tho bank in London and could bo used for tho purohaso. Mr. Annear scolded the Government for first advertising for tenders for tho labour mid material in tho colony and then withdrawing tho invitation ; and ho also claimed that the local firms could got tho material in London cheaper than tho Govern- ment. Mr. Shoridan in anothor little speech, which ended tho debate on tho question, said that Mr. Diokson had told him that if the local firms could do tho work at a littlo higher prico than tho English firms he would bo prepared to give it to the former. Tho Government havo listenod kindly to tho representations recently mndo to them by tho promoters of tho Exhibition which is to be hold in Melbourno noxt yoar, aud havo under thoir consideration now tho advisablcness of being officially represented at it. Tho Promier said this in the Assembly yesterday aftornoon, at tho samo tune reminding members that tho Government had already requosted tho com- missioners of tlie Indian and Colonial Exhibi- tion to receive exhibits which tho Government woidd forward to Melbourne, and that tho commissioners had consented to do this. Mr. Norton inquired if tho Indian and Colonial Commissioners had been officially thanked hy the Government for thoir exertions. The Promier roplicd that they had not yet beon thanked, for thoir work was not yet comploted, but they would bo, as ho qidto agreed that thoy deserved the best thanks of the country for what they had done. In the interests of tho commercial community tho member for Townsville, Mr. AV. V. Brown, has given notice in the Assembly of his inten- tion to introduce a bill to amend the Chinoso Immigration Act in regard to the number of Chinese which may be carried on any of tho ocean going steamers touching at Queensland ports. By the third section of the -1" Aric, No. 13, suoh vessels may only carry one Chinese passenger for each 60 tons of its tonnage, and this whether tlie passengers aie to bo landed at a Queensland port or at a port in another colony. Should a vcssol, therefore, havo moro than tlie legal number of Chinese passengers on board sho cannot touch at a Queensland port at all, but has to go on to Sydney-passenger?, cargo and all-and then reship the passengers and cargo booked for Queensland back again. Mr. Brown's object is not to interfere with the restriction now imposed as to passengers, but only to allow cargo to be landed howovcr many Chinese passengers there are on board, and not, as in the case of tho recent consignment of the present season's teas, which had to be sent to Sydney nnd reshipped back, because there were passengers for that port on hoard in excess of the number allowed by our Act. Tho bill will give an opportunity to the anti-Chinese people to put their recent efforts for an increase poll tax in a practical shape. The first private bill of the session which has been successfully engineered through the Assembly is the Australian Joint Stock Bill, which was introduced by North Brisbane's junior representative, Mr. William Brookes, and which now only waits its formal third reading. As the law now stands this bank, because it is worldng under a charter, is pro- hibited from making advances on real property, and the Premier, speaking for the Government, said he saw no reason why the restriction should bo continued ; it was introduced a great many years ago muter the impression, drawn from English experience and circumstances, that it was dangerous to allow funds to be locsed up on mortgage of real estate, and lb.3 altered condition of things in the colony renders the restriction no longer necessary. Mr. Dickson, as a financier, also gave his support to the bill, principally because bants formed under the Companies Act had not the disa bility and as to tho locking up of tho money, that is merely a matter of administration iu his opinion. Mr. Dickson added that if the A.J.Ö. Bank or any other bank wanted to do this class of business they would do it. It was only necessary that tho transaction should bo entered into before tho security is taken. Early in tho sitting of the Assembly yester- day lion, members wore greatly amused by the Speaker calling on " Mr. Burke," when Mr. Palmer caught his official eye. Tho mistake did not seem unnatural, as Mr. Palmor repre- sents the, Burke district, but it really went deoper than this. Mr. Groom had boen reading Burke's speeches for two hours during tho morning, and seated in his presidential chair hud in his eyo tile tall commanding figuro of the grc>at statesman standing on the floor of tho House of Commons, and heneo the excla- mation. That Mr. Palmer's manner and figure did not disturb tho illusion is highly compli- mentary to that gentleman's appearance. Among the most prominent of tho trophies won at the Exhibition is a handsome claret jug, present by Mr. E. A. Smith, tho secretary of the Queensland National Association, for compétition in tho Jubileo Hunters' Plate. The jug, which is oomposed of cameo glass mid silver, is of a very pretty design, the subject being field primrosos, which stand out hi relief in white on a light maroon ground. Round the nook is a solid silver band, on which is a wreath of flowers in low relief. The lid is also of silver, beautifully worked, us is tho handle, whick extends tho wholo length of tho jug. Tho jug is enclosed in au octagon-shaped cuso of peacock blue plush, mid is tho production of Messrs. Elkington and Co., Limited, for whom Messrs. Foster and Kelk aro the solo agents hore. lUessrs. Gordon and Gotcli havo forwarded us a copy of tho revised edition of tho " Cus- toms Compendium " by Mr. E. J.. Hennessey. The first edition was issued in 1870 on tho suggestion of tho lato lion. AV. Thornton with a view of supplying in simplo and clear lun guago for tho uso of tho publio tho various laws, regulations, and priiotiocs of tho dopnrt mout. Alterations in the law havo rendered a revised edition of tho work a uocossity, and tho many business men and others who havo re- ceived assistance from Mr. Hennessey's formor work will bo glad to learn that it is now issuod with corrections to dato. Mr. T. M. King, tho presen t Collector of Customs, lins read through tho proof shoots, mid has expressed his ontiro satisfaction with tlie manner in which tho work has boen performed. All who have business with tho various Custom-houses of the colony will find it an invaluable assistance, lor, us tho Collector of Customs says in his introductory note, " Tho information supplied is full, ex- haustive, nnd accurate, and conveniently ur ranged for referenco." Telegraphic communication willi Thursday Island having boen effected, tho rates for mes- sages on tho Capo York Peninsula and Thursday Island lines aro published in the " Gazette, "and aro to be as follow :-To and from all stati ona on tho mainland, oxisting rates (i.e., for Queens- land messages, Is. for thu first ten words and Id, for every additional word). To and from Thursday Island, 2s. extra for thofirstton words, and 2d. extra for each additional word, over and above tho mainland ratos. No free busi- ness will bo allowed over tho lines north of Laura, and therefore all shipping news must bo paid for. Tho Pross rates will bo Id. por word, including address and signature Mini- mum charge Is., in addition to the mainland rate. The Commissioner for Railways receivod tenders yesterday for tho manufacturo of four lots of 20,000 stool sleepors, PhillipB's rjatout, from J. AV. Sutton and Co., Toowoomba, Foundry Company ; John Walker and Co., Limited ; Springall and Frost, Ipswich ; B. H. Babbidgo ; and Collier mid Hatton. Ten- dera were also reeoived for tho supply of sum mor uniforms for officials on tho Queensland railways from the Ipswich Woollen Factory, for all railways, and James Stewart and Co., Rockhampton, for the Central Railway. " Tho Shadows of a Great City," which has bo successfully occupied tho boards of tho Gaiety Theatre during tho past weok, w ill bo played to-night for tho last time. On Monday night it will givo way to tho drama, "First Class," which will thou be playoJ for tho first timo in Brisbano. The company has, wo aro in- formed, been considerably strengthened to givo a perfect representation of this play, and in various other ways tho manageinout havo sought to mako its production a complete suc- cess. The performance announced for to-night at tho Theatre Royal is a specially attractive one. As already announced, it will bo tho farawell of the Holloway Dramatic Company, and tho occasion of Miss Essio Jonyns's benefit. Tho programme will open with tho comedietta, "Broaking tho leo," mid tho socond part will consist of Conway Edwards's brilliant comedy, "Heroes." In the interval between tho two, Miss Kuto Alma will sing "Alla Stella Confidente." " Harbour Lights," tho nautical drama by G. R. Sims and Henry Pettitt, which has boon so remarkably successful at tho Adelphi Theatre, London, will bo played at tho Theatre Royal on Monday noxt for tho first time in Brisbano by Mr. George Leitch and his com- pany. The RidgwavB wero able to place thoir now programme before a fair audienco last night. Tho old favourites, Misses Rosie and Nellie Ridgway and Mdlle. Franzini, again appeared to much advantago, while Eugeno Tyndall's performances on tho Roman rings and hori- zontal bar wero very neatly gone through. Tho characteristic dunces of tho Ridgway Midgets wero a great improvement on their initial performances. Mr. George Ridgway bore tho burden of the evening's work, and after going through his flying trapeze act, asked if the person who had accepted tho "cannon ball" challengo was present, but, getting no response, proceeded with his latest attraction, that of pulling against two horses, which he ¡successfully did last night. Tho horses, which wero obtained from Knight's horse bazaar, pulled (both together) till a trace broke, and this was deemed quito sufficient to show Mr. Ridgway's strength. The entertain- ment conoluded with a farce entitled "Tho Brigands," in which Mr. George Ridgway showed that he is no mean comedian. There will bo an afternoon performance to- oay. To- night, being the last night of those popular "eccentricities," and also on account of its being the bonofit night of the Ridgwuy Midgets, a bumper house is expected. The company will at onco proceed North. In our second leader yesterday morning it was erroneously stated that Sir S. AV. Griffith had lately met Sir John Macdonald. Wo are informed that tho Premier of this colony has never seen the gentleman named, although Sir Samuel passed through Canada on his way from the Imperial Conference. At the Polico Court yesterday morning Paul Harford (IS), a very respectable- looking young fellow, was charged with having been illegally on enclosed premises-in tho Leichhardt-street school shed. It appeared that ho was in that vicinity on Thurbday when it carno on to rain, whereupon he got through the broken palings, and went in out of the rain. Défendent was fined 10s., to he recovered by levy and distress. Mr. Pinnock said they were enclosed premises, and ho (defendant) had no business there. The fine was paid Mr. Justice Mein and a jury of four wero ' occupied in tho Supreme Court all day yostor dny with the hearing of evidence in the case of Hobson and othors v. Plant and others, a mining dispute. Tho ovidenco for tho de- fendants is not yet completed, and it is under- stood that there aro five witnesses to bo oxarainod for the plaintiffs. The court, at its rising, adjourned till Monday, but it is hardly likely tilia caso will be finished before Tuosday forenoon. Tho following is tho list of cases which will bo hjnrd at the Criminal Sittings of tho Supremo Court, boforo Justlco Harding, on Monday next :-Thomas John Odell, larceny as a servant ; Patrick Hurloy, murder ; Thomas Scott, Henry Denny, and John Chirk, larcrny from tho person ; Mary Honan, larceny (com- mitted for sentence) ; Sydney Montefiore, for- gery and uttering ; John Adams, breach of Immigration Act, 1S82 (committed for sen tonco) ; Stephen Gillesplo Melvin, Sam. Pinch, Hy. Jackson, Susan "Wall, and Stephon "Wilson, perjury. Mr. G. R. Bymo will proseouto on behalf of tho Crown. Boamelo Andreadi, Boulittini Navari, Antonio Parrotti, and Marrotto Bonardo, who had been romanded from Bowen and Towns- ville, wero all charged as escapees from tho French penal settlement of Now Caledonia. Jean Fooochou, first-class military warder at Now Caledonia, living at Noumea, said he know tho four defendants boforo tho court (proper names aro Tibaldi, Blanc, Oas sagno, and Bono) ; ho produced the copies of tho original doscription sheets of tho defen- dants; tho four mon aro escapees from Now Caledonia; thoy osonped about Mik or loth July; nono of their sentences lind boon com- pleted, and ouch is illegally at largo ; nino havo escaped in tho last three or four months. Défendants woro thoa rcniuudod till 31st. M. Paris interpreted in Italian, French, Spanish, and English, and Inspector Lowis appeared to prosccuto. From Molbourno papers just to hand wo notico that Dr. AAr. Mooro, son of tho Rev. W. Moore, of Brisbano, has boon ro-eleoted us ouo of tho surgeons to the out patients of tho Molbourno-Hospital. The contest seems to havo boon a severo one. As showing the number of subscriber* and lifo governors of this hospital-tho persons entitled to volo at theso elections-it may ho mentioned that Dr. Mooro polled nearly 1500 votes, and that of till tho physioians and surgeons standing for oloction to tho various positions in tho institution, tho ono who Btood highest on tho poll had 2000 votes recorded in his favour. Upon tho application of tho Curator of Intestate Estatos orders for administration wero granted in the following intestate estates: Honry Bliukell, Milo station ; AVm. Brown, Dunwioli ; Moritz Jlou/enroder, Tenham ; Don. Larkin, Groen Swamp ; Michael Malone alias James Mulholland, Dunwioli; Stephon Nioholson, Cairns ; Joseph Piggot, Cairns ; Antonio Sulioman, Ravenswood ; Aubrey Turnor, Bundaberg; Thomas AV. Sorivner, Boggy Crook ; Don. AVilson, Glen Alioo ; Wm. Waterman, Adavale ; Frank R. Edkins, Dillalah- station ; Christian F. Strookfuss, Buinlaborg ; David Keonc, Roma ; Chas. Christian Smith, Percy island No. 2 ; Thomas Savago, Gympie ; James Cromp, Boorara station; and James Freelin, Cloncurry. Orders for tho sale of lands were granted in Iho fol- lowing eases :-Richard Davis, Cloncurry; Patrick Downey, Freshwater Crook, near Cairns ; Stephen Moor, Maryborough ; Charles Breed, Cloncurry. A despatch hu3 hoon received from the Sec- retary of Stato for tho Colonies by tho Go- vernor, intimating that the month of July in oaoh year has boon fixed for tho qualifying literary examination of colonial candidates for commissions in tho Imperial Army. July was selected as all tho colonies concernod, oxcopt Now Zealand, had expressed a proforenco for that month. At a meeting of tho commitle« of tho Q.T.C., hold yesterday afternoon, it was decided to suspend for six months Davis, tho rider of Touohstono in tho Flying Handicap OB Saturday last. Davis has boon disqualified fo.. suspicious riding. Tho Nativo Rose caso is still sub judice. A mooting of tho council of tho Queensland Rille Association was hold at tho brigado oilico last ovoning. Thoio woro present : Captain Burrell, iuthochuir, Captain Moody (treasurer), Inspector Lewis, Lieutenant Gartsido, Mossrs. Hobday, Joans, Bain, Claclier, and Taylor. The value of tho different prizes, for tho Lioonscd Victuallers' match was determined, and tho method to bo adopted in disposing of tho Mordíanla' Prize among tho throo suries disouHsed. It was finally resolved that tho council should draw for places, with tho result that tho highest scorer ut 200 yards should havo tho first choice, thou tho highest ut 500 yards, and, lastly, tho highest at 800 yards ; tliis order to bo followed until tho last prizo has been disposed of. AVith roforonco to tho Govcrnmont grant it was rosolvod to ask Mr. Mellor and Captain Foxton, MM.L. A., to join tho chairman and secretary in forming a depu- tation te the Chief Secretary to request that tho amount bo paid at an early dato in order not to keep the prize-winners waiting for their prizes. "Whon this is decided it is the intention of tho council to ask the Governor to distributo the prizes won at tho late meeting. A sub- committee, consulting of Messrs. Hobday, G.irtsldo, Joans, and the secretary, was ap- pointed to roviso tho rulos. Several accounts having boon passed for payment, the mooting terminated. The Commissioner for Railways announces that tho time-tablo of tho S. and "VV. Railway for August will remain in force during Septem- ber, with tho following exceptions :-Tho 9.45 n.m. train from Ipswich to Brisbano will leave at 9.50 ; and tho 3.15 p.m. train from Brisbane to Ipswich will leave at 3.20. The train due to lcavo Morven for Roma at 9.40 will leave at 9.35 a.m. A nsw train will run from Logan Village to Logan River to connect with the midday train, hence to Stanley-street. Logan Village depart 10 a.m.; Stanley-street arrive 12.20 p.m. The " second grand masque" under tho auspices of the Danish Society wai given in tho German Hall, South Brisbano, last night. Tho arrangements wero in sonic respects similar to those on the 17th Juno last, and the same strict rules to prosorvo the respectable character of the assembly wero observed last night. There was a good attendance, and nearly nil present wore fancy costumes. Among the masked dancers the most prominent wero two black imps, whoso costuraos weio remarkably complete and supplied with all the traditional appendages. Of the other cos- tumes, "La Perichole," "Britannia," " Ger- mania," " Denmark," " Norway," and " Littlo Red Riding Hood," were among tho best of the others. At 10.30 tho masks wero removed, and throo well arranged allegorical tableaux wero exhibited on the stage. The first repre- sented thothreo Scandinavian countries,Denmark Norway, and Sweden. The second was tho " Seven Australasian Colonies," represented by littlo girls, and the third Britannia, surround 3d hy her colonies. Tho tableaux, which wero well managed, were lit up by Mr. Tyrrell with coloured limelights in a very fino style. Mr. Tyrrell also threw tho limelights on the dancers and on Mr. Tliomlo's Aro and water fountain. Tho decorations of tho hall wero elaborate und profuse, and included a large number of coloured lights. Dancing was sustained with great spirit until an early hour this morning In addition to a few national dances, a cotillion was danced by nearly all present. The loturn Intercolonial Football Match, 1 Now South Wales v Queensland, wdl bo played tina afternoon at tho Albort Sports Ground in the presence of his Excolloncy the Governor and Lady Musgrave Both toams havo boon roamnged, and as tho visitors arc bound to mako a big struggle for victory, ono of tho most evciting g unos ov er vv ltncs'.od in this colony ma) bo anticipated The committee of tho Northern Rugby Union, m anticipation of tho largo nunibor of spectators likely to I e pie«ent havo provided oxtia sitting accommo- dation Special busses will run tiom Quocn stroet to the ground ovoiv few minutes, and tho gimo will oommonoo at J 30 p m Tho follow - mg rila) era will ropio«out Queensland - Atkinson, back Anderson, Pxtou, find T Platten half bucks O Rourke, H Pratten, and Small, quaitoi bael s 1 H Manson (ciptain), Baynes, Blanohaid Hughes Mutoh, Itod^oi Smith, and AVilson, foivvaids Hie New South Wales team has been reinforced dining tho wcok b) tho arrival of two now pla) ora, Messis Noil and Smaiil Tho mooting called of panshionois of St John s foi last night lapsed, theio only boitig foin poisons prefaont A vv eli attended concert vv BB given last night in tho Temporáneo Hull South Bnsbauo, m aid of the fund foi oflecting rop ins to St Kill m's Sohool Mrs Kell) pla) ed tho various accompaniinonta, and Miss Kelly bang a couplo of songs very nccoptabl) The bchoolboys gavo tho "Minstrel Boy" and tho ' Mulligan Guilds" voiy woll, hut ono of tho host items in the pi0oiammo was Mi Shannes)'s iceital of "Shamus O'Brien," a voi) oonstionlious porfonnanco indeed, and giv mg pionuso of bollol things in fntuio Tho school will benefit considerably hy tho ontoitaiuinont At tho closo of the concert thero was a dance The ofheer in chirgo of Border Customs, stationed at Boetoota, îcpoits to llio Collector of Customs inidoi date 2nd Vugust, as follow s -On tho 1st July a heavy thunderstorm broke over tliis distrlot, tho lightning being very vivid, nnd the thunder unusually loud ; O'SGin. rain was registered on that occasion, and was followed by a furthor fall of 0-Min. on tho 3rd. This brought Brown's Crook down, but it only ran for n fortnight. Travelling caltlo aro still coming down. Tho most of thom havo to travel round by Canterbury for provisions. Tho following lots passed during tho month : 5Ö0 flits from Roxburgho Downs, Chadwick in oharge, for Melbourno ; 1000 mixed from Carrandotta, nurdcastlo in ohargo, for Bourko ; 430 fats from Cuttaburra, Scnulnn in ohargo, for Molbouruo ; 37ö mixed fats from Cuttaburra, Byan in chargo, for Molboumo; and 430 fats from Cooningoru, II. Parker in charge, for Mcjbourno. Grass and horbugo aro plentiful. Tho roads uro in good oondition, and all kindB of stock aro looking well. Tho horso disenso soonis to havo died out, and although a dozen wore altnckod only four sucounibod to its effects. The Cooper has boon recently lined witli travelling- Btook. No provisions aro obtainable. Tho mon in ohargo of tho Currawilla cuttle fed on rats for three wooks, mid othors will bo in tho samo position unless thoy havo largo supplies with thom. Tho first placo whoro rations omi bo obtained is on tho Wilson. Ho travelled a distanco of 349 miles on patrol duty during the month. Tho Hand of Friendship Lodgo, No. 41, I.O.G.T.,holiUhoirweeklysession ntlho Friends Meeting - house, Makorston - stroet, North Quay, on Thumlay night, Bro. Slade, "W.C.T., presiding. Thcro was only a small atten- dance. After tho business of tho lodgo was finished tho previous session's progranimo was continued with good rosults. At tho closo of tho mooting, the "W.C.T. announced that at the next sosoion n dobuto on tho question, " Should Good Tomplars smoko?" would tako place, und that ho would tako up the affirmative. Mr. R, P. Adams, who is well known in Brisbane in connection with (ho business managomont of tho Evangelical Standard, announces that in conjunction with his son ho intends to open business as general com- mission, houbo, land, and ostalo agonts. From iiiinoimoomonts olecwhoro it will bo noon that Mr. AdimiB lias soourcd tho metropolitan agonoy of tho Now Zealand Firo and Marino Insurance Company and of tho Mutual Lifo Association of Australasia. With his onorgy and business habita Mr. Adaina should bo ablo to Hoouro for tho new finn a fair sharo of business within tho linos laid down in their advertisements. A correspondent writes from South Brisbano complaining of tho white metal used on tho streets there. Ho says:-"If nothing olso shouldjurgo us on to scok for separation this is ono of tho things which Bhould do it, Tho white stulf which is so much used on this sido of tlw rivor must cost as much, if not moro, than tho best bluo mobil would cost, as tho letters from the quarry proprietors¡havo demon- strated. I think that tho least tho city fathera could do would bo to uso as much of tho bluo metal on this sido ns possible whilo the market is so favourable, and thoy would recobro tho appreciation of IIB as ratepayers." A special mooting of shipwrights will bo hold on Monday ovening noxt. Tho usual evangelistic services will bo hold hi the Theatre Royal on Sunday ovoning. A concert will bo givon in St. John's school- room on Tuoaday ovening next. Tenders aro invited hy tho Woolloongabba Divisional Board for dray work. Mr. AV. AV. Collins lectures to-morrow night in the Gaioty Thoatro on " Scionco and Religion." Particulars of tho services to bo held at tho Wliarf-BticetBaptibt Church will bo found in our advortiBing columns. Tho steamer Kate will leavo Messrs. D. L. Brown's wharf to-morrow morning on an ex- cursion to Humpybong. Notico of a call of Id. on each of the aliaros of tho East Disraeli Gold Mining Company, Limited, Rishton, Charters Towers, is givon. The distribution of prizes to mombois of tho Naval Brigade Rifle Club will bo made by Mrs. Wright at tho Senior Naval Officer's ollico to-day. Tho socond nnnual mooting of tho Quoons land Scottish Riflob is advertised to bo held in tho Town Hall, on Wednosday evoning, the 31st instant. Applications aro invited by tho secretarios of the Hospital for Sick Children for tho position of lady superintendent, ut a salary of £100 per annum. A branch of the Q.N. Bank has boon opened at tho North Pine. Tho Cuboolturo branch will bo closed on tho 6tb September, and tho business transferred to the North Pino. Preliminary notice is given in unothor column of performances by tho Brisbane Amateur Oporn Company, beginning on 2Gth September, on behalf of the Brisbano Hospital. Tlio clerk of tho Booroodabln Divisional Board notifies that if tho rates now due in his division aro not paid within sixty days thoy may bo recovered hy process of law. Tho annual meeting of the "Waterstewn Brick, Tilo, and Pottery Company, Limited, will bo hold at tho company's works, near Ips- wich, on Monday next at 12.30. 