TO OORRESPOISDENTS. 'W.D.,' Wirrapata.— The player of the last card if it make 15 BcoreB 3. ' A.B.'— Soap can be made by boiling 7 lb, of washing soda and 7 lb. of lime in 5 gallons of water for about half an hour. When cold poor oS the char water or lye. Then add 6 lb. of fat and 1£ lb. of resin, and boil about four hours. Test it by pouring a little into a plate. When it acquires the proper feel of soap pour out the whole mass into a tight box of a shape VUWH ??_-—_ HMVn V_. VUV ?J—'C-Jr W— '— — Ig W»l_V U—W WHLO when cool. Out with, a string or thin wire. ' Datrtmaid,' Petersburg. — You can supply orders, but you cannot legally hawk butter about in a municipality without a license from the corporation authorities, 'F. Gags,' Lake Wangary. — The seeds are now on -view at the Exhibition, and will not be distributed until that closes. Your letter has been forwarded to Mr. Goates, 'Wast.' — If the correspondent who wrote tinder this signature asking for a cure for warts will forward his address a letter awaiting him at this office will be poBted to him. '' CrmEK,' — We have no information on the subject beyond that already published. '?Wm. Stafford,' Eiver Murray.— The lorgeBt running jump on record by J. Howard, of Bradford, Yorkshire, was 29 feet 7 inches. He had 6 lb. dumbbells in his hands, and jumped from a block of wood wedge-shaped raised 4 inches from the ground. '? Subscribes,' Terowie. — The soil you sent bas been careMly examined, but the search has not resulted in the discovery of a single insect. ' Ekqtjieeb,' Victoria. — Our arrangements are already rx-ade. 'G. Fobdk.'— Please call at the front office. 'Mcltcu IK Paevo' thinks the very able article published by us and written by the Hon. Dr. Campbell on cheap food deserves tbe atten tion and thanks of the community at large. Be adds: — 'The latter part of the article is particularly important, and should be made practicable. The great evil is that hundreds of men have been so long out of employment that they have no meanB to get even a 20-acre block of land, [but would be glad to do so if assisted. There is something noble in the ex pression — ' It is a hopeless form of benevolence that brings pauperism in its train, but it is verily a secret of life to find means of feeding the hungry and yet to preserve their self respect.' How many respectable families in our fair land are .vainly endeavoring to keep the wolf from the door?Tl ' A Sdbscbibkb,' Hindmarah.— It is a very difficult thing to Tarnish a sepia drawing suc cessfully, and it is more than probable that your first eSort to do so will be unsuccessful. Here is the process: — When the painting is perfectly dry wash the whole surface with a thin coat of gum water, which make by dis solving gum arabic in distilled water and then straining the mixture through muslin. When dry varnish with the beat copal or mastic varnish, using a email flat brush, and being very careful not to run the varnish beyond the paint or to put it on thick. 'Sxatiokman,' Ealaklava.— Compensation was discontinued on the 31et December, 1881, An officer on the fixed list who entered the service prior to that date would be entitled to compensation. A pro. and tern, officer would be entitled to nothing unless he had been in the service for five years previous to the 31st De cember, 18S1. ' Stamp Album: ' — No. 1 is a Swedish stamp, No. 2 a Bavarian, No. 3 a Danish, and Wo, 4 a Swiss newspaper stamp, 'Plutius.' — The rainfall for the nine months ending September 30 was 20 '636 inches. ' Ik Victosia at Pbebekt,' Dinyarrak. — Assisted immigration to Soutb Australia was stopptd some time ago. 'J.G.,' Yorketown, says that he observed in the reports of the Lobethal Tweed Factory lately it was stated that the tweeds were not patronised, and that on enquiring for Lobethal tweed in Yorketown he was told that it was not to be had in the town, from which he infers that the company does not push its wares sufficiently. ' A Constant Reader' wants a recipe for making 'good cider.' 'Cobea' writes— The lady serpent charmer at present performing in this town is in error in contending — as reported in your account of her exhibition in Saturday's issue — that it is impossible to extract the fangs of a snake with out causing the death of the reptile. In a recent work by Captain Burton, the eminent naturalist and traveller, there is an interesting description of the carious method, adopted in India acd other Oriental countries in perform ing the operation. He says : — ' The popular way of extracting the crochets is to grasp the snake firmly witb one hand and with tbe other to tantalise it by offering and withdrawing a red rag. At last the animal is allowed to strike it and a sharp jerk tears oat both eye teeth. The head is then held downwards and the venom drains from its bag in the shape of a few drops of slightly-yellowish fluid. The patient looks faint and dazed, but recovers after a few hours and feeds as if nothing had happened.' How is the public to reconcile these conflicting statements? *' Bictcxe.' — The Drummond trophy, value £200, was won by W. Brown (English Brown, as a distinction fr«m A. E. Brown, the Mel bourne crack), on the Melbourne Cricket ground, on November 13, 1S86. ' Plebeian,' Port Vincent, writes :— ' Why and wherefore has our fine colony got into such a state of depression 1 Is it not besause members of tbe Legislative Council obstruct all useful legislation that would tend to the ad vancementof the country, and make laws tosuit their own pockets, regardless of tbe welfare of the oolony and tbe general public ? How is it that the Payment of Members, Civil Servants' Salaries, and Chinese Poll Tax Bills have not become law? What care they so long as they are sleek and rich ? They have no sympathy with the toilers. He only feels the shoe pinch who wears it ; he only feels the heat and burden of the day who bears it. Awake, awake ; shake off your apathy, O ye agricul tural slaves, and eee the game going on. Return men to Parliament who will pass laws for tbe good of the community, not for the benefit of themselves only. If people would only read, mark, learn, and inwardly digest the contents of your highly instructive journal mote than they do. there would be no more destitution, but prosperity would reign supreme.' 'Faib Piay,' Snowtown, writes: — 'Your correspondent who furnished the account of the Snowtown show states that with the ex ception of hacks shown it was not equal to the ' Green'aPlains show. He also says that the last enow held here, two years ago, was far and away the best in the Peninsula district in horse stock. Now, I have taken tbe trouble to go through the entries for the two shows — that is, the one held two* years ago and the one just held — and I find that in horae stock there were two more entries in the aggregate at this show than the last ; and of the class specially referred to, viz., draught entires, there was only one less entry than last show. Then again your correspondent most unfairly refers to a Mr. Daniel's horse shown at Green's . Plains, and Bays neither horse Bhown could compare with him. What has that to do with the Snowtown show ? If Mr. Daniel's horse is so good why not have shown him? Farther, your correspondent asserts that onlookers were surprised at the judges giving the prize to Mr. Barrett's roadster colt against the larger and more stylish horse that competed against him. As a matter of fact Mr. Barrett will back bis colt to measure his op ponent's anywhere. Then in cattle there waB an increase of entries to the number of eight as compared with last show. Seeing that yuur correspondent states that 'they evidently . belonged to one or two persons, I must point out that there were 28 entries,, and distributed ;ovcx » good few persons. In sheep tnere wote '22 gentries against, seven laet show. £n piga ? there were cnlytbree as against six last aho tr, but 5 our correspondent eays they were almost ' a failure and require no comment. Now, toe hog is a splendid animal, and has taken first prize for. three years in first-class company, whilst the prize sow is full sister to a sow nnder IS monthB old that carried off the champion prize at the last Adelaide show. In the implements there was not such a good show as formerly, owing to the committee having withdrawn the prize for the collection. The email display of frui^was, contrary to your correspondent b report, produced locally, and ?was very creditable. Again, as to the'one exhibit of wheat, I am somewhat amused at fault being found with the judgment of an ex- . perienced miller like Mr. John Styles and other equally qualified gentlemen. The exhibit of oats, too, be says was evidently not grown in tbe district ; he had better superintend the production of it next time if he doubts the veracity of exhibitors. Referring to the comparison between Snowtown and Green's Plains, I notice in your columns a very doleful account of the Greens Plains show, and I have it from a gentleman who was present that it was a perfect farce, and that yon might just as well compare Snowtown with the Adelaide as the Green Plains with the Snowtown show. The attendance at the latter is estimated by your correspondent at from 1,000 to 1,200. The receipts show over 1,400, and, allowing for delinquents and children, there could not nave been less than 1,500 on the ground, whilst at the Greens Plains show I am credibly in formed that the attendance was not over 200. Comment is needless.' ' Foegkt me-noi.3'— 1. O.K. are letters in the telegraphic code signifying ' all correct.' 2\. Theodore Jones's system of bookkeeping. Yon can ascertain the price by enquiring at a bookseller's. 3. No doubt he will ; if so it will be duly advertised. 'K. Bechtbl.' — Visitors are allowed to inspect the Protector everyday, Sundays in cluded. The vessel is now lying in Larga Bay. 'Jet.' — Oar files do not extend so far back. Enquire at the sheriff's office. ' J.C.K.,' Quorn. — The recipe for dysentery in fowls to which you refer is — half an ounce of sulphuric acid, four ounces of sulphate of iron, dissolved in two pints of water. A table spoonful to be put in every half-gallon of the water given to the fowls. 'Ekquibeb.' — There is, we believe, no pur chaser in Adelaide or suburbs of used South Australian stamps, 'Anxious,' East Moonta. — 1. The p9raon can be so ejected. 2. No, but it would be a disgraceful thing for a person to so act unless in a case of emergency. 3. The answer to No. 2 covers this. 4. It depends upon circum stances. 'Stokedaie,' Bublacowie. — The definition of ''pastry' given in the Imperial Dictionary is. — ' Viands made of paste, or of which paste constitutes a principal ingredient, particularly tbe crust or cover of a pie, tart, or the like.' ' Unley.- boad.'— From the east side o! West-terrace to the west side of Hanson-street is 1,781 yards ; from the east side of West terrace to the west aide of Hutt- street is 2,382 yards. 'A.R.,' Goodwood West.— To make melon am pare the melon, take out the seeds, and cut in small pieces. Then put into a preserving pan with a Email quantity of water to prevent burning, and boil till the melon iB dissolved. Pour into a jelly-bag and drain for about two hours, till all the melon water is extracted. When weil drained put back into the pan with a pound of sugar to a pound of melon, and one lemon and half a spoonful of tartaric acid to two pounds of fruit. Boil all well together for four hours over a slow fire;. ' Justice,' — The sentence was two years, not three, as reported. ' Wageb.' — The Emperor of Germany was SO yeats of age on Match 22 last. 'The Bubfobd Case.' — We have received rom Air, M. Sinily 5s. for the family. 'A.B.,' Port Lincoln. — 1. The specimens arediorite. 2. The letter but not the samples arrived. 'B.C.R.'— ' More wholesome' is right. ''J.L.'' — The word 'connection' signifies being joined together, and ' connexion' pro perly a relation by marriage or a religious sect, but both words are often used in differently. 'A,K.M.' — Yes, the native cat is a mar supial. 'W.H.B.,' Kooringa. — The ore looks un commonly good, but we cannot supply free assays. If the mineral has been found on Crown lands the Government assayer (Sur veyor General's Office) will test it free of charge. 'A.B.,' Arthurton, — The new duties are collected from the day when they are firat pro posed to the House of Assembly. ' Ekqutbeh. ' — 1. The value of standard gold is £3 17s. 10£d. per oz , and of pure gold £4 4s. 11M. 2. Pure gold is 24 carat, and standard gold 22 carat. 3 and 4. A sovereign contains 113-001 grains of gold and 10 273 grains of copper; total weight, 123 '274 grains. 'Blockhead,' Saddleworth. — 1. The method dependB upon the kind of wood. There are no arbitrary rules, experience being the best guide. 2. Girt the tree at the middle and at each end, add together a quarter of each measurement, divide by 3, square, and then multiply by the length, and the result will be the cubic contents. 