THURSDAY, JANUARY 13, 1887. According to a cable message which we published on Monday, Mr. DAVID BUCHANAN, late of New South Wales, has been lecturing in London on emi- gration. To attend a lecture from that eccentric gentleman will seem, to those who know him, a strange way of getting at the sober truth on any question. But the desire to discover " new fields " for labour " appears to be so strong and so general in Great Britain at present, that everyone who volunteers information about Australia gets a hearing. The vision of Mr. DAVID BUCHANAN on his travels realises the idea of a personally conducted hurricane. His potent oratory has often grated on the cars of his fellow-colonists in New South Wales. It used to be free-trade oratory ; it has since chopped round to protection ; and Mr. BUCHANAN now patronises fair trade. Through all these changes, however, he retains his old habit of hurling downright disagree- able truths at the various objects of his antipathy. What had vexed him sorely in London was the attempt of Mr. NORTON, " the Australian delegate," to run down his old colony, and to frighten emigrants away from the shores of that very interesting harbour which visitors to Sydney have declared to be above the average. Naturally, Mr. BUCHANAN fell foul of " the Australian delegate," and there ensued the usual result when positive and negative electricity meet. The lec- turer declared that the professional un- employed in Sydney were loafers, and that there was still room for millions of workers in Australia. Thereupon, " the "Australian delegate," who has certainly raised loafing to the level of a fine art proceeded to annihilate the lecturer, ridiculed fair trade, and, with the aid of that local colour which can alone be picked up in Sydney, painted his past for the information of the audience. The latter must have gone away from the meeting more puzzled than when they entered it. Why should the A.D., who went home as a protectionist missionary, denounce fair trade, which is supposed to be only a synonym for protection ? The reason seems to be that the fair-trade and sugar-bounty agitators in London consist of indi- viduals of the very same type as Mr. NORTON. Two of a trade never agree, and besides, the fair-trade agitators, who also call themselves delegates and secretaries of imaginary labour leagues and associations, have attached them- selves like limpets to the Tory party. Since Mr. STANHOPE repelled the blan- dishments and the statistics of "the Aus " tralian delegate," the latter naturally denounces Toryism and all its adherents. In addition to the principal speakers, " eight persons who stated that they "were returned emigrants" also at- tempted to give from the platform a bad account of Australia as a field for labour. The London audience may well have been bewildered. To a Londoner, being out of work and seeking for employment convoys a totally dif- ferent idea to the Australian idea. The circumstances of the two places are utterly unlike. Mr. NORTON avers that in Sydney G,000 people are " unemployed." The Londoner pictures to himself what would happen if a like proportion of the population was out of work in London. It requires a rather intimate know- ledge of the Australian working man to understand the curious phenomenon of strikes and unemployed agitations going on side by side. The Illawarra colliers easily succeed in per- suading the unemployed who offer to take their places to throw up work and to return to Sydney. The fact is that in European countries being out of work is a misfortune, in Australia it is one of the professions. Another novel feature of unemployed movements in Now South Wales seems to be that the question of a reduction in wages seldom or never comes in. There is an irreducible minimum in Australia, which in it-self is a local peculiarity. A London weekly newspaper, the White- hall Kevieve, gives some mild advice on this head, and says, in its simplicity : -"There is commercial depression in " Australia as in England ; the only " solution is that wages must be " lessened. . . . Wages must vary " with the ups and downs in the " demand for labour and the supply of " labourers." 'These heretical doctrines are scarcely worth refuting. The ignorance of persons at a distance is excusable. A further local peculiarity is the influence of colonial Ministries and Parliaments in the matter. The anxious question at the moment in Sydney seems to be whether Govern- ment will be able, by some arrangement of the finance-, by borrowing money, or by taxing those who have visible property, to keep up that pleasant system of making work for everybody on railways or public works which has prevailed for some years past. Everyone laughs at the idea of retrench- ment in Government departments which would touch the working man ; and the question which really interests the professional unemployed in Sydney at the moment is whether there is a chance of a good job under Government -whether the next Ministry can be induced to launch out into fresh enter- prises which will comfortably provide for fresh hands. Lately there have beon reports that Mr. NORTON was about to confer some benefits on the colony for which he is acting as nuncio. Under Mr. PARNELL'S auspices, he was to have gone on a lecturing tour in Ireland with the object of dissuading the people of that country who believe in Mr. PARNELL from emigrating to Australia. Had he succeeded, his services to humanity would have more than counterbalanced the cost of his mission. There seems, however, to be a hitch in the Australian delegate's Irish tour. On the whole, it seems as if the next A.D. ought to go from Victoria. Provided Sydney adheres to her free- trado policy, there will be room and employ- ment there for all the immigrants that she is likely to receive for the next century. England is, after all, the country which recieves, if not the largest, at all events the best share of the emigration from other European countries. As her trade and manufac- tures have expanded fabulously under a free-trade policy, she has been able to absorb and find room for an enormous horde of immigrant. The logical sequence of the free-trade theory is that, provided the natural resources of a country are not exhausted, fresh hands create fresh demands, and consequently fresh industries to meet those demands. If the expansion of trade and industry be unlimited, new comers enrich the country they settle in, and do not injure their fellow workers. The logical sequence from the protectionist theory is, of course, the reverse of all that. When manu- facturers are satisfied with the home market, and do not expand their opera- tions, every new comer and every fresh competitor added to those who share wages must reduce the profits of labour. One single individual earning all the wages that are going is the ideal which protectionists, if logical, would seek after. The people of the United States overlooked that fact when they adopted a protectionist policy, and at the same time threw their ports open to an unlimited influx of labour. Victoria is not likely to make that particular mistake. From every point of view France appears in a bad light among the nations. Her aggressions have been high-handed and cruel ; her ambition threatens the peace of neighbouring countries ; her desire for revenge is the one sure help on which the autocrat of the Russias can count ; and, added to these things, she has outbreaks of savage crime within her own borders, which show that the moral tone has not been raised by the policy of the Republic. The chronicle of murders and suicides which we find in the French journals can only be de- scribed as the account of a fearful epidemic. It has been long known, and frequently remarked, that there is such a thing as moral contagion, and that unless severe penalties are imposed, the example of a few ill deeds will rapidly give rise to others. The morbid desire to imitate crime, or the unconscious influence of a lawless act upon a distempered mind, will suffice to spread outrages from one place to another. When the spirit of evil is let loose, it finds a speedy way to different localities. But while this applies to every country, it is note- worthy that in France epidemics of violent crime occur with a dangerous regularity, which induces the belief, either that the system of punishment is useless or that something in the character of the French people leads to the frequent perpetration of offences of this sort. Only a year ago a similar catalogue of horrors was reported, and their re- appearance at the present time gives them an ugly predominance, which is still further heightened by their characteristics. They exhibit brutality, want of natural affection, lack of re- spect for life, and, in many cases, love of wanton cruelty. Nor are they con- fined to the criminal classes, or to one place. The outburst, on the contrary, manifests itself in many parts, and even among classes which might be expected to curb the propensities of strong and unbridled passion. It would be in- teresting, as a matter of social investi- gation, to observe how often, and in what ranks of life, the Frenchman is tempted by jealousy or cupidity to use force upon his rivals. The inquiry would reveal a growing danger, for unless the widespread tendency to resort to violence is checked, the epidemic* will increase But why should the list of murders in Franco appear to be abnormally large1 A good deal must undoubtedly be ascribed to the spurious tenderness with which criminals are generally re- garded. The sensibilities of the French have so far overcome their judgment that it would be impossible to carry out a capital sentence if there was the slightest excuse for a lachrymose appeal. Moreover, direct sympathy with crime has occasionally been shown by Ministers and persons in authority. Few will forget that the Decazeville rioters were justified in the Chamber, and that the Paris municipality peti- tioned for mercy to the Chicago anarchists. It may be urged, indeed, that these were not vulgar murderers, but that they were striking a blow for social equality and freedom. Neverthe- less, it might be plausibly argued that if one man is justified in taking the law into his own hands through fear of starvation, another may do so when he has cause for jealousy, and a French jury would sympathise with the argu- ment. If the offender in the latter case were in luck, he would probably be made the hero of a romance, and visited with pity for his misfortunes, Hut the unreasoning tenderness extends to all criminals, even to the most wretched of the recidiviates. When the last batch was shipped tor New Calodonia, some of them wore con- sidered to be too delicate for the sea voyage, and the Government shrank from the idea of submitting any of them to the rigid discipline which awaited them on board a man-of-war. If such sentimonts prevail, there will be no diminution of crime by salutary punishments. It is obvious that neither the law nor public opinion can take the stern and healthy view that is taken among the English people While there is less severity in the penalties, there are not the reforming and religious agencies which both tend to prevent crime and to mould public opinion in England. The republican crusade against all forms of religion has been a wilful and wanton error. Ad- mitting that there are grievances against the church, the attitude of the Government is still not only unjust, but foolish, in seeking to undermine a power that makes for order and obe- dience in the state. If it may be laid down as a general principle that no man should destroy a creed unless he is able to substitute another, it may be said oven more truly that the politician is supremely silly who meddles with an institution which he cannot replace with another moral force. The church helped to put a restraint upon passion. The people were exhorted to live industrioustly honestly, and righteously, and the fear or hope of an unseen world in- spired them with a motive for obeying the precept If this is suddenly re- moved, one strong restraint is at once taken away from uneducated minds It is true that the crimes might have happened if the church had never been assailed, but had the religious bodies been encouraged, they would have been better able to strive against the lowering of the moral tone. Re- ligion would have held up more widely the ideal of a law abiding life, and if its method of persuasion seemed super stitious to the politician, he could have accepted the result. As things are, the frequent crimes of jealousy are simply a return to the fiercer code of lawless revenge, and the host of suicides for trivial causes prove that the notion of the sacredness of life and the hope of anything beyond are dying out. Man is apparently considered to be absolutely his own master In the long run, atheism means cruelty and despair. TIhese tendencies make the presence of French convicts in the Pacific all the more undesirable. The French are annually turning out a large class who are imbued with violent notions, and ready for crimes of violence; and if these men are dangerous at home, they are no less dangerous abroad. The fact is that the nation is afraid of them, and would fain be rid of all responsibility by sending them over the sea. But there will be no safety either for itself or its neigh- bours, until it faces the responsibility and tries to deal with crime firmly. The convicts are the product of French civilisation, and they should be left at home until the nation finds courage to deal with the rottenness in society. The most important European topic of the day is Prince BISMARCK'S speech to the hesitating Reichstag on the second reading of the bill for increasing the German army, The historian of the future will do justice to a quality in "the man of blood and " iron, ' which is not usually praised by enthusiastic biographers, his plausibility. Knowing that the German nation is sincerely anxious for the peace, he adroitly falls in with the popular wish by asserting that the peace cannot be secured without a substantial addition to the numerical strenght of the army. An appearance of truth shines in the face of such a statement. The French, who are always ready to make a newspaper on- slaught on the Germans, which might at any time rouse popular feeling on both sides of the Rhine to a dangerous height, posses a much larger force. On the other hand, the Russian troops out- number the German in the pro- portion nearly of two to one. But, nevertheless, if Prince BISMARCK in- tends to act strictly on the defensive it may be argued that the nation need not be called upon to bear the expense of an extra number of soldiers. France is not likely to engage in a war with her old enemy, unless one of his hands should be tied by Russia, and of that there is no sign Besides, the frontier is protected by a double row of fortresses and the in- vasion of a country where many sieges would have to be undertaken would be exceedingly difficult. Prince BISMARCK might as well have said plainly that he meant his bill as a threat to France, and threats lead as often to blows as to friendships. For the rest, he is playing a " lone hand" in the game of politics. He is on ex- cellent terms with Russia, because he is determined not to interfere in Bulgaria; and with Austria, because the latter power could not afford to pick a quarrel with him under any circumstances. It is clear, however, that the plucky Bul- garians will recieve no help, unless Austria is driven to champion their cause. Prince BISMARCK is determined to fight no battles but his own, whatever complications may hereafter arise from the Russian advance. For the safety of his own empire, he is evidently extremely anxious to maintain friendly relations with his powerful neighbour, and inter- poses nothing in the shape even of a protest against its policy. Perhaps, in the para- lytic state of English diplomacy, no other course is open to him. He is again ply- ing his old trade of the " honest broker" between the nations. What he intends to gain, however, like much that he might have said to the Reichstag, remains concealed. In a lively English paper called the Journal of Education, in the December number which reached this colony the other day, there is an interesting paper called "Practice versus Theory," as ex- amplified in teaching geography in a large grammar school. This is, perhaps, hardly the place for a review or criticism of the article, but the following extract will be of interest here:- In Australia, the River Murray, says one publication (supposed to be of this year) ' is 1800 miles long, and forms the north boundary of Victoria for 1,400 miles of its length.' Very good. But another publica- tion (also of this year, and of greater authority than my first reference) informs me that ' the River Murray is 1,400 miles long, and forms the north boundary of Vic- toria for only 600 miles of its length.' The same book, a few pages before, had estimated the rivers lenght as 2, 000 miles! I looked at another autho- rity- presumably good, though of earlier standing-and found that the Murray was 1,200 miles long!' For curiosity, I fished out my old school 'Cornwell.' There seemed to be quite a touch of sarcasm in 'the length of the Murray is perhaps 3,000 miles.' Much as I loathe geographical statistics, I could not resist inquiring further anent this re- markable river. The basin drained was variously given at 200,000, 400,000, and 500,000 square miles! Poor old 'Cornwell' gave it up. It would be interesting to compute mathematically at what figure his guess would have placed the basin. The above quotation may be given as an instance of well known corre- spondent of The Argus used to call ' grotesque geography;' but before we condemn the confusion of the English geographers let us put the question nearer home. How many of our readers could give the length of the drainage area of the Murray correctly? Yet it might be thought that there was hardly any geo- graphical information which could be more precisely attained. Perhaps some correspondent would impart the informa- tion with some approach to accurate precision. A cable message from our London corre- spondent appeared in yesterdays Issue, stating that the Admiralty authorities had decided to build a number of fast cruisers We have recieved an intimation from the Adelaide telegraph office to the effect that the word 'fleet' had been accidentally umitted. in the transmission of the message from London. The item should therefore read that the Admiralty authorities had decided to build a fleet of fast cruisers. The duties of the Minister of Defence and the Chief Secretary are to be apportioned among their colleagues during the absence of those gentlemen Irora the colony as the represen tatives of the Government at the Imperial Conference 1 he allocation of the work bal not been definitely arranged, but the idea at present is that Mr Bell shall discharge the functions of Munster of Defence, Mr Dow act as Minister of Water Supply, and Mr Davies and Mr Pearson share the duties of the Chief Secretary Ihe matter is to be iinally settled at the next meeting of the Cabinet. Dunne his stay in Europe, Mr Deakin will rnaue special efforts, on behalf ot the Government, to promote the success of the Centennial Exhibition, the objects and scope of which are to be brought prominently before the Governments and public of the Continental nations, ibe Minister of Defence will be accompanied by Captain Thomas, the naval commandant, who, as already announced in The Aigux, has received six months' leave of absence, to enable him to pa> a visit to England Cvn-a'r'. 1 honnis intended to sail in April, but as Ins assistance would be of the greatest value to Mr Lorimer, he was requested to make his departure earlier, and has consented Mr Lorimer will be com- missioned by the Government to make ar- rangements whereby the services of British military and naval officers can be obtained promptly if necessary Hitherto negotiations for such a purpose hav c had to be carried on by mail, with the result that much time has been wasted Occasionally it may happen that officers from the Imperial forces may be recalled, as in the case of Lieutenant Hely Hutchison, who has received orders to pro ceed to I ngland, and the Victorian Defence authorities are liable tobe put to greatincon venience if in such cases months must elapse befare the services ot other officers can be obtained lhe Premier has received a telegram from bir Robert Stout, the Premier of New /ea land to the effect that in consenueuce of the meeting ot the Parliament of that colony m April next, the Government do not see their way to send a Minister as their repre eentattve at the Imperial Conference The agent general for the colony. Sir P. Dillon Hell, will represent New Zealand at the con lerence The second instalment of the Victorian four per cent loan of £8,000,000 is to be adver tised to morrow in London, and the tenders are to be opened on 1 hursday next, the 20th lust., information to that effect having been conveyed to the Premier m a cable message from the agent general received yesterday The amount to bo placed on the market is ¿1,000 000 'lhe first instalment was A £1,1300,000, so that there will bo a further sum of ¿3,500,000 to be floated in one or more instalments at some future time 1 be minimum fixed is the same as for the first instalment, viz., £102 lhe '1res surer has reason to believe that the average price obtained will not fall short of, but will probably exceed, the average for the first in Btalment, vi? , £100 9s. On that occasion there wero 040 tenders and the total amount offered was no less than £10,820 800 In fact, the floating of the loan was an unprecedented success tenderers at £100 8a. Cd received 22 per cent, ond there wos no less than £4 750,000 offered at the price named Higher tenders were allotted in full 'lhe total amount realised for the £1,500 000 worth of debentures was £1 510,750 lhe second instalment IB being floated somewhat earlier than was expected, in view of the tight ened condition of the London money market, but the financial advisers of the Government consider the present an opportune time for placing the debentnres on the market, and that opinion seems to be in some degree con firmed by a telegram from our London cor respondent published this morning to the effect that the London and Westminster Bank authorities favour the immediate float- ing of the loan The Minister of Water Supply, at the in Btance of the secretary of the department (Mr Langtree) ha» strongly urged upon the Minister of Lands the desirability of with drawing from selection the beech forest land at Cape Otway 'lhe article on the subject, which appeared in The Aiffun of Monday, has been brought under the notice of the Minister of Lands by Mr Deakin with a request that the area in question Bhould be withdrawn from selection, and that either the whole, or as much of it us shall, after inquiry, be deemed necessary, should be permanently reserved for state forests, both for economic reasons, as affect- ing the timber supply, and for climatic reasons, as affecting the water supply Mr Dow has been requested to give the matter his early consideration The first meeting of the Royal Commission for the Centennial E.\ iii I mon is to be hold immediately after the return of the Chief Jus tice, who is spending the vacation in New 7ea land '1 he trustees of the Inhibition building will hold a meeting before the clo.e of the prcsi nt «eel. to arrange for handing over the charge of the building and grounds to tue commission A room at the Melbourne '1 own Hall has been placed at the disposal of the commission for use as a city ofiice but the chief oflices will be at the Lxlubition building Mr. D. M Cameron, secretary tof he / Vic torian commission for the Adelaide Jubilee Lx hibition, will leave for Adelaide to dny,inorder to set about the selection of a site for the Victorian court at the exhibition Mr Ii. Murray Smith, the president of the commis sion, will call at Adelaide on his way to 1 ngland, and confer with Mr Cameron on the object of the latter gentleman s visit, In connection with the railway service be tween Melbourne and Adelaide, the following arrangements have been determined upon, and ure to come into force on und after lanunry 19 - lhe e.presB tram from Spencer street station to Adelaiae will leave Mel bourne daily (Saturdays and Sundale ex cepted) at _ r> p m , to carry first class passen gers only It will stop ut Geelong, liallarat Past Ballarat, Beaufort, Ararat Stawell, Murtoa, Horsham, Dimboola Kiata, Nhill, and Serviceton in Victoria audJBorder lown, \\\ irre|,a, Coonalypn, Murray bridge, Nuune Mount Barker Junction, Bridgewater, and Aldgate in South Australia Serviceton will be reached at S15 a.m on the following morning, and Adelaide at 1010 um 'lhe express from Adelaide to Melbourne will leave Adolulde at 3 30 p m , reach Serviceton atlOCpm, leave there at 10.5p.m., and arrive in Melbourne on the following morn mg at a quarter to 10 o clock Sleeping cars will be attached to each train, tickets for the berths being obtainable on the pnjment of 32a fad lhe total length of the journey is 508Ï miles An ordinarj train Bervice will also be run between the two cities Under tb 13 service a tnun v. ill leave Mel bourne dad., excepting on Sunda}s at 0 30 a m , and call at all stations to Adelaide It will lench Servicetown at 10 33 p ni, and from that station run on to Bordertown, where the passengers will have to remain tor the nujkt. 1 he next morning the train will leave Bordertown nt 7 31 oclock and will arrive at Adelaide at . _0 p ni the same da} 1 he corresponding train Irom Adelaide will lenve there ot 0 50 a in dall), Sundi.)s ex cepted, and will reach Bordertown tit 3 48 pm Possen-o.s will stop m that town for the nifjit, anl leave again the following niornun, nt 5 50 oclock reaching Melbourne ot 10 50 p m the same evening 1 he olhcers of the Crown Law department have been in communication with there-la fives of Mm Hampton, who, tit Coburg, about 12 months n¡,o, murdered her youngeBt daughter in a fit of religious fren, y, with the | object of ascertaining whether they would talc her under their contiol Mrs Hamp ton nuil three of hir daughters, who were also connected with the case were found not f-ullty on the ground of insanity, and they wire ordered to be confined in the Mel bourne Gaol until His Excellency the Go vernor B pleusuro concerning them should be known It being considered that they were in a lit condition to be entrusted to the care of their friends, the latter were consequently communicated with Mr Hampton and his son however, refuse to accept the responsibility of taking charge of Mrs. Hampton, and »he will therefore be removed from the gaol and confined in a lunttic asylum until Hu Excellency's farther plea- sure ia known. Definite action has not been taken with regard to the daughters, bnt it ia understood that their relative* are willing to accept charge of them. A number of the residents at Bacchus Marsh watted on the Railway Commissioners yesterday moram?, and asked when the line from Parwan to Bacchus Marsh would be opened for trafile. They further requested that the morning train which now reaches Melbourne from Parwan at 11 o'clock a.m. should be timed to arrive at 10 .SO o'clock, and that the tram which leavoa Melbourne at 4.5 p.m. for Bac- chus Marah should not leave until 4 30 o'clock, 'lhe residents desired that this alteration should bo made with the view of allowing visitors to Melbourne a longer stay in the city for the transaction of their busi- ness, The commissioners, m reply, said that the railway would be opened lor the use of the public on February 15 They would at an early date consider whether it would be possible to alter the running of the trama in the manner suggested, and would at the same time deal with an application made to them that refrigerating cara should be placed on the line for the conveyance to Melbourne of milk and butter. The Bacchus Morah Shire Council bave applied to the Public Works department for a grant in aid of the construction of the roads leading to the new railway station The roads have been much cut up by the traffic consequent on railway extension in the district, and the local authorities urgo that under the circumstances they aro entitled to assistance from the state in putting the roads in a proper state of repair. The Minister has requested the council to send m an estimate of the coat, together with the amount they ate prepared to contribute, and on receipt of this information he will favourably consider the request Mr Mirla, locomotive engineer, will leave for Europe on January 20. During bia absence he will visit the principal railway establishments m Great Britain and on the Continent. The employe* in the locomotive branch will entertain Mr Mirla at dinner prior to his departure The Railway Commissioners yesterday ac- cepted the tender of Messrs M'Lean Broa, and Rigg for the supply of 1010 ton Fairbank weighing bndgea, the amount being £G7810a One ot these machines will be placed m posi- tion nt Yallook, Prairie, Tatura, Newmarket, and Hawthorn respectively The president of the Central Board of Health, who has been making a visit of in- spection to the quarantine station, sent a telegram yesterday afternoon in which he stated that everything was satisfactory, no fresh cases having occurred, while the favourable condition of the patients in the hospital was maintained, lhe other pas- sengers were doing well A telegram was re- ceived from the Central Board of Health at Sidney, acknowledging with thanks the re- ceipt of a quantity of lymph from Mel- bourne. Typhoid lever continues to spread. Tour fresh cuses were reported to the Central Board of Health yesterday, two at Maffra, one at Heyfield, and a fatal case at Ararat. Altogether there have been 00 cases reported since the 2nd inst, of which l8 have proved fatal. The actual state of affairs is said to be still wotBe, inasmuch as many cases of ty phoid are not reported to the board. The disease is by no means confined to one or j two districts, but is prevalent in varions parta of the colony, cases having been re- ported from nearly all the suburban munici- palities, and from Ararat, Ballarat East, Castlemaine, Clunea, Heyfield, Kyneton, Maryborough, Moroopna, Moe, Maffra, and Yandoit ' A telegram was yesterday received by the trustees of Scots Church, Melbourne, in- timating that the Rev. D. Cameron Lees, of St Giles's, Edinburgh, entertains the invita- tion of the congregation to visit the colon), and awaits the letter which Ima been sent lo him before deciding A deputation from the Wine Association of Victoria waited on the Chief Secretary yesterday, and asked that the tee for a license for the sale of Australian wines in any city should be reduced to £5, and elsewhere to £1, and that the licenses should be obtainable at any period of the year They submitted n list of amendments in the law which they proposed, and requested that it should be attached to the Licensing Act Amendment Bill to be introduced by the Government next session 'Die object waa to encourage the consump tion of Austral mu wines 'lins, it was stated, would promoto the prosperity of the wine in lustry and conduce to the sobriety of the people. Mr Deakin stated that the Go- vernment had the question of the amend- ment of the Licensing Act under considera- tion, and would give the propoanla ot the deputation their careful attention The water supply of Melbourne and the auburbs waa considerably fuither curtailed jesterday by the bursting of the larger of the two mama which convey the water from the Pipe Head resen oir at Morang to the Preston reservón. The fracture occurred about 3 o'clock jeaterday morning a quarter of a mile to tue north of Preston 'lhe water waa not shut olf until 0 o'clock, pending pre- parations tor replacing the broken pipe, as a considerable portion of the total volume went to augment the store of water in the reservoir. By ¡I o'clock m the afternoon the damage had bein repaired, and the full quantity of wntcr was being received into the Preston reservoir Vi hile the repairs were being effected, Melbourne was dependent on the supply furnished by the original Yan Yean main, which supplies a 27m pipe direct to the city and nn 18m pipe laid by way of Coburg, the Preston reservoir being emptied by 10 o'clock 'lhe branch main to kew, Hawthorn, Toorak, Caulfield, and a large portion of St Kilda, and the room toi it?roy, Collingwood, and Richmond are supplied from Preston, and consequently gave out, the only water obtainable in those dis tricia coming from the Melbourne city uiatn, with which they are connected by the reticulation It is expected that there will bo a luirly good supply throughout the city and South Melbourne today, but the higher dis- tricts around Toorak and Caulfield will be de- ficient, and it is possible that there may be a partial failure nt Brighton, although a con- tinuance of cool weather for two or three days would enable tho water supply of the entire metropolitan area to be restored to its normal condition Recent criticisms upon the failure of the Melbourne water supply appeared to indicate that the Langlands 1 onndry Company ore responsible, through having foiled to deliver the pipía for the new 30m main to be laid between Morang and Preaton It should be explained on behalt of the company that their contract with the Government, winch would havo been completed on September 30, was cancelled by the Government several months before in order that the pipes misfit be made of wrought-iron instead of cast iron. The new contraer for the wrought iron pipes was not let to the Langlands 1 oundry Com- pany, but to another firm Mr John Corbett, member lor the Droit wich division of Worcestershire in the House of Commons, w ho vi ith his son is spending a Bhort holiday in Australia and New Zealand, waa entertained by the Mayor (Mr fain), in the Town hull, Melbourne, yestenlay A majority of the city councillors, and a num- ber of leading citizens were present. Mr David Lee, the city organist was to hilve ren- dered some numbers on the organ, but the Indure ot the water supply pre- vented this intention being carried out Re- freshments were provided in the Moyor'a room. The Mayor proposed the health of Mr Corbett. He WBB aofry that "Mr Corbett «as onlv on n ii j mg visit, for he was to le n e forKngland next day, but he had promised to pay the colonies a lengthened visit next year In reply, Mr. Corbett said he had visited New Zealand, and hud men a great dial nf that and some of the other colonie«. He waa surprised at their resources, and considered that it only required that these should bp prudently developed to render Australasia one of the moat prosperous portions of the Britlah dominion. Mr. Francis Wellington Were, the Danish vicecónsul at Melbourne, received by the last mail the Order of Knight ni the Donne btog from lils Majesty the King of Den muk. He hu also received ft most com- plimentary letter expressing satisfaction at the manner in which he his conducted his consular duties for the past 11 years. The mining registrar at Rushworth has re- ported to the Secretary for Mines that an im- portant discovery of a gold bearing quart reef, in new and unp.osp__._d country, has been made in a claim recently taken up by Messrs Johnson and Taylor, n private co- operative party lhe reef is situated four miles and a quarter from the Black Cloud Company's lease, in a south easterly direc tion It is only 8irc thick, as far as it has yet been developed, but from a prospect taken out it is estimated to yield over 2oz. to (he ton The foreman in charge of the diamond drill at Frjerstown sent a telegram to the Mines department yesterday, stating that the drill had, at a depth of 5%ft, pierced a quartz leader, 6in thick, and showing heavy gold, one piece of the precious metal being cut through by the diamond In November last the Customs authorities seized a consignment of 20 Bibles sent from the National Publishing Company of the United States, of which the representative in New South Wales was a Mr. JoneB, a relative of Mr C E. JoneB, M LA , of this colony The books were consigned to Mr R. M'Gregor, of Melbourne, and were seized b) the Customs authorities because they contained, in addition to the King James edition of the Bible, the revised edition al BO, which is the copyright of the universities of Oxford and Cambridge lhe English statute under which such seizure is permitted provides that all pirated works shall be destroyed, but the Commissioner ot Trade and Customs, believing that Mr. M'Gregor had imported the books without the Knowledge that they had been published in defiance of copyright in Great Britain, gave instructions that they should be shipped back to the exporter in America. 1 he matter was supposed to have ended there but Mr C K Jones applied at the Patent ofiice to be registered as the publisher of the works, lhat application has now been granted by the registrar of cop} rights, and the Bibles will consequently be regarded as being pub lished by Mr Jones in Victoria. Ihe annual meeting oi the Medical Society of Victoria was held lost night at their hall Albert-street, Dr Jamieson, the president, occupying the chair '1 he reports of Professor Allen, the honorary secretary on the pro gress of the society during the past} ear, and of Dr Bowen, the honorary treasurer, and Dr Webb, the honorary librarian, were read Ihey were all of a very satisfactory cha racter, and were adopted As the result of the elections of oflicebenrers fur the year 1887, Dr J V. illmrus was appointed presi dent Drs J P Ryan and Balls Headley vice presidents, Professor Allen honorarj secre tary, Dr Bowen honorary treasurer, and Dr Webb bon librarian Dr Jamieson, the retiring president, delivered an address, in which he dealt at length with the great pre valence of typhoid fever in Melbourne and other parts of this colony, and gave the results ot his experience relative to the disease since he lind filled the position of health officer of the citj lhe address is published in full m another part of this isBue A vote of thanks was passed to Dr Jamieson for his able paper, and for his services as president of the society during the past j ear Dr J Willi, ms was not installed as the new president m couse quence of his being absent at present on a visit to lasmama lhe case of Charles Augustus Smyth, wood and coal merchant, who ia charged with ob- taining £'¡50 bv fraudulent pretences from Ihonius Retallick, carno before the City Bench on remand yesterday With the con sent of the accused he was further remanded till the 2bth mut Bail was allon ed in two sureties of £150, or one of £300 John Donovan, the owner of the bull terrier dog which was killed on luesday in a fight with a retriever belonging to Mr J lillie, dentist, of Collins street, and who WOB arrested on a charge of bavin.; bioken one of Mr IhlTe s windows by throwing the bo ly ot the defeated dog through it Appeared on re marni at the City Court on Wednesday lhe case had been adjourned to allow Donovan to arrange tor pa} ment of the damage he bad done Mr lillie, however, felt that in view of his dogs victory without injur},and of Donovan s loss, he could afford tooverlook the act, and he agreed to replace the window at his own expense lhe Lench therefore aischnrged Donovan A collection of oil paintings, upwards of 50 in number, is now on view at the offices of Messrs Patterson and Sons, Collins street east, where it will be disposed of by nubhc auction on luesday next lliese pictures hove been executed apeciall} for the Austra han market, by Mr T H Gibb of Alnwick in Northumberland, where the artist is stated to have acquired considerable local celebnti. His favourite subjects appear to be the cattle and deer of the romantic district m which he has been accustomed to exercise his pencil, and he depicts these under a great variety of aspects But the landscape scenery and architectural antiquities of the border country, and ot Scotland, have also engaged his attention nnd Loch Awe and Loch Achriy, Alnwick Castle Ben Venue, Bn/lee lower, Carter Tell, Warkworth Castle tile Tame Islande Loch Maree, and the acenery of the Lsk and the Liddel, have been among the themes selected for illustration by Mr Gibb Many of these localities being thoroughl) familiar to a good many colonists, the exhibition has attracted a considerable number of visitors during the last few days At the Footscray Borough Council meeting last evening, the valuer a report showed the netannual valuation to be £93 45G being an in crease on the previous year of £13 000 1 he estimates for the ensuing year «ere sub mitted, and showed the following figures - Expenditure £15 282 , receipts, £8 273, leav inga deficiency of £7,009 Notice to strike a rate of Is. Gd in the £ was given lhe Northern Land, Loan, und Building SocietyofWellington(wntesour Dunedin cor respondent) has suffered to the extent of about £1 900 owing to the defalcations of its secre tar}, and the shareholders have decided to wind up the society 1 he total defalcations of the secretary amount to nenrl} i.¿ 000 but there is a guarantee policy for ti 000, which the society hascompromised for £750 1 he de falcutions were discovered through the bank ruptcy of the secretary and manager, named W R. Waters, who was about to proceed to Melbourne by the Waihora on her present trip having left a medical certificate with the official assignee in bankruptcy stating that it was necessary for Ina health that he should have rest and a sea vo}nge Another meeting of the society is to be held in a fort night, when a fuller statement is to be sub mitted, and shareholders will decide whether it is desirable to prosecute Waters lhe official assignee has taken out a warrant for the arrest of Waters, as he was about to leave the colony Our Dunedin correspondent, in his letter ot January 5, states that a letter has been pub lished in Wellington from the Admiral in command of the Australian station giving the cost of the Australian squadron Ihis is as tollowB -1 stlmnted first cost to the British taxpayers ot the vessels comprising the Australian squadron, w -\elson, Dm mond, Opal, Miranda Raven Swinger, Undine, and Ilnrrnr £840,124, estimated annual cost of -nbovenamed vessels m eluding cost of relieving crews £2-7,312 (this is exclusive of coal depot at Sjdney and of administration charges) Six eurve) ing vessels in addition to the above are employed on the station, and the entire charges in respect to four of them are borne bj the Admirait), and in the case of other two, the cost is shored bet» een the Atlmi rally and Queensland in one case, and be tween the Admirait} omi Western Australia in the other Since the return was made the Miranda has been replaced by the Rapid, a more costly vessel with a modern urina ment lhe last census in India revealed the fact that there are more occupations enguged in by the people of the country than the ordi- nary public is co^nisuntof, but ns far as we remember (writes the .imc. of India of December 3) it has been left to the Madras Small Cause Court to bring to light a gentle man who gains lils living by devil extracting lins novel, and if we may judge by the fees charged, highly lucrative cmplojment, np pean tobe recognised as a perfectly legiti mate pro'ession The cause of action, it is true, was put down in the plaint as a refusal to pay the plaintiff for the core of the defendants brother "ot a mental disorder or mama attended by physi- cal distress, insensibility, and pains," but there was no disguise in court as to the exact nature of the claim. In fact the judge, a native gentleman, appeared to resent the scepticism of the defendants pleader as to the possibility of casting out devils, and his jocularity at the expense of the plaintiffs profession When the defendants pleader expressed his disbelief in devil extracting, ho mconsequently observed, "But you be heve m haunted houses'" lo this remark the pleader replied, ' There may be a spiritual mamtestation, ' from which it would appear that be ia not alto gether free from the superstition which he ridiculed. The plaintiff's cross examina 1 tion was very diverting Diseases, he said, were of three kinds- mental, spiritual, and physical Some physical sicknesses he could cure by his art, but not every case Asked if he could cure love pains, he replied, "That is a very hard pam to be cured, even my father could not cure that" Later on he stated that he could not cure a person unleaa be were a neeative What are the characteristics of a negative he did not precisely explain, but he somewhat oracularly remarked in reply to a question on the point, "When the blood turns to the right hand, it will have one phenomenon, when it turns to the left it will hove another " Other witnesses called described the nature of the plaintiff s treatment and its success The patient, it appeared, had been thrown into an excited state on the night ot his marriage by his wife making a noise in a dream which she had On a subsequent night he waa again frightened, this time by a dream he himself had, in which a woman figured. Again, whilst under treatment, he manifested a deaire to strike an imaginary woman, who he said waa standing before him Jj rom all of these signs it was inferred that the evil spirit which was troubling him was ot the female kind, and as he, poor man, had only just been married, perhaps the presumption waa not fur from the truth. At the conclusion of the evidence the worthy judge dismissed the suit, not be cause he waa of opinion that there waa no cause ot action, but because there waa no evidence to support the contract sued upon lhe "devil extractor' was accorded liberty to file a fresh suit, so that we may yet be favoured with the spectacle of a British judge according a legal status to the plaintiff s peculiar profession In a letter to The Tune», dated from Lisbon November l8 Mr William C Borlase saya -"A fact with which every rnghsbman is at once made acquainted when he visits Lisbon-though probably few ot us were aware of it before-ia that the Fnghsh cemetery here contains the grave of Henry 1 lelding lina formed an inducement to myself and a party of friends a few duys since to walk through the grounds, and to our astonishment and ahume we lound that not only was the tomb itself uncared tor and overgrown, and the inscription in some places almost obliterated, but that the cemetery in which it stands-which from the point of view of the arboriculturist, would amply repay all the care and skill a landscape gar dener could bestow upon it-had been re duced by wanton neglect to a condition nothing short of disgraceful to thoae who are responsible for it 'lhe acquisition of the plot by the English dates, sol am, Cold, from the j ear 1717, and the oldest tombstone re cordB the date 1723 A military portion WOB added m 1810, which received in cartloads the bones of Britiah soldiers collected from the various battlefields of the Peninsular \\\ ur Taking these facts into consideration, I venture to send you this letter in the hope that it may meet the eyes, not only of those whose friends may he buried in this foreign land, but of those also to whom the memory of one of our greatest literary geniuses must ever be a matter ot solicitude lhe improved condition of Mandalay and the surrounding districts under British rule is thus described by a correspondent of the Jimeaoj India, who writes from that town under date November 9 -'It is now nearly a year since the British JTIotilla anchored alone the banks of the Irrawady facing Mau dalay, and culled upon King Thcebaw to surrender himself his army, and his country Mandalay, it is udmitted, is now, inBtead of being n place of utter disorder and its out Blurts hiding places for dacoits, fast mi proving under the able administration of Sir Charles Bernard and his assistants, while, on the other hand, the judicious distribution ot the force by General \\\ lute, VC CB, lins m no small degree added much towards bringing about the peaceiulnesswhnhnowriinns lhe presence of the army ot occupation has won the confidence of the wcalthv Burmese, and has caused them to uncover their h ddeti ^old and erect line und substantial buildings Much speculation Ima followed, and in many eases land has tonp up from 500 to 1 200 per cent in value 1 his alone is most grata j ing to the authorities-both military and civ ii who have laboured so unceasingly to gain the confidence of the inhabitants An average of 5,000 Burmese labourers are employed daily by thp Government Tour high Burmese officials, with their writers, have been chosen to aasist the Com missioners in the administration of the allom of the town '1 wo hundred and fifty police havelboen enrolled for duty in the town, while 330 are stationed in the suburbs. Tifteen mileB ot roadi have been reton structed through the indefatigable exertions of Mr Richards, the executive engineer Commissioners conrt, deputy commissioners court and police oflicea have all been catab lisheu during the last six months, and are working oat most pleasing results. 'J he dis tricia still remain much disturbed, cspi emily Sngaing, Mynyan Vemethen and Mulla. Lut now that morehcense baa becnç,ranted to those in command of these districts, and with the assistance of 1C0 posts that have been estab hahed, it is hoped that, by organising mounted columns and starting simultan eously from given points, the ringleaders of the rebels may be hunted down and the haunts of their gangs or followers broken up Mr Burgess, the Mandalay Cominis Bioner, feels moat confident that, as soon ns the survey ia finished, which will now hap pity be m a few weeks, thousands of Burmese will be engaged in the construction of the railway, and a general appearance and con elusive signB of the pacification of the whole country will set in ' Tor three sears (writes the St James s Budget) the Trench wor authorities have been steadily planning nnd carefully consider ing a new weapon tor the army, and now at last they have solved the great problem Germany had set herselt to the task long ago France has had the benefit of her expert encea, and rejects her model '1 wo desiderata were always before the Irench inventor-to increase the range and to reduce the calibre Repeating «Iles were not, on the whole, in great favour Experience showed that in battle soldiers nnd especially young soldiers had a tendency to fire too quickly A little deliberation was advantageous, and re loading gave time tor that lhe calibre of the German nile is 11 millimetres , the Irench have reduced theirs to eight, gaining considerably at the same time in the Iencth of their range The cartridge is of a quite novel form, wide in the end where the powder ia lodged, but in the front narrowing con siderably The bullet is long and narrow with a penetiating power pronounced olh emily by irench surgeons nscapable of giving "very correct wounds ' lins correctness shows itself from the clean perforation of bcneB instead of leaving them splintered or smashed 1 lie dimumtion in the weight of the bullet enables the soldier to carry 120 cartridges instead of 78. lhe Irench seem bent on preserving pence if tlieie bp any truth in the counsel, st ni pacem, bellum para An exhibition of Bkoting on rollers was L,tven last evening at the St Kilda skating rink near the railway station the occasion being a contest between Mr If J Wallace, who has given many exhibitions of his skill on thp roller skates in the same place, and Mr li J Aginton, who arrived about a month ago from New York, and has the re pntution of being the champion skater of the United States. The match w as for £200 aside und the championship 'lhe referees wera Mr J. Brett and Mr L. __. Smith, ML. A, who were assisted by a committee of four, namely, Mr J?. Wimpole (mayor oí St Kilda), Mr H. Stewart Bale, Mr. h. L Mount, and Mr Turner. About 1,000 per sons were present, and took the keenest interest in the proceedings. The com- petitors were allowed half an hour each Wallace was the first to appear, and afterwards Aginton. The latter particu- larly was warmly cheered ky the Bpec tato-a. lhe judges retired to consider their verdict, and had not arrived at a decision when the rink closed It was understood, however, that the match had resulted in o d-aw lhe reproduction of "laust' last night at the Alexandra Theatre waa very well attended, and each scene on the stage attained high musical and dramatic effect lhe audience were very liberal with their applause, and in some cases greedy for e;i cores The demand had to be met in the case of Signor Buzzi, who consented to sing again the great song " D10 del 'or," in the second act The other artists wisely re framed from all temptation to break the continuity of the action, so that the whole performance went smoothly, and with ana tamed hold on the attention ot the house lo night 'Taust will be played again, and for the last time 1 he city organist will perform the follow mg selections on the graud organ, in the 1 own hall, this afternoon, at 4 oclock - Overture, "Die Zauberllote,'Mozart, odogio from "Violin Concerto," Op. 47, Spobr, grand organ sonata in A, No 3, Mondéis söhn , gavotte m G major (by request), Handel, "luneral March of a Marionette' (by desire), Gounod, selection, " Stab it Mater,' Rossini, viz. (a) duet, "Quia est Homo, (b) solo and chorus, "Infiammatus , finale, National Anthem Wc have received the following additional contributions to the fund for the assistance of the Rev IL Ha} ward whose parsonage was burned at Charlton on Sunday -ï C Harwood (Geelong) £3 3s. C Mollison, £2 2s., B , £2 ¿a., John Vale, £2 2s , Dean ot Mel bourne, £22s " Church of hngland Vicar s Son ills, 1 D Bird,£lls , A Woolley,£lls., W E. Morris, £lls., lhomoi Ijson £1 Is , Rev Julius Lewis £1 Is , J* G Snowden (Balwyn) £lls Conon Potter £1 la, Mrs. Potter, £1 Í.CJ.U T B M £1, T 1. , 10s. bd , li. Howlett b3 C P, 2s. Od Also per Mr 1 C Russell of the 1-.change, £1G lbs , collected as under -Sir \\\ I Chuko £003, W 1 Jones, £2 2s. J no W hittnit-hnru £1 Is., George Whittingham, £1 Is, Edward 1 anning £1 Is , Charles Brown £1 Is , Geo Ramsden £1 Is, V C Russell, £1 Is , M Carron, Bird and Co £1 Is , Robert Wallen £1 Is Sidney M Puckle £11» 1 or the case of the man Hook ut 1 oota ero}, who was terribl} crushed while following his avocation as a lumper, and on behalt ot whom the Rev H 1 Scott made an appeal for charitable assistance in J he Arum of luesdu} we have received the following sub scriptious -W 1 Jones (per Mr 1 C Russell 1 he Lxchnnge), £3 3s ,1 owrence Benjamin £2 2s Sympathiser £2 Mrs. A. U 1 merson (Albur}) £l 1- C J £1, A J R. (Adelaide) lOi J W Osborn (lill more), 10s li A 5s C P, 2a. 01 1 or the same case the Rev II V Scott desires to acknowledge receipt of the following sub scriptions -Isaac Bowley, £5, M Conran, £1 Is , J U , W3 A notice appears in our advertising columns respecting the open scholarships in connection with the Cliur'h of England Grammar School, and also ot the University honours gamed by the Behool last j ear Mr Vasey desires to acknowledge the re- ceipt of £1 from Mr f S Luke ot Lance held and the sum of £lo 3s from I lie Aigus, making, with the former amounts acknow ledt,ed a total qf £24 Is Od , on account of the ' sad case of distress mentioned in The Alum of the 1th mst, and expresses his thanks for the ver} liberal response to his appeal lhe recipnnts are very thankful to those who have so rendil} contributed lhere is no need for farther contributions 111 this eusc Hie attendances at the Collingwood and Tit. toy 1 ree Medical Dispensary for the month ending December 31 were 790 Messrs. C J and 1 Ham oro announced to sell house property to day in Hotham The extraordinary election for the vacant spot in the Flemington and Kensington Council caused by the resignation of Coun- cillor David Wilson, took place yesterday, with the following result:-Robert Mitchell, 317 , Jonathan Rankine, 156, S.P. Davis, 109\. Mr. Mitchell was therefore declared elected. lhe following is the return of the number of cuses relieved weekly by the committee of the Melbourne Ladies Benevolent Society tor the lortnlght ending January 4 -ramihes 492(numbering 1,22G individuals) comprising Widows 280 sick and infirm, 111 deserted wives, 33 wives whose husbands are 111 prison 7 w ives whose husbands are absent, 7 wives whose husbands are partially em ployed 17, do unemployed 8, need coupler 23 Hie outlay during the fortnitrht in relief of cases vvoa £17013s Sd Contributions ure thonklully received and information |,iven b) tho hop treasurer, Mrs Dunn % Avenue, Windsor , by the Bccretar} 4 Jack son street, Se K.ltla , or b) the collector, Mr M W light Cot ham road Kew lhe com mittee tbunktully acknowledge two doves and one parcel clothing per Messrs Beauchamp, who kindly receive parcels of clothing ic , at their office, 14 Collins street west, lor the society 