flrgnrmmt AN INSECUBE HOLD. THE Imperial hold upon Canada is not at all BO secure as the exaggerations of British optimists would lead persons unacquainted with the state of things in the Dominion to suppose. Notwithstanding the profuse professions of loyalty which Sir John Macdonald is in the habit of mating, on his own behalf and that of the people whose Prime Minister he is, their allegiance to the "mother country" is neither so universal nor so strong that it would be likely to resist a strong temptation or provocation to cast it off. The feeling is already much weakened by commercial considerations, and these are accentuated in some provinces by racial prejudices. Manitoba is a case in point. The suppression of the Red Biver insurrection, and the impolitic execution of Siel certainly did not put an end to all trouble with that province. Its people resolved to connect by a branch line the Canadian Pacific Railway with its great rival, the American Northern Pacific line, on the other side of the frontier; and for financial and political reasons the Dominion, or central Government, " forbade the bond." The Federal authorities forbid the proposed junction of Winnipeg, the capital of Manitoba, with the railway system of the United States; while, on the other hand, the Manitoban Parliament has, in the interests of its own farmers, authorised the construction of a line southwards to Minnesota. To the threat that the authorities of Manitoba would be compelled to obey the injunctions of the central Government, it was quickly replied that force would be repelled by force, and that, if necessary, the Manitoban militia would be called out to resist any attempt to compel the provincial authorities to submit. It was even said in a cable message published in the daily papers here that the Canadian Prime Minister, Sir John Macdonald, had declared that, if need were, British regulars would ! be r called in to bring the unruly province into submission. This, however, has been contradicted, the explanation being that the Canadian Pacific Railway Company obtained an injunction in the Dominion courts prohibiting the construction of the Manitoba railway, and that before the order could be served the connection was actually established. However the quarrel between State and Dominion rights may go, it is very unlikely that what has been done will be undone, and inasmuch as this tends to improve the commercial relations between an important part of the Dominion and the United States, the affair is decidedly prejudicial to Imperial interests. Nor is that the only thing to be said on the same point. There is a general desire throughout the Dominion to establish a system of reciprocity with the States, and this cannot be done without striking a blow at British commerce. In a cablegram published elsewhere in our columns it is alleged that the Canadian papers deny that the assimilation of their tariff to that of the United States would affect political relations with Great Britain, but sensible people will attach a proper value to that denial. If the channels iof trade are diverted from British markets, and an exchange of products goes freely on for a few years between the Dominion and the United States, the existing political tie will not survive that change very long. Canada will either develop into a Republic or will throw in her lot with the United States. THE construction we THE put upon the brief MITCHELSTOWN cable message an- SIUBDEBS. nouncing the collision •between the police and peasantry at Mitchelstown turns out to have been quite correct. After some thousands of people had taken their places at a public meeting, sixteen or twenty constables endeavoured to force a way through the densely-packed crowd for a Government reporter, and their rudeness was the beginning of this disturbance. The Dublin correspondent of the London Tablet says •.—"It seems that on previous occasions permission was always asked from the promoters of a meeting that a Government reporter should be allowed to have a place close to the speakers, and this permission was always given. On Friday the permission was not asked, but a passage was attempted to be forced for him through the dense mass of people. It does not appear who ordered Condron to force his way through the crowd; or who directed the constables to use their batons when the crowd refused to make way for Condron." The police had not the. slightest authority. The meeting had not been "proclaimed." At least in theory the Irish pplice are a civil force, and are supposed to be amenable to the civil magistrates, their duty being to " keep the peace." As a fact, the class of people on whose order and examples the preservation of the peace chiefly depends were the foremost persons at the meeting ; they were members of Parliament, mayors, magistrates, and Catholic clergymen—gentlemen without whose assistance the police could not keep the peace. The constables were therefore acting against, and not with, the prominent citizens and representatives of the civil power, from whom, in the proper order of things, they should take their instructions. That consideration had, no doubt, some weight with the jury who brought in the verdict of wilful murder. But, even if up to the time the constabulary had retreated to their barracks their proceedings had been defensible, it is quite clear from the reports that they could not be acquitted of murder. They appear to have fired in a panic from an upper window of the building, and to have inflicted mortal wounds at long range, the people being far away from the barracks at the time, and neither attacking nor meditating an attack on that stronghold. From the particulars as they appear in our columns it is impossible to imagine any grounds on which any other verdict than that of wilful murder could have been brought in, and if the Government do not prosecute the matter further they will be guilty o£ a scandalous dereliction of duty. Among the great men A YIGOEOUS of the Victorian era, OLD AGE. Mr. Gladstone will be for all time a colossal figure. In ^Hc- ranks of the most eminent British statesmen his fame will be that of a giant among giants, and in the affections of the English people he will always occupy the foremost place. His political career has not only extended over a long period, but has been remarkable for great achievements, which have much enlarged the political power of the masses, and promoted their social improvement. And yet, though he has at intervals borne the cares or State for many years, and when out of office was weighted with heavy responsibilities as the leader of a great party, his literary labours have been considerable and varied, ranging from critical studies of a dead language to a dissertation on patristic lore and ecclesiastical history; and with all this, and notwithstanding his great age, his vitality seems but little impaired. It is too evident that, in a physical sense, "years have told on him," though he is still capable of getting through an amount of work which a much younger man, of less natural energy, would scarcely care to face; but there is little or no indication of failing mental powers. Some of his recent speeches on the Irish question would compare with his best in favour of an extension of the franchise, and these were admitted to be his grandest efforts; He has not retired, as he might have done, with the consent of his party, from the active leadership of it, but not only keeps his place as its chiei' adviser, but is also playing his paffin its foremost or fighting rank; and whilst thus wrestling with his political foes he finds time to indulge his literary tastes, and usually does sp in a form which both educates andX lp his party. This occurs in a paper on e "Electoral Facts of 1887," which he has con- s tributed to the September number of the Nineteenth Century. This paper is calculated to relieve, in some degree, the uneasiness with which people, not illiberal, regard jthe transfer of all power to the classes who are the most numerous and least educated, and who would be the lightest sufferers from a failure of the experiment. Reviewing the results of 1832 he says:—" It remains to be seen, after the Irish settlement, whether the system of household suffrage is or is not chargeable with any want of due stability, though it seems probable that there will be some increase of liveliness in its movements as compared with those of other times and methods." There is then a reference to the election of 1886, of the result of which he says:—" That it was a judgment by default, and indicated not the conviction, but the perplexity of the country." After alluding to the Coercion Act, and the loss to England of " a year of legislative life," Mr. Gladstone observes, in reference to the recent contested elections, " Viewing them in cold blood, the rational Tory, and still more any Dissentient who may be inclined to the practice of forecasting, will probably regard them of very marked significance. They may even begin to ask themselves, in a reflective temper, 'Where is all this to end ?'" In words more recently uttered he has himself answered the question, for he has expressed his conviction that the time is rapidly approaching when the English people will give Home Rule to Ireland. IF Australians are not in- LOSS AND tensely selfish and utterly GAIN. indifferent to Imperial interests, they have no reason whatever to rejoice that the New Hebrides question has been settled on the conditions that have been cabled to this colony. The Dtbats, a Foreign Office paper, plainly stated that France would not evacuate the islands till England had given way on the Suez Canal question, and the Australian Press insisted that the two questions should not be mixed, or considered concurrently, each standing alone, and having no proper connection. Nevertheless, England has given way. She has done so after bluntly and curtly refusing on former occasions to even so much as take into consideration the proposals of France on the subject. She has done so at a sacrifice, the greatness of which anyone can estimate who remembers the great value which was set upon this short cut to India, and how it could be utilised in defence of empire there. And, as this sacrifice has been made and humiliation endured, all to please the agitators in the Australian colonies, they certainly have but Bmall reason to rejoice at their success. England first conceded three points—namely the appointment of an International Commission, periodical meetings of that body, and the presidency of the oldest member of it. France was not satisfied; she demanded a fourth—namely, that the Commission, should fix the area alongside the Canal, within which the erection of fortifications and the concentration of troops would be forbidden, and this also appears to have been conceded. It is even said that she is to receive territorial compensation, but we cannot believe that. It is probable that some patriotic Englishman, whose pride has been wounded, has said this in the bitterness of his spirit, and in derision at the weakness of the Foreign Office, though it is not at all surprising that it is credited by those who have brought so much humiliation on the English Government. Even the Tory Staridard regards the settlement as a diplomatic defeat for England, and such an admission in such a quarter would be a sufficient justification for an impartial observer to describe the concessions as degrading to the English Government and people. It is certainly only one of several similar defeats that have lately been endured, and possibly indifference has become a result of familiarity with humiliations of the kind. And to have to say this when we have only just got our breath after indulging in prolonged paeans over the glories of the Victorian era! EVEBY turn in affairs NEABEB STILL. is bringing Ireland nearer still to the realisation of her purpose, and nothing that has occurred since Lord Salisbury returned to office was more calculated to serve it than the arrest of Mr. Wilfred Blunt and his English friends at the proclaimed meeting which was held at Woodford, County Galway. By this event the English democracy are brought into direct conflict with the Government on the constitutional question at issue. Heretofore they were only indirectly concerned in the suppression of free speech and the right of public meeting; now those privileges which are the deareBt to them as a free people, and which they secured at great cost, are invaded in the persons of their representatives, and so we can wait confidently, as we can afford to wait patiently, for the result. It is needless to say that nothing more embarrassing to the Government than the arrest of these English gentlemen could have occurred. For them it complicates matters in a manner that must have been wholly unexpected when they screwed up sufficient courage to enter upon the malign and stupid policy of coercion. In either an advance or a retreat there is now certain disaster before them. The hackneyed old Latin proverb —Incidit in Scyllam qui nult vita/re Charybdim—was never more applicable to a case than it is to this, for the Government, in its eagerness to comply with the evil counsels of its Tory instigators, has most certainly ensured its downfall. It has now become a matter of certainty that the Government will go down with a crash, and that there will be a Liberal revival in England of greater volume and force than has been experienced within the last fifty years. If God spare him Mr. Gladstone will return triumphantly to power, the Coercion Act for all time will be effaced from the statute book as a piece of legislation almost as disgraceful as the worst of the penal laws, ahd Home Rule will be carried witk-aTUsh- B was sure to come, however things might have gone, butlhe iefiance of the English Liberals and Ithe actiim they have forced upon the Government makes assurance donH. sure, and further indicates that C ; ' of victory for Ireland and J the party in England will be one of hop U wreck and ruin for their political own nents. THE ICELANDIC Rule appears to lew HOME BTTLEBS. strong up near the Arctic circle a s ^ somewhat lower latitudes where there is not as intense cold to cool the patriotic ardour. It was lately somewhat uaaccountable that 1800 inhabitants of Ice. land emigrated to the United States Previously a few Icelanders were now and again among the immigrants who landed at Castle Garden, but the arrival of nearly two thousand of them within a few weeks was unprecedented. There wag curiosity as to the cause, and, of course conjectures; that which seemed most probable being that these hardy nor. therners had fled from hard times in their place of birth, as millions before them had done. The arrival was more particularly ascribed to the rigours of famine following a bad harvest in 1888 and a subsequent very severe winter. But that was only partly the cause of the exodus. Political reasons had a share in inducing the more patriotic of the islanders to seek a new home, where their republican aspirations can best he satisfied; for it should be known that in Iceland, as elsewhere, there has long existed a strong desire for autonomy, and for as complete a separation from the control of Denmark as circumstances may permit. The Althing, or Icelandic House of Commons, has for some years back been engaged in demanding the independence which it claims as its right, and although it has been several times dissolved, in consequence, by the Danish Ministry, has been immediately returned by the constituencies without the loss of a seat to any one of its members. 'What the 70,000 inhabitants of the island demand is that their union with Denmark be restricted to the rule of the same constitutional Sovereign but with a separate Ministry, and that the King be no longer permitted to exercise a veto upon anj of the laws passed by their Parliament. So far these demands have been refused. The Icelanders have not had to complain of harsh treatment on the part of Denmark. Their history in that respect is very tmlike that of Ireland, and yet, few as they are, small as their territory is, and poor their resources, they maintain that, being separated from Denmark and being a distinct people, they are entitled to manage their own affairs. Their assertion is that they could do that much better than Denmark, with the best intentions, does it for them, and that, not being 100,000 all told, is no valid reason for a refusal. The case of Iceland is, on a very small scale, that of Ireland, ahd the arguments are proportionately strong in the Hibernian case. 