BRITISH- AND FOREIGK MEMS. Cholera is officially deciared to be extinct in Hungary. Immense oyster beds have been discovered off the North Carolina coast. A woman at CbaUWorth,' : Ill., 90 years old, is cutting tier third set of teeth. The Frfthth Government proposes to deepen and widen the harbour of Havre; 1 A member elect of the Maine Legislature has prepared a bill to abolish wills. A Japanese lady has joined the editorial staff of one of the leading political papers in Tokio. Lard Tennyson's new volume, it is reported, sells more freely than anything he ever published. During the last year 150 persons have been killed on the streets of-Chicago by railroad accidents. Only 40 per cent, of the men who took part in the last Chicago strike have been-reemployed. Omaha has 160 saloons paying 1,000 dollars per year license, and that money goes into the school fund. Tennyson's "Enoch Arden," as translated into Geribon by Carl Eichholz, has reached a third edition. The fishery trouble trad recent elections have tended to bring about a Cabinet breakup in Canada. Miss S. Foster, living at Detroit, Mich., in destitution, has fallen heir to .£50.000 by the death of an uncle in Australia. The microphone is now being used in Germany for the purpose of detecting loss of water through leakage in town mains. The death is announced at Hampstead, in his 70th year, of Mr. Mark Anthony, the wellknown EogliBh landscape painter. The Marquis of Salisbury had his IaBt grain crop thrashed by electricity, and the power wrs steady and quite equal to sleam-power. Beports show that during the past year the London city missionaries reclaimed 4526 drunkards. During 10 years they have reclaimed 26,329. John Bennett, a professional billiard player, and brother of the ex- ctiatnpion player, Joseph Bennett, died in bed recently from failure of the heart's action. The name of Lieutenant Schwatka, of Arctic fame, is among those mentioned for appointment to the vacancy in the office of chief of police in Washington. The Associated Chambers of Commerce have resolved to urge Mr, Raikes, the English Postmaster-General, to reduce the postage on letters to the colonies. ' Eleanor Carey, an Australian actress, was married In Jfew Ycirk to William Findlater Blood, an Irish :actor, whosa family is related to Lady Colin Campbell. A company has been organised for the purpose of recovering 100,000 dollars in gold, thought to be in Spanish vessel which foundered near Cape May in 1801. La Republique Frajidhise is responsible for the somewhat questionable statement that the house of Rothschild-has acquired tt prepondsrating interest lfl~irke'Times newspaper. " * ———-—r i—— i' —»[""J" wf nowtiAiui abstinence from food endangered his life. Mme. Boucicaut {proprietress of the Bon Marche, Paris) lately gave a grand concert in her place of business, to which 3,000 persons •were invited, many of them her elastomers. A novel association' has been formed in Cedartown, Ga. Its purpose is to hold a perpetual county exhibition of native resources, by which the town may be advertfted.*^ -i •• , The ship Harry Mills, from Puget Sound to San Francisco, was lost on December 17. The crew were drowned/excepting three men, who frerethree days on a raft withoutlood and water. • . TheJPederation.of Trade and Labor Unions the United States and Canada.bas : issued a circular calling for action upon the standing ot trades unions in Knights of Labor organisation. . A' syndicate of Danish capitalists has been formed to assist the emigration of email fannerswhom the hardHimea have compelled to sellout,'and to rear a colony in-the far north-west of Canada.- AdeputMioirtrf London watchmakers waited upon the President ot the Board of Trade "and Bafon 1 H. de J Worms With reference' to ; frauds arising out of the sale of Swiss "watches with the-Eoglfeh-hWl mark. •' - John Tyler Cfrmpbell, ex-Speaker of the ^.W%pian Legislature, has been appointed! U.S. Consul at Auckland/ Robert Calbretto, a publisher in San Francisco, has been appointed consul at Samoa; Mr. Greenbaun. The New Brunswick press favor a scheme of sticd&tSon; by iih'e seaboard 1 provinces from ^^'^adftn Oohfederktion, ! and advocate UiM J Nbva "Stbtiii; ! 5 New Brunswick, Prince Edward _I B land,. and ^Newfoundland from a mantimejnrion. ' •• • The steamship Celtic Monarch has been abandoned'at Bea in a sinking condition. The ^""Wfe'^fcrigea' to tbte Monarch line, and warfbdund ftw&Gaidiff; fot Philadelphia. The cre^atf ike&M; l#«foaking steamer. There were n<PjSBsS6fi&®fc , .l The German ship Elizabeth stranded on a bar near Little -Island Life-saving .Station; on the Virginian const, on'January 8. "She became a total wreck, and nut ope ofthe ,crew survived." Tliere were 20 lives lost, including four life- station men. Afire occurred on January 2 intheOdeacalcbi Palace at Rome. Thtfmajolican collection and valuable picnireR in the palace, were, seriously damaged. King flunibertj pereeiving the- flames,, hastened to the .tfcenfiiiand remained an hour, encouraging the firemen. Recent reports from Texas say that there are 30,000 persons in thatStatia.in need of food and clothing, and 500 more without seed to plant during the coming season. The New York commissioners of immigration sent 1000 pauper immigrants, including 75 gipsies, back to Europe in 1885. A new finger is declared to hare grown on the haiid of Joseph Mathers, of Norwalk, who lost the member (index finger, left hand) six months ago, while chopping wood. The narrative is a complete one of its kind, making the new fingergrow with 4x>nee, joints, and-fingernails all perfect. The strike of the'conductors and gripmen on the San Francisco cable roads. reached the stage of outrage on the 14th January, when a car and dummy while in'toiotion, filled with passengers, was --blown up by ^dynamite. People were thrown some 15ft. by the concussion, but fortunately no one was hurt. The agitation in America in favour of tariff reform is assuming large proportions. A mass meeting was held at New York on January 12tb, under the: auspices of the Free Trade Club, including the leading men of the country. It was asked that a reduction should be made in the tariff, in-justice tothe Southern farmers. The German war authorities are supplying to the army a new kind of rifle bullet, said to be of a far more destructive character than any hitherto usjsd. The new bullet is of iron with lead inside, and' its penetrative power is claimed to be such that is would pass through eight or ten men when fired at close quarters. . : The Rev. Dr. M'Glynn, a prominent Roman Catholic, who supported Mr. Henry George's candidature has been suspended and ordered to Rome. Henry George has issued a paper called the Stmdatd, in New York, to support his views. It opens with a bitter attack on the Roman Catholic Church , for its. disciplinary meaautefi to wards Dr. M'Glynn. The Russian Official Messenger states thht the Emperor of Russia has authorised his representative at the Hague; Count Kapnist, to accept in hiB name the King of Hollands gift of the house in which < Peter - the Great * Jived -< Zandaam in 1697. : This housewas visited - by the Emperor Paul in 1781 and the late Czar Alexander II. while Cesar witch in 1839. It ift-confidfently asserted-that M.'Robilant, the Minister of Foreign, Affaire in Italy, is the (German Emperor's couein, ^and .hence the warmth of^ his sympathies , with Germany. Mej or-General Robilant, the Minister's father, married in 1822 the daughter ofi tbe Princess Marie Antoinette of Hohenzollern-Hershingen, to which familythe Prince of Ronmania also belongs. A Neche (Dakota) young man and his wife are troubled over the legality of their recent marriage. They live near the Manitoba line, and the parents of' the'girl having roirbade her leaving towti, she stood on -the Manitoba eide and he in the United States^ the minister stood with one foot in the queen's realm and the other in Uticle Sain's, and-thfe two were married. The Chicago people delight in big things. yheir lat^t pi^?^i8't»-bBiid« theatre which shall be the most capacious in the world. It will have a front&'ge of "362ft. on Congressstreet, with a depth' of 187ft., will seat 6000 people, and.will cost £450,000. Probably it will be-a'disappointment to its-founders to learn that the Grand Opera in Paris cost more tban twioeas much. A'suicideof an"extraordinary and derrible nature recently. came ; to -light at an inquest held at Kemerton, Tewkesbury, on theirejnains of Samuel 'Adams,' 40;' ahead- gardener.' ' It appeared that the wretched mamdug his own grave','placed in It a quantity of wood, -which he' soaked with bfenzOline, and -then,! lying down in it, set the whole on fire. A verdict of temporary -insanity was returned^ - "i : An adventurous American of Scottish deficentj named JamesrRical6on,T:.whoj^et out for a tramp through Russia in" May last, with a small "dormer waggon^" "which he propels by day and bleeps in at night,' haa been heard of at St'Petersburg, to "Which he jourbeyed -on foot from Archangel. He baa undertaken the journey as the special ' correspondent of an American magazine entitled Outing. A syndicate iB being formed in New York to excavate the Atlantic and Mexican. Gulf canal, on the survey-made General Q.'-A. Gilmore. -The cut is* to commence.at the mouth of Sit. Marv's River, on the dividing line between Georgia and Florida ; run to St. Mark's '<M»: ;tbe Gulf ofj liexico^ iandrth$icp(p New Orleans by the existing lineofwatW i?»yg, saving ISOO/miles-Df danRBroBBt BRyigation. The disastrous'close of the Italian opera season in New York left 23 chorus singers and 16 members of the corps de ballit id a^iteof destitution. % the generosity of the Italian boh^nl in that c"ity'and^aineU)f hill ctMnpktritlits, and witb the aid ot some liberal iiConcessions on the pait of the'Transatlantic Steanupacket Company,- the poor 1 : creatures were furnished with a passage to Havre, where they landed without a souin,their pockets, A London special says;—" The, Queen is breaking very rapidly, and she is' conscious that • her .life;,<annot be; spared many years longer. The only shadow over the jubilee year is a general apprehension among the people of England that rthe-Queen ;may not live until the year is completed. The appearance of old age is most clearly marked in her jubilee portrait, which has just been completed, and placed in the gallery leading to her private apartments at Windsor." A despatch from Ottawa, January 5, says that a company of English and Canadian capitalists, lately formed to construct a cable between Vancouver and Australia, is pushing its work, and. applied to the Imperial Government for a vessel to conduct soundings and other work from the Australian coast. The offers of assistance from the Governments with whose territory it is proposed to make connection are considered so satisfactory that the company is beyond the possibility of failure. Unusually severe gales raged over the northwestern provinces of Spain during the third week of December, damaging the railways and telegraphs. Twenty-three fishing-boats were lost near San Sebastian, and only some of their crews were saved with much difficulty. From Galicia and Asturias the authorities telegraph that many fishing and larger vessels have been wrecked, with great loss of life. Four persons were killed and several injured in a Protestant chapel, which was destroyed by the gale at Marin. The schooner Parallel was wrecked at 'Frisco Heads on the 15th January. She had 40 tons of Grant powder on-board,,which exploded when the vessel struck, and caused widespread - devastation. The well-known Cliff House was seduced to ruins, the life- saving station destroyed,- as well .as SutroB Observatory, and all the ..window-glass within a mils radius was shattered. The crew of eight deserted the chip, i before shei. drove ashore. The concussion was felt throughout San- Francisco. A boy,' 14 years of age, committed suicide on the 31st of December last; in the house ot his parents, Rue de Watiignies, Paris. His mother, having been left a widow, had mar-' ried again,' and about two years ago gave birth to another son, and the elder brother was so jealous of the caresses bestowed upon the newcomer that,! during • the - temporary absence of his mother, he hanged himself' by means of a silk handkercbief.- ~So -determined was he to effect his object .thai he .had deliberately fallen backwards, .90.^8 to.ensure his strangulation. at According to th? testimony of a recent visitor to Russia, the condition of the great mass of the peasantry is far. worse than that of negro.slaves,; and the rate; of mortality is fearfully high. It is in general from 35 to 37 per 1000, which Js.Jonhle-lhat.of_the rural districts of England'; but, in the 13 nent^al:provinces, it iB no less than 62 per 1000, which is declared by-the Russian Society t)f Surgeons to blithe -result -ot starvation. And yet the Bulgarians are.' unwilling to become subjects of the ruler of that-happy and prosperous empire !••••: ;r.-. One of the best points made by Sir Charles Rus8ellin hisspeech for the defence;at the late Colin Campbell divorce trial was that in which, after wimadveEting t upon.thp.arrogance.of the pJainUfTV iamily in asstiming. that he bad made a misalliance .in marrying the.accomplished, andrbeautiful Miss Blood, the learned council proceeded jo quote,.in &rich; Highland brogue, the exclamation of ,one of the, Campbell clan, in Edinburgh, when he heard of the,marfiafce ^-ibeJJrineessfrLouise. and^e^ilarqnis of Lome :—"Eh, mon, the Queen must be a prood leddy the day!" Admiral Ammen, of the U.S. Navy, haB written a letter to the press, severely criticising M. De Lesseps's Panama Canal and Mr. Eade's proposed ship railroad. He charges that M. Pe.Lesseps paid an'American syndicate $00,0f%) francs yearly to defeat the Nicaragua Railroad. In the meantime, reports from Panama, of January 3, say that the canal work is pro- graming, - •and.v the . contractors are satisfied, although they aire working against difficulties, in consequence of the tail end of the rainy season, and the celebration. of the. December holidays. The sanitary record is good. A terrible explosion took place , on December 16, at the St., Germain post- office, France. It was caused by a ^asfitter, through whose awkaTdness in mending a leak the meter caught. The boiardaof'the public room were shivered to splinters, some of which were scattered through :the nfindows.over the pavement opposite. Madame Chantreil, the postmistress, who was sitting,Bt the table, had both her legs broken. The furniture was all broken or damaged. Coins were hurled out of the till-like so many: missiles, and sank in the plastered walls and ceiling, or were lost underneath the floor. The other day a coffin properly secured, and accompanied by a passenger in deep mourning, was placed in a luggage van specially engaged for the purpose, on the railway at Courtrjai, in Belgium, for delivery ata^ station in France. On arriving at the frontier Bome custom-house offioere were Unfeeling enough to wish' to see the corpse; against .which , Che man in charge protested so. vehemently that, they insisted upon opening, ithe coffin, which was found to contain abont a hundred-weight and a half of cigaps. Needless to add that they were confiscated, and that the mourner was taken into custody for saUiggling. ti •.. . A rugged bank nearest the Horseshoe FalU of Niagara, on the Canadian side, known as Upper Table Rock, fell at midnight recently with a deafening crash. The concussion was felt miles away. Thousands of tons of solid rock fell into the gorge below with hundreds of tons of ice. The Government iron railing for over 100 feet was carried away. At this very spot all visitors stand to get a view of the falls. The formation of; the. precipice is.entirely changed, the view being opened behind a heavy sheet of water into a dark chasm. The supposed cause of the rock falling was the steady freezing and the heavy weight of the accumulated ice. The New York Herald, in an editorial headed " How about San Francisco J" says ;— " Twelve 80-ton guns are on their way from England to Victoria, British Columbia. Captain Greene, of the Engineers, says : ' Our present stock of heavy ordnance consists of 1518 smooth-bore Rodmans of various sizes, moBt 10-inch and 15-incb, and 210 8-inch rifles converted from 10-inch smooth-bores by inserting a steel lining. None ot these can properly be called heavy guns, as compared with the modern sea-coast guns ot Europe. The whole of these 1728 guns, if they were mounted in San Francisco, would not protect that city against even one of the twelve 80-ton infants on their way to the Pacific.'" There died a short time since in Paris, at the age of 83, the Baroness de Forget, who was the daughter of Count Lavalette and of Emily Beauharnais, the niece of the Empress Josephine. During the Hundred Days the Count seized the General Post Office in Paris, and held it for the Emperor. Sentence of death was pronounced upon him for this after the restoration. The night before tbe day fixed for his execution, Lavalette was visited by his wife and daughter and a maid servant, who wept bitterJy. pn leaving the ..prison. But the Count and Countess had exchanged clothes, and be escaped, while she remained behind. His confederates were tried and acquitted, and Louis XVIIL had the good sense to declare that the wife and daughter bad only done their duty. A hideous crime has just been perpetrated in the Department of Morbihan by two brothers named Jallu, who believed that one of their sisters, named Esther, was possessed by the evil spirit of pride, in. the most literal sense of the word, and thiat they could exorcise it by surgical meane. Seizing their victim, they threw her on the floor of their mother's mill, and proceeded to perforate holes in her body by means of an ,.prdinary-^rill, Inorder that the deipon might escape ; while her mother and her younger Bister knelt by her side-praying for the success of the operation. The scfreams of their unhappy victim were overpowered by tbe clatter of the mill; and it was not until a few, days later thpt some of the neighbors, missing her, iasked tb'see her, and were repulsed by the other members .of the family, who had armed themselves with axeB. The gendarmerie were calledity and when the corpse ot.the murdered.,girl discovered, they had some difficulty in preserving her butchers from beiBg torn to pieces by the population of the village.. The, whple -of £he Jallu. family were forthwith, removed to a lunatic asylum. A fearful affair is reported from Verviers, in Belgium. An;.untrained lion, appropriately called Brutus, on being let into a cage,-which an attendant, named Gremier, had not had time to leave, showed signs of great excitement, taking prodigious leaps ,all about the cage, tand uttering appalling roars,. Seeing the man in danger, the lion queen, a Madame E^pumet, entered the cage, to enable Gremier to withdraw, when the lion rushed at her, and fastened his teeth in the lower, pact of her face. A professional tamer, A. Bonvillant, went to the rescue, and by main force opened the lion's jaws, thus enabling tbe unfortunate woman^ to totter out ofthScagp;:; A. porUon&Thf;& 19Wjer }4^;>ith some of the teeth, had been bitten away. The savage beast turned, his fury upon Bonvillant, and he and the lionjactually wrestled together for two or three minutep, the lion j^yagely biting the man about the chesi and shoulders. Finally, one «f the attendants, by attacking the lion with a pitchfork from -outside the cage; made him let go his hold, and Bpnvillant rushed out of the cage and, fainted, away. Madame Soumet's life was despaired of, but Bonvillant was expected to recover. Senator Leland Stanford has introduced in the UnitedjStates sepate a bill to apsist working people to r fprm co-operation,. of working associatonR. Mr. Stanford is now at the Windsor Hotel. He says :—" My bill' Is to provide for the co-operatioh of people with or without; money. It will suable them to put in their labour if they have nothing else, or property: .or money if they^\ hajep. it, JttJB intended |to encourageall labourorganiBationB." It has this advantage claynpd fop i^qvey a partnership, because when a man dies" or ijetiresa partnershipis dissolved. associated body.binder, this law. wpuld have perpetual life. Men could go , out i' or,icome without disturbing it. It would have a legal existence. The idea was suggested to him by early: days in California. A gttat part of the mirii&g; there was on that principle. Men associated themselves together tp build' flumes^ "turn currents of rivers, or tunnels 5n hilli While some were busy in these directions, 6there worked at placer ,mining to gain immediate profit, and this went for the support of all until the greater wojck was finiBh^. . By thus working together the* . accomplished great results, :where littWioftUldvhave been achieved if they had workedmE! individuals.' • -i, 