THE LATE MR. C. A. FEILBERG. We have with the deepest regret to announce the death of Mr. Carl A. Feilberg, for the last four years editor of this journal, and chief of the Brisbane Newspaper Company's literary staff. The sad event occurred early yesterday morning, at the deceased gentleman's residence, Cordelia street, South Brisbane. Mr. Feilberg was not particularly communica- tive on personal matters, but we have ascertained some particulars of his early life. His father was a Danish naval officer, and his mother, born at Santa Cruz, was also of Danish descent, and the daughter of a West Indian planter. The boy's school career began in England, whither he had been taken hy his father on the death of his mother, when he was eight years of age. Thence he was removed to France, where he passed a course in the academy of St. Omar. He then came to England, and lived for a time in the Lincolnshire fen country. As a young man he was engaged for some years in the office of a London firm of insurance brokers, which, at the age of twenty-two years, he left on medical advice to emigrate to Australia in consequence of his being threatened with fatal lung disease. Landing at Rockhampton about twenty years ago he made his way to a Barcoo station, where he was engaged for about two years as clerk and storekeeper. The climate ap- peared to fully re-establish his health, the affected lung being healed although not restored. While on the station he gained valuable colonial experience, and also formed very decided views with respect to pastoral land tenure. Thence he returned to the coast, and for a time engaged in farming in the Wide Bay district. Ere long he was attracted to journalism in Maryborough, and soon made his presence felt there as a forcible writer in the leading columns of the Wide Bay News, in which journal, to his future dis- advantage, he acquired a proprietary interest. The paper warmly took up the popular cause and achieved a political success while ruining its pro- prietors, but Mr. Feilberg sought employment elsewhere, and in the course of years honourably met all his Maryborough obligations. His next venture was at Cooktown, where he had the opportunity of measuring the effect of Chinese immigration on a large scale, and where he arrived at the conclusion. that the Chinese question was really a formidable one, demanding decisive measures from the Legislature. Desiring a wider field than Cooktown offered, he soon came to Brisbane, where he wrote for the Patriot newspaper, afterwards renamed the Daily News. Here he again proved his journalistic capa- city, but there was no room for a second morning paper in Brisbane, and after a few months' struggle the proprietors abandoned their venture. Mr. Feilberg then found employment as a con- tributor to the Brisbane Courier and several of the leading provincial papers. He was also for a time engaged on the "Hansard" staff', and though not a shorthand writer soon acquired a reputation for well-written and faithful reports. In June, 1882, he was offered and accepted a sub-editorship on the Melbourne Argus, but after a year's expe- rience there he obtained from the proprietors a reluctant release from his engagement and re- turned to the more congenial climate and associa- tions of Queenslaud. In July, 1883, he became a salaried staff writer on the Brisbane Courier, where his work was so highly appreciated that in three months afterwards he was invested with the editorial control, succeeding the late Mr. W. O'Carroll. In this arduous and highly responsible position, Mr. Feilberg was very successful, speedily winning the implicit confidence and esteem of his proprietors, as well as the goodwill and hearty co-operation of the literary staff, and considerably extending the circulation and influence of the paper. Al- though never robust he appeared until April last to enjoy good health. and to take great interest in his work. But in that month a cold was the pre- cursor of a succession of severe attacks of spas- modic asthma, which he fought obstinately for a time. In June he was induced to take a fort- night's holiday by the sea-side, from which he returned slightly improved. During the next month the distressing symptoms returned and compelled another rest, but the second change proved of little benefit. He refused to desist from work, however, declaring that it relieved the tedium of confinement in his room, until about a month ago he was obliged to admit that all his remaining strength must be husbanded to meet the constantly recurring attacks of his disease. During the last fortnight he appeared to be gradually improving, and was able to take occasional driving exercise, but on Monday a change for the worse occurred, and yesterday morning he died painlessly in bed, passing away so peacefully that the precise moment of death is unknown. He had attained the age of 43 years. About fourteen yours ago Mr. Feilberg married at Maryborough a daughter of Mr. W. Smith, now the owner of the Kilkivan cobalt mines. His death is mourned by a widow and five chil- dren, who, bereft of the most affectionate of hus- bands and fathers, have in their bereavement the sympathies of a large circle of friends. The funeral is announced to take place at 2 o'clock this afternoon, the burial place being the Toowong Cemetery. 