The Adbertiser MONDAY, MAY 9, 1867. THE quarterly bank returns which we published on Saturday bring the financial history of the institutions doing business amongst us up to the end of March. In instituting comparisons between the different seta of figures it would be idle and misleading, unless proper deduc tions and allowances were made, to go back to periods when the Com mercial Bank of South Australia and the Town and Country Bank were in active operation. These two banks having ceased to exist as such do not now publish returns, although their affairs are far from being wound up. Iv calculating, therefore, the advances made by the banks to their customers, the "figures which these March returns contain are only accurate so far as they go, for they take no cogni sance of the money still owing by old customers to the two liquidating banks. The money on deposit is also influenced somewhat similarly, the Commercial Bank owing in March sa. in the pound to its depositors, which fact is not recorded in the returns. We presume the deposit* in toe Town and Country Bank were banded over to the Com mercial Bank of Australia, aud that they appear in this bank's return. The note Issue would also be affected in a similar way, for there is no return pub lished of the Town and Country Bank and Commercial Bank notes still out, and uniil these banks issue statements show ing the progress made iv liquidating their afl&ixs; no absolutely correct information can be given of note issue, money on deposit,or advances. As regards advaneM : it is stated that about £800,000 is still ' due to the two liquidating banks, but this is a mere estimate. Should it be approxi mately correct the total advances would stand at £9,813,169. We have to look back for many years to find such low figures. In the quarter ending Starch, 1884, the advances were £10,500,485, and for the preceding quarter £10,4.75,891. It is to be feared, however, that this does not mean greater wealth on the part of the community, but greater restriction of trade, as is evidenced by the fact that the note circulation three years ago was £580,958 as against a circulation of £418,049 this year, plus, however, the notes of the defunct banks still out, which cannot exceed a few thousands in value. The deposits in the published re turns before us total up to £5,031,936, as against £4,817,504, an increase of £814,432 for tbe quarter, which is rather surprising, more especially as the Govern ment deposits have decreased from £300,000 to £240,000. In the June quarter of last year they stood at £805,808; in the September quarter at £009,415. The figures indicate a steady drain for some time past upon the banks on the part of the Government. Of the amount belonging to the Government in the hand? of the banks over £80,000 was not bearing interest. This looks like bad business, and surely some arrangement might be made by means of which so huge a credit balance could be earning something. The fact of the Government having so comparatively small an amount on de posit will be a good argument with those who wish to stop all further loan authorisations at present. The banks are not now leaning on the Government to any considerable extent. They do not want Government money to keep their customers going, and the cessation of new loan Bills for come time to come would not in any way prejudice trade or hamper the tmaTire?t of the banks. In fact there seems great indifference on the part of the latter to treat for the loan which is to be floated this week. The banks have ample resources of their own to meet all advances that they consider it prudent to make, and they do not care apparently to antici pate the revival of trade by holding short dated Government deposits except at such low rates of interest as do not meet the views of the Treasurer. With regard to the manner in which Government loans generally are distributed amongst the basks it should, we think, be understood i that those banks which do most business in South Australia should have the option j to take most of the deposits. Would it not be fair to offer the deposits to the banks pro rata according to the extent of their advances In the colony? The Bank of South Australia, for instance, affords one-third of the banking facilities of the colony; why should it only get an eighth or ninth of the Government moneys ? An analysis of the returns before us shows that there are banks which exist amongst us ap parently for the purpose of borrowing; others for the purpose of lending. The Bank of Scuth Australia lends over £'1i,€00,000 and borrows under a million. The Back of New South Wales borrow from us about £190,000 more than it lends; and the Union Bank just about makes its borrowing and its lending balance. Special interest attaches to the National Bank just now. Ihis institution lends iv the colony some £1,721,000, and has de posits amounting to £1,270,232. Then are 250,000 shares on its register, of which about 70,000 are on the Adelaide list. These shares are paid up to £4, re presenting £280,000 of capital contributed by the Adelaide shareholders. The reserve of gold is £271,000, an abnormally large amcunt, and the note circula tion £120,000, being considerably more than a fourth of the note issue of the colony. The bank's average liabilities are £1,430,117, aud its average assets £2,114,902, showing that it has £631,000 of its own capital employed here, of which £250,000 has been contributed by its ahareholders. A still further amount has come from the same source in the shape of premiums upon new issues of shares, and the balance must be either profits made in Adelaide or advances from the head office. So large a business as this represents ought not to be managed by dummy directors set up or knocked down by the Melbourne b iard. The shareholders and the customers of the bank in Sjuth Australia, as well as die Government of the colony, whose banker the National Bank is in London, will all have an opinion on this matter, atd have a right to utter It. Supposing under a new regime a time of pressure should come both in Victoria and in South Australia, which of the colonies would be drained to support the other ? It is never the head office of any institution thateuflers if it is possible to relieve it. It is never the head.office that is in the wrong if blame can by any possibility be attached elsewhere. The best of the bank's customers will not care to be sub ject to the caprice or the exigencies of a Melbourne board, in whom they will have little reliance, arguing that if directors of twenty years' standing are treated as Mr. Scott and Mr. Everard have been, mere customers would be likely to receive scant consideration and courtesy should difficulties arise. From the quarterly returns before us we gather that the public have not lost confidence in the banks, as, despite Government ?with drawals, the deposits are increasing. The note issue shows also an upward move ment, which was to be expected during the harvest months. The banks have ample funds to meet such trade require ments as are considered safe, as evidenced by their recent reduction of the rates of interest on deposits, and by their disincli nation to rush into a bargain with the Treasurer for the new loan. With caution and patience as the watchwords of our people prosperity will return, and be the more appreciated and permanent when it j comes. ___^__^^__ The New Hebrides question is becoming somewhat complicated, and quite a variety of suggestions have been put forward for ita solution. A good deal of curiosity has been felt as to what was meant by Mr. j Stanhope when as head of the Colonial , Office he stated last September that " the , Government have every hope that a speedy settlement will be arrived at on a basis favorable to the colonies." The colonies themselves were left to guess the nature of the arrangement con templated by Mr. Stanhope, and on the whole the promise was hardly reassuring. Experience has shown that what may be regatded as satisfactory in England may be viewed aa highly unsatisfactory in Australia, and it was desirable that tha colonies should learn as early as pos sible the exact position of affairs. The demand for information was pressed very strongly at the late Conference, and it is from papers submitted to the delegates that we derive whatever knowledge we possess. As to the scheme which has formed the basis of the Anglo-French negotiations there will no doubt be differences of opinion. The Imperial authorities apparently think that the disputed territory might be advantageously placed under a joint Government—a plan which is carried out with success in Samoa and other Pacific islands. So far as can be gathered from the meagre in telligence communicated to the colonies no actual division of territory as in the case of New Guinea is contemplated ; nor by the colonies has it been desired. It may be presumed that by the proposed arrangement the status of the islands will not be varied, and that they will be free as heretofore from the danger of contact with French conrictism; and further, that the civilising agencies in operation will enjoy immunity from interference. No doubt it will be said the same re sults might be achieved more surely and with less effort by the simple and unconditional withdrawal of the French troops; and it is Impossible to see what gain can accrue to France from the new arrangement, except, perhaps, as affording means of tiriog out the pitienca of the colonies and extorting consent to the alternative proposal by which France would acquire the islands in return for a pledge to discontinue the dispatch of con victs to the Pacific The discredit which has attached to French promises in the past has deprived the latter suggestion of all chauce of serious discussion, otherwise there would be force in the remark of Sir Frauds Dillon Bell, that "if France would only withdraw her convicts she would be as welcome a neighbor as any power which bad established itself in the Pacific." It is clear that we cannot keep the New Hebrides out of French hands, and at the same time secure to the Pacific freedom from French convictism. If France can not have her way in the New Hebrides the will insist upon her rights elsewhere, and we may expect that the influx of convicts into New Caledonia will increase rather than diminish. Moreover, England gains no more than France by the terms which are being negotiated, but on the contrary suffers a certain loss of dignity in having to retract her declaration that France under no circumstances should establish a footing on the islands. The history of the past negotiations affords the best light by which to judge the merits of the case. The treaty of 1678, so constantly referred to, was con cluded after Great Britain at the request of France had refused to sanction the annexation of the New Hebrides by New Zealand. Up to the beginning of last year the agreement binding both Powers to respect the neutrality of the islwnri'n had "faever been questioned, and the first posi tive intimation that a breach of engage ment was contemplated by France reached the colonies in February last year. Vague rumors previously afloat were confirmed in a secret telegram from Mr. R. Hurray Smith to the Victorian Go vernment, who were informed that an offer had been made to the British autho rities to the effect that France would | cease deporting criminals to the Pacific If permission were accorded for her acquisi tion of the New Hebrides. The colonies were consulted through their Agents- General, but all declined to entertain the i proposal except New South Wales and New Zealand. The former colony was influenced by the prospect of preventing the immigration of convicts to its shores; and the Utter had its cupidity excited by the hope of getting the trade of the is land of Ropa, which France had offered to throw into the bargain. In response, however, to the remonstrances, objections, and indignant protests of the other colonies, the ImperialGovemmentgaveapledge that "nothing should be done to change the position of the New Hebrides without previously consulting the Colonial Govern ments." There can be no doubt that the disagreement manifested between the colonies at this time was largely respon sible for the subsequent course of event*. In vain were the statesmen of New South Wales and New Zealand told that by parity of reasoning France might claim every unappropriated island in the Pacific on the same condition of sending no criminals; that French promises were valueless; and that disunion between the colonies would breed serious disaster in j the future. Matters came to a crisis { in May hut, when two Fi-ench warships, the Dives and the Ma gellan, sailed from New Caledonia with the ostensible object of landing troops on the New Hebrides for the pro tection of French subjects from the natives. This step was interpreted by the colonies as a preliminary measure for bringing the territory formally under the dominion of the Republic, and there were a number of facts to justify the conclu sion. Extraordinary precautions were taken -by the Government at Noumea to prevent news of the intended expedition frcm reaching Ausiralia; the British consul's house was watched, though some what unnecessarily, for while the two war vessels were being fitted out the strictest injunctions were issued for the prohibit bition of clearances at the port; and the exact locality of the intended naval demonstration was kept a secret to the last German traders have iuterests in the New Hebrides as well as in other Islands, but Teutonic acquiescence had been secured by the obligation which Germany in the previous December had contracted towards the French Republic to abstain from interference with the French annexation of the Leeward TnifmfU, the Society group, and the New Hebrides. France, in spite of British protests, has kept the islands up to the present, and has had no difficulty in over bearing what has never been a very formidable opposition. It is to the hut-mentioned fact that the colonial representatives in London have chiefly addressed themselves. It has been charged against the Colonial Office that its successive heads have imperfectly instructed themselves as to the nature and history of Australia's claim, which has suffered from the manner in which they have presented it to the French Government. The demand of the colonies was for the simple observance of the treaty of 1878, and it is difficult to believe that if this had been fairly put in the firat place it would have aroused the irritation actually displayed. As it is, neither fair play nor temperateness of assertion has entered into French argu ments. The Temps, which has barne a conspicuous part in the controversy, not long since gave expression to the astonish- Ing doctrine that "the discussions at the beginning as to the exact legal merits of the dispute were both tedious and unnecessary, for in gnat questions like this legal consideration* dropped entirely out of eight, and people looked at the real merits of the case." That legal considerations might be an element in the real merits of the case seems hardly to hare occurred to the writer. In discussing the right of one nation to break a treaty concluded with another for maintaining the neutrality of territory in which both are interested, questions of international law should, it seems, be dropped entirely out of sight, and the case judged by comparing the uses to which the two parties would re spectively be most likely to put the terri tory if one of them got secure possession. The remarks of any French newspaper on the subject are of no great importance, except as they explain official action, and it is evident that the French Government have proceeded on the curious logic of the Temps. It has been one objection against the occupation of the New Hebrides by a foreign Power that in the event of war that Power would be provided with a strategical base from which to attack Aus tralian cities and commerce. A joint pro tectorate, suchasis proposed, wouldremove this Bource of possible danger; but It is well to remember that the impending arrangement, while it secures the neutrality of the Hebrides, leaves the recidiviste question unsettled. Oca cablegrams to-day announce another fall in the price of silver, which is nor down to 3a. 7§d. per ounce. How much lower it may go it is hard to sag, but there is little probability of a permanent material rise. The supply is keeping well up, there is no extraordinary demand, and there are no signs that the pur chasing power of gold will diminish, or, indeed, not continue to increase. Owing, to causes inherent in itself silver has fallen in value of late years very much more than have general commodities, and unless it receives an extraordinary Impetus upwards something will certainly have to be done, and that soon, .in con* nection with die British minting opera tions, and also to modify the coinage system of India. The effect of the present low price of silver upon the coinage may easily be ascertained. In 1870 the price paid at the Royal Mint for silver -was ss. Oid. per oz. Standard silver contains 18 dwt per oz. of alloy, and one pound weight of this is coined into 66 shilling*, so that at the date mentioned the profit or seigniorage of the mint was not compara tively great, being only about 8 per cent. But now that the mint can purchase silver at 3s. 7£d. per oz. a profit of over 50 per cent is made, mid tlipnTiiHing r^mta^inn l^gg than sixpence worth of silver reckoning on the basis of gold. Duringthe lastfew years the mint has coined about £750,000 worth of silver (atitsnonunal value)annuaUy, and the British Government have therefore netted a nice little sum from the fall in price. But the stock of British silver coin in circulation or locked up In frmir vaults cannot be worth less, nominally, than fifteen millions, and when it is considered that instead of being actually worth about £13,800,000, its value iti under £7,600,000, the matter weazs ? serious aspect. How the Indian difficulty will be got over it is hard to sea All sorts of remedies have been proposed, but none has stood the test of critical examination. *!r>f*<^i 1 of course, suffers considerably from tfaeJEtO owing to the enforced coinage of silver dollars, and *^*? immense stock in the State coffers. No problem in political economy s just now attracting more attention than the question of coinage, and it is not improbable that a radical change in the British system may be made before long. But whether the alteration bin the direction of bimetallism or the adop tion of a State unit of value, with which, the appreciation or depreciation of gold will not interfere, or an international scheme, it most have a temporary violent effect upon commerce, and this is pro bably the occasion of the great hesitancy, on the part of the British Government to deal with the subject The present low price of silver has no little effect upon the Broken Hill mines. Allowing for a weekly output of 25,000 oz. there is ? difference of no less than £24,000 par annum in the returns as compared with those only a short time ago, when silver was worth 4b. per oz. One of the most cheering signs of the recovery of thu colony bom the riflpmrniirwi through which it has lately passed is the fact of land valnes having increased and property being saleable. During the past week £400 per toot cash has been offered for 80 feet front ing King William-street and situated between Waymouth and Greofell streets. The offer was declined, the owner wanting £500 per foot. Some interest is beginning to be manifested in the elections of three members to fill the vacancies which occur in the liegislativ? Council through the xesumation of the ff?np. J. B-SpenceandW. D. Glyde. and the death of the late Hon. J. Crazier. Mr. P. B. CogUa has already announced his candidature for the Central district, and Mr. A. Hardy, the late member for Albert, is likely to come formud for the same district. The electors for the Central district will have the opportunity of selecting two representatives, whiLst the Noithem district will have to return one mem ber. For this district Mr. Jamas Malcom, of Wallaroo, notifies that he is a candidate. The vacancies cannot be fitted until the Xiegidativa Council meets and carries the necessary formal motions, tut probably these wSI be adopted on the opening day of the session, Thursday, Jane 2. The report of the Savings Rank of South Australia for April shows that during the month there were 314 new depositors at Ade laide, while 21 accounts were reopened. At 107 agencies there ware 235 new depositors, and 14 accounts reopened. The numbers -of accounts closed at Adelaide was 224, and at the agencies 102. The total number of de positors stands at 56,575. and the increase it? April was 258. The receipts front depositors at Adelaide were £46,543 14a. si, and at agencies £17.288 11b. 9d., or a total of £68.838 6s. 2d. The repayments to depositors at Ade laide were £52,689 2s. 7d, and at agendas £17,373 Ob. 64, or a total of £70,062 3a. ld^ There was thus a decrease of deposits amount ing to £6,22916*. lid. Our cablegrams today annrauce the death of Mr. James Grant, the well- known novelist, of whom "Men of the Times" says:—"He. was born at Edinburgh, August 1.1822. When only 10 yean old he sailed with bis father, who bad the command of a detachment of soldiers, for Newfoundland, and was several yean with the troops in America, his education being principally received in barracks. To thu mili tary training may be traced the style and cha racter of many of his works. Returning home in 1839 he was gazetted to an ensigncy in the 62nd Foot, joined the provisional bat talion ?fc chatham, and in 1840 had charge of the depot. He left the army soon afterw?rda, and devoted hi"l "^ to literature and the study of Scotch antiquities. His first work, "Tte Bomaneeof War; or Highlanders in Spain." was published in 1846, an additional volume appearing in 1817 with the secondary title of "Highlanders in Belgium." This work had an immediate suoceaa, and bat since been read with delight by thousands of sehoolbiya. During the next SO years Mr. Grant published a large number of novels, amonget which may be mentioned' Walter Fenton,' * Phillip Roll* or the Scottish Musketeers,' ? Legends of the Black Watch,' 'Only an Ensign,' *Daloe C? lyon.' Most of his works have been printed in tie United States; all have been translated, into German and Danish, and several into French. Mr. Grant has been a constant contributor cf memoirs to. the_ Dublin. University Magazine, the United Service Maga zine, &c; In Uecember, 1875, Mr. Grant, ab jured Protestantism, and wa? received into the Roman Catholic Chnrch by the Cardinal Arch bishop of Westminster." The annual session of the Angjinan Synod will be opened at St PeterVqathedtal on Tuesday morning, when Holy Communion will be celebrated. The bishop will deliver hi* animal addrees at the Church Office in tha> evening. On Friday, May 6, 386 oz. of gold wera received from the Anna Mine, Waakaringa, as the proceeds for the month of April. Vbb cold was on vies- duiing the afternoon in the window of Mr. E. Benda, King WUBwn. Etreet. The yield, for the month ot Match wuS7loz, We ate atked to direct attention to an advertisement which oontainslettera apparently written by Miss Edith O'Gorman soon after she left the convent in New Jersey. The dispute between Mbhhth. John Reid and Sons, of the Victoria Tannery, Hindmanh, And the curriers on strike, rdmaina unsettled, A special meeting of the members of the South Australian Public Teachen' Association was held on Saturday morning at the Grote street Model School. There was a very good uttmdaiiflf*. M!r, J. A. Plummer presided. Mr. Doherty gave an illustrative lesson on simple methods to be adopted in the teaching of grammar. He advocated at Borne length the advisableness of deviating from the time worn rules, and following simpler plans, whim he demonstrated to his hearers. At the con clusion of his remarks he was awarded a hearty vote of thanks. A well-attended muster of D Company took place on Fridayevening, May 6, at the Southern Cross Hotel, when the rifle club waa revived. Captain Roberts was appointed president, and Lieutenant Northmore vice-president; the other members of the committee, including a secretary and treasurer, being also elected. It was decided that the rifle club should join the National Rifle Association so as to be able to take part in the competition to be held under the auspices of that association in August. It was aUo decided that the last Saturday of the present month should be devoted to practising. The funeral of the late Rev. D. W. Hiddle- stone, pastor of Wellington-street Temple, Launceeton, Tasmania, took place on Friday afternoon. The remains of the deceased gentleman having been conveyed to the Car- rondown Baptist Church, Hindmarsh where a large number of people had assembled, a religious service was held. The Rev. S. Fairey gave a suitable address, and specially referred to the Christian work the late Mr. Hiddlestone had been engaged in, and the good that re- sulted from his ministrations. Subsequently the funeral cortege, headed by a brass band playing the Dead March in " Saul," proceeded to the Hindmarah Cemetery. A large number of people congregated at the grave. The second annual meeting of the Civil Ser vice Association was held on Friday, April 29, when the council for the mming year was ap pointed as follows:—President, Mr. O. Todd, M.A., C.M.G. (Postmaster-General and Super intendent of Telegraph*): vice-presidents. Mr. J. G. Russell (Commissioner of Taxes) and Mr, E. G. Blackmore. M. A. (Clerk of tile Honse of Assembly); honorary treasurer, Mr. P. WhitEDgton (Audit Office); honorary secre taries. Messrs. Thos. Gill (Treasury) and J. G. Ashton (Hydraulic Engineer's Department); members of the council, Messrs. J. A. Hartley, 8.A., B.S& (Inspector-General of Schools). W, Strawbridge (Deputy Surveyor-General), T. F. Wickstee7(Credit Lands), A. Searcy (H.M. Customs), G. H. Aylifie (Central Board of Health), and A. S. Fotheringham (Lands Messrs. B. A, Moulden and A. D. Handy side, members for the district of Albert, have -tailed upon us with reference to a paragraph which appeared in Saturday's- issue. They desire pa to state thai at the deputation to the Commissioner of Crown Lands on Monday last they did not advocate the abolition of the personal residence clause as stated in the para graph, their object being to call die attention of the Commi?sioner to the case of Mr. Butler, a lessee under the Act of 18S4, who but for the alteration effected by the Crown Landa Con solidation Act of XBS6 would have been entitled to take up 3,000 acres of second-clan land, the residence on the leased first-claaa land being considered as constituting residence on the whole. They have no desire to abolish or interfere with the personal residence clauses of the Act. Despite repeated warnings, writes ourGawler correspondent, boys will still play carelessly with gunpowder, and frequent accidents are the result. On Friday evening, May 6, some trig bojs were playing under the South Para bridse, Gawler, with a quantity of gunpowder in a stone bottle, and were pretending to make a bomb or an infernal machine of it. They bad dropped some fire into it, but as it did not go off t&ey; gave it to a lad named Faster, aboutByearsoid, sonof thelaodlordof the Globe Hotel, to shake. No sooner had be commenced to shake it than the powder exploded, flying np in bis face, burning his hair, and making his flesh as black as a coal. The little fellow was at once carried home, and Dr. Schmidt was sent foe. The boy's face is very much swollen, and it is impowrihle to tell whether or not his eight is destroyed. Despite the bad times, remarks the Mount Sorter Courier of May 6, there is still a con siderable amount of money extant in tile south. One day this week Mr. John Paltridge took £5,000 m hard each from sixteen or seventeen residents of Naime and its neighborhood in respect to the last payment of rent on the well known SmiHie estate properties, and for in stalments of purchase-money due on the same land. For very many years Messrs. yon Txener and Boothby have come up at intervals of six months for the purpose of collecting their rents, and a dinner has on these occasions been, given to the tenants. Hie old regime is now at an end, and the lands are the freeholds of those who occupy them. If a suitable opening offers, it is probable that all tile money received this week, together with the future instalments of purchase-money, will be invested in the colony. The following account of a sermon by telephone is given by a correspondent of the Christian Weddg of May 6:—"lt rained nearly all Sunday afternoon at Cradock and 'Wilson, and in consequence the Rev. H. C. George was not able to go to Wilson to preach, but lie offered to give the statioamaster the outline of his eermon by telephone. The offer was accepted, the line worked splendidly, and the sermon was heard as distinctly as if it had been listened to from the pulpit. For 15 minutes Mr. George occu pied the telephone, and waa listened to with much pleasure aa he diaoourapid on the text, *Be ye perfect, even as your Father which is in heaven ia perfect.' In having a minister so determined to deliver bis message, and so fertile m devising a method, and also in having the advantage of a telephone—and such a tele phone—the iwii?tMt?it? of Wilson an to be €oju2£atulated. n A day or two ago we published particulars of the suicide of a domestic servant named Mary Paynter, who poisoned herself on ac count of being enciente. It could not be ascer tained bow she obtained the poison. There ia a remarkable similarity between this and the following; care recorded in the London Standard of March 16:—The SouHi Staffordshire coroner resumed the enquiry yesterday respecting the death of Sarah Painter, a domestic servant who had been found poisoned. Medical evidence showed that the deceased had been poisoned by cyanide ofjpotasaium. She was near her confinement. Tne polioe stated that the deceased had no acquaintance, and no in formation could be obtained where the poison was purchased. The coroner said the evidence waa far from satisfactory. The jury returned a verdict of suicide, and directed the pjlice to make further enquiries respecting the poison. Mr. Joshua Femee, of Echunga,'informs the Mount Barker Courier that during tile last few years he has seen over 200 families pasa through Etshunga on their way to Victoria. Last week three Jairiiiwi went by with teams, household goods, and probably each having enough money to start in their new home. It ia true that the main road for Wellington runs through Schunga, but this ia by no means the only route from the northern and western parts of this colony to the Victorian border. Great pains are taken by the authorities to find out the number of arrivals and departures by sea. It is anomalous, therefore, that no attempt should be made to approximate the number of those who go and come across the desert. There would be small difficulty in arriving pretty closely at the extent of loss by the emigration of the dan of colonists mentioned by Mr. Fernee. The trouble ia that it ia only those with a little ready cash who clear out. The needy and the lazy stop at home to be a burden on their more patriotic neighbors. On Saturday morning the city coroner (Mr. T. Ward) held an enquiry at the Elephant and Castle Hotel into the circumstances attending the death of Thomas Young, who died sud denly at Mr. L?wton'a lodging-house. North terrace, on the previous morning. The evi dence taken ehowed that Young, who was a single man 40 years of age, had been lodging with Mr. Lawton for the past two months. Recently he had complained of a lump on hu chest, which he attributed to indigestion, and on Thursday he was so unwell that he waa advised to ccc a doctor. On Friday morning *f* aTft.* B£ dS BB(d ki?*l'. b"t didliot attend the breakfatt table, and at about 9 o'clock a female lodger in the house beard him groaning in his room and re ported tne matter to Mr. Lawton, who, ou entering the deceased's apartment, found him on hia xneea in a stooping position and per fectly insensible. With the assistance of another lodger Mr. Lawton placed Young in a sitting posture, and he remained thus until his death, which occurred shortly afterwards. Drs. Phillips and Poulton had been sent for, but the unfortunate man expired before their arrival. Dr. Poulton subsequently made a poat-moitem examination of the body, and found that death was due to disease of the peart acd a large deposit of fluid on each lung. A verdict was returned in accordance with the medical testimony. The secretary of the Marine Board has pre pared a return showing that during tile quarter ending on March 31 three shipping casualties occurred o& the South Australian "?* The vessels were the Euphrates, Kebroyd, and Palmemton. The four-masted bwqTO Enphrate?, L 642 tons, stranded on Charfotte Pouit on the north-coast of South ? "^T? S ll Febtai uly I*. bob was afterwards floated and proceeded to Calcutta. The crew consisted of 30 men, and the vessel was in the charge of Captain Cameron. No lives were lost, nor waa any cargo damaged, and the amount of injury to the vessel is unknown. The enquiry into the matter was referred to the Board of Trade. The barque Kebroyd, 363 tons, under the com mand of Captain Healop, sprang a leak, and was beached in Anxious Bay, on the south-west coast, on February 15. The vessel was after wards floated, the damagedone being estimated at £1,000, and the loss of cargo at £500. None of the crew, 10 in number, were lost. The decision of the board of enquiry upon the casualty was that no blame was attributable to the master. The insurance was £1,100 on the vessel and £5.000 on the cargo. The steamer Palmerston, 274 tons, under Captain Wells, stranded on the Secret Bock, Spencer Gulf, on February 19, and was afterwards floated and repaired. The injury to the vessel was estimated at £3,000, and die loss of cargo at £1,200. No lives were lost The amount of insurance on the vessel was £5.000, and on the cargo nil. The master's certificate was sus pended for three months. The following particulars of the doings of a Parisian swindler are furnished by our Paris correspondent, who, writing on April 2, says : —"Oomte de la Grandiere belonged to the Marines, from which he deserted and was punished; next be turned swindler, and made money for a time. He posed as a member of fashionable society, and in that character went to view all the first-class furnished apartments in Paris which were to be let, managing while looking at the rooms to eecore some valuable article as a touvenir. He got round a baron and agreed to take over his rooms for 25,000 francs a year. After verbally accepting con ditions he and the baron swore an eternal friendship, and the former lent the count 150 francs out of his pocketbookstuffed with bankT notes. The baron also invited him to stay the night in his apartments. In B??? morning, just as the baron was getting up, the comte came to take leave. Hie wanted to give his notary in structions to prepare the lease and to pay rent in advance. 'Bythe-by, baron, does jour bath work well?' he asked. 1 Capitally, dear oomte, come and see,' was the reply. Both entered the bathroom, the baron undressed and jumped into his zinc tub, the comte went to his clothes, snatched the pocket-book, and bolted, not forgetting to lock the door. The baron escaped by another exit, and, naked and dripping, gave chase. The count screamed * Murder! MWlirmn baron was stopped by his own servants as a lunatic. The more he struggled to get to the street the more firmly be was held. By the time he had managed to inform his servants of the true state of the case the comte was no where. After the money had been all spent the comte returned the empty pocket-book to its owner. This supplied a clue; the comte was arrested while in the act of writing religious letters soliciting assistance as a persecuted convert and was eventually sen tenced to five years' imprisonment." The half-yearly meeting of the Hindmush Permanent Building Society was held in Central Chambers, Hindmarah, on Friday evening. There was a small attendance, and Mr. Joseph Aahton presided. The balance sheet for the half-year ending March 31 waa presented. It showed on the debtor side- To balance, £656 3*. Sd.; contributions, £3,593 19a. 6d.; do. loans, &c;, £166 19*.; deposit re ceived, £100; deposit repaid, £300; insurauoe premiums. £16 Is. Bd.; rent on shares, £1,300 14s. 6d.; do. on loans. £1012 c 2d.; interest on deposit, £48; fines, £3 17s. 6d.; transfers, £3 10s. 6d.; entrance fees, £8 65.; rules and sun dries. £1 7s. Bd.; total, £6,249 Us. 2d. Ex penditure—By 65$ shares paid out, £3,275; loans, £180 ; matured shares, £1,623195.; with drawn shares, £730 17s. 6d.; insurance pre miums, £24 2a. Sd.; property expenses, £1 6s. 5d.; other items, £142 9a. 7d.; balance in bank, £261 IGa. 6d. ; total, £6.219 lls. 2dL The profit and loss account Bhowed —To half - year's expenses, £148 9s. 7d.: interest on deposit, £3; profits allotted since last balance, £30 12s. 7JI; 114 th part special expenses, £7 18s. lid.; sundries, £7 Bs. 9d.; balance net profit. £1,299 6a. 6Jd.; total, £1,490165.& id. On the other aide the figures were—By rent, fines, &&, £1,386 7s. 4d.; undivided balance last year, £4 la. 10§d.; profits forfeited on re- | deemed and withdrawn shares. £94 7a. BW.; sundries, £5195. 6Jd.; total, £1,490 16*. s*i. The profits on shares 61 years old were £14 15s. 2Jd.. and for the last half-year £1 17s. lid.; on share six months old 2s. lid, leaving an undivided balance of £9 7s. 2Jd. There were 669 shares paying rent, and 786 invested. The chairman said the society had by com parison with H?^r??H societies maintained its position, and the profit* had bees fairly up to those of previous years, although a little less than those of the previous half-year. Tne balance-sheet was adopted. The monthly meeting of the board of management of the Adelaide Children's Hospital waa held on May 5, when there were present his Honor Chief Justice Way (in the chair). Lady Morgan, Mesdames Uamp bell. Cotton, Hart, Simmons, WtHtinson, and Wright Da. Campbell, Curbs, and London, Alderman Kither, Meters. labister, L (Mr. EL Mildred) read the <"?"?"?! state men^ showing receipts (including Govern ment grant of £1,000) amounting to £1,100 s*. 7d.; payments. £162 18s. 2d. Toe house amgeon (Dr. A. P. Vaughan) reported:— Admitted, 17; discharged, 16. Of those dis charged there were cured, 12; relieved, 4; deaths, 2; causes of death, empyema and gastro enteritis ; average number during the month, 362; present number. 38; operations, 2. The secretary (Mr. Walter Howchin) re ported 297 attfndancei at the out dis pensary, intending 101 new caws. Pro bationer nurse, Kate K. Bidmeart, having passed a satisfactory examination, the board on the recommendation of the hon. medical examiner*, awarded her a certificate of the first order of merit. The resident medical officer (Dr. A. P. Vaughan) having forwarded his resignation, the following minute on the motion of the chairman, seconded by Dr, Lendon, was unanimously carried :—" The board of management of the Adelaide Children's Hospital desire to express to Dr. Vaugban their appreciation of the able and skilful mtwi" in which he has performed tie duties of house surgeon to the institution for a period of two years, and their regret in losing his valuable services." Suitable I arrangements were taken to provide a suc cessor to Dr. Vaughan. The secretary read a list of presents, which was thankfully acknowledged, as follows:—Mrs Haunay, six nightdresses for patients; Miss Finch, dolls; Miss Hussey, Mrs. Colton, and Mr. A, Grinley, fruit; Mrs. G. C. Shierlaw, six jackets for inmates. The secretary has csoa received £6 3s. Id. as a donation from "Park side friendt." The annual meeting of the S.A. Gardeners Society was held in Register Chambers, Grenfell-street, on Saturday evening. His Honor Chief Justice Way occupied the chair. There was a large attendance. Toe following gentlemen were nominated to fill the various offices of the society:—President, his Honor Chief Justice Way; vice-presidents, Messrs. G. liaughton, W. Lewi*, and J. F. Pascoe; financial secretary, Me Peacock; honorary secretary, Mr. Scarfe; librarian, Mr. Beggs; committee—Messrs. C. Evans, E. Smith, P. Somervillp, A. Macdonald, Oallen, J. Curnow, G. Laughton, W. Lewis, and J. F. Pascoe. It was decided that the annual dinner should be held in June, Messrs. E. Smith, Calf, Pea cock, and Laughton to be a committee to make all necessary arrangements. Messrs. E. Smith and G. Laughton showed a number of good chrysanthemum cuts. Mr. J. F. Paaooe ex hibited several fine cut flowers of various sorts. Mr. L. C. E. Gee showed 30 varieties of chry santhemums grown in the open air. Mr. W. Lewis brought several good varieties of apples and pears. Some discussion ensued about the sending of fruit to England, in the course of which it was stated by Mr. Pascoe that the ezpr&ce; of carrying fruit to England was 7s. Gd. to Bs. a case if kept in a cool room, and 2?. a case lees if taken as ordinary cargo. From 12s. to 13a. per case should be realised if ex penses were to be paid. Pears, such as those sent home, should fetch from 16s, to 22a. a caee in the old country. Apples should realise from 12*. to 25a. a caae there. Mr. Pascoe spoke in very strong terms respecting the exac tions of the middlemen. Mr. Curnow expressed the opinion that until there was an agency in England to attend to the sales of the fruit and wine cent by South Australian exporters euccees would not result. The chairman thought that the English agent should be a specialist. It was decided that the directors of the Botanic Gardens of Melbourne, Sydney, Bi it bane, Hobart, aod Adelaide should be asked to attend the annual dinner of the society. After some general discussion the meeticg doted. A correspondent of the Port Augusta, Da patch writing from Carrieton on May 4, saya : I —'?LaBtnightM.C.Sbe?og visited the haunted house in occupation of Mr. C. Homdorf, near Yanyanie. Shortly after his arrival there M.C. Thomas with Mr. Baker, of Hammond, happened to drop in also, for the purpose of investigating the mystery. After some sensa tional anecdotes about bis ghostship, tfce light was put out, and within a few minutes a rapping was heard on tie slate floor. The visitors were in formed by Mr. Hamdorf and friends that if a light was struck, or they went too close to a certain little girl, the noise would cease. M.C. Shegog went to the spot where the rapping was heard, stooped down, and putting bis band out felt a foot tapping on the floor. The noise immediately ceased, and recom menced on a little box upon which the girl before mentioned was bitting. M.C. Shegog then went to the box and took hold of the little girl's hands, and the knocking Mopped again. Mr. Hamdorf remarked that the spirit wanted a rest, and a light was struck. After a little conversation the room was again darkened. M.O. Shegog then crouched down in a dark comer of file room opposite the window, before which was a white Wind, and it feeing a bright moonlight night, he could easily distinguish any object between him and it. He saw a boy who lives with the Hamdorfs move his hands about, ?a if pulling a string, and as he expected the rapping at once commenced, and kept fame with the motions of the boy's hand. M.C. Thomas then asked some questions, but received no answer, though the rapping continued steadily. M.C. Shegog got up to go towards the boy, when the rapping oeased, and the boy moved nearer tile chimney. The visitors then went outside, and after a short consultation the rapping recommenced, and M.C. Shegog on going inside was ~ requested not to go near the box upon which the little girl was sitting, as the spirit was rapping loud on the bottom of the box and he might disturb it; but he crept quietly up, and put his hand between the box and the girl's heel, the result being several kicks on the hand. The knocking then commenced on the top of the box, and on putting his hand where the sound was, he received three raps from tile girl's knuckles. The knocking then ceased, and did not commence again until M.C. Shegog wag heard to speak in the middleof the room. Mr. Hamdorf asked if the spirit was getting tired, and was answered in the affirmative by three faint knocks, The visitors then left, pretending to think it was a great mystery, but satisfied that it was a mrcat fraud." A meeting of the committee of the Blind and Deaf and Dumb Asylum was held at the office of the Hon. John Colton, Waymonth etreet, on Friday, May 6, when there were present Mr. James Scott (vice-president) in the chair, Sir William Mime, the Hon. John Colton (president), Mr. G. W. Hawkes, S.M. (treasurer), Messrs. J. H. Angaa, Wilham Kay, J. Fisher, J. Hodgkiss, Alder man Kither, David Nock, and the secretary (Mr. Roffe Searcy). The Mayor of Adelaide (Mr. E. T. Smith, M.P.) was unavoidably absent. A report of the fourteenth meeting of the ladies' committee was adopted. The institution waa visited by Mrs. Sauerbier and Mrs. Townsend on April 21, when everything was found to be satisfactory. The superin tendent reported that Miss Green (teacher of music and singing to the blind) began her dntks on April 30. The Hon. John Colton reported favorably of an inspection of the establishment, and said the inmates exhibited signs of happiness and contentment. Messrs. Gibbs, Bright, & Co. wrote enclosing invoice fcr £2 6s. 4d., being co?t of "Professor Currier's ear-tube," which they had imported from New York to the order of the institution, and requested the committee to accept the amount as a subscription in aid of the funds. It waa unanimously resolved that Messrs. Gibbs, Bright, & Co. should be thanked for their kindness in importing the tube, aa well as fcr their donation. Toe present number of inmates ia 44, and five former inmates who are still under the care of this committee ate at the Industrial School for the Blind, North Adelaide. Messrs. Jamea Soott and D. Nock stioke highly of the internal arrangements of the institution. The superintendent reported that he had received through Messrs. Uibbs, Bright, & Co., from New York, "Currier's conico cylindrical duplex ear-tube No. 2," which is an ingeniously constructed instrument, and will be of great benefit to some of tile deaf-mute pupils, besides assisting them greatly in instructing them in articulation. The secretary reported that since the last meet ing £7175. Id. had been received as subscrip tions and donations, and £710s. on account of maintenance of some of the inmates. The bank balance waa £57 o*. Id. Account! passed for payment amounted to £172 10a. 2d., in which is included the cost of maintenance of j five ycung persons (three males and two female*) who are at present in the Industrial I School for the Blind, North Adelaide, where they are being instructed in basket and brash leaking, &c; We have received 16a. from the Dutton Band of Hope for the liulli relief fund. Advices bom Bangkok, Saigon, report that telegraphic interruptions have occurred ainoe April 29. A general order issued from the Military SUff Office state that Captain G. Howell, of the Unley. Goodwood, and Parkaide Company, City Battalion Volunteer Force, has been temporarily transferred to the unattached liat. The members of the Philharmonic Society meet to-night in the Town Hall banquet room to commence rehearsing Mendelssohn's *' Hymn of PraUe," which ia to be given about the end of June. A fair number of new mem bers have been enrolled, and several others have applied for membership. Few works are co fatnnrt^pg aa the one now in hand t though two or three of the choruses are very difficult. Lovers of skating will be pleased to learn that owing to the enterprise of Mr. Bastard a rink ia in course of preparation at the City Baths. When completed it will be called the AdelaideSkatine?mk, and will measure 117 feet by 36 feet. /The nnk. which ia buQt so as to cover the Urge bath and embrace all avail able spac*. ia of solid oonatruotion, and con sists of 9 inch by 3-inch beams resting on strong jarrah uprights with jarrah joists. The whole atructarenaa a solid look about it that should if mure the most timid. Its opening will take place on Friday evening next. A change of programme was presented by Cunard'a Specialty Company at Garner^ Rooms on Saturday evening. In tile first por tion, which waa made up of the recog nised nigger minstrel business and aonga, Miss Ada Maitland contributed a very pretty ballad called "Sweet Birds,"for which abe waa encored, and Miss Ada Clements gave the well-known song "Papa's baby boy" in a rJ?"?"g manner. The corner men delivered themselves of some joke*, some of which were old, but on the other band they alwaya manage to find acme new witticisms, and the finale was the very funny " Jubilee sisters," which caused much laughter. Messrs. French and Angelo opened the second part of the pro gramme with a clever performance on the double trapeze, and were followed by a pantomime extravaganza entitled "The Fairy Queen, or the Czar's Revenge." There was vtry little of the pantomime abtmt thia, bat a good opportunity waa afforded the company to display ' their vocal powers and graceful dancing. Mr. H. Cowan gave a taking aong, { "Ia it Bkely," and Mr. F. Glenville, who waa in fine voice, sang "Oh, my courage/* for which be waa recalled. Miia Daisy Faust waa introduced in a maeher song, "Oh, I say," and the little girl seemed to please her audience very much. She also with Mus Rode Fautt ' appeared in aSpaniah dance, thegraoeful actions of the young performen bang applauded. Two I'd, membera sang a pretty duet, called " When the ahip comes in." The harlequinade enabled Mr. Ted Faust and Mr. R. Faust to exhibit their powers in the tumbling line. With the limited scenery at command the pantomime could not be staged in so complete a manner as aight be desired, but altogether a very pleasant couple of hours may be spent with Cunard'a company. A similar psrfor mance will be given to night. Mies Edith O'Gorman delivered another lecture at the Town Hall on Saturday evening. There waa a small attendance in the front part of the hall, but the back seats were well filled. " The escaped nun" ?pened her addreta, which laeted over two hours, with a very unflattering account of the morals and religion of adherenta of tile Roman Catholic Church. Turning her story into the third person, she gave an emotional relation of her entry into a convent in Hew Jersey, where ahe remained for six years; of her flight therefrom on account of the improper attempt of a priest who waa con nected with the establishment. A detailed account waa given of the efforts made by tile ex-nun to obtain justice, of the obstacles thrown in her way by the authorities of the church, and finally of how she applied to the law, and by the assistance of two Boston lawyers got the rev. father whom she accused convicted and sent to prison. The lecturesa stated that since then the Romish Church had maintained against her for 17 years a constant warfare by means of cowardly slanders of all sorts, varied by attempts at assassination. While lectoriug in San Francisco in 1872 ahe and her husband were denounced in a local Catholic journal as notoriously bad characters from Melbourne. This resulted in an action for libel brought by the lecturees and her husband against a firm of "private detectives," who were responsible for the statement in the paper, and who, accord ing to Mies O'Gorman, were acting under the direction of the Jesuit College of Son Francisco. The trial occupied several days in the Police Court, and the result was a complete victory for the plaintiffs, the two detectives being committed for per jury, and bailed out by the president of the Jesuit College. On of them made his escape, and the other was found guilty on his own confession, and punished. This story, which was told in an effective manner, and sustained by the reading of what were stated to be extract* from Guliforoian journals, was received with much applause. The lectureas then dealt with attacks upon her appearing in the Catltolie Monthly and the Lantern of this city, making quo tattoos from American papers in refutation of their statements. With regard to criticisms in the Advertiser the denied that she con demned all Catholics; many were better than their religion; it wia their system of eecrecy which Ehe condemned. In Pro testantism all was opsn to the daylight, but the Catholic Church tolerated conventualism and tile confessional. She concluded by advocating the necessity of having the coo vents in the colonies thrown open to public in spection. A masquerade ball is to be held at the National Betel this evening. Canon Green will deliver his lecture *? Piccaninnies'' at tiie Parkaide Misaiou-ioom thia evening. Tea and public meetings in connection witn the Mtdindle Congregational Church are to be held this evening. Mr. A. W. Dobbie will deliver a lecture on "Mej. mcrifm and Clairvoyance," with experiments, at the Oddfellows' Hall, Port Adelaide, this evening, in oon nectioo with the local branch o! the Ualedoaiau Society. 