Camperdown Chronicle. WEDNESDAY, JULY 20, 1887. TnE cause of the Stye crofters, which has been, so warmly espoused by Mrs. Gokdox Baillie, is referred to elsfr where by an esteemed' correspondent. To thoroughly comprehend the reason for the letter it is necessary to state a few facts which may be known to the majority of oar readers; bat of which some persons may be ignorant The position of the crofters has been lately explained by Mrs. Gordon Baillie to a representative of the Daily Telegraph. "They have rented land for genera "tions," said she. "Sixty acres was " their holding originally. It has come "down to five—five acres of hard, " barren land which will grow nothing. "I soon learnt all about them, and " what impressed me more than any " thing else vras the story of an eviction ** which had taken place the day before .'Tarrived. . .* . I must explain, "first of all, that tbecrofters have to "go to Peterbead for six or seven " months in the year- to earn their "living. This is because their hold " ings will no longer support them at "home. By hard toil they succeed in " getting together by fishing from £40 "to £50. At home their wives are "struggling to keep their families to "gether. And let me tell yon that if "they only go to gather up the sea " "weed that is thrown np by the waves, " they are liable to be imprisoned at " once. All they have to live on is, "perhaps,* little oatmeal. As for "beef, they never see it from one year's "end to the other; and with mutton "it is jnst the same. The husband, of "course, while away has to provide " for himself, buy his tackle, clothing, "and so on, and Jie returns home at "the end .of the fishery with £25 or " £30." Here is a brief, yet explicit, statement of the present position of these unfortunate people. Mts-Gobdox Baillie is herself a landowner in the Highlands of Scotland, and she speaks with a fall knowledge of the subject. Sim has advocated in Great Britain the cause of the crofters with greatwarmth, and her defence of them in the troubles of 1884 gnve her an almost world-wide fame. This intrepid lady has had occasion to visit, Australia, and since her arrival she has been casting about for at suitablo place in which tO Settle a colony of these Skye crofters. New Zealand was first tried, but it was not considered snitahle for the purpose, and Mrs. Oordox B.uuje then came to Victoria, and fixed on a spot in the extreme south of the colony, at Corner Inlet. She has already applied to the Government for permission to select; but, strange to say," there are now I several other applicants for the same, land, though, up till now, it was con sidered almost worthless. The chief idea in founding the colony at Corner Inlet is to enable the crofters to follow the occupation to which they have been acenstomed from their infancy— that of fishermen. Residents of town and country hitherto have been im pressed with the idea that there were good openings in the colony for men of that . occupation. In Mel bourne fish are not as: plentiful as one might expect, and- eatable fish of any kind'are said to be expensive. As for the country towns it is im possible to obtain a regular supply of fish unless at exorbitant prices. Any scheme that would improve the fish supply would be gladly welcomed in country districts. ■ People soon tire of a diet that is without variety. ICow, Mrs. Gordon Baiixle proposes to bring out about 400 people, including heads .of families and /their sons, and she promises, as one of the results, fish in such abundance that tha people of Vic toria will be astonished. "Yon know very well" said she " that the people in the busk never get anything but meat until they are heartily sick of it. They would give anything for it, and we will shotr-them how they can have it." ; She then explained that there was a Danish process, known to the crofters by which fish can be dipped, 4c, and taken out three months later as fresh as when caught. " By this pro* cess a 31b. tiu "could be made up and sold iocJid,. leaving to. the. fishermen a handsome profit. The statement of these few factsrwill surely show that the application deserves most favor able consideration. It is only natural, however, to expect opposi tion on the score of interference with " existing rights," hence it is we find the Queenscliff fishermen inarms to resist this wholesale immigration. .The crofters are not to come out as paupers. They will occupy the land they require, about 50 acres each, on thfe usual, conditions, and more cannot be asked from them. Tney will pay their own passages out if required. It might also be pointed out that if, as the Queenscliff fisherman allege, there is no opening for them, there are other branches of labor throughout the colony in which they might obtain employment. There is room sufficient in this colouy for a considerable portion of the superabundant popula tion of the motherland, and when the opportunity is given, it would be the extreme of selfishness to denv these people the right to settle here. ""Where they now are, starvation fares them j daily ; whilst iu Victoria their labor would be suitably recompensed. They do not want charity from us. They are, as their warm hearted champion says, most industrious and hardwork nfcaadittheycaaawttVj villbt a benefit to the colony. It is to be hoped that in dealing with Mrs. Gordon Uaillie's application, the Government will not allow themselves to be influenced in the slightest by selfish and mercenary considerations. Neither should they have retard to-applications which have., been made for the same land from-people who seek to mak« money out of it at the expense of the State. The land in the neighborhood wag considered •■ practically * worthless until' Mrsl Gordox Bailor by her, application;:placed,a value .upon it, and in view of that fact, her claim is entitled to at least the most favorable consideration.,. . . ,•-., . < The feeling against the employment of Chinese labor in the Australian colonies seems to be gaining in strength. In Melbourne the labor unions are organising their forces to resist by all lawful means,'the further introduction of the Mongolians. It' is stated that as one. of the "results of Chinese labor, the furniture industry has been almost rained as far as Europeans are con cerned. ■ The main objections to theni as citizens are that they are injurious to the moral, -.social, and trading interests of t the country. The Chinese are, undoubtedly, a growing evil in the large cities where their neglect of the most necessary sanitary laws is a stand ing menace to the population generally. It might be possible, of coarse, to remedy this defect by a rigid enforcement of all the provisions of .the Health Act. It seems strange that in the metropolis, for example, where the Central Board of Health appears to exercise strict super vision over all Europeans, the Chinese quarter of the city is practically ig nored. The description given in one of the Melbourne dailies recently of a visit to some dens in Little Bourke street might apply to some .'wretched hovels in an Eastern city; bat it is scarcely credible that such a state of things should be tolerated in Mel bourne. If the health officers were to look after the Chinese more than they seem to have been doing in the past, and compel them to obey the laws relating to the public health, one objection to their presence might be easily removed. There is no doubt that European labor cannot compete at present with Chinese labor in certain directions. A Mongolian could Jive, for a week on whatjit would to cost to maintain an European for a day,' ind he is there fore satisfied with the lowest wages.- This has been shown to be spe cially true in connection with the furniture, trade, and. doubtless other trades have similar grounds of complaint. Socially, theChiueseappear to make most undesirable colonists, and the objections taken to them on this ground are decidedly weighty. The anti- Chinese movement -s progressing in the adjacent colonies as well as in Victoria. An open-air -was held in Brisbane the other evening, at which resolutions were "unanimously adopted protesting against the further influx of the Chinese into the Australian colonies, and recommending the forma tion of an anti-Chinese league. It was further recommended that an effort should be made to obtain a poll-tax of not less than £100, and an annual tax of not less than £10 upon all Chinese in the colony. It is evident that the question is regarded as~all-important by a large section of th« community, and a" movement will: no-doubt be made to stem the tide of emigration which has set in to these shores from the Flowery Land. "Whether or not the proposal to prevent it. by adopting an almost prohibitive poll-tax will have the de sired effect remains to be seen. 