TEUTON IC EMIGRANTS. (n 5scLE IO TaELORAPH.) HOB3ART, July 8. Whq Premier to~day received' a deputa tion of'Teatonic colonists, introduced by Mt. John Hamilton, HM.H.A., who ex plained that they had a grievance, bo 'cauao in the Government immigration scheme no consideration was shown towards them. They( the Germans, Danes, etc.),were jealous of their good reputation, and being satisfied with the progress they had made in! Tasmania, were desirous that other relatives in theFatherland should join them in, their new homes.. Their object in meeting the Minister was to ask that, if any money were set apart for immigration purposes, they (the Teutons) should re ceive the same consideration as any other nationality. ,Herr Von Buck then inter pr ted the remarks of members, as fol low: Mr. John Kallfill stated a .resolution adopted at a recent meeting of German colonists and others, as follows:-That if Parliament votes any money for assisting fribnds and former fellow-wvrkers in the field :or farm,, at home, to come out. and join? the recent arrivals, we German , and .Danish, . etc., settlers, whole have done our. fair, sphare., to wieids the development of this colony and coistider ourselves, certainly no less Ta's menians than any that may have come from the United Kingdom or other ports of ?he world to join the ranks of Tasmlanian colpnists, respectfully suggest that we ,-suld have an equal share with the frt~s born or native colonists, r. '. Klug suggested that such a long 'tita having elapsed for want of fugds availablo, since many of the Germans, Doaes, etc., had, purported, to bring out certain friends 6of the same working class as tlhemselves,,;. they would respectfully submit, in case the persons nominated have me nwhile .emigrated to ansotheor country, or tare prevented for some other reason from availing: themselves'.of the nomina tions, that their assisted passages, if any, should be made transferable to some other forier neighbour or friend of equal qualifi cations, under:proper supervision' at home on behalf of this Government, so as to keep up .the: standard-which immigration from their Fatherland had hitherto enjoyed in this colony. Mr: A, Jager remarked that the. recent arr va)s not being able to speak or, write pglih fluently yet, should be allowed pro fcm to .ddross Government about their hishes or requirements, when needful,in their native Iknguage, Danish, Swedish, or German, after the same method as adopted abroad, with regard, to English and other foreigners.. He pointed out that einigra tion from the widely different provinces of the Continent was essentially in the "com muhities'; settlement"" style, embracing small farming,' orcharding, fishing, fish curing, etc. The Premier, replying, paid a very high coetpliment to the German and kindred immigrants who had settled here, and said their arrival in the colony. was a welcome eveht. He hoped their settlement in Tas mania had proved as' satisfactory to them selves as it was beneficial to the colony. He o referred.. eulogistically to what thoy had accpilphshed at Bismarck, St.; Maryrs, Buniq, and elsewhere, and to their capabilities and re epecthbility as tradesmen, citizens, and settlers. He regarded them .not as mem bar of any 'different nationality, but as really Tasmanians--(hear, hear)-and begged them at sonce to dismiss any idea that ,there was any distinction of nation ality. (Hear,' hear.) Therefore. any pritileges that the British enjoyed in this community the Teuton colonists were fully entitled to. He hoped .they had no real grievance, or if they had that it would be at once removed. If in the coming session the, Government proposed. to continue assisted immigration, it certainly woulldnot be to the exolusion.of families and friends of Germane or other nationalities who had sottled in our midst. In the present con dition of the, colony, however, Ministers thought they had been going a little too fast. They did not want another batch of Germans or Englishmen to follow too rapidly on the backs of those who had pre ceded them during the past two or three years. They wanted to see those already settled here thoroughly well employed at good wages before introducing a further number. The community was, not in the thriving condition they would like . it to be in, but , Ministers by. watching the tone of the labour- market would be able to. see when '· ; thore Rwas 6opening for morn immigrants, and-when that time came there would be no distinction of nationalities so far as the Government were concerned. If any of the deputation had relatives, or wives, or sweethearts, at home whom they had left behind with a kind of half promise that they would be speedily sent for by getting a nomination ticket from Government, they had only to establish their case-and and they had a very portinacious agent in Mr. Buck- and the Government would re gard it as a breach of faith not to assist them. During the coming session there would be a small sum put on. the estimates for the nominee system of' immigration, and it would be avi ilablo simply for the purpose 'of mecting Fnuch cases a hbe lnad alluded to. It would accordingly be their own fault if they had left friends at home and did not get them out under this system. hir. Fysh again complimented the Teutonie immigrants, and the deputa tion withdrew. 