' j GERMAN IMMfflR4TH>N. " JI ? ! DEPUTATIONS TO THE PREMIER. I A deputation, consisting of Messrs. J. Kalbfell, G. ' Klug, A. Jager, Schone, Koerbin, Roinotsch, and Salir waited on the Premier at noon yesterday with reference to German immigration to Tasmania. . j Mr. J, HAMILTON,,M.H.A., who introduced the deputation, said they had been made to understand that in the Government immigration scheme no consideration had been given to German colonists, and they had explained to him that they were very jealous of their-reputation','and were very proud of their advancement here. Those among them who had left relations behind were naturally'anxious'that they should join them in their, new, home in Tasmania, and if the Government intended to set aside any money, for assisted immigration the German settlers desired to receive the same consideration at their hands that English or any other nationality would do. Mr. J. KALBFELL said the members of the deputation had been informed that no German immigration would be allowed. If the Government did not vote any money for immigration they would ask for nothing at all, but if any money was voted the Germans who had settled in Tasmania thought they had the same right as anybody else to participate in the benefits arising from its expenditure, and they had relatives at home who would be glad to come out before it were possible to do so. Mr. F. BOCK, on Mr. Kalbfoll'a behalf, read the following resolution which had been adopted at a meeting of German -colonists recently held,-" That if Parliament votes any money for assisting friends and former fellow-workers in the field or farm at Home, to come out and join, the recent arrivals, we German, Danish, etc. settlers who have done our fair share towards the development of this colony, and consider ourselves certainly no less Tasmanians than any that may have come from the United Kingdom or other parts of the world to join the ranks of Tasmanian colonists, respectfully suggest that we should have an equal share with the British born or native colonists." Mr. G. KLUG said that as such a long time had elapsed, owing to want of funds, since many of the Germans, Dances, etc., had purposed to bring out friends who belonged to the same class as themselves, they would respectfully submit that in case the persons nominated had in the interim emigrated to any other country or were from other causes prevented from availing themselves of the nominations, their assisted passages should be made transferable to others of equal qualifications, subject, of course, to proper supervision at home, on behalf of the Government, so as to keep up the standard which the immigrants from their Fatherland had in the past maintained. Mr A. JAOEK suggested that all new arrivals who were unable to speak the English language with fluency should be allowed to address the Government in their native tongue Danish, Swedish, or German, as the case might be, in the same way as was permitted abroad with regard to English and other foreigners. He also pointed out that emigration from the widely distributed portions of the European continent was essentially on the communities settlement " By s tem, embracing small farmers, orchardists, fishermen, fish curers, etc. Mr. F. BUCK said that the meaning of some of the remarks was that the deputation thought that they should be allowed to speak in their mother, tongue, the same as the English were allowed to do in foreign parts. They were permitted to state their grievances, in Anglo-Saxon. The PREMIER (Hon. P. O. Fysh), in reply, said he thought he understood the present object which they had in view in coming before him, and he wished at once to say that he had for some years past taken a deep interest, as being associated with the Immi ? ration Commission, in seeing the arrival from time to time of persons hailing from European States. He hoped that their settlement in the colony had been as satisfactory to themselves as it had been to the community at large. The Ministry were happy to see that almost all of them had become settled on the land or else were making for themselves good positions in the trades to which they had been trained, and some of the best trades- men in Tasmania were of German nation- ality. Their thrifty and industrious habits made them desirable colonists. The Government were well aware of that, and when they met them in the street day by day they did not regard them as Germans or foreigners. | but as Tasmanians. If they would dismiss from their minds at once the idea that there was any difference of nationality between j them, it would be well. The Germans were here paying our taxes, buying our land, and conferring a certain amount of food on our community, and when we spoke to them we did not regard them as Germans, but as Tasmanians. When they took out letters of naturalisation, they were no longer Germans but Tasmanians, and any privileges which, the English enjoyed in this community were theirs by equal right. They had made themselves a part of the people, and were entitled to all the privileges which the people enjoyed. This brought him to the point. If they thought they had any grievance with respect to the proposals which the Government might make, he hoped that he would at once be able to remove the cause. There should be no such a grievance for them to complain of, and if, therefore, Government proposed to continue assisting immigration it certainly would not be to the exclusion of the families and friends of the Germans or Danes who had settled in our midst. There had been a proposal which he thought he should at once communicate to them. in the present condition of the colony Ministers thought they had been going a little too fast. They did not want to see another batch of Germans coming on the backs of those already here too soon. They wanted to see those immigrants already here thoroughly well employed, and all of them settled down upon the land before they asked Parliament to vote funds for the introduction of any more. The Ministry, who were immediately associated with the details of the colony's state, knew that the community was not in as thriving a condition as they would like to see it, but they would know, by watching the labour market and seeing the rates of wages, when it was desirable to introduce more immigrants, and when that time came there should be no question of difference of nationality as far as the Government was concerned. In the course of a few months they might see them settled upon the land, or engaged in-that~handicraft-which war in' .,',)"- l > i v n, lin I-I,II,| girl.' ( l 2 l, 11 ifould Inc. and its JJ . ml III-' lil. /',»i most suitable for them, and when Ministers thought that the time had come when more immigrants could be introduced with safety, they would make no difference between English or German. If any of these had relations at home whom they left behind with a kind of half promise that they would send for them, by getting a nomination ticket from the Government, they would be able to do so. They had only to establish their case (and in Mr. Buck they had a very pertinacious agent), and if it could he shown that any Dane or German had left families, or friends, or sweethearts behind, the Government would regard it as a breach of faith if they were not assisted. During the coming session of Parliament a small sum of money would be placed on the estimates for assisted or nominee immigrants, and it would only be for the purpose of meeting such claims as he had alluded to. He could congratulate the Germans upon the work they had done as pioneers, and in their settlement at Bismarck he had heard of their bridges and churches, and what they had done, and he knew that they made very ' ' desirable colonists. He could assure them that if they had left friends at home it would be their own fault if they did not get them out. ! Mr. HAMILTON thanked the Premier for his reception of the deputation, and the interview ended, , THE IMPROVEMENT OF BELLERIVE. j | Messrs. H. Lamb, Warden of Clarence, I and Mr. C. E. Featherstone, waited upon the Attorney-General at his office yeater I day afternoon to request him to cause an ! amendment of the Rural Municipalities Act to be introduced. i Mr. 'LAMB explained that the amendment of 1884 provided that a special local rate could be imposed upon any defined portion of a municipality, but this provision would be imperative for municipalities receiving grants from the Treasury, as it would necessarily become part of the Municipal Fund. The inhabitants of Bellerive were desirous of improving that town, and a special rate of Is. imposed upon that portion of the municipality would yield £90 or £100 ; but if that amount were collected it would go to make-up the £50 or £70 deficiency in the municipal revenue j consequently the council had concluded to ask for an amendment of the law to enable them to apply a special rate for the purposes. for which it was collected while keeping it separate from the Municipal Fund. ; Mr. FEATHERSTONE , explained that the Local Bodies Loans Act would enable them to borrow a certain sum of money on the rates of a certain portion of the district for public works or improvements to be carried out in that portion ; but section 100 of the Rural Municipalities Act provided that all moneys raised in a municipality should be carried to the Municipal Fund, thus making the provision of the Local Bodies Loans Act effete. If a rate were levied to pay the interest on a special loan, it would immediately go into the Municipal Fund, and he applied to the payment of interest, on the overdrawn account, or to meet the amount now received as Government subsidy. What they required, and what all municipalities would require in time, was power to separate a special rate and its expenditure from the General- Municipal Fund. So far as Bellerive was concerned it was perfectly willing to separate itself, but he had been requested to wait with Mr. Lamb, on the Attorney-General i to urge the general importance of the proposed amendment, The ATTORNEY-GENERAL, in replying, said if he had been given a little longer notice of the intended visit of the deputation, about which he had only received the letter that afternoon, he would have been prepared to give a definite answer. As it was he did not at present see any objection to the amendment of the law advocated, and if, on further enquiry, he found no objection or difficulty, he would be happy to meet their wishes. If he discovered any difficulty he would communicate with the gentlemen with a view to overcoming it, as it appeared desirable that something should be done. Mr. LAMB thanked the Attorney-General for his promise, and trusted he would serbú way clear to propose the amendment, which was required for other municipalities besides Clarence. 