t o p i c s . N .8.W . Parliam ent will rs-assemble on the 20th September. The bill raising the age of protection for young girls to 'fourteen years haB passed the Hlineis Senate. Queen M argherita of Italy has collected a large Hebrew library, with the latest works on Jew ish literature. A man named Owers, who has been working for a farmer near Bouoaut (8. A, ■hot bimself throigh the head with un. Lilli Lehmann, the opera singer, has received from the Danish Emperor the ;old modal of the Order of the Dane- •roe. The will of a Kingston (N.Y.) woman riv esall her property to her husband for life, or " so long he shall remain un­ m arried." Over 25,000 shares have been taken up the new protectionist newspaper, the Australian, which is to be started shortly Sydney. I t transpired a t a Sydney suburban police-court th a t some Chinese slaughtermen'are in tke habit of buying cattle sheep dying from cancer or pleuropneumonia. A t Quincy, Illinois, a man with a arachute leaped from a balloon when at height of 6000ft, and reached the round safely. The Queen-Begent of 8pain is a skilul embroiderer, and has ju st completed magnificent flag for a new ironclad amed after her. The Government Resident in the N orthern Territory telegraphs that up to the present no new eases of emallp have been discovered. Two steamers have left England for Queensland ports, one witb 500 and the other with 360 immigrants, also one ship for Maryborough with 260 immigrants. A jockey named Manning was injured atCasino (N .8.W .) a few days ago. His skull was fractured at the base, and the operation of trepanning proved fruitless. A n attack was made a night or two go on a party of army Salvationists at ookwooa, ^(N.S.W .) the contingent eing pelted with bad eggs and decayed eat. I t is now ascertained th a t by the explosion of a dynamite cartridge in Hungary, 27 persons were killed, while 40 were severely, and eight slightly injured. The ru sh to M ount Thomas (Q) proves highly important. Tin will probably be found right down to the sea beach, which will be most important to the future progress of Cooktown. Three hundred farm ers from the astern provinces of Canada are now on heir way to Manitoba and tke Northestern provinces with th e object of electing land for occupation. The grasshopper plague is gi ring erioo6 trouble in Algeria this year. The fforts made to destroy the eggs h roved useless. In one district 50.000 allons have been collected and burnt. Elise F . Buckingham successfully anages a fruit farm of several hundred cres in California, and urges other omen to take up the same kind of work, or which she thinks women are well itted. A t Bedminstor, near Bristol, a nurse girl in the employ of an auctioneer was arrested on suspicion of having caused the death of a child 18 months old, which is supposed to have been poisoned. An orchestra of women, who are all players of brass instruments, is making a sensation in Dresden. The ladies hare an engagement for Vienna next winter, where they will play at a series of balls amoDg the aristocracy. M r George Howell, M .F., intends to interrogate the Government in reference to th e use of the title " Em press" in Boyal proclamations, and. if the reply te not satisfactory, he will move the adournment of the House. On Tuesday afternoon a young married oman named M ary Pulleneer attempted o commit suicide by drowning herself in he F o rt 'lelbonrne Lagoon T x h e woulde suicide was, however, pulled out of he water bofore she couid accomplish er purpose. A t the adjourned inquest in tbe circumstances connected with tbe poisoning of M rs Angel, of W hitechapel, the jury returned a verdict of w ilful murder against Israel Lidski. I t was shown that he purchased nitric acid on the day of the occurrence. said that the Government have given notice to terminate a t the end of tbe present year the arrangement with M r H ansard for reporting the debates ii the House of Commons, which was eo tired into nine years ago, and has since been renewed tnennially. Some northern station owners in Queensland have offered engagements to union shearers a t £1 per 1U0, but not through the union, and the men have been advised to refuse to accept work except through the society, and not to shear in the same sheds as non-unionists. A correspondeat of 27<e Times says right bank of the Tagus of a free port, and of stores for the shipping, lancing, bonding, and handling of goods of all lands not destined forborne consumption being exempt from all fiscal charges. A Liverpool correspondent telegraphs that th e statement made some time ago regarding the existence of a band of dyuamitards in the city is not only cot; rect, b u t that the police have actually in view a number of suspected persons, who ate more or less believed to entertain criminal intentions. ( The washerwoman finds bar occupation almost gone • through the introduction of machinery. The larger part of the city of Troy is devoted to tbe msnufeeture of engines, whitzere, atarchers, and other machines of the steam laundry. The m ost interesting maehine is tbe whizzer, which dries clothes in 1000 revolutions a minute. General Sherman is amusing his friends with this new story“ W ithin a short tim e a back countryman came into tbe town of Cumberland, W est Virginia, accompanied by a colored man, and began to make enquiries as to the selling price of niggers. Ho wanted to sell his colored mao, so he said, and he came to town for th at porpoie. Neither he nor the darkey knew anything about emancipation or any of the events connected with tho war. Bankruptcy.—A petition was heard yesterday before M r George Brown, Registrar, by Philip Oakley Fysb, morchant, Hobart, praying that Richard Kenuan, storekeeper. New Town, may be adjudicated bankrupt, he beioo indebted to tbe pelitioncrin theaumof£L4316s9d for goods sold and delivered, and also having'committed an eot of bankruptcy through haviog been served wit itu a dobtor'a summons and failing to pay compound the d e b t The R eeiitrir adjudicated Eennan bankrupt, nod fixed the first meeting of creditors to be held at tbe office of M essrs Dobson, Mitchell end Allport, on 6th September, at 3 o'clock. HobartBoardofAdvicb • This lo le irr d met yesterday. P re se n t:-T h e b'eyor, Aldermon W atchom, Amott, Dillon, and Reynolds. e y n o s , Tne minutes ________ o la st meeting were re td and confirmed A Ihtierwae read 'from tbe Minister of Education authorising payment of £16 17s 6d, on account of fuel and t-Jerioil assistance, for quarter ending 30th June, whioh has been placed to the credit of board a t Bank V.D . Laud. The following accounts were passed fur payment:— For fuel, B attery‘Point School, £2 10s; Goulbprn street, £ 3 ; Central, £1 8 i; T rinity'H ill, £3 7 s ; Macquarie street, £ 1 ; M urray street, £2 12s; total,,£ '8 17s. F or clerical assistance, £ 1 17s 6d; total, £16 14s 6d. The board-then adjourned situ die. 