News' I».v the Amorlcun Mull. UNITED STATES. Baltimouk, Decomber 17. — Tho Sun has tho following special from Columbia, S.C. : — Tho efforts to onrol tho colored people in tho Knights of Labor linvo causod muoh bittor feeling on tho part of formers. To protect tho fnrmors against the organisation of lho colored peoplo laboring on their plantations, tho Sonnto lias pnssod, by a largo majority, nnd tho Houso will doubtless mako it a law, a bill making it a conspiracy, punishable by fine and imprisonment, to intorforo botwecn employer and oraployeo in any contract, whether writton or verbal. Tho possibility of a atriko at tho cotton- picking time, when tho wholo crop of tho Stato would bo loBt if not properly gathered, was tho principnl argumont used, together with tha declaration that if a striko occurred nmong tho negroes much more blood would bo spilled than Inst summer in Chicngo and St. Louis. Chnrlestown (S-0.), December 15. — A week ago tho A'ews and Courier published a despatch from Y ork eouuty, S.C., reporting thnt a whito boy named John Loo Good had been eo beaten and mangled thnt ho soon died, and thnt four coloured men had been arrested ns murderers and committed to gnol. It was stated thnt tho theory was thnt some of tho negroes had boon detected by tho boy in the act of stealing cotton from his father's field, and that to pre- vont their arrest they killod him. Thero was great excitement in the county in consequence, and several moro arrests woro inado. Tho A'c/vs and Courier to get tho facts, sont a special corres pondent to York, and will publish tho result of his investigations. Ho says that thoro iB ovidontly an alarming stato of nifairs in York county, and it is probnblo that an organisation exists among tho coloured people which con templates murder in the event of n de tection of any member accused of a crime. Twenty-six negroes aro under nrroBt. Ono of tho negroes turned Stnto's ovidonco, and another admitted that he had killed a man who was found murdorod iu tho county eighteen months, ago. Several of tho coloured witnesses at tho inquest swore distinctly that thoy had a club in tho county for tho purposo of stealing cotton, provisions whisky, &o.; Tho members woro to steal whatever thoy wnntod, nnd if dotectcd woro sworn to kill tho person who detected them. Tha club lind different nnmos, but wns generally known as " The Rising Star Lodge, No. 24, of the Grnnd United Ordor of National Labourers and Politienl Society of North America." The charter came from Charlotte, N. C., nnd is dated Decombor 1884\. Tho charter, however, would seem to show that tbo society had only benevolent and fratornal objects. Among other things rovonlod at the inquest was a plot to waylay wealthy men who hnd monoy. Ono of tho witnesses gave a detailed account of tho murder of the poor boy, John Loe Good, and also tho nnmos of his aceomplieos in tho orime. Talk of a genornl lynching has abated, bat tha indignation and unrest are intense. Ohicago, December 17. — Tho Times' Biemnrck (D. T.) special says : — A report reaches horo from Bad Lands that an immense geyser of fire was discovered in thnt region yesterday. Tho hunters were startled by seoing a blaze of fire shoot up over a hundred feet and for nn hour the fiamos whioh came roaring through tho crust of tho earth rose over 30 feet in the air. Tho enow was melted about the placo for a quarter of a mile, and tho effect upon tho atmosphere was quite perceptible. For a year thore havo been burning conl veins in tho Bad Lands, but nover until now have they doveloped any oxplosivo Bymptoms. Scientists who havo travelled over this region have accounted for tho strango formation by tho supposition that at one timo tho entire area was an immonBO coalbod, which became ignited through some intornnl causo, and as it burned away the crust of the onrth fell in. This theory has been strengthened by tho " burning mines," or veins of coal, whioh havo been burning over sinco the discovery of tho country. It is boliovod tho cause of tho great geyser of fire which burst forth is tho gnB accumulated by tho burning coal, and tho explosion wns tho natural result of tho pent-up forcos. When last hoard from large fiamos of firo wore being omitted at intervals of from 10 to 15 minutes. Washington, Decombor. 17. — In connection with tho war claim of tho State of Vermont against tho Govern ment for 00,890 dollnrB, tho Secretary of tho Treasury has transmitted to Congress letters from tho Third Auditor and tho Chiof of Ordnanco alleging nn indebtedness on tho pnrt of that Stnto to the Government of 513,780 dollars on account of arms and equipments furnished by tho Government during tho Into war for the j r .lection of its frontiers. Louisville, Decombor 17. — Tho Louis ville Jocky Club has completed arrange ments whereby, in tho spring of 1S89, thoro will bo a run nl its racecourso of a a mile and a quarter for a stnko of 50,000 dollars, perhaps the richest ever run in Amcrien. Tho conditions nro modelled after thoso of the great English Eclipso Stakes. It will require a grant ninny ontrios to fill tho stnko of such value, but tho terms of entry nro such thnt owners nnd brooders can well afford to make nominations, the forfdts being comparatively light, when tho odds nro taken into consideration. For tho firet yenr after tho ontry is mndo tho forfeits is only 50 dollars ; tho odds tlioroforo are 50 dollnrs to 50,000 dollars. Now York, Docembor l(i. — Tho 2ri- bnne says : — A symlicnto of Danish capitalists lias boon formed to assist tho immigration of farmers whom bard times Imvo compollod to sell out and to found a colony smnowhoro in tho far north west, where thoy may begin life again undo! conditions offering material guarantees of success, ns woll as security from tho tricks of land shnrks. Its accredited representative, Soron Kjoor, ex-momber of Folkothing, Inndod in this city last week and wont west at onco to begin nn oxplorntion of tho region in which tho proposed settlement is to bo placed, with speoial roferonco to climatic conditions. Kjoor will spend a month or six wooks travelling through Minnesota, Wisconsin, nnd Dakota, and will return at onco to Copenhagen to report and tnko part in the organisation of tho colony. It io reportod from Copenhagen thnt soraothing like 1,250,000 dollars has boon subscribed towards tho purchnso of land in tho north-west and tho opening of the settle ment, nnd that M. Tiotjen, tho inoBt entorprising of Danish capitalists, is ono of the men at tho head of the under taking. The plan oxcitos muoh interest in Denmark, as it is the first attempt to found a distinct Danish colony on tlio Amorican torritory. Kjoor'e hoad- qunrtors during his western tonr will ho in St. Paul. 