TASMANIAN INTELLIGENCE. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENTS.) HOBART, JUNE 18. The following probates of wills have been granted:-Richard H. Davies to Mary A. K. Davies, .£10; Nicholas II. Gerrand to John Henry, £1251; 'Thos. D. Monks to Caroline P. Monks, £90; William Tyson to J. M. Tyson and F. Tyson, £101; William Oliver to Alex. Oliver, ,£1003; Agnes Sellars to James Sellars, £200; Robert C. Powling to Charlotte Powling, £415; Joseph Wilson to Harriet Wilson, £47. Letters of administration in the estate ofEmilyA.Swan were granted toEdw. H. Butler, the amount being sworn under £1500 in Tasmania. The House Surgeon of the Hobsart General Hospital gives the following typhoid return for the week ending yester. day:--Cases admitted, 8 (making, a total of 213 since January 1); number of cases still in theHospital,33 males and 33 females. Of these several are in a critical condition, but the two nurses suffering firm this disease are progressing favourably. The report of the board appointed to arbitrate between the Government and Mr. Falkingham, in reference to siane dis. puted items, will probably ie-rch, the Minister early next week. The results of the City School rcholar. ships (Mr. T. R. Marsden, principal) have been announced, and are as follow :-.T. A, Murphy, first scholarship; H. lie.ves, second ditto; and H. C. Tapping, third. A movement is on foot to establish a homoeopathic ward in connection with our General Hospital, and after the furore of jubilee celebrations has passed away, the project is likely to be prosecuted with considerable vigour. The creed of Hahne mann has many votaries here, among them being the majority of the Ministry. Tenders for additional buildings at the New Norfolk Asylum, for chronic and acute cases- female division, against the un expended balance of £12,000 sanctioned by Parliament under Act 49 Vie., No. 46, have been called for,andthe Department of Lands and Works has received four ten ders. These offers being of a satisfactory nature, the selection of the most eligible should be a matter of very slight, if any, delay. The Minister of Lands (Mr. Braddon), accompanied by Mr. N. E. Lewis, M.H.A., member for the district, left for Richmond this morning, but will be absent only a short time, returning probably on Monday morning. It was in contemplation for the Minister, under the pilotage of Mr. James Gray, M.H.A., to proceed to Sorell, but this additional tour has been deferred to another occasion. At a recent meeting of German and Danish colonists, held at Westella, Eliza. beth-street, there being a fairly numerous attendance, the following resolution was agreed to :-"That the German and Danish residents will support only those candi. dates for P'rliament who will take care that our rights and privileges relative to assisted immigration are made the same as those of Great Britain.". Our Teuton colonists find that although British resi dents have the right under the present system of assisted immigration to Tasmania to nominate friends living in Great Britain they (the Germans) are not allowed to nominate persons of their own nationality. This apparent injustice they now mean to aim at getting removed, and with that object in view Herr F. Von Buck has been requested to arrange for a deputation to the Premier. The Called Back Dramatic Company still hold the boards at the Royal, and per form to appreciative though rather small audiences. On Wednesday night next, the management will generously give free ad mission to pit and galleries to the poor of Hobart, and during the interlude buns and gingerbeer willbe dispensed to the juveniles present. On this occaslon the serie-comic drama, " A Father's Love," will be played. At the usual weekly meeting of the Hobart Marine Board yesterday, the Master Warden stated he had learned from the Attorney-General that Government would introduce a short Marine Board Act this session, but did not propose attempting to consolidate the present acts, and that any thing pressing for legislation would be put into the short act referred to. A letter was read from the Launceston Board, enclosing their recommendations as to future legis lation. It was decided to acknowledge the northern board's courtesy, and to express general concurrence in their recommenda tions, except No. 3, which related to a minimum charge of Id per ton on vessels. A succession of wet days and nights has been prevailing lately, and to-day the turf was in so sodden a state that oiutdoor fixtures had to be postponed. It is to be hoped that this condition of things will very shortly cease and determine, other wise our jubilee' arrangements for city illumination, fireworks, etc., stand an Al show of proving generally abortive. JuNE 19. The fire-bell rang out this evening just as the church services were about to com mence, but it proved a false alarm. Services having reference to the Queen's Jubilee were held in several churches to day, especially at the Memorial (Congre gational), St. Andrew's (Presbyterian), and Melville-street (Wesleyan), whilst at St. Joseph's the National Anthem was played. The weather to-day has been dull, but generally fine. DELORAINE, Jone 19. Frederick Oliphqnt, the young man w) 0 was injured on the 15th ipst. at the football match at Dunorlan died last night at 11 o'clock. 'The sad event has cast a gloom over the district, himself and relations being well known and respected. A meeting to form the Avenue Turf Club was held at Spicer's Hotel, Elizabeth Town, last night, and was well attended. Subscriptions came in freely, and the firat meet is fixed for 29th December on the popular Avenue course. LONGFORD, Jun 10. Jubilee services were held in the churches here to-day. At the Anglican the Rev. A. Wayn oficiated, a printed special form of thanksgiving and prayer being used. His text was First Epistle of Peter II, 17, "Fear God and honour the King." At the Wesleyan Church hbo Rev. K. W. Thompson preached from Leviticus XXV, 9 to 11, the subject being the Hebrew Jubilee. At the Baptist Church Pastor A. Wood plreached in the morning from Psalm CXLIX, 2, "Let the children of Zion be joyful in their King," and in the evening from Leviticus XXV, 12, " For it is the jubilee." The National Anthem was sung at all three churcl-es, A children's jubilee service was held in the Assembly-room in the afternoon, and proved a great success. The Revs. A. ayn, Thompson and Wood took part, but the Rev. W. Harris (Primitive Methodist) was unable to be present through sickness in his family. About 300 children, with their teachers, attended, and were first seated, and then the public were admitted, the room being packed to the door, and a large number obliged to stand. Severae members of Parliament were present. The order of service comprised hymns and prayers, a reading of scripture, two addresses, and the Jubilee anthem. The prayers were read by the Rev. A. Wayn, the first address was given by Pastor Wood, and the second by the Rev. Mr. Thompson, both being short, interesting and appro priate. Miss Wayn presided at the organ. The intended distribution of testaments was postponed, as the consignmont has not yet arrived from Victoria. The funeral of the late Mr. P. J. Cramp ton, which took place this afternoon, was very largely attended. The deceased was a member of the Ancient Order of Foresters, and the members of the Court Robin Hood attended. The interment took place in the Perth Cemetery. 