THE MERCURY. SATURDAY, JUNE 18, 1887. WE have heard at times a great deal about the coming man and what he would and what he would not do, but tlie latest discovery is, that the truly coming man is woman. The fact has been broadly proclaimed by no less authority than the Westminster Review, so that we must prepare our- selves tor the inevitable, and make the best of it we can. The last number of the Review declares that "the game is up. It is useless to contend any longer against women entering into political life. She is in it already!" In fact, the emanicipation of women, as it is called, is a Jubilee piece of business. It was begun with the reign of Queen VICTORIA, and has been con- summated, so the authority which we have quoted thinks, in the fiftieth year of her reign. We are not aware, we must say, that women have actu- ally entered in political life in any british community, in the way the men enter that life, that is, as mem- bers of Parliament, or at least as per- sons who seek to get elected if they can. In one of the American States women can vote for the States Legislature, and thus indirectly in- fluence the Federal Legislature, and they even sit on juries and do sundry other things which have been generally regarded as outside of their proper sphere. One of the results of their coming into power was, we believe, the closing of all the whisky shops and the general clearing out of disreputable places, but the experiment is far too recent to warrant any opinion being expressed as to its value. Nothing is more easy than to appear to put down vice by law. Those who are familiar with Measure for Measure, will remember some very common- sense remarks on that subject, which most women would treat with the greatest scorn, but what most men experienced in the ways of the world will at once acknowledge to be true. The DUKE declares, very much after the fashion of a woman, "it is too general a vice and severity must cure it," but the point to be decided in regard to all vices is, whether severity will cure them. Legis- lators and rulers generally, that is male legislators and rulers, have come to the conclusion, as the result of long experience, that mere repres- sion often produces worse evils than it cures, but this is not by any means the feminine view of any portion of a very large question, so that the advent of woman as a politician will certainly lead to a renewal of old experiments in moral legislation. No one doubts, of course, that if people could be made moral., and sober by law that they should be without an hour's delay, but this is the very tiling to be proved, and which, looking at the history of the world, seems to be incapable of proof. Even in Hobart at the present time an experiment is being tried which appears to be a proper one on the face of it, but which may have altogether unexpected consequences, and do a great deal more harm than any good that will result. If, however, we are to be blessed with feminine legislators, we may look for a whole scries of these experiments, and thus we may say that the British people are about to enter on quite a new development. Certainly, a femi- nine Legislature, or a Legislature which women elected, would soon make a clean sweep of the streets of London or Melbourne, but the point, the really serious point, to be decided is, what would happen then? Perhaps it might be well to wait and see what sort ot results are obtained in America, before we finally commit our- selves to a change which may produce very strange developments, for it is policy to learn from the experience of others who are willing to try ex- periments in legislative novelties. But, it is possible that we have to wait a long time yet before woman fairly comes into the field as a prac- tical, or impracticable, politician. It is true that we are told that she is there already, but we find that what is meant is not precisely what meets the eye. No doubt, in Great Britain women are taking an active part in politics just now, a more active part than they have taken for some time past, mainly because they have been called in by male politicians as useful allies. But there is nothing very re- markable in this. It is many years now since the Duchess of DEVON- SHIRE kissed the butcher to gain her husband a vote, and there have been times when the women have proved to be the most violent political partisans. In fact, even in some of the Colonies they have dressed themselves in party colours, and disputed on political points, which let us hope they understood, and gene- rally made themselves as foolish and got as much excited as men do on such occasions. We are told that they fought nobly, in the Anti-Slavery Agi- tation, that they assisted in the Corn Law League, and, certainly, some of them fought a battle recently in con- nection with a subject that male folks seldom care to say much about, and won it. Whether the victory is quite so valuable as they suppose is quite another question, but it illustrates the fact, that women once set going on a social question will not hesitate to act because laws very often do more harm than good. Some 70 or 80 ladies assembled in the Hotham Town Hall, Melbourne, on Monday evening last, and passed a number of resolutions in favour of women having the suffrage, and being members of municipal councils. It was stated in the course of the proceed- ings that there arc 346 friends of female suffrage in the present House of Commons, whereas in 1868 Mr. J. S. MILL could only secure 70 votes. This looks as if woman was coming rather rapidly at Home, though, of course, the right to vote does not necessarily imply the right to be a member of Parliament. Still, the one can hardly be separated from the other, so that we may fairly conclude that if the one step is taken the other will follow. The reflection at once arises as to whether the admission of feminine members to Parliament would not increase what is already almost an intolerable evil, we mean the tendency lo talk, which is the vice of almost every popular legislative body. We notice, moreover, that whilst woman claims to be on a perfect equality with men in very decided language indeed, she does not propose to become a soldier, and thus we have the spectacle of those who are not prepared to fulfil often the most important duty to a State, claiming to be on an abso- lute equality with those who are. In former days the warriors ruled, because they were the safeguards of the nation, and it is a decidedly new departure, at all events, for those who, by com- mon consent, cannot do this duty, to demand to legislate for those who must do it, and who glory in doing it. Still, as one Hotham lady said, this is Jubilee year, and let's have uni- versal suffrage. A CORRESPONDENT, who writes over the signature of " Poma " in a letter which appeared in our Thursday's issue, asks his fellow-orchardists in the Huon district two very pertinent questions - "Is there any possibility, any probability, of the pest (the codlin moth) entering our borders? Will it cost, less to keep away the moth, or, to eradicate it after it has gained a hold of our orchards?" These two questions may, be said to embody the whole pith and marrow of the codlin moth problem, and it would be well for those interested to consider well and give a definite answer to these ques- tions before entering into a discussion as to the abstract justice of requiring the owners of clean orchards to help to pay for cleansing the infected orchards of their neighbours. It maybe perfectly true, as has been asserted by numerous correspondents, that the presence of the moth in the orchards and gardens around Hobart is the result of the negligence of their owners. So far as we are aware, no one appears disposed to dispute that assertion, but unfortunately it has no practical bear- ing upon the real question for considera- tion, which is, not how the moth came here, but how it can be got rid ofand pre- vented from spreading. To the ques- tions asked by "Poma" we fear there can be only one answer, and that an affirmative one. Considering that the pest complained of is possessed of wings and can fly, and cannot there- fore be kept out by wire fencing or any artificial barriers of that kind, he would be a bold man who would venture to deny the possibility or the proba- bility of its making its appearance within the borders of the Huon dis- trict. The probabilities are, in fact, all in favour of its unwelcome pre- sence at no distant date, and the con- sequence will be the absolute ruin of some hundreds of settlers who depend entirely upon fruit-growing as a means of subsistence. That it will cost loss to keep away the moth than to eradicate it after it has gained a hold of the Huon orchards seems very much like a self-evident proposition. "Preven- tion is better than cure" is universally recognised maxim, and it is not merely better but in addition to that very much cheaper. If the codlin moth should once establish itself in the Huon orchards it is almost impossible to calculate what it would cost to dis- lodge the obnoxious insect. It can find so many hiding places in which it can deposit its eggs that even if every apple tree in the district were cut down the grubs would continuo to find sustenance and shelter in the stone fruit. It is more than probable indeed that to eradicate the codlin moth from the Huon orchards after it had once obtained a hold would cost the settlers the entire sacrifice of at least two season's crops, and even then the eradication would be by no means complete. There would still be a few moths left to propagate their species, and whenever there was any relaxation of vigilance there would be serious danger of the pest multiplying until it became as bad as ever it was. A decision having been arrived at then in respect to "Poma's" two questions it follows as a matter of course that the fruitgrowers of the Huon district, as well as of all other parts of the Colony, would act wisely in cheerfully co-operating in the carry- ing out of a general and compulsory, law for the extermination of this pest. It may, perhaps, be a little hard upon them that they should be re- quired to put their hands in their pockets for the purpose of assisting in the extermination of a pest from which they are at present com- paratively free, and which their neigh- bours have brought upon themselves through their own negligence, but, since the hardship is altogether trifling in comparison to the injury they will suffer from a visitation of the pest if they quietly pocket what they conceive to be a hardship, they will only be act- ing upon what is generally considered the very safe principle of choosing the lesser of two evils. It is better for them to pay a few pence per acre for extermination of the moth than to run the risk of seeing the industry in which they have expended their capital and labour exterminated by the ravages of the moth. Self-preservation is tlie first law of nature, and in con- tributing a small sum per annum towards the Codlin Moth Destruction Fund, the owners of clean orchards may well do so with a sense that they are contributing not so much towards the cleansing of their neighbours' orchards as for the protection of their own. After all, the question of levy- ing a general rate for the destruc- tion of the codlin moth stands on very much the same footing as the sanitary question and various other matters in which individuals are re- quired to make some little personal sacrifice for the common good. If everybody conducted themselves in a quiet and orderly manner, and in- variably recognised the distinction between meum and tuum, there would of course be no necessity for gaols or police, but since there are always some who do not, the general public are called upon to pay police rates, and they do so without a murmur, and it is on precisely the same principle the fruitgrowers generally may rea- sonably be expected to contribute something towards the eradication of the codlin moth. CABLE NEWS. - The second trial of what is known as the Kew Zealand libel case, in which the Hon. John Bryce sued the author of "Rusden's History of New Zealand'' for damages arising out of libellous statements made against him in his capacity as Native Minister, has been settled, Mr. Bryce having waived £1,300 of the £5,000 originally awardrd him. He thus well maintains the title long since given him bv his fellow colonists of "Honest John Bryce." Five hundred of the garrison at Herat broke out in open mutiny on the 9th inst., and a severe conflict ensued. Ultimately the mutineers fled, but were pursued and captured by the Ameer's loyal troops. The Queen has re- turned from Balmoral to Windsor much im- proved in health. THE INCOMING ENGLISH MAIL. - The fol- lowing message from Cape Otway was re- ceived last night by the Telegraph de- partment - "Passed inward at 10 p.m. R.M.S. Parramatta. Will reach the Heads about 4 a.m." CORNERS AND ST. MARY'S TRAINS. - We leam that it in intended shortly to make an alteration in the Corners and St. Mary's Railway time table, and that what is called an alternate system will be adoptad. This system is said to work well in New Zealand when differing interests have to be met, and it is proposed to give it a trial on a line, the time table of which has not been very salis- factory hitherto. The arrangement proposed is that on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday trains shall leave the Corners at 5.45 a.m. and 4.30 p.m. ; on Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday at 10.55 a.m. and 1 p.m. Trains will leave St. Mary's on Monday, Wednes- day, and Friday at 9.10 a.m. and 1.10 p.m. ; and on Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday at 7.30 a.m. and 2.25 p.m. Trains will arrive at St. Mary's on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday at 8.50 a.m. and 7.35 p.m. ; and on Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday at 2 p.m. and at 4.0 p.m. Trains will reach the Cor- ners at 12.15 p.m. and 4.15 p.m. on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, and at 10.35 a.m. and 5.30 p.m. on Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday. Corresponding changes will, of course, be made at all intermediate stations, and various changes, to be duly notified, will be carried out in the various postal ser- vices connected with this line. We hope that this novel time table will prove satis- factory, but it appears complicated. GLEBE TOWN AND THE DOMAIN. - We have very little sympathy with the disadvan- tages experienced by the inhabitants of Glebe Town, whose premises front on the Domain, by reason of the want of a road to their entrances, for the action of the Glebe authorities in not reserving a road along the frontage exhibited such a greed for money making that the purchases of leases ought to have defeated, but we do protest, on behalf of the people of the city, against the dreadful manner in which the Domain is being de- stroyed by cart traffic in that neighbourhood during the recent wet weather. The sur- face of the park is being utterly destroyed, and it will probably remain an unsightly spot throughout the next summer. Added to this, a number of wattle trees have been out down, presumedly for fuel, by the resi- dents, some of whom appear to think that the Domain is their private property - a mistake that the constable in charge fails to explain to them. Whether a road is made or not, the soonor the Domain is fenced off along the frontage so as to protect it the better for its future appearance. TECHNICAL EDUCATION. - The Examiner statcd the other day that the working classes had not been the host patrons of Mr. Charpentier's technical instruction, but this is a mistake, as his pupils are mostly, if not all, working men. In the course of three years 56 working men have gone through the complete course of technical education in these classes. TYPHOID RETURN.-Dr. Parkinson reports that during the past week eight cases of typhoid have been admitted in the hospital, making the total 213 this year. There are now in the hospital 66 cases - 33 males and 33 females - and of these several are in a critical condition. The two nurses suffering from this disease are progressing favourably. One case was admitted yesterday. CODLIN MOTH DEPUTATION. - Two deputa- tions will wait upon the Premier on Monday aftornoon with reference to the codlin moth - the Hobart representatives at 3 o'clock, and the Huon Fruitgrowers' Association at 4 o'clock. TASMANIAN RIFLE ASSOCIATION. - Last night a meeting of a most representative character was held at the Town Hall for the purpose of establishing a National Rifle As- sociation. His Excellency the Governor presided, and members of the Ministry, the commandant, and others were present. Some excellent speeches were made, and the Association floated, trustees, secretary, and other officers being elected. The association opens under very favourable auspices, Sir Robert Hamilton accepting the presidency. A full report of the proceedings appears else- where. HOSPITAL FOR INSANE, NEW NORFOLK. In connection with our remarks upon the annual report of the trustees of this institu- tion in last Wednesday's issue, we learn from the Minister of Lands that tenders were invited in May last for the laying of new 3in. and 4in. water mains with fire plugs in various parts of the ground, and that the Government have recently accepted the tender of Mr. C. Rollins for this service, which is to be completed within two months. An order has also been given for the supply of a large quantity of the best leather hose for the two fire engines now at the institution, and for canvas hose, stand pipes, and other appliances, so that when these arrangements are completed thera will be ample provision in case of fire. The carpenter at the institution, who was until recently a member of the Fire Brigade in Hobart, has been appointed to take charge of the engines and other appliances, and to examine and practise with the other warders regularly twice a month. There are also at present available, in case of emergency, three small hoses in 60ft. lengths, kept in central positions, which can be attached in 20 different places at least, and the attention of the officers of the institution has been specially called to this matter, and all necessary instructions given for the use of these hoses in case of fire. Four tenders are now under the consideration of the depart- ment for additional buildings for chronic and acute cases (division for females) at the New Norfolk Asylum, and the most eligible of them will, doubtless, be accepted in a day or two. This work will be provided for out of the balance (about £6,000) of the vote of £12,000, sanctioned by Parliament under Act 49, Vict. No. 46. TYPHOID AND LIFE INSURANCE. - The number of unexpected deaths that have recently occurred owing to the prevalence of typhoid has been felt by the insurance companies, and some of the cases in which demands will he made, on account of life policies, point to the advantages of this form of provision for those dependant upon the bread-winner of the family. In the National Mutual Life Association of Australasia alone three cases, in which death from typhoid has led to the mournful maturity of a life policy, illustrate the necessity for such pru- dential measures. Thes three cases relate to young men engaged in professional work, supply a further strange coincidence the policies are all of recent date. In the first case the life was insured for £500 on January 31st, 1884, and it expired on May 13th, 1887, £53 6s. 8d. having been paid in premiums. In the second c.isu tho life was insured on June 2(ith, 1SSI, for £250, and expired on Apiil 30th, 1887, £10 4s. having been paid in premiums in this case the demand was made on the 14th June, and paid 15th June. In the third case there was a policy taken out for £100 on July 10th, 1884, and an additional one for £500 on May 5th, 1887, upon which only £12 17s. 6d. was paid when death terminated it on June 3rd. It would be almost impossible to discover three cases in connection with a single com- pany's operations in one town, by which the advantages of life assurance could be more forcibly demonstrated. THE GLENORCHY ELECTION. - Mr. Russell Young addressed a small number of electors in the Campbell-street Salvation Army Barracks yesterday evening, Mr. Fulton was voted to the chair, and introduced the candidate, who spoke for rather more than half an hour on his political views, which have been already reported. He also took the opportunity to reply to some of the attacks made upon his candidature by the partisans of Mr. Hamilton, the Opposition candidate, and asked those present, if they thought him fit to act as their representa- tive, to give him a vote. The usual motion of confidence in him as a candidate was pro- posed by Mr. Willoughby Connor, seconded by Mr. E Maher, and carried. Mr. Russell Young subsequently addressed a meeting of electors at New Town. GLENORCHY ELECTION. - To-day the elec- tion of a member for this district to fill the vacancy in the House of Assembly, caused by the retirement of Mr. Alfred Dobson, will take place. The poll at the various polling places will be open until 6 p.m. JUBILEE COMMITTEE. - The executive com- mittee of the Jubilee Demonstration met last night at the Town Hall, the Mayor pre- siding. A considerable amount of routine business relative to the demonstration on Wednesday was transacted, and the final arrangements were made. A printed pro- gramme, showing the complete order of the proceedings, was submitted and approved of. Mr. Rolfe, representative of Mr. Brock, to whom the fireworks display has been en- trusted, attended, and stated that four cases of fireworks had arrived. Preparations for the display would be begun by himself and assistants at once. He gave the committee particulars of the pyrotechnic exhibition. The committee adjourned until Monday evening at half-past 7. JUBILEE COINAGE. - The new coinage of sovereigns and half-sovereigns was com- menced at the Sydney Mint on Monday last, when Lady Carrington started the process. The obverse side of the coin bears a new effigy of Her Majesty from a recent cast by Mr. J. E. Boehm, R.A. On the reverse side of the sovereign is St. George, and the Dragon, after an original by Pistrucci. The reverse of the half-sovereign is the same as at present, with the exception of a slight difference in the shape of the crown and the addition of the date. The coins are to form a jubilee issue, commencing on Wednesday next. KINGSTON JUBILEE SPORTS. - These sports come off on Monday next, and ought to provo a very successful venture. The pro- gramme is a varied one, and the prizes offered are well worth competing for. There will be a jubilee handicap of £20, a district race, chopping match, tilting at the ring, and minor events. SORELL JUBILEE SPORTS. - We would re- mind our readers that the acceptances for the differcnt events to be run at the jubilee meeting fall due to-day. THOUGHTFUL LIBERALITY. - The pro- prietors of the steamers Minx and Cygnet in- timates in our advertising columns that all children under 14 years of age will be con- veyed free from all Channel ports to Hobart on Monday next, and by the s.s. Cygnet on Wednesday, returning the same ovening if desired. The Minx will also make two trips on Tuesday to Kingston, conveying pas- sengers to the athletic sports. JUBILEE ILLUMINATIONS. - Mr. T. Dal- rymple Kelly, of the Aulk Reekie property office, will give his grand display of jubilee illumination at Edinburgh township on Monday evening, or failing that date, on Thursday evening. Tar barrels, Roman candles rockets, etc., will be sacrificed in great profusion on the occasion. MACQUARIE PLAINS CELEBRATION. - There will be an interesting ceremony at Macquarie Plains, at 12 o'clock to-day, when the comer stone of a public room, suitable for Sunday school and other purposes will be laid. It is intended to utilise the occasion for a jubilee demonstration, and all the Sunday and State school children are invited to dinner it 1.30. CITY SCHOOL ANNUAL SCHOLARSHIPS. The results of the above scholarships were announced yesterday by the Principal, Mr. T. R. Marsden, A.A., J. A. Murphy obtain- ing the first scholarship, H. Reeves the second, and H. C. Tapping the third. The examinations were well contested, particu- larly that for the second scholarship, in which the second boy on the list, C. Ware, is only 24 marks behind the successful candi- date. The half-yearly prizes were also awarded as follow :-1st division, J. A. Murphy ; 2nd division, H. Reeves ; 3rd division, W. Tapping ; 4th division, W. J. Marsden ; 5th division, W. Nuttall ; 6th division, A. Chapman. METROPOLITAN SCHOOL. - This school broke up yesterday for the Midwinter re- cess. The mark prizes were as follow : - 2nd class, G. Rowland ; 3rd class, G. Mur- doch ; (4th class, V. Brain ; 5th class, C. Cartwright. The principal, Rev. F. Shann, intimated that the course pursued last year will be followed in reference to the annual scholarships, which will be competed for after the recess. PEOPLE'S HALL. - Special meetings are announced to take place in this building during the coming week. To-morrow (Sun- day) evening an address will be given on the subject of the Jubilee: What is it? On Tuesday and Wednesday services will be held morning, afternoon, and evening. The themes to be considered on these occasions are announced in another column. GLENORCHY ELECTION. - Polling for the election of member commences this morning at 8 o'clock, and closes at 6 o'clock in the evening. SUPPLEMENT. - Our supplement to-day contains the Jubilee Celebration, National Rifle Association, deputation New Town foot- ball ground, Launceston, and other matter. THEATRE ROYAL. - East Lynne was staged at the Royal last evening by the members of the "Called Back Company," to a house vvhich must have had a depressing influence on the actors. Despite the meagre attend- ance, attributable to the beastly weather prevailing, the members of the company entered heart and soul into the business, their efforts resulting in pronounced success. Miss Carry George, in the dual characters of Lady Isabel and Madame Vine, gave another proof of versatility and depth of feeling in her dramatic presentments. Sir Francis Levison, the aristocratic scoundrel, received full justice at the hands of Mr. H. R. Roberts. Miss Eva Jackson, as Barbara Hare, was seen to considerable advantage. The role of Archibald Carlyle, the injured husband, was entrusted to Mr Harry Douglas, who has evidently made a study of the character, his efforts meeting with deserved approval. The other characters were also well filled. The orchestra, under the able leadership of Mr. R. A. Care, gave the following selec- tions :-Overture, "Tancrede (Rossini) ; waltz, " Sweet sixteen " (Aronson) ; concert blonaise, " Hyacinth " (Harper) ; fantasia, "Auld Erin" (Sibold); polka,, " A.B.C." (Riviere). The management announce that to-night the Ticket of Leave Man will be staged. For Wednesday evening next the management liberally announce a grand invi- tation night to the poor of Hobart, and a supply of buns and gingerbeer to the children attending. Free family tickets will be issued up till Tuesday evening. MR. STEINBACH'S CONCERT.- A concert, promoted by Mr. H. M. Steinbach, was given last night in St. David's schoolroom, and despite the unkindly weather, there was a large attendance. The weight of the performance fell on Mr. Steinbach's Glee Class, consisting of over 40 voices, who were assisted, however, by a number of lady and gentlemen amateurs. The programme opened with the part song, "The Cuckoo," aud other part songs given in the course of the evening were "The last rose of summer," " Battle song," "O Lord of all creation," "Marsellaise," "Singers," and "Home, sweet home." A humerous piece, "Hickory, Dickory Dock," was given so admirably by the class that an imperative demand for an encore resulted. Mr. F. Windsor contributed a song, "Nea," to the first part of the programme, and, Mrs. C. Heathorn sang "My mother's song " pret- tily, A spirited rendering of th "Kerry dance" was given by Mrs. Innes, who later in the evening favoured the audience with "The broken pitcher." A piano solo from Mendelssohn was excellently played by Mr. T. J. Haywood, and this was followed by a vocal duet, "Hark, 'tis the breeze," capi- tally sung by Messrs. J. Dear and H. M. Steinbach. Miss V. Hewitt was successful with the song, "Once, only once." Mr. James Dear, in "A smile for every tear," showed himself in grand voice ; and Mrs. O. H. Hedberg obtained well-deserved and enthusiastic applause for her really delight- ful rendition of "My faded violet." One of the best-received items on the progamme was a duet on flutes, entitled "Scotland," by Messrs. Smith and Worby, who had to givo an encore. Mr. S. Brownell, who has a strong, flexible baritone voice, sang "Down in the deep " in fine style. Mr. T. J. Haywood acted, as accompanist, Mr. Steinbach as conductor, and Mr. Nat. Old- ham as manager of the entertainment. A COMPLIMENTARY DINNER. - The mem- bers of the Hobart Kennel Club last evening, at the Albion Hotel, tendered a complimen- tary dinner to Mr. H. F. Turner, who has discharged the arduous duties of hon. secre- tary to the club since its formation. A large number of members and others interested in sporting were present, Dr. Weaver, occupy- ing the chair. A good and well spread repast was provided by Host Ainslie, and was fully enjoyed by the company. After the eatables had been disposed of the chairman proposed the health of "The Queen," and Mr. F. Gifford then gave the toast of the evening, "Our Guest." In doing so he said that most of those present know Mr. Turner personally, and would be sorry to lose him. He was a very valuable mem- ber of the club, and they could not well afford to let him go. It was with feelings of regret, not unmingled with pleasure, that he proposed the toast regret that the club should lose the services of such a valued officer, and pleasure to think of his going to better his position. He was sure that all present would wish Mr. Turner every success in life, and he called upon the chairman to present him with an address. Dr. Weaver, in present- ing the address, fully endorsod all that the former speaker had said. He hoped Mr, Turner would accept this testimonial as a slight mark of their esteem. In reply, Mr. Turner said he had always made it his boast that he could speak anywhere, and at any time, but he was so taken by surprise at the many tokens of friendship and esteem accorded him this evening, that he was afraid he would have to retract his boast. He had always tried to do his best for the club, and he hoped he had succeeded. (Hear, hear,) He thanked the members for this expression of their good will and esteem. Mr. Barlow proposed "the Press," which was responded to by the representative of The Mercury. Mr. Bridges then gave "Our Host." He remarked that Mr. Ainslie was a thorough sportsman, and a splendid host. Considering the short notice Mr. Ainslie had received, he thought that he had excelled himself that evening. (Hear, hear.) The torst was drunk with enthuaiain. Mr, J. Ainslie responded. "The Slipper," "the Judge," and several others were toasted, and the compliments suitably acknowledged. The remainder of the evening passed pleasantly with songs nnd musical selections by tho members. Mr. H. F. Turner leaves Hobart to take charge of the news room of the Latrobe Chronicle. MEETING OF GERMAN AND DANISH COLONISTS. - A meeting of German aud Danish colonists was held at Westella last night, Mr. J. Kalbfell in the chair. It was proposed by Mr. Schwan, seconded by Mr. Schakke, and carried,-" That the German and Danish residents will in future only support those candidates for Parliament who will take care that our rights and privileges relative to assisted immigration are made the same as those of Great Britain." Last year a balance was available far bringing out immi- grants, but the Government intimated that it would only be expended in introducing immigrants of British nationality, and this was felt to be a hardship by the meeting. It was also decided to request Mr. Buck to arrange a deputation to the Premier. It was also unanimously decided that the Queen's Jubilee should be celebrated by a German concert, to be followed by a ball, this celebration to take place after the con- clusion of the general celebration. The duty of arranging the preliminaries was entrusted to a committee, and tho meeting adjourned until Thursday next. CITY POLICE COURT. - At the City Police Court yesterday morning, before Sir. W. Tarleton (Police Magistrate), Charles Willis was brought up on remand, charged with committing an indecent assault on Hannah Lewis, and was further remanded until the 21th inst. Before the Police Magistrate and Mr. Solomon, J. P. - David Welch was charged by Superintendent Pedder with having on June 7, plied for hire on some place other than a licensed stand in the city. He pleaded not guilty. Detective Franklin stated that on the evening of June 7 he was in Collins street shortly after 10 o'clock, and when in the vicinity of the Hobart Club he saw defendant with his licensed cab pulled up just outside the club gate. Witness remained there until shortly after 1 on the following morning, and defendant was still there, but during the interval he left with a passenger and returned. He took two or three fares during the time witness was there. Mr. Superintendent Pedder put in the Gazette of March 4, 1884, showing the cab stand of the city. Defendant said he was ordered to stand in that spot every night by Mr. W. P. Green. He denied that he had taken any fares on the night in question, and called no witnesses. Fined 10s. and costs. Samuel Jacobs was charged by Superintendent Pedder with driving a dray in Elizabeth- street on the night of June 8 without lights. He admitted the offence, and was fined 10s. and costs, this being the second time he had similarly offended. Charles Cullen was charged with a similar offence, and this being his first conviction, he was fined 5s. and costs. Watts v. Watts, maintenance. This case was adjourned until June 28, as defendant had not been served. Mr. R. Sergent appeared for the complainant. Walter Ernest Ray was charged with being absent from the service of his employer, George Francis, without leave. Complainant, who is a hairdresser, said that defendant was bound apprentice to him for three years from 1st February last. The witness pro- duced the indentures. On the night before Good Friday he left witness' service, and had not since returned. Witness believed that he was in Launceston. His age was about 19 years. The defendant did not ar- pear, therefore the case was heard in his ab- sence, and a penalty of 20s. 6d. was imposed, in default one month. William Linton was charged by the Truant Inspoctor, Mr. David Moore, with neglecting to send his two chil- dren to school the number of days required by the Education Act. Complainant pro- duced a certificate by the teacher, whioh stated that one child had attended 44 days, and the other four days, in four weeks. De- fendant at first said he had sent his children to school, and afterwards that the eldest boy had been kept at home to attend on his mother, who win ill. Fined 5s. Wil- liam Edwards was charged with similarly offending with respect to one child. He also pleaded not guilty. Complainant produced a certificate that the child had attended school 20 1/2 days during the year 1887\. He also stated that he had called at defendent's residence and been informed that child was ill, but when he asked to see him was informed that he was down the street carrying a message. He had asked defendant's wife to produce a medical certi- ficate as to the child's health, but she had neglected to do so. The defendant said that his children were delicate. Fined 5s. CHURCH SERVICES. - The Rev. J. G. Millard will deliver a jubilee sermon, in the Melville-street Wesleyan Church to-morrow morning. The Rev. D. Annear will preach in the ovening. In the Davey-street Wes- leyan Church the Rev. D Annear will preach in the morning, and the Rev. J. G. Millard in tho evening. The Rev. J. Scott will conduct service in St. Andrew's Church, the evening service being a jubilee service. At the Memorial Congregational Church the Rev. G. W. Sharp will preach morning and evening, the subject of the evening discourre being -" Fifty years of progress, an appeal to our gratitude, and a stimulus to our energy." At the People's Hall, Bathurst street, the evening service will have special reference to the jubilee, and special services will be held there on Tuesday and Wednes- day next. UNITED PRACTICE.-At half-past 3 o'clock this afternoon there will be a united practice of the National Anthem at the Exhibition building. All the Sabbath schools are in- vited, and the band will be in attendance. TASMANIAN HARRIER CLUB.-A meet of this club takes place to-day, the course being from Bellerive to Bellerive. The steamer Result will leave O'May's wharf at ten minutes past two. SPORTING. - The following is from the Argus of the 15th inst.:-"Sir Lancelot and Kildare and Sir Lancelot and Game were yesterday backed at the Victoria Club for the V.R.C. Grand National double event, at 500 to 10, to win £4,000. Trident was mentioned for the Melbourne Cup yesterday at the Victorian Club, 1,000 to 40 being wanted, but 1,000 to 50 was the best offer." Members of the Loyal Orange Lodge meet at the Baptist Schoolroom on Wednesday, 22nd inst., to take part in the jubilee pro- cession. In commemoration of the Queen's jubilee, Mrs. E. Currie will on Wednesday next, between 10.30 a.m. and 1 p.m., distribute soup and pudding at Currie's Hotel to the poor of Hobart. The Young Men's Christian Association this evening will meet for a special address "Dangers ahead." The benefit performance at the Exhibition building on Monday evening next will be under the patronage of His Excellency the Governor, the hon. the Minister of Lands, members of the Houso of Assembly, His Worship the Mayor and Aldermen, and officers and members of the Reserve Force. The Reserve Force will parade at the barracks on Wednesday next at 9.45 a.m., and for quarterly inspection on Thursday, 23rd inst., at 7.30. The Tasmanian Rifles will parade on Wed- nesday, 22nd inst., at 10 a.m., in review order, in honour of the jubilee. A concert will be given on Tuesday even- ing next at the Library Hall, Sorell, in aid of the Library and Band Funds. Burbury s usual excursion trip to Brown's River takes place to-morrow afternoon. 