TO CORRESPONDENTS. " MCLTUM IN PABVO" thinks the very able article published by us and written by the Hon. Dr. Campbell on cheap food deserves the atten tion and thanks of the community at large. He adds:-" The latter part of the article is particularly important, and should be made practicable. The great evil is that hundreds of men have been so long out of employment that they have no meanB to get even a 20-acre block of land, 'but would be glad to do so if assisted. There is something noble in the ex pression-' It is a hopeless form of benevolence that brings pauperism in its train, but it is verily a secret of life to find means of feeding the hungry and yet to preserve their self respect.' How many respectable families in our fair land are . vainly endeavoring to keep the wolf from the door V' " A STJBSCBIBKB," Hindmarsh.- It is a very difficult thing to varnish a sepia drawing suc cessfully, and it is more than probable that your first effort to do so will be unsuccessful. Here is the process:-When the painting is perfectly dry wash the whole surface with a thin coat of gum water, which make by dis solving gum arabic in distilled water and then straining the mixture through muslin. When dry varnish with the best copal or ma3tic varnish, using a small flat brush, and b9ing very careful not to run the varnish beyond the paint or to put it on thick. " STATIONMAN," Balaklava.-Compensation was discontinued on the 31st December, 1S81, An officer on the fixed list who entered the service prior to that date would be entitled ti compensation. A pro. and tem. officer would be entitled to nothing unless he had been in the service for five years previous to the 31st De cember, 18S1. " STAMP ALBUM "-No. 1 is a Swedish stamp, No. 2 a Bavarian, No. 3 a Danish, and No. 4 a Swiss newspaper stamp. "Pixvirs." - The rainfall for the nine months ending September 30 was 20'63B inches. "IN VICTOBIA AT PBESENT," Dinyarrak, Assisted immigration to South Australia was stopped some time ago. "J. MCNULXY."-The report of the works committee stated that the inspector had been instructed to communioate with you with a view of obtaining proofs in the matter. This portion of the committee's report was adopted by the council; consequently there is no need for troubling us with the statements your letter contains, WILLIAM WILTSHIBE, Gonger-street, writes: -" In reference to letter signed ' J. McNulty' respecting disreputable characters being allowed to loiter about cabranks to the injury and annoyance of those cabmen who, by their courteous, kind, and obliging manner in language and action, would secure respect from all who favor them with their patronage, I would again ask ia it in the power of the law to prevent this nuisance? Another query I would like answered is this-Is the opinion given by the mayor of Mr. McNulty at thelaBt ctuncil meeting likely to remove the odious system of immorality complained about? Where 13 our Social Purity Society 1 I trust this society will not permit any shelving of the question, but will take such step3 as will re move this incubus," " C G.S," thanks Mr. Bulch for enlightening the judges at the late band competition about the beautiful adagio in " Der Freischutz," and says :-"Poor Carl Maria von Weber would turn round in his grave if he could hear his beautiful composition, specially written for horns, played by a clarionet." "J.G.," Yorketown, says that he observed in the reports of the Lobethal Tweed Factory lately it was stated that the tweeds were not patron-'sed, and that on enquiring for Lobethal tweed in Yorketown he was told that it was not to be had in the town, from which he infers that the company does not push its wares sufficiently. " J. W. GARDNER" regrets that the judges appointed for the brass band contest at the Exhibition on Saturday last were not selected from men who are well experienced in brass bands, " as is invariably the case where such contests take place," and protests^ against apj" ointing pianists or organists as judges at such contests. " ELECTOR " writes directing attention to the dangerous condition of some houses in Gilbert street which have been partially knocked down and have the middle walls standing. These, he says, are a source of danger to children who might assemble there, and as the pile is unsightly and detrimental to surround ing properties our correspondent thinks the eyesoie should be removed and a proper hoard ing erected. "A CONSTANT READEK" wants a recipe for making " good cider." '? COBBA" writes-The lady serpent charmer at present performing in this town is in error in contending-as reported in your account of her exhibition in Saturday's issue-that it ia impossible to extract the fangs of a snake with out causing the death of the reptile. In a recent work by Captain Burton, the eminent naturalist and' traveller, there is an interesting description of the curious method adopted in India and other Oriental countries in perform ing the operation. He says" The popular way of extracting the crochets is to grasp the snake firmly with one hand and with the other to tantalise it by offering and withdrawing a red rag. At last the animal is allowed to strike it and a sharp jerk tears out both eye teeth. The head is then held downwards and the venom drains from its bag in the shape of a few drops of slightly-yellowish fluid. The patient looks faint and dazed, but recovers after a few hours and feeds as if nothing had happened." How is the public to reconcile these conflicting statements ? " BICYCLE, "-The Drummond trophy, value £200, was won by W. Brown (English Brown, as a distinction fr&m; A, E. Brown, the Mel bourne crack), on. the Melbourne Cricket ground, on November 13,1SS6, "PLEBEIAN," Port Vincent, writes:-" Why and wherefore fcas our fine colony got into such a state of depression? Is it not besause members of the Legislative Council obstruct all useful legislation that would tend to the ad vancementof the country, and make laws tosuit their own pockets, regardless of the welfare of the oolony and the general public ? How is it that the Payment of Members, Civil Servants' Salaries, and Chinese Poll Tax Bills have not become law ? What care they so long as they are sleek and rich ? They have no sympathy with the toilers. He only feels the shoe pinch who wears it; he only feela the heat and burden of the day who bears it. Awake, awake ; shake off your apathy, O ye agricul tuial slaves, and see the game going on. Return men to Parliament who will pass laws for the good of the community, not for the benefit of themselves only. If people would only read, mark, learn, and inwardly digest the contents of your highly instructive journal more than they do. there would be no more destitution, but prosperity would reign Bupreme." 