SUMMARY FOR EUROPE. POLITICAL. There is little, if any, movement in the political world so far as this colony is concerned. The attempt that was made a short time ago to galvanise the Opposi- tion into displaying some symptoms of existence has proved in utter failure. It appears probable that the Ministry will, at any rate, have a satisfactory financial statement to submit to Parliament. The estimate of the railway revenue is likely to be more than realised, and it comprised £120,000 more than was received during the year 1885-6. By tho time this i caches England noarly ill tho Australasian delegates to tho Imperial Conforonco will have arrived in Europe Sir Patrick Jonnin s and Mr It Wisdom QC ML G who willie present IS ovv bouth W i es sailed in the ehimbora7o a fowdavs n=o They woio both Binguine as to tho îcsults of the Confeienco Hie Victomn Government has doter mined to colobiato the Queen s jubileo but tho precise character of tho demon stiation has not j et boen fixed In tho meantime tho Inhibition building-tho largest building of tlio kind in Melbourne -has been resery ed for a few d ij s prior to and succeeding tho dato of tho Queen s accession Mi Gillios (tho Premier) waa present at tho annual dinnei it Ballarat in con nection with tho confoienco of tho Aus tialian ïintives Association on the loth Hist In responding to tho to ist of ' Iho Ministry and Parliament,' Mr Gillies alluded to tho action of tho Govommont in sending repiesentativos to the Imperial Confeienco mid referring to the cnticiBins which hld been passod on them foi that action, deel ned amidst cheers that ho was quite ready to accopt the verdict of the community on then proceeding' Had ho felt that bust noss would allow him ho would havo boon glad to go himself lhe colony would bo worthily lepiesentod and whatever the outcome would not bo committed in any way until P u li i mont had been consulted Mr Gillies subsequently proposed piosponty to tho association, dwelling on tho responsi bihty that would picsontly fall on tho native bom to maintain tlio government of tho colonies Ho specially alluded to tho federation question and said that the association had londqred invaluable assistance in that movoment Tho pio coedmgs wero charactonsed by consider able enthusiasm lhe Government havo appointed Royal commission to inquuo into the working of the Iradine, Companies Statuto Last session Mr Lorimer intro duced in tho Legislative Council a bill to amend the act mentioned lins bill proposed, intei aha, that no banking company issuing notes in Victoria should bo entiUod to limited liability as ro0ards its noto issue , that m case of a failure notes should be paid m full out of tho general assets of tho bank and that if tho assets failed ultimately to meet tho total liabilities, tho shareholders should bo called on to pay the amount due to tlio noteholders Iho bill liko -wiso proposed to introduce tho pim ciplo of ' reserve liability in connection ?with trading companies Linder that Îirinciplo, ov cry corni liny ao's aside and lypotnecates a coi tam portion of its un called capital as a fund for the protection of its creditors in the last resort lins fund is only to bo touched in the event of tho institution boin0 wound up It is a reserve for creditors to fall baek upon lins principle has beon introduced in England and has been described is having effected a momoutous and swift revolution m tho financial baBis of tlio bankin«; system there Iho bill passed through the Council, but waa one of tho moaauros struck out in tho Lower Houso and its proposals w ill bo inquired into by tho comnuttoo, which will also carty on an investigation into tho open tion of the charters under which tho various banking companios heio cairy on thoir business Hie object is to flame a measure that w ill bo accept iblo to tho banking interest and the niercantdo com munity The state of affairs in Tonga has at tracted some attention heio Public opinion and the Australasian Govern nicnts would have cordi illy endorsed tho despatch of a British man of vv ar to the islands to guard Butish mtoiosts, but Admiral Tryon has not seen his way clear to take the step SOCIAL AïnD G1NE1ÎAL. The Marquis and Marchioness of Huntly arrived in Melbourne by the li. M S Carthage on Tebruari 1_ Lord Huntly lins just con eluded a tour through India and he now in tends to visit all the Australian colonies and New Zealand after which he will return to England by way ot China and Jupan Hie ceremony 01 opening the section of the throULn railway from Melbourne to 13 illarnt, extending from Parwan to Bacchus Marali, was performed on 1 ebrunry 13 lim Lxccl lency tho Governor drove from Mount Macedon to Bacchus Marali on Monda}, and wns the guest of Mr Molesworth li. Greene of Grejstones (president, oí the shire council of Bacchus Marsh) Hie Actina Chief Secretary (Mr Pearson) the Minister of Lands (Mr Dow), nnd the Postmaster General (Mr Derhain), accompanied bj several other members of Parliament, travelled from Melbourne to Bacchus Marsh und on their arrival ills 1 \cellency the Governor jierfoimed the ceremony in the presence of n large assemblage of the local populace, m eluding aboutSÛ0 school children His 1 \cellency the Governor will leiie Melbourne to pay a brief visit to Sir \\\ illiani ( 1 Robinson nt Adelaide by the P and O < o s H Mo Pitrrtimuttii to day Master Loch will go bl the same mail steamer to 3 n"lnnd to pursue Ins stu lies at one ot the centres of learninn in the mother countr) On Welnesday the Premier informed n deputation from the e\eeutive c mmis mollers of the Melbourne Centennial 1 x lnbition that they bud everj reason to expect that exhibits would be received irom nearly nil parts of the civilised world A circnlnr had been sent to each of the other colonies noticing the intenticnto hold an international exhibition in -Mel bourne next jeir in celebntion of the centenarv of Australia as a lintish settle ment the object rt tins preliminary intima tion being to secure their goodwill towards the untlcrtaliiiic, A letter on the same lines was forwarded to each of the forcieu conBUla in Melbourne His 1 xcelleuc) the Governor, nt the request of the Govern men!, had lo-wnrdid a letter to the beere tary of State lor the Colonies inviting their Roi a! Harnesses the Prince und Princess of Wales to visit Australia in connection with the Inhibition, and a further communication had been despatched, through His Lxccllcncy, soliciting the cordial co operation of the Imperial Govern merit, who »ere requested to use their in lluence with foreign Governments to induce them to be represented at the Lxhilntion rl lie official reply to the invitation to the Prince and Princess of Wales lind not been received, and th« Government could not an) whether an) reliance was to be placed on (lie Iteuttrs telegram recently published in the newspapers to the effect that their Ko)ni Highnesses had fin illy declined the invita tion His Lxcellency the Governor h id re ceived a tclei ram from the becrttary of State lor the Colonies, promising the utmost poa Bible assistance Irom the Imperial Govern ment in promoting thcsucctBs of the Lxhibi lion Copies of the prospectus bad since _een despatched to the other colonies to the foreie.ii consuls and the Imperial Govern mi nt, und the Ministerial representatives ot th" celon) nt the Imperial Conference would take advantage of ever) opportunity pre ecnted during their visit to 1 urope to secure th" hearty c> operation of toreiLii countniu 'i he commissioners expressed themselves thoroughly satislied with the action of tho Government The MnreheBn, Lord Dudley s steam j acht, armed in Hobsons Bay from Sydney, on Wednesday 1 he Larl, accompanied by Mr W Moncrieff, his uncle, and Dr Hull, are tnoclllntj overland, and nre expected to er'ive here in two or three days 'ihe dearth ol information of Australia and ita history m the books now used in tho Btutc schools of the colony was brought promu I nently before the annual conference «f the Australian Natives' Association at Ballarat, and it was decided to direct the atten tion of the Government to the mutter, and to suggest that a national series of school books should be compiled and published, making a special feature of presenting to the state school children the ftillcBt information to be obtained with regard to their native land lhe Lducition depnrtinent lind previously 1,1V en the matter consideration, nnd new lessons on the disrovery of Australia the founding of the colonies, exploring expedí tioiiB into the interior, the aborigines the llora und ínuna ot Australia and kindred sub jeda have been incorporated in the Rojal Kuala « Sir Patrick Jennings nnd Mr It, Wisdom, who are to be the representatives of New bouth Wales at the Impend Conference were entertained at luncheon by the Premier at Scotts Hotel on Inda) Mr Gillies pre sided nnd there were nlao present Mr Pear bou Minister of rducution, Mr Wall er, Commissioner of Customs, Mr Cuthbert, Minister of Justice, Mr Derham, Post master General, Mr ivmimo, Minister of Public Morks, and Mr Dow, Minister of I inds and Agriculture Hie Premier pro pose 1 the healths nt the guests au I the ' tuust waa heurtilj honoured bj the company, all the centième»prc8entc\preB3inL,asii>ccr hone that the representatives of New South V\ iles would lune a pleasant vojuge and a site return lhe New South Walesrepre Bentntives were sub^equmtly entertained by the Major und bir Patrick Jennings m re sp miling to the tt ast ot his health brietly dwelt upon the importance of the Imperial Uinferenee while Mr Wisdom expressed a confident anticipation thut the results of it would 0c of the highest benefit. bir Pat nek Jemmies and Mr Wisdom sailed for 1 urope on the same night by the le M S Chimborazo Mr Jumes Thomson, the secretary to the Victorian Commission for the Colonial and Judian 1 xhibition returned to Melbourne on ] ebruary li bj the li.M S Carthage from London A number of gentlemen held a meeting in the morning at which they formed themselves into a committee for the purpose of formally welcoming Mr thomson hack to the colonj 1 he p irty proceeded to the bpencer street railvvaj station, where they met Mr thomson Ihey then drove to the Orient ii Ilotel, where light refreshments were served and several toasts were pro posed Mr E Steinfeld presided, and pro posed the health ol the guest. Ile alhrmed that Mr thomson bud discharged Ins oner ous duties in connection with the Colonial and Indian Hxhil mon in a manner thut had t,iven entire eutiatnction to the people of Victoria Mr thomson, in replj, expressed his (.ratification at the verj cordial reception w Inch had been extended to him At the last meeting of the V ctorian branch of the Ko} eil Geographical Society of Aub tralusia, the joint committee on Antarctic exploration presented ii progress report lliej stated that thej had received letters from gentlemen connected with the whaling interest in Lurope confirming the committee in the impression that the North Sea fisheries, which hud long been failing were now nearly profitless. Admiral Ommaney was strongly ot opinion thut only the mother country coul 1 adequate!} equip and conduct a suit- able scientific expedition to the Antarctic reuions, which must be naval, but he re gurded with favour the proposal of an Australian pioneer expedition in a steam whaler and thouk11 thut the results might be extremely valuable lhere would be plenty of time to carry out this idea. Captain Gruj or Sir A. \oung might be induced to undertake a whaling expedition to the South Polar sens, und to carry thence two or three competent observers 1 iking this view the committee recommended the Government to advertise for tenders for a bonus to be tiven to any steam whaler which would carry a few seien tide passengers, and bring to Melbourne antarctic products of a certain value, besides effecting a landing on the mainland near Mount Lrebua, lhe report waa received with applause and Huron von Mueller ex pressed the hepe that the work ot exploru tion would be becun this year During the last session of Parliament £1,000 wns voted to the Victorian brunch ol tlie K ijal Geographical Societj of Austral asm, for the purposes of scientific explora tion At the meeting of the society last Iliursdaj evening it was announced, amidst applause, that it had been decided to apply the money to the organisation of an expedí tion under the leadership of the distinguished missionary, the Kev James Chalmers for the ascent of Mount Owen Stanley, iNevv Guinea. Mr Chalmers has hitherto declined to under take work ot this description but it ib under stood that he will accept tina commission when it ia offered to lum Hie Government statist m bis last quarterly abstract, showing the apparent populunon ol \ ictorm, questions the trust worthiness of the ligures hitherto accepted as to the relative populations of \ letona and ivew bouth \\\ ales at the end of last jeur lhe population of Victoria was then estimited io be 10H0T3, and that of New bouth Wales 1 010,70J Mr, Ilnjter points out however that lu copse quence ot unrecordeil departures by ben hi nil the Australasian colonies, it is almost cerium that the population esti matea of both Victoria and New South \\\ ales overstate the truih and it ib possible that the actual population scarcely yet ex cecils a million in either colonj The frequency with which heavy fogs have occurred at Cliffy Island since September 1, has compelled the lighthouse keeper stationed there to explode au unusually large number ot rockets as warnings to passing vessels. The engineer of ports and harbours, Mr A. Wilson, estimates that at least four times as many rockets have been exploded since that date at Cliffy Island as at any other station on the Victorian coast. The vigilance of the lighthouse keepers in this respect has met with due recognition at the hands of master's of ships, many of whom have written to the Commissioner of trade and Customs, con- gratulating him upon the aid which he has thus afforded them in navigating their craft's past a dangerous island.It is feared, how ever, that the supply of rockets at Cliffy Island may run short and pending the arrival of a supply from Great Britain, it is intended that 24inch howitzer gun shall be fired at brief intervals during the continuance of a fog. I he question ot the admission ot ladies to degrees in medicine at the Melbourne Uni versity was dealt with in a practical manner by the council of the University at their meeting on Monday last A gentleman wrote stating that he bud made inquiries with the view of senduiK his duuehters totheSjdnev University to study for degrees in medicine, but observing that the subject was under consideration here he bad delayed til ing further action He trusted that the council would open its decrees in medicine to ladies and expressed the belief that the innovation would prove to be a great buccess J he question was bnelly discussed lhe council, wi*h three dissentients alhrmed the principle of the admission of Indies to the dc^Pc« in medicine mid referred the question of tile sclie me to be adopted to the faculty of inedi cine lhe Pev D M Ixen/ie, the moderator of the Scots Church session, intimated to the Melbourne Presbyterj at its last meeting that the Kev Dr Cameron Lees, of 1 dinburgh, was expected to leave Lngluiid on 10th April, in older to take temporary charge of the scots Church Melbourne On lebruury 10 the death of Com mander II J btanlej, H.N , was an nouiieed Hie deceised was born in London on April 15 1810 and waa the fifth son ot VAillium Dobbie btanlej, and grundncphew ol Admiral btanlej, who com mantled II M S President for some yeurs Ile carl} showed a preference for the sea, uni was educated at Greenwich, where he took a IhlIi plnee, and was tuen a cadetship Ile vv is under lire towards the close of the Crimean war in the Baltic, and obtained a medul He roseripullj in the service and obtained a. double step partly by obtaining a lirst class in examination and partly through his cneigy and enterprise in survejing, at Ins own expense, a portion of tho harbour ot the Mauritius luring men and a boat, and finally taking home to Lngland his chart, bo well finished that the Admiralty at once promoted lum making lum the joun"est officer of Ina new rank in the borvice. He was then sent to join the Queensland bum ey under Captain Jeffray, ami finally ordered to Melbourne to join Captain Cox and ntterwards Captain Williin son On the hitter djin.: Captain Stanley held command for u short time, and was super scdetl by Lieutenant Armit until the resit; nation of dipt mi Sydnej lett no obstacle to Ina obtaining the command, which he held fur 10 jears, until the Btirvcj waa discon tinned by the \ lctorian Government, and Ins departure for Lngland took place in 187b \\\ inle in 1 ngland lie was offered the post of Becond m the 1 n"lishsurvej, with a prospect of s on obtaining the commund, but Ina nfiïction for the country ol his adoption m duced linn to refuse it, and he procured per mission from the Admiralty to leturn to the colonies Cuptuin btanlej marni d the daughter of the late J C Kiddell, M L A, and leaves two children Mrs. Wooldridge, a well known colonial actress, died on 1 ebruary 11 at Hawthorn, alter a distressing illness of live weeks, al though for some time past her health had bein delicate Mrs Wooldridge was a native of Westminster and was horn on the 4th ot De cember, 181'J bhe commenced her caieer on the London stage when only (ive years of age, and was onginully intended lor a dcnseiM, being trained lor tina branch of stuge art under a celebrated professor of the period After a metropolitan experience, principally at the old Adelphi, she took u provincial engagement, and travelled ill through the United Kingdom, pinjin^ leading parta for several yeara. She was married in 1842 and came out to Australia m 18Da Her first cn gauemtnt iu Melbourne was to Mr. George Coppin in 1859. In after years she supported Mr Barry Sullivan, Mr. Charles Kean, Mr. Walter Montgomery, Mr. Charles Mathews, Mr Joseph Jefferson, Madame Celeste, and many other leading actors. For her Mrs Mould, in "Not Such Fool as He Looks," she was much complimented by Mr. Charles Mathews Mrs WookIndue was a gem ml favourite with nil the members of her profes sieii, and m pri.atc she ivis greatl) liked for her bright, lundi) disposition Mr George Musgrove, of Messrs William- son, Garner, and Musgrove who was a pas- senger for London b) the P. and 0. Ii M S Bingal, will, whilo in -ngluud, endeavour to secure new productions tor tile Australian theatres under the manii^cincnt of that firm, with a Mieci.il regard to Ihe peno 1 daring winch the Melbourne Centennial Inter natte iii Inhibition will be open Mr li Aspinall, son of the late Mr. B C Aspinnll, leaves for London by tho ship Sobraon shortl), to fulfil nn engagement w inch lind Peen offered to him by Mr Henrj Irving, in the Ljceum Oompnnv, on the recommendation of Mrs Chippendale, who has formed a high opinion ol his latent talent ns a comedian Burtle) Campbell's "Siberia" continues to be pla)ed nt the Iheatro Kojal, butit is tobe w ittidravvn on 1 ruin) in favour of a revival of " Iho TerapcsL" "Little, Jack Sheppard" is nearing the end of a satisfactory run at the Opiri house, und is to be succeeded by another piece of the burlesque order, "The 1 orty 'Hueves " "Mixed," at the Bijou, lins been replaced by Irish comedy, with Mr. Grattan Higgs ns the central figure. At the Princess's Theatre the manage- ment aro winding up their season which finishes on the Sith mat, with reproductions oi Gilbertand Sullivan's operas On the 18th Mr W H Woodfield received n benefit,which vvaslargel) attended, and on thedatefiratnien tioned the same compliment will be tendered to Miss Alice Barnett. During the last fortnight the operas per- formed by Mr. Simonsen's Italian Open Company nt the Alexandra Theatre ha\ e been "IPromcssi Sposi," "Lucia di Lammer- moor, " "Lucrecia Borgia," "II Trovatore," and "Faust." The season commenced on the lltli December, 188b, and will end on Tuesday, the 2nd March, with a grand com- plimentary benefit performance in lavour of Mr. Simonsen, to whose enterprise, energj, and good taste Melbourne is indebted tor the presence ot the strongest Italian opera organisation ei er known here. The general undertaking hua been quite successful The Metropolitan Liedertafel, conducted by Mr Julius Her?, gave their 113th concert on Monday night, tho 21st Hist., the locality chosen being the Alexandra Theatre instead of the Town hall, which is now undergoing re decorntion The following Itilian artists bore leading parts in the entertainment, namely .-Signor La_Minni, bignorn Oat!, bignonnii Kebottaro, and bignor Burn, sup purled by the choir and band of the Lieder- tafel. A large and fashionable audience filled the theatie in all parts The Melbourne liiedertatel, conducted by Mr. Julius bicde, gavea "smoke night concert" m the Mel- bourne Athena:um on Tuesday night, the 22ud Hist, at which a lurge attendance was present. The Amateur Orchestral So- ciety made a favourable public appearance on this occasion. Mr. Dal id Lee, the honorary conductor of the Melbourne Philharmonic Societ), having been ordered a long sea journey home on account of ill health, had a. grand complimentary concert given in his favour on Saturday night, the l'Jtli mst, in the Town hall, tho interior of which presented nn unwonted appearance, with whitened walls and gigantic scaffolding. A large nudience was present, the musical entertainment was gratuitously provided by the principal musical artista at that time dis- engaged in Melbourne, and a handsome address and honorarium wero presented to the (-iiiyiciarr- by Sir George Verdon, presi- dent of the society. AGKICULIURE During the last fortnight the alternations of hifeh and low temperatures have been extreme in the colony of Victoria The natural temperature has no doubt been heightened considerabl) b> bush lires, which have notonly swept lar^e areas of grass, but have occurred also in forest lands. AC this season of the year advantage is taken of the favourable con junction of conditions to clear additional areas in Gippsland by the aid of fire effect a tood burn is a point of great financial importance to settlers, ns it involves an immense saving ot labour, whilst in creasing f ivourablc conditions lor reclothmg the disafforested area with pasturage Plouc.li ntg is 1 eme. proceeded with wherever the teams nre not engaged in corung gr un to the nearest stations , this work lins up to the present time lound lull employment for the hands on most iiirmj in the principal wheat areas from the north weat lo the not th east, lbcngri cultural reporter of I lie Auslt utastan having completed Ins annual tour of tho hop grounds, an estlmato of the yield baa been published Hie season has been a favourable one tor the hop crop in the principal districts, but the are i has been so much reduced that the gross _ icld will come far short of what it was last yeur lu 1SS3, the hop market ot the world w ne inflated by a gene« 1 scarcity, ao that tabulons pncea were obtained This occasioned it rush on hop planting, with the nctural result.-fully a double suppl), and unreuiuucrative prices liien commenced a retiocrade movement, S ime growers reduced the area of their plantations and others abandoned the busi ness iwo }cars uc,o a considerable re dud ion ha 1 sud linl) taken place in the arei undér hops, last )>ir the mea was reduced b) 10 per cent, on the preceding season , and this sear the area is not much more than half vv hat it was last season In IS.ij there wi re 1,551 acres under hops, last year the area had been re luccd to 657 utrea and this season it is estimated at not more than GOO acres Well cultivnted gardens will )ield 12 or 1-ivvt, per acre, but others will not riturn more thun 7cwt. per acre It is estimated that the average of the colony will note\ceed 8ewt i cr acre, which, irom an nrca ot 50b acres, gives n groaa return oi 4 OUjcvvt As this quantity is considerably less than Bufhucnt tor Victorian requirements, the ill dustrj appeirs to have returned to the posi tiou of laihnt to supply the local demnuiL SPOKIING On Saturday the 12th mat, the summer meeting of the Victoria Amateur Turf Club was held at Caulfield and the racing was of an interesting ch iracter Hie Oil leigh Han die ip was won by Mr T Jones a Surprise byCountrjman and the Hurdlo Huco by Mr A Davies a Louis I he Criterion Stal es fell to Captain Haimea a AlbertLoddon by Hupidity In the Steeplechase four horses fell at a jump Mr Cox on Salesman was seriously injured and the well 1 nown crosscountry jockey M Gowan rendere I sightless in one eje by one of the h raes i tiling on him Hie race was won I y Mr I Jonesa Goo hvool by bl in lerer Mr J llarhottle s 1 oulette being second Mr M loughlins Britisher by John Lull won the Haw ksburn Handicap Hie 1 nghsh 1 leven have bien defeated by New bouth Wales owing clnellj to the de struetive lowhng oi turner who in the second innings of the visitors took six v icke- f r 27 runs Hie li glishmen were behind their < pponents in both innings their scores being Jil and 100 us ag inst 111 au 1 lbO In the second innings 11 ites (40) and Lohmann (20) were the onlj batsmen who got into doub e figures lurner is generally regarded as the best bowler in Austrilu and most ot the I nghsh eleven have a verj high opinion of Ins ability Hie 1 leven plajel a tvvjdija match against I ighteen oi the northern District of New South \\\ ales at Singleton Hie gani resulted m a draw the se ires being-the 1 leven ti an I 102 and the Lightecn C1 ai d W for the loss ot 12 wickets In the tenth match Victoria v South Austral! i the home team won I y 111 runs In the aocon 1 iuitin.,9 the Siuth Austrihans were all disposed of bj Mil winter and Morris tor r4 runs Midwinter g line I the b vvhn"triphj nn I M Uwraith (ol the M C G Llevi n) the batting prize with a score of 72 Of tim 10 mutches Victoria v South Australia that hive been plajed Vic tona has won six and South Australia four Hie niterc loin I rcgitti held under the auspices ot the Victorian llowing Asbocii tion enmo off on Satur lay last nt Albert pant Hie Inghlj crebtible positions taken in the varioua contesta by scullers from Sandhiirst and Sjdney an 1 by crews from the 1 imar(I aunceston) anl Warrnambool aided new interest to the contests m which these met the best oarsmen of Melbourne Geelong nn 1 Ballarat In Sjdney bicjcln test raec3 between amateurs and prole sionals hive been held In the three mile race 1 W ood (professional) ma le a splcndi 1 spurt left lill the others as if standing ai d won in Jm fils In the 10 mile event 1 Wood had to stop to screw up a pedal uni the finish was between G W Dennett C WoolandC Dvvjer all amateurs \fter a splendi 1 contest bennett won by about Oin from G W ocd the same distance sep irating the second man from Dwj i r I lie time wns 38m -rs 1 VV o 1 bcored 17 points G Len nett 12 C Woo 111 C Du j cr J Wood has thus Bccurcd the trophj INTERCOLONIAL NLW SOU HI WALES. A proclamation has been issued summon ing Parliament to meet on lueBdiiy, March 8 Sir Patrick Jennings, in taking leave of Ins late constituents at Dubbo on 1 ebruary 12 denied the statement of Mr Dibbs that he had broken up tho late Ministry without sufficient reason, and defended the course which lie took regarding the Dibbs Thomson controversy lu explanation of the reason vv Inch bud actuated bim in resigning, he has made public his letter to the Governor, which shows that the sole reason assigned for his resignation was the difficulty which had arisen from the contumacy of the Colonial Secretary (Mr. Dibbs) The following gentlemen have been ap- pointed members of the Legislative Council : -Dr Andrew Garran, former!) editor of the Sildney Mot mug ilir dil ; Mr. S. A. Joseph, who has pri'vioiish tat m both branches ot the Legislature ; Mr G'. A. Llo)d, who repre- sented Newcastle in the last Assembly ¡ Mr. W. 11. Pigott, formerly membor for Canter- bury; Mr. S. A. Stephen, who represented Canterbury in the last Assembly ; Mr. Eben- ezer Vickery, a well known imponer, who has not hitherto taken any part in politics ; and Mr. James Watson, who was Colonial Treasurer in the Inat Piukcs Administration. 'Hie returns furnished by the chief in- spector ot stock show that on Iiecember 31 there were in the eolnnv 365 217 horses, l,3ju,ftG!) tattle, and 3'l.0ï7.907 sheep, being an increase ol 20,520 hornes, 33,G54 cattle, and 1,237,001 sheep since the previous j ear. Mr. George Knox, M.A., has been elected to lill the seat in the University Senate va- cated bv Canon Allwood. The Presbyterian Synod has appointed the Rev. G. Sutherland to represent the bj nod at the General Presbj terian Council to be held in London next)ear. The employes at Hudson Bros.' largo iron works, Granville, received notice on Feb- ruary 12 that a 7J per cent, reduction m their wages would be made. Mr. Henry Hudson, in announcing his intention to reduce the wages, stated that the company had lost i.12,000 during the past 12 months, and that it was absolutely neces- sary to reduce tho expenditure temporarily, owing to the dulness of trade and the keen competition. The company hoped, with the co opciation of the cmuloi/és, to carry on the works at a profit, but it the reduction were not accepted he would have no alternative but to recommend the Bhnreholders to close the works At present ¡370 bandeare cmplojed by the company. On February 15 the men ngreed to accept n reduction of ü percent, and Mr. Henry Hudson promised to recom- mend the acceptance of the compromise. Some interesting particulars respecting the coal product of the colon) have been collected by Mr. Griffin, the U.S consul in S)dney, and embodied in n report for the informa- tion ot his Government. It is shown that the total output of the coal mines of the colony in lSbG vvna 3,000,000 tons, while 40,000 tons ol shale were also produced. hie new sourn walts rLrcnoNs '1 he elections have been continued during the fortnight, and have resulted in the return of an overwhelming majority of freetraders. Up to date 74 freetraders havo been elected, and only 23 protectionists Subjoined is a complete hat of the members of the new Parliament up to date -Sir Ilenrj Parkes, I L Ives St Leonards II lajlor Parra matta, W leece Goulburn , J Garrard, J b Hawthorne Y I bmith llalninin S Burdekin G 11 Reid, W M'Millan, J K. btreet Last Sjdney, Dr Wilkinson, M Chapman Glebe , J See, Gratton , 1 G Lilis, J lletcher, Newcastle, W J 1 oBter 1. J Gibbes, N Hawken Newtown I Sutherland J S larnell W 1 Schey W Stephen Redfern , A J Riley, B li. Wise, Geo Withers, J M toohey, b mth Sydnev , 1 Abigail, A kethel, G Merriman, D 0 Connor, West Sjdnej , J 1 Burns Hie Hunter, S L, lees, Hie Nepean, 1 M Slattery, Burrowa, J N Brunker, East Maitland, Dr Ross Molong, Dr Cortis, Bathurst, C. J RobertB, J H Young, Hustings and Manning \\\ J Lyne, 1 Uajes. The Hume, A Cameron, Kiama, W Clarke V Dalton, Orange, J. C Neild, A Allen, W J 1 rickett Paddington! R, \V 'thompson, West Maitland, A J Gould, Patrick 8 Plains, J Inglis H Copeland, New Lngland , '1 H Hassall, The Gwjdir , EL Clarke J P Gan an, 1 den, G Daj, Albury, W Holborow, L. Bull, Arg)lo, 1 Garrett, W M'Court, Camden, J M Tarlane, Clarence, S Smith, J tonkin, East Mac quarie, J n Carruthers, A Hutchison, W Henson, W L Davies, Canterbury, C L Garland, C D lenncret Carcoar, J nurlej, Hartlej , V Parkes, A H M'Culloch, 1 1 arnell, Central Gum borland , A Bowman Hawl csbury A Rjne, Braidwood, W Y Martin Shoul haven, IT H Cooke, A Stokes 1 orbes, It M Vaughan, Grenfell, J II Want, Gundagai, I U H Goodwin, Gunnedah, J W Bowes, Morpeth, A G taylor, R. J Black, W C Wall Mudgee, N Melville, I Walker, J Creer, Northumberland, F Ja^o Smith, West Macquarie, J M'Elhone, It, D G Fitzgerald, Upper limiter, T Woodward, Illawarra, It, Stevenson, Wollombi, 1' Colls, Yasa Plaina, J Gordon, J. A Mackinnon, Young , 1 Jones, 'tumut, E W 0Sullivan Quean heyan, S W Moore, Inverell, G A Mathe son. Glen Innes , D Perguson Wellington , U. Levien, W S Dowell, lam worth QUEENSLAND Tho border railway to Wallangarra wns opened for traffic on February 14. The)reid of gold at Charters Towers in January waa 13,20Go_ from 7.0G0 tons. Mr J Lissner, M L A , who is going to London as a delegate of the Separation League, was entertained at a banquet at Charters 'lowera on February 11, and pre Edited with a purse of 300 sovereigns besides over ¿400, winch had been subscribed to pay his expenses Hie quantity of sugar exported from the \arioua ports of Queensluid from the 1st January to the 11th I ebruary was 5,GSG tons making ti total of db,73S tons since the 17th July last Messrs John Hamilton and Sons, mer- chants nnd Bugnr planters, of Bundaberg, have filed their petition in liquidation Their liabilities are i J 1,18 j The principal creditors are the Queensland Mortgage and Agency Compnnj, ¿10 000, Mc-,srn Tooth and Co, Marlborough, over ¿5 000 the Union Bank of Auetrulia, J.J.5G0 , Mr N J Howes, ¿1,000 At a meeting of the Tloods Relief Com mittee on 1 ebruary 11 i report wns read from the Logan sub committee to the ellcct that damage in thut district wns estimati d at ¿2J 212 Hie fund now nmounts toiSSJb, besides contributions in kind, which amount to several hundred pounds The Lands department have received a telegram stating that ut Hiurlgoonin Station, on one of the branches c1 the Warrego, near the bordei, and ¿0 miles irom Barringun, the) have struck artesian water at a di pill ot 1100ft The How of water is over l,000i.al per hour, nnd the water rises 20ft. above the surfuce SOUlII AUSTRALIA The Acting Premier, Mr Braj, in reply to a deput mon that waited on lum on 1 ebruary lj said that neither the present nor any other Government could put things straight imme dintely It was however, not likely that the deficit would increase at the old rate lie believed thnt it would be lessoned hy June SO I he income tax bad failed to bring in what was anticipated 1 he Government pro posed to introduce a property tax similar to that which he brought forward Botue j ears ago the Government desire 1 that those should pnj who could best alford it and a system of taxation like that which existed m New ¿ aland was more likely to accomplish tint end than the present sjBtem Ile de fended the irrigation scheme entered into with MeBsrs Chaffey brothers and hoped the electors would agrie that it was awise under til ing Ile denied that the Government hal ever contemplated postponing the elections or the meetm. of Parliament longer than usu ii On Tuesday evening, Mr. Brnj, the Acting Premier. adilriBBed a noisy meeting in the Adelaide Town hull He urged, as the minn items of the Government pohcj, the neccssilj of economy in the public expenditure, the netessitj of milking the wealth) puj taxation, the necessity of encouraging water conserva tion mid lriigntion, of discountenancing the borrowing ot large suma ol money lor works not proved to bo absolutely productive, anti of doing all that was possible to encourage the development of the land, wnether in gold nunin"', irrigation, wattle planting, or in any other way The Government would pro pose to substitute Tor the income tux the New Zealand propertj tax at the rate of Id. in the i, with the exemption of £ri00 That would produce about 1180,000 The Local Government Hill, having theeffect of abolish- ing all grunts in aid, would be reintroduced Irrigation works and wattle planting in the south cast would be conducted with great spirit. Special encouragement would be given to gold mining 'Iherewnseverj nason to believe that at the Teetulpa diggings the men would, alter the rains, be able to uiibIi the dirt to a great deal more advantage than atpiesent. The Jubilee Exhibition, he was convinced, would give an immediate stimu- lus, which, coming at the beginning ol a prospective good season, would start them lairly on the wa) to prosperity '1 lie Commissioner of Lands (Mr. Howe), speaking at Mount Gambier last Saturday, auld that the Government pohev would be made know n at the end of the month. The electrona would take place in Apr.l, the ai rangements being, as usual, the most con- venient tor the country districts lion ever desirable it was to develop the interior of the colony, the time had come when it could not be done upon borrowed money. Mr. Challey had apokeii highlj of the prospects ol irriga- tion on a large scale in the Bouth cast, and the commissioner mentioned the probability ol establishing the wattle industrj in the Bouth cast, which would supply the large tnnnencsin Kngland. The Attorne)-General (Mr Downer) had taken some correspond- ence home with a view of bringing about that object, and if it were completed the com- missioner would Introduce a bill to reduce the upset price ot land there. The Bpeuker referred hopefully to the future of the colony During the last three mondia there have been a large number of rushes for gold in various directions within a radius of 20 miles of Adelaide, and at present a considerable number of diggers are engugcd at work with fnir results At «ne ot the rushes neir Loheth ii about 100 men are working The owners of the private property on which the men are engaged are granting the land ou eau1er terms than tormerl). An agreement foran extensive B)atem of irrigation on the River Murray has been aigned b) the Messrs Chifley and the Com mtasioner of Lundi 'Hie country takenup by Messrs Chaffey ia known as the Book mark run, on the station ot Mr. Robertson. Iuuuedi itel) adjoining the mer is a chain of lbl villis surrounded b> the main creek, which is JOit deep .Messrs Chufle) propose to operate tirst upon a block of 30,000 acres, hilling a frontage of hiv miles to the tiver, and extending inland six miles. 'Hie agreement provides that Messrs Chaffey sh ill receive 23,000 acres adjacent to the Murra), the improvements on the land tobe pud for bj Mcaár-i Chaffey to tho Govern- ment Messrs Chaflej agree to spend in im- provements during the first live jears, 1.35,000, the second filo )ears, £140,000, the tliuil live years, ¿7o,000, the fifth livejeara, ¿oO.OOO 'Hie ùoitlh Australian Retjultr'i returns in connection with the wheat harvest show that the net increase of cultivated lund is 20,000 acres, the mini area being 1,0')7,000 acres, vielding 10,W"i,000 bushels, or live bushels 311b perucre Aller deducting 2,000,000 huahels for seed, nud 1,732,500 bushels tor food, the surplus for export ia estimutcdat 7,103 500 bushels, or 100,000 shipping tons. This is 115,000 lona more than last ¡ear's ex- ports, but 130,000 tons less than in 18-5 Ihe two last seasons together did not yield as much as in lbSl and lb85 b) 50,000 tons. If each of the past two seasons had been equal to those ot 1881 and 18S5 the colony would have been richer by four and a halt millions sterling WESTERN AUSTRALIA. The Perth correspondent of 'The At gua, writing on February 1, remarks:-"We are supposed to be passing through a crisis, due to land jobbing, over speculation, the stoppage of the Waddington railway works, and the unaccountable meanness ot the banka. Certuin it is that money ia ' tight,' that nine-tenths of our trailers are in a somewhat uncomfortable position, and that large numbers ot men, chietly skilled artisans, ure out of employment, while, to make matters worse, the banks have chosen lins time of depression to draw in their lloma, demand reductions of overdrafts, and refuse accommodation. The want of employ- ment for labour is a serious matter, as the lesult is the departure lrom the colony ot immigrants introduced at a great expense, in the circumstances a queer step has been taken Not, ns in your colonies, have the men been pressing for relief works-the men have kept quitu quiet '1 heir cmplojers, con- tractors, builders, architects, and engineers have taken to agitation, have interview-tía the Government, und urged an immediate commencement of numerous public vvorka Received with courtesy b) the Commissioner, they seem to have been fairly satis- fied with the promises extracted, All the money legall) available will soon be put in circulation. In Perth a new poBt-olfice will be commenced ; nt fremantle large railway carnage sheds will be constructed, jetties also will be taken.in bund, the liiinbur) railway will bo started, and various other works of minor character. In this way it is hoped that the 'crisis' will be tided over, and that nothing serious will result. Before long we anticipate a renewal of work upon the Midland Railway, and the commencement of the great harbour woiks at 1'rematitle. Once these undertakings are lairly under way we shall probably hear no mure complaints of wancot work." TASMANIA. Ministers have made no advance in their attcmpta at re-organisation, Mr. Moore has at last positively declined to join the Cabinet in the present circumstances. A meeting of Ministerial supporters has been called for Thursday. The nominations for South Hobart, the seat for which bus been rendered vacant by the acceptance of a judgeship by Mr Dodds, the Attorney-General, will be received up to the 2bth i-ebiuary. The polling will be on March 1. 'Ihe candidates at present an- nounced are Mr. T. Dillon and Mr, A. Inglis Clark. I'he death of Mr. Henry Douglas, brother of the agent-general, has been announced. News hns been received that tho little township of Trial Harbour, on the West Coast, has been totally destroyed by a bush fire. NEW ZEALAND. Parliament has been prorogued until March IG. It is understood that Parliament will not be asked to vote a sum of money towards the Imperial Institute, but that the Govern- ment will appeal for private subscriptions from wealthy colonists. On February 10 the Premier (Sir Ii. Stout) intimated that he had decided to remain in New Zealand, and that the only representa- tives of the colony at the Imperial Conference would bo Sir Wax. Fiuheiberc and birF. Dillon Bell. Sir William Fitzherbert left Wellington on February IG lor Sjdney, en. route for England, to attend the Imperial Conference us repre- sentative of the colony. It is announced that either Sir Julius Vogel or Mr. Ballance, the Native Minister, will introduce a measure next session extending tho Parliamentary lranchise to women. The proposal made by Sir Julius Vogel to hold a maritime exhibition in Auckland next r has not evoked much enthusiasm in the district concerned, and it is now suggested thnt it might prove more attractive it it lol lowed rather than preceded the opening of the Panania Cunnl. Hear Admiral bcott, who has been living in Dunedin loi the past six ) ears, is about to re- turn to Englund, and was recently enter- tained ata banquet, which was attended by nearly ull the leading men of Dunedin. Hia Excellency the Governor, who waa present, referred to the great services which the admiral had rendered to the array and navy when, as Captain bcott, he had nnpioved the old wooden gun carriages. Cail'rey and Penn were executed on Mon- day tor the Great Burrier Island murder. The men kissed euch other on the scaffold. They bore themselves with great composure, and died instantaneously. Advices have been received from Rio de Janeiro oi the resulta ol ii small trial ship- ment of butter, which wus scut there Irom this colony. Some 2721b ol butter sent in three Una realised 21d. per lb , although one of the tins had turned rancid. Deducting all expenses the price received was equal to lid. per Ib., Irom which it would appeur that n profitable market is likely to be opened to New Zealand produce. An American absconder named Banks, late cashier to Messrs. Wills and i'nigo, has been discovered ni Raiatonga. He intends staying, as there is no extradition law appl) ing to that island. An Amencan detective has lcit Tubiti for Raratonga. NEW GUINEA. News from Thursday Island states that two men named Goodalls w mid Thomson, who were prospecting on the mainland, in the neighbourhood of the Jardine River, were attacked by natives with Snider rilles, spears, and axes, Goodshnvv was dnngerously wounded, nnd was removed to Thursday Island, where hu now lies in a critical condi- tion. It is intended to despatch a Ueet in Milich to prospect the coast ot New Guinea for pearl shell. THE NEwTT-BltlDIia. The Government agent of the labour schooner Helena, now at Bundaberg, Queens- land, Mr. Aubrey C. Cecil, has addressed the following tetter to the assiatunt immigration agent there:-"During the vojage of the Helena the following intelligence was given to, and the lacts ascertained by, me relative to the movements of the French m the Now Hebrides, winch I trust )ou will communi- cate to the Chief Secretary. When in Port banilivich on the ¡Ith December the French ollicers told me that the) wero about to erect lorts tor the protection of the port, one nt the Nortli Head, one at the end of the baibour lacing the entrance, und one near the companys store ; and also that the number ot soldiers was to be in- creased to 2J0, und thnt new barracks weie to built Whilst in Uraparapara, on the 8th Jan- uary, the natives reported that a French war- ship had been there, and had pegged off land near the entrance to the harbour on both aides ot the heads, on which it was saul that they intended to eiectsinall batteries Whilst nt Point Olroy, or Espíritu Santo, the French despatch vessel Guichen came to the anchor- age, nnd landed n white missionur) priest. I boarded her, and was told by the commander that they had within three da>s pnoi landed three other priests, two at Mate, in Villa Harbour, Sandwich, and one on private properly at Proctor's Bil), which has been or will be bought by the Wealeyan missionary body." SAMOA. News has been received to the effect that the Hawaiian Embassy ntApia was trying to pave the way for the annexation of Samoa to the Sandwich Islands The American and English residents arc Bald to be m lavour of the idea but the Germana and Samonns are nor 1 he latter treated the members of the embassy very discourteously mr DISIURBANCES IN TONGA On Pebruary 10 the Premier of New 7ealand (Sir R, Stout) in the absence of the Governor who was visitin" West Coast bound télégraphe 1 from W ellington to the idnural asking lum to send u man of war to longa, to ascertain what was taking place there and pointing out that if there were adiBturbmce a foreign vessel might be asked to lund n force mil that if this were done it might be very difficult to induce a foreign power to withdriw that force Next day admiral 1 Don replie 1 that he would send a vessel when the cyclone sens m was over the Admiral state 1 that there dil n< t nppear to bo any urgent necessity for ncti n W hen the schooner left longa nutters were quieting dt vvn mid there beemed to be no danger of lifebein" lost Six natives were condemned to loath for the attempte 1 assassination of Mr Baktr which was referre 1 to in last summary One of them was formerly a servant of Mr linker When the King heirJ tint a petitan tore ) n ve ti e condemned men waa being signe 1 by the white people he immediately ordere 1 the criminals t > he tal cn to Snake Island and shot at once 1 he soldiers hal orders to return ut lark so that no one sli ml I know who hal tired Had Mr Biker been killed bis supporters sav that they would have retaliated by murdering Mr Moulton lhe state of aflairs in 1 ngi was brought under the attcuti in ot the Premier of \ ictor a on J ebruary lo by Mr Coutts Hotter nctmg consul for the British Government in longa who is at present m Melbourne Mr Gillies was assured that the British residents m Tonga view the situation with considerable anxiety, and earnestly desire the intervention of the Imperial Government Hie King of longa ia a very old man about 90 years of age and while he lives mattera may ho temporarily arranged na he ia venerated by the natives but Ins health is failing and Ins early de ith may he expected It is considered hiüily probable that his son a young tellowof three or lour and twenty will not be able to com ran ntl the adherence of the chiefs of the various islands in which event serious troubles are anticipated It is therefire urged that the Imperial Government b1» ml 1 come to a prompt decision as to the course of action to be taken At a meeting of the committee of pnvi leges of the New South Wales Wes le) an Church on luesday last communi citions nero read from the Rev J 1 Moulton who has charge ot the W cale) in Mission in longa detailing the trout] a tim Ugh winch the Wesleynns m the islands are passing Mr Moulton btites that the attempt ugainst the life of air Baker was mude by escaped prisoners who were not con nected with the Weale)un body but that every effort had been made to fix the bl une upon the adhérents of the church and the nil' ur hud been made tho pretext tor aseries of outrages upon Wesleynns who had been subjected to violence by armed men with a view of inducing them to desert tho Wes lejan Church nnd join the I ree Churches tabhshea hy Mr Baker Hie j eoplc who re mainel linn were banishe 1 lrom the towns, had their property ioote 1 and lind to submit to all sorts of har lslups Mr Baker had filled the prisons with prisoners, ninny ol whom were Wesley ans Six men vv ere shot on 1 ebruary 4 only one of whom was a W ealey an Six more were condemned to death on the 2nd tilt and all the cllorts to secure a reprieve or a suspension of the execution had been in vam Mr Moulton a communications disclosed a state ot aOuirs bordering upon anarchy, mid the committee passed resolutions with a view of securing to members of the church who remained firm to Methodism their rights und protection from further persecution and buffering Later news has been received from longa by the s s. Arawata, which arrived in A c1 land from 1 iji on 1 ueeduy 1 ive more natives bud been condemned to be shot and ¿0 were still awaiting tri ii Documents uave cometo light showing that a plot hu 1 been coucocte 1 to deport Mr Baler lrom longi Another conspiracy liad been formed for his assasama tion on Innuary 1 but lum some ouse or other it was nut successful A vv bite man went to the palucc and told Mi Baker that shooting must else or he would lumseli shoot Mr 1) ii cr at.tlic same time nourishing a revolver in the Premiers mee An urgent request for tho presence of the High Commis Moiler and n man ot war had bien receive 1 Hie British consul at longa refused to interfere Hie puesta had uppealed for 1 rench protection, and a 1 reach warship waa expected MONETARY AND COMMERCIAL 7lie Argus Office Wednesday Evening The P and O li. M S Bengal sailed on the 10th mat, with passengers and mails for 1 urope and the 1 nst. Hie R. M S Carthage, with the 1 n.lisii mails to January 7, arrived on the 11th mat Ihe Carthage hud a pleasant vojage except on one occasion in crossing the Indian Ocean when she had to be manoeuvred to escape the influence of a heal) c)clone Hie R.MS Orient arrived in the bay from London, on the 18th mat, with a full complement of passengers andafairquantityof general cargo Hie Clumber izo sided for london, via Adclai le on the lUth nisi. Stn took with her a heavy cargo, ot whicn the principal items were 2 710 bags of wheat 200 bales of wool, and 10 bales of skins Hie Chimbo razo also took m in S)dnoy a good deal of cargo, consisting of tin, wool, pre served meats, pearlshell, wine, _c., and a quantity of specie. During the past lortnight business has not been so brisk as was anticipated though the general surroundings ot trade are cn eouraging and so i e improvement is looke 1 for shortly Hie recent rams have greatly benefited the country, and if lurther ruins come in their usual course, a good season both tor pastoralists and agricul turists is expected Besides this trade is on a very sound basis m this colony, and no dilhcultiea of any consequence have occurred, though in the neigh bouring colonies the position ia not so bat factory At the anne time, tride in 1 urope and America ¡a reviving and this must be rellecte 1 on trade here Stocks also of most articles are moderate so than any increased demand would probably affect prices an 1 cause a considerable advance in values Iho money market also shows «onie si"ns of weakness and easier rates are looked tor be fore long 1 his vv ith better | rospects of trade «Iiould lead to increased activity Hie w< ol sales which li ive just close 1 have been luirly satisiaetor) and Bhould the demand continue fair prices may be tool ed tor during the next sérica. Besides this we h ive a large crop of wheit having a considerable surplus to dispose ot, which with the better returns from wool should increase the prosperity of the colimes Hie general surrounding and position of trade are cert linly very encourug ing lrausact-ma up to the present have however been chiefly confined to Bmall parcels for oubnary tride requirements and few sales of ans importance have transpired Tor bulk nies a fair demnn 1 is experienced mid Bales of the different brands are making steadily at lull prices I or bottled ales and stouts there Iiib b cn a good demand and lair s iles ot the different brands aro reported at a"uit8 quotiuons In jute goods anio leinte business is doing Cornsacks h ive been in fair request but till yesterdnj few salesof any colite ni nee wereie ported Bujers hid uppnrentl) been satislie I lor the present und unless the crop turns out considerably larger th in is expected stocl s are sufficient to meet all rmuirements Owing to telegrams having been received from Calcutt i reporting n linn marl et there some larger lines have recentl) been tiken up, while prices nlso show some shjit improvement Lastwiek tri le sales were makin, at Is 10 I , but latterly Is lid andos have I con pul Stocks are m lew hunda nul hollers uro firm anticipiting some improvement in vulues. Io day a more active denian I has been exi eneiice I m 1 siles have been effected at up to Gs IJ I Bran bigs continue in short aupplv and ure firmly held 1er Is Jl nt which figure a few snle3 have been effected \\\ oc l| neks have not had much attention ant we have only heard t f trade sales at fr nn 2a to 2s 21 m bon 1 for 11-Jlb pack 1 or caniles a go 1 di man 1 is experience 1 nnd owing to the firmness of liol lers i rices show some slight imiroument Seine tims have b»en sol 1 nt 7d while lor other disuiptions a similar li"ure has been obtained Coffee is in sh rt supply nn 1 ia firm at late rutes I here has not been so go d a demand tor fish irade salea of s dm n are mikuirMit up to U_, but no large lines ure chnn"in" hands bardines last week were in eiod request but Utterly very little li ia been done altogether lixmt 100 cases vv ere cleared off ut up to 8s fi r h lives which nie scarce nnd up to Is 61 for qunrtera Jingisscirce and lecently pírcela have been disn aed of at up to rd Other descriptions have liai mo lernte attention at late rates Daring the past it rtnight the breadstufls market has been inirly active but transactions have not been on so liberal a scale ns was exiectel lor Hour the demnn 1 has been confined to small parcels for or Unary trade requirements and lew sales of any importance li ive transpired Prices also aro slightly weaker mid for country branda from ¿87a GI to ¿S 1 is ia quoted Roller made realises tip to ¿10 10s lor wheat a fair Inquiry Ima been mnintamed but owing to the wet weather and the indiapositi in shown by farmers to sell Iretl) the business dono lins not boen bo largo as was expected Owing to the decline in values in London export operation have been checked and no fresh engagements have been made recently. Altogether about 18,000 tons lune been engaged to take wheat, which, with the addi- tion of spnce onguged for parcels, wnulil pro- bably reach 24,000 tons This is considerably less than ut the same time in previous years, and it our surplus is tobe sent ana), will have to be materially increased during the next few months. Owing to the difficult) m obtaining delivery and the light stocks held b) millers, prices have advanced, and today from 3s _0£il. to3«. lid is quoted tor parcels ex station and fob I'eetling grains nre quieter, and prices do not show anv material altera- tion Tor fruits a good demand Ima been niain tainid, and sales are making steadily at full prices Currants are scarce, mid in few hands ; prices also show some slight improvement ; durum the pist week about DOO cases have been disposed of at 6,¡d. dut) paul, and S^d. in bond lor export In raisins, also, we hear ot the quittance of 1,000 boxes of sultanas at a full price. Deines are moving oil Btendilv at late rates I or hops a moderate demand is experienced, but buyers do not show an) disposition to purchase freely Tor the small parcels of new hops that have come to hand lrom lid to Is Jd has been obtained, ac- cording to sample Recent reports lrom Gippsland state that the spider has done con- siderable dum ige lil some of the carilcns Our estimâtes, which were published in last weeks issu-', have been prncticall) confirmed by private advices since received Mult is mavin.: olf Ireely at late rates In metals little of importance has transpired, the de- mand bemgofii limited character Importers, owing to recent advices from Europe, have ni man) instances advanced their prices, anti this seems to have cheeked buyers for the prest.nt For mia there is very little demand, and feiv sales are making A good mquiiy continues for oilmen's stores, and sales of the different descriptions are making trcely at agents' prices For Bugara a good demand l8 maintained Holders ure very firm, anti as supplies coining forward aro light there seems every prospect of a further advance in values Stocks in first hands at present are very light, and nre only about one third of what they were last year, while the quuntity iilloat is also considerably less than at the same period last)ear At the same time prices here, although they have udv meed materially since the beginning of the year, are lower than the costol best Mauritius The shipments from China have fallen off latterly, ami there does not seem to be any immediate prospect of any large ship- ments being matle 1 rom the telegraphic messages recently received the exports from Queensland for the seuson have been over 30,000 tons, and allowing 11 000 tons for con- sumption (which is less than some would estimate), this would bring the crop up to 50,000 lona As more than half tho year has pissed, there cannot he very much left in stock in Queensland, which ia proved by the high prices ruling in Brisbane. At auction yesterday about 2,700 packages of Queensland and Fiji were» cleared oft at from J 22 tor grejs up to £23 for Une w lutes Price* in Borne instances show an advance of about 10s per ton To day the entire cargo of the Mary Campbell, from Queensland, was ofiered, and about 7,000 packages sold, at prices fully supporting the advance ob- tained yesterday. Privately we havo only heard ot about 4,000 packages of Queensland having been quitted at up to £25, while sales of Mauritius brew ing sugars nre reported at up to Í.27 10s. 'lhe Company's sugars have been in gootl request, and during the week about Û0O tons have been Bold at their quota- tions. 'Hie prices for these were raised on Monday last, and now stand at 125 for No 1, £22 10s for No 2, and ¿19 for No. 3 For tena there ia a fair demand, and sales are making steadily at full prices. There is no doubt that the statis tical position of the local market is a very strong cue, and there seems every prospect of a material advance in values before the close of the season At the same time the English market is fairly firm, while stocks do not show the increase that might have been expected, owing to the heavier imports since the opening of the season At the timber sales yesterday tnc bidding was not brisk. A portion ot the oregon was eleured ofi at from £5 to £5 Cs. For the cedar late ratea »vero obtained, while butts showed a slitiht improvement In tohaccoes nothing of importance lias como under our notice, the demand being confined to small parcels for ordinary tratle requirements. For wines there is a good demand, nnn sales of the dif feient desctiptions are making steadily at full prices. 1 or spirits a lair inquiry con- tinues, but transactions have been mostly of trade parcels llennessy's brandy ib scarco, and 30s ia asked. Uahcr'B 0. V.u. in case ia also in very short supply. Bank Rates -In discounts there is no change, and the latea remain as follow. Discount on three months' bills, 7 percent per annum , be) ond that currency, 8 per cent per annum Interest on over- drawn accounts, 9 per tent per annum 'Hie rates of interest aro unchanged, und are as tollovv :-Di posits for 3 months 3 per cent, for 0 months 4 per cent, and for 12 months 5 per cent Exchange -T here is no alteration in the rates, and for 00 days' Bight bills on London tiley are as follow -Bujmg, 20s per cent discount, and selling at par Hie latest dates received are ns follow : l'rom London, 1 ebruary 23 ¡ New York, February 22, Calcutta, January l8 ; Mauri- tius, January 7 ; Hong Kong, January 19 ; Foochow, January 4 , Manila, January 7 ¡ Batavia, December 29. BANKS AhU PUIIMO COMPANIES. The ninth ordinary hall-yearly meeting of shareholders m Langlands' Foundry Company Limited waa held on February 17, at 19 | Market street. Mr. C. J. Jenner occupied the chair. The adoption of the directors' re- port and balance sheet was moved by the chairman, seconded by Mr. 1!. Skeeles, and carried unanimously. The chair- man Btated that the company's affairs were in a very satisfactory Btate, and that about the only cneumstunce which the direc- tors had to regret was the tact of the Govern- ment having determined in the future to have ali pipes over ISin. in diameter made of wrought iron. 'Plus waa to bo regretted, inasmuch as the company had spent a large amount of money in the establishment of a east iron pipe making industry Hie direc- tors, how over, hoped that the company would still receive orders from the Govern- ment and others for pipes under ISm. in diameter, and that m course ol time tlio company would be able to recoup itself the very large outlay expended on this industry. Over £30,000 hud been paul by the company in wages alono in connection with tins work during the last l8 months, and the company expected to p ly a considerable further sum during the current year bo far not one penny oi the profits arising lrom the work at the pipe factory had been taken to the credit of the company's profit and loss accounts, the whole of it having been written off the cost of the plant, buildings, and npphauccs made specially tor tile work. Messrs. W G Sprigg and D E M'Dougal were unanimously re elected direc- tors ot the company to fill the places of those retiring, and Mr Granville S Pi was re elected as the company's auditor lur the current )enr. The chairman an- nounced that the dividend of 10 per cent, aB recommended to be paid m the directors' report, would be payablo ut the head offices ot the company, Yarra- bank, on and after (following) Tuesday 'Hie proceedings were terminated hy a unanimous vote ol thanks bi ing passed to the directors, manager, and olia era ol tile company. '1 lie iirst nunn ii meeting of. the share- holders of the Picturesque Atlas Publishing Company Limited, of bydney and Melbourne, was held at the bydney olhee of thecompiny, 11 Wynyard square, on Monthly, the 11th inst, Mr. J W. Johnston being in the chun when the report and b dante sheet to Deci'tr. her 31, ISSb, were leceivetl and adopted. The report Btated that the Pietuuujue Alias was being very lavouiuhly receivetl in all the centres that have been reached by the de- liverers, anti the shareholders were congratu- lated on the success attained by the company. The retiring directors, Messrs li S Cinp man, 1 rank M'N'cil, and S M'Cardel, wero re elected, anti Mr. Donald Cormack waa re elected auditor A unanimous vote of thalikb waa passed to the directora riitobs cuntiKM. The following aro the ruling prices ' An (bulk) ii s. d. £ B. d. Bls"s .7 10 0 .. - c-trlWo Company .. .. 7 10 0 .. - M'ltvaus .7 0 0 .. 1 6 0 Aitken'» .7 0 0.. - Cooper and M Lcod "000.. - Win Vouugcr and Co. ..000.. - Air (bottled) latter and Son's Euglo Brand .011 0 .. - Toi ter s Bulldog brand .. 0 10 0 .. - Head Broa 's Vog Head .. 0 10 0 .. - btono and bons .. .. 0 10 0 .. - Aitken a .0 0 8 .. 0 10 0 Itass bottled by Burke .. 0 10 8 .. - M'Lnana .0 10 0 .. - At>"'lo Bavarian .. .. 0 10 0 .. - Basas Wheel Brand,. .. 0 10 0 .. - Daw, bottled by lhlcrs and Bell.0 10 0 .. - Altchohun's .. _ .. 0 9 0 .. 0 10 0 Blood's .0 0 0.. - Hall u Bo-ir's Hoad .. ..000.. - Win 1 oilligcr and Co. ..000.. - T I' Grlllin .. ..000.. - Cooper and M'Lood'a ..080.. - bt Louis La"cr Boor .. 0 11 0 .. - Kilter do .0 0 0.. - Tenncnt's Alo, quarts 10s.; nlntaOa Ud bimi (Bulk)- _ s. d. £ s. d Guinness s.7 10 0 .. - Win Vouiigcr and Co. ..700.. - Stout (Bottled) fduiond's PI.- brand .. 0 10 8 - 0 10 0 Porter'» llulldoqr . . 0 10 0 .. - Guinness H.bottlcd by Uurko 0 10 3 .. - Hoad Uros ' Uulldoçr .. 0 10 3 .. - billillie!,» », bottled by M. II l'oster.0 10 0 .. - Guinness, bottled by Hilera and Uell .. .. 0 10 0 .. - Halls Hoar's Head (stone) 0 10 0 .. 0 10 1} Olilanes:, s, bottled by atone anti bons .. .. .. 0 10 0 " - Blood Wooll's .. .. 0 U 0 .. 0 0 9 Uulune is'», bottled by Woolie, Blood, and Co . 0 10 0 .. - Guinness Whool braud _ 0 io a _ -? £ a, d.- i) a. d, 0 linen'sDaggerbrand .. 0 0 0 .. 010 0 Guinness'!, liottlod by K. Johnson and Co.0 10 8 .. - Tennent a ., *.. ,.080'_ . DAOS. UauQ-Q (In bond)- . . Bran bona. - ..480 Gunny do. (trou) .. " 0 4 3 " o 4 4 Cornss- kB .. .. .. - ..OS it Madai-Siar pocket? .. 01 0 " OSOr Woolpack«, llijlb. (In bona) - ..020 Do. lojlb.0 1 8 ... 0 1 g CA&DI-S; 1-vu btcarlno .. ..0 0 0} .. _. belilcdam .0 0 7.. _ ho ltoubalx, Odcnkoven, anil Co.0 0 7.. - Brendon .0 .0 0} .. -. Orient Paraflne .. ..008.. _ Gondn's .0 0 CJ .. - Ipollo (colonial) .. ..007.. - Do., Comet (lo.0 0 0} .. - Kitchen's rotrollnoa, do. .. 0 0 OJ " 0 0 J Bo. Star brand, do.0 0 0} _ _ Ho. Carritti.0 0 1)1 ... - Do. licdroom.0 0 fll .. - Do. Lamp.0 0 7} .. 0 0 85 CllMlSST Goslin-s .. .. -01-0.. - Knlidit, Dovau's .. .. 0 12 0 .. - Whl-'a .0 12 0 .. _. Llclitliouso .. - 1. 0 12 0 .. - ? lVlll.11.0..870.. - 1*1-B-.II American .0 l8 0 .. 0 14 6 CUBMICAI Cauitloaotla, 70pcroont... l8 0 0 .. l8 10 0 Carbonato soda .. .. 10 10 0 ., _ baltput-1 .10 0'.. ,- , bll-Utosoda.10 0 0 "10 10 0 Tartarloaukl.0 1 0} .. - Cream of tartar .. ..013}.. - 1 loners of sulphur .. ..14 0 .0 .. - rreparcd opium " .. 1 2 0 ... 1 6 0 Chico ni III tin..0 0 6 .. - In othor pad-coa .. ..0 0 4L .. -. Col ens (in oom!) Ceylon Plantation No. 1 .. 0 0 11 .. - Java.0 0 10 .. - Other kimlt, up to .. ..0 0 OJ .. _? COSPBCTlOMtBY Victoria a-Orted .. ..0 0 0} .. -. Calulu- peel.0 0 7} .. 0 0 SI Jujuboa, up to .. .. 0 1 0 " - COHUAOl. liest Manilla hemp, Vio -triau-mode, up to .. 58 0 0 " _. Do. do., jin. to jin.05 0 0 .. _ Do. dp. flat ropes,aocordinjr * toslzo .78 0 0 .. 81 0 0 Kew Zealand flax ropes ..200,. _. Do. do., cordage sizes .,270.. -. Hay lashings.1 12 0 .. - Beaming tullis .. ..010.. - bhop twine .. _ .. 0 0 10 .. 0 1 0 Full lladdooka.0 0 0 - 010 0 -erringe, Kippered, lib. , c tin. _ .. 0 10 0 .. 0 10 0 Do., Rod, In barrels .. 1 7 0 " 1 8 0 Do. do. In kits .. .. 0 14 0 .. - Do., lib.fresh " .. 0 0 0 .. 0 0 0 Ung (now) .. .. .. 0 0 4} .. 0 0 S Cod (American, .. "00 21 " - Lobsters, lib. tins .. "009.. - 0) stcrs, lib. tina .. "003.. - Salmon, lib.tins (Auiorleau) 0 0 0.. - Do. salt .0 0 21 .. 0 0 3 Sardlnea (halvM) .. .. 0 7 0 .. 0 8 0 Do. (quarters) .. .. 0 4 C " 0 4 0 Pcoun ano aiunt 1'lour, Victorian .. -870.. 028 Pian.0 0 10 " 0 0 11 Pollard .. .. _ 0 0 10 " - Oatmeal, Victorian.. " 17 0 0 - - 1'earlbarloy.17 0 0 .. l8 0 0 Wheat. " 0 8 10} " 0 8 11 Oats New Zealand, In bond "020.. - Milling, Victorian, freo "080.. - Victorian feed .. .. 0 2 0 .. 0 2 10 Cape sorts.. - "024.. 027 Earlo) - -utting .. _ "080.. 044 Cape, loednie; _ _ 0 2 10 " - Maize 00 day Victorian _. " 0 4 S .. 0 4 8 Pom. _ 0 8 1_ " 0 3 2 FllülTS Curran- .. .. " 0 0 6} " 0 O G] n_), eloino, m lib. boxea .. 0 4 0 _ 0 6 0 Datei (now), boxea .. " 0 0 4 .. 0 0 o .Ionian almonds .. .. 0 1 0 _ 0 1 10 I-Usina MusaateIs, layors, primo "010"012 Líeme. " 0 O lil .. O 0 6} Sultana. 0 0 !>} " - French prunos (bottles) .. 0 1 0 _ O 1 1J Dried apples.. .. " M 1 . O O 1¡ Gunrowiitu Curtis and Harvey'« " 0 0 OJ " - Hall's masting .. "007.. - l.uimcs'a do. .. ... ..0 0 Oí " - bliarp's do. " .. " 0 0 OJ " - llora Kout (1880), duty paid .. 0 1 d " 0 1 8 Tasmanian (18S0),ln bond.. 0 0 I) " - Victorian (1-6) " " 0 0 S " 0 0 8 Do. (ISSU) .. .. 0 0 7 .. 0 0 10 Bavarian (1886) " " 0 1 0 " 0 1 8 M act Kngllsh (now) " " 0 0 6 .. 0 11 0 Victorian .. _ "O6D..OO0 Min-als- ' Clalvanlaod Iron, boat brands .10 16 0 " 17 0 0 Pig Iron .8 12 8 .. 4 0 0 Par mid rod Iron .. .. 8 0 0 " 8 10 0 Slieet Iron, Noa. 8 to l8 .. 0 0 0 " 11 10 0 Hoopiron.0 10 0 " 10 0 0 Fenuinir wiro, according to brand and number .. 8 10 0 .. 0 IB 0 rig load .10 0 0 .. 10 10 0 Lead shot.23 0 0 .. 30 0 0 Sheet lead.20 0 0 .. - Wliltolead.23 10 0 " - Mun-metal.0 0 OJ .. - Kwbanlts' nalia .. .. 10 to 20 p. 0. off Hat Frenen do.0 15 0 .. 0 10 0 American do.0 13 0 .. 0 10 0 Collina and Sharp's heavy axee.. 7.2 l8 0 " - Amca'a shovola .. .. 2 10 0 _ - Da) s' D.U. shovola, 31ln. to Süin.2 0 0.. - Other maicera' do., do. .. 1 10 0 .. - Ilolloiraro.SO to 374 p. 0. oft list Zino.21 0 0 " 22 10 0 -iiplatoa, IX coko .. .. 0 22 0 " 0 21 0 Do., IO coko.0 17 0 " 0 l8 0 Do.. IO charcoal .. .. 0 22 0 .. 0 24 0 Oils Llnsccd, boiled in bulk (D.P.) ..080.. - Do., in drums .. .. 0 3 3 " - Ohio, in bulk (D.P.) "040.. - Do., in drums .. ..040.. - Colza, lu druina (duty paid) 0 4 0.. - Do. (In bulk).0 3 0 .. 0 8 8 Tlirpeiitlno do., do .. ., 0 2 10 .. - Chinese, in Una (in bond).. 0 2 8.. - Castor, incas-(In bond).. 0 2 0 .. 0 2 .0 l'ulni (freo).27 0 0 " 28 0 0 Cod (freo).0 3 6 .. 0 S 7 Cocoanut .27 0 0 .. 27 10 0 Whalo.82 10 0 " - Kkkosk.-ib (In bond) Aurora .* 0 Comet.0 " Diamond" .. " " 0 "Llghtof thoAgo,"150dcg. 0 Crystal, IGOdoir. .. .. 0 1 0 " - Snowfhko.O10" - Downer's .0 18.. - " On--i'h Stores lil-lit currant Jolitos .. 0 14 0 " - lied Cross lib jauia "040.. - CaIrns'a maruialado.» "080.. - Kcilter- .0 7 3.. - Silad oil, 0. and B. quarts 10 0.. - Do., do. pints .. " 0 11 0 .. - Do., do halt-pint- .. "070.. - Do., Horton'»pints.. .. 0 10 0 .. - Do., do linllilo.0 B 0 " - Castor oil, pints .. " 0 7 fl " - Do, half do.0 4 0 .. _.- , baucci, according to branda 0V 5 0 .. 0 10 ô Holbrook'» Worcester 6OUC0 0 7 0 " 0 7 8 Do pint pickles .. " 0 9 0 " 0 9 8 bwissmilk.0 ü 9 " - bcandinavlan do., Parla gold mcdal brand*. "069.. - < Capera.0 7 0 " 0 7 8 Iii) ant and Slay's vesta» " 0 4 8 " 0 4 4} -.tiller's do.0 4 41 " - Ii Hell's do.0 4 8.. - Hell and Dlacl.'a do. .. 0 4 ii .. - Colman- mustard, 71b. tina 0 0 8*.. - por doz. Do. do., lib. tina .. .'. 0 10 0 .. - Do. do., Jib. tina .. "00 0 .. - Do Obi', Jib. tina.. " 0 0 1} " - Do do, 111». Ulli1".. " 0 l8 a " - Keen's DsF, lib. tina " 0 l8 8 " - Do. do., Jib. tina " "008.. - Do. do., Jib. tina .. "064.. - Do. Durham, "lu. tina .. 0 0 8} " - Victorian preparod mustard, in boxea.0 10 0 " - por lb. Do. do., lib. tins " "012.. - Do. do , 71b. tina " "012.. - Victorian cocoa, according quality .0 0 0 " 0 1 S Tai lort cocoa " .. 0 1 S .. - I»'s cocoa.0 18.. - Vti 's doublo solublo choco lato .0 12.. - Victorian ohocolato.. .. 0 1 1 .. 0 1 8 Hobin-m'a patont grunts .. 0 0 0.. - Colinan's whito and bluo eta rch .0 0 6.. - Orlando Jono- do. "006.. - Hermann's rlcefitarch ..0 0 1} .. - ilurveyand Noilllo'ado. .. 0 0 41 " 0 0 I Loma and VVhltty'a white and blue do.0 0 41.. - Do square bluo .. " 0 0 0 " - Colinan's thumb bluo .. 0 0 11J .. - K«_-i Oxford blue. "000.. - bano and tapioca .. .. 0 0 1} .. 0 0 2} Macaroni and vermlcolll "008.. - " .. lllack pepuor.0 0 8.. - Whito do. .0 1 01 " 0 1 1 Golatlno .0 4 8 .. 0 12 0 Vlnogar, bottled " " 0 6 9 " 0 7 6. Holbrooks puro malt vino. gar.U 7 0 .. - . Do. bulk .0 10-01» Soap Kltohon's " Anchor," p. ton Ï8 0 0.. -. Do. best palo.21 0 0 .. - D-"G.obo" .. .. 14 0 0 " - Do. "Hoi-ohold" .. .. 13 0 0 .. - QUICKSILVBII- _ , In bottles .0 2 4 .. O S _ t K'0«- . .» ." - Koiv Patna (In bond) "lu 0 0 "12 10 0 Japan dressed (duty paid).. 18 10 0 " 19 O 0 I'atna, old (duty paid) .. 20 0 0 " - SAIT- . Liverpool coarse .. " 8 6 0 .. 8 7 o Do,, lino .4 0 0 " 4 6 0 London Btoicd .. .. 4 7 0 .. 4 10 0 Jar, .0 6 0.. - Kock (duty free) .. .. 2 10 0 " 2 15 0 Suoaii (duty paid)- > Ä . Crushed loaf, Dutch .. 24 10 0 .. 26 0 0 Whito, fino to finest "MOO "2110 0 Do,me_lum.22 10 0 .. 23 0 0 China whites, fino to finest 23 10 0 "21 0 0 Anieriuan granulated .. 21 0 0 .. - lirewing cristal», fino to finest .. .. .. 20 0 0 " 27 0 0 Yellows, Ono to flnost ..18 10 0 "20 10 0 Ilrown.. .14 0 0 " 1U 0 0 nations .13 0 0 .. 14 0 0 Victorian Sugar Cotnpany'a (duty paid) No.! .! .. " _ 25 0 0 .. - Ko. 2.22 10 0 " - No. 3.Ill 0 0 .. - Tbah (in bond) Foochow : Low common leafy " 0 0 G1 " 0 0 7 Coiunion to ordinary .. 0 0 71 .. 0 0 8 Ordinary to lilcdinm " 0 0 81 " 0 0 01 Medium to Uno .. .. ft 0 10 .. 0 0 111 Milo tollncst .. .. 0 1 0 .. 0 1 8 Choleo .0 1 2 .. 0 1 6 linlsow, buds, com. .. 0 0 8 " 0 OW Do, Uno.0 1 0 " 0 1 I S. 0. 1'ukoo, com. .. 0 0 0 ,. 0 0 IO . Do, fino.0 0 10 .. 0 1 3 Do.. Canton mako "007-001 0 01 .. - 0 0Í .. - 0 91 .. - : "£ s.d. " Indlsn : Broken leaf .. "009, Pekoo Souohont;.. .. 0 0 10} Pekoe .0 0 11 Orange pekoa .. .. 0 1 2 . Ti IIB" American Lumber Clear pino, acoordiug to sizo and quality .. .. 14 10 0 . W.P.T. and 0. celling .. 0 17 U . blielvlng .0 7 0. Baltic and Scotch Flooring lied, OxlJ, T. and G. ..080, Ho,lix j, do.0 0 U . Ho., 8xj, da .. ..OSS. Ho., a x C, do beaded ..0-10, Dd., Ox i, do., do.0 4 2. Weatherboards .. ..060. White, Ox li, T.and O. ..07«. Po., Ox J, do. .. "003. Do., OX j, do.DUO. Do., Ox J, do.0 4 3. Do., 0 x », do., do.0 4 .'! . Do, Oil, do, do.0 3 0. Weatherboards .. ..047. Ballia lied Deals 8x4,9x8.3d. 9-1(1 .. 11x3.4d. IMIl . 8 \ 3, 7 x .1. 7 X 51 .. .. 2d. 16-1(1 . Oregon limber .. .. ft >G 0 . boruca deals and battens .. 0 0 2J . Blackwood logs, according lo size and quality .. 0 10 0 . Kauri log*.0 10 0 . Sawn hardwood .. ..070. TOBACCOiS Colonial-made : Common to best .. ..014« Ithelnitold cigars (D.B.).. 7 0 0. Imported : Common quality natvvork 0 1 D. , Twists : Haven .0 14. St. Andrevva .. " 0 1 31 . Black Hank .. ..013}. Aromática : Victory.0 1 10 . Mabel .0 1 11 .. Golden Eagle .. "01 11 . park Kavles : Tvvob'eos.0 14. Tcnnent's.0 12 ., S neon of the Seas "014.. lack Hawk .. "012., Clears : Slanila cheroots .. .. SOO . ¿suevo Uavanas .. .. 2 li 0 ., Genuino Harnnaa i. 13 0 0 ., Orniond's(Svvlsa).. .. 1 13 0 ., lavcrncy, do.19 0.. German cigars .. .. 1 10 0 ., Wises (Bulk) Port Very superior " .. 00 0 0 ., Good old.40 0 0 .. Good .30 0 0 ., Hutchcson'a .. .. 2f> 0 0 .. Hunt's .25 10 0 ., Spanish Bed .. .. l8 0 0 .. MUue) do Souza Qucdea, 1 ton Diamond.. .. 83 0 0 .. Uutcheson's .. .. 27 0 0 .. Sherry Supertür.80 0 0 .. Médium and good .. 32 O Ü .. Common.13 0 U .. Dull, Gordon, and Co... 32 0 0 .. Brunis Brandy, bulk Hennessy'a, 1S78 .. .. 0 II (I .. Marten's, pale, 1S7S.. .. Oin 0 .. Otard's, 1875.0 Hi 0 .. Bo., 1878 .j.0 11 0 .. Harriaeson'g.0 8 II .. Marett'a .0 9 0 .. Bonis Mounle'a .. "ODO.. Wlno Distillers'Co.0 7 0.. Champagne Vineyards' ..070.. .lulcsBooln's,lM8.. "080.. Do., dar!: .0 8 0 .. Do., 1S08 vllltago i" " 0 13 ft .. Trlooohd .0 7 0 .. BlBqtilt DubouchiictClo's.. 0 7 0.. La Grand Marquo .. ..070.. Plnet Castlllon .. "000.. Boisson Freres' .. "ODO.. Mcukow's .0 7 0 .. 0\. and T. Baeot's .. " OSO .. Vinegrowers'.0 8 0.. Lucien Bollol'» .. "000.. Associated Vineyards' "070.. Associated Vinoyards', old 0 8 0.. Albert's .0 7 0 .. LovccrplQi.0 0 0 .. I'nintcr's .0 0 0 .. Jllclnrd and Mullet's "ODO.. Gaspard'» .0 5 3.. Ciouzoau .0 7 0 " Brandy, cato l,chncssy'a caso " " 1 10 0 .. l)o.,J(uipo.star .. "270.. SlartéuVono star " " 1 14 0 .. Bo., three star " ..200.. Otard's .1 11 0 " Denis Mounlo'a .. " 1 11 0 .. Mcukow's .ISO .. Marett'a .1 10 0 .. Lucien Ballot's " " 0 1" 0 .. Lucien Foucauld .. "10 0.. Do., thrco star .. "200.. lllchard and Mullet's " 0 10 0 " La Grande Marque " .. 1 ti 0 " Other brands.0 12 0 .. Bum- ~ Lemon Hart.0 3 0.. B.W. P. .0 3 11 " Demorara Old " "030.. Lamb's .0 2 0} .. Queensland .0 2 3 .. Geneva JDKZ.0 13 0 .. Hlanl.enhoini and Nolen'a Key.0 13 0 .. Yandcnbcrg Bell ,. " 0 12 0 .. Mceiis's Key Brand.. .. 0 13 0 " VYhlsklcs Thotn and Cameron's (new) 0 3 7» " Do. (old) .0 4 0 .. John Boss's.D3 V. .. Ballachulish.0 7 0 .. Glenvarloch.0 4 0 .. Danville's.'0 4 0 .. Win. Jatnleson'a .0 5 0 .. Klrkr-r, Greer, and Co.'« < Loch One case .. "0 0 0-.. Do., lmp.quarts " .. 1 10 li " Shamrock.0 4 ti .. Vlnfa.0 4 0 .. Do. oases .0 17 0 .. Do., Imp. quarts .. ..100.. Young, King, and Co.'a bulk.0 4 3 .. Do., Brian Boru, oaso .. 0 17 0 .. Bncoro, bulk.0 0 0.. Do., case .0 l8 0 " Standard, in bulk .. "070.. Do., In caso.0 l8 0 .. Planet brand, old ratted "090.. Ford's Castle Blend, new "070.. Do. do., old.0 0 0 " Walker1» bulle .. "080.. Do. case .0 l8 0 " Usher's Old Glenlivet "070.. Do.,' Special Hcscrvo " 0 10 (I " limos and Grleves'a.. "070.. Do. Old Ham Var " .. 0 12 0 " Dunvlllo's caso " " 0 l8 0 " Boyal Blond.0 19 0 .. . Lorne.0 l8 0 .. .SI. Mungo, bull: " "08 li " Do., caso .0 10 0 .. Thistle Blend.. .. " 0 19 0 " Mitchell's, .12 0 " BullflM", .. ... ., 1 l8 0 .. CorJ(,fiis¡lllery .. "040.. Sir Holiert Burnett's Old Tom 0 li 0 .. Wolfe's Schnapps .. "110.. * S \LT.S Or PKOPKIiTY. Messrs 0 conn oil, luoltctt, and Co report ha\ Ing this day sold, by publio auction-Bun I iiyon¡r, 3 allot- ments each having an area of 2r, from £6 to £0 Dnrlev, .allotments cachha\hurnuarcaor 2r ,at £3 per lot, Derrimut, land having an area of 0a at 4.4 fn per aero, Elphiii-touo laminating an area of 28a. 2r tits'" s prracro, Frankston, land having n front otioof lT>ft to Dav) street bj a depth of 105lt along Wedge-urtet £2 10s per foot Harcourt land having a» urea of Kia or 12p.,at£2 1"_ tid per tieri Iori wood, land containing -¿a, at 2*4 per nfiu Melton, 4 allotments fronting 1 Inkcrton and Ï nillo Bt rooty, at i.4 per lot Mncl II (ord In ml lia vi ii if an urta of 10a , at x1 fis per aero Swan hill, _> allotments oicli containing &i; at £10 per aero t_ Tem pi es towt, 0 allotments cadi hav inii an area of ¿r at dom ¿7 io£S 10. per lot also privatclv, ks-tk Melbourne, \ letoria parade larne furully re _ «tinco with land having a fionra.,0 ot 60ft, ti_> a dei 'h °f about If 0ft. back to a pitched rliíht of wa j, at a K-.Ufir.qtor) price Ilotliam I c\ Iiiaoii street, hnl lu lui,'a ti outage of lift b. a depth of lü&ft; hat! to little I otinaon street, to"ethoi with two htm brick roildcm c eroded tliuroon, at ¿SOO, Itich moud, land having a fro jtaj.0 of ¿Sit. Jin bv a ttupth ni Taft back ton ri,,ht*uf wa), at £_ per foot, total amount of salts, £0 7 »4 l's Ud ..rviuv or titi, stock and shaiu. MAHkl.l Mining bmdncsB has been of larger oxtcnt during: tim past fortnight but much of it has been of un mtisfattory character .specially in respect of ¿Majorca Smeaton, and Hal lara t companies Tlio falsit) of tho record or tho boin in tho Hepburn Es tate not onl) led to a \cr) heat, fall in Hil market I piküot thtsc shares but Ima caused cciiera! dlbtrust I ni to tbo trustworthiness of boring operations Tho resignation of the mannaor of tbo Korif, Meng was followed I)) a hea\y fail in thepriecof the shares and to ah« o\ttiittliQ otber Majorci oompanleH, Isapier and Chalk* wero injuriouslv affected but the) ha\o all iiuce recov cicd j art of the lull Hand and Albion Con&ols; had a lartu rise on btrll Ing the Guiding _tar lode but the pro-pect not proi ln_ ver) good yet and a cross course hav hu, been met. with in their main Iodo thead\aiieo Ins bein lost at 1 the\ closo under oi-nhu price Star of the lait had a Using market in _)mpath) with tho Hand, but tho water lu No 2 shuft having increased bo as to require pumps to bo put down prices have leceded to opening \ nine A mom, Valhalla companies Lour Tunnel and Lonj, Tunnel Lx te tide ii hive realised higher prices tho latter cspiciall) having pood demand How Lougfello v quitted ut tuatl) reduced tates Great Western Long tunnel Ihnitod business at rather lower l rices iho Midas "roup havo all had a vor) depressed maiket, and coniiderablv lower prico accepted for Midas Com pan^ Unit). Inglewood and Uctoiv Charters Towers, base had c,ood support and icatiscd hl.hcr {irlces Motor) scixco In tho market Egerton lava had a fluctuating mar It ft se 11 ins up to 7s advance, but clotting about opening \aluc "Ver) little done In Sandhurst companies Qolden I') ko sold lower but aro filmer at clo^e Sadowa hate realised higher price New Chuta Consolidated, Gardon Gully United, and Frederick the Great have had some Inquir) The business in silver companies continues tin chief feature of the market Broken hill Proprietär) havo had numerous dally transactions but at con stdcrably fluctuating prices. Opening at £10_, the\ atf\ anted rapid h In valuó on report of rich ore with iiathu silier beiiiur cot in the duepground M Cia loch s shaft, and sales wero mado up to £113 10s Aftarwards on occurrence of nn aceidout to tho machinen, w hlch caused tho smeltery to bu shut dow ii for tw o da) s a lau, number of shares were pressed on tho mar kit and (rices fell as rapidly as tho> had al % une ed sales beln^ made down to £10¿ lhey then recovered to £101 but havo nineo receded to £l)S 0« line to the machinery ace! tent Icsb oro has boen smelted and tbo fortnights vield is onl) 70 SoOojc of silver from l,üjt» tons oro A verv largo business has also been done in Junction, which wero In j,rcat favour, and rose from 10a, to 13s id ricfdhij. how ever afterward" to Da Od , aud closing at Os Od North were in toad request and rose from Os Od to as 4d but carno back to 7s Od Theso shares not tery largely dealt in, many bein* locked up ponding news ns to tho float tu London South have h-ut moderato business at slight ad.ance Central Fold j-ather lowor, and Hound hill rather higher, but business in botti of very moderato uctunt .'lunacies Tributo ha\e bien In great favour, owing to satisfac tory reports a* to the remit» 'rom the concentrators, »na prices roiu from Os od to Otc Od eAslug since to Al. it it probable that this compa»> will not smelt, but will ship the concentrated ores for ireatmentand salo In Europe lu tin companies Mount Bischoff had a sale at £00 Korth lirotrtcrs Homo con tilmo neglected Tho markot for iuiestii-iit stocks | has been without inucliaUoraiion in prices Kinerallv, but Squatting Im calment caine into iniprov ed de maud, and roso on receipt of nous that u plentiful sunpl) of water had bien struck the lull advance has not however been maluUiiicd Metropolitan Las halo bad lair stippoit nt improved I nccs I mil sliarig, Irainna) nn 1 Omnibus, Jlrowcries and other publiu conn allies bimres dealt lu to Diodonte extent at about prei lous quotations Durai,, the lol tuinht Flt/"eralds Drew er), L utlcii ailie Ins leen loiuud into a jubito compati) the shales bein-, cic.ul>, tikcu uii Iho follow mc; aro tho closiut, bU)hu anl belling quolatlüiis au« ¡nets of tiles ellocted dunn. Hie luitiiight - Debentures- Victorian Coi eminent li o per cenU duo ISO!, seller _10a 1 milton and llothum llio per cents , sales "lol 10« Hauls.--lstraliau Deposit and Morl.aco ( paid) seller a.Hj 10] Airslrahau I rceholil banking corporation (_J los. shncs) siles 6's bl to f .<?» Australian I rcehold Dun! lu. Lorporatlou (ii share) silis _ls 1,1 Ailstialasn teller £07 Ilallanl blllei _7 Ps Cit) of Viel bourne sales ^lls ( I to b"s Colo lal, sales "10 Ila to -10 12s. Commercial sales _, lSs ud to it, I Is ro_S Udcral sales Tjs id to res c-J Land I Credit, salis lus Oil Uni Mort.or( lui)cr Jls, seller 27s Mercantile seller lo-* National (Viel \ bourno rojlsler) sales «0 Is lo £9 Is National (Adelaide remuer), seller is Ids Od, sales iS Vi National (Queensland) bujeriä 12s., sales £S PK Koli south Wale«, solea _51 Is Ud to _- J' (Id Kew /oaland (NewZealand rigister) bli)cr .¡.17, seller -l8 lloval Hani of Quuuslauii sales 71s. Union, buv cr 159, seller £01 V ictoria sell, r £3j Oaa,-llrlcbton, salea 25« I ootscrav bli) cr Jos Metropolitan, sales ii. 0» oilJOs Williamstown, seller 41s Insurance-Colonial Mutual Fire, "alea la Od Induuiult), bil) er 1 Is öd , teller lui ¡National Tire, siles 12a Cd Southern teller -Is United Aus truliun, sales Is id lirewenea \c - Browing and Matting (Melbourne), seller 60a., salea 70s to bOs Li'iado (Hobart) buv er l18 Od , sollcr lis. Castlcmaiuo (MLlbourne), sales Ila. to Jls Od Castleinalno (S)dno)) sales 2j8 Perkins s (Quoenslan 1) sales Jjs M to 10s Od , do (neil), sales -s Oil Tan! ard Malting, sales 10s Jd VV est end (Melbourno) suies 30s trusties and Lieuitom Compai les-Perpetual Executors and Trurtees hu) er CJs ed , seller " a Trustees, Mctutors mid A"cnc) bil) cr 59s 0d , teller 01s Union Trustees, seller 17« Miscellaneous.-Dav I \cursion Inner 2C«, salc3 2.1s. Od coffee Taverns sales .0" to :» s. Gd Colonial Iuvcstmoilt and A"cncv (_1 paid), sales Jls Oil to 2 s , do (now 10s. paid) silos 10s od. Deniliquin and Moama Ualluav, sellei bus Dal|,et) and Lo buvori>Oa Douglis and Sons seller 10s Freehold Investment and Bankin,,, sates rSs. ledoral Lolîeo Palace sales 7s. to us ud Grand Lol-o Pulice, sales 35s. Hatoombn Coal seller lus (Id Mel bourno Permanent Uni-lue. satos ii 10s Melbourno btora.o siller 11s Mel-uittli linanoa, and Ouaranteo sales 34s to « ed Modern lcrmauent I Building boclot) bU)or^0 1s Mont de Pléfe4, tales 8s Mutual btore, tales tJs to 5°s Ki «castle Coal, seller ild 16s Ne» Koltlleotu Brick sales 0i ¡Northcote Driel, sales 1 s. Pcriucw an, VV rlfcht, and j Co bu)er 15« noller lhs I rçinlcr Uutldlng, tales JW Ja. ul It. ColdBlirou.b and Co, sales 22s. ed to2.s ¡squatting li vestment sales 1-* Od to 2-s 01 lo CCs. Sanus and M Donjill bul or iU 10s., seller £14 10s Trainwai and Olnntbus sales 31" Jd to 3.r.3.0d toll Union Mortgage Ca, mi) cr 2-C Gd V letona fee, sales_s C11 A ictoria Land, bu)or 8s., seller 10. od V Morlan Permanent Biu'iltiig boclet), sales £7 Uj VVnllaend Coal lui) cr i7 10s Westport Coal liujir 17s Wara-h Cilal, Inn cr £7 12s (k1, seller is Wm M Culloch and Lo , Silver and lln Mines -Broken bill bujer £97 10s, seller iOS 10s , sales Í107 to ilOl to ill.) 10s lo Ü0J to Í105 to £07 Ilrokcn hill South (paid), sales 10s to 11b Od to 10s Od I roken lilli Junction, tales los. id to 11s. to 12» tollsOd to 9s. Gd Broken lull Central (paid) sales 8s J1 to Ss lOJd to 8s , do (contributing), salea 4s Od to 5s Od Da) Dream, buv cr Os , Boiler 7a Mount Bischoff sales £00 to -6» Kortli Ural eli hill toles Os Oil to 8s. Id to 7s Od l'mnuclos Tributo sales Os Jd to Os Od to 8s to Ss. 4Jd Hound lilli, tales 62s to 15a to COS to 45s Gold Minea.-Ballarat, Cost-ulallie Stawell *c -Australasia!! and La"lchawl, tales 10s J I Baud and Albion Consols Bcller 72s, sales 74s. Od to Ojs to 73s Derry ( on ols bil) ci i5 Os, satos i5Js Berri No 1, salía 40s Cd tolls Chalks bu) cr JOs. Od , seller lea ud sales 13s to 10s Chalk s No 1, seller ISt. bd Chali s Ko J bil) cr Js Od , Buller Is Od Chalka Lstate, sales 8s. Cornish, Da) IcBford, sales 8i Ud tolls bl Cumberland Block, suttor 10«. Davies 1 rcehold sales 7s Ul hgerton, sales 80s. to 87s. to Jls hgj pifan talcs Is. od to Js to Js Od Golden Streun seller Os. J 1 sales 10s. Od to 10s Great Western L)iuru bu>ir Os, seller 8s , sales 8s. Hepburn Lstatc sales 17s to 27s to 2Ss Cd Kong Meng sales 70s to US to 61s. to Ols Loinr runnel sales £00 to £01 LongT-înol-Uendcd sales £7 1rs toiS 10s Lord Harry, sales 10s tolls Vlidaiuc tlcrr) sales £11 Midas, buicrîtjs seller 12s, sales 00s Midas Con sols, seller Is (k1 Ka) 1er, sales Ols 01 to 81s to 80s Ken Iicchltc sales .Us Od Kew Lilt or Miss, sales Is 3d Kow Koh I uooi, sales 5s Gd to Is. Kow Longlctloiv, seller la Ud sales 5s to Is Id 0 Connors ¿rcehold, sales Is. to is Gd to Is Od to Os Id Queens liirthdov Dunollv, bu) or 21b do (new issue; seilet 17s Queen a Blrthda), Malnisbur), salea 10s 3d to 16« Id South Lililíes, seller JOs star of tho Fast, tales tis. to 10s Gd to 11s to 12s (x1 Shaw s Kccf, sales 8s tolOs Od Toombon, bil)er71s, seller OSs Unltv, Iiujenood, Boiler 1-s Od , sales 12s.nl to 14s to 13s Victor), Charturs Towers salis 15s. to 10s Sandhurst - Collmann and Tanti! buv cr 3s Gd, seller 6s Duchess Tribute talca la. od to 2s ud 1 llesmcrû Ko 1, buv cr la U1 seller us 1 roderick tho Great, sales 2's Gd Cuvdou Gully United, taloa 80s (k1 to'18s Great Ixtomlcd lilistlel s tributo. Bolter 7s Od Golden l')ke bil) cr 1 Is. Ud , sales 18a. to 13a Od tolls Johnsons, buier 20s seller JUs I-rarus, seller 10s Lazarus No 1, bn)ir 0s , sellor 10s , sales 11s. Od Kew dunn United, sales 7s 4Jd to 8s 2d Kow 1 ictoria Catherine sales 0s. lid North Johnsona buicrOs 3d Sadowa sales 0s to 0s Od South St Mungo, bil) cr 5s 3d United Devonshire, bu)cr 12s Uti STOCK AM) SHAItE LIST Tüll 21 Closing 1'ilees Amoun t DtUEXTURES s g oi Loai £ i. _ 270100 V let Gov 0 per cents , duo lSSfl 107 312000 V let Gov 6 per ccntl due 1-4 100 042381 V let Gov 4 per cent stock 100 100000 Vtelboiuue Corporation Oper cent lïiOOO Molbouiuo Coriioratiou 6 per cent 200000 Metiopolitan Gas 6 per cent. VI and li 13 U llallvviyy Dyer cent 1D7O00 ir°ooo VI and II li U Hollway 6 per cent - 7-000 \ovvboutliWales pet cent due 100. 1011. 600000 New /oaland 4 per cent. SU 00 600000 Queensland 4 pel cent OS IJIOjSO Queensland sl\ per cent 1 - - II g I Furnia Com.\MKS ä - Closing .So .3 -SE in 1 rices. bo m en Iluy ci Seller _ £ KAM* i. _ 1350!)' Australian Dept ) &Mt;{,e liank j" to{ d4} 01 liiÜOT - 5 m 60000 10 Dal Hank Limit. 10 17UB. 26000 10 Do. new issuu m 4O0_0 10 ü_ Colonial of Austral 12 210s 2128. 800000 10 4 Commercial of Aus tralla (limited) 12J n 8 500000 6 .i-latlonalof Aubtral asia 16' lSls 1S2S 1000000 20 ONew Soutli Wales 171 64 rf-11 600000 60 " j \ÍctorÍn(McI 104) J (Do (london u-" . 1 Land Mortual,« 10 ___" 36 r6000 10 IO1 20s 20.S. 1OO00O0 10 lO'Novv Zealand li- 17 I6OO000 _ji Union ll 01 1UO0O00 40 Oí Australasia 16 D7 1000000 20 _0 Lou Ion Chartered of Australia 0 ? 20000 n0 20 Entfall, ¡scottish. L \ Aub Chartered 10 _ _ 45000o 6 '..City of Meit ourno 12' SOJs S-ls 400000 6 l'bcderal of Austra la 2Í 1 rcehold Invest S 60.S 67s. 10,000 2,i ment ¿vßnkngCo 8 60s OABCOMAMhH 60000 10 IO Ballarat ajlJcndito 6 Castlemaine IO 14. iri ituOOO 6 1. 71 HSII1 6 0 ¿OfeO 10 10 Da) lesford(Llmited) -1 ami 4 6 6,Geelon0 11 8 007-10 5 5 Metropolitan INhUlUNCR. 10 248s 240s 60O0O r> 1 \u_trallan Alliance 8" 90s ls_>0 -1 J National Uro In «mr It» l.Js 60000 r ^'Southern In su raneo 10 24s 40000 0 l|\ictuiia Lifo L God .0 51 0 41 Job ¿.Victoria insurance (limited) 40 - 20s. ¡ JilSCfcLLVSFOUa lflJ 10 O.Glppslaud btcuiuN 16s* 200000 10 I'll l.old_brouc,h-_Co 10 22s 22.8 40000 .1 1 ir listet h I \ccutovs 1 and A(,encv 16« 60.S. gis. 11140 1 Jt'Co operative leo Co >i "OO0O0 10 .Aust Mortgage and j Agency 10 4SI 100000 11 ¡J Casriemne Hrcwcr) 10 J1J.9 lUlteOO 6 JMillourno Uruuln. ! and Malting 16 70s. 70s 2jOO00 1 Jj'Melbourne Irainwtt) 1 ard Omnibus 12 ..IS 3 }s 0" 00 » Mutual btoro 10 62-e 63s 6 "100 J JiTcrr) m \\\ ost end lire wer) 15 20Js 31s 4400i 1 l'l-quitab.u Coopera 1 uve Soclotv S 8s. [ 1IVILVVAVH, 100000 6 1 4'Deniliquin 4, Jioaina S - 80s. * Including bonus bWPPINU 10H 11113 rOlirNIGIlT. 10IIX Ol MI LBOUHNE Arrivals ano CLrAini,cT Since oun Last SUMMitir [A American Au , Austrian n , llritlsh li A , British American Hell, llelejan Ho Holly lan Hr Brazilian Ch Chilian 1) Dutch Iii, Danish t I routh G Gorman I, Italian Tv , >nrvvcuian V I ortuo/ucc lr Peruvian It, ltiisslaii h Svvellsh Si bj an lah ah , ship bq , barque b" urie, sell schooner , s s-, steamer J Fell AlllllVMi 14 Carthaco It VI S S 120 Geo .Nelson Hector, It NU Londoi Se-u Withers 14 Linn, tu H as . 08 I I) ty Arthur Hong Ivonk -Lorlmor Rome and Lo 14 Fleur io 1 li 11 hIi tilH a J li Billett Burrard Inlet -lohn lily th aid Co 14 Dnchcssot Arevlc li sh 1 mi, II Heard Liver i ool -I oriinei Home and Co V VI ii nitre 1 li sh 1 J J 1 1' rill» Loudon - Glbl i liri.lit an 1 Co 16 '.tai ol Itiioit U sh 180" 1 Slmpsln, london -Australian Larry lui, Co 10 Loch Itlvt II sh 1 j Win Steuart Glasgow -VJcbirs. J b m lerbon an 1 Co V Sh»i H s» "000 1 I Wiiidebanlt Calcutta. Iluddart 1 arher nn I Co 1 Minn li 1 i b» II O Moy cr, Hamburg -J Ivronl ilnicrantl Co 10 I-ur pa G lq, 007 T hirth», viourltlus- C Jntols 10\. Carl O 1 (|, 0", A Kollier Sharpness -II Horn and C 10 Ilohen/ollern O b i , 1001 0 Meier, Bremen - Oatermever Deviez and Co 17 Heal elides U ill 1 J S li Upton london-J S mdorson and Co 17 Andro>a U sh 1 04J 1 Gillis i rcdorickstad - Alastor I conoid dotn Grande Hay -Master U Jletcator G sh , 1 4°s H tango, London -Jas. Service and Co 18 Orient It M S S , 6 38(1 J K I Idler Loudon, le -Glbl s Brlnht and Co 15 frank ledletou, A sh 1 S'l, E. P Nichols, hew S ork - Cuuelie Calder, and Co. 19 Iluto O bo,, 360, F Me) erlielne, Sundswall - Mister 19 Airlie B s s , 1,112 VV Filis Hong Kong, ic - l ¡b1 s tir¡"ht, omi Co 22\. Ujda K bij Go7, Irlo Lriclson Soderham - Doug Kobiiison, and Co I eli cn inüu oit IO Bcngo) I! M S.S 2 6-4, VV B Andrew », I eildon, Ac-Coo Wlthiis. 10 Ociulla is sh, 'too C A Sjustrom, Guam - Hogg Hobin on and Lo 10 Westgate li sh, 1871, E Watkins, Calcutta - Win M Lulloch au 1 ca Lum-d 10 J VV GlMe-cLter, G th. 1,000, A Lohmann, Guan -Master lb Inlustr- t sh, 1,012, J M-bliotr, V alparaito - W M Lulloch und Lo I united II Bertrand, K 1 q , I lliureeii, Lorlnto-Master 1_ Amphltlite, el til, I.bll, B llowclll, Guam Master 12 Aiitioiictta, I bq, 1170, rortunato Sehlnflln», Diamond Island-J DljthnudCo 12 b-ox L ss., 1 U7j, 11 Lanejcv, London, via Antwerp-VV biéldele) and Co 11 Melanesia K hq , 1,2hl, Wlttua 1". Klokcr, Dia mond Island-Otto Kllmcku Ij Lamana B Iq.uOJ, W Gordon, Guam-J Dar hu,, and Sous. 17 Loch llannoch, li ali, 1,18 ?, llobert Armit, I on don- I Sauderson and Lo . 13 biita, II sh , 1,0)1, A J Windebank, Calcutta vta fiarla - Uuddart, Parker, and Lo 18 Ivanhoe B sh., 1 3SJ, J li George, London - Plcott Bros and Lo ia Lhlmborazo, Il M S S , 3 SI", T II F Kilon, London, __-Gibbs, bricht and Co 21 liM-'Cti, O as, 2 8-1, C 1 ollie, Bremen via Adelaide-Ostermc)or Dewez and Co 21 Loch To), B sell, 1,101, _ Gibson, Calcutta John bandersou and lo 21 I-ch Long, B sh , 1 205, John Anderson, Cal cutta,-John Sanderson and La 22\. Caiini.oriii, a sh , 1,100 W II Poareo, London, via Antwerp -John Snudcrtou and Co 22\. Wiora B sli, 1,727, W Lia) ton, London-D A Muddun and Co SHIPS CLEARED OUT Willi COLONIAL | PRODUCE I KB 10 Bengal, for London -1,4-5 bis wool, 200 bis leather, lill bis skins, 100 lia 1.3 p> rites, no ingot* tin lu pkgs vv hie, 1,7B_ bat?- bark, 1Ù0 bags oats, 62 ba"_ Hour, loo bnL.it sugar, _!2 pki,s merchandise, and shipments of hptulu uud silver bullion to the value of ¿ll.doO Fui 1¿ Essex, for London, via Antwerp-2,045 bia wool 40 bat. earth, & bt_ kangaroo sklna, 24 _ bags bark 2 cs sweepings l8 pi "'_ tenta and Utting., and ordinal ou_i,o Irom i>¿dnev, I fb. 15 Cawana, for Guim -S,¿13 bags wheat 1 cn 17 Loch lían noch, for Loudon -39 bis remnants 4 cks oil, 102 o) s and 12 li hi 1b win», 17 t. roana, 7,771 bans wheat, 14 bia bouts and borna, 008 bags bark, ..¡03 bis wool, 47 bia basils SO bis leather, 42 Us sheepskins 03 bis scrolls, 4 bl» I ambaroo and opossum -kin», lu J pps tallow Frit IS Ivanhoe, for london-3117 bis wool, CO his tri ina, 0,8*17 bays wheat 1 4UU ta«- lloui M ria tor Cale ultu, via forts - 40 cs biscuits, 15 pkt,« leather, J pkgs merchandise, and patt of original car^o Uihnborazo, for London -4 bri. Baited etina, 279 bin wool, 12u pps tallow, 50 bis leather, 5 b"_ bark 25 bis Him ii, 4 linds wine, 1 box sovs (\ahiu ¿1,200), 2 7J7 bogs wheat, 81 pkt,* merchandise, and oti_,lnal oar^ofrum <3^dno> for Adelaide Ft» 21 Preussen for Bremen, via Adelaide.-IS qreks w iiiu, ü cn sponges, 041 Iml.h bar!, J bis skins, 1 l-l hac,s ore, 4&j; bis wool, 1 ci capsule-, and original cui^o tram bjdnej ami Bremen J K11. ¿2 Cairngorm, for Loudon, \Ja Antwerp-1,070 bis wool, li bis mat piceos, 57 es pearl sholl, Ul bia sheep billin, 10 bis basils, 27 bis leather, 10,730 bags wheat, 8_ö bats bark, 2 os effects Miora, for London - -87 pea timber, 1 3nl bis wool, SO his basils, 33 bis scrolls, 01 bis rugs 5,0.> ) baga bark, 4,_J0 bags wheat 1 pkg maichandiao PASS1NGLRS EY AND SINCE THE DE PAR'IURE Or TII1_ LAS!' MA|L ll'.ll io Bengal, for London ¿_e -Saloon Tor London -Mr and Mrs Charles Gut bli., Mr and Mrs Cb n rica ¡smith, lion J Lorimer, M L C, Mrs. und Miss Lorimer, lion and Mrs Ho BHj\h, Mr and Mrs Child and fumilj ((our), Miss Nellle stewart Mrs Musgrove, Mr G Musgrave lion A Cool MLO, Itev Geo Dod» Cunt ahornas. It ¡V , Mrs Thomas, infant, and imr_e. Mrs W ti L>ster, Airs Kian, Mrs. Harbutt lo, infant and nn»e, Messrs J Oldham, A Shaw. J 11 11}der, W Hamilton, F A Wilki n J jN Aitchison, fcd lox, A Johnson, It Bcarup 1 Meade, 1) Ü Harris, W t_cil\cuer,bturd>t and Barnard 1 re IS Chimborazo for London, i-c -Saloon Sir Patncl Jennings und family, Mr T li. Cooper, Mr It Kochrlcht, Mrs and Miss Bead, Mr and Mrs. and Mr Wisdom Captain and Mrs Saude mau, child, and nurse, Itev M à amara, Mi MOIoun, Mr Iv. I Lewis, Dr und Mrs Wetherill Mlsuea Wetherill (too) Mr 11 J Barnet, Mrs Barn, Mrs Xavier, Miss k. Paterson, Mr lunn Smith, Mr 1 Summen', Mr Jas Binder. Mr Dixon , and 02 boeond and 7_t third class. * PASSENGERS HOOKED PER PARRA MAT1A For Tondon-Mr and Mrs Coates, threo children, infant, and nurs_, Mrs. Hamilton Mr and Mrs. Mirls, M 1*9 Mirls, threo children, infant, and nurse, Miss Sew bigge», Miss Brooicman, Mr and Mrs. Armytage, Mr Armjtaj,., Jim, Mr and Mrs B S Mills, Mr G lairbairn, Mi I) Cameron Mr and Mrs James Alfred Cochrane, Mr T D Gordon, Km AN A Brooke, Manta Giavo Mr Andrew Harper, Itev J II Macfarlane, Mr i rico Williams and son, Mr and Mrs Hoare, Mr Whyte, Mr and Mrs tah* bahn child, Infant, and two nurses, J july Wilson, Missus Wilson (two), Mr Wilson, Mr W Dr).dak, Sir Win HCherbcrt, Master loch and sen ant, Mr *>ojinour lort and servant, Mr Wedele, Mr Laiu ford Mr G Maitland Huid Mr J 1 crawford Mr Bui^css, Mr Foccj,Mr and Mrs. B Cool, Mrs. 1 rico Miss Morl ham, Mr and Mrs II Brown, Mr Meredith Mrs Mulligan -Trout Adelaide-Mrs. and Miss Birks, Mr-, Storic, Miss Thomas, Miss í»apler LIVE SlOGlv HEPOIli\ Thero halo pa_sed through the marl et j aids at Fit minc ton during tho fortnight ending tho 10th ¡list ubout J -GD fat cattle, 454 fat calves, 51 oOO fat sheep, and 0,400 fat lambs Fat Cattle -OnthoOthlnst the heav¿ Btippl), coupled with tho c\\_c_sho heat, caused a dull demand, and prices ruled low cr through out but lnstwcekthoWLatl erbclmrcool.amUhemim ber j arded moderate, prices ruled from 10s. to .Os. per ht ad tilcha, the rise in value being moro noticeable on best pen?, which met a brisker demand than on middling nnd inferior qualities. 1'iimu pens of bulloc! s sold at from £11 to £U Os a few head to jeI3 17s Od good do, from *0 to JblO, middling and inferior from i. . Best pens cows, from 4.7 lOi to ¿0, good do , fruin £0 to £7 , mlddllnj. and hifcrioi, dom ¿4 I ut Calves - Sales wert dull throughout und prices aro about the sumo as last quoted Bes. cold at from Cfs to 70s , good, from Jr<j to 4rs , middling and Inferior, fiom lus to iO. tat Sheep-Iho bulk of those}arded wa* of middling and inferior de erlptions Best quail ties were in demand and realised a» advance oils per head on lato rates hut other sorts continue dull of salo, nnd no alteration in prices of Mich cm bo quoted Primo eiossbrcd wethers sold from 12s to ).>* Od _.ool do from 10s to lit middling and inferior do from 7" Prune merino wethers from 10s to 11s , good do fiom fes tu 0s , middling and iufertoi, from fi to 7s lat Lanius.-Chili ft small proportion of tho supply was "oodand pnmc such wero in demand and sold at improved prices, but middling and inferior descriptions nero dull of sale Pi lino sold at from 0s. to 11s, according to abo, good, from 7a. to Sa , middling and inferior, Trom Js to Ca STOCKS IN BOND The follow Ing w ero tho stocks in bond at Me'bourno on FebruaivlO -Brantlj-3 717 htuH 10S._ea_es Rum-1 SSr>_ hhds, 1 _27 cases Gencva-1 ¡1 hhds, 17,410 four gallon casoi 2 0J*1 two gallon cases. Whisk}- I.QS'iJt hhds 3l,0SSca«ics Gin (sweetened) -21), hhds 2 COI cases cordials-11J4 cases Spirits of Wine-200 casks Other Spirits-115 hhds b 240 cases. Wino-l.tílu hhds, 10 570 cities Beer- If .J hhds "2 070 cases and casi s Tobacco (nianufue Hired)-2 half tlorccs 87 quarter tit. re c8 500 threo quarter boxes and boxes 0 057 oses lobacco (un manufactured)-451) tierces, hhds and tasks, .10 cases, 111 bates, 018 boxes Candles-184 ohests and cases 4,254 boxes Clears-1 158 cases, _.crowie 70 774 cases Cocoa and Cnoeolate-OnO imcka^ca Coireo-J SOS bags 53 tierces 0 caul a 00 cases, ¿1)1 barrels Iirmba"8->__ lales Cornsaeka-1,10J bales W oolpacks-_J7 bales Clilcorv-1 T03 jutl agc» Opium-162 pieka.ea <tals-013J bags Hops-1,000 pic! aces Uiee- 10TJ ha,;« US tons Salt-r0 085 bats MncLni-0J4 casks 1 T07 cabac lea-3 J>1 Gilesta 110 20J half chests 0J J12 boxes Suirar (Mauritius)-0 _l>0 ba__ u i pockets Itcuuton -1 304 oags 1 7SJ ninU Other 1 arts-10102 basicots 8 813 hies, 17,031 mats ltLilner\\-1.0 tons, 1,850 cases or easks 