IRaridnie tfEiKceitfany. nigh Water.— October 21 : Morning1, 11.12 ; evening, 11.34. Steamers t?o Leave To d±t. — Gabo, for Mel bourue, at 4 p.m. ; Fitzroy, for Brisbane, at 5 p.m. ; Newcastle, tor Newcastle, at 11.30 p.m. Fbom .New yimATATjn.-r-Thft steams ip Hauroto arrived in harbor last evening from Wellington ?with about 40 passengers and ttie f ollowing cargo : 7286 Bucks pot&tos;, 1664 sacks oats, 471 sacks bran, 200 sicks malt, 100 sacks barley, Jol sacks peas, 1271 bags sugar, 315 cases meats, 161 bales flax, 49 bales fungus, 50 bales hops, &c.; Damped Caboo. — The British barque Eiver Nith i as been libelled at Portland, Oregon, to recover JS640 for damage done to anvils and ironware during tbe voyage from Liverpool. It appears that toe collar of the mainmast leaked and caused some salt and caustic to melt over the goods, vrMch were considerably eaten away. Asiusiug Ikcipbkt in the Beheing Seal !Pisheetes. — The schooner A Ifred Adams, belong ing to British Columbia, was seized by an American revenue cruiser for a breach of the seal fisheries regulations in the Behring Sea. A prize crew was put on board, and her master was ordered to navigate her to the States. The cap tain seemingly complied till he got clear of his armed consort, and he then headed his vessel for Columbia, wi.ere he regained his vessel simply because the prize crew could not take her from under the British flag. WhaiiES a Dangeb to Navigation. — The master of an English d--ep-sea vessel says that whales are increasing in number so fast that accidents to ships from running into them will soon be of frecm^nt occurrence. A sailinc shin under a five- knot bi eeze might as well strike a tree as an old bull whale. ? CiiOSE Ocean Sailing. — The clipper ships John E. telly and Commodore J. T. Allen sailed from Liverpool on tue one tide for New York, and arrived at their cSestination within eight of each other, the J. E. Keily being beaten by only two hours. A New P. and O. Liuse in Trouble. — The P. and O. Co.'s new B..A1.S. Britannia, built by Messrs. Borland and Wclff, of Belfast, did a very successful trial on Saturday last and was handed over to her owners. On entering the Thames yesterday to go on the berta lor Australia, she grounded, but was- subsequently floated off apparently uninjured. Tne Britannia is to leave on an excursion trip from London to Australian ports on November 4. Batavia to Auckland. — TLe barqne Xirkland, which sailed from Batavia on August 20 for Auck land, passed Wilson's Promontory on Wednesday. * She reported ' All well.' Immigrants fob Queensland. — The steam ship Watoonga, now as Brisbane, brought out a total of 489 immigrants from London, made up as follows:— rEngiish, 207 ; Scottish, 74; Irish, 130; other countries, 78. These were distributed at Townsville, Mackay, Bo wen, Eoekhainpton, and Brisbane. For the litter port there were 46 married couples, 86 single females, 69 single males, and 115 children. There were three deaths during the voyage, viz., two infants from xiiarrhcea and a young man from sunstroke. A Dane in a Stobji. — The Danish brig Dag max had a continuance of stormy weather on her passage from A'atal to Melbourne with a cargo of maize. The barometer at times went down to 29-13. During a spell of exceptionally severe weather a heavy sea broke on board, smashed the wheel, stsashed the wheelhouse, filled the decks, and flooded the cabin. A portion of the bulwaiks weie smashed, and everything movable on deck was washed overboard. JiEi3OXi£KE to Calcctta. — The ship Oneida, from Melbourne co Calcutta, was spoken in 40.10 souta and 117.30 east, on the 10th instant. She wished to be reported ' all well.' The Gretna. — The ship Gretna, which was a Tegular trader between London and Sidney, since her launch about four years ago, has gone to Melbourne this voyage. On several occasions during the voyage Captain Young got some ' tall ' sp?«ds out of his clipper. The beet day's run was 305 knots. Past Steamtes fob Melbourne. — The steamer Courier, built by Swan and Hunter, of Newcastle on-Tyne, fox Messrs. Huddart, Parker, as an excursion steamer for Port Pnillip, had a very successful trial trip yesterday, when a speed of 17.6 knots (20 milee) per hour was attained. The Courier is a twin screw, steel steamer of the fol . lowing dimensions: — Length 221ft,- beam 30ft, depth of hold 14ft. The engines indicate from 23uO to 3000 horse power, and are built on the cruiser principle. A speed of 15 h to 16 knots will be secured in ordinary circumstances, without any forcing. She will carry about 2000 passengers. The safety of this large number of people is provided lor by great stability of 'tne vessel, divisions of hull into watertight compart ments, , watertight bunkers, and tubular life rafts. The vessel has been specially constructed to act as a dispatch boat, transport ship, or swift cruiser. She could mobilise 2000 or 3000 men tapidly, and will be useful for reconnoitring and other purposes. The vessel was launched on September 3, the ceremony of ? naming the steamer being performed by Lady Berry. A-w Island Steameb. — The steamer Gunya, Captain D. Calder, arrived in harbor on Tnurs day from Levuka, Suva and Fiji, with the follow ing passengers: Bishop Eidal, iliss Riemen echneider, Messrs. V. A. Spence, P. Spence, G. Kottmann. J. B. M'Xinnon, and 1-42 in the steer .' age, from Fiji; and Mrs. Smith and Mr. Koch, from Noumea. Her cargo .consists of . 11,020 tranches bananas, 1523 bags copra, 263 bags copper ore, 382 cases pines, 208 bags peanuts, 285 bags cocoanuts, 13 bags bechft-de-mer. 22 bags bark and sundries. New Steamship fob Australia.. — Messrs. Hsddart, Parker and Co.'s new steamship Elan oaxnite. sneciallv built for the Svdnev- Melbourne \- passage- and cargo trade, left Plymouth on October 1 for Sydney. She is erpeeted Sere ' about tbe 20th of next month. The Elangamite is expected to be the fastest steamship on the Vc&a;&t;, as her speed is to be an average of fifteen knots .between ports. An additional attraction in the vessel is the security that pas sengers will feel in a steamer that has been built to Admiralty requirements as a war Vessel. Tjce Thames.— The B.M,S. Thames,, with the inward Suez mail, arrived at . Adelaide this morning. Her mails leave for Melbourne at 3.30 . this afternoon, and will, arrive here on Monday morning. . . Our Newcastle Steamebs. — The arrivals this morning were the Boomerang, with 350 bales wool, 50 bales hay, 500 ingots tin, 7 cases eggs, 10 calves, 4 pigs, and sundries ; Gwydir and New castle, with sundry lines of produce. Imports of Colonial Pboihtcts. — The arrivals since last evening were the Elamang, from Bris bane, with 9SS mats sugar, 855 bunches bananas, and 350 tons sugar for Melbourne ; Barrabool, from Melbourne, with 260 bags pptatos, 197 bags onions, 4G0 bgs flour, 100 bgs cnaff, 941 bgs maize, 980 pkts sugar, a quantity of sundries and cargo for southern ports ; Leura, from Brisbane, with 3050 bags sugar, 115 boxes pines, 72 bales wool, and sundries, also quantity of earvro for Melbourne and Adelaide ; Flora, from Hobart, with 840 cases jam, 160 cases pulp fruit, 421 bags bark, 2300 cases fruit, 135 bandies willows. Gale in Poet Plillip. — The schooner Geor gina Smith had a narrow escape in Port Phillip during the gale on Wednesday night, when at tempting to make the passage from Geelong to Melbourne. Her sails were blown away in ribbons, and her boat was swept away Isy the seas. Fifty bales of wool, which wer* on .the deck, were also swept away. She was tosred back to Geelong .yesterday. Owing to the terrific gale the steamer Muriel, which left Geelong, on reaching the channel leading out of CorkTB&y;, was compelled to put back for tbe safety of tbe vessel. Naval Cottbt Mastial. — Captain Clayton pre sided at a court martia!, held on board E.M.S. Diamond, when the hearing of charge of neglect of duty against Leiut. Simps ozi and Signalman Holmes were heard. The lieutenant was repri manded and cautioned to be more careful in future- The signalman was reduced from his rank of first-class to second-class signalman. News FBOiii Tnteecoloxxal ' Poets. — The stsamer Gulf' of Tenice arrived at Melbourne yesterday from London ; E.M.S. Clyde' left Mel bourne for London yesterday, and tiie steamers Claucus for Newcastle and Southern Cross for Hobait left Melbourne this morning ; steamers Cintraand Der went from Sydney, and Warrego from Cooktown, arrived at Brisbane yesterday. To-dat's Newcastle Shipping. — Arrivals = Steamers Natnoi, Sydney, Wellington, Fiona, schooners Alpha, Amy ana Isabelle, ship Hoiden, and barque Nautilus, from Sydney ; barque Iris from Freeniantle; ship W. A. Campbell from Melbourne. Departures : Steamer Coia for Lake Macquarie; schooners Venus and Scotia for Sydney. Miscellaneous. — The steamer Ulawarra arrived in pore this morning from Wollongong ; ketch Agnes Hose and schooner Caledonia arrived at Nelson's Bay from Sydney this morning; schooner Advance and kstch Freetrader left Nelson's Bay for Sydney this morning ; steamer Coomocderry arrived at Crookhaven Heads from Sydney this morning; steamer Bega left Wollon gong for Kiama this morning ; schooner Jessie arrived at K-iH.mii. f . cm Wollongon;? tt-is morning ; Steamer Tweed and schooner Liffey arrived at Tweed Eiver from Sydney tfai^ morning; steamer Eosesiale and. schooner Susie arrived tnis morning at Manning Eiver trom Sydney. 