SUMMARY FOR EUROPE. POLITICAL. Ministers have done some Cabinet work during the fortnight, and a good deal of pleasure seeking, and the net result of both engagements has been small. They are not expected to be very busy in the first month of the recess, which is their holiday time, but in a .week 01 two they will return to their deportments and outer upon the important duty of bill draftuig Mr Deikm, Chief Secretary, leaves lor London by tho P ind O s s Sutlej on her prosont trip, as Olio of the dolegates to tho Imperial Conference, and Mr Lorimer, Minis tei of Bofoueo, follows m a fort night The Government havo also tppointed Sir Graham Beirv, agent general, and Mr Sorvico et Promioi, to be dolegates for tho colony at the confer once Mr Deakin will bo charged ?with a wido commission to deal with e> many matters of mtoiest to Victoria ni London particular!} in connection with the Contemn il Exhibition m 1888 m îespect to tho futuro Government of Now Gumoa, and m îogard to tho complica tions winch huv o alisen in tho matter of tho occupation by 11 vnco of the How Hobudca A fow membeis of tho Opposition re contly held a caucus to considoi tho in tontion of tho Goveinnont to send delegates to the confcienco, and though no decision was armed at, an opinion was expressed that tho Government should not havo appointed Mr Deakin nor Mr Loimior without consulting Parliament This view lias very small support outside tho moinbors -\\\lio mot to discuss the matter SOCIAL AND GLNLKAL His Excellency the Governor intends v sit ins the aboriginal stations at Ramnhyuck and Lal e Ijers in Gippsland towards the end of rcbruary or the beginning of March It was originally intended to bold a corro boree of the natives inhonoroftheGovernors visit but as several ministers o£ religion urt,ed His Ijxcellcuey not to countenance what tbej described as a demoralising ex lnbition that portion of the proposed enter tainment has been abandoned Mr John Corbett member for the Droit- wich division of Worcestershire in the House of Commons who with his son has been spending a short holiday in Australia and New Zealand was entertained by the Mayor (Mr Cain) in the town hall, Melbourne on January 12. A majority of the city councillors and a number of leading citizens were present. J he Mayor proposed the health of Mr Corbett. He was sorry that Mr Corbett was only on a 11} ing visit, lor he was to leave for Lugland next day but he had promised to puy the colonies a lengthened visit next year In reply Air Corbett said he had visited New Zealand, and had seen a great deal of that and some of the other colonies. He was sur prised at their resources and considered that it only required that these should be ptudentl j developed to render Austral isia one of the most prosperous portions of the British dominion Xhe Centennial Exhibition Commission held their first meeting on laesdaj Ihe object was to determine the time and scope oC the Exhibition with the Mew ot giving the information to Mr Deakin prior to his departure for 1 ngland It was resolved that the Exhibition should open on the 1st of August 188S and close on the 31st ot lanuar} 1S8J that it should be open at mejit that le should comprise the processes ot manufacture as well as the iimshed articles and that space and motive power should be provided free of charte subject to the right o£ the commissioners to reduce the amount of space or motiv e power granted to any exhibitor or to make a charge tor motive power if they deem it udvisnble Ihe ques tion of allowing the sale of articles exhibited was discussed but no decision was an i ved at with regard to it Mr D M Cameron the secretary to the Victorian Commission tor the Adelaide Jubilee Lxhibition li is returned from his visit to Adelaide to which city he went for the purpose of selecting a site tor the Vic torian court m the Lxhibition Mr li Murray Smith the president of the Victorian Commission met Mr Cameron in Adelaide Ihe whole o£ the buddina was thrown open to Mr Smith nnd Mr Cameron to BClcct irom and tbey decided to mark oft for Vic tona about 1 OOOIt o£ space in the south eastern portion of the main hall and 3 000ft m-the basement and such additional space ns may be required will be provided in the annexes Mr Murra} Smith ti ought very highly of the site selected for thy Victoiiui court considering it even superior to that re nor\ed for South.Australia itaeli Ihe Customs authorities have detained a consignment of four cases of books, sent by Messrs. Vizetelly and Co of London to certain booksellers in Melbourne on the ground that the letterpress was suggestive and indecent The works especially com plaied of were translations of M Zola's L'Assommoir, Nana and Piping Hot. Hte Commissioner of Customs having considered the matter has decided that the books shall be allowed to go into circulation. They are of an objectionable character but not in- decent within the meaning of the Customs Act. Typhoid fever is becoming very prevalent of late Within the last few weeks no fewer than 196 cases have been reported to the Central Board of Health of which 30 have proved fatal It is a well known fact too that many cases are not reported Ihe out break is not confined to any particular dis trict or districts but cvscs have been reported from all parts of the colony It was decided at a special meeting of the Central Bouid to ask tor the Chief Secretary s sanction to the appointment for three months of au assistant to Mr Le Cupelaine inspector and engineer to the Central Board of Health with a view to a closer investigation of the sanitary sur roundings of places where cases of typhoid occur and the Chief Secretary at once ap proved of the proposal It bos been determined by the Central Toard oE Health that the first and becond class passengers by the Preussen who aro now detained m quarantine at 1 ortsca should be released on tlie 28th mat providing that no fresh case ot infection bhould ni the meantime manifest itself Ihe date named will allow 21 dajs to expire since the last ciiBe which developed on the 7th inst Hie medical officers ot the quar intitie stati m were unanimous m recomnieudiug the 23th inst. as the day of release for those who had not suffered from small pox but they did not commit themselves to any rocommenda tion for the setting at liberty of the third class passengers and convalescents During the lortnight six deaths umongBt the qnaran tine passengers at Sydne} were reported but only one fatal case occurred amongst those quarantined in Vittoria A letter has been published in AVcllinston N Z from the admtr ii in command ot the Australian station girme, the cost of the Australian squadron as follows -1 stimated lirst cost to the British tiexpa}ers ot the vessels comprising the Australian squadron viz. -Nelson Diamond Op ii Miranda Knven Swinger Undine t nd Harrier £8-10121 estimated annual cost of above named vessels including cost of relieving crews £237 J12 ithis is exclusive ot coal depOt nt S}dne} and ot administration charges) Siv survc}in0 vessels in addition to the above are employed on the station and the entire chare.es in respect to four ot them are borne bj the A Imiraltj and in the case of other two the cost is sli ned between the Admiralty and Queensl m 1 in one case nnd between the Admirilty and \Vestern Australia in the other Since the return was made the Afn inda 1ms been repl iced by the Knpid amore costly vessel with a modern armament . Hie mumal session of theA\esle}an Con fcrence l8 now in progress Hie elected president for the } e tr is the I ev W 1 Wells who in his opening address to the United Conference remarl ed that the odin s Bion of laymen to the conference ha 1 been attended bj good results and there was not a minister ot the church who woul 1 "o b lek to the old arrangement were it in his po el to do so A\ hen ti c first Unite I Conference met they lind 75 circuits an ' I ome mission Btations 102 ministers and I1 781 members Now the} had 111 eiremts md mission st i tions 1¿¿ ministers and lb 112 members Hie rev gentleman referred to the moveme it which had been commenced in 1 ngland tor the union of the Methodist churches ui d expressed the hope that he woul 1 JIM to see that result accomplished As this was the year of the Queen s jul dec he said that the conference should not sep irate without re cognising the goodness ot Cod to Her Majesty and to Great Britain At the fortnightly meeta g of the execu tivo of the 1 mplojers Union which was »"held on Junuury U a communication w is ordcied to be forwardel t Air thomas Burt M 1 ior Morpeth 1 nüand one of the founders of the Tnglish board of concilia Uuu estaolishcd in 1873 askin" that gentle man to forward to the union a copy of the rules of that board together uah the annnnl reports, and any information which might be useful m connection with the d13 cusaion of the beat menna of avoiding strikes or lockouts 'J lie secretan waa instructed to give Mr Hurt full particulars as to the status of the Victorian 1 mployers' Union, the number of its members, the objects for which it was formed, and the causes which led to its initiation, together with u cop. of the con stitution of the Victorian board of concilia tion. 'Hie Irades hall Council will also communicate with Mr Burt on the same matter \- ht hrst through express train from Ade laide to Melbourne, run under the dirction of the respective riulwnj departments ot the two colonies, armed ni Spencer street last 'Ihursday morning It contained about .SO passengers who expressed themselves as being well pleased with the easy and com fortable manner in winch the journey had been accomplished A telegram has been reecived by the trus tees of bcols Chureli, Melbourne intimating thut the I.ev Dr Lamerón Lees, ot bt, Giles s, Edinburgh, entertains the invitation ot the congregation to visit the colony, and awaits the letter winch has been sent to him befoie decidm_, An adjourned extraordmarj meeting of the North Long funnel Gold mining Companv, Walhalla, waa held at bratts Hotel on Mon day afternoon 'lhere »as a good attendance of shareholders, l'l 380 Bharea beiug repre sented Mr 1_ Langton presided, and on his motion it was deudul " that the mine anil propcrtj of the company be placed on the London market, and that the directors ure hereby authorised to execute all instructions and do all acts required for enabling the coinpanj's n_.ent to sell the property ' It waa further agreed on the motion of Mr Keogh, seconded by Mr Win Pearson, " That the property ot the company be Bold for not less than £_ per share clear of all de auctions whatsoever save bj waj of commis sion, not to exceed 5 per cent, in case of sale " At the meeting of directors, held at the conclusion of the general mteting, it was resolved that Mr l.dwnrd Langton should proceed to London as the company's agent, and he was accordingly furnished with a power of nttornej, terminable at six months iron, the date of issue At a luncheon given on board the new Bteamslnp Changaba on Inesday opportunity was taken to compliment the directors of the China Navigation Company on the spirit of enterprise they had displayed in placing such well equipped boats in the passenger trade Hie luncheon was given by the ngente, Messrs. Lorimer, Kome, and Co , and Captain Williams, commander of the vessel, to repreaentativea 01 the commerce una shipping ot the port, and to the principal clients who have transac tiona here with the company Alter lunch Mr llobert Harper, M L A , proposed 11s a toast "Hie Owners of the Changalla," und gave a letrospect of the China trade when véasela used to take from GO to SO dajs, and even longer, in bringing tea and Chinese products to tina colony lhe China Navigation Company had made a great stride tow ards establishing a paasenger trade ot n high class character, and their success would bo well deserved Captain rtilhatns made a brief response for the owners, At a recent meeting of the executive com mutee of the Lnrd'a Day Observance bocietj, it v. 03 reported by a member of the com mittee that he had just received from Mr Morton of London, a very valuable case of books and pamphlets bearing on the Sabbath question for distribution iii Victoria It was arranged to reserve a selection to form the nucleus of a library for the society, and also to send parcela to the Melbourne Public Librar}, the Young Men's Christian Associa tion Library, and the Working Men's Lord a Daj Heat Association, the balance to be freely distributed 'ihe pantomime of "lïobinson Crusoe ' continues to hold the stage of the Theatre Koyal, but its early withdrawal baa been announced " Little Jack Sheppard ' is still ver) popular at the Opera house. An Irish drama bj Mr George Darrell, entitled "The boggarth," Ima been produced at the Bijou Theatre. During the last fortnight the performances by the new Italian Opera Company, at the Alexandra Theatre, have consisted of " Norma" and " 1 aust,' already mentioned On the 17th instant Donizetti's " Koberto Deveteux" waa plojed for the first time in this country by an excellent cast, including Signore Ciuti and Ca\ allen and Signoi La/./.armi The musical public here dis coveted no curiosity concerning this work, which, although very well performed, failed to attract attention On Saturdaj, the 22nd inst., Verdi's " Un Bailo in Muechera' was played for the first time bj this company with u Hue cast, und with excellent musical cilect. The distribution of the parts includes the names of Signore laghavia, Cavalier!, and Kebottaro, nndbignonSantmelli, Piraa/zoni, Buzzi, und De Alba Mr Robert kenned., the son of the popular Scottish vocalist, recently deceased, is gu mg entertainments in the style of his father, vv ith success He is now on point ot departure on an extended Australian tour At the Princesas 'Iheatre the " Pirates of Penzance ' has been repro tluced with much success, aud it has now ¿iven place to "Iolanthe rOLIlICAL CRISIS IN NEW SOUTH WALLS As was foreshadowed m our last summary number, the disagreement in the Cabinet between the Premier Sir Patrick Jennings, and the Colonial Secretar}, Mr G li Dibbs, has led to the disruption and resignation of the Jennings Ministry Acting upon the solicitations ot bis closest friends Mr Dibbs forwarded a telegram to tho Governor stating that if it would relieve His 1 xccllency of any difficult} he would resign Ins position as Colonial Secretary In takm0 this step Mr Dibbs was actuated by a desire to relieve the Governor ol any cm burrussment which uiiLlit be occasioned by the possible necessity for the formation of a new Ministry bl fore tile meeting of Parha men I. and nlso by a wish that it should be known that he had no intention of clinging to olhce 01 wrecking the Ministry with which he had been connected 'Hie Governor thanked Mr Dibbs tor the disinterestedness whieh prompted his pro posai, and which he warml} appreciated On Tanuar} 14 the Governor accepted the résiliation of the Mnustr) It is understood that the Pienuer felt compelled to press his resignation, but bem" anxious to offer as little embarrassment as possible to his sue cessors he was willing to meet Parliament on the following luesdn) for the purpose ol ob taming the supplies necessary to carry on the public service until the new Miuistry could meet the House Lord Cainntton at once placed himself m communication with Sir Henry Parkes the leader of the Opposition who accepted the commission to form a new Goi eminent Parliament was opened on January l8 by commission Ihe message to the Assembly set forth that owing to the resignation ot the Mnustrj the Governor dosued that an oppor tunity nii(,ht beollered tor issuing writs for auppl}uig the vacancies caused by the change ot administration und thiit the House should assent to such adjournment us micjit be cou Bidered uecessarj In the Cou îcil Dr Mackellar stud that the names ol the new Government would pro bubly be announced on the morrow and the House adjourned until next du) In the Assembly a short statement with reference to the Ministerial crisis was made by Sir Patrick Jennings, who moved the adjournment of the lljusc until the following da}, when he would ask for supplies tor the current month Hie motion was agreed to On January 20 it was announced that the new Ministry had been iormed us follows - SirULMii runas, Premier and Colonial Secret«} Mr J r Bunvs Colonial Treasurer Mr InouAH Guiittir, Secretary for Lauds Mr Toiiv SUTUEIUAMJ, Secretary for Public A\ orks Mr W J 1 osren, Attorney General Mr Jvs INCUS, Munster for lubke In struction Mr AVJI Ct MIKE Minister of Justice Mr C J KojiEitrs Postmaster General Mi 1 itAxcis AUK, vit, Munster ot Mines Sir Henry Parkes received a reply from Mr G If held, who was very tricndl) but de chned to take olhce as he desired to give the whole of his time to his profession On Jununry21 a Supply Kill was introduced prov ullin, lor ti 27o 000 of which 11150 000 was required lor the services of Junuuiy and Tcbruary ilOOOOO foi the Ireusurers ad vanee account and £2j 000 foi detrajmt, the expense ol the lehet worl s for the unem plojed l%b 87 lins measure was pissed throush all its s %cs without much dela> but during the discussion one or two interesting statements were made bj Sir Henry Parkes. Hie first of these had reference to the forth comme elections Ile said thut he was mxious to avoid any appearance of rushing the elections and he desired to consider tile interests ot h s opponents as well ni, those of his fncnds Ile invited Btig.estions us to changes in the arruikcmenta which would promote tne convenience of candidates irre api clive ot then politic ii opinions lie did not see an) possibility of the new Parliament beim, called together betöre 1 ebruury 26 He w u3 dccpl) impressed with the urgency of the tibt and recognised thut it the Government wen successful at the elections it would be to their interest to meet the House as early as possible, while if unsuccessful it would redound to their credit if they relinquished ofhee as soon us possible It is undeistood that Sir Henry Parkes has power to dissolve the House When the House assembled on Thursday the Speaker (Air P Barton) intimated Ins intention of resigning on account of his desire to devote more attention to his private affaira nnd to conserve his health Mr Barton was warmly congratulated by Sir Henrj Parkes and Sir Patrick Jennings on the abilitj and mdustrj he had displajed during tua occupancy of the chair On Mondaj fair Henrj Parkes stated in the Aasemblj that the Government would con aider their first duty to be an endeavour to extricate the country from its present de plorable condition by two classes of mea sures one having immediate reference to lmahcial nffairs, and the other having remoter reference to tinanciul affairs lhey would seek in the first place to obtain as large an amount of revenue from the public estate as could he obtained compatible with just regard for the inteiesta of those settled on the land Another mode of obtaining an increased revenue upeedily was by cntireli changing the management ot the railwuja V measure intended to withdraw the railwaja absolutely liom political influence would be regarded as among the roost urgent by the Government, who would seek to have the railwaj a worked by a board- or commis sion on principies of economy cfhciency and commercial beneht to the slate as well as of advantage to the people A careful and searching inquiry would be immediately ronde into the whole civil service, with the object of at once equalising the revenue and the expenditure. One of the eaihcst measures tobo introduced would be for the establish ment ot a well considered and suitable s> stem ot self covernment, the ultimate tllect ot which was expected to bo a large saving of public inonej As lar us the fiBCal policy w s concerned, the Government would be no party to increasing the duties levied through the Custom house, but would rather work in the direction ol lowering those duties, although he was no prepared to state exactly how far they would go He would certainly m no way violate the principles of free trade If extra fixution should be necessary the Government would refrain from introducing an income tax, and would rely on a comprehensive and equitable sjatem ol property taxation that would reach every man in the countrj, according to bia nbihtj to paj and would approach him in the leuat unpleasant manner bir Henry Parkes was sworn in aa Colonial Secretary on lues daj, and issued an address on the same day to the electora of St. Leonaids Ile makes fice trade a cardinal point of his policy AGRICULTUR1. The gram harvest is virtually at an end , the weather having remained fine, the work has progressed unchecked The high tem perature baa favoured stripping, and but for the early losses by locusts, there would be no adverse conditions to chronicle The harm done bj those insects was even greater to the pasture and to the flag of the cereals than to the grain The effect of their deatroymg the herbage ia now visible in the clearing oil for market of cattle and ahcep in unusual numbera Hud ram fallen in quantity, the pasturage would have made rapid growth, and have helped grazieia to tide over the difhculty, but where the loss of grain has been the greatest the loss of pastu rage baa been proportionately large In some localities m the North Western district growera alíese that the locusts reduced their 5 leid from liv e bugs of wheat per acre to three bnts. Reports of actual yields from the same districts are however upon the whole, verj cheering It is evident that our esti mate of the probable results of the harvest will be fully borne out, although the ditter ence between the heaviest und the lightest jielda will be much greater than in ordinary aeasons AVhilst we hear ot individual jields as high aa .0 and 45 bushels pel acre, we have also accounts of crops too short and too poor to be reaped It is satisfactory to find that the general average will be well maintained, and that the quality of Victorian wheat will tnia season be fine The oat crop, although not so extensive aa m former j ears, is turning out Bome excellent yields Trom Numurkah come reports of uu average of 15 bigs per acre on one farm, and ot nearly 11 bugs per acre on another Trom the same part of the North Lastern district we hear also of an ex ceptional yield of nearly 10 bags of wheat to the acre SPORTING The first two events of the Intercolonial Challenge Yacht Race have just been sailed in Sydney Victoria was represented by Sir William CIarCTS--iPj_jA33 tons, scratch , and New South WaleaT5_r~iife___T_^ R 1 airfax s Magic, 23 tona, having a time allowance of 3m 13sec., while Mr A. G Wilson s Waitangi, 21 tons, had an allowance of fun 19sec. As the first race was over a part ocean course the Victorian yacht was the favountc, but a great deal ot her rigging was carried away, and the Waitangi won without her time allowance In the second race theie a moat exciting contest between the Janet and Vvuitungi, the former winning bj 27a but being easily defeated on the time allowance lins practically decides the championship, aa the Waitangi having two wina can not be affected by the reault of the third race The Janet was sailed by a professional crew and pilot while the Vi ut.ngi waa m charge of hei owner and a crew of amateurs At the Lake Bathurat Regatta Ivew South M ales a disgraceiul scene occurred between the scullers Matterson and Kemp They were competing in the Outrigger Lace Kemp was leading, and Matterson, m trjing to pass him fouled Kemp's boat. Kemp allégea that Matterson caught boll of Ina boat; und smashed a hole in the deck but Matterson declared that he only pushed the boat na Kemp purposely blocked his vvaj However Kemp struck Matterson m the buck with his list and smashed his boat BO budlj that it sunk', und Matursou had to swim to land On arriving at the boatshed, Kemp who was waiting for Matterson, struck him and broke his nose I he uc counts vary aa to who waa the aggressor in the firat instance, hut the matter will pio bablj be brought before the police court The only race meeting of importance for the iortnif.li- baa been the Victorian Club Annual Meetm ', which waa lietel on Satur ilnj Hie Hurdle Race waa won by Whale bone and the Tvvojearold btakea by Su- matra. The chief event ot the meeting, the Victorian Club Cup, wus won bj Mr M Loughlins Britisher Twelve horses started for the Steeplechase, und although the pace wus fust throughout, not a Bingle mistake was made, Atlas winning The Junuarj Handicap was won bj Hogmanay, after a fine race w ith Sedition and Koluu Till. LABOUR MAUMU' The Geelong tanners are still out on strike to resist the attempt of the masters to return to lune 1 oura work per day in lieu of the eight hours svstem, which has been tried aa an experiment lhe Shearers' Unions ot Australasia have fixed the price of shearing at IDs per 100 with rations, or 17s (id with out rations, foi Victoria and the Bouth eastern portion of South Australia, and £1 per 100 without rations tor New bouth Wules The ratea tor tasmania and New Zealand and the muthern portions of Australia are to be fixed at a iuturc duti Cooks pay waa fixed at 3s per man per week for 20 shearers and under, and J» Od per man where there were more than 20 Mi A Wynne, a sheep owner, who waa present, exprc8sed the opinion that the tates adopted bj the union would work well Hie Ci_urmukers Society have resolved that it the strike ot the imploi/éi ot Messrs Jacobs, Hurt, and Co, for higher pay, is not speedily battled the Commissioner ot Customs ahull be naked to alter the license fees pavablc by miinufuotuiers of cigars with a view to enabling the men on Btnke to vvoik on the co operative principle The bhopLmplojca Union are endeavouring to induce some of the suburban municipal corpo rations to pass bj lawa legalising the udop tion.ot the eight hours system in shops. Hie vv lekerworkera have u_,reed to request the Commissioner ot Customs to charge a duty on perambulators and to increase the duty on wickcrwork in oidor to protect them from foreign labour Hie Silk und lclt Hatters Protection Association lins rcaolvcd that active steps he taken to ovcicome the depression which has existed tor a long period in the hatting trade It was pointed out that insufficiency of turill and loose classification had a treat deal to do with the depressed state ot the tiade and that it waa unreasonable to suppose that the mauuftic turcrs and operatives here could successfully compete with the long hours and cheapness of forei"n labour A resolution waa curried that a maaa meeting he held m the Irades hall at a future date and that some prominent piotcctiomsts be invited to at tend INTERCOLONIAL 2sr\V SOU III WALES Sir P Jennings has cabled to the agent general, intimating that the Government approved of the proposals submitted regard nig the proposed Imperial Institute, and would recommend that the colony should Bhare in the joint Australasian contribution of £Jj,000, apportioned on the basis of popula lion Meetings m favour of the separation move ment continue to be held m the northern districts, and it appears that organised efforts will be made to secure the severance of all the territory north ot the JOth degree of south latitude from New South Wules, and its erection into a separate colony A large public meeting is to be held at Glen Innes, when statistics as to the area, popula tion, revenue, and resources of the proposed new colony will be presented At the annual session of the Nev South AVales and Queenaland Wesleyan Conference on January IS the Rev W. G B Stephenson was elected president of the conference for the ensuing year The retiring presi lent the Rev Richard Sellors gaven longnddress in which ho referred in deprecatory terms to the attention paid nowadays to novel forms of religious sensationalism which he said did more than anything else to retard the pro gress of Christianity Hie election for Kiama took place on Januar) 1J when Mr Angus Cameron wus returmdb) a substantial majority over Mr Bruce Smith the trades and labour Council has de ci led to ask the various trade societies to Bend to Air John Norton in 1 ngland quarterly reports on the condition ot their trides Preliminary steps have also been tal en for presenting a substanti ii testi inoiual to Mi jNorton on his return from 1 noland V proposal lina been made to erect an ocean p er at Mnnlysimilar to those mvariouB parts ot tin old countt) Hie cost is estimated at i-oOOOO A demonstration organise I by the I rades and Labour Counul ot New South Wales as a protest against the state assisted immi gration policy of the colony took 1 luce on J inuary 15 ihe procession which was couq oscd of the members of the various trade societies formed neir the lown hall and mirched to the Domain where al out 2 000 persons were addresse 1 by several speakers who strongly condemned the action of the Government lor 1 ivishly spending money 111 order to intro (luce more people into the colony while thousands of those already here had no worl Kesolutions were pas«ed aflirimin, that state assisted immigration is detrimental to the interests of the worl mc. c1 esses of the colon) and should cease and approving of the utterances o£ Mi Norton the labour delegate in Lnglund on the state of the labour market Hie suggested establishment of a two penny postcard system between the colonies und Great Britain does not apparently meet with much favour the intercolonial Govern meats simply acknowledging thecommunica tions 01 the New South W ales 1 ostmaster General on the subject Hie heilth of the Bishop of ¿Newcastle 19 reported to be improving He will shortly seek a change ot scene and complete rest at Armidale During the fortnight there have been labour disputes attended by disturbances at the Bulli and Mount Keira coat mines The barque Centurion 900 tons of the AVlute Star line lett the harbour at 10 clock on the mormn" ot January lb in tow of the steam tug Phoebe for JNcivcnstle where she was to load coal for Honolulu Che wind was blowinn very hard from the south ward when the vessel st irted nnd when they reichcd the South licef just inside the Heads a heavy squall with thick ram and a heavy sea was encountered On rounding the reef a vessel was seen anchored be tiveen the Heads lins proved to be the Manlie^an which was bound to Newcastle She bud bpen in tow but the wmd was so hard that it was feared that she would drift oil to the JNorth Head and the anchors were let e,o When the tug 1 hohe got out some distance the captain lound that he would come down on this barque if he pro ceeded as the wind was blowing BO heavily He therefore stopped and went astern the Centurion meanwhile sa^ginc, towards the North Heiul Alter the tow line was slackened the birquc graduait) drifted until she struck on the roc! s between the inner and outer North Head Hie tow line then parted and the vessel began to bump heavily on the rocks I w euty minutes afterwards she dis appeared bodil) he id first 1 ortunatel) the pilot steamer » is 111 attendance, and sent off two boats which succeeded with the greifest difficult) 111 rescuing all the officers and the crew ot the Centunon Ihe crew saved uotluuc, Neither vessel nor carc,o wus 111 surcd lhere were serious floods throughout the colony on Monday and tuesday At a missionary meeting m connection with the A\ esleyan Conterence on luesdny nicht the Rev 13 Dunks missionary from New Britain stated that the German Govern ment recognised the beneficial work carried on by the Weale)an missionaries m JNew Britain and directed that the) should be guarded against mterlerence b) any other missionaries He highly commended the atti tude assumed by the German n tval authorities in the south se is towards the n itives of the islands which are under their supervision QUE! \SLV\D Speal mg nt lioclch iinptou on \\\ ednesday Sir Samuel Grilli li allu led to the summons from Her Majesty for representatives lrom tile various Governments throughout the principal colon es of the empire to confer 111 I ondon on matters affecting the interests of the empue He said that be would have been guilt) of conduct of the most churlish dis lo) al und improper character ha 1 he re fuBcd such an invitation lhere were nu portant matters between 1 iifrlaud and the colonies on which the colonies wanted to know each others minde and to cometo a definite understandinc. It was hence ot the greatest import ince that the wishes and ieelinc,s of the colonies should be under stood Hie Mnustr) were entertained ata picnic on lanuary 17 by the libel ii members of larhimcnt Sir Samuel Grifiith in respond mg to the toast of his health said that duty to the colony and to LneJand cillcd him to the mother countr) Hie action he took when the mvituti m arrived had led to other colonies appointing their best men to rcpre sent them nt the conference which he believed would be the most import mt ever field Most of the AuBtr iii m representatives knew Austr din and what she needed Sir Samuel Gnllith evpects to reach Lngland euri) in March Mr nume Black Al L A has been np pointed b\ the Separation Council at towns ville a dclee ite lo proceed to London 111 eon nectiou with the movement At a recent meeline, ot the Tra les and labour Council a letter was read from the C0I0111 ii under secretary m reply to a com muiucution from the couucil requesting the stoi page of mun c,r it on 1 lie letter states \- Sir Samuel Griffith dcsircB rae to inform )OU that the Government is not disposed to accept the responsibility of entirely discon tinning lmmigntinn at present Such a course would neecasuril) involve a laree and immediate reduction ot the expenditure on public worltB instead of an increase in the evpenditure as urged by the council Ihe sugar crushing tina season has yielded an excessively low aver lee A quarantine station is about to bo estab lishcd on 1 ndu) Island torres straits an 1 on the north shore of the I ndcavour Uiver Hie Brisbane Bible Society have it m con temptation to celebtate the Queen s jubilee b) presenting the state school children with îsew lestitncnts contamine, a copy of the Oucen a autot,rnph Disastrous Hoods have occurred all over the southern part ot the colon) dunnc. the past few du) s Brisbane and Ipswich have suffered severel) and a number of deaths from droivninL. have been reporte 1 SOUIH AUstl VLI\ Parliament has been further prorogued from lanuary 31 to April 5 Hie liquidators of the Commercial Bank of South Austral! 1 arc reticent but allí Invita 111 the Supreme Couit show that £700 ¿27 has been paid leaving £2JJ Out still unpaid to Australian creJitors Hie liquidators have enough to pay the 1 nghsh creditors 111 full but some delay is caused by the action of the 1 nghsh hquilators Hie liquidators will file iinotbir balance sheet at the end of this month It is not definitely 1 novvii whether a call will be made I he annual Bess on of the AVesleyan Con ference was opene I 111 the I ine street Wes loan Church on January 1J lhere was a lar"e atteii lance Hie 1 cv J Y Simpson w is elected | resident for the eiisuinc, jeiir At a recent meeting of the I xecutive Council the followin" working men represen tutives were appointe 1 magistrates -Messrs Ivoi AIGllivri) piesi lent rf the Port A lelaide AVorkn u Alen s Association A A ktikpitnck chainnin of the 1 i"ht Hours Celebrition Committee nul J Morris mid \\\ \ Robinson piesidcnt and secretary of the trades and J auour Council 1 he «rival of the nrst pxpiess train from Melbourne 011 I hursday w is witnessc I by a large number ot citi/ei s 1 he run was most succcsslul ind the line worked smoothl) I he quantity of wool sold 111 Adelai lo from October 1 ist up to date w s IS 38G b iles being an mere ise o£ 3 000 on ti e previous )ear 1 rices have been consider ibly better than in 188J Some abnormally heavy wheat yields are reported from the districts in the immediate vicinity of Mount Gambier Mr John Lange o£ Gambier 1 ast reaped UJ bushels to the acre and Mr J Norman 47 while re cords ot 40 bushels are common eiiouL.il AM'sfERN AUSri ALIA The Government commence the present year with a credit balance of 183 118 " Dean Gibney was consecrated lloman Catholic Bishop of Perth on Sunday in the Cathedral of the Immaculute Conception Ihe ceremony was vvitnessel by a Iare,e assemblage of all denominations and every class of societ) Cardinal Moran officiated benif, assiste 1 b) Bishop Reynolds of Ade luide Bishop Salvado of Port Victoria and a number ot the local clergy In the after noon the Roman Catholic laity of Perth presented Bishop Gibney with a conc,ratu latory uddress 1 he arrival of Cardinal Moran on Friday, in order to preside at the consecration of Dr Gibney new Roman Catholic Bishop of Perth was thesignal for enthusiastic demonstrations of welcome A large concourse of people assembled on the jettv, awaiting the arrival ot the steamer at Fremantle The Btreets were tastcfullj decorated, and a handsome triumphal arch was erected near the railwaj station As soon as the steamer that brought his Eminence and suite from King George a Sound touched the jetty she was bua-ded by the members of the reception committee, who conducted the cardinal to a carnage, vv Inch, accompanied by a large procession, pro- ceeded to a platform ne ir the railway station, where addresses of welcome wera presented by various Catholic societies The cardinal suilablj ícphed His Imminence, attended by the leading residents of Perth and 1 rcmantle, then entered the train for Perth On reaching the Peith railwaj station the curdinal received an enthusiastic ovation from the crouds assembled to welcome lum A procession was then formed, passing through triumphal arches, with which, and a prolusion ot bunting, the streets were de- corated. On arriving at the cathedral the J _ JjLiim was sung, alter which ceremony the cardinal was escorted to the palace, where a number of addresscB were presented to bim He replied wa inly thanking the community tor the hearty reccptiou that had been given lum All classes and creeds com- bined to honour the distinguished visitor Much uunojunce hua been caused in Perth by the temporary stoppage of the Midland land grant railway works, in consequence of the non urrivnt of the raila and complications connected with the final floating of the coin panj in Lngland Nearly all the hands were paid oil last week Mr Hare, the Government Resident at Cambridge Gulf, reports very heavy floods, covering the countrv for miles News from the goldfields to December 31 state that parties are exploring in all direc- tions, but the results ure not known jet There are good accounts from the Carr Bojd reef 'the road to the fields is still fit tor pack trafile The revenue for the last quarter amounted to £02,324, and the expenaiture to £137,273 The revenue tor the year was £ 178,O') I, and the expenditure £3').,ü7"> TASMANIA. At a meeting of the Executive on January 12, the Attorney General (Mr J Stokell Dodds) was appointed to represent the colony at the London Conference At a meeting of the Executiv e on Monday tho appointment of Mr Dodds to represent the colony at the Imperial Conference was confirmed Mr. Adye Douglas was also np pointed a représentative. The excess ot arrivals over departures for the last quarter waa 1,2b-. It ia expected tnat the Ministry will re- main in ufhee, and that Mr Adje Douglas, the agent general, will not leave London for some time, perhaps not till the expiration of his term of olhce Mr Justice Giblin died on January 17 from heart disease on which dropsy bud super- vened. He was in Ina 17th jear, and during his comparatively brief career hud displnjcd a conspicuous cupacity for public life With the exception of one or two briet intervals, he held Ministerial ofliee from 1870 to 1885, in which lutter j ear he was raised to the bench of the Supieme Court. NEW líHALAND. nis Excellency Sir W. V. Jervois is at present on a visit to Dunedin, where he will stay about two months. Lady Jcrv ois was rather seriously indisposed on her arrival, and had to be conv eyed to hci residence on a litter In consequence of the meeting of Parlia- ment in April next, the Government do not see their way to send a Minister as their representative at the Imperial Conference The agent general ior the colony, Sir F. Dillon Bell, will represent New Zealand at the conference Te Whiti, the Maori prophet, waa released from prison on the 3rd insfc, after complet- ing Ina sentence of imprisonment. The fine ot £100 which was also imposed will not be enforced so long as the behaviour of the pro phot ia good The long absence of the prophet, Te Whiti, from Ina people, nnd the non- fulfilment ot bia prophecy about the reatoration of the land, is believed to have greatly weakened his influence with his followers, and it is considered likely that he may find it advis- able to abandon Taranaki Phe influence of King 'lavvhtao also appears to have dis- appeared, and it ia remarked that while his importance since he joined the blue ribbon nrmy has decreased, that of the late rebel, Te Koon, has increased The latter is now wandeimg about the Han ke'a Bay diatrict with a following of uearlj COO, and while he preaches temperance he practises the very re v erae. Mr Price Williams, C I-, the representa tive of English capitalists, Ima acquired all the mineral lenses he could secure in the Col- lingwood district ot Nelson, und it is in- tended to proceed to work v ery shortly to develop the coal resources ot that dis- trict. '1 he skeleton of a large whale, nearly 70ft in length, has been discovered embedded in some Bandstone rock near Greymouth, about 100ft above the level of the sea 'Hie bones were not petrified, and the sandstone is Bott enough to enable it to be worked bj picks The heat throughout the colony during several weeka past has been intense, bush firea raging in several districts The i w Zealand JJ el aid atates that the Hawaiian Government intend purchasing nu armed cruiser out of the loan recentlv raised, und that they aie determined to adopt un active policy in the South Pacific The trial ot Caftrey and Penn lor the Great Barrier Island murder was concluded on baturdoj Both prisoners were found guiltj, with a recommendation to mercj Sentence of death was passed on both the prisoners. 'Hiej have both confessed, and it ia under stood Penn admits having hred the iatal shot The Rev T Oliver has been elected presi dent of the W'cslejun Coniereuce At the annual meeting of the New Zealand Insurance Company the report and balance sheet, recommending a dividend of 3B per share and the carrjiug of £10,000 to the reserve fund, and earrjing forward £3,931, wus adopted On Sundaj alternoon a destructive fire, involving the loaa of three livea, broke out m the large factory of the Dunedin Iron und Woodwarc Compauj '1 he value of the pro peru destrojed is estimated at from £1-0,000 to £.00,000 1'TJI. The new jear has aeen the arrival of the new Governor, Sir Charlea Mitchell His Ex- cellency took everjono thoroughly bj sur prise by arriving per A & N. Corapany'B s B. Gunga on Sunday, January 2 No pre- parations lind been made for Ina reception, and his. landing was, therefore, u very quiet affair. He was sworn in on the afternoon of the day of lua arrival, and on the following morning be went on in the saino steamer to Levuka, where, through there being no pigeon to curry the news, he took everyone equally hy surprise He has received deputations from the Levuka Town Board, the Chamber of Gommel ce, and the Planters' Association, all of which presented addresses of welcome and received suitable replies '1 ho townstollc generally likewise wuitcil upon linn, and he has impressed them most favourably The accounts from the tea plantations are moat encouraging, and the reports ot London ex-perts on the product ure everjtliing that could be desired The tea prospectis regarded as the most hopclul indication in the entire outlook The estimates for 18S7 are as follow - Anticipated revenue, £00,18'), estimated ex- penditure, £7'),038, preliminary deficit, £10,000 Hie old jear closed with a heavj blow to the fortunes of Levuka. Hitherto the J\i Times, the leading journal ot the colonj, has been issued from the old capital, and despite the waning importance und prosperity of the old town, this bus kept it well to the iront in the notice ot the outside public. Hence- forward, however, the paper will bo issued from Suva. This is the most serious reverse in its way which Levuka has sustained since the removal ot the seat ot govern- ment NEW GUINEA. Mr John Douglas, Special Commissioner for New Guinea, ia at present on a visit to the southern colonies witu a view to con- ferring with the Governments of New South Wales and Victoria on Now Guinea affairs generally Mr. Douglaa has kept the Colonial Ofliee fully advised of the progress of affairs in New Guinea and the results of Ina ob- servations He thinka there is a great futuie before the countrj, which, however, will have to bo worked by the labour of the inferior races, as it will not, to any vcrj large extent, afiord hornea tor the Europea» lubnuring classes Amongst the passengers bv the Orient s a Austral, which arrived in Melbourne from Sjdnej on January 17, waa Mr W It Cuth bertson, who has been enguged for about five months on surveying work in New Guinea, under a commission fioin the Hon John Douglas, Special Commiasioner for New Guinea. Mr. Cuthbertson, with his Bluff of aeven Europeans, reached Port Moresby in July, and immediately proceeded to lay out two aettlementa around the harbour. These budding townships will be known in the future as Granville East and Granville West The former occupies the extreme southern Doint of Port Moresby. It com Erises an area ot 50 acres, which Mr Cuth ertHon has surveyed in quarter acre blocks, provision being made ior roads two chaîna jn width. The site is described us very pic- turesque, and as the «rater ia tour fathoms i deep in close proximit) to the township the place is likcl) to become a valuable port m I the future A rest house has tilrea 1) been establishe 1 there for the cenvenienco of European visitors One mile to the east of Grnnville Mest is Granville! list the area of winch is about 100 acres divided into qunr ter acre allotments as in the case of the western township It is confidently nntiei p itcd that when the Imperial Government Eroclamis a sovereignty over New Guinea the ulk of these allotments will be speedily taken up b) Ltirope in investors MONErARY AND COMMERCIAL Hie -dj//tis Office Wednesday Tvemng Hie RMS C1)de left on 13th met for London with tho outward Australian mails Hie arrangements for the com ey ance of these mulls to Adelaide overland not bciu" yet perfected they were despatctied b) steamer as usual Hie It. M S Rental with the mails from London to December 10 arrived in the bay on loth mst fhe Ben"al has made a good passage and the mails were only IG da) s in transit Hie passenger list I was a full ona 1 lie R. AI S S Austral of the Orient line sailed on the -2nd mst Hie approximate number of passengers was CO in the saloon 80 m the second satoon and HO in the third cabin On this voyage there is almostnsuperlluityof carc.0 butthcreia ample space under hatches and it anything is shut out it will be to conserve space for Adelaide freight the aim of the company berne, to oblige each colon) as much as possible In addition to the ordinary freight the Austral takes awa) 3 u70 carcases of tro/en mutton in the refrigerating chamber Hie It M S Chiinbora/o of the Orient line arrived on the 2'nd inst from London Her mails hod reached Melbourne on 1 rlda) by the over land express from Adelaide, in 11 days time from london The mails for New /ealand only were brought on bv the steamer an 1 were taken delivery of m Hobson s Bav Hie Chimbora/o lind a lull complement of pas senders. Hie 1 reneh mail steamer JNutal of the Messageries Maritime1* airivtd in the ba) from Marseilles on 23rd mst lhe Natal continues to maintain her prestige for fnst steaming and the present run out has been accomplished in excellent time lue Germ in mini stc unship Salier of the Norddeutscher Lloyd arrived on l'lth inst from Bremen and Ant verp na Adelaide with passengers and carto Hie Salier was the boat selected by elie North German Lloyd Company to commence the Imperial mail service to Australia and abe is now on lier | Becond round voyage On this occasion her passenter accommodation was again fullv tuleen up and there were no tevver than Ht in the steeraee Of this number about 200 were for Melbourne the steamship Port Darwin of the Anglo Australasian line ur rived on the 20th mst from London ii« the Sue/i Canal and Adelai le During the past fortnight business has shown some siyis of improvement but not to the extent antic pated lhere is how ever a good general demand especially from the country which should lead to in creased activity shortl) 1 rade continues on a sound basis and no failures of any conse quence hal e occurred 1 he money market is slicjitl) easier but as soon as the proceeds of the lonn recently Uoated in London an I other moneys arc available money should be plentiful Up to the present, though the rates of interest were reduced on the 17th inst no chance has occurred lu the rates of discount and until these are lower traders will not reap any material advantage lins reduction is not expected to take place till tow ards the closo of next month In the mean time owing to the position of the banks e\ chante is very weal and interferes maten lily with export business lhe wheat crop is turning out be}ond expectations while the advance In the price of wool advised today is veiy encourugint to pastoralists Stocks of most articles are moderate so that should there be a considerable improvement in trade merchants look for an advance in values at the B une time Up to the present however transactions us n rule have been confined to small parcels for actual wants. 1 or bulk ales there has not been so good an inquiry, and lew sales are making M e have only heard of one or two parcels of At 1 wan s and Cooper and M Lead s having been quitted at current rates 1 or bottled ales and stouts a good demand is maintained and Bales ure makin,, freely at agents quotations In jute goods a moderate business is doing 1 or cornsacks a good inquiry is maintaine I and fair parcels have been quitted ut up to fis lid 1 or trade parcels more money is asked Holders aro firm and lool for u furthei adv ince A\ oolpacks have not been noticed Lranbngs have been in fan request and severn! parcels have been quitte I at up to Is lOjjd Candles are firm at Ofd duty paid Colonial made are moving oil steadily at current rutes Atood demand has been maintained lor fish and some large lines have changed hands recentl) at full prices. Salmon is inov mt off quietly at Is A specu lative demand has been experienced for sar dines and during the past week close on 1 000 cases of halves and quarters have been til en up nt up to 8s for halves and up to .Is fid for quarters Good fish is scarce and full prices aro readily obtained Good sales of fresh and kippered herrings have also been rankine, oj) full prices Ling IB moving oil steadily uf up to ifd for cases In the breadstuff's marl et there has not been much business dornt 1 'our is moving off Bteadily for ordinui) trade requirements but no large lines are chanting hands At the same time prices are easier lor country made, from £0 Os to 10 7a 01 is quoted while town millers have reduced their price to £0 12s C1 the deliveries from the country nie still moderate A good inquiry has been experienced for whent, bur, princi p lily for consumption slnpp rs beint unable to do business nt present prices 1 he deliveries till recentl) have been light and are now less than nt the same time last year lins is partly due to the late harvest and partly to the greater use of the reaper and bin 1er than wah the case last )ear Prices have been steadily declining till Is lOd is the best price obtain able Lut even at this figure shippers cannot operate unless some improvement takes place in the home marl et According to lhe Aus ti alaman estimates there ure over 110 000 tons to ship awiij a considerable portion ot which will have to be sent to J uro] e. In feedmt trains there is not much doinn and(fcw Bales ot any consL pience have been reporte 1 I nuts have also lind some attention Currants on the spot are Bcurce mid somo lurte purcels covering about 800 cases have been sold to arrive at from rjl tu DjjM Holders nr now asking more mone) In rnisms we hnvc only henri of trade sales luivint been effected at late rates A moderate inquiry is ixpenence I for lions but bilyera are not disposed to purch iso freely at present At auction on I ues Iii) about 000 bales of \ ictoiinns were offered but onlj 115 bales of lbSd a were soldat up to 21 1 he prospects of the ciop as far as is known arc likely lo be dibcourngint and a smaller yield than that ot last year is expects! Malt has been m gord request and some lair parcels have change I hands at full prices Colonial made is sellmt at up to OH In metals a fatr bust ness is doini. Good s iles ot tulvuu se 1 iron and fencine. win are umlaut at full prices lhere is a better teuer ii inquiry und some improvement is looked for shortly Oils llave not hid much attention only smill pírcela havint been quitted lit late rates lot oilmen s stores a "ood demand is ev penenced and sales nt the diflercnt de scnptions ure makm" steadily at full prices A brisk inquiry has been experienced for sugars and all available parcels ure readily disposed of ut improving prices Stocks are very símil! wini supplies on the way ure also htht No further shipments of any conse quence ure expected irom Queensland while trom Mauritius also there is very little com ingtorwarl Rest Queensland whites have advanced to £2410s while for China refined and American trauulatcd 121 has been ob tamed Mc hum whites have also improved and in some instances comparative!) luther prices hnv c been obtained for tins description tluiniorfinestwhites Lowsug irs have also lind some attention nt improvm" prices leis have not h id much attention the trade operutui"butspariiitl) Holders however are firm and prices nie well mummine 1 At the timber Bales ) esleída ii fair quantity ot deals and lloonng was ele ned oil but in many instances n consider iblo re luction in prices was ucceptcd 1 oi tobaccocs there has been a moderate liiquir) an 1 besides other sales we are advised oí iuO cases ot Cameron a haunt leen dispose I ol at u"ents prices 1 or wines a lau denian I continues but no eales ot an) conseiiience have come under oui notice In sr nits a moderite business is dome but the deman 1 is chiell) confined to sm ill parcels for ordinär) trade re pure ments li ml Pates -In discounts there is no eli inte an 1 the rates rem un as lollow - Discount on three months bills 7 percent per iinnuni boomi tint currenc) 8 i er cent | er annum Interest on over drawn nccounts ) per tent per annum lhe rates of interest were rduced on the 17th inst ni d ire now as lolliw -Deposits for i months 1 per cent for b months 4 per cent an I foi 1- months 5 pel cent 1 \chnnge is still welker and for 00 da)s si"ht bills on I ondon the rutes are as foi low -Buyint 20s pel cent discount and sellmt, nt j ir Hie latest dates received are as follow - Irom London December 17 New Aorl December 11 Calcutta December 21 Miun tius Junuiry 7 Hont kout December 22 I ooehow Dccembci -0 Manila Dcccin ber 10 Batavia December 0 According to the Customs returns the value of the imports at the portof Melbourne dunnt the month of December was£l 212 09J wtnle that of the exports was 12 0G7 388 Amontst the imports were the following items -Gold, £70,532, specie, £1,045, coal, £30.551 ; sugar, £101,068 ; tea, £10,209 ; and wool, £132,401. Included in' the exporta were-Uold, £750; specie, £150,235; wool, £1,694,441!; wheat, £100; nour, £23,356; tal- low, £20,158; hides, £2.525; and leather, £23,0S0. The exports from the port of Gee- long during the same month included-Flour, £010 ; and wool, £188,803. HANKS AND PUBLIC COMPAKIKS. A special meeting of the proprietors of the Colonial Bank of Australasia waa held on June 13 at the head office for the purpose of electing n director in the place of Mr. Joseph Clarke, who bad resigned bia aeat on the board in view of his intended departure tor Europe. Mr. John Halfey occupied the chair, and announced that the only duly quulilied proprietor who hud signified to the board of directors that he was a candidate for the vacancy was Sir W. J. Clarke, Bart, whom he had, tberctorc, much pleasure in declaring to be elected a director of the bank. The annual general meeting of members of the Australian Widows' Fund took place on January 12, at their new offices, corner of Collins and William Btreets. The chair was occupied by Mr. John Ferguson, chairman of directora. The chairman said that the re- port required little comment from him. The interest for the lust year realised nearly £21,000, and the claims were only a little over £33,000, which the actuary reported was considerably below the expectancy. The building they occupied that day, they would all admit, wus mi ornament to tho city and the members generally. The Syd- ney branch conducted a large business, and waa doing remarkably well. The South Australian and Tasmanian branches were also doing good business, but the Bris- bane brancli liad not come quite up to ex- pectations. That colony had had to contend with successive had seasons, but there waa no doubt that when the present cloud of de- pression had cleared avvuy the society would come in for a share of the proBperity. The funds of the society had now reached nearly £400,000, which was ntl extraordinary pro- gress tor a society only 15 years old. He moved the adoption of the report and balance sheet Mr. William M'Lean (Messrs. M'Lean Bros, and Rigg) seconded the motion, and said the progress of the aociety had been truly marvellous. The motion for the adop- tion of the report waa carried with acclama- tion. Tile retiring directors, Mr. John Fer- guson and Mr. Thompson Moore, were de- clared duly elected, there being no other candidates. PllIOKS O-MIENT. ALK (bulk) £ B. d. £ s. J Bass's.'.'? .. 7 10 0 .. - ' Carlisle Company .. .. 7 10 0 .. - M'Ewan's .. V .. .. 7 o o .. 7 li 0 Altkou'fl . 7 0 0.. - Cooper and M'Looil ..DOO.. - Win. Youugor and Co. "000.. - ALK (bottled) Foster and Son's Buglo Brand . 011 0 .. - Porter's Bulldog brand .. 0 10 0 .. - Head liroa.'s Uojr Head .. 0 IO 0 .. - Stone and Sons .. .. 0 10 u .. - Altltcn's . 0 I) 0 .. 010 0 Bass, bottled by Burko .. 0 10 a .. - M'Eivan's . 0 10 0 .. - Anglo-Bavarian .. .. 0 10 0 .. - Bass's Wheel Brand.. .. 0 10 O .. - Altclicsoii's .. _ '.. 0 0 0 .. 010 0 Blood's . 0 0 6 _. - Hall's Boar's Head .. .. 0 B (I .. - Win. Younger and Co. ..000.. - T. P. Grlllln. 0 0 0.. - Cooticr and M'Lood'a .. 0 8 G ,. - St Louis Lager Beer .. 0 11 0 .. - Kaiscrdo. 0 B 0 .. - Tennent. Alo, quarts 10s.; pints (Is. Od. STOUT (Bulk) Guinness'* .. ., .. 7 10 0 .. ? - Win. Vouuger and Co. .. 7 0 0 .. . - STOUT (Bottled) Edinond'a Pig brand .. 0 10 3 " 0 10 0 Porter's Bulldog .. .. 0 10 0 .. - Gulnncss's.bottlcdby Burko 0 10 u " - Head Uros.'Bulldog .. 0 10 3 .. - Guhinpss's, bottled by 21. B. Foster. 0 10 0 .. - Hall's Boar's Head (stone) 0 9 0 .. 0 10 0 Giilnncss's, bottled byStono midsons. 0 10 0 _. - Blood Woolf* .. .. 0 0 (I .. 0 0 . Gulnness's, bottlod by Woolie, Blood, and Co... 0 10 0 .. - Gulniioss's Wheol brand .. 0 10 3 .. - O'Brien's Dagger brand .. 0 0 0 .. 0 10 0 Uuiniiess's, bottled by E. Jotmson and Co. 0 10 3 .. - Tennent» . 0 8 0.. - DAGS. BAOOIXO (In bond) Bran bags. 0 3 7. .. 0 3 9 Gunny do. (Irco) .. .. 0 4 3 .. 0 4 4 Corusacks. 0 0 1. .. 0 G 3 Madagascar poolcots .. 0 3 0 ._, 0 2 0 Woolpacks, 1111b. (In bond) O 111 .. o 2 0 Do. lojlb. 0 1 8 .. 0 1 9 CANDLKS KovaStcarlno .. .,0 0 01 .. - Schiedam . 0 0 C. .. - Do Houbalx, Odenkoven, and Co,. 0 0 0. .. - Brauuon . 0 0 U_ .. - Orient Parailno ,. ..008.. - Gouda's ..' .. ..0 0 0J .. - Apollo (colonial) .. .. 0 O OS " - Do., Comet do. 0 0 111 .. - Kitchen's 1'etrolines, do. .. 0 0 (Is .. - Do. Star brand, do. 0 0 IA. - Do. Carriage. 0 0 91.. - Do. Bedroom. 0 0 0Í .. - Do. Lamp .. .. -008}.. - CBMENT Gosliutr'a .. .. _. 012 0 .. - Knight, Bovan'o .. .. 012 o .. - White's . 0 12 0 .. - Llüllthouso. 0 11 G .. - WlliriNd. 3 ö 0 .. - PIJVSTKK American ...__".. .. 0 13 0 .. 0 14 G ClIUMIOACS Caustic soda, repercent... 13 0 0 ..13 10 0 Carbonato soda .. .. 10 10 0 .. - Saltpetre .19 0.. - Silicato soda.10 0 0 Tartaria acid.0 1 11} . Cream of tartar .. .. 0 1 3} . I-lowers of sulphur .. ..14 0 0 , Prepared opium .. ..120, CHICORY In tins.0 0 5, In other packages .. .. 0 0 4L COFKKK (In band) Ccvion Plantation No. 1 .. 0 0 10] Java.0 0 lu Other kinds, up to .. .. 0 0 I)} CONKKCTIOSKKV Victoria assorted .. .. 0 0 Ot , Candied peel.0 0 7$. Jujubes, up to .. ..010, ConuAnB Best Manilla hemp, Vio* torlan-mado, up to .. 58, 0 0 , Do. do,, lin. to Jill.06 0 0 , Do. do. flat ropos.according tosi-o .. .. .. 73 0 O , Kew Zealand flax ropes ..200, Do. do., cordage sizes ..270. Hay lashings.. .. .. 1 12 0 . Seaming twine .. ..010, Shop twlna .. _ .. 0 0 10 . FISH Haddocks.0 0 0, Herrings, Kippered, lib. tins .. .. _ .. 010 0 . Do., Red, In barrels ..170. bo. do.. In kits .. .. o 14 o . Do., lib.fresh .. .. 0 0 fl . Line (new).o O 4} .. 0 0 4} Cod (American) .. ..0 0 2. .. - Lobsters, lib. tins .. .. 0 0 0 .. 0 0 0 Oyster«, Iib. tins .. ..003.. - Salmon, llb.tlns (American) 0 li 0 .. 0 0 3 Do. salt .0 0 2. .. 0 0 3 Sardines (halves) .. .. 0 7 0.. 080 Do. (quarters) .. ..04C..04G FLOIIII ASH QUAIN* Flour, Victorian .. .. 9 0 0 .. 0 12 n Bran. - ..0 0 lo} Pollard .0 0 10 .. 0 0 10} Oatmeal, Victorian.. .. 17 0 0 .. - Pearl barloy.17 0 0 .'.l8 0 0 Wheat.0 3 10 .. - Oats- _, New Zealand, In bond ..020.. - Milling, Victorian, (reo.. 0 3 0.. - Victorian feed .. .. 0 2 0 .. 0 210 Cap. soits.0 2 4 .. 0 2 7 Barloj Malting.0 3 0 .. 0 4 0 Capp, beding .. .. 0 2 10 .. - Mali-o 00-day Victorian .. .. 0 II 0 .. 0 4 3 Fo».0 3 3 .. 0 3 4 FRUITS Currants .0 0 5}... 0 0 0 Figg, olcnio, in lib. boxes .. 0 4 G .. 0 G 0 Dates (new), boxes .. .. 0 0 4 .. 0 0 ii Jordan almonds .. .. 0 19.. 01 10 Raisins Muscitela, layers, primo .. 0 1 0 .. 0 1 2 Kioma.0 0 6} .. 0 0 fij French prunes (bottles) .. 0 1 0 .. 0 1 1. Sultana .0 0 r.J .. - Dried apples.0 0 4 .. 0 0 4J Gusi-ownBR Curtis mid Harvey's ..000}.. - Hall's Blasting .. .. 0 - - - - - Kalmcs's do.0 Sharp's do.0 Hore Kont(.8S-), duty paid .. 0 1 0 .. 0 1 8 Tasmanian (ISSU), In nond.. 0 0 0.. - Victorian (lSSG) .. .. 0 0 3.. 000 Do. (lbSO) .. .. 0 0 7 .. 0 0 10 Bavarian (1885) .. .. 0 1 0 .. 0 1 8 MALT English (now) .. .. 0 0 a .. 0 11 i Victorian _.0 6- 9 .. 0 0 | MKTALS Galvanised iron, best _ blands .10 li 0 .. 17 0 0 Pig iron .8 12 0 .. 4 0 0 Bar and rod Iron .. .. 8 0 0 .. 8 10 0 Sheet iron, »os. 8 to IS .. 9 0 0 ..1110 0 Hoopiron.0 10 0 .. 10 0 0 Fenchí, wiro, according to brand and number .. 8 10 0 .. 9 IS 0 Pig load .10 0 0 .. 10 10 0 Lead shot.28 0 0 .. 30 0 0 Sheet lead.20 0 0 .. - Whitelead.2. 10 0 .. - Munt, metal.0 0 0. .. - Ewebanks'nails .. .. 10 to 20 p. c. off list French do.0 16 G .. 0 10 0 American do.0 l8 0 .. 0 19 0 Collins and Sharp's heavy Si:: - _._._,_ .. 110 0 .. - Hollowuro.SO to 37. p. o. off list Zluo.21 0 0 .. 22 10 0 Tinplntos, IX coko .. .. 0 ?2 G .. 0 24 0 Do., ICcoko.0 17 0 .. 0 18 0 Do., IO charcoal .. .. 0 22 0 .. 0 24 0 OILS Linseed, boiled In bulk (D.I.) .0 3 0.. - Do., lu drums .. ..033.. - Olivo, in bulk (D.P.) ..040.. - Do., In drums .. ..049.. - Col/a, In drums (duty paid) 0 4 0.. - Do. (in bulk).0 3 6 .. 0 3 0 Turi-oiitino do., do.. .. 0 2 10 .. - Chinese, In tins (lu bond).. 0 2 B .. - Castor, lu cases (ia bond).. 0 2 6 .. 0 2 0 Polin (free).27 0 0 .. 23 0 0 Cod (free).0 3 S .. 0 3 7 Cocoanut .27 0 0 .. 27 10 0 Whalo.82 10 0 .. - Kinos.»- (In bond) Aurora .0 0 >0 .. - Comet...0 0 10 _. Crystal, lOOdeg. Anchor, lOOdeir. test ..014 ..014) OlIiMRN'S STORKS- * Black currant jellies .. 0 14 0 .. - Itsd Cross lib. Jams ..040.. - Cairna'a marmalade.. .. 0 8 O M - Keillor's . 0 7 3.. - Salad oil, 0. and B. quarts 10 0.. - Do., do. pints .. _ 0 14 0 .. - Do., do. half-pints .. ..070.. - Do., Morton's pints .. .. 0 10 0 .. - Do., eto. halt do. 0 Ii 0 " - Castor oil, pints .. .. 0 7 B .. - Do., half rio. 0 4 0.. - Saúcos, according: to brands 0 5 0 .. 0 10 fl Holbrooks VVoroostor sauce 0 7 0 ..070 Ho. pint pickles .. .. 0 O 0 .. 0 0 3 Swiss milk. 0 G 0 .. - Scandinavian do., Paris gold medal brand.. ..ODD.. - Capers. 0 7 0 .. 0 7 0 j Urynnt and May's vestas .. 0 4 3 .. 0 4 41 V Palmer's do. DU),, - It Hell's do. 0 Bell ami Black's (lo. .. 0 Colimaii's mustard, 71b.tins 0 It" = Do. IJSF, iib. tins .. .. 0 0 H " - Do. do., lib. tins .. .. 0 l8 3 .. - Keen's DSF, lib. tins .. 0 l8 3 .. - Do. do., Jib. tins .. ..003.. - Do. do., lib. tins .. .. 0 6 4 .. - Do. Durham, 71b. tins .. 0 0 BJ .. - Victorian prepared mustard, lnboxcs.0 10 0,{.. - per lb. Do. da, 41b. tins .. "012.. - Do. do., 71b. tins .. .. 0 1 S .. - Victorian cocoa, according quality .0 0 9 .. 0 1 » Taylor's cocoa .. ..013.. - Fr)'eoocoa.0 13.. - Fry's doubla solublo choco. lato.0 12.. - Victorian chocolate .. 0 1 1 .. 0 1 S Robinson's patent groats .. 0 0 9..' - Column's white and blue starch .OOS.. - Orlando Jones's do. .. 0 0 6 .. - Hermann's rico staroh .. 0 0 4 J .. - Harvey and Nevillo's do. " 0 0 4J .. 0 0 6 Le .M3 and Wtiltty'a whits and blue do. .'. ..0 0 4}.. - Do. square bluo .. .. 0 0 u .. - Column's thumb bluo .. 0 Oil).. - Keen's Oxford bluo.. ..009.. - Sano and tapioca .. .. 0 0 1] .. 0 0 2} macaroni and vermicelli ..008.. - Clack pepper.. .. .. 0 0 S .. - VVhltodo. .. .1 .. 0 1 OJ .. 0 1 1 Oclatlno .0 4 .1 .. 0 12 0 Vinegar, bottled .. .. 0 0 0 " 0 7 0 Hotbrook's pure matt vine (tor.0 7 0.. - Do. bulk .0 1 ». 0 111 SOAP Kitchen's"Anchor,"p.ton 20 0 0.. - Do. best palo.. .. .. 22 0 0 .. - Do. "Globe" .. .. 14 0 0 .. - Do. "Household" .. .. 13 0 0 .. - QulCKSIIAT.il III bottles.0 2 4 .. 0 2 0 KICK Now Patna (In bond) .. 12 0 0 ..12 10 0 Japan dressed (duty «aid)., l8 10 0 .. 19 0 0 Patna, old (duty paid) .. 20 0 0 .. - SAW Liverpoolcoarso .. .. 3 ß 0 ., 3 7 0 Do., lino ' " " ' " " 0 9J . o ni , London stoved .. .. 4 7 (1 .. 4 10 0 Jar .0 0 0.. - Kock (duty free) .. .. 2 10 0 .. 2 15 0 Suain (duty paid) Crushed loaf, Dutoli .. 24 10 0 .. 26 0 0 White, lino to finest .. 24 0 0 .. 24 10 0 Do., medium.22 10 0 .. 23 0 0 China whites, Uno to finest 23 10 0 .. 24 0 0 American granulated .. 24 0 0 .. - Brewing crystals. Uno to finest .20 0 0 .. 27 0 0 Yellows, fine to finest ..17 10 0 "21 0 0 Broun.14 0 0 .. lu 0 0 Battons .13 0 0 .. 14 0 0 Victorian Sugar Company's (duty paid) No. 1 " .. .. _ 24 10 0 « - . No. 2.22 0 0 .. - No. 3 .. .. _ .. 1810 0 .. - TBAS (in bond) foochow : Low common leafy .. 0 0 0} .. 0 0 0} Common to ordinär}' " 0 0 7 .. 0 0 8 Ordinary to medium Medium to fino .. Fino to finest Choleo .0 12 Kaisow, buds, com. .. 0 0 7 .. u u s Define.0 0 II .. 0 0 11 a O. Pekoo, oom. .. 0 0 9 .. 0 0 lo Do., fine.o o io .. 0 1 3 Do., Canton make _ 0 0 7 .. 0 0 SJ Indian : Broken leaf .. " 0 0 9 " 0 0 10 Pekoo Souohong .. _ 0 0 10J .. 0 0 11} Pekoo .0 0 11 .. 0 1 1 Orango pekoe .. .012.010 Tmnp.li American Lumber Clear pine, according to size and quality .. .. 14 10 0 .. 10 10 0 W.P.T. and G. ceiling .. 9 17 0 .. - Shelving .10A0 0 .. - baltic and Scotch Flooring Red, Ox li, T. ando. .. 0 8 0 .. 0 8 0 Do., Ox J. do.0 (I li .. - Do., 0 x J, do. .. "003.. - Do.,Ox 8, do beaded "040.. - Do., Ox J, do., do. " " 0 4 2 " 0 4 4 Weatherboards .. "000.. - White, Ox li,T.and O. "080.. - Do., Ox J, do. " "003.. - Do., 0x3, do.0 0 3.. - DO., Ox J, do.0 4 II " - Da, Ox J, do., do.0 4 ,1 .. 0 4 1 D0..ÜXS, do., do.0 3 3 " - Weatherboards .. .. 0 4 0 .. 0 4 10 Baltio lied Deals 9x4,0x8.3d, 9-10 "000 11x3.4d. 3-10 .. O O 4Î 8x8,7x3,7x2*.. "2d. 10.10 ..0 0 3} Oregon Timber .. "000.. 010 0 Spruce deals and battcnB " 0 0 22 " - Blaokwood logB, according to size and quality " 0 10 0 " 0 10 0 Kauri logs " .. .. 0 10 0 .. Oil 9 Sawn hardwood " .. 0 7 fl " 0 8 9 TOBACCOKS Colonlal.made : Common to best " .. 0 1 4._ 0,3 2 llheingoldo!irara(D.B.).. 7 0 0 " 7 10 0 Imported : Common quality fiatwork 0 1 OJ .. 0 1 2 Twists : Haven .0 14.. - St. Andrews .. "01 3}.. - Black Hawk .. .. 0 1 3J " 0 1 4 Aroinaucs : Victory.0 1 10 " 0 2 0 Mabel .0 1 11 .. 0 2 1 Golden Eagle " " 0 1-11 "021 Dark Navies ; Tuo Seal.0 14.. - Tonnont's.0 1 2 " - Queen of tho Seas "014.. - Black Hawk .. " 0 1 2 " 0 1 4 Cigars: »tanita cheroots " " 2 0 0 .. 2 10 0 Nuevo Havana» " " 2 6 0 " 2 10 0 Genuino llavanas " 13 0 0 " SO 0 0 Ormond's (Swiss).. .. 113 0 " 1 1U 0 lavorney, do.1- 0 0 " 1 11 0 German oiga« " " 1 10 0 " 3 0 0 WISES (Bulk) I'ort Very superior " " 90 0 0 "100 0 0 Good old.40 0 0 " 00 0 0 Good .30 0 0 ... 40 0 0 Hunt's .25 10 0 " 01 0 0 Snanhfli Bed .. .. li II II " 20 0 0 Miguel do Souza Gucdcs, 1 to 0 Diamond.. " 28 0 0 " 02 0 0 Hutcllcsoil'a .. " 27 0 0 " 60 0 0 Sherry Superior.SO 0 0 "110 0 0 Medium and eood "32 0 0 "40 0 0 Common.l8 0 0 .. 20 0 0 Dull, Gordon, and Co... 34 0 0 _140 0 0 SPIRITS Brandy, bulk Hennessy'!, 1878 " "0 170.. Kartell's, pale. 1878.. " 0 10 0 " 0 16 « Otnrd's, 1876.0 10 0 " - Do., 1878 .0 11 0 .. - Uarriasson's.0 8 II .. 0 12 S Marott's .0 9 0.. - Dents Mounle'» _ " 0 fl 0 " - WinoDlstlllors'Co... " 0 7 0 .. 0 S 0 Champagno Vineyards' "070.. - Jules Robin's, 1878.. "080.. - Do., dark .0 8 0.. - Do., 1808 vintage |" " 0 13 » " - Trlcochd .0 7 0.. - BisqultDuboucruS-otCIo's.. 0 7 0.. - v La Grand Marimo .. "070.. - Pinet Costillon .. "000.. - Boisson Freres' " .. 0 0 0 " - Moukow's .0 7 0.. - O. and T. Bacot'a .. "080.. - Vinegrowere'.0 8 0.. - Lucien Bcllot's " "000 "078 Associated Vineyards' "070.. - Associated Vineyards', old 0 8 0 " - Albort's .0 7 0 ." - LaVccuuos.0 0 0 .. - I'runter's .0 0 0.. - Richard and Mullcr's "069..* - Gaspard'g " " "003.. - Clouzoau .0 7 0... - Brandy, caso- ¡ Hennessy'» case " " 1 15 0 " - Do., three star " "270.. - Martell's, one star " " 114 0 " - Do., threostar " "200.. - Otard's .1110.. - Denis Mounlo's " " 1 11 0 " - Moukow's.18 0.. - Maiett's .1 10 0 " - Lucien Bellot's " " 017 0 " - Luoicn Foucauld " "10 0.. - Do., threo star " "200.. - Richard ami Muller1« .. 0 10 0 " - La Grande Marque " .. 16 0.. - Other brands.. _ .. " 012 0 .. 1 4 0 Bum Lomon Hart.0 8 0.. - B.W.I'. .0 3 1} .. - Demorara Old .. "030.. - Lamb's.' 0 2 91 .. - Queensland.0 2 3 " - "USB-..013 i) " 014 3 Blankenlieim and Nolcn's ... " Koy.0 13 0 " 0 10- 6 Vnndonberg Bell " .. 0 12 9 .. 0 13 0 Meeus's Key Brand.. " 0 13 0 " - Whiskies Thorn and Cameron's (new) 0 S TJ .. - Do. (old) .0 4 0.. - John Ross's.0 3 7J .. - Ilallachulish.0 7 0.. - Glenvarloch.0 4 0.. - Duntllle's.0 4 0.. - Wm. Jamieson'« .. ..060.. - Klrker, Greer, and Co.'s Loch Dnu case " .. 0 10 0 .. - Do., Imp. quarts " ..lou.. - Shamrock.0 4 II .. - Vlnt's.0 4 0.. - Do. cues .0 17 0 " - Do., Imp. quarts .. "10 0.. - Young, King, and Co.'s , bulk.0 4 3.. - Do., Brian Bom, case .. 0 17 0 " - Encore, bulk.0 0 0.. - Do, caso .0 l8 0 .. - Standard, lu bulk " "070.. - Do., Incase.0 l8 U .. - Planet brand, old vnttod "090.. - Ford's Castle Blond, new .. 0 7 U .. - Do. do., old.0 9 0 .. - Walker's bulk .. .. 0 8 0.. 0 8 . Do. case " .. ., 018 0 .. - Usher's Old Olonllvet "070.. - Do., Special Iteseno " 0 10 0 " - Innes and Grloves's.. "070., - Do. Old Uum Var .. .. 0 12 0 " - Dunvlllo's case .. "0 18.0.. - Royal Ulead.0 19 0 " - Lorne.£ l8 0 .. - St. Mungo, bulk .. " 0 8 0 .. - Do.,«.? .0 10 0 .. - Thistle Blond.. Mitchell's .. Bull .. Cork Distillery Sir Hobart Burnett's Old Tom O 11 8 Wol'e'8 Schnapps .. "110 £ a. d. 0 10 0 12 0 l18 8 STOCK AND SHARE LIST. JAS. 25. î'\i 270100 812000 «.d31 100000 176000 200000 1670OO 162000 729000 600000 600-00 1310-50 Viet. Gov. G per cents., duo 1833 Viet. Gov. 5 por cents., duo 1804 Viet. Gov. 4pcr con»,stock.. Melbourno Corporation 0 per cent. Melbourno Corporation 6 per cent. Metropolitan Gas 5 per cent. .. M. and U.B.U. Railway .percent. M. and H.B U. Railway 6 per cent. No» South Walcs6pcrcout,duo 100S New Zealand 4 per cent. .. (.uccubland 4 per cent. c_uectialand six nor cent .. n PUBLIC COUPÂMES. 135U9! 136095 60-00 260O0 40(1250 .001)00 800000 1000000 600000 176000 1000000 1600-00 1(100000 1000000 72.000 45O0OU 400000 1.7000 50000 M 000 1.S91 2-b0 30214 007210 60000 18250 60000 400OO 4..-G! 15213 200000 40000 260000 02500 HANKS Australian Dopt 1 isMtgc. Hank..) liol. Bank, Limit. .. Do., now issue .. Colonial of Austral Commercial of Aus- tralia (Limited) .. National of Austral, 20 Now South Wales" J Victoria (Mcl.rog.) \ Do. (London reu.) Land Mortgage New Z__la..id Union Australasia .. London Chartered of Australia English, Scottish, & Aus Chartered.. City of Melbourne. 2Í¡Ftderal of Australia 2_tl'rcchoid Invest- ment ¿-B'nk'ngCo. 1 GAB COUl'AME 10 Ballarat 6 Bendigo Casücnialne.. DajJcsford(Llmlted) Geelong Metropolitan H»H-UAI»_B. Atistrallan Alllanco National Flro Insur, buutuurn Insurance Victoria Life A, Gen. victoria Insurance (Limited).. MI-CELLANFO.S. Gipps Lud. Steam N. lLGoldBbrough&Co.; Trustees, Executors, and Agency Co-opcrottvo leo Co. Aust. Mortgago and Agency .. Castlom'no Brewery Molbourno Brcwnig and Malting Mol bournu Tramvv ay and Omnibus Mutual Storo Terry's West-end Brow cry .. Equitable Co opera- tiv o Socioty IIAILWAVS, Deniliquin Ja Moama 25.S. 31.8. * Including bonus REVIEW OF TIID STOCK AND SHARE MARKET Tho market for cold mining enarca 1ms been mostly very dull during rho past fortnight, and except In the case of a very few companies, t ran sautions have been few, and prices havo tended downwards Among those which havo had good business. Unity (Ingle wood), havo boon most lu favour, shares being readily placed at rising prices, and closing finn at nearly double previous value Much Improved mino pros {teeta reported Golden fat ream, Avoca, have also lad good support at higher prices, as also Midas Company, Creswick, and Day Dawn ho 4A, Char* tera lout». ..educed prices havo ruled for Band and Albion Consols ana Star of the Last, lia!larat, Longlunuol, Walhalla, JNevv Beehive, Maldon, and Kong Meng, Majorca Sandhurst companies stilt very little dealt in, though tliuy have had mora men tion of late and for many of them, as nell as thoso of other district«, quotations quito noiplnal Tho market for silver mining1 companies has been act l.o, and numerous transactions effected lho Premier Companj, Broke» hill Proprietary, lias boon In good request throughout, but holders too firm to permit of any Jarj,o business Prices havo advanced, and thej close £0 over previous fortnights closing rate, w th dividend ol ¿,1 por shnro jm.dlti the ...arm. ärneUm., was stopped for tittie da>s, ponding completion oí new engine and add! tlonal furnaces, and since resumption of operations «1th four furnaces they report a jicld of 11 SOToz. of Bilvcr from 8r>5 tons oro, show big a highly Batisfactory avorano A Bpcchl meeting of the company has boen called to consider and decido as to formh.tr a new companj to work No 14 block, the one adjoining lïasp s shaft to the north lhe mostnumorous trans actions lu silvur companies havo been in Broken hill Junction, verj many thousands of which havo chaue,cd hands almost dailj prices lluotuatlng a good dca) but closing under opening \aluu Broken hill Central have also been largely dealt In and after Borne cl.arii.e_i, closo about opening prices Broken hill -North have hid steady supjiort nt full previous rate Uro! cn lull ¡south little dealt in, and priées rather lower Da) Dream havo had modem to buabiots at a little under previous prica 1 innaolo Irlhute havo ad \auoed Hound hill quitted at falling prices during tho flrat week, had ¡,ood support aftor«ords, but closo dull Hu companies enures vcrj little dealt in and quotations nominal lhere has been a Arm market for Investment stocks, w 1th a t,encrai upward tendauaj of prices due to the rciuetiou of tho bank rates of interest on deposits, and to tho expectation of an easier money market, bo mo disappointment was experienced at tho price obtained ior the Go \ornmentloan in London, but tho cuneral opinion is that uudor the circumstances of the Luropcan Lx chango at tho timo, tho result wai as good as could bo reasonably expected itnnk shares havo hoon in increased request, and advanced rites have been realised for City of Melbourno, Colonial, Commercial, Kdcral, and National Vory little business has het-ii done in gas or insurauco companies shares, nnd quotations aro without Important altura tiona, Brew or j co ñipamos skates lit» ve boen in good favour, and Improved rates havo ruled far Castle maine and West end (Melbourne), and moro especially for Pork Ins (Queouslan I) Irustees oouipanics Arm, and higher prjees puld for ltustccH, I xooutors, and Ageiiüj, which ropoit au ovccllout half years biibl ness Melbourno Inuiway and Omnibus shares have been largely dealt In at slightly tluctuiting prices, closing about opeumtr valuo it Goldsbrouuli and Lo, Dalgety and Co und Mutual ¡atoro have realised improved nr'ces , otlar companies without important enantes lu market value lhe following are tho closing uujing and selling quotations and prices of bales effected during tho fortnight - Dobunturcs - Victorian Government fivo por cents, due 1891 buj er £105 lus , bellur £107 , do , four per cents (stookj tales £100 Banks -Australian 1 reehuW Hanking Corroratlon (£2 10s. Bhare) buj er 60:., bt-ller 53a Ballarat, bil) cr £8. City of Meltourne, sales SrS (k1 to Bäs Colonlul, tales ¿10 10s. to £10 12-) Od Lorn morola! sales £7 10S to £8 is Kderul sales MA. to 57s Od Land ( redit bales JO* Od to ¡¡On Land Mortgage, sales 20s Od Mcrcantilu, eales 40s. to ¿Su Ja national, Melbourno n filter, salos £8 17s (Jd to £9-s National, Adelaide register, bujer £S 10s, sales X3 13s Od Nation ii, Queensland seller £9 Us Od New South Wale« bales £J3 Iloval Bank of Queensland, bujor 71s Od , seller 7¿s, Bal.s 7U Od to7is Union, buj er ¿GO 10s \ictoria, bu\ or £35, seller JLJ5 128 01 Gas - llrh,htoii, seller -/s Pootbcrij, sales 40s Od Metropolitan mikaii lrs tai.12 10-; Insurance-Australian \lliauee buj er OUte Cola nial Mutual lire bujer Is aid suller 3s. l)d .National 1'iro, sales lie Od Southern, bujer 24s , seller 25s Od United Australian, bilcc 1« &d; Breweries, &o-Browing; and Uultlmr (Melbourne), bujoKTOs, sales 70a Od Ciscado (Hobart) sales 14s. Cabtluoialno (Melbourne) sulcs Jls, to Jin Od Cattle malno(^jdnej), bu)cr_.0s. sellar -7s. Gd Perkinss (Queensland) eales 8JS ou tu 37s , do (now), bil} or 22s Od .sales 2¿» Od to 2 li laukard Malting, Boiler 10s Westend (llelbourno), buj or JOS, tieller BO» Od , silos 30s. Od Trustees and 1 xeentors* Companies.-Perpetual Txecutorsand Trustees bujer -¿s. Gd , seller «¡us Trustees, Executors and Agency, bujer 00s , seller 62s, sales Ole. Union Tiustees, Lu. er lßs , seller IBs Miscellaneous -Australian Property and Invest meut, soIlcKUOs Baj 1 xcurslons, bu\ cr 21s, scllor 25s Coffee laverns, bujer ¿3* Colonial InveBt mont and Agency (Li ¡mid) talcs -Os 4d to 21s., do (neu, 10s piid), sales 10s 3d Deniliquin and Moama Uailwaj seller 80« Dalgety and Co , hu. cr ¿5 7s, sales £5 Os Douglas ami Sons seller 42s freehold Investment and Banking, sales BSs do (i_2r) seller £-0 10s, Federal Cólico Palace, sales 6s Od to 6s 3d Groud Coffee I'alaoe, hujcr 8J» , seller Sas Molbourno Storage, bujer 2itj, M-.rcat.tllo tlnauco and Gua raritco Com pan j »ale1. 3.ÍS. to _14s Modern lerumnont Building boclctv, bu j cr ¿0 2s Od. Mont de Plötd, buj cr 7s 01 Mutual More, sales £2s. to Öls. -Newcastle Coal Boiler LI7 10* New Wthcoto Briek eoller Si Od, New Zealand Loan and Mercantile, seller 80s Northcote Brick, Bales 10s. Od Ptrmuwin, Wright, nnd Co, soliur Ills Premier Building bales .to Is to £5 2s Od It Gol(JsbroUi,h and Co, eile. 21s Od to 2¿s. Squatting Investment buyer 10s, seller 14s Tram wa) and Umnlbu* Compaq, sales 30s to ÖÖi Od to «5s Gd Union Mortgaj.0 hm er 27s, seller 20s \ietoria CofTco lalao lu¿er ¿lis Ma lorian Permanent Building faoeiety, buyer £7 W oatport Coal, buj er 17s, bcller 20a W m M'Cuiluch and Co , buller 3s Silver and Tin Mines -llroken hills Bales £05 to £flö 10s to £92 to £102, Broken lull bouth (paid) sales 14s. Od to l)s to 129 3 1 Broken hill (cautrlb itin_,) seller 7s 3d Broken hill CVnCr.il, eales Us Od to 11s to OH Od Broken hill Central (contri! uting), Bales Gs 3d to 7a to Os (k1 Broken hill Junction, 6 ni C3 8s fid to (la di to 8s Dov Dream, sales 7s Od to 7ft 3 1 North Broken hills, salo 7s to 7s Od linnaeles Tribute sales 4s. Od to DS 10}d to bo. 3d Bound hills, sales 71s. to 02s to 07s Gold Mines- Bnllnrat, Castle ni al ne, Stawell, &c; Baud und Albion Consuls, sales his Cd to 70s to 77s Lero No 1, Bales 44s, Chalks, toller 48a Chalk s No 1, Bale» 20s to 21s Chalk 8 INO 8, buj tr 4s., seller Cs Chalks 1-si a tu sales 9s Da> Dawn No 4A salis lüs Cd to 17s od Duko, Timor In.)er Ills Od , sellur lis (Id. tgorton buvcr <*3e noller ¿ia, d28, to ¿7B to Ma Golden Stream, sales {is to 79 (k1 Hepburn Lstnto sales 01s to f>c>s Kong Mong, salus 80s to HO. Long luniiol,sales£55 to£6. Long iuunel txteuded, sales £8 10s. to £S 2s Od Lord IIi.rrj sales 50s l-Iadamo Berry, eales £12 17s. 0d to £12 Us Od Midas, kalos 70s to *>0s Mtdas Consola buj er Si seller bs Od Napier, sales 02s Now Bouhhe, buvor ir>3-, seller ¿as. Now Koli I noor, saíos bs Od to 7i Od New Longfollow, Beller 84 Od sales 7s Dd to Oi. 0d to 8s. Korttj Long Tunnel, buj er bs (k1 I'rinoo of \\\aIoB Taradale, salos Js Queens Birth da), Mahusburj pales 14s to 14s Cd South Clunes, sales 10« Od to ¿Is 0d South Star, Bains 4s. 3d Star of the h ast, sales 40s to 40s Tar ranuowcr.bujorös Od Toombon, sollorOS*. Unity, Inglewood catos 7s Od to 14s. to 12a. 9d victory, Charters Towers, soles 12s. 8d to U(_ 0d \ea, sales 6s to 7s 0d Sandhurst Catherina Beef United Bales Ds to 8s Gd frederick tho Croat, buj or ¿Lu Great Extondcd Hercules, sales 2s. lOJd to Is Id. Great Extended Victoria, buyer Os Golden P)ke, sales 10s Cd to 11s. Od, and ox div. at 10s. (Id. to 11s. 3d carama, buyer 17s. Londonderry, buyer £12, seller £13. Maoboth, sales 2s 7d to 2s hew Victoria Catherine, buyer 0s., seller 11s Pearl, sales 20s to 25s. Sadowo, sales 8s ed to 8s lOJd United Devon- shire, buyer Ila , seller 11s. Od , sales 10s IJd LIVE STOCK REPORT. There have passed through tho market )&rdB; at Flemington during (ho last fortnight about 8,150 fat cattle, 450 fat calves 00,000 fat sheop, and 12,800 fat lambs. Tat Cattle -Only a small proportion of tho supply, which included about 500 head from Queens« land, were* primo, the bulk of thoso)arded bolng of middling and Inferior qualit) Thcro wai » good demand and prices improved about 80s, per head during the fortnight. Primo pens of bullocks sold at from £12 to £15 according to weight, good do from £9 10J to £11, middling to fair, £7 10s to £8 10s , inferior from £5 10s Primo pens of oows, from £S to £9 17s Od , good do , from £0 to £7 , middling and Interior, from £4 10s Fat Calves. The supply proved bo) ond requirements, the demand was dull and prices ruled somewhat easier through- out. Best realised from 00s. to bus good, from Sis. to 45i, mlddllnir and inferior, from 15s. to SOs Fat Sheep-The market was heavily supplied Tnoro was a fair proportion of good to primo sheep last wcok, hut the bulk of thoso )arded »ero of middling and into ior quality, sovural lots bolng In storo condition, which passed into tho hands of glaziers Tho demand for indluorent qualities was dull throughout at roduoed rates, and prices for host descriptions rulod Cd per hoad lower Prime crossbred wethers realised from 11s to 12s Od, extra Hs., i,ood do, from 9s. Od to 10s Od , middling and inferior, from 7«., primo merino wethers, from Us. Od to 11s , good do , from 7s. Od to 8s Od , middling and inferior do , from 6s lot Lambs -On tho 11th liiBt. tho demand was dull, and prloos ruled easier throughout, middling sorte being difficult to quit at low figures Last week best descriptions wore tinner, but no alteration In prloos of other qualities can bo quote ! Prune sold at irom 8s Od to 10s , good, from Os (x1 to 7s Od., middling and iuforior, from 3s to 5s. Od SHIPPING FOR THE JTORTNIGHT. ¿.ORT OF MELBOURNE. I ARRIVAIS A¡.D CLEARANCKS SIVCB OUR LAST SCMMAHT. I [A , Atnorioan , Au , Austrian B , British , B A. 1 British Amorioan , Bclg , Belgian , Bo , Bolivian , Br, Brazilian, Cb Chilian, D, Dutch, Da., Danish , F , French , O , German , 1, Italian , N , Norwegian, P, portuguese, Pr, Peruvian, R., Russian , S , Swedish , bp , Spanish , ah , ship, bq , barque , bg, brig, BCh , schooner , s.S., steamer 1 ran ARRIVEU 15\. Bengal, R.M S S 4,497, W B Andrew!, London, 4Vo.-Georgo \\\ Itliors 16\. Taupo, Bu, 7(10.1 Fielding, FIJI -D Mills. 16\. Cambrian Prince, » sh , 1,319, D Davies, Lon- don -Li A. Madden and Co 16 Thornhill, B bqntno, 276 H L. Tozer, Port Louis, Mauritius -Charles Jacobs and Sons 15 Truo niuo, B bq , 447, G W Davison, Port Louis, Mauritius -Fanning and Co 16 laiorlt,N sh , 934 K Potorson, Geflo -Mastor. 10 stanmore B bq" 1,824, I. C Brokenshar, Liver* pool - Oibbs, Bright, and Co 19 salier, G s s., 8 098, O. Thalonhorst, Bremen, &o.; -Ostcrmc)or, Dewez and Co 19 Cambrian Princess B »li, 1,350, A Evans, Lon- don -D A Maddon and Co 10\. Janies A. Wright, A bq, 880, L. R. Baker, Pockalongon, via Batavia.-Victoria Sugar Com- pany 19 Ringleador, A. sh , 1,146, C Entwistlo, Now York. j -Lorimer, Rome, and Co. 19 Chllo, S bq, 082, A O. Sagstrom, Gefle - 1 Master 1 20 Port Darwin, B. » a, 2,017, J Sturrook, London. -Jas. Scrvico and Co Chlmborazo, RM S S 3,817, J H F Nixon, Il N te, London, ¿.o.-Gibbs, Bright, und Co 22\. Guthrie B s a., 2,233, Noll channon, Hong Kong, A.c.-Gibbs, bright, and Co 23 Chancaba, B s s, 2.208, J E Williams, Hong Kong ¿co.-Lorimer, itonio, and Co. 23 Natal, F s s, 4,250 A Such, Marseilles, ia Dalgety and Co Limited 24 Caledonhin, F. e-s, 4 250, H de Maubcngo, Nou mca, o.e.-Dalgoty and Co Limited 26 Augustina, O bq , 891), J Zlmdars, Sundswall. Master 25 Drumburton, B sh., 1,840, J H Johnson, Lon- don-Australasian bhtppiLgand Carrying Com pan) Limited 26\. Blonda, b bq, 597, II. M. Trapp, Bodorham - Master. 1 CLRVRKD OUT 13 C1) do, IU1SS, 2,244, E M. Edmond, London, v la Colombo -Geo VV itliers l8 Jennie, A bq , 1,-105, li T Amsbury, Iqulque - NowollnndCo l8 Ocean, 0 bq , 405, D Ktampen, Apia.-Gibbs, Bricht and Co 20 Medora s bq, 770, O J Tlanssen, Fuget Sound -Dal¿oty and Co. Limited 21 Austral, It M S S , 5,688, A Charlton, London, &a; Gibbs, Brleht, nnd Co 21\. Taupo, Cn, 700, F Fielding, Suva and Levuka, lijl, via Newcastle -David Mills 21 Imacos N bq , 677, Olo Misen, Cortnto -Otto Horne! o 15\. Darling Dow ns, B, sh , 1,634,21 O. Keen, London. -Gibbs, Bright, and Co 25 Natal, F 8 s., 2 655 A Suoh, Noumea, via Syd* noy -Dalgoty and Co Limited 2J fckandla, S bo, 009 It W WalstrUm, Punta Arenas -Balfour, Elliott and Co 25 L Uagcn, O bq, 503, O Busen, Fuget Sound. O A. Wiluis ^^^^^ SHIPS CLEARED OUT WITH COLONIAL PRODUCE. JAN 13 C1] do for London -3 037 bis wool, 317 bis leather, 177 bis skins 10 qr oks wino, l8 pkgs merchandise, 7 pkgs sovereigns (valuo £4,410) JAS 21 Austral for London -J (102 carcasos frozen mutton, S43 bis w ool 14 bis leather, 20 es w ino, 10 bia skins, 1 bx Bovurolgns (value £1(100), 42 bags bark, and 40 pkgs merchandise and effects Taupo for Suva, via Newcastle-1 qr cks rum, 2 qr exs 30 cs wine 600 tins 53 pkgs biscuit*, 2 cs cou foitionery, lol pkgs oilmen B stores, groceries, and provisions, 7 pkgs draper) and softgoods, 3 pkgs boots 75 pkgs and pes metalwaro, 2.0 bags flour, ¡s6 bags potatoes and ollioos, 27 pkgs merchandise and effects JAM 25 Darling Downs, for London -117 bags mustard hulls, 7,725 bis wool, 3 pkgs machinery, 35 bis scrolls, JO bags ragB, 35 bis basils, 2 pkgs mcrchau dise PASSENGERS BY AND SINCE TITE DE PARTURE OF TUE LAST MAIL JAV 13 Clyde for London-Saloon -For Bombay-Mr K D Framjco lor Caloutta-Messrs It P and H S Irwin For Madras-Mr 0 Maclarlano lor Voniee-Mr and Mrs. Lawder, Mr II J Wright, Mrs «rk,ht, and Misses Wright (Uo) *or Brlndisl Mr George Bennett, lor London-Mr and Airs Rupert T 11 Clarke and maid, Mr and Mrs 1* Par litt, MI'S Lord, Mr J Corbett M V , Mr Corbett (jun ), and sccrotary, Mr and Mra It Murray Smith, Misses Smith (two), Mr and Mrs Ainslie two children, lulant and nurse, Mr and Mr* li Androws, Mr am! Mrs Crosii), Mrs. and Miss Richards Mrs ile» nott, General Maxwoll, Messrs J h Hunier, W h Campbell, b Il ntcrhouso (jun ), A a Phillip«, E 1! Lilis, B Bott, U Anderson, J H. Lowro), A. loupffor, and J li Gordon JA". 21 Austral It M S., for I ondon, via Adelaide, Suez, and Naples Saloon Mrs Richard on, Mr II k. Lussy, Mr Liticdull Mr Vounn, Mrs. SiuiLOll, Mr and Mrs lluttlck, Miss Ii Russell, Mis. Hurst, Ó H Itussol! Mr Clarkson, W il Binstead Mr II J I rice, 1 ronk Charles Miss Aiuivoll, Mr* Scott, Mrs Webster. Miss Webster Mr W Walker Miss ¡steele J A I1) fe, Sir Chas and Lady MacMahou, Mr and Mrs. T B Ouest and fanlllv (live) Mr and Mrs Soweit, Itov r dell, Mrs and Miss Parsons, Mr Parsons, Mrs Stowart and family (Ihol and nurse Mr A W itobertson and fnmll) (flio) MISB Hallant)no Mr and Mrs Murpb) and servant, Mr tancred, vu- and Mrs. Schaefor infant and nur e, R c thomas, Mr and Mrs Phillips W J Hack, J 1'cdlo), Mr and MM Movos and lamil) (two),]) W manning, IV Hobin son, 1 Millor A Walsh. F Miali \\\\. Blaok Mrs Daub), Mr Bcardall, Miss llowand, Mr and Mrs borrebtor, A 1 Rankine, 11 Long L. Brooks, C ilaurct, T Henderson , and 9(3 second and 111 third class _ PASSENGERS ROOKED PER RMS. SU1LJ J The following is a list of passengers booked from Melbourne per ICM -<. SutleJ, Icaung January 27 - lor Loudon-Mr and Mrs Levien Mr J 1 Sharpo, Mr and Mrs Street, Mr and Mrs. Dismoor, child, Infant, and nurse, Mr and Mr-« Sanderson lion A Master Huddart throe children, and John Traill, Miss Traill, Mr 1 li Goodhan 1, lion J Downer lion 11. Lancton, lion and Mr* forrest, Mr Burccss, Mr and Miss 'link, Mr In)lor, Mr M Culloch fur Marseilles-Colonel BoltingalL For Albany-Mr. and Mrs. A Muir, Mr James Beattlo, Mrs Cooper and two daughters. 