ASSISTED GERMAN IMMIGRATION. A deputation of German residents, consisting of Messrs. Kalbfell, Klug, Jager, Schane, Koerben, Rometsch, Seeger, and others waited on the Premier to-day, in order to bring under his notice several matters connected with assisted immigration, etc. -Mr John Hamilton, M.H.A., intro duced the deputation. Mr John Kalbfell then stated that a resolution had been adopted at a recent meeting of German colonists to the fol lowing effect : — ' That if Parliament votes any money for assisting friends and former fellow workers in field or farm at Home to come out and join the recent arrivals, we German, Danish, etc., settlers who have done our fair share towards the development of this colony, and consider ourselves certainly no less ' Tasmanians ' than any that may have come from the United Kingdom or other parts of the world to join the ranks of Tasmanian colonists, respectfully suggest that we should have an equal share with the British born or native colonists.' Mr G. Klug suggested that such a long time having elapsed, for want of funds available, since many of the Germans, Danes, etc., had purported to bring certain friends of the same working class as themselves, they would respect fully submit, in case the persons nomi nated have meanwhile emigrated to another country, or should be prevented for some other reason from availing them selves of tho nominations, that their assisted passages, if any, should be made transferable to some other former neigh bors or Mends of equal qualifications under proper supervision at home, on behalf of the Government, so as to keep np the standard which emigration from the fatherland has hitherto enjoyed in this colony. Mr A. Jager remarked that the recent arrivals not being able to speak English fluently, should be allowed to address the Government about their wishes and re quirements when needful in their native language, after the same method as adopted abroad with regard to English and other foreigners. He pointed out that emigration from the iridely different provinces of the continent was essentially in the ' communities settlement' style, embracing small farming, orcharding, fishery, and fish curing, etc. Mr Fysh, in reply, said he thought he understood the objects which brought them together. He took s deep interest ia the results of ihe immigration system, and he was satisfied when it introduced a class whose thrifty habits made them the best of colonists ; and he hoped that as Germans thev found the same warm wel come extended to them here as had been extended to all others. Not only as farmers, but as tradesmen, they were to be met with in all parts of the colony, and whether in town or country they had proved themselves to be good law-abiding citizens. They must dismiss from their minds any question of nationality in coming forward with their requests, for having taken out letters of naturalisation, they became British subjects, and any privileges which Englishmen enjoyed they were entitled to share, and they would find it would be accorded to them. In the present condition of the colony Government thought they were going a little too fast in immigration matters. Hey wished to see those here well settled in the country before any fresh arrived, for Government knew that the colony was not in as thriving a condition as they could wish it to be, but when by watching the labor market they deemed mare immigrants would be required they would make no difference as regarded nationality. Government proposed plac ing a small sum on the estimates for assisted passages, so that if there were any of their friends or relatives left behind anxious to join them in this colony they would have an opportunity of bringing them out, as Ministers con sidered they were bound to keep faith in matters of that sort. He assured mem bers of the deputation that they would be treated in the same way as o'her colonists in every respect. Mr Hamilton thanked the Premier for the kind, warm - hearted, Anglo-Saxon tone of his reply, and the deputation retired. 