MAIL IIW§« Our American Letter A'EW YORK, Aug. 19. Mr. Blaine, after a \ear of absence in Europe, has returned to his native hfath, and has been received with an ovation t-uch as no other American, however emi nent, has ever been honoured with before. He sailed from Liverpool in the new Inmati 10,000-ton ship, the City of New York, on her first trip to the westward, and' was expected surely to arrive on Hie eighth day out. But the machinery, as might nave D-en loreseen, was stiff, ai.d refused lo work smoothly, and so the great Republican chieftain came to port two days late. This, however, only served to add to the imposing character of the demonstrations of welcome. Committees of reception from every j art of the northern half of the Fnion catne on here in Bpecial trains, with banners, and music, and every known adjunct of campaign warfare. Both political partie? now pledge themselves to the re striction of immigration, A Congressional committee has been taking testimony daily* for three weoks on (his question, and the disclosures are even worse than an ticipated. Tbe law forbidding the importation of aliens under contract bas been steadily violated, and in one case, in spite of an expre-s warning from a labour union, the j inspectors (as ia inferred, because of bribery) permitted 50 stonecutters from Scotland to go on to Texas lo work on the State capital under an agreement made in Glasgow that they should receive 4doL a day. It is an-.oi;g the non-English-speaking immigrants, how ever, that most of the business is done. One of the officers of the committee found no difficulty in making a contract with an Itaiian padrone for 100 labourers to be brought from Italy at l'25dol. a day, and he and the padrone entered further into a written agree ment as to the division of the profits to be made on boarding the men, after they had been procured and had been set to work. The employers who make such contracts are now, in case of detection, merely subject to a fine of not more than 1000 dols., but the law will be amended probably so as to make at least a second offence punishable with a term of imprisonment The general law aCe-ting immigration will also be greatly changed. Perhaps a head tax of 50dol. or lOOdol. will be imposed on each immigrant ; but if not, each immigrant will D3 required to bring from the United States Consul nearest to his home a recommendation that he is a fit person to be received. This latter plan would enable the Government to attain in a great measure the one thing really desired — the power to discriminate between nationalities. English-speaking people of all kinds and Germans and Scandinavians would still find no trouble in getting the necessary papers tocomeheie; while Italians,' and Hungarians, and Po'.es, and Russian Hebrews would be only forwarded after clear proof that they intended to remain here permanently, and that they possessel suffi cient means to establish themselves in some reputable calling. At present most of these latter races — especially the Italians and Hungaiians — merely come here, to work long enough to enable them to save a few hundred dollars, and then they return home. Even if they were desirable citizens in other respects, as many ! of them are, this would be a sufficient reason why they ' should not be encouraged. Some proof lias been given udiuiu me uuuiimiLut! or a posmve ana permanent ro duction of wages effected in some of the le;s iniDortant ' callings, each as cbak -making and ciaar mal?ing, by means.of iHe'fiteaJy pressure of immigrant competition ; but taking the field of labour as a wlio'o, such a result has been too feeble to be plainly- perceptible. -1 All who can afford it are away at the seaside or in the mountains. Within the past few year, a successful effort has been made to appropriate' some parts of the time thus sacrificed to the summer heats to useful pursuits. Of cour?e- from time immemorial, every well conducted person has -*onc to the country with a good stock of solidieading iTliis '. trunk ; but experience has shown that such boolcs have had a sad tendency to remain unopened. Rut about a ! dozen years ago, Apassiz started the famous Sumnw \ School of Natural History, and this was followed by i Alcott's almost equally famous Summer Srhool of I Philosophy. The plan in. each case was to cam- I students through a special summer cour?o, and the results woro favourable beyond the most f an- guine expectations. Then tlio religious peop'o took up tho idea, and founded at Greenwood ' Lake, in combination with a camp meeting, I of ajrolonged type, a Summer School of r'hri-tfari Theology, An then, at another largo lnk/\ Chaiaqnn, there came a yet fuller development of the project. A summer university was here established, at which the mosteininent professors in most branches of human learning, gave sis weeks' courses of lectures. Any young nian or woman with a weakness for eelfculture and a few weeks to spare could thus pay a small funi and drink in full draughts of Sanscrit or Anglo Saxon or tho higher mathematics. An arrange ment was perfected by which the studies thus begun could bo prosecuted by correspondence during the remainder of the year, with now and ihon a general issue of examination papers and an award of prizes. Every evening at Cualauqua during the season there is a sermon or lcctuie by some eminent divine or orator, and theie is also plenty of good music. Of course the net results attained ar^ of a very mixed character. The ambitious country boy, who comes with the full put pose of learning to read the Iliad in the original in his sixVeeks of college, often goes home taking little more than the Greek alphabet with which to astonish his neighbours and kinsmen ; but every now and then a student is produced in whom a genuine thirst for knowledge is awakened. So profitable to its promoters was the first ' Cbatauqua Assembly,' that it has found imitators all over the Union, Ohio, Georgia, New Jersey, and a dozen other States, each has now its own ' Cuatauqua,' and all these together have in common a journal devoted exclusively lo the development of the ' Chatauqua idea.' Perhaps one of the best features of this system is the laying down | of a fixed coarse for the year of solid reading, both poetry and prose, with very handsome prizeB for those who arc declared by an examination to have profited be6t by their studies. Tl;is class last year embraced 10,000 persons ; and it is certainly something gained I that a leaven of. healthy intellectual effort should thus ' be spread through strata of the community which was sadly in need of mental improvement ; The 'raft fiend' — the great Joggins — has carried out his fell purpose, and even at the risk of wrecking the entire Transatlantic fleet, has succeeded in bringing liis huge ship of logs from Nova Scolia safely to New York. Last year, as will be remembered, a first mon ster raft went to pieces in a storm, and its owners lost 30,000dols. while three sailing ship6 were wrecked bv coming in contact with the floating wreck, and the Government and the Board of Underwriters were put to heavy expense in sending out tugs to gather up the Jogs. Everyone said then that legislation must be at' once secured both in Canada and the United State; to make a repeti tion of such an attempt illegal. Bat, as often happens in such cases, nothing was done, and so Joggius quietly built up a new improved monster and launched it amid many loud cries of alarm and terror. Luckily, it has come safely to port, thanks to fair weather and a happy teries of fortunate accidents, and we can breathe freely again for another year. It is composed of 21,300 sticks, and the profit-on the venture win ue aoout ov,uw dollars. It is liardly likely that the insur.uice people will be caught napping a second time, and l'iig before tho opening of next season the Jotrgins' idea will be suppressed by appropriate solemn acts of the Dominion Parliament and the Washington Congress. We have had another awful steamship disaster — a collision in mid-ocoan between the two ship,- which compose the fleet of the Danish mail line, known as tho Thinjrvalla Steamship Company, to this citv. Eiich line now has its own ocean lane marked out on tbe chart, and so it is not after all so very wonderful that within a few years it should happen alike lo the 'White Star and this Thingvalla line that their vessels should run into each other. In this last case there was no fog, aud the ves els sighted each other when they were yet two miles apart. Jnsfrad of at once by signal laying out a proper course, loth 6hips kept on until it was plain that they would come together, and then by a blunder they each changed their helm so that one crashed full inlo the engine compartment of the other. In le-s than five I minutes the injured ship wt-nt down to the bottom, j drowning 120 out of about 160 passengers and crew. The other vessel carried nearly GOO immigrants, and ! was so'badly injured about Use bow that it would cer j tainly have gone down too in hi-avy weather. In the nick of time, however, a German etcainer came bv and look oJF all but the crew, and then the disabled ves;cl, by backing stern first, managed to get into Halifax, which was only about 120 miles away. This disaster will give new meaning: to the international congress soon to convene for the purpose of arranging a better code of ocean sig nalling', and of imposing penalties upon captains who persist (as is commonly done now from mere idle vanity) in Keeping on an original course even when it is plain that a change must be made in a row seconds to avert a collision. 