MULTUM IN PARVO. Statistics show that blinduess is increasing very rapidly in the United States. Between the years 1870 and 1880 the population in creased 30 per cent, and blindness 140. The chiaf cause of the rapid increase is said to be contagion, assisted by immigration, which brings many infectious. diseases of the eye into the country. Miss Mamie Mahon, of Haverhill, Mass., was the victim of a terrible outrage on Mon day, November 28. She was called to the door of Her residence and a lot of vitriol from a beer glass thrown into her face. Her eyes were oaten out and the flesh bangs in shreds. A reward of 1000 dol is offered for the : arrest of the villain. Some very singular electrical phenomena were observed recently on two very dry days at a printing office in Mainz, Germany, when the wliule establishment seemed to be converted into a huge electric battery. Electric sparks could be drawn with the lingers from all parts of the printing ma chinery, just as may be done from a charged electric machine. In printing some strong paper a slight crackling was noticed, which finally developed into loud explosions. The last record of the elephant Alice, suffocated in the fire which destroyed Bar num’s menagerie, is ihut on the stomach of the huge creature being examined a very curious and miscellaneous collection of articles wus-found therein. Besides screws, bradawls, nails, and other like indigestible matter, not fewer than 300 copper coins, value one penny, were found in the capacious maw. The idea entertained on the subject is that the animal preferred a diet of copper to the buns -which no doubt the bestowers of the pennies intended Alice should buy with them. French Governments may differ in many respects, but for a long time past they have had ouo thing in common; they have all been very trying to deal with—for Euglish Ministers, at least. It would be a task of some difficulty to pick.out a single instance in the last 10 years, to go no. further back, in which any French Cabinet has shown the slightest wish—we do not say to consult the interest of England, which would not he their business—but to conduot affairs so as to remain on friendly terms with this country, —Saturday lieview. Recently upward of 300 domiciliary visits for Nihilists were made iu one uigiit at St. Petersburg, Kioff, Moscow, and Tver, with the result that 180 persons of both sexes were arrested. Seven infantry and two engi ge.er officers, who were among those taken into custody, committed suicide as soon as they fonml themselves in the hands of the police. Several more military officers have since been imprisoned in the fortress of Peter and Paul at St'. Petersburg. Germany is gradually, but surely, elimi nating all foreign tongues from her border possessions. She has long been doing her best to oust the French language from all official use and teaching in Alsace-Lorraine, and now Danish is no longer to be taught or used in schools through Slesvig,, or Polish iu the religious edveationa) establishments in Posen. Genian must-be used in instruction except under very special ciroumstauces. The Moravians have settlements not only in Germany, but also in England, Switzer land, and America. They hold uearly all the doctrines of Luther. Their largest settlement, Herrenhut, is in Saxony, and the Moravians iu many parts of Germany bear the name of Horrenhutters. Iu each com munity there are two houses set apart—one for the married men, called the “ Brothers’ House,” and the other for all unmarried sisters or widows who wish to enter it. The Moravians cannot marry without the con sent of the elders of their church, and in some cases the bridegroom has been chosen for the bride. A collection of 10,000 objects illustrating tile progress of prehistoric inau in Western Europe has been opened at the Smitnsonian Institution. It begins with the chipped stone implements of the meu of the preglaciai period. Then come the ground and polislie ! stone, carved bone, and much later bionz and pottery. The bronze implements are especially interesting, including barbed fim hooka aud pins with large globular heads snob as are used by ladies now to keep the hat in place. Every new tax placed on land is pro tanto a guarantee against its division. The great owner who is paid in dignity, in influence, and in pleasant occupation, may endure to hold an estate yielding only i per cent, for his motley, as he eudures to hold a white elephant like Chatsworth, Blenheim, or Hat field; but the- little owner cannot bear that pressure, and retires so rapidly that the old class of yeoman is iu England becoming ex tiuht. -Still less can he bear it if he is a little cultivator, for then every tax on land is a positive deduction from his family’s food. The higher of the two peaks of Killi inaujaro, the loftiest mount iu Africa, has just been ascended by Dr A. Meyer, of Leipsic, who places its height at very nearly 20,000 feet. The coal output of the world is 400,000,000 tons annually, of which the United States produces 100,000,000, Asia 0,000,000, and Africa 200,000. Europe produces 72 per cent, of all, 295,000,000 tous. The average per head of population is 225 pounds per year. At this moment Belgium, if we except Antwerp, is, to all intents and purposes, practically at the mercy of a single well found corps d’urmcc with or without a siege train. In an emergeuc}’ we may reasonably anticipate that Belgium will choose the least of two evils, and without sinking large sums ill restoring her old for tresses, she will place Liege, her arsenal and centre of trade, and Brussels, iu a proper state of defence. Then, with Antwerp, a very’ hard opt to crack, Belgium could exact a considerable toll, either in blood or money, from either invader—French or German— who attempted to violate her territory. The Greeks are a very sober, temperate race, freo from servility of any kind, not in clined to bow down before wealth or social position, and consequently delightfully free from any taiut of snobbery. By dint of hard work, even with the rudest forms of imple ments, they manage to extract rich harvests wherever the soil offers any encouragement to the laborer. Though not a rich-country Greece is almost free iiom cases of extreme poverty; the general level of well-being is widely distributed, aud it ia rare to lind laborers who are totally dependent on the wages they earn. i'iictqj are more women iu British India (124,000,000) than there are men, women, and children in Great Britain, France, and Germany put togother, with the populations of several minor European States cast iu as well. Walnut oil is said to be equal to olive oil, and in Europe it is an article of trade. It is also used by painters aud by makers of fancy soaps, aud for burning in lamps. In the precious.metals Russia comes first as to gold, with £10,543,320; the United States second, with £6,160,000; Australia third, with £4,200.000. In silver the United States leads, £10,760,000; Mexico second, £5,200,000; Russia third, £4,054,000. The American Civil War of 1862-65 cost tho Union £1,200,000,000, and a capable American reckoned the loss of the Con federate States at £800,000,000, or a total of £2,000,000,000. The fact that 15 to 25 steamers a month are now arriving at the mouth of the Congo illustrates tho growth of commerce iii that regiou. At this moment every important fortress iu Frauce and Germany has its staff of voyageur or homing birds, which are wall trained for 50 -or 100 miles, aud even for longer distances. In both countries there are considerable establishments the rear ing aud exercising of these birds. Berlin will soon be the most brillitntly illuminated city in Europe. The electric light is being fitted all along the Unterden Linden; and the Leipziger Strasse, which is upward of a mile in length, is already illu minated thoiighout by electricity, which is to be introduced into ull the ■ principal streets aud squares. The King of Belgium has devised the iiigeuions attempt to introduce a railroad into Morocco by sendiug the Sultan a com plete railway trilin with a lot of rails as a present. ' ■ The London Fire Brigade are to be uni formed iu. asbestos cloth, which is said to be incombustible. The Paris Fire Brigade have been apparelled in it already, and the re sults are said to be most satisfactory. This material will not take fire, and if all that is said of it be correct the firemen will have one less risk to run .when on duty. 