SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE. HOBSON'S BAY. HIGH WATER THIS DAY -Morning, 12. so , after noon,118 April 7 -0 a m . Wind N , stromr , weather fino Ilaromctor, SO ixl thermometer, D8. 1 rein Wind 2Í W , light, weather olouily Une liaromoter, 30 00 thermometer, 74 4 p ni Wind N W , moderato, weather olear, Uno. Barometer, JO 00, Micro» moter 70 April 8.-0 ium Wind W, moderate, weather cloud), uno Barometer 30 12, thermometer OS lpru Wind s, light weather clear, line Baro Meter, JO 12, thorniomctor, 70 4 p in ttindS, light, weather clear, line Barometer, JO OJ, ihcr moulder, uti ARRIVED - APRIL 7. Itosctla, ILMSs, J, 167 tons Q tt Brady commander, lrom London lcbrunry 23 Olb rollar february 27 Multi .iii ult, Brindis! lilli ult. Pott ¡said Sth ult sue/ Oth ult, Aden Uth ult, Colombo 20th ult, Albany (M A ) 1st Inst, and Adelaide tith Inst lassonucrs -For Melbourne -t rotu Lor don- Mrs 1 lUenbcrL,er, alisa Yodo¿ and five In tho second saloon trom Bombay-Ono in the socond saloon I rom Calcutta -Mr Stonie} I roui Adclaldo-one In tua second saloon tor b}dut} -trout London-Dr M Kellar, lira ai hollar, lamil} (three) and servant, Mr and Mrs Ooldlinch Hisses Goldfinch (two) Mrs lalthful mid servant, Mr It \\\ Jones Mr Holdsworth Mr A C Marshall , and nine in the second saloon I rou: ¿Naples- Two in tito second saloon trom suez-Mr B 1) Powell I rom Calcutta- Three in the second saloon lrom leuatig-Mr J C C Ilcudry Dr Harley, medica) olliccr Mr Julia Killi, steward in cliargo Gcor"o Withers superintendent r ando Co agent Milauopo sli ICOS tons John Graj, from London Jan IJ, Tho Lizard Jon 1** Passengers-cabin Messrs E Penning b E Crawford, and lito Tuscan!. The M Culloch Carr} lug Compilo Limited, agents Dagmar, Danish bq , 222 tons, C Poulsen, from loit Louis, Mauritius, 1st hist. I nsscn^cr-cabin Mrs Poulsen. Phipps Turnbull and Co, agents Omeo, four masted bq '80 tons \\\ Anthon}, from Euroka, Humboldt Bav hob _ II Blair, agent I brenco elliott k , 6J tons, J Orel.', from Penguin Creel,, Tasmania, 4th lost, D Munro and Co, agents Martha, »eli 50 tons, li Gordon, from Bairnsdale .loth ult, and Babbit lal mu «li lust W Cowper, agent Nemesis, s.S., 1.3DJ tons T Langlo} ttebb from Newcastle 4th lust, lluddart, larktr, and Co, agents IVcudouroc, sa., ICIO tons P Io Ncvcu, from Sjdiicj 5th Inst Passcnucrs-saloon Mrs. A Booth, Mr and Mrs Garratt, Mrs Edwards, Mrs. Miugg Mr and Mrs Walker and tv o children, Mr and Mrs. ttorrllot, Mr» Puhford Mrs. %au"'h Misses Hicks, ¡skinner. Gibbs, Gariatt, Uro« ¡ml, O Borter, Fcnwlok Loiccs, and Cotteril Captain Bick nell Messrs. J c1 oin, J King A Ile} wood, J vv lcnkius tt A Patrick, J Burn J Whltln.' tt X}ruse, J tt risassor, J Und^aj, It B Itose, « G Johnson, It vi \ iel ers I. is Stephenson M Brenunn D llyan \Y Wilson, b Itutlcdge ,andU) lu tho steerage lluddart Pari cr, and Co , nacnts Julia l'crc}, s s 41)0 tons II Bush trom Portland and tt nrrnainbool nth inst I asset "-ers-saloon Mesdames Swan and child Trcnlicar and child, Uocnlg, Ptovdcll Martin Notman Cadivillor, Gefall, Martin Misses Lister brewster, Bartlett (two) KUM", Sarah Egan Edie, bholton tt allacc, Cadvvallcr, Jones, L Jones, Messrs Komi., Sinn, C Ainsworth, tt Burnett, Ma°ou, Salmon, I J O sullivan, N Gill Incur, Captain Selb}, J b Sutton îvotinan, M Carino}, O 1 riiom|ison, Gegm, tt tt (Ison, Master A Webster, and 10 lu the ttccnee John Thompson, auent Ta.lialcrro, s.s 1 JOS tons, from newcastle, ila Geelong J Mllvvraltiiaud Co., agents. APRIL 8. Bunln}ong, s.s, 2 070 tons, John V Joy, from Si lue) Oth lust Passenger»-saloon Mcdamcs Macmolkan, Maton, hell and child Daw, Cro's, Haul ins, Jas Purtcr, Misses Davies, Simulons, Charlton, ¡voll Dow, L LrO"i J ero-,«, C uros-, Lowther N Lowther, Messrs tt. T Maton, A II Bliss Daw, Macincilau J Port \V Wilson,« \oung, T tt Kail}, 1> li Parlor Cress I T M ah cr, A Berri, sen . A Ucrrj, Jim , tt alton, Hales A Taylor E. Clements, G Sharp, Slattery, Lou thor, J 1 uull ci W Brown, li thy, J htalmau, W Pcnni, Masten o Porter, tt Nell, and 41 In the second cabin. Wm Howard Smith and Sons Limited, agents. Southern Cross, s s., 478 tons, W. A. Pearce, from N.W. Coast Tasmania. Passengers — Saloon: Mr. and Mrs. Hyman, Mr. and Mrs. Brown, Mr. and Mrs. Marshall, Mr. and Mrs. McKean, Mr. and Mrs. Quin- ton, Mesdames Miller, Howson, Johnstone, Misses Hewitt, Wallan, Sutcliffe, Ford, Armytage, Messrs. Jowett (two), Longdon, Ross, Haddon, Bechervaise, Kirkhouse, Bond, Judd, Boves, Bower, Rooke, Pearce, Ditchbourne, Gordon Pennefather, Norris Clarke, Shaw, Sheppard, Cotter, Cobens, Capt. Jones, and 31 in the steerage. C. Hudson, agent. Casino s.s, 425 tons, T Boyd, from Port Fairy Passengers- Baloon Mesdames Flnnngcti Miller, McLol, Horsfall Osbourno Misses Mughridgc, Colman, 1 innagen, Hosl ing, smith Miller Durham, Mekol MaMilan L}diant, Messrs t> Lydiard, Cliapple A ti Walt, Millar J 11 Jorunu, w L Gladstone I Peck, G Robertson, 1 Bullio, Horsfall \V tv ans. Daniels, It showers , and threo in tho steerage E. A Swindells, nj,cut FMTRED OUT -Vi mi 7 Crcsslngton, 2,101 tons, J Urovvnloy, for lal mouth St Kilda ISO tons, J Carr, for Gre}mouth Argus, 1,51» tons, A Hobcttson, for Wallaroo CLBAItLD OUT-Al HIL 7 I Indus l.OSOtons A W Thorpe, for Newcastle, la ballast lluddart Parker, and Lo agents Bankhall 1.J1J tons, W Quinn, for Newcastle, in ballast \lrgoe bon and Channiau agents Eliza Firth 14J tons, li Mnipaon, for Hobart in ballast J B Lllcrkcr 0{,cnt Mangana, us, 428 tons tt J I cathorstmie, for Hobart Pa«sciu.ers- saloon Urs Coopcl, Miss Macdonald Messrs C happer lapouliaeeu, Donald sou Donaldson, and .0 in tito steoragu Charles Hudson, agent Warrego, fl s , 1.7C0 tons, T A Lako, for S> «Iney, Brisbane and all Queensland potts, Passi Uluru saloon Mrs. V. Smith, Mr-c Hickey and infant, Mrs. Downie Mrs Downie. Mrs Evans and child, Mrs. Crombor and tinco children Mrs Blake Mrs. Lur nott Dr Gillespie, Uossrs Garfortl .Mitchell, II 1 ennan, G F Holten Long J Chambers, A ii Printern, J Campbell O Lou"nliu, r raser Burnett, A O Herbert, It IS Overcud J c, Murra}, D Guiiti, Geo Kitchen, J Michell, I L. Barratt, Loader, l_ C Carter, Butler, Ü Dupon D C Pope, J Trinniek, 1 Coghlan, Kockct, M Madden. II low eil aud .7 in the steerage W Slddclt} anti Ca, agents. Burrumbeet, a s r 4-0 tons deo lait for S}dnoy and tvowcaBilc Passengers- saloon Mr mid Mrs J Burton, atesdamos Nicholls, Do Sa\c Rolfe, Block wood and two children M 1 Heron, G Nowton, Jaco, Evans and child Marlo Lo lloclie tt T Davis, Misses Burton, Nolllo ttilhams, Smith, Hurst PuOctt Brown, O'lltion, Currie Silvester, L MCaffro},M Corcoran Scott Measrs Silvester, ADC Oosiuan, 1' Packham tt h. Sha«, It Weatherly, I B Hunter, tt Quinn, C T Clarke, le. Dav enport A Loululn, W M QUI, It lorgusson E Holden Itlcliard Edwards, A Tornlng Masters *-ili cstor and li 0 Malley, and 22 in lite steerage Uuddart, Parker, und Co , agents. Carlisle Castle ih , T S. Lo» for î ontlon Pas scngors-galoon lie Cameron, Messrs. F Boaslo), jim , George Br}cr, Jool Davis losapli Hoad, Harry Uhorpo, Chas V Johnsron, James Lonecrott, tt m J Chapman, B Allson, Geo 1 B. billilli Archdale. U ttlutb}, Kruo.t OBgood Uaubur}, Misses 1 S. Low, Misses Br}cr, M and L Elliot 1 Longcroft Annie A., anti M ttllitb} J li «hito and Co, agents. 1J1P011TS - Amil. 7 Mclauope, from London - 2.SU2 cks cement 5 OOO lalla wood, 2 402 bra 040 lull* .48 pits Iron 46J es galvanlsod iron, 60 cs sheet iron 1 cks 1,400 bdls wire, 200 reels foneltig wire, 210 i>kgs nails, liolts rivets, 10 pkL.8 hollow are, tites bedsteads 4 ca eus engines 6 ci loaded snfst} cartridges 12 bellows, (s anns, 00 ompt} tanks 010 pies lead 1 It) pkgs liar 1 ware, ¿i scantling,*, ¿2 slabs 0 cs marble J cs (t,rauiui niouuiiicnt) 200 pkt,s bottles 20 \ kgs china glass and earthen ware 24 bis corks, 4 cs nel Is _ es ether, 10drnisnaphtha, 20esliquorice, llfibai.sniyrobalans, 40 bgs gambier. It u bael v aloma 1 es oil of lemon, JOJ pkgs drugs chomteals, and apothecaries ware 00 bri» 600cs currant« teles ling, SO os lobster J tks walnuts li bdls» ti. fruit, 1 ti 1 es seeds b tks malt, TOO oke 250 es bottled I ccr 2 hbds 13.1 qr c1 s 4 octv s wino, DO cs champagne, t>0qr cks 1 410 es1 rand}, 100 cks J1 cs vinegar, 3 tks Jib pkgs oilmen s stores pro visions, liquor», se , 112 his loi rls pap-r .01 pkes books, stationer},&.c.,G12pltgflBottgoods boots shoes Ac , J2ckaood oil, 11 eks bide, & his canvas, SO vi us oils paints and paintors Hintons] J jil esfanov eoods, '. pkus trinder}, 2 bus indlarubber eootls 1 ck hides ¡fcgoigars, 1 bl leathers 1 ea corrlugc tlttlni,s, 2c>0 bags 64 pki,a miscellnuoous niorilmndisc rsemcsls, from Sowcastlo-1 SOO lons coal Daunar, from Mauritius -200 tons sui.ar Martha from llnlrnsdalc -210 bags bark 40bai,8 malro, 200 shcejiskins, lu in les, aud a number of empty packages Ornoo, from Humboldt llaj -D00,000it redwood pine 21 000 picket! Julia Pore} from Portland and tt arruambool - S 748 bac.s potatoes 20 , bai.s inrlc, b4 es fruit, 01 bags r}0 65 bigs oats 240 Inga barlcv 2 es. plants 8 bis wool J bills 1 pkg leather 17 Kies bacon, 4S cs cheese o us butter 1 bl 14 boes hair 4 es lard .1 b\s soap, 07 baes futiim, 1 ert hate«, J horses, and sun dries. VV ondourcc, from 8} duev -2 000 tons coila 21 Ions cedar, 10 Iocs blucLwood 1 b\ ivpc 50 his rae,«, 1 es holts, 1U bdls bung} shafts 1 bell poles na in.ola tin 40tls wiro nuttlne 11 iron weithin 1 es tnanhiiier) . rs works, J ops fowls 1 trunk boots, 2 dogs, b cs suu dries. laellaforro, from Newcastle -2 000 tons coal Ainu 8 Buninyong, from S}dnc} -111 bags ojsters s cs fruit 1 blc}clo, 0 pk|,a sundries .,100 lons coal, 62 bis wool, a quanlit) lui.i.ai.e Southern Cross, from tvorth west Coast of las mania - J,h82 si s potatoes 2 bis wool 1 bl skins, J hides. Casino, from Port Fair) -1100 bags potatoes 420 bags grain, It) ea butter chees , and ecus 4 bis leather, J cs furniture, I rts {oultr) J tons suu drina. L\POItTS -Al mi 7 Burmuibcot tor^dne} and Ncvveistle- Ota lass COO qr bags flour loo cs etui t} tins >2 1 lus onions 076 bags chaff 100 bus .22 lit chts tea 1 hue.) and harness, 3 pltua pipers 6 pi c.*dri|or} "'(I his kapok, (I es Stationen d5 bris rtslt, ni bi^s pouitois, u kois wiro nails, J pki,s lnnohiinr} . lullars 2o cs tillo, ti cs spices J erts vceetal les b emptv baskets 4 pilga sadellerv 10 liss soil * c* lroninon"er}, 6 pk¡,s scrub extcrmiuator 10 pi f,s sundri s ¡SHIPPING 1\ LIUlUMi (IltOllOlII ColtltLS10NDt.Ma ) lOItT lilli I II IITADS Arrived-April b-southern Cross s s , from Ctr oular Hoad balled-April 7-Orbost iich for Snovvv Uiver, Burrumbeet tes tturre.o sa uni Cult ol \cnicc ss forS}dnev Min.iuis« firllohirt April 8 -Ullis ss, lor ¿vemcuslle eotllslo Castle sh, lor ) ondon WILSON s PI OMONrOin Itivvartl -April 8- I J p in Katoomba s s , 11 30 ?on Jolin and Kll/tbotli seh Outward -April 8-0 lu i in I buhls, s s C\PL OlWAi Inward -April 8-Noon Albauv, s s Oulvvard-April 8-1 pin Hannah Thompson, bq SA DM \ \- Arrlvod- April 7-lah inn from lion.' Kong Victoria, from Melbourne Indos, (rom I ord Howe Island April 8-11 M s Hulla Cabo from Mol bonnie , 11 M S Fucila from Hobart llotoinahaus, Irum Aueklnud. Jason from 1 otidnii Atlantic lrom Hamburg Golden tuite, lrom Netv Britain llurwull. Cintra from Brisbane hailed -April?-Barraba ii Motorh lor Brisbane Leura victorian, Mlueuuilte tor Melbourne Uutten, for Noumea und HJI, Talina lice, for Hong Kong vi* tim part«. bwanmorc, for bau Francisco Sulatuauca for Dttolton, VOILII for Broken Boi April 8 'juorgo Xhoumsoii for ttlliuluutou -NEWCASTLE. Arrived -April fl-Beeswing, from Melbourne balled -April 7-Southern Belli, lor Adelaide. Billyo \NU Arrive*, -April 7-Eurimbla from Rockhampton , Glanworth from «jdne> Yaralin, from Bundaberg. April s-1 Itzroj, (rom S> due) , C¿mralii]r, íroiu took town balled-April 7-Eurlmbli for Sjdmn Ghn worth for Rockhampton Marinoa for Cook to vin. Com, for Townsville Julia from Moreton Da j for b)dnc) with a portion ol her orlQinal cariro from I*ew iork ADELAIDE. Arrlrcd -April G-Dundalo, from Monte Video. April b-Karawoera, from Acúcaselo, 1'arramatta, from Melbourne. billed -April 7-W II Green, for South Africa, Adelaide, for Melbourne HOBART Arrlv ed -April C-I airy Koch, from Adelaide bailed -April 7-Tainui, for Ivew /cal G ml Tree trader, for Mtlbourne LOW HEADS Arrived -April 0-Corinna from Sjdncy J.ÛKMÎA Sailed -April 8-bnlft, for Port Fairy «MELBOURNE OBSERVATORY. ^ Lst 37deg 43mi ii 633CC S , Ion Oh .«in ¡31 2see TIMP BAU -TISIF OF Dnor At Williamstown Observatory Mean lime April 7-Jb Corresponding t Date and Hour April G 0 p tu April 7, 9 a.m April 7, J p m UO 112 ÜOjDö 30 330 C7 0 05 J 05 0 03 0 02.0 C5 2 MURRAY, MURRUMBIDGEE, OVENS, BARWON, NAMOI, AND GOULBURN KIVEUb APRIL 7. Balranald Bim on Beechworth 1 cnalla Bourke Brewarrina Deulhmuu Hillston H ornum Mcnindlo Mogil Moulamein Munjudi Namoi ¡Naram! era W agga W ahg un\ ah Walcott Wentworth Wilcannia Bar Abovo I |bu mm cr [ Wind and Weather Lc\el 1 C1 1 10 aim.dond), heavy thunderstorm hat nluht rain gaut,e, 0 «sin Calm, clear Calm , fino clear, rain trauge, 0 liri Calm, fine, clear Calm, fine* N fine b.w.. Hunt, fine rain Knut,», 0 24in S , fresh , Une, clear ~ Ino, cool, rain " Jfîe.0 2in U light flue dm Ono, clear, rain gauge, 0 &3iu IS tine Calm, fino rain gau¿o 0 Jim Calm, fine. S \\\ , fine, clear b, light, fino, cloud} , rain gauge, 0 25in urn, fine. Calm clear rain kaugc, 0 Tin » uno thunder (storm last night. lim, Ano cloar, rain fraude, 0 6∈ Calm, line, clear Calm, line b S «U tine Falling 1 Low X btatloiiar) Tur Iron clipper ship Molanopc which lia» been tn gagod for tho labt 12 J rar«, oft and on, in the Ans trallan trade has1 gain < n to red an appearance The Mtlanope was the Mest built ship for tho Hull 1 noun llettof Meaars Http Bro thora of liverpool which comprised tin- Antiope Marpcsia I'arthtnopo Cut* slope and Throphanc With the exception of tho Cassiope, which waa lost, tho Molanope and all tlio others now t\y tho house Ila; of the Austnlaslan chipping Coin pan r The Mclauope Is non un 1er the command of Cvptain John Ora), formerly of the I'arthcnope, uho has been away from here for thrto vcftr» or BO in ino Indian trade. Captain Gray was ntarl) U»cn up for dead on a recent vow/1- hotno from ImlU and thu ship had to put Into Mauritius for mud It it ahslaUnto for bun Ula numerous friends tn these colon ita w ill bo pleatKd to hear that he lias rooov crcd, and is awaiti m^iotU e faorvlte Tho Molanouo on thi* voyage is from London with u full uir«,o of L,eucnl merchaudinc au I a \er> HUttc9&tuI; run out lui buen aocomphalud lor a wetl previous to the dtparturo of tlio »hip London and all round was enveloped in ademo foi; of such colour and consistency that it quito altered the appearance of thu soils and lett them dinif} and a tal II ed, and uitti a «moke begrimed tool The Mel mono left Loudon on January ]r, ami authored off the IN oro H j, be until the next morning, whon she ¿ot under wa\ Thu pilot took loavu of the (thip it) tliu Downs and the tug lett her ol JJ unge ti es." W 1th thu ussistaucu of a strong easter.} wind a stuart run was made down Channel, and a departure was taken from Tho Lizard on January i» Tho wind was then from SSL boon niterwurds it shifted Into fe* W , und (henee to N W , and blew u hard Kale for tu o dajs Madeira was passed on Januay 27, and tho Caj>o de \erde Islandt» on 1 ebruary 2 In ttic Hi trudos the winds proved light generativ, and on reaching lit «ide,. ^ thev died away altogether Very Nhht variante aira and calina fol- lowed to the equator, which wvscrosscd on February 11, !n Ion 2Ude¿ ölniin W Xho&U; trades net in in lu 3dcg &, hut tho winds weru liHhtaa a rule, and being vi «11 souther.) the course varied for «otuo time, from 200 to 100 miles oft tbo South A mu rie au coftbt After passing [ilutan d Ve uti Ii-*, on 1 ebruary 20, llUit badllng »inda and cairns uuro fallen lu willi for four da**, and tho riU tances covered In that timo varied from 20 to 25 milts per da) The prime mcrindiau was craaaod on March 4, lu lat sJ9dcn. 4limn b., and that of tho Capo of Good Hope on March 8 in lut, 13 id eg b Tho weather off tho Cape was vvtt and inuty for several dav» and the winda wera vcr) unsteady from M to N W On the night of Muru!, li a tometuan obscrtcd The fillip a track across Um Southern Ocean was laid on tim parallels ot 4 2d eg and 4Jdig , and on these lines of latitudo thu winds ueruvory unstcud) in forco and direction Jhu tnly satis- factory work done una on March 20 and SI, betwoen thu meridians of 71deg 2mln E. and bßdcg lfimlu Vi, when 311 tulles uuro togged in one 1\ hours, and 1¿0 miles in tho next H hours. Tho wind on thlH occasion continued from S \\\ to SW., and there uas a vcrv hcav\ bouth vvtstcrl) snell On crossing Io» OOdci^ Idmin t the u ino: drew ri(,ht ahead, and brought, rain with it. lho meridian of Capo Leuuln was crossed on March ^S, and Capo Bridguater wan sighted on tile 3rd hist I he wind then hauled to S.L, and from that to I\ 1Î. and Junmed tho hhlp for sovcral da} a Cape Otv,&y; was pibdcd on the night ot tho ûth Inat « and the Heads were entered next da>, bl dava from London, or 7S du>s from Tho lizard The voyage was rcmirkablo for a con titiuancQofverj ilneutathcr, and in all Captain Gray a cxpirinict ho novcr had such a run of pleasant weather from start to finish The ship Is in har Ubual excellent order and a discharging berth will be found f >r her at the raihvay pier, 1 ort Melbourne lnr fourmatitcl sehoaucr Omeo has exthaaged the toil trade for the timber trade, and on this vovageshcis from numbal U Pa> with u cargo of red pine lho On co left Lurella un l-obruar> 2 in com pan} with no fewer than 10 sn art schooner rigged sailint? crafts, all of largo tonnage, and tuptulu \nthony avers that the Omeo t,ot ana) from ali of thom oveept ono LiLJtt ballling uimU wero espcrieuccd until I ebruarv 11 when the umd carno away In a vorv htav> wester)) gale aroompanied with a high turbulent eco. Tho Olmo lithavcd well houevtr and provtd hcrsolfa very hundv vessoL Light baining winds act in alter the gute, and continual until pat>aln0r the last end of Uovvlo Island on thu JOtii daj out Modi rate K .Kr., and b E winns nero next füllen lu with, and tho winds (,ciiorall> were from S E toN L. until crossing the equator on touruarv 29, in Ion lbDdeg f7min W,Ji dava out. lnlaLltideg 24 ni in is and Ion lüödec tl9iniu W tho chronometer stopped» and has not nor! ed since ¿rom tho equator to lit Uki eg S m In , s , and Ion 1 Cid eg 4Smlii >\ , the Omeo had moro baffling winds from b IC to «SL and IN , most!) from thu latter quarter, and hard »quails wcro frequent At 4 p in on the Uth ult, tho Omeo passed three miles to leeward of Natani Island In tho directory the Island is tald to bo unln habited, but Captain Anthon) saw a number of houses on tito w ta si lu of it. On tlio 13tb ult, a course was shaped betwetu tho l-ijl and tonca groupi Letto Island bein,; passed at d a in and Taiotia Island atti pin on tho «amu date I* rom 1 iji Islaudri to tat J&ltg; 42min ^ , and lou 172dcL. «Urnln h the winds nero from N E. and K and Ibu trades were very poor all t h rou ¿li The o til) da) s work from which am sviUfnction could bo derived waa in the .4 hourn from tho .1st tilt to the .2nd ult, when the first and only Fteadj ninda from 1 bb Billie leaving Lurekautru fallen In with On thntda) thtOmtonin 45 mitts Ihewlndsatai \ other timo wctut-cldom from the same point lor four con secutlve hourn and the pat ii nu. of master and trun was trie I borcl) Montague Uland Uc,ht, be-vrmg W ~ W fc0 milts dlhtint wusbii,! ud at sp ni on the dist nH. on tho Gbth dav out All Utrouth that night and until 10 u m , ihu win) Hen a honliug ¿.ale ami alonu with the wind there nts a hcn<) cross se» One hui,e nive, UI o a wall of vvalir, brokoashUh a^ the malm ard rieht alongside thu vesHil aui tided the tuo hudson the brldtt itnl-ia tore tin Iron i)tbolts out of the deck but with this ihu daunuo cn ltd Ca] tain Anthon) san tills búa llalli;;, aid gave tim natch titnclv uirniuu totlttr out of tlio na) Hi». Omeo after this waa betaluit 1 when 10 miles N L. of (» ü« Inland and on the remainder of the pvn vveru ju-ituH fcKlcnml tiuocrtiln uithi) hat been privimi-dv Hawing a galu ut tunes from ^ \\\ ant then falling Ü.ht from Ml other |tointiof the toni} a^» 1 ort 1 hillip Iliads wirti entered on tht 7th lust. rill-- BlaeUuall hntr Curliulu Lasite lur London, with pus-cu^eni and car^o was toned from thu bav vtstcrdav morulna b) the »le mitr Falcon Tliushi| ii In fine trim ft r thu run home au i L-tptaln low (htltlpates makliit, a t,e>od pas-^vc Ihu tari I M1 u tu. tie uluiretl the Heads ut - p in )cstcrdiv lm. Dagmar a Danish bri. width cot up lo the nut borage on biturdny, is from Mauritius ulth i liirpo of augur llio bri., calle 1 from 1 ort Lo tH on the 1st ut, anl hal houthirl) winds at leaving Ihcau shifted round wester!) as sotHhiiu. was ma le Hie lasting was run down in the ¡mallei of ¡0Jde" with motkrato bnt/is from à \\\ to SW but uiostlv íroi i the N \\\ quarter Thu wind Ireshcnt I at time« uidthcrt maa hUli Beinlwi)g the litter from S.W and fas \\\ The hi ii) btáa otca-slonally hrolaoitrthe bri}, nilli "re it violente an I thu did u were frequently flood ii! Hie lontitiulu if taj u Li nulli was truhsed on tht Mh ult in lat llde" S., md nlttr | illili, tim uitridian of 1 ,>dt" h, in tat 40dtw Mmln S , oil thuJOtU tilt the whitsweio mo^tl) from N and S L, au I of mo lento force tape Otwn) was mad* at IO pin on the Hi Hist , euteicd al ' on tho tith Ú the Heads intt. Tint 8 8 «Nemctis from NowcaMle, tleired tim .Nobbies at Cib pin on the 1 h lniL.ntid uitirt I lort (hillip Heads at G.40 a m on the 7th InsL, the bl) bilng reached atfD «10 a.11 [f-tom \\\ i son s I ro inontor) until arrival tht win 1 blew a fash t,alt from b W and then was -, rlslnt. »on Tilh nu Wendourie loft b)dncv at I * JO p ni, anl cleared ^ilmi) lle-vds ut ISO pm on the Mli lust lort 1 billin Htud« were tnuitd at - 15 I i. ID un ¿¡aturda) trout nlthln 00 milis N L. of I Wilson« 1 rumen tor) strong W 3,1. winds woro cn conn «red j iiiK Ho ron co blllott, front Penguin Creel, Tos J lunilla with a carno oí uUcKnood lo.i ami pallin.a, loft on tho 4th Inst, and entered the Heads at 4 SO p ni on tho 7t!i hist Ti.v schooner Martha, with lurk, maize, A.c. loft tho Lakes Entrance on tho Suth ult, nnd had to shelter under Rabbit la laud from tho ¿rd to tho HU i nat TUT fitenmBhlp Gulf of Venice fin'shed discharge of horcariro for this port on faaturdij and kit in tho couracof (hodnj forMdncj with tho balance of her freight She pibsid tho Promontory at a quarter to ü o olocle j tsterdav morning Tin steamers tt arrobo and Ilurrumhect for S> dncv, I indus for ¿Newcastle, and Man-frana! for Hobart, left tbuba) on toaturdav Hie nu Titus flailed ¿eater da} THE torque G 17 Vtappaus'has been talton up tho river to lind lur cargo of timber Tur schooner Uanda Nie ha» boon toned doun tho river to the buy, after dKchiirure of carno lura s iCatooniba from S\dnL\, passed Wilson's Promontory }e¡>torda\ afternoon lm EL» Julia Port} UftV.arrii'imbool at 7pm on tho Oth inst, and arrived at Port Melbourne at 9 a.m on aturda. TUP as 1-iado, from Newcastle, armed in Corio Baj on featurdaj evening liirs-s Uiinlnjont' cleared Sydney Heads at 1 JO pin on the Oth lust, and entered Port Phillip Heids at2iJ&pni; jestcrdaj, arriving otT \\\iulaui8towii at C SO [Mil Tim s a TugliaicrroIi.ffcKcwcaaUeat7a.nl on tho 4th, and entered Port Phillip at 4 45 n.m on tho 7th ' Inr a E Southern Cross left tho Moracy at 1 40 p in on tho 7th inst, Emu liav at ti p ni, Circular ilead at 2 a m , and entered Port Phillip Heads at 4 10 pin )csterda>. arriving at the wharf at S p in 1 UP s s Casino loft PortTairyon Saturday nicht. and arrived at South V>harf jesterdaj afternoon TUE n.arss ROSETTA. Tho U.MSS Rosetta from London, with mai Ii, passengers, and car¿o, arrived in tho bri) nt an early nour on Saturday morning On boin.: cleared inw ard by Mr T D Hammond, senior immigration ofllccr, tho Itosotta was taken alongside the railwtj pier. Williamstown, io land passengers and discharge cargo A special train wii in waiting for tin. con \cjanca of passctucrs to Melbourne 1 ully four years have elapsed alncc the Rosetta* kr>t vi*it to Australia, and during that period she has shared in thu genenl inirch of Improvement. Tho second saloon accommodation has been mod embed and uilurncd and the electric light has bcon installe I all o. cr the \ ciscl The alteration s in tho second saloon have been of quite aa thorough a character al those which have boen effectel on tho larger steamships of the tlect The turntfhinc and appointments arc on a liberal seile Pianos and punkahs ore pro. ¡dal und tho smoking room Is an ina» ilution of ltsi.lt The bathrooms and h\ atorics havo unrterirono n thorough rev islon, anil passen-rorcoinfort oven In símil thina-i has bein made a stud* Tho Itosotta haï bLen doíiu ff^od service on tho India and China route, and during the th reite ned complications with Russia some time n"o the was takenup and fitted out as an annul cruiser Mu. «an under the Ad mil al à orders on the lion,,' kouj. station, md was considcroJ one of tho handlist mid most reliable craft for the work for which shu was selected Captain Brady, n ho has been st\ yeirs in command of Die li ose t ta, was proud of the distinction conferred on his vessel, nnd ne I cpt her well up to tho man of war mark in so far as appearance and disciplino wcro con u.r»cd The Konetta is une of the smallest sized of the P and 0 Co'a boats on tho Australian line, but she possie «a tho requisite speed for tho new mall sir vi ce She was thom: tit a Rood deal of on the India and China line, and the pas- enj*era who have como out b> her on thin occasion havo expressed them selves as altogether well pleased with the vessel herself, and with tho comtoiy and attcn Mon flhown them by Captain brad) and his ollieera The provisioning and attendance mjdf>r the direction of Mr John Kin?, stonard in chnrßc, wiro also spoken of most favourable Life on braid was rendered aa pleasant os posible b¿ vurlut¿ cntcitainincriti athlctia sport«, music, daucint;, A,c The variety entertainments woro \\.\\\ei\ bv members of tho ships tompanv, who havo had something of a musical training The omi era with Captain Uraoy on this vovisro are Messrs Gordon (chief* Jlajw-ud, Ilarth"pe, IS otic), and Williamson Mr ¡stephens in chief cncinccr, and Dr darley Is mcdicil ofllccr Tho Itosetta tool her departure from fxmdon on Pcbtuary 2:t, and had anj tiling but a ploasant time of It coiuinj down tho Channel willi sov ireh vvlulr¿, wot, and windy weather Once out ot the Channel, there was a marked improvement Gibraltar was reached on t'obruary 27, and ilaltacntho 2nd ult. On the run from Malta to Drindlsi, the Itosotta was overtaken by a veo heavy gale from is N E, which raised a Illili tumultuous sea Shu bchavod hand souiel}, howcv cr, and the passonpers travo her an excellent chu rae ter as a scaboat, Brin dial was rcathnd on tho 4th ult, and aftor re cclvlnsr. tho Indh { h ina, and Australian malls tho Rosetta left on the üth ult, In company with the 1 M S S. Nizam, cirri Inn the Ecypthn mall* Tile Hosctta arrived at Port bald on the morning of tho Stn ulL,andttie canul wa* entered the same daj The pismc of the canal was effoetcd at nijht b> aid of the steamer s own electric liirht but there was a short detention dunn? the triant in consequence of an un usuallv strong current running Iho Itosotta anchored at Suez on til o 'Jth ult and after tranifcrrin¡; thu mills for India to the 11 M a *. At>nm, ll"ht winds at d ft cool atmosphere helped io make the pa«ia"'c of the [ted hcv agreeable and 4dcn was reached on thn 1 ith ult, Ihuico the Konetta, proceeded to Cclmnbo, and had favourable winds and weather until arrival there on the -Oth tilt After truuship ment of mails to tho UMbb Uvdaspes and ta-tini; In toil, htorts A.c., bho left for Aus tralii at midnight the eirnu date, and had lir'ht trad o v, índ-j and fine weither m tho Indian Ocean There- was a Ion,, bouth wester)) swell on puslnir Capo Lcuwln Altiau>, \\\ A. wia reached on the 1st liiut, and the voyage was resumed sanio date tresh to modcratu eastirlv wmdd pre valhd across thu Great Australian Ili"ht and the 1 îosetta. arrived oh" tho Semaphore, Pott Adelaide, at 4 p m on tho 4th inst After landing uiaiN, jms mciver«, Ac , tho voja"e. was reíumid nt 0 a m on the £>lh inst, and Copi Otv\a> was passed at 0 40p in ou 1 ridiij Thu Uo«otta will liav o for bv dni> acord in«- to acfvcrtlscmcnt. 