SHIPPING. ARRIVALS. May 23. BURWAH, s., 700 tons, Captain W. Ellis, from llockliiuuplau. Passengers : Mesdames Leishman, B. S. Wilson, in. Shiptor, V. Hyde, ima Gale, Misses Jlimrinson, Mollie, Wilson, L. Wilson, O. Leishman, L. Ix>falimaii, Lndd, Messrs. fountain, 0. Date, A. M. Thomas, W. D uko. Lucy-, T. Coolie, Thom. Hyde, A. Hyde, J. Hurley, Gale, A. Dowling, LoUluimu, Hakes, EUUon, A. Ponton, Muster Leishman, and 23 in the steerage. W. Howard Smith and Sons, Limited, agents, . May 23. CULGOA, s., 63 tons, Captain A. Goodall, from Noosa. Passengers Mrs Schattling, Miss Scltattllnn;, Messrs. T. Griffiths, C. SchnVtlimr, A. Crate, Wilkinson, Master BehaUUng-, and 9 in the steerage. McGhie, Luya, and Co., agents. DEPARTURES. May 23. LADY MUSGRAVE, s., 160 tons, Captain W. J. Collin, for Bundaberg-. Passengers 6 Messrs. W. Dixon, J. Warren, 0. Harrison, Gillies, T. Crowe, E. Crowe, J. Burns, Phovin, und -1 in the steerage. W. Collin, agent. Piton MORETON BAY. May. 22.-STIRLINGitUHJä, barque, 1224 tons. Captain R. Alexander, for New Caledonia, in sand ballast. Barker and Co., agents. ENTERED INWARDS. May 23. MAY FLOWER, schooner, 83 tons, Captain C. Hansen, from Nambucca with timber. The South Brisbane Saw-mill Company, agents, Slay 23. SCOOT, s., 62 tons, Captain Walter Graham, from the Brunswick River with timber. The South Brisbane Saw-mill Company, agents, CLEARED. May 23. HERBERT, a., lull tons, Captain G. M. Jackson, for Launceston, with 270 bags sugar and 60 buys many. Aplin, Brown, and Co., agents. May 23. SCOUT, s., 63 tons, Captain W. Graham, for the. Brunswick River, with 1 bags potatoes, 1 four unions, 4 brigs chaff', a bag corn, 1 bag bran, and sundries. The South Brisbane Saw-mill Company, agents. IMPORTS. (A special charge made on consignees' announcements inserted in this column.) May Flower, schooner, from Nambucca : 1200 palings, 22,918 superficial feet rough hardwood. Scout, s., from the Brunswick River: 29 logs timber, STEAMERS DUE. From Sydney. Konoowarra to-night or early to-morrow morning and Cintra to- morrow, From Cooktown, via intermediate ports. Warrego to-day. From Rockhampton, via ports Glanworth to-morrow evening. From Bundaberg and Maryborough Yaralla this morning. STEAMERS LEAVING. For Sydney, Burwah at noon and Warrego at 6 p m. to-morrow. For Maryborough and Rockhampton. - Konoowarra at 9 p.m. to-morrow. For Maryborough and Bundaberg-Yaralla at 3 xiii. to-morrow. SHIPPING MOVEMENTS. (JUBltNSLA.Nn. Aliconlary,barque,is still at Cooktown. Adonis, s., left Maryborough on Tuesday, and arrived at Noosa at 11.30 a.m. yesterday. Archimedes, schooner, is still at Mackay. Agnes, schooner, left Townsville last Friday week or Maryborough. Ariel, labour schooner, is now at Bundaberg. Barcoo, s., from Brisbane, probably left Townsville yesterday afternoon, and is due at Cooktown to-morrow morning. She leaves on Saturday morning on her roturn trip. Balmain, s., for Townsville, via ports, was due in Maryborough yesterday afternoon, and probably left in the evening. Barrabool, s., for Melbourne, is due in Sydney to-day and leaves on Saturday. Birks- gate, s., for Thursday Island and Normanton, left Cooktown at 3.30 p.m. on Tuesday. Burwah, St arrived here last night from liookhuuiptoii and Maryborough, and leaves at noon to-morrow for Sydney. Bessie Maud, schooner, from Mackay, anchored in the Brisbane roadstead at Sale p.m. on Tuesday, and was rowed up the river by the steamer- Mystery yesterday afternoon. Bulgarry, barque, is still at Kimberley. Borough Belle, schooner, is still at Mackay. Borilla, schooner, arrived at Kimberley on Tuesday morning from Brisbane. City of Melbourne, a is still import Corea, s., is due at Townsville to-morrow from Brisbane. Coomba, ketch, is now on her way from Townsville for Maryborough. Culgoa, s., aimed hoioyostordiiy morning from Noosa Clansman, brigantine, is still in port. Catterthun, E and A Company's s , from Sydney for Hongkong, via ports, left Cooktown fast Thursday evening Crinoline, schooner is now in Maryborough 6 Walker, schooner, is now at Townsville. Cintra, s, from Melbourne, left Sydney at noon j ester day, and is due here to-morrow. She leaves at 2 p in on Saturday for Cooktown, via port Is. Derwent, s left Townsville at 150 pm, on Tuesday for Brisbane, reports, and was due off! Flat-top Island yesterday Duke, si schooner, is still at Cooktown. Doon, barque, left Townsville yesterday week, bound North. Duke of Buccleuch, B I.S N Company's supplementary steamer, from London, via ports, for Brisbane, left Flat-top Island at a.m. yesterday, and was due in Keppel Bay last night, Dancing Wave, schooner, arrived at Townsville last Thursday morning for Maryborough Elamang, s., for Cooktown, via ports, was due in Keppel Bay last evening Eurimbla, s probably left Melbourne yesterday for Cooktown, via ports, and is due in Sydney to morrow. Lamont, s., leaves Brisbane on Saturday afternoon for Rockhampton, via ports, Ellangowan, missionary steamer, left Cooktown on Thursday for Port Moresby. Fitzroy, s, for Rockhampton, arrived in Maryborough at midday yesterday, and probably left in the evening From/, schooner, me now at Cairns Friendship, schooner, left Mary borough Tuesday for Townsville Glanworth, s., left Rockhampton yesterday for Brisbane and Sydney, via ports, and is due in Bundaberg this morning. She should arrive here to-morrow evening. Ga/ollo,baiqun. is still at Tov nsville. Gifhu, schooner, is still at Cooktown Grace Darling, schooner, cleared at the Customs On Monday for Mackay with cargo. Gottliell, barque, for Sydney in ballast, cleared Cape Moreton last Tuesday week Guthrie, i is now in Sydney. Halley Bayley, schooner, for Normanton, was towed down the river by the steamer Mystery yesterday morning, and left the Bar at 12 30 pm, Helen, barque, left Adelaide last Tuesday week for Brisbane. Herbert, s,, denied at the Cisterns yesterday for Launceston, with cargo, and leaves this morning. Isle of Anglesea, barque, from Liverpool with a general cargo, is now discharging at Parbury, Lamb, and Co's wharf, Eagle-street. Jennie Scott, ketch, from Townsville, arrived in Maryborough on Monday. J. G. Kondio, schooner, from Nambucca with timber, was reported at the Customs on Tuesday. Kent, schooner, for Nambucca in ballast, was lying at anchor off the Pilot Station yesterday. Kenilworth, schooner, from Cooktown for Maryborough, left Flat-top Island at 7 a.m. on Saturday. Katoomba, s, from Cooktown for Brisbane, via ports, with the mails from the R.M.S. Quetta, arrived at Bowen at 8.30 a.m. yesterday, and was due off' Flat-top Maud last evening. Konoowarra, s., from Melbourne, left Sydney on Tuesday night, is due here early tomorrow morning, and leaves at 6 p.m. to-morrow for Maryborough and Rockhampton. Leura, s., probably left Melbourne yesterday for Brisbane, is due in Sydney to-morrow, and leaves on Saturday. Lavinia, schooner, is now at Mackay. Lady Musgrave, s., left yesterday afternoon for Bundaberg, where she) is due this evening. Maranoa, s., is now in Sydney. Mayflower, schooner, is now at Cooktown. May Queen, schooner, left Townsville on Saturday morning for Brisbane. Morning Light, schooner, is now in Bundaberg. Marion, schooner, left Townsville at 7 a.m. yesterday for Maryborough. Margarita, barque, is still in port. Mary Peverley, schooner, is still at Bundaberg. Moonta, schooner, arrived in Maryborough yesterday week from Townsville. Mabel White, schooner, left Townsville on Thursday last to load machinery at Baroota Creek for Bundaberg. May Flower, ketch, from Nambucca with timber, was reported at the Customs yesterday. Nellie, schooner, is still in port. Nairnshire, barque, from Glasgow, is now discharging at Messrs. Webster and Co.'s wharf, South Bris- bane. Nautilus, barque, left Townsville last | Thursday morning for the South Sea Islands. Parnell, schooner, is still at Townsville. Pendle Hill, schooner, is now on her way from Townsville to Sydney. Polly, s., from Rockhampton, reached Woody Loans at 12.16 p.m. yesterday, and was due in Maryborough in the evening. Quiraing, s., for Melbourne, is due in Sydney to-day, and leaves on Saturday. Quetta, B.I.S.N. Company's R.M.S., from London for Brisbane, via ports, with passengers, immigrants, and a general cargo, arrived in Cleveland Bay at 4 p.m. on Tuesday. Ranelagh, s., was due in Sydney yesterday, and leaves to-morrow for- Rockhampton, Rockton, s., left Sydney on Tuesday for Melbourne, where she is due to-day. Roma. B.I.S.N. Company's R.M.S. for London, via ports, left Cooktown onTuesday morning. Rodondo, s., for Melbourne, left Sydney on Tuesday. Silvery Wave, schooner, is now on her way from Townsville for Brisbane. Sarah Pile, schooner, is still at Townsville. Stirlingshire, ship, for New Caledonia in sand _ ballast, was towed to sea by the tug" Beaver on Tuesday night. Scottish Bard, barque, from London for Maryborough, with a general cargo, is still lying at anchor off the White Cliffs, Hervey Bay, Sir Henry, schooner, from Nambucca, with timber, was reported at the Customs on Monday. Sylvan, s., arrived in Rockhampton on Monday from Maryborough. Swinger, new. gunboat, left Brisbane yesterday for New Guinea. Tom Fisher, schooner, cleared at the Customs on Monday for Townsville, with cargo. Victoria, s. from Normanton for Brisbane, via ports, arrived at Cairns at midnight on Tuesday, and left at 4 a.m. yesterday. She was due off Townsville last night. Waratah, schooner, is now on her way from Townsville for Newcastle Warrego, s., from Cooktown, left Keppel Bay at 9 a.m. yesterday, and is due here to- day. She leaves at 3 p.m. to-morrow for Sydney and Melbourne. Wanganui, schooner, is now in port. Whaup, ketch, from Townsville, arrived in Maryborough on Monday. Western Star, schooner, is now bound from Sydney for Dungeness. You Yangs, s., is now in port. Yaralla, s., from Bundaberg, arrived in Maryborough yesterday morning, left shortly afterwards, unit is due here this morning. She leaves at 3 p.m. to-morrow on her return trip. Yeoman, s is now in Sydney. Ysabel, s., arrived at Cooktown on Thursday last from German New Guinea. iNTHnOOLOtfUX.. Adelaide, s., left Melbourne on Tuesday for Sydney, where she is due this evening. British Merchant, ship, arrived in Sydney on Tuesday from London, Easby, s., arrived in Melbourne yesterday morning from Newcastle. Glaucus, s., arrived in Melbourne QII Tuesday from Newcastle. Gambier, s., left Adelaide on Tuesday for Melbourne, where she is due this evening. Neptune, schooner, arrived in Sydney on Tuesday from Hamburg. Port Augusta, a., from London for Sydney, was due in Melbourne yesterday. South Australian, s., left Adelaide on Tuesday for Melbourne, where she is due this evening. Titus, s., left Melbourne on Tuesday for Newcastle Tagliaferro, s., arrived in Melbourne on Tuesday from No wastle. Valetta, P. and O. Company's lists., from London, via ports, left Melbourne on Tuesday, and is due in Sydney to-day. Wendouree, s., left Melbourne on Tuesday for Sydney, where she is due to-day. Captain Ellis reports that the Burwah, s., left Maryborough at 745 a.m. on the 23rd instant, crossed Wide Bay Bar at 0.20 pm., passed the Boat Buoy at 7 p.m., and arrived in Brisbane at 10.15 p.m. the same day. Experienced fresh south-east breeze and fine weather. WiuxK of THE MAJIISMNK.-" News was conveyed on the 9th instant by the steamer Taupo to Suva that the Dayspring, bound for Timaru and other ports of the New Hebrides group, had been lying at Aneityum Island weatherbound for fourteen days. JAMES. Raven, hence fium Northern Hebrides ports, reached Havannah Harbour and reported a hurricane as having swept over some of the islands ; also, the wrecks of the French vessel Idaho, of Ambrym, and the Queensland labour schooner Madeline, lost near the mission station, Tougoa. No lives were lost in either case. The hull of the Madeline was sold to the missionary at Tongoa for here. The Raven awaits the arrival of the war vessel Diamond, from Norfolk Island, when they will both proceed to Poutocost Island.' '-to. Jlf. Jleratd. Tho Madeline, which has been engaged in the South Sea Island labour traffic for the past six years or so, was owned by a syndicate in Maryborough. She was a wooden vessel of 15 tons, measuring 3-5th. in length by 29ft. beam and 165ft, depth of hold, and was built in Falmouth in 1860. She was registered in Brisbane in 1882, and was then the property of Mr-. James M'Milhiu. VESSELS TO ARRIVE -MAY 23. Alexandra, ship, 1362 tons, from London, for Brisbane. Sailed UthFobiuary. subsequently put into Madeira disabled and returned to London to roll. Ardmore, ship, 1002 tons, from London, for Brisbane. boiled 12th March, and left Start Point on the 10th Burns, Philp, and Co., agents. Aiuuluiu Kodolla, Austrian barque, 800 tons, from London for Brisbane. Sailed 7th March, and anchored off Dover on the Dis, looking. in Portland Roads 15th Murch, Barunga, barque, 300 tons, from Liverpool for Brisb mo. Sailed 17th March. Bertha, German barque, 887 tons, from New York for Brisbane Sailed List March. Quinlan, Gray, and Co., Limited, agents. Charles Bal, Norwegian barque, 721 tons, from Puget Sound for Townsville. Loading in Milich. Clan M'Leod, b u quo, 671 tons, from New York for Brisbane. To sail 20th March. Chili, barque, 678 tons, from London, for Cairns, Sailed 8th 1 obituary, and was spoken on the 25th February in lat. 25deg. N., and long. 29deg W. Duke of Buccleuch, B.I.S.N. Company's s, 104/ tons, from London for Brisbane, via ports. S niau 22nd March, and left Suez on the Dili April. Now coming down the Queensland coast. The B.I. and Q A. Company, Limited, managing agents. Dorunda, B.I S.N. Company's ARLINE , from London for Brisbane, via ports. Sailed 2nd May. The B.l. and Q A. Company, Limited, managing agents . Duke of Sutherland, B 1 S.N. Company's supplementary steamer, 2034 tons, from London for Brisbane, via ports. Sallad 17th April, via Suez 3rd May. The B I. and Q.A. Company, Limited, managing agents Electra, ship, 668 tons, from 61 is go for Brisbane. sailed 17th March. Messrs. li. L. Brown and Co., agents. Francisco GottiBSO, barque, 427 tons, from Glasgow, for Brisbane, Sailed 22nd February, Messrs. D. L. Brown and Co., agents.. Glenrosa, ship, his tons, from London for Brisbane. Sailed on the 26th March, and anchored in the Downs on the 26th, thence 27th. Glenhuntly, barque, 317 tons, from New York for Brisbane. To Hull 20th April. Gryfe, ship, 1069 tons, from Glasgow, for Brisbane. Sailed prior to 10th April. Messrs. D L. Brown and Co., agents Guyana, barque, 693 tons, from London for Townsville. Loading on the 30th March. Heinrich Bauer, German ship, 571 tons, from Hamburg for Brisbane. Loading 17th February. lone, barque, 620 tons, from London, for Townsville. Sailed on the 21st March. Iron Crag, barque, 327 tons, iron London for Brisbane. Sailed 17th Murch. Messrs. Parbury. Lamb, and Co., agents. Ladstock, barque, 819 tons, from London for Brisbane. Sailed 31st March. Quinlan, Gray, and Co., agents. Lake Simcoe, barque, 331 tons, from London, for Mackay. Sailed on the 25th February, and passed Deal on the 25th. Low Wood, American barque, 400 tons, from New York for Brisbane, via Adelaide. Cleared 30th March. Wallace, Warren, and Co., agents. La Fiducia, barque, from New York, for Brisbane. Parbury, Lamb, and Co., agents. Murgarothu, German barque, 747 tons, from London for Rockhampton. Sailed prior to the 17th April. Oamaru, brigantine, 100 tons, from Auckland for Brisbane, sailed 15th April. Orion, German barque, 300 tons, from Ham- ' burg, for Brisbane. Sailed 3rd April. Messrs. D. L. Brown and Co., agents. Orange Grove, barque, 385 tons, Captain Gruuikio, from Port Pirie for Brisbane, Sailed 2nd May. The Adelaide Milling and Mercantile Company, Limited, agents, Peru, barque, 683 tons, from London for Brisbane, sailed prior to the 15th April. Quotta, B.I.S.N Company's RMS., from London, for Brisbane, via ports. Sailed on the Gin April, via Port Said 17th April. Nowcomnig down the Queensland coast. The B.I. and Q.A, Company, Limited, managing agents. Remus, barque, 737 tons, from Liverpool, for Brisbane. Sailed 3rd February, but put into Fal mouth on the Dili February with her main pumps disabled. Spoken on the 17th February in Lat 38deg. N and long, 35deg. W. Quinlan, Gray! and Co., agents. Remonstrunt, barque, 1945 tons, from Maryport for Maryborough. To sail 10th April. Renfrewshire, ship, 898 tons, from Glasgow for Brisbane. To sail 30th April. River Indus, ship, 1919 tons, from Liverpool, for Brisbane. To sail 16th April. Parbury, Lamb, and Co., agents. Scottish Admiral, ship, 939 tons, from Glasgow, for Brisbane. 'Sailed 'Mrs February, and left Greenock on the 24th. Spoken on the 15th March in lat. 41deg. N., and long. 23deg. W. Messrs. D. L. Brown and Co., agents. Snefrid, Norwegian barque, 620 tons, from Boston, for Brisbane. Sailed 23rd February. Scottish Tjiuuio chairman. 852 tons, from London, for Maryborough. Sailed 3rd March, and was at Plymouth on the 6th March, thence 13th. Shalimar, barque, 983 tons, from London for Brisbane, sailed prior to the 17th April. AA'achusotfc, American ship, lola tops, from New York, for Brisbane. To Boil 18th February. Wave Queen, barque, 233 tons, from London for Brisbane. To sail 25th April Willie McLaren, barque, out) tons, Captain W. Laidman, from Puget Sound for Normanton. Loading 1st April. Burns, Philp, and Co., agents. VESSELS IN HARBOUR. MAY 23. Balcarry, barque, 491 tons, from London at Normanton, Burns, Philp, and Co., agents. Clansman, brigantine, 167 tons, Captain Mattheson, from Auckland, via the Thames. Faulkiner, Reynolds, and Co., agents. Clyde, barque, 320 tons, from Glasgow; at Mackay. Flora, schooner, 40 tons, from the South Sea Islands, via Mackay. Parbury, Lamb, and Co., agents. Gazelle, barque, 336 tons, Captain F. Munro, from London at Townsville. Burns, Philp, and Co., agents. 11 alloy Bayley, schooner, 113 tons, Captain H. D. Bezer, from Hobart. Messrs. A. Shaw and Co., agents. Isle of Anglesea, barque, 725 tons, from Liverpool. Parbury, Lamb, and Co., agents. J. G. Kondio, schooner, Captain Charles Bruce, from Nambucca. Margarita, barque, 799 tons, from Port Gamble. James Campbell and Sons, agents. Mayflower, schooner, 53 tons, Captain Charles 0\. Hansen, from Nambucca. The South Brisbane Saw-mill Company, agents. Nairnshire, ship, JUN tons, from Glasgow. D. L. Brown and Co., agents. Nellie, brig, 231 tons, Captain Charles Scott, from Townsville, via Marble Island. Wallace and Welsby, agents. Para, brig, 252 tons, Captain William Forbes, for the South Sea Islands. Scottish Bard, barque, 816 Long, from London at Maryborough. Stirlingshire, ship, 1224 tons, Captain Robert Alexander, for New Caledonia. Barker and Co., agents. Sir Henry, schooner, 95 tons. Captain John Baird, from Nambucca River (N.S.W.). J. H. Maynard, agent.. The Queen, schooner, 72 tons. Captain J. P. Smith, from Port Macquarie. White and Brennan, agents. Vordaudi, Danish schooner, 229 tons, Captain F. Dwyer, from London at Cooktown. Burns, Philp, and Co., agents. AVaugauui, schooner, 78 tons, Captain James Duncan, from Townsville, via Marble Island. Zauruk, Norwegian barque, 595 tons, from New York. Aplin, Brown, and Co., agents. SHIP MAILS. Mails will be mails up and closed at the General Post-Office as under: THURSDAY ISLAND, Pom DAEWIK, Euro Hosa KONJ.-Per Tsinan, s., at 11.15 rain. to-morrow (Friday). MAEYDOJtouair, GYMPIE, O.VK-jrxus, AND RUNS DABERG-Per Konoowarra, s., at 5.15 p.m. to-morrow (Friday). GLADSTONE, ROOKUAItrXON, AND NORTHERN PORTS for Cintra,s.,ut 11.10 a.m. on Saturday. BuNDAiiEKa, MAHïDoiiouan, GYMPIE, ONE MILE, CLAUSON;, AND lvOCKUAJLWW.-Pox Egmont, s., at 2.15 p.m. on Saturday. 