AMERICAN NOTES. Writing from New York on the 19th August a correspondent of the Sydney Morn- ing Herald s«yt : The "raft fiend"-the great Joggina-bas carried out his fell purpose, and even at the risk of wrecking the entire transatlantic fleet, bas succeeded in bringing his huge ship of logB from Nova Scotia safely to New York, Last year, as will be remembered, a first monster raft went to pieces in a storm, and its owners lost 30,000 dois while three sail- ing ships were wrecked by coming in contact with the floating wreck, and tho tiovernment and the Hoard of Underwriter were put to heavy expense in sending out tugs to gather up the logs. Everyone said then that legisla- tion must be at once secured both in Canada and the United States to make a repetition of snob an attempt illegal. But, as often hap- pens in such cases, ncthing was done, and so Joggina quietly built up a new improved monster and launohed it amid many loud ories of alarm and terror. Luckily, it bas come safely to port, thanks to fair weather and a happy aeries of fortunate acci- dents, and we can breathe freely again for another year, lt is composed of 21,300 sticks, and the profit on the venture will be about 60,000 dollars. It is hardly likely that the insurance people will be caught napping a second time, and long before the opening of next season the Joggina' idea will be sup pressed by appropriate solemn acta of the Dominion Parliament and the Washington Congress. We have had another awful steamship disaster-a collision in mid-ooean iietween the two ships which compose the fleet of the Danish mail line, known UB the Thingvulla Steamship Company, to this city. Each line now bas its owu ocean lane marked out on the chart, and so it is not after all so very wonderful that within a few years it should happen alike to the White Star and the Thint valla line that their vessels should run into each other. In thia last case there was no fog, and the vessels sighted each other when they were yet two miles apart. Instead of at ouce by signal laying out a proper course, both ship« kept on until it was plain that they would oome together, and then by a blunder they each changed their helm so that one crashed full Into the engine compartment of the other. In less than five minutes the injured ship went down to the bottom, drowning 120 out of about 160 passengers and orew. The other veaael carried nearly 600 immigrants, and waa so badly in- jured about the bow that it would certainly have gone down too in heavy weather. In the nick of time, however, a German steamer came by and took off all but the crew, and then the disabled vessel, by back- ing stern first, managed to get into Hali- fax which was only about 120 miles away. Thia disaster will give new meaning to tbe international congress soon to convene fur the purpote of arranging a better code of ocean signalling, and of imposing penalties upon captains who persist (as ie commonly dooe now from mere id ie vanity) in keeping on an original course even when it is plai'i that a change must be made in a few seconds to avert a collidion. The commercial situation has been greatly strengthened hy the apparently authentic reports of bad crops in most parts of Europe. Our own crop will be ¡» fairly good one, und a strong Market for the surplus Will raise the geDeral scale of prices of all produce very materially. If wheat ouce more commanded a dollar a bushel at Chicago, tile farmers would have plenty of mouey to spend ou pianos aud fine raiment, and other f ormB of riotous living, and the general conditiun of trade would be enormously improved. Sober business men pre- dict that thia is sure to come before the end of the year, and thuu wo aimil certaioly have a "bnnm." The speculators in stockB have ..discounted." tho improvement by putting up thc prices of securities to what they would really bc worth if these sanguine prophecies had been already realised ; but thcro is no stock gambling fever amoug the general | ublic aud BO there is uo danger of a panic, even if prices should falldown atain as rapidly as they have gone up. The election, of sourse. inter- feres seriously with all enterprise that are not yt-t well e.-tablished. Many new lines of rail- road will 1» vigorously pusned on as soou as it is definitely knoan whether thc rails to build them must be bought herc at American prices or call he got from K 'rope without paying the present heavy duly. Meanwhile m.iiy foundries and nulls alni factories of all kicnti are obliged to work on sh n t lime or baie even closed up altogether. Thc Chicago ? oiling mille discharged 1500 men only tim e days ago, and at Fall River 3000 cotton mill bande have been within a week "suspended." The Democrats say that this is a species of intimidation on the part of Republican manu- facturers, but thc workmen affected are by no means satisfied with thia explanation, and j seem inclined to say that if they were in the place of the employer they would act in much the «ame fashion. I All who can afford it are away at the Bea" side, or in the mountains. U ithin the past few years a successful effort has been made to appropriate some part of the time thus sacrificed to the summer heats to useful pur- suits. Of course, from time immemorial, every well conducted person has- gone to the > country with a good stock of solid reading in his trunk ; but experience has shown that such books ¡have bad a ead tendency to remain unopened. But about a dozen yean ago, Agassiz «tarted the famous Summer Sohool of Natural History, and this was followed by Aloott'e almost equally famous School of Philosophy. Tho plan in each case was to carry students through a special summer course, and the results were favourable beyond the mott sanguine expectations. Then the reli- gious people took up the idea, and founded at (Greenwood Lake, in combination with a camp meeting, nf a prolonged type, a Summer School of Christian Theology. And then, at another large lake, Chatauqua, there came a yet fuller developmeut of the project. A summer university was here established, at which the moBt eminent professors in most branches of human learning, gave six weeks' courses nf lectures. Any young man or woman with a weakness for se { culture and a few weeks to spare could thus pay a small sum and drink in tull draughts of -aoscrit or Anglo Saxon of the higher mathematica. An ar rangement was perfected by which the studies thus begun could be prosecuted by corres pondence duriug the remainder , of the year, with now and then a general isBUe of examina- tion papers and an award of prizes. Every evening at Chatauqua during the season there is a sermon or lecture by some eminent divine or orator, and there is also plenty of good music. Of course the net results at- tained are of a very mixed character. The ambitious country boy, who comes with the full purpose of learning to read the Iliad in the original in bis six weeks of college, often goes home taking little more than the Greek alphabet with which to astonish his neighbours and kinsmen ; but every now and then a student ¡B produced in whom a genuine thirst for knowledge ie awakened. So profitable to its promoters was the first ."Chatauqua Assembly," that it bas found imitators all over the Union, Ohio, Georgia, New Jersey, and a dozen other States, each has now its own "Chatauqua," and all these together have in common a journal devoted exclusively to the development of tho " Chatauqua idea." Perhaps one of the best features of this system ie the laying down of a fixed course for the year of solid reading, both poetry and prose, with very handsome prizes for those who are declared by an examination to have profited beet by their studies. This class last year embraoed 10,000 ; and it ia certainly something gained that a leaven of healthy in- tellectual effort should thus be spread through strata of the community which was sadly in need of mental improvement. 