: TAELIAMENT. ', LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. , *"!? WEDNESDAY, JULY 4. | i The SPEAKER took the chait at half past i a clock COMPLAINT AGAINST A POLICE MAGISTRATE In reply to Mr HALL , Mr WRIXON said that Mr G D M Cor mick, P M., had been asked to famish a re port a* to why he caused the recent inquest na to the death of J Hen M Grath of Thoona to be held at Benalla instead of st the township of '1 boona where the death took place mr cm\rsr i\ TOWNS In reply to Mr VALP Mr GILL1FS said that no regulation could be framed to prevent Chínete already resident tri the colony from locatn g them «elves In the main afreets of cities towns and boroughs If snell a reculación were passed it could only apply to Chinese here after arriving in the colony Tur cENirLNMAi. i \iiiBiriONi ANO UÍL10I1C1 J Jn reply to Mr JOOHET ^ Mr (III Lil- S said-there liad recently been n lare,e increase in the police force of the metropolis mehi ling mounted troopi-rs in view ot the opening of the Centennial Lx lubitiou POLICL COURT Al JLRICHO In reply to Mr A. HARRIS Mr WRIXON said that the Law depart minc had not refused any application to open u monthly court at Jericho Gippsland Mr A H iRUlb said the department was asked some time ago to open a court at Jericho and the application wns then re fused on the ground that the business was not sufficient to warrant it J lie business had since increased and the application had been renewed Mr WRIXON promised to make further inquiries UNIFORMS Or lill Lr CORPa Mr M LLLL VNT naked the Premier it he would consider the advisability of supplying ill members of the Rifle Corps in country SiHtricts with their uniforms free of charpie . I ut in the event of any members ot the sum corps not serving for the term ot three j ears the cost of their unitorms tu be borne by them «vches Mr GlflllS said the members of the Mounted Killed received ii each ne a capita tion _runt winch was considered to recoup them tor such expenses us that of their uniform " he nile volunteers were only now deine, organise 1 and the Government hal bad no opp rtunttj ot judging ot the value of the rscrvtc s orot thcgrcatsucccsstheorguni bauen might meet w ith No dissatisfaction had however been expressed and 620 men liad already enrolled themselves in the loree i lie matter of uniform however was being further considered by the department which was willing to receive any expression ot opiniou on the matter (Hear hear ) am CUILIOVGAI DI NS AND anr LMlIlHilON In replj to Mr L. L SMITH Mr QILLI1 s sail he hal asked the Chief Secretar) s department to aacettum the opinion ot the 1 xhibition commissioners on the question of (.ranting to them the exclu Hive use of the whole ot the Carlton gardens (luring the c irrency of the 1 xhibition TRU1W YtS Al SANDIIUPSI In reply to Dr QUICE * Mr NIMMO saiitbat the joint application ot the cit) council of baudhurst and the borough of 1 aclehawk for authority to con struct tramw i) s was now un 1er the consi deration of the railway department The commissioners were unable to turnish a report at present but expected to do BO shortly and no further action could be taken by the Public Works department until auch report was received Mr BROW N said thereplj of the Minister seemed quite inappropriate lina was a matter of private enterprise Mr BURROW ]. S sai ! it was some months Bince application was made to the Govern ment for the permission desired A contract for the work had been entere I into and it was very necessary that it should be known 33 Boon as possible whether the Order in Council was to lSBue. Mr GILLIES said he would ascertain at once from the Railway Commissioners whether there was any objection on their part to the application being granted JOIN1 klOCk COMVAML^. Mr ¿0\ naked the Minister of Mines whether bia attention had beeu called to the recent decision of the Court of Appeal in j» üreat Britain in the case of Alla 1 Ile r jill inda and Jertlo Mu II I CO ipaij and whether in his opinion it was desirable for any legislation to be enacted on the subject 1 he matter was one in which all who were interested in joint stor-k comp tmes in this colony might be very much involve 1 Mr GILLII S said he lind read ti e report of the case in Jlr A «is and intended to ask the Attorney General for un opinion as to the legal aspect of the whole, question which the decision raised So far as he (Mr Gillies) ci uld form a judgment the decision did not ntiect no liability companies at nil Mr /0\ -Does it not affect limited hn bility companies ' Mr GILLIbS - It might affect some of thatcIosB -the great majority ot companies ** were under the no liability B)stem lhe whole question however would be referred to the Attorney General GA&OM1; n RS AND Gil DL1 s In reply to Mr L L bli ITH Mr WALKLRsaid that gasometers were not dntiablo under the present tariff nor were iron plates whether for girders < r any thing else. 1 he question of the adv isability or imposing duties u| on such articles could be dealt with when the turill propos ils came on for consideration \LRI\G S1A1I SCHOOI In reply to Mr A. HARRIS Mr PLAltbON said that a teacher hud been appointed for the Bt itc school nt \ ering (Munro) and would I rocecd thither m the course ot a few days. JUSlICLs Al \\\OC\ In renly to Air LANODON Mr A\ RIXOV saul the question ot mercas mg the number of justices of ti e peace at Avoca was receiving the consideration ot the Minister of Justice SAI h COURT IlObbl In reply to Mr A. HAIÍIIH Mr NIMMO said that as soon ns ti c sketch plans which hn 1 been submitted to the LnW department had been approved and returneJ the working drawings lor the erec tion of n new court house at bale would be 1 repare 1 It waa anttcipitel that tenders would be invited in two or three monbliB PLANUNG 1HI Ml SI Ml LBOUI NI SWAM1 In reply to Mr Innot Mr DOW said he Had instructed the con aervntor of 'orests to report upon the ques tion of planting the West Melbourne bwawp with cucaljptt Mr WOODS -Hie question is whether the trees will grow there A COMMim t, 01 1 ULLIG ACCOITN lb In reply to Mr GRAMS Mr (jILLIEbsail he di 1 not propose to submit any proposal ut piesent of the np pointmentofn committee of public accounts Mr 1 dward Langton had turnishc 1 him at bia request with n report on the subject an 1 he would take another opportunity ol la) mt before bon members the uselul Information which it contained RAILWAY CUNIRAClS Sir BR1AV OLOGHLLN asked the Mm st er of Railways whit were the amounts j aid to contractors before 1st Tuly in respect ot lines of railway not yet opened for trallic and the contract dates tor the completion ot sime Mr Gil Lil b said he woull lay a paper containing the information upon the table MISS STARKS CAfal Mr GAUNSON asked the Attorney General whether counsel s opinion had been t btained since the decision of the Supremo Lonrt in la .-our of Miss btark in her case aganiBt the Government upon the question ot an appeal to the Privy Council Mr WRIXON said he would be obliged it the hon member would give notice ot the guestion IA01LIT11S FOR WAR C0RRLS1UN DFNib. Mr I L SMI lit desiied to call atten tion to the question raised at tho pre vlous sitting of the Houso by the hon member for Dalhousie in regard to the right of war correspi ndentB to be present at the naval an i militar) evolutions now being performed by n portion of the forces It w is a proper act to call out the men. but the Minister for Defence ought not to have refused to allow a well accredited w rci rrc «pondent-a man of repute who had been employed by some of the leading London dailies-to visit the forts and the war ships 1 he reason given by the Minister of Defence tor declining to entertain Mr 1 hil Robin t) ni s application WHS that a« none of the re i resentalives ot the Melbourne press were to be allowed to go inside the forts such a right could not be conceded to him It was also said that a. only drill wa« being performed it wa* not desirable to permit visitors to enter fortifications or go ou board the souadrou '1 bia wa« the first time in the annale of Victoria that cone apondenta ot the preaa were not permitted to see drills which were being carried on at ex pense to the country When there was in the colony a man of auch exceptional quail ficationa aa Mr Phil Robinson, it waa a. pity that the colony should not nave had the benefit of hia experience. At the Crimean war, Dr Rugacll had achieved fame aa a war correspondent by pointing oat the defecta m the army Bervice, and at n later date Mr Robinson, in connection with a col league, had been instrumental m directing the atten tion of the Imperial Legislature to the in ferior weapons aerved out to the Imperial soldiers. Possibly the Minister of Defence might ha\e been afraid that he would arouse the jealousy of the Melbourne press if he con ceded to Mr Robinson a privilege which he had denied their representatives but it should be remembered that in every respect n war correspondent differed from a press re porter Hie presa reporter wna a mau who took down nil he Baw, but a war corre spondent was placed in bia i articular sphere because of Ina ability to fill it \\\ hen the immense sums of money winch lind been expended on the defences ot the colony were considered it would be recognised that it wns onl) proper that the colony should be able to use the services ot a man who waa able to publish throughout Furope the excellencies or deficiencies ot .our s)stem Mr SIAUGH10N - W hat ¡a the difference between a war correspondent and a news paper reporter' Mr L L SMITH- A war correspondent held very different rank to a press re porter He could be Hogged and drummed out of the army, and was liable to all penalties to which non combatants could be subjected In view of these facts it was to be hoped that in the future members of the press-war correspondents or otherwise would be permitted to MOW military opera tiona IheSPrAM li-The hon member has not concluded with a motion but on any future occasion when a member brings debatable matter before the House he must obey the rule and move a motion Mr blAUGHlOfi-Who is Mr Uni Robinson that he should have a preference over our own correspondents PJ riTION Mr LANGRIDG1 presented a petition from the Mercantile Titiance, Irusteea and Agency Company of Australia Limited pray wg for leave to introduce a bill to confer powert on the companj P VPI Kb The following papers wore lind on the table -Mr Saville kents report on the fisheries of the colony the annual report of the cluet inspector ot factories 1>RI\ I\G IN ALBI Rl PARK Sir BRYAN OLOGIIL1 V said that he would next week ask the Commissioner of 1 ubhe Works why rules had been framed ind assented to b) him which interfered with the privilege of the public to drive in Albert part inn GOVT RNORS sprrcn-run ADDKLbSIV RlPLi The debate an the motion foran address in I reply to the Governors »peech waa re autned the question betöre the Chair being an amendment moved b) bir Br)anO Lothlen in favour ot the Government introducing a I ailvvn) and a Loan Bill nistend of proceeding with the revision of the tariff or the amend roent of the electoral lnvv Mr Rl ID sai i that although the Chinese question had now been tbraahel out it waa nell that members sh uki give their opinion ot the action of the Government. IIis idea was that the action tal en was the proper one It was not difhcult to believe that the Opposition would have raised a great outcry it the Government nistend of doing na it bud done hud allowe 1 the Chinese by the Ailinn to land nn 1 had acccpti i the line which the master of the ship would have had to pay tor euro inn more thin the regulation number of passengers He heard the other day of a Chinese being encased as an articled clerk to a law)cr Ino lion member tor bouth Mel bourne would perhaps a une da) oe very much astonished at seeinc. a Mr Ching Chow II o on the bench of the buprcnie Court an 1 at having to address lum ns Ins Honour (Laughter) Hie Chinese question would then be brought home to the legal portion ot the coramunii) who would not tail to cry out against this malignant yellow agony (Hear, hear ) Mr GAliNSON -The) sing out ior pro tcction n" mist W renfordslcy at present Mr Rl ID-Hie Government had ex pressed its intention of introducing an Elec- toral Lill bindle electorates would be a Kieat benefit in the country districts but he did not 1 now whether they wonld be ot much benefit m the towns (Laughter ) Per sonally, he prcferre I to run with another member ti nu upon his own ' hool, for the simple reason til it it was cheaper to do BO As a matter of fact however, there were only threi or f ur districts in the colony re quiring extra representation (Opposition cheers ) 1 here might be one or two dis tr i'is which did not possess the lull comple tr cut of voters but this was no reason why they should he deprived ol a member for the uni e ot equalising' other electorates ot the colony Castlemaine for instance hail two members and a delicicuc) of voters In the course ot time however Castlemaine might again become a large gold district with an enormous population I he work which it was proposed should be undertaken by the local councils under the Metropolitan Board ol Works Bill ought to bo conducted by the Government If it coul I be Hhown however that there would be no friction over the mensure he should support it I ho hon member for Belfist ¡mi move 1 an amendment dealing with nil ways, it the hon member could have done better than the present Government in re »peet of the line to the northern Buburba, he woul 11 erhups alter hi« present views in re (.ard to the subject \\\ lien the hon member however was in olhce he did not even move ii linger in the direction of dom,, anything for the northern Bubuibs Mr Bl N I -llmt is in keeping with )our usual statements Mr 1 1 ID-1 ven the hon member for Colhngwool (Mr Lati"ndc_,e) when in ofhee in the Service Administration did not press for the hue Mr GUJNbON - W hv did )ou support linn in doing nothing (Laughter ) Mr KI ID -He did not support the line even now \\\ hat he w tilted to see waa a direct line to the norther» suburbs He did not wish in order to cet to 1 lt/ro) to be carried round to the /oological "ardens to see the wild blasts (I aughter ) Mr 1 ] II D -i ou said at n public meeting that if you did not gut the direct line)ou would cross tue lloor ot the House * Mr 1 HD-Hut wna BO and he would sa) it lu, nu It WISH monstrous thin" thnt the 1 it/roy district hud been lelt in the cold for so mun) )earn. Hie cockspur line vvasa wrctche I arrangement and)et there had been as much talk about it us there vvould have been over H new line to Adelaide coatinc, a million ot mont) (I lughtcr ) One thing for which he desired to (.ive the bon member ior liri Jiton credit w is his manly Bupport of his old ka 1er He had stuck to lum like a mau both through go jd report and evil report Mr I L SMIIII-lhere has been no evil rep irt. (Lnudiler ) Mr Rl ID-He admire 1 the lion member for Brighton loi his adherence to Ins oil leader but he coul I not admire the lion member tor Ilelf ist tor the tction he took in J ousting tho Munstr) ol which be (Mr Reid) w is a member si mo)ears ii"o (llear hear an 1 laucjitir ) 1 he lion merni er lor Bellitst was i lentiluu with Sir Grahim Berry in one Minlstt) and acted us I is Attorne) Oeneril It vvi i sud thit bet mae the lion member could not ,et his < wn wa) m re terence to a vote fir tho Roman;Catholic Behool» he und Sir Graham Berry quarrelled (1 aughter ) Mi ii f SMUH- No no 1 moved a vote ol wanto! confidence lirat, uud lost it bv live votes Mr Rl ID-Hie bon member need not kirl up such n row about it (Lmghterl Aicmberg would not look ut him tiny wanted aomething substantial (Laughter) 1 he action of the lion member for Brighton could be contrasted with that of the bon mi mbcr for Bullant. Could the lion member hu Belfast think font moment that a single Liberal on the Ministerial aide of tho House would walk over to his Bide When this vote waa taken Libérala should allow lum the estimation in which they held him Mr SHILLS sail that in conneclion with one paragraph ol the Governor a «peech lie would lil ti to express his deep sense of the treat national loss which not only I'uili i ment but the country had sustained in the death of Dr Hearn (Hear hear ) He noticed with the greatest delight that the Government nitende I to take up the de ceased gentleman s law codification scheme, a work which repaid the magnificent de votion of seven )cars of unweared unselfish, und «Ingle handed labour and denoted the pos session of talents sucli us lew men were en dowed with Mr Pi VKSON-Hear, hear Mr SHILIS-Hie deceased gentleman had worked for no return nor reward save the appreciation of lila countrymen and the great nun of many years of ins life latterly waa that he should live to see the day when the fruits of Ina labour should Income law Death took him off just when his rewurd waa in sight but bia work would ever remain nn imperishabk monument to the superb courriLe with which he undertook something which hud never been attempted bitore in the Australian colonies or the bngllah dominions lhe Government had expert eoced the pleasure ol a long rtceis, but must have lelt a little soreness in connection with the complete breakdown ot the Licensing Act, over which they cut such extraordinary capers last session 'Hie Government had also been troubled with successful lawsuits by teachers deprived of their rights, ard threatened with actions from aliens im prisoned without warrant and quarantined without disease. They had had their feelings a little strained by naughty colleagues, who had given to favourite journals lists ot mngistrates and other pieces of newB and who could no more keep state Becrets than a sieve could hold water or a lady refrain from retailing n choice morsel of delicate scandal (Laughter ) The 1 reasurcr had been blessed with an overflowing treasury, which, how ever, seemed to have been anticipated by the Inhibition Commissioners who, instead ot limiting their expenditure to ¿20 000 the sum which had been mentioned by the Chict Secretar), had made themselves responsible for something like a quarter of a million, or £100000 With such a surplus us the tren surer had an opportunity wasoflorded htm ot husbanding the colon) H resources, mid pre paring for times of depression which must inevitably enano upou the period of nu exnmpled prospent) which the colonv was no« passing through There was at present n mad whirl ot speculation for which there was no justification Mr RFID-I wonder jou stop m the place (Laughter ) Mr S1IITLS -Now was the time for a wise Government to do what had been recom mended by the Tariff Commission-to re adjust taxation, and take from the shoulders of the poorer classes the burdens imposed on them Unlike the hon member for Belfast he thought that the Government was well fitted to undertake the task of tariff reform, and that the answer made by the hon member for Collingwood (Mr Teild) was a conclusive reply to the lion member for Belfast He would like to see a reason able compromise come to between opposing sections in regard to the fiscal policy Ihe work ot those gentlemen ot the Tariff Commission who had given their time, in dustry, and talents to a consideration of the question, und who sat month after month for nearly two years, ought to have received attention before this It WBS now the duty of the Government to ask l'arlin ment to say whether it had acted wisely m imposing the land tax. On the whole he approved of the principle ot a land tax. lhere was no commodity which was so fitted to bear burdens, and upon which burdens could be so legitimately cast, as the land It was a posses siou which differed from all others. It came from no work of our own, it was the gift of Providence, and man could neither diminish it nor increase it Therefore a land tax was one of the fairest of all taxes, and one which should be first imposed But the land tax now on the statute book was a most stupendous monument of folly, and an odious piece of class legislation It's prin ciple was wholly unsound (Hear, hear ) There could be only one sensible and just form of land taxation, and that was the form which had been adopted by New South Wales and South Australia. The only basis for a sound land tax was the capital value -(hear, hear)-which included everything that would come into a purchaser s notions of value One of the principal grievances which the payers of land tax had was that they saw men ten times richer than themselves exempt from taxation, though the land they held had increased in value on account of unearned increment by £1,000 or £2 000 per cent They saw those who held valuable quarter acre and halt acre blocks in Melbourne escaping the burden altogether Would anyone say that that was not class legislation of the most grievous and un- English kind? There was no justification for allowing city lands to escape the tax, and at the same time place a burden on the country districts (Hear, hear ) Mr GAUNSON - Look at millionaires dying and not being taxed at all for their property Mr SHIELS- The one class entitled to relief by the remission of the land tux or revision of the tariff was the farmer The farming industry, it appeared to him, was very much in the position of a son of an illustrous ancestor of the hon member for East Mel bourne (Mr /ox), for the patnach Jacob when he waa dying called hia sons mound him, and addressed them He said - * Issachar Is a strong ass oolichluc down between two burdens And lie saw that rest was kood nnd the land that It was pleasant and bowed Is shoulder to bear, and became a servant unto tribute 'That fairly represented the unfortunate position in which the farming industry of Victoria was placed One of the burdens under which it was couching, and the tribute which it had to heir, was that it had practi cally to carry the protected industries of the colony upon its back Another burden was the precariousness of the seasons Wet and rust would destroy a crop, or a scorching sun would wither it In fact, the farmer carried on his industry practically with a sword hanging over his head, and any night the whole fruits of his industry and patience might lie swept away Hie holt member for the Wimmera (Mr Madden) made a very earnest speech on the subject of the fanning industry lust week, but it made him lee) as he did when his sunday - school teacher took lum to see the picture of the last judgment It would be re mombered that it depicted the untortu nute ones who, on judgment being given ngainBt them, wer» taking terrible headers into bheol Hie bon member m making that speech drew lrom Ins pnmt bot too dark colours. Ihe agricultural interests of the colony were not in so perilous a condi tion , but the lion member was net speaking so much of the ugriculture of the whole colony ns of the north western plains, where the farmers were all wheat growers Mr MADDEN-Ihe bulk of the farmers are wheat growers Mr SHIELS-The farmers deserved special recognition from the House No statesman could keep before Ins ejes u more noble ideal than the humel) phrnseof the " ilnrvest Home, "God speed the plough '1 he object ot the country wus to advance agriculture, in ortlcr that wo might have a yeomnnr) 'Ihe farmer nnd Ins wire und children worked earl) and late 'Ihey did not eat the bread of idleness, nor sleep the Bleep of the sloth How different when com pared with the arlisannnd the ordinary worker of the tow ii ! 1 ne hitter had the doctor, school, hardens, and all other advantages ol a prosperous city at their doors but the furmer waa tar aw ly and perhaps 40 or W miles from a rail vvav When the bon member for i ltzroy (Mr Reid) went into heroics over the position ot his district us regards railvva) accommo dation he would like lum to compare it with what the fanners hail to suffer in the far off districts with bad roads which were almost impassible Mr LAK1 R-No roads nt all Mr M L* LLAN - Ruis Mr SHIELS- Well nits, through which the farmers could not cet their horses at more than n mile an hour Ile lind heard ot a man having taken a whole day to travel eight miles on those roads Hie people who wanted n Railway Hill for the metropolis were guilty of u grievous injustice, for they were rushing the Government upon the rocks lie represented probably one of the best farming distncls in the colon), but Mr AN DI RSONJ (Villiers and He) tes bury) -It is only second best Mr Mill Ls - Ile was not however, going to demand, as other representatives had, that which would involve the colon) in tnsol velicy Hie circumstances of the larmer should bo considered Ihcyvverc men who accepted cur invitation to go upon our lund from the cities (Hear, hear) lhey lind no licrituç,c ol Knowledge coming to them, us (the 1 nc.h'ili farmers bud '1 housands of them had never held the handle of a plough, und did not know its component paris Mr ANDLKbOV (Villiers and Hejtcs bury).-Ihes were not ao bad as that Mr SHIELS- Hie nouse must recognise the want of knowledge and experience ot the larmer». What he hail stated was ncninst the uncharitable rctnnrks from the cities of tlie easy and routine work of the country Hie residents of Melbourne) should reniein her the Bpecial circumstances ot agriculture in this colon), and be mote thatitable in their judgment Parliament and the farmers must recognise that mere rule ol thumb work would no longer suthec 1 he monoton) ot so« nig the same crop ) tar after year must bo discontinued, as it took the heart, so to speak, out of the land 1 nrmcrs must recognise that agriculture had now become a profession-a propres sivo science Hie agriculturists of Vic tona were being brought into competition with the highly trained tanners ot England, ] urope nnd America, and they must be pre pared to enter upon the struggle equipped with the same weapons and arms and with the Bama knowledge, ns their rivals in tho»ii countries (Hear, hear I 1 ho fanner should certainly adopt tho recommen latious ot the Vegetable! Products Commission, and var) his crops, nnd no longer put all Ins eggs into the one basket (Hear, hear ) Much credit «ns duo to the members of that commission for the manner in which they had conducted their investigations (Ifear, hear ) He had carefully read through tlie voluminous reports issued b) tho coin mission 'Hie) contain* d BI much valu able lntormutiou that lie bud, with the sanction ot Mr Martin, the secretary tor Agriculture, distributed them amongst tim leading tanners ut the district he repre sentcd in the House und also among some farmers in South Australiu lhere was nu obligation incumbent upon tho farmer not to plunge all on the success of one crop. (Hear, hear ) Many bon mern bira lind noticed, although they may not lnvve expressed their opinion, that too often farming in this colonv wa« on too large a scale-that the agrlcultuilist hud too great an area of land for his limited means and experi euee 'I hu tim» hail come when the farmer must change his methods He must keep himself conversant with the latest niven tious and improvements connected with farming He must in addition to his prac tical knowledge neauire a theoretical know ledge by attending lectures at the agricultural colleges which the Government intended establishing m the different parts of Victoria, and also by reading Uley all regretted the extraordinary decadence of English farming in recent jears It hnd lately been stated in an English newspnper that £15 000 000 per annum had been taken away lrom the farmers of Lncjand alone by their competitors in Lurope OverlOOOOOO acres of land which had been devoted to the trowing of wheat in England had been given up to the depnstunng of cattle and Bheep and it must be remembere 1 that in that ountry from ii to i2 bushels ot wheat wore obtained from an acre whilst the average was only 8\ in Russin 9 in eolith Australia and 12 in Vic tona 1 hat was the result of the 1-uropean tanners possessing more 1 nowIit!t,e i nd 1 erne, more highly trained than those ol 1 nglaiul Mr W RIGHI -No Mt SHE LS-Whut had the Imperial Government done lor the 1 ngUsh farmers ' It had done nothing bo)ond giving a small sum of money to the agricultural societies and granting £o 000 toward» prises for improving the breed ol horses. It had trusted to the nidepei dent and individual exertions al the farmers and had nof done anything in the way ol providing technical education for them 1 he European Govern raents on the other hand had for the last 10 or lo sears devoted themselves seriously to upraise the standard ot the education of the agriculturists in their respective countries. 1 ranee spent £23 000 per annum on inter mediate agricultural BCIIOOIB which were scattered all over her empire, L10000 on a central agricultural institute in Pans, und m addition 'o that lind tarming Bchools where dairying and practical farming were taught Gorm my h id a central college at Berlin, ll> intermediate schools and 32 farming schools supporte 1 by a grant ot £17 000 a jear Mr MAD DI N -And schools for imparting 1 nowlcdge.on forestry besides Mr billi LS -Denmark, which was a poor country with a small population ex pended from bcr small revenue-which waa not equal to one third of that of Victoria £11000 on similar purposes and in con sequence of the education provided in Den mark for the farmers Danish butter sold at hu,her rates in the Fiiglish market than the butter supplied byl nghshand Irish tarmers Russia the slowest of nil the Europcnn nations was urginc, upon its farmers to vary their crops as the Vegetable Products Com mission had ur"ed the farmers here Mr GAUNSON-What is the use ol ask ing the \ ictonau firmers to do that unless the nil wa) carriage is cheapened v Mr Sill! LS -If £o0 000 were expended in raisiuc, the character ot farming in \ ic tona it would be well spent but the farmers must themselves co operate Uley must not rely upon nu) quack remedies and specious nostrums which were just ns little efficacious to assiet them as would be nn attempt to remove the hump from n camel s back li) means of u poultice of bread an 1 water Ihe atvte c >uld help the former by removing duties which oppressed and hampered him and could help lum to bring down the cost of the production of his B'tple-wheat-to the lowest possible point Mr Atkinson a high authority in America had expressed the opinion th it the American farmer waa better off to das with wheat at 28s a quarter than he waa lo vears ago with wheat at oOs a quarter Hint had been brought about first ot all bv a re luction ot freight amounting to 11s on land carriage and 5s on sea but it was also due in a great measure to labour saving appliances which the American farmer ea"erly adopted as soon as they were patented Ihe Victorian farmers were not less wide avvnke than their American cousins and they should show the same readiness in adoptinn new ideas He would not auk for an) Government concessions ou bchulfot the tanners which he believed to be dangerous and it was with regret he heard his friend the hon member for the Wimmera (Mr W Madden) asking for con cessions which inevitably tended to tree water If the head works were to be constructed by the bovernment that was what must be the result Many members regarded with fear the colossal proportions of the Government im cation scheme. 1 ears ago he had charged the Chtet Secretary with having reversed his coat Hie Chiet Secretary came back lrom America Bpcukmc, loudly in favour of self help but for political reasons that policj was >*hanged, and the state stepped in to do the vorl. ot irrigation Hie proposals of the Government were on too vast a scale Uley should not have extended bejoud the expenditure of a qu vrter to half a million of mouey until ex penence bad been gained as to the best way to spend the money, mid « also the best way to use the water Ibis demand that the state Bbould construct the headworks was not dreamed of when the scheine was luitivted It was forgotten that the irrigation proposals bud doubled and trebled the value of lund ni the northern areas. An HON MfcsiiiEit -lhat shows you know nothinc, about it Mr MU It It A\ -lhat shows it has been a succès» Mr bllirLS-Those proposals in favour of the northern areas pressed unduly upon the farmers m the southern districts who were actuallj pa) mg, for one year a use of the land as much as the farmers in the northern areas 1 aid altogether Mr L L SMIl II -What about the dif ference in the profits » Mr SHIELS-Some farmers in \ilhers and He) tesbury were pajint, £2 10s. per acre rent tor land Mr Bl NI -\ou are quite wrong Mr SHIELS.-In his own electorate farmers were paving from 12s to JOs per acre rent tor land c n which to grow wheat Ihe House should endeavour to hold the scales equally between the farmers in the different parts of the colon) It those pro posais Mr W MADD1 M naked permission to ex plain 1 be Government had undertaken to carry out most of the head works upon receiving a guarantee from the landowners. In his opinion that guarantee wus unneces sary and useless He did not ask lor free water tor the tirmers were willing to pay f r whut was supplied to them Mr billi Lb did not want t> put the matter betöre the House unfairly, but he represented farmers for whom nothing was Eenie, done lu the way of irritation, und he was bound to speak in their behalf lie saul now us he said two jears ago that the irrigation proposals of the Government contained the seeds of a terrible danger, and ought to be framed on a smaller scale lo pass to another question the community lind been very much stirred over tbe Chinese question Hie speech delivered b) the bon member for 1 nst Bourke had evoked his un nullified admiration Ihe speech of the Milliliter ot Education did honour to tho talents and culture of that teutletnaii but he more gre Uly admired that delivered by the bon member for East Bourke What won his admiration was the rare courage exhibited by the hou member for List Bourke-the generous chivalry he displayed lhat bon member knew lull well that ha I cirricd Ins political lue in his hand he knew tho danger he rnn whon ho rose to speak those bold und plain words Mr MURU\Y- He simply displajcd tho recklessness of despair (Laughter) Mr blUELb.-lie showed a braver) almost unexampled in that House when ho rose to say u word in detcnee ol a class that was we ik and defenceless and against tho wionc, doer Mr MURK Ai -He resealed a doom that was already so tied Mr billi Lb -If li IB doom was sealed by the expression of his honest conviction it would be well that the same seal should be put upon ever) member ot the House It would |,ive thom (.renter respect in thee.vcs of the counti) (Hear heir) It wna an act ot hic,h courtlea to stand torwartl in u period of sti rm mid tell tin Government mid the people that they were nctiuc. in an unjust manlier Hint was the portion ot the li in member s speech w hlch awakened bia unqualified admiration (Hear hear ) L1 he debate was here suspended until after the refreshment hour ] IHE CEMI NNIAL E\HIBI1I0N His SP1 .KUI read the following tele grams which he had received in ropl) to tho invitations scut to members ot Parliament in the < ther colonies to be present at the open ing of the I \hibition - * Sjilncv Tulv 4 The lion the S| eakor of the Legislativ o Asse ibl) . our l oi,*bc,u convening cordial invitation lo mott I tra of this Assembl) tobe present at the open I g of ti o Centci i lal International Exhibition on 1 t August was eo nmunleat I bv mc to the House this du) a 1 tile statement was received with clleors. Jams IlRvav lot so Spcal er Adelal le M II Davies I sn "!| cal cr I cglslotlvo Asseiul ly Ihntictiil rsofth House ot Auciubl) of lo ith Australia desire me to thank ti e Legislativo Asse nblv of Victoria for tielr cordlil Invltatloi toloiicscnt at the n| ei li g ol tho Mi II ouruu Contemn»! inter natlot al Rxhililtlot and htvo to di) agreed to a motion to a IJourn from oth July to ith August to el abio li embers to tteit I J C Bl AT Speaker (Cheers ) 1 Brisbane TI e lion tho S| calcer Legislative Assciul 1) I tlai k I ou on behalf of Legislature of Queens lr-nd for li vltatlon to alter d opet ing of Centennial li len atloual Exhlbltlo i Contenu ot ) our telegram will be cou mut tcated to ineiut era wltl out delay 'A No TUN, bpoiker ' Hobart Tho lion the Speaker House ot AMcmblv 1 Ibu members ot th« Uouie ol AHcuiMy ol * Tasmania desire me to convov their most cordtal thanks for Invitation to he present at the opening of the Centennial International Exhlhltion, and which tlwy trust will be in everv rcsiiooia grand success "TuoviS ilnitn, speaker. ' (Clieera ) THE GOVKRNOR'b bPEECH -ADDRESS IN REPLY. The debate waa resumed. Mr SHIELS said that in 18S1 the nousehad the Chinese question prominently before it The Government of the da), under the leader- ship ot Sir liri an O'Loghlen, submitted a bill far the restriction of Chinese immigration. The views he (Mr Shiels; then expressed had been forced more deeply into his conviction from subsequent experience in this colony and in bouth Australia. He still regarded it a» nei essary, not only for the worklns classes here, but for the comfort and peace of this commun i tv, aa well ua tor the security of the Chinese themselves, that the Legislature of Victoria should absolutely prohibit any further immigration of Chinese into thecolonv. (Hear, near ) The attitude at first assumed by the present Gov eminent had his warmest sup Sort, in contrast with the position taken up y the Governments of bouth Australia and New South Wales On March 23 the Premier sketched out a line of policy which was temperate, wise, and politic, and, without subserviency, recognised in a becoming and loyal fashion that the Crown of England and the Imperial Government, charged with important duties over the empire, might become involved in, and responsible for, any hast) or unjustifiable action on the part ot thecolouy ot Victoria (Hear, hear.) Toonnich had been heard during the recess ot the idea that separation from the mother country was inevitable, but as t young man he knew the feelings of the Australian natives,- and honestly believed, having looked into the question deeply tor a long time, that the question of separation would uttain a pro- minence, not in the dim future, which would necessitate every one in Parhument and out of Parliament taking up a Bide upun it (Hear, hear ) Parliament and the con Btituencca, at tile present time, were loyal to I he home connection-(cheers)-loyal to the ties of affection and sympathy winch bind Australia to the (treat mother country, and they felt, und they were willing to own, some responsibility for her past acts and high treaty engagements, and nomo desire that the Crown ot England should not be in- volved by this colony in disgrace, dishonour, or difficulty. (Cheers ) If there was one nation on earth thal deserved irom England not only just hut generous and s)mpathutic treatment, it was that great empire ol tour hundred millions, the Chinese Empire. (Hear, hear ) One ol the luulest biota on the escutcheon ot the country he was proud to own, the country he loved well, and whose greatness he would wish to extend, was that war which England forced upon that unfortunate land. (Cheers ) At the mouth of the cannon, J.ngland broke down the isolation in which the Chinese Empire hal wrapped ltselt for thousands of years, and which they believed essential to the welfare ,and peace ot its people. At the point of the bajonet Englishmen, pretending to follow the example set b) the gient Galilean, forced upon the Chinese a trade which they regarded, ami rightl) regarded, as demoralising, degrading, and detrimental to their beat interests. (Hear, hear.) England owed, on that account, a duty to China, and could Australians repudiate and renounce it? If the colony ot Victoria desired to follow in the good old traditions which hntl guided the diplomacy of England, it was the duty ot the Government to clejl temperately und mode- rately with the Chinese problem, recognising international comity, and yet serving the interests ot the colony. W lint was tile atate of uflaira which confronted the Government tina) ear? In 18r)9, when the population ot the colony waa hardly halt u million, there were 49,000 Chinese in the colony. In 1888, w hen the population was over 1,030,000, the Chinese numbered not more than 12,000. The total number of Chinese throughout the Austral ian colonies at the present time was ver) little more than the number of Chinese in Victoria alone in 1859 Last year the total excess of arrivals of Chinese over departures was 1,134, and m the- hrat (ive months of tina j ear it waa only US. These figures took no account of any deaths that might have oc- curred among the Chinese population during the live momba. In fuce ot the fact that a tremendous diminution bad taken place, not only relative*), but absolutely, in the number of Chinese residing here, and because the number increased this year by less than 100, the Government got np a scare as foundation lesa and as unreasonable us the scare of last Sunday, when a council ot war wag held at Government house. (Hear, hear, and laugh- ter.) The colon) was to be invaded by the teeming hordes ot Asia, and the Government determined to go in tor heroic remedies, although in March last the Premier in his despatch said that the Government con- sidered they would best achieve the ends in view by diplomacy, temperate action, and not by drastic measures, 'lo BUIU up the whole position, he might Buy that for four months Ministers were Bane, reasonable men. but for one month they were really stark, staring, dangerous madmen, who ought to have been confined tn straight waietcoats. (Laughter.) Mr. GAUNSON.-That'a absolutely true ; that's their only excuse. Mr. bUlELb.-South Australia and New South Wules adopted measures which were avowedly lawless, but the Government of this colony, which hud counselled diplomacy and decried drastic measures, lost its head, and emulated-indeed, outrivalled-the law- lessness of the other colonies. And yet Ministers had now the assurance to claim not only that they acted with legality, but also with propriety, tenderness, und actually "with mercy" to the Chinese. (Laughter.) The Government never did an act which waa ao disappointing to its friends, nor one.more calculated to alienate their ajmpnthy. That feeling was aroused among ull classes of socielv. even amongst the working men. ("Uh, oh," and laughter.) The Trades hull asked the Government to exclude the Chinese b) legal methoda-(hear, hear) and hu had heard working men condemn the action ol the Government Eleven members ot the Legislativo Council censured the Government one after another, including men who were hardly ever known to address the Council. (Mr, PATIEUSOX.-"Hear, hear.") Amongst the number wus Colonel sargood, a former colleague ol the Premier and Cluet Secretan. (Hear, hear.) VV hut was still more signihenut was the fact that Mr. Ser- vice sat silent amidst li Hood ol censure, unwilling to injure the Government, it was true, but unable to any oneayllable in delence of his former colleagues. (Opposition cheers ) Mr. GAUNSON.-How could he defend them? Their action wus indefensible. Mr. SHIELS.-The same spirit of censure and condemnation waa manliest lu the prcas. I wo ot the three morning newspapers of the metropolis, which bad followed tile fortuues of tlio Government from the first, und done their best to keep the present Ministry in office, had censured the illegality and vio- lence with which the Chinese were treated. Censure had ulso been pronounced by the country press. Mr. BOblbfO.- That was before their ex- planations, Mr. SHIELS.-There waa no legal explana- tion possible. (Ileur, hear.) The Covern mène had invited discussion on tho legal nspect ot the question, mid he would accept the challenge. (Cheers ) In the hrBt place, hu would prove Hint the Government had shown grosa favouritism and partiality. The Government practically gave the cue to the collector of Customs that no matter what evidence was tendered by Chinese in support of the legality ot their naturalisation pupers, he wag not to bo satisfied with them, and )et, after all the vehement protestations it had made, the Government actually ad- mitted two vessels, among others, which had more than the legal number ot Chinese on board, und these ships lind, us their agents, a lirra with which a member ot the Ministry was connected These ships were allowed to land their Chinese passengers without any quarantining, und in defiance of the pro- mise which tne Government had mude. Alter tlie Afghan bud been excluded, Biter the poll- tux had been relused both lu the case of that vessel and in thatol the Burrumbeet, and alter the Government had declared lte intention of admitting no Chinese at all, it admitted another vessel, the Chingtu, without any quarantining at all, and that waa a vessel ior which the urra already mentioned were the agents. These mutters needed some explanation, Mr. GAUNSON.-Did the Chinese exceed the proper number in that cuse? Mr. blHELS.-I am not sure of that. Mr. GAUNSON.-This is au honest Ministr) I Mr. SHIKLS.-So much for the charge of gross faumrltistn. The next charge he brought ugainst the Government was that it lmd lulled to compl) with the clear provisions of the statute law in this country. The quarantining of the Chinese on the Afghan wus the grossest Biibterluge, the vilest pre- tence, the most outrageous Iraud. It was n quarantine erected solely against colour. Tha Alghnu curried 270 Chinese. Under the law til« owners were liable to penalties amount- ing to i.-2.">,000, 'I he Government admitted that no leniency should have been extended to the owners or ngeutsof that particular vessel, ns they had several times previously evaded the law Why, then, was the law nut tully en- forced ? The Government ollercd three excuses. The Commissioner of Custoinfl said that to have exacted the penalty would have ruined the owners, who lived in our midst, and had influence. The Attorney General took up a dllfureut cue. " We were, no doubt, very wrong in whut we did," aaid he, "but youdou't know the dillicultv, the technicalities, and the complications ol the law." ("Hear, hear," and laughter) The MlnUter of Education aaid, " if we had done ?o, «eihuuld have bad the Chanibei of Cou * merce down upon ua, and it would have excited a meat amount of odium against ua." The Attorncy-General'a explanation was, no donbt, the truo one. It wus authoritatively stated that at least one-half of these Chinese would have been able to prove the legality ot their naturalisation papers. But Ministers said, " It .a true we did not pnnish according to the statute, but we did ¡t all the same." Surely, the only proper punishment was the exaction of the fine. It was the clear duty of the Govern- ment to carry out the lawa which Parliament had made, and thev failed to do so if they punished offenders in any other way. In the third place, the Government had strained and wrested the law to unwarrantable uses. Tiley proclaimed the ports of China to be infected, knowing lull well that such u course wus not justified by the tacts. Australia alone raised an imaginary danger, and the Victorian Go- vernment did it BO that it might have legal colour for some acts which it knew to be in deieusible. There was no danger ot infec- tion, and it knew it The Attorney- General ot another colony hud the honesty to admit that the quarantine was simply made use of to exclude the Chinese Mr. PEIRCE.-A good job, too. Mr SHIELS.-I am sorry to hear such a remark from a man who claims to be a law abiding British subject Mr. PEIIÎCE.-We don't want the Chi- nese Mr. SHIELS.-Nor did nn)oneeise; but they should not be excluded by lawlessness and violence. Mr. MURRAY.-Do it in any way. It )ou can't do it by law, do it by violating the law. (Laughter.) Mr. SHIELS-That was the way the Government had done it The notion of the Government wag illegal in any case. Mr. MURRAY,-You will get up to morrow morning with u pigtail ubout 3ft. long. (Laughter ) Mr. SHIELS -The Government had since backed down in a most disgraceful manner. It was afraid that the Chinese would beat it in the courts It had ucted in a way that was skulking, mean, and cowardly. Mr. GAUNSON.- That is perfectly true. Mr. MURRAY-From )our point of view. Mr. SHIELS -His next contention waa that the Government violated the law. For ] the Attorney-General lie had the highest respect, politically and personally. He hail, therefore, no desire to achieve a cheap triumph against a private friend by showing lum to be in tile wrong It was because the questieii WIIB a grave one, and because a grievous injury bud been done, that he took upon Himself to say that the Attorney General had mistaken tile law, and landed the country in danger and difficulty. The Attorno-Cenoral claimed that the Govern- ment of the colony could fall back upon an old prerogative ot the Crown, and exclude all aliena whatever. He also con- tended that the question real!) involved waa whether the Ministry were Her MujesD's Ministry or not. Mr. WRIXON.-Hear, henr Mr. SHIELS -With all deference to the Attornc) -General that question wag not in the least degree involved, (fleur, hear.) The very question involved in the action which wna being brought by Ah Toy against the Go- vernment had buen settled by the New bouth Wales Supreme Court ot three judges Twice over hud that Court decided that no mich pre- rogative exiuted.nud that theNevv aouth Wales Government lind acted against the law. The question was argued by Mr. Salo- mons, who had recently given up the position ot Chief Justice of New bouth W'ules, and the Court on two different occa- sions expressed the opinion, in the strongest terms, that no such prerogative existed there Mr. GAUNSON.-Nor in any other British colony. Mr. blHELS.-It could not he disputed, ns a point ot international law, that the head of a sovereign state had the power to exclude allens But it did not by any means follow conclusively that that power now existed in the English sovereign, and could be exer- cised by her Munsters, Prerogatives, we knew had been lost in England, and declared lost by the judgments of courts, by diguse or discontinuance, by acts of Parliament regu- lating the mode ot, limiting the power ot, or restricting the function claimed in olden times. And England and her colonies would never have enjoyed the grand measure of liberty en jo) ed in the present day it prerogatives had not beeu lost in that manner. (Idear, hear.) 'Hie Attornej General could not, in the records of five cen- turies, lind a single case in which the courts had declared that auch a prerogative existed. For over 100 years past, whenever it uecume necessary to exclude aliens or keep them out, the Parliament ot England had been invoked by the Ministers of the Crown, and with the most jealous care Parliament, on some oc- casions, had granted the neceas iry power, but never for more than a hunted period ot two jeurs. In 1793, when the Annistry conceived there was danger from French refugees, the first Alien Bill was Introduced. It wns on that occasion that the most eminent orator, the great philosophical statesman to whom longland looked up Edmund Burke-in the violence of his excitement, threw the dagger on the floor ol the House. Under un act passed in the reign of George 111. power was given to the sovereign to exclude by proclamation or b) order under the sign manual '1 hat was the way m which tho prerogative was granted, and there wag u limitation. Mr. Salomons, in his argument be- fore tho Sidney judges, claimed that this prerogative could be exercised here by Muusteis under proclamation. The Govern- ment, however, never contended that tiley liad issued a proclamation. It w og fair argument to assume that it the prerogative hud existed with the king or queen ut past days, the aid of Parliament would nut have been invoked to exclude aliens The Minister of Educa- tion had quoted some cases by winch he led the House to believe that this prerogative had been exercised. As a matter ot fact, in none of the cases cited wag any such prerogative exercised The expulsion ot the Jews, tor instance, had been referred to. Tnnt wus a most unhappy illus- tration, because the case was one ot au clear illegality as could be conceived. The .lews who were expelled were not aliens. They had been living lu the country tor generation after generation. 'Hier owed allegiance to the English Crown, und were English sub- jects, and jet the prerogative, which tho Munster ot Education, with lill his historic lore, was able to allude to, wus u prerogative unlawfully and vio- lently exercised on account of religious différences to exclude British subjects. The next caBe cited was that of Charles X, But he wus not excluded under prerogative. He came to England an exiled sovereign to find a refuge, lind he received the hospitality of the English Crown, and au English palace was placed at bis disposal. When foreign complications arose that hospitality was with- drawn, but there wus no expulsion under a prerogative. It waa simply a case of a gentle reminder which a friend might give to a friend when he had outrun his welcome. (Hear, hear.) The only other case quoted was the singular one ot Victor Hugo, who was expelled from the Island of J er se). Three things were to be taken into consideration in connection witli this matter. In the first place the greatest indignation waa manifested, Victor Hugo found a refuge in the neighbouring island of Uuernaej, and Judge De Quettuville, an eminent authority, pronounced the expulsion to be against tile law. According to a statement he had read in The 'Junta, Victor Hugo waa expelled under an illegal enactment ol the English Star Chamber. And we went back to justify an action ot tins kind to the ver) worst days ol English history, when men were imprisoned on the simple order of the king, when Par- liament was derided, and when a clamorous Council, composed of violent men, claimed tor themselves tile (unctions which in later times were vested in tho two J louses ot Parliament. (Hear, hear) The last Alien Act was that ot tho 11th and 12th Victoria, lind was passed tor the exclusion of one alien only. Sir William Molesworth, an authority whose eminence the Attorney benora! and the Munster of Education would allow, bud said ot this net ; "Uurlng thowholo of that period-from 179J-It (tho bill) had hoon opposed on principie, without re fi renco to Its details or period of duration, by ol ery mun of nn) note connected with the Ubiral partv ; hy tv, o generations of »tatosmen who had sa utterl) repudiated tho principle of the meaeuro that they never would conacnt to consider It-* details. . . . 'that doctrine of the prerogative ol the Crown to solid niions out ol the country had been stronuoiiBly denied hy Mr lox, Lord Grav, the presont Lord 1 ausdowno, Sir Samuel ltomlllv, and others, , , . Neither Charlu» 11, noi James II, nor William III, had over dreamt cither of olaluilug or Baking for power to send allon» out of ibu t ountr), though they must liave oltentluies loaned to posses» such powor. lheroforo tho Allon» Act vva9 eoutrarv to the practice of our ancestors, contrary io tho spirit ot our coiistlt itlou, tontrar) to the tenor of our laws prior to 17H3 and contrary to the recorded opinion ol ever) hliih authority on this side of the House since the year 1793 " When thonece'ssit) carno every Ministry came down to Parliament, and justified its position, anda law «as passed, and was strictly limited, and actually expired by ellluxlon of time. We emulated that type of the old English gentle- man, tho Prince Regent, ultcrwards Geoigo IV., who took the vilest advantage, it wus said, ot those alien acts Ho burrowed money trotn the l'rtnch refugceB, und when it became inconvenient for him to pay he expelled them, and they were guillotined. Those were the da) s and the principles that the Liberal Government ot Victoila were claiming for us. He was of opinion that tlic prerogative did nut exist in these colnnlus. (Hear, hear.) Every interna- tional writer lind auld that auch n pre- rogative was only the privilege^ of an in dependent sovereign state. Mr. GAUNSON.- The contention ia that this la n sovereign state. (Uear, hear.) Mr SHIFLS-Afcnrdlno. to Wheatoil an eminent writer on national questions, before n state could be called a sovereign one it must not be subject to any higher authority. Halleck, another eminent authority, said dis- tinctly,-"As a colony, a possession, or a dependency constitutes only a part of the Btnte, it cannot in itself be regarded in inter* national law us a distinct political organisation." A still later authority, Professor Dicey, writing on the law of the constitution, and writing actually with the whole modern development of these constitutionally governing colonies before lum, distinctly gave his opinion in these terms -"Yet for all this, when the matter is farther looked into, the Victorian Parlia- ment (together with other colonial legis- latures), will be found to be a non sovereign legislative body, and bears decisive marks of legislative subordination " Many of the pre- rogatives of the Crown exercised in England did not exist here, and could not be exercised hete '1 here was tne prerogative of making peace and war, the right to impress seamen, the right to require all subjects to bear arms, the power of la)iug an embargo on ships, the power to give letters of demzation, nnd the power to give letters of safe conduct Such rights as these had not devolved upon either the Government or the Governor, and Mr Snlamons throughout the whole of Ins lengthy nrgument failed to ahow to the Court the slightest justification for any dele- gation of that sovereign prerogative. 'Ihe contention that the Governor waa a Viceroy had been fought out, and the decision was that he was not He was not even a general agent of the Queen He was simply a special agent of the Queen, limited definitely by Btrict instructions. Mr. GAUNSON_In writing. _ _ Mr. SHIELS -And in writing, Why, ra one of the colonial courts a judge had dis- tinctly stated that, but for a passage in the Governor's instructions, which allowed him to exercise independently of Ministers his personal prerogative of the power of pardon, Ministers in the colonies would not be able to grant pardon to any criminal (Hear, hear ) Did the Attorney General say that the prerogative was in the Governor' At home the prerogative, it it existed nt nil, waa in the Queen Ministers in Victoria claimed that by some testerions process it was vested in themselves. All he could say wog that they were rearing an immense fabric on a foundation of chaos Chitty, who was an eminent legal authority, dealt with other rights incidental to the war prerogative, which was only vested in the Queen. He said - " As the constitution of tho countr) ho« vested In the king the right to mako war or peace, it has necessarily and incidentally assigned to liiui on the same principles the management of the war, to gethcr with various prorogatives, which ma) enable Ills tlnjest) to carry It on with clTcot thus the king Is at the head of his army and navy, is alono entitled to order thoir movement« pa regulate their internai arrangements, and to diminish, or during war, Increase their numbers. ' Discussing the power to order alien friends outot the countr), he said - "Alien friends may lawfully go into the countr) without any license or protootiun from tim crown, thouch ltscuins that the crown oven at cora mun law and b) tho law of nations (and independently or the powers vo.tcd in li b) the Allen Act, which extends oven to foreign merchants) possesses a right to order them out ol tho countr), or prevent them from goin.' lulu it, whenever His Majesty thinks proper ' Referring to other rights, Chitty con turned - "The law lias vested in the king scvoral other rights on similar grounds llius, in case of itecc6sit), tilt Icing may enter on tilo lands of his subjects to mate fortUlcatlous ills Majci>t) has a pieroaativu right in saltpetre and gunpowder These and similar prerogatives were classed na those incidental to the wnr prerogative. If this were not invested in the Government, it was clear inferential!) that the preroga- tives incidental to it were not admissible Blackstone classed their power in much ibu same terms as Chitty-as a rising out of or belonging the war prerogative Several other international and common law) ers could bo quoted to the same effect It there were any doubt on the subject, how- ever, it would be removed in the fuce of the act which actually provided tor these aliens to come into the country, (llcnr, hear ) 'Hie Courts in Sydney had ruled that any alien, by tendering the poll-tax in payment, had a distinct right to land Would the Attorney General say that it Mr, Kong Meng brought tei trom China for any merchant, mid tendered duty upon it, the Government could reluse it ' Did not the) all know that the Customs Act was intended to give everyone the right to f;et their goods into the colony when tiny uni paid the duty 'Hie Chinese Immigra tion Act wns simply a Customs act dealing with persons, which just as clearly gave the Chínese the right tocóme in as the Customs Act eave importers to import goods. He was astonished at the legal construction put upon the net by the Government when it con- sidered that Chinese who cime in ehips carry ing a greater number than her tonnage warranted were wrongdoers There was no obligation cast upon the Chinese immigrant to see that the ship did not carry more than her complement of passengers. '1 he duty was cast upon the captain and agent of the vessel-(hear, hear)-and penalties should be indicted upon them 'lhere wns a law binding the captain of British ships to curry only a certain number ot passengers, but would'atiy legislature ask a passenger to see that function perlormed, when he had not the means to do so Î 'I he Chinese above or below the number stood equally beiore the law. and they had distinctly the same right to land aller their poll tax had been paul lion members were under no obligation to accept either the Attorney-General s or his opinion, hut bud to do their duty towards their constituents '1 hey had to look to the acts they made thcmeelves, and put their own interpretation upon them 'Ihcy should notsit8ileiitandBuy "uh, the Attorney Gene- ral says it s nil right " Hint would be an abuse ot the iiiiictiuns they were sent to the House to dischnrse He was astonished at a letter which the conference held in Sydney hod the unparalleled effrontery to send to the Queen on the subject It wus one of the most bra/.eninccd, unblushing falsehoods that he had ever read or heard lu that letter the following paragraph occurred - " lu conclusion the eonforonco w ould call attention to the, fact that the treatment of Chinese lu tile Aus tralUn eolunics has bcuu invariably humano and cou sldcratc (Ministerial cheers ) He remembered sitting in the (lovernment Corner when Mr Murray Smith, in 1881, declaimed in roost eloquent und dignified terms, and in ac- cordance with the traditions of the Eng- lish race, against the treatment of the Chinese At the very time that the confer- ence was sitting in Sidney, thnt eminent Australian, Mr. Dullcv, ni the midst of plaudits, said - "The Chlneso had in this colony tho experience of being beaten, outraged, insulte I, and ot onduring evury form of bitter persecution, mainly at the hands of orcaturcs who, if we possessed the inostlm ablo advautago of having a perfectly efficient s) stem of administration of publia justice, would have been withdrawn for long periods of years from tho ex hllaratlng pastime of atrociously lil using and mur dering Chinamen ' (Hear, hear ) That conference actually proposed to relegate us to tho durk da)a of tho despotic barbarism of England, from which we thought we had emerged bj insisting upon the re-introduction of the pusaport* H) ateta, so it a Chinaman crossed the border from South Australia to Victoria, or lrom Victoria to South Australia without u pass port he would be considered guilty of a misdemeanour, raid sent to guol tor six months. He wus glad -that the provisions of that bill wera being modified, but there may still bo some objccuotiablo clauses upon which he would upeuk when it came before tho House. It was passed in haul« by the conference, and bore that impression upon its lace. The Attor ne) General would never submit it fur the consideration of members in the form in which it was adopted ut tho uoulcrence The Chinese, through their representatives, had distinct reason tor saying that they had not received that courtesy and consideration which they might have expected from the Government and the head of it In the corresponden co which passed between the Premier mid Ah Cheong the poor despised Chinaman taught us manners und courtes), und stood before this community in a far more dignified anti honourable light than a gentle- man who occupied so elevated nnd respon- sible a position as the- Premier 'lhere was an eloquence in that appeal ol Mr. Cheong s The lion, member fo. Xiuioy saul that there would be indignation in the legal profession it a Chinéis vu re appointed to the Supreme Court Bench, but in the interests of the British instincts of this community he re- pudiated any such idea. Ile wus nt the Scotch College once when his friend the late Mr, R Ramsay was present, and he remcin beied how tho buildmg rang with cheon when a Chinese boy came up and curried oil more prizes than any other boy in the Behool, If Mr. Cheong or anyone else Mr. GAUN'bON.-Being a British sub- ject Mr, SHIELS-If such an one had the industry lo apply to the right use the talents which God eave him, this country would be true to the traditions of the old country, and, in welcoming lum as an accession to the Bench, consider thnt a new lustre had benn east upon English traditions und habits. Ile ititi nut consider thnt the Trades-hall Council wus in the least degreo cciiBurablo for its action in tho mutter. The members of that body, or the Presbyterian Church, or any other church, had a right lu public manors to maka their wishes known, und tiley had a right to he treated w ith courtesy and politeness in doing BO. Hon. membors knew that the churches took un uti verse v lew ot the Government's action, but if the '1 rades hull or anvbudy else risked what wus right the Government was guilty of tin basest poltroonery it it refused it, because it might be stud tfmt it was truckling. 'Hie Government should grant the request it it were right, be it preterred by Presbytery, Chinaman or working man. but todeuy what was wrong, not minding by whom ltwaBasked I He sympathised heartily with the feelings of the working classes and the Trades hall Council In the unrestricted Chinese compe. I tition they saw imminent danger of the bread 1 being taken out of the children's mouths their occupations being taken from them' their houts of labour extended their wages lowered, and their homes robbed of hnppi. ness and comfort He rejoiced heartily m tbc gloriously happy lot labour enjoyed in thia community, and by all righteous means he would help the toiling millions to guard that comfort, and, if possible, to extend it Cheap labour may mean greater aggregate productivenesa and greater wealth, but he \ did not look as a statesman simply at totality I ol riches in comparative!) few hands at the top ot the social ladder Hon memberi Hhould aim at ti wider distribution of weulth. God knew they could do little to lead on tlmt happy time, when, as Tennysqn saja - ** \S hen wealth no more shall rust In mounded heans liut emit with freer lieht shall elowlv meit ' lu many streams to fatten lo» cr lauds ' If they coula do little to realise that for the In'oouring classes here, what they ought to do vais to keep that noble ideal before their minds Nothing could pain lum more to sea in tina community any lowering nt [i)e atnndardofcomfort which now existed tcono mista had pointed ever) where to the terrible dangers ot giving working classes a lower conception ot happiness, a conception of want ot all thatwas summed up in that one wor I comfort He would do his best HO far as voice could speak and vote could go, but b) law to guard and nhield the working man from anything that atlucked that standard of com. fort of living here, if he were in England he would join th it party which wus rising to say that the day had gone by when England should be an as) lum lor all Every one knew of the invasion ot England by paupers of RusBia, who were driven out by the unholy class and race bitterness, but they knew also of the intense wretchedness that these refugees from Russian tjranny werebnngingupon the hundreds of thousands in East London. 'J hey all knew too the effect the invasion of pauperism had hnd in New York and the eastern states of the Union. Were he in England or America he would take the same action iigiunst the inroad of paupers that he was willing to take in 1S81 against Chinese labour It waa well not to narrow one's give, but to look be) omi the hon?on of parish, family, and even of nation, but the worthy cosmopolitan spirit could be carried too far Man's duty was to cherish and protect his own tlesh and bloo 1 before strangers (Cheers ) It was lion members duly to help those colonista who bad helped to make this couutry a smiling plain matead of the wilder- ness it waa While he would take every legal menus to guard our own colonists he would not base bia action on the miserable bj poer ley and nauseating cant of the Chinese being more unmoral and greater gamblers than were ourselves God help us if we had no national ama to blush and hide our heads for Was it in our hands to throw the stone at the Chinese while our own popu- lation, framed in Christian example indulged in vicea of the Birnie degree and quality' J lui action of hon members Hhould he bused upon the true grounds nnd on account of which the working classes had taken action The men who came here from China brought with them a certain antique civilisation and n mode and habit of lite and a religion dating back thousands of ) ears 'I he) could not ussiniilulc with us , the) could not fall mtc our wu)g or into the npint ot our ttisti tutioiiB Those who are here lind caine m tile faith ol Jimmu law and British honour, and Victorian honour if such n thingexistsed. We were bound to raine no vv nil of distinction between ourt,elves and them, but to regard the persons and I ropert) of those Chinamen ns being as sacred and mv lolnte as the persons and property ot our wives and daughters. WV must not mai were to be true to our British instincts W« muit not allow them to lie bo)cotted, but must stamp out with the iron heel ot justice ever)thing done n^ainit them to the disgrace of our huumnit) (Hear, hear ) He adopted the watchword of tne Australia!! Natives' Association, ''Australia for Aus- tralians," not in its narrow sense, but in that wider sense which he knew many of the members attached to it It would be his earnest effort to assist to hand down tina great continent as a noble heritage to our chil- dren, which they might share with tuen from across the sea ot Hu same nice nnd creed ns themselves But he would cirry out this determination-a determination ol ninny )cnrs' standing-bv the luw, cnlmly and luirlv considered by the Liuislature, and justly administered b) tne Executive Ile would be no party to panic measures, high- handed injustice, and intolerable wrong, de- faming alike our English character and Christian lui : li (Cheers ) Mr BAKER said he had listened with great pleasure to the admirable »peech just delivered He regretted that the speech was not delivered earlier in the debate, so that it might have been leplied to by u member of . the Government who bud already spoken. I The law courts, however, would settle the J question ns to the legaht) or illegality of the I nets of the Government in relation to the Chinese, and therefore no renly was re- quired Ile could not escupe the conclusion that the act performed by the Government with regard to the Chinese was an ille«al although n popular one, but that question would be discussed tn a proper »pint before the calm tribunal of the bupreme Court, and need not be further referred to He would, therefore, offer some remurks with regard to tlie farming interest T he nttitude of the professed freetraders in the House, who amil they would not move a finger to interlere with the protectionist polio of the couutr), was puzzling to him If they lind changed their opinion'»,why not confess their former errors mid join the other side ' Before protection was established lamiera had to pay £90 for a stripper, and at a proportionately high rate for a plough, but now the) could obtain both those implements at one third less coat Lngh-di farinera had bei n ruined by a free trade polio 'J he posi tion of Ireland to day was due to the free trade policy forced upon that country from Downing street alter the Irish Par- liament was abolished That polie) had shut up the Irish factories 'lhere were many wa) s in which the farmers ot this colony could be assisted, but if any bon. member dared to go before his constituents and any that he was a Ircetrader, und wished to see a return to absolute free trade, he would be amongst the absentees when the Assembly met after the general election. When the i'anff Commission proposed to abolish the 2s. per rent il dut) on wheal the farmers all over the country called publia meetings to denounce the proposal 'Iliac indicated that the farmers were not in favour of n free trade policy, for though the duty could do them little good except at certain times tiley objected to its being taken nwaj. Ho noticed with pleasure that the Minister of Lands proposed to take some steps to give instruction to til« farmers by tiic establishment of n travel- ling dnirj, and hoped it would prov* beneficial to the farmers 'Hie Government, when dealing with the tanti question, should abolish gristing m bond 'Huit s)stem was a traud, perpetrated in the nile, resta of the millers of Melbourne The Go- vernment would also do well to give a bouua forthe establishment of a manufactory for reapers and bindera That machine waa not usually manufactured in this cr.lony, though some good ones had been mude at Geelong If the machines were manufac- tured here they could be pin chased at tno thirds of the price now given tor them. It waa unlair that the ¡armera Bhould bo required to cuter into a bond tor the pa)ment of the interest on loans for irrigation works when no auch se- curity waa demanded from the towns winch lind been lent money tor similar purpose». T ho United Wimmera Water 1 rust, which had constructed some 1,000 miles of channels through the and districts, had now ap- plied for a loan of £ I DOO to enable it lo carry tlie water still further northward. If illa Government desired to save grumbling, and ver) justifiable grumbling, tiny should at once in cede to this request* He did not be- lieve that the farmers were all going to rum, but unless rehet were given to farmers in the northern areas they would certainly go nil the land. There was the greatest dissatis- faction that Hie Government hud not pro Ïioscd to introduce a Railway Construction hil Mont) was now cluap, and the work should be pushed on with Hie Protection and Railwa) League at Avon Plains had wntten to lum urging bun to insist on a rai I «ay Lull being introduced. The letter said that it this were not done the Govern- ment would lose the conlideiiee ot the couutr). (Cries of "CMi") The tarmers.it wus stated, also wanted assistance in having cheaper railway freights, aGovernment bunk, so that mone) might lie obtained cheap'), nnd un amendment of the turill in their interests It was a fact that the people who wore unable to pry their rents were cluelly those who were I' .ated at a distance from railway communication. In soma cases It took farinera three dnjs to make ti amgle trip to the nearest railway atation The Govern- ment might easily introduce n small bill to construct half a do/en or so of the hues which were most urgently needed, and unless some Buch action were soon taken the people would certainly move off the land. In rignrd to irrigation, it wal useless to expect a larmer to irrigate a 820 nero block unless he were vor) well to do. The Government should construct the liciid works, IIB it had done in the case of the towna, and sell the water to tho farmers ns it wus required. This was the only wa) by which the farmers would be saved from ex cesaive taxation For his own part, as the representative ot a farming constituency, he was bound to look alter ita iiiuuests, ami unies« those inteteats were caied for, the Government roust expect to give place to other»|who would do to. (Ironical cheers ) Mr. HALL waa sorry that the debate hail drifted away Irom (he pointa referred to in the Governor's speech There had been so mach said on the Chinese question that he was heartily Bick of the subject It bad been said there were complaints irom tlie Chinese in almost all parts of the colony, but not a single specific complaint had been produced to prove that statement Now, be (Mr Hall) happened to have a com plaint from his district, which, so far as he could see, was the only one that could be produced It waa from a Chinese store keeper at Yarrawonga, who said that he had been for four and a half years n n iturahsed British Bubieot ann during the last three yea s had carried on business on both sides of the I iver Murray He now pointe 1 out that the bill about to be laid before the Parliaments of nil the colonies would preclude his passing and re passing across the river and that a grent injustice would be done unless some provision were made to meet his case lins, then Was the only complaint from Chinese nnd what waa there in it condemning the Government for the notion it had taken' If tnis were the only instance that could bo bronght forward of complaints from the Chinese in the colony it was a great pity tha BO much had been said on the question Great prominence had been given, during the debate, to the interests of the farmers Last session the mining interest was to the front the object being to obtain a vote to suuport it 'Ihe farming representatives did not object to that vote and it was to be hoped that the sympathy which had lately boen expressed for the farmers would not be allowed to cool Many suggestions tor the benefitof thefarmmginterest had been thrown out but the most practical beucht would be found in the reform of the tarin An up .country newspaper 1 ad expressed an opinion^ with which ho entirely coincided, that it those interested in the welfare of the farmers would take the bull by the horns in the right way, moro would be achieved in the luture than bad been achieved in the past Mr GAUNSON-lell ns how the bull is to be taken by the horns in the nc,ht wa) (Laughter f Mr HALL-The hon member should understand that this is a metaphorical ex preaBion Mr GAUNSON- \es, but I am waiting 'or your explanation Mr HALL presumed that the bull would be taken by the horns in the nc,ht way if the tariff were properly dealt with (Lau_hter ) ii here were many wnys In which the fiirmuiL industry could be assiste 1 In the Northern districts it wnB essential that there shoul 1 be n good supply of water Hie district which ho represented was some time ago in avery bad condition, so far as water wus concerned 'Hie formation of wahr trusts hid some what improved matters It was only nc,ht however, that the country districts should have the same water facilities as the towns He did not behove in the cry that the formers were going to rum nn I that they would soon be in a condition of in solvency Those to whom he had spoken on this matter from the district of Moira were certainly not in that position, although it was true that they requin 1 cor tain concessions to be made to them It had been stated that pressure was being brought to bear by the I amis department upon the selectors in various distiicts Hu should li! c to know whether such was the case or not? Mr DOW -There never was a selector un duly pressed by this Government Mr HALL.-So lnr as the district he re presented was concerned, the statement of the Minister of I linds was perfectly true 'J he few npi hcntions that he knew of for ex tension of time for the payment of rents hal in no case been refuse I Hie farmer might be helped hy the carnage of dniry produce at the lowest possible rate to the towns by the carriage of goods up country at lower rates than those at present in vi gue, and also by the reduction of passe ngcr fares for long dis tunees. In connection with this matter the Government must not forget the promise which hud been mndo to limit compensation for rail way accidents Sonic of the amounts which had been paul in connection with the V mdsor accident were most exorbitant Accidents occurred principally on the subur ban lines nnd the up country districts bud to Buffer by paying ita share of the ompensa tion Hie farmers nad asked for nothing unreasonable Hicy desired the sumo protection for theif industries as was Liven to the inda tries of the towns Hitherto,' however, they had been some what) ne"lectc 1 1 hey, required the foster ing of new industries B muses should be given for any new industries they might initiate or tor the growth ot any new articles which might vary the pro luce from the country districts Ihe tanners, unfortunately, were unable to co operate in tue same way ns tim members of ordinary trades, itndconse quently they werennnblc fo force their require ments on the attention of the Government ns effectively as they mi"ht di aire It was desirable that all railvv iv communication" possible Bhoul 1 be Liven to iho country districts Eulwnys up countrv meant the enhancement of the value i f tho land ond the lessening of the cost of produce tion 'lhore wore many minor, though irrititine an 1 easily to bo remedied matters of which tlie farmers compllined I or in stance at onetime farmers were allowed to place a certain number ot tons of straw upon a railway truck mid the profit obtained lrom it amounted to n few shillings Of late however, the Pailvvuy department ¡ml confined tho Gillie, of a truck with straw to its baie edges and the con sequence was that tim firmer w13 unable to obtain any profit 1 ho straw ha 1, therefore either to bo burned or buried 'Hie Government had promise 1 refrigerating enrs but those which had I een put into uso up to the present di I not answer their pur pose properly lhere wcie otner vvunts m connection with tho railways which might be attended to III the interests of the farmers A conccsstcn which was now given by the Scottish Railway Company of ullowing breeding Btock to trivel return journeys for single lares might be adopte 1 with advantage A trent deal of money was spent in Continental countries tor the dissemination of firmin" know ledgo, and a very c.001 example was thus set to other countries lu 1 ranee £20 000 a year was spent in intermediate agricultural schools mid £10 000 on the Central Institute of Paris, while there were a large number ot farralnt schools throughout the country where practical furmine ant dairying were taught In Germany there was tho Berlin Central College, in eluding n department for dairy m_ work, and 1C intermedíalo schools, which received grunts amounting to as much as£l*!50 lhere were 82 larmlng school», which got £17 000 a y ear and also special dairy Behool« for bush men and women In Denmark £11000 n jeur wns spent for n population of less than 2 000 000 In relution to this technical education In connection with tho railways a "rent convenience nu"lit be effected by the erection of she Is for produce nnd slaughtered carcases 1 he farmers wera helping themselves as far ns was 111 their power mid nil they wanted wns the assist ance that wus given to others Grain stores were bcinc, started in the North ?Western district nntl butter and bacon factories in various pnrts of tlie colony so that it nppeared th it the farmers were help ing themselves and tal in, the advice of commissions not to put all their eggs in one bisket Hie lion member tor liellusl ought to have known that no teiod purpose would the serve 1 by |jriti_,uit, in a railway bill this session Lines which were much needed in the country and were about to bo surveyed, could not be 111 eluded, and it was unnecessary to raise another loan before nil tho money which was available nt j resent was expended It win .veiy unlil ely that .0 000 labourera could be got to go on railway works If the 1 rades hall Council were in terrogated on the matter it was probable that the Government would be told that 5,000 nt the most woull be available It would not do to import a numborof labourers for whom no worl could ho lound when the rnilvvn)s were thiishe 1 Hie country wanted a revision ot tho tariff nnd waa also Jool nig lorward for a readjustment of the, electo rutes Mr WRIGH1 wan surprised with the knowledge of fanning which the lion mern ber for Normanby had displayed in his excellent nddress W ith the lion member . eentimeuls on that subject ho was un perfect accord uni he waa saved the trouble of repenting them Lamenta lions had been nude about tho inllux of peoplo to the towns hum the countr), but it appeared to bim that it farming was not paying it was a benefit to the country people that their rinks should be thinned and that n proportion of them should become consumers instead of pro ducers Hie p"op!o lu soma p iris of the country wore no doubt bailly oil, but what wus true of the Wimmern district need not appl) to other parts, and did not (so tar as Ins district waa concerned It waa not sur prising that farming did not pa) W hero he was ' raised it wus thought that a larmer should have £10 an acre ot capital to lay out but in tlio colony he know of peoplo who were possessed of only £1 to tho ueri mid were thought well olf Some went on to the land having to borrow money to pay Burvey ¿ees, und the icsultnas thntu great many were Iii the hands of tho storakcc|era mid bunks. It was the want of skill und capital that had brought about the over production of wheat It woe easy,to plough and BOW after a fashion und well enough to raise wheat, but the hither modes ot cultivation were somewhat difficult, and required more than tho mero streuet1) und stupidity which were popularly supposed to bo the qualifications ol a larmer (Hear, hear,) A farmer to know his business thoroughly in n certain, sense required more knowledge than most professional men It was an easy matter to tell tanners to foi low other industries than the production of wheat, hut it was often very difficult for them t^oglve effect to such advice. All larmer«. * did not know bow to treat an orchard, because of the amount of skill required. Reference had been made to the long boura of employment to which the agriculturist waa BUbjected It waa true that he bad to work late at certain times ot the year, but at other periods he had little to do, and so had not such hard times ai had been stated. Air REES.-That may be so in your district Mr. WRIGHT.-The efforts of bon. mem- bers ahould be directed to giving continuouB employment to the agricultural commumt) Ona of the advantages which waa expected to bo derived from irrigation was that the agriculturists might lake up other branches of the industry He hau alwa) a held that it would be a national loss if irrigation waa tobe nroviled solely for the growth of wheat We should only cultivate sufficient of the product to meet the requirements of home consumption At present we had to depena on wheat, but no doubt in time we would be able to produco other articles of national value The agri- cultural colleges were serving a good purpose, but their sphere of usefulness needed to be greatli extended His district had had a very different experience from that of the W munera. It had Buffered from too much ram and nn over supply of gras« Ihe price of Btore stock also had been BO hich na to leave hardly any margin of profit. It bad been averred that the low prico of fat etock resulted irom the im- portations from Queensland, but the number of fat cattle introduced from that colony waa not large (Cries of "Oh") That waa un- doubted!) the case, the majority ot the im- ports being store stock, which were subsequently fattened on Victorian pus. ture« A matter which deserved the uttention ot the railway authorities was the deslrabilit) rf facilitating the fat cattle trallic At present the stock wero treated like inanimate articles, and wera shunted and kept waiting on the roud until they liad depreciated considerably in value. " Night expresa trains were required to in- sure quick transit, so that the stock might be delivered in Melbourne in prime condition. An attempt to start the dead meat trnllic at Wangaratta had failed, because the Railway department could not accommodate it» Mr Speight now stated that if inducement oflered he would provide refrigerating cara, but would it not be better to supply such rolling atocle ou the chance of it being usedv Ho did not view with favour the removal of the city abattoirs, in order that one large central establishment might fin created in soma country district. It would be fur better to allow the eettlers to kill cattle at certain points on the riulwa)s, bave proper retngerat. ing cars to carry tlie meat to its destina- tion, and there provide chambers for its re- ception. T he claim of the agriculturists for a revision of the railway tariff us related to grain and other products could not be overlooked Railway extenaion m his dis- trict would give ereut relief to the farmers, but in view of the non completion of all the lines authorised he liurdly felt that it would be wise to tusk for another Railway Bill tina sear While he did not support the proposal to give a bonus on wheat cultivated, still encouragement might be nflordtd to the fruit preserving and canning industries (Cheers ) He also felt that it little enterprise would lead to considerable profits being derived Irom the cultivation ot the grape vine Mr A HARMS moved the adjournment oí the debate till next day. Mr W HEELER seconded the motton Mr BEN 1' had not intended to speak, but Bince the Premier would not allow the hon member for Belfust to withdraw his amend- ment he would give notice that to morrow ho wduld move the following additional amend- ment to the address in reply - ' Informing )our Excellency that jour advisor« havo tailed in their duty to tilla Housa in respect to the chairman of tho Public Sen ice Hoard (Opposition cheers ) Mr GILLILS- lhatia too thin Mr BEN 1' ~At the proper time, m addi- tion to speaking on the railwny policy of the country, he would move the amendment ot which he had given notice. The motion for the adjournment of the de- bate was agreed to ADJOURNMENT. At 11 o'clock the House adjourned until next du) 