T.PJfnpTiATLVK COUNCIL. WsnTRSSAXt August 29. The Passmen! took the Chair at 2 p.m. NOTICES. The Hon. J. Y. O'Loghlin to ask on Sep tember 4— Hat* the Government taken any steps toward* appointing a j nance ot cue Peace, at Yongala, a question which haa now been under their conaideration for several months j or a the matter of such magnitude as to require still further consideration ? The Hon. J. Warren to move on September 4 for a return showing— L The amount of money expended on forest conservation under the' Conservators of Forests up to June 30, -1888L 2. Tha estimated loss the State had sustained in r«nt by the withdrawal of forest lands from ether occupation. 3. The amount of cash received and receivable for timber sold an4 the value of timber supplied to the 'Government, divided as follows : — (a) For timber cat from trees of natural growth ; fb} for timber grown artificially by conser vators ; (c) for wattle baric and firewood, specifying amount from each and grown naturally; (d) for wattle bark and fire wood, specifying amount from each grown artificially. 4. The estimated value of grown timber of natural growth still available for sale. 5, Th« estimated value of timber grow ing artificially, and tha basis of valuation. Tha Hon. J. Darling to move on September 5— That agricultural Btatiatica should be col lected and published as heretofore, PETITIONS. By the Hon. Dr. Macabbt. from six Churches, 'by the Hon. J. G. Ram3ay from one Church, and by the Hon. J. Wabbsx, bearing 116 signatures, praying the Council to reject the Telalaator Bill. BIBLE-READING IN SCHOOLS. The Hon. Dr. MAGARBY moved for a return^ giving full information as to Bible reading in Stele schools. Carried. LEAYE OF AB3ENCE. On the motion of the Hon. W. A. E. WBST- ERSKINE a fortnights leave was granted to the Hon. A. M. Simpson, on account of urg«Qt private business. THE SOOTH AUSTRALIAN COUiJT AT THE MELBOURNE EXHIBITION. The Hon. W. A, E. WEST-ERSKINE, op an informal motion, said that the fauna speci mens used m the decoration of the South Australian Court at the Melbourne Exhibi tion had not been stuffed in South Australia, but in Victoria. The animals had originally been sent fram 'Victoria to decorate their Court at the Adelaide Exhibition, but as they were not worth the carriage back to the enter colony they had been presented to the Publiclibrary and Museum here. (Laughter.) Specimens of fauna were required for the South Australian Court at the Melbourne Exhibition, and those wore sent over, as there was not time to prepare a collection. STOCK DISEASES BILL. In Committee. Clause 24— 'Penalty for breaoh of pro clamation or regulations, &c;' On the motion of the Hon. I. G. Ramsay the word ' wilfully' was struck out. The clause was also amended by the Hon. J. Warbkx by making a breaoh of the provisions of the Act also punishable. Clause as amended passed. The Hon. J. Wabrbs mo^ed the insertion of the following new clause :— ' Before intro ducing- stock by land the person in charge shall produce, for the inspection of the In spector of Stock, a certificate of health from the authorities of the colony from which such stock are intended to be introduced. The Inspector shall thereupon inspect Bach stock, and, if found free from infectious or contagious disease, shall grant the person in charge a permit for such stock to enter; and the person in charge shall produce such permit, when required to do so by any run owner whose run he shall crore, or Manager, or any Stock Inspector, or police officer, and no stock 'h*n be allowed to enter till such permit has .been granted. Provided that if the Inspector napect that such Btock are infected with disease, he may re fuse' to grant a permit to enter till snob, time as he is satisfied, by inspec tion, that they are not actually infected.' It was absolutely necessary that it should be certified that stock from the other colonies were not diseased. Unless that were dona they would find it a very difficult matter to obtain persons to undertake the position of Stock Inspectors on the Border. The Hon. J. G. Ramsay said the provisions in force were a sufficient safeguard. They should not lay down ia hard-and-fast rule as proposed. The Hon. H. Scan thought Mr. Warren's case might be met by additional regulations. Clause withdrawn, the Hon. H. Scott in serting an additional sub-section to clause if— M Governor may make regulations.' Clause 3— ** Interpretation clause.' On the motion of the Hon. J. G. R.*i-ra«-y the follow ing words were added at the end of the sub section H paling with infected stock : — ' No stock shall be considered infected Btock if forming apart of a lot infected or affected with a disease to which they are not liable.' Passed as amended. Report adopted. Third reading Tuesday next. INNKEEPERS' RELIEF BILL. Received from Assembly. The Hon. J. G. RAMSAY, for the Hon. J. H. Gobdos, moved the first reading. Second reading Wednesday next. SETTLEMENT UPON THE LAND. The Hon. G. W. COTTON moved— 'That it ia specially desirable that the Government should, by asstBted settlement on the land, afford people now in this colony who ace desirous of making homes for them selves the opportunity of doing so ; and that trade and commerce should be promoted not only by suoh means, but also by offering in ducements in the shape of land for a large influx of industrial popula tion ? to our Bnorea of those who have been supplied with money, for the pur pose from their native land.' He had been induced to table the motion because special efforts were being made to Bend the more valuahla of our industrial population — men and single women— out of she colony. Months ago the Homesteads League asked the Government to set apart suitable- land in various localities for 50,000 blocks oE land not exceeding 20 acres in area, but the request was noc granted, and -- the whole colony were made to suffer indefinitely. About the middle of last year- the League sought tha concession from, the Government. of small advances to the extent of one-half the value of the work done by a man on his holding, the loan to be a charge on the land to be repaid byannualinstalmenta. bach help had been accorded in Europe, and from New Zealand it waa reported that the repayments of the Government advances were promptly made. The reports published by the League from time to time related that the block holders in South Australia, rejoiced at the chance of settling on the small holdings, and that they readily endured privations that they might have a chance of making a home for themselves. As an illustration of the in dustry of the men, a valuator had reported that the small holders had upon 335 acres of land in theSoutb-East effected improvements to the extent of £2,000, or £6 per acre. He had had other cases brought under his notice where holders of small blocks had devised various ways of benefiting themselves and their boys by working, on their limited estates, -In 1886 the Agricultural Bintc of Copenhagen was empowered by the Danish Minister of Finance to advance to the small holders, on their own security, sums varying from £10 to £45, to be applied to the improve ment of their property, the total amount not to exceed £260,000, and the loanjto be at 5 per cent. No country prospered for long at a time a- large proportion of whose population was not settled npon the land in the only way tnatasttlementforvastnumbers could possibly be accomplished, viz.-, by having a few acres each. He asked that trade and commerce might be considered by setting apart land for the56,000 blocks requested by the Homesteads League, so that the promoters of emigration in fcnfllftmi who were prepared to advance money— say £100 _ to £150— to e»oh settler might nave land in the same way, that the Syndicate* had atTSmu Flat, The Argentine Republic received about 100,000 immigrants a year.- who were settled partly by the Go vernment direct and partly through private individuals or Syndicates. In moving the motion he asked that £20,000 should be placed 'npon the Estimates for the purpose of making small advances to men without means who might Le desirous of settling upon the laod, such advances to be repaid by in stalments extending say over twelve vcars, the first payment not to commence till the expiration of the second years' oscupation of their holding. . Tha Hon. J. DARLING could not under stand what Mr. Cotton waa driving at, ebher from reading his motion or hearing hia speech, until he Came' to 'the concluding remarks. (Laughter.) Mr. Cotton's motions generally \- were so involved that it was an impossibility to know what he meant (Laughter.) Had be understood that he had the interests of the working men at heart he would join issue willingly with him. (Hear, hear.) The majority of our working men, if they chose, eoald save half an acre of land at least a week, and in time they could place them selves upon tha land. (Hear, hear.) That was the class they desired to encourage, and it was they who would improve the land. The rate of wages waa higher to-day than it waa thirty years ago, while the coat of articles of food was conmdsrably cheaper. Again, rente were lower, a two-roomed house in 1855 being let for 9a, a week, while it only brought 3a. to-day. Articles of luxuries — currants, fruita— were also purchasable to day at less than half the amount they were then. Why, therefore, should tbe Parlia ment be troubled? South Australia waa the best place for working men in tha world. He had no desire to make our working classes paupers, which they would be u they borrowed money on laud which they had not paid for. If the men were lent money upon their own personal security they would be unable to pay it back. The cry of the working men was ' Let us alone.' It was continual meddling that injared them. Hie workmen of the colony, as a rule, were not free, bat were led by a few demi-goda. They were bound hand and foot by some men who would not touch their fetters. The up heavinga or disturbances that occurred from time to time in the colonies he did not re gard as a struggle between labour and capital, nor between employer and employe' ; but he was afraid it was the beginning of the evil of the undercurrent of Socialism, which neither feared God nor regarded man. Socialism meant anarchy, and anarchy revolution. It waa that they ought to be afraid of, and Mr. Cotton was no friend of the working man in tabling such notices as he had on the paper that day, which tended to pauperize them in the estimation of their fellows. (Hear, hear.) The Hon. W. COPLEY' could not vote in favour of the Government assiatinz settle ment npon the land as indicated by Mr. Cotton. The present system of working men's blocks was not an assistance to the working men, but only injured them. It would be most dangerous to assist the holders of the blocks financially. (Hear, hear.) In nine cases out of ten it would result in a total loss to the Government. The present production of articles was quite sufficient tor the demand, and the cost of labour instead of decreasing had a tendency to increase. The land we had to c3er in the future was only such as could be occupied profitably in large areas and with capital to develop it. The great bulk of the country could not be improved by the expenditure of labour. They were entirely in the hands of Nature. There were very few casea of men holding more land than they knew what to do with. The Hon. J. G. RAMSAY trusted that the motion would be withdrawn. He agreed that it was most desirable to have a large popula tion on the land, providing they were in dustrious and were enabled to make a living out of the cultivation of it, but we had not the class of laud suitable now for occupation, or such as to induce outsiders to come and settle here. Mr. Cotton could not have studied our land laws, and did not know the many modes by which men could secure land. The motion would have no practical effect if carried. Withdrawn, ADJOURNMENT. The Council at twelve minutes to 5 ad journed until Tuesday, September 4. 