SUM MARY FOR EUROPE. ' POLITICAL. Parliament will be called together for the transaction of business in about si\ «reels, and in anticipation of that event the Government is very busy. Cabinet meetings are of frequent otcunence, most of them being held at tho Custom-house in order that all the information necessaiy to a propor consideiation of the proposed revision of the tarifl nnj bo at hand. It lias already been notified that Ministers intend merely to bring the tai iff "up to date" bj removing anomalies and meeting cxistin«' necessities A general lecasting is not considered to be lcquned. and con sequently will not bo attempted In the main the changes will, it is sud, be m the direction of assisting the fannel a and ora/ieis, but there are not a few pio ñunent public men who deptecite entirely an« intention to impose new duties es- pecially dnocted against the neighboui iii« colonies At a time when evtry possible eilort is being mado to obtain intercolonial fleo trado it is thought to be particularly desir- able to abstain li oin lriitatmg our fellow - colonists who happen to li« o on the otliet side of an imaginary geogiaphical ]me Another leiding measure now uniler consider vtion is tho Electoral Bill lu a sense, the Government is pledged to propose singlo electorates, but it nnj make exceptions m higo districts sparsely settled but stiugglmg, which would bo unable to command an adequato voice in Parliament, undei a hard and fast arrangement of one member for each constituency homo Government supporters who "tyle them- selves the "country paity," have been endeavouring to get information fioni tho Government a«, to whit is intended to bo done in lenard to the tarili and doctoral reform, but BO far tho Premier has managed to evado giving an explicit reply to their inquines. Much interest has attached to tho Chinese difitculty, which, lins reached an acute stage, on account of thu recent iniv.al of vessels from China, heavily freighted w lth passengers. Tho troublo lias permeated eveiy colony. In Victoria the Government pievonted any Chinese from landing fioin tho steamer Afghan, though a small number of them wet o entitled undor the law to come on shoie, prowled they paid the poll-tax of £10 per head 'lho captain was informed by the collector of customs that if one of even that small numbei landed, the poll tax -would be ac- cepted, but ho (the captain) would bo pioceecled against for bringing moto Chineso in his vessel than she was entitled to cairy. Kathet than face liti- gation on that point, he went on to b)dney with all the aliens intended for tins port, and he is now in conflict with Hie doveminent of New South Wales 'laen tho Burrumbeet, an intercolonial trader, turned up with 14 Chinese who had been transhipped fiom tho Catter- thun in Sydney Ilarboui. They aio now m this colon«,, but m quaran- tine It was represented to thom that in the present condition of public feeling it would bo dangcious for them to land-a subterfuge, it may bo mentioned, wholly unvvairanted - and therefore they asked to bo sent to the quarantine station. Jiecently, however, their friends havo excited themselves «ith the object of seemmg their releaso bj I abtut coi pu«, and this demonstration on their behilf may result in their being set at liberty. In the mean- time, publie, attention is engiosscd by the political aspect of tho situ ition. \t the .»¿gestion of tho Government of South Austialia all tho Governments sliced to a conference bomg held, to eiisuie uniform legislativo action in all the colonies, and just as tho prelimi- naries weio being arranged Sit Henry Pirkcs biought a bill into tho Legis- lative Asssmbly of New ¡South Wales containing drastic pro« isions against tho Chinese 'lins is considered to bo i proceeding intended to (lout the othoi t.uieiiimeiits, but so fin no piotests have hail iny ellect upon the Prtnuei of the neighbouring colony. In another column vv ill bo found the result of tho tust night's debate on tho measure. Au important election foi the Legisla- tive Council is about to take place. Di Heirn, who lepresontcd tho leading con stituencv - the Melbourne Province dieil lecentlj, and at tho request of a hiye number of friends, Mi bonico, the lato Premier, declined himself as a candidate It was expected that lie would havo had a walkovoi, but Mt. Robert Bj ino, who was a member of tho Legislativo Assombly a great many yeaia agu, has como out in opposition, anti a contest is necess iry Mr bemco Ins delivered two addresses of fai-reaching interest, showing eba ractonstic grasp of dillicult public questions His opinions on tho m unteii auoo of the Impel lal connection woro given willi much force, and comininded lillie spreid appreciation. In a word, Ins contention is th it tho idea that \us tiilu should stand alono is out of plate and not only (puto opposed to tlio loj al sentiments of tho colonists, mit absolutely against then nitoiests -ho election takes pi leo on Tuest! iv ne\t J Last week a dinnei was given to Mi. Unt, leadei of ilio Opposition, by his parliament uy and pnvato ft lend«, but from a publie point of viow it carno to nothing 'Ihu lion, geiitlom m's sjicech eomisted mostly of a roply to an attack n'-Tumt lum m îefoioiico to ii 8i\jcus' old transaction when Maustet of Rail «ajs JIo condemned tho Coiouvmcnt foi their lllcgil action in connection with tho chinese, hut his lemarks havo boen severely commented upon hythe Tiades lull Council. _______ SOCIAL AND GI.VI.UAU 'Hu- success of the Centennial JMnbition is now lull, assured, mid the commissioners have no doubt that the openimj will tako place on the dnte ii_c_, namely, the 1st A-sust, Considerable progress has been maele with the« reception of goodB in the v.clorinn und intercolonial courts, and aomo JOCO tons of German goods have either ar- me 1 ?. arc on the wn> Herr vVormuth, the eieei na commissioner for _orn)an>, baa ar [' .' «as also Mr John Gudwood, acere °i e l.uncnsliire court In the latter ' '" . 1 bi« about .00 exhibitors, and llie «cove cçcunicd will be about 70,000 square ¡J" Hie lollowmg is tho present allotment oi space - » _. MAIN BMLPlMl -Door Spaoo. Sn It. Orcit nrllaln »ml Lancsjlilr« . Il G JO ..- " . 3,0111) «.««wuiy. o.oio AT¡fT ¡lun.sry . 1,1.0 Uri«*. SUtis . sooo ,tal« .. .. nui indi, ;; .. - . jj<£ ki» South Wolei '" ', ' '(loo _ ictorla , 1"4'0 Wunrtlon court .. '" .. ^ox«. ?UM.OHAl.YANN_.ES "MtBrluln-nilUuc-ihlro .. 111,817 í,T-«. Oll 020 Awtro Uunpri .13 070 "thriiiit. ., j u_0 {«»¡¡»rhiid .. ;, ;; ;; «.-.oo «nit«-M»u« . .. I. . 37,600 luilunh ... . l»r,oo I.OOII1 Atistr_lla . .. .I 80 87. &T;'a,mt. " .. . ?"«?o C."^1»"'.fflll-T. í_,w».10 0(10 ifJ .. . -.760 Minor court, IndU-ln. s« edon T» N_r*f> «M»lu>. Kpiit,Turi.»«. '»>». s,i.|", bejclitllt., _l__s_iu -ÍÍÍ ii-î, u"f> J°lan« ««I'1"». 'I'«"». ttiiwln,J."ti,le.e,1,,"ot'ho exe-tive com 1iïil- fT °Á ,tl10 c,!'"fn»¡ul I..tornatioiml «Dor.*','. S0'0."*1 bur«ooJ. «ll0 treasurer, »lill» .' '? dat(! «vmouuted to i.10'1, Ub, -rehi_t,.llUltio,ml expenditure, , incl.ull.i_ reut- tm expenses, eninries \va_cn maur ance on pictures, iic to be incurred up to the 1st August, the dnte of the opening of the Exhibition was estimated at £"JS3 mukinE a total expenditure of £227 819 Chief luaticá Higinbotbam bus declined to withdraw h ia resignation of the position of president of the Centennial exhibition a Btep which he «us led to take in con°e quenco of the election of Colonel Sar good to the new otlice ot executive vice president with powers which the Chiet Justice considered o infringe upon the duties of the president himself Colonel Sur-ood has sine written a memorandum m repiy to the statements made bj the Chief Tustice Colonel Carcool re| results thnt verj Bhortly af'er the a| pointaient of the commission it was considered hy the e_ecu tive commissioners thut the uieetiiias were not being conduele 1 in sach a manner as to ensure the rapid disposal ot Lthibition 1 usi ness. This occasioned dissatisfaction, and Colonel Sargood s appointment as exeiutive nee presideutwassuggested Ihe president re "arded the proposal as a reflection on the manner in which he waa conducting the business and his Honour laid «trees upon his unwillingness to become a duiumypresi dent. Colonel Sargood describes the pr i ceediugs thut followed Ile could not con sislently with Ins own sell respect retain the position ot exeiutive vice president bccuise Chiet lustice Hi.inbothtm lisircd to mile that r situ n one oi complete subserviencv to the 1 xecutive Commission He vtus tnerelv to he their agent anti to receive and to cirry out their command"" and this view Colonel '.ireoodat once resented I he fjoveriimtnt have not jet tilled the v ic-int position hut it is understood that Sir lames Mitcliain 1 resi lent of the LeRislative Council will be appointed to succeed the Chiet Justice is presideut of the 3 xhibi tion the Major of Melbourne Rave his quarterly luncheon on the Jth niBt and the "ithennp; wns a most successful one \mongat the visitors present ivcre the Marquis of Normanby ex Governor of \ ictoru Sir I f Smith major of Adelaide Mr It lfnr lett Smith M L A New South Wales Commissioner to the Centenniil I xbicution Mr AV T M Larnach of New /ealaiid and Mr O PI lUgerald ot 1 ismailia In respot dine; to the toast oi Ins health the Marquis of Normanby remarked upon the great prosperity of the colonj urc,el the necessity of sniutarj improve mentí in mid around Melbourne mil advised the members of the Legislature to jealously guard the honour ot their re spectivc Houses anl to preserve the debites from unparliamentary lnnguo-e the toast of 'Hie Ministry was acltnow ledted by Mr Wrixon Attorney General who °aid that the action of the Government with record to the immic.ratioii of Chititse wits dictated bj an honest determination to uphold the law ot the calons and preserve Australia as a home for the 1 uropean race Mr Nimmo who also responded said that tin new Innre a bridge would he opened in a few weeks mid that everything was in readiness for the creation ot a metropolitan board of works The Parliament of Vic tona was acknowledged bj Sir James Macllain President of the I egislativeCouncil and Mr C Smith M LA Hie toast of Our \ isitors which w is Irunk with cor tlialitj ivis responded to by the îepresen tutives of the other colonies who assured the company of the desire of their respective communities to lend a helping lutiid in ni ilcniLc the Centennial Inhibition a great success and in promoting the cause ot Aus tr ilian federation The attitude of the Australian Natives Association upon the question of separation from the liritisb. 1 mpire continues to be warmly discussed Hie action oi a few members of the assomtion in Keeping their seats ut the recent anniversary duiner whilst the health of the Queen was drunk has been condemned and censured bj nearly all the branches but a Rood deal of attention li is been paid to the utterances ot the President Mr J L l'llrves O C ti ho described Imperial federation as a dream impossible of fultilmcnt, di clared that sepa ratton from the empire must come ero long and nidicited that it was the duty of the -issoci ition to prepare for that eient the Chiet hecretarj (.Mr Deal in) who is lumselt u member of the association, delivered what was regarde 1 is tht antidote to Mr 1 uriess speech in a lecture upon Hie Aims and Objects or the Austral! m Natives Association At the outset of his remarks Mr Deakin impressed upon his hi trers that the raemhers of the association were not bound in uuy way by the opinions, politicul or otherwise which nnj individual oflicer niifjit express ihe association was a beucht societj restricted to Austrthan nattvis who were under 40 j ears of a.e and diflerint, otherwise from other b»neht societies only m the fact that it aimed at the moral social and intellectual improvement of its members especially did it endeavour to (,iv e ita members a knowledge ot political and social questions which it was impossible to obtain elsewhere those who were not Australian horn were excluded not because tin Australian natives thought themselves at al I superior to their fathers bu t because others would enevitably bring with them into the association the old world feuds and preju dices mid make the association an old world institution Hie association aimed at viewing public questions from a national standpoint and there was no other orginisation which performed the same function i hey claimed tb it the association would possess an un purallcd power in this direction and that it would help greatly to call into being a pitrtotistn winch woul t accomplish -rent things m the time to come. J ht» new_-ailvvaj lines in the northern Buburba meluduig that from the Koj lil p tri to Clifton hill the 1 it/roy brunch the Chf ton hilt to the Johnston street portion of the 1 ichmond mid Alphington line anl the hue from Alphington to Heidelberg nnvo been opened for truihe nu have also the followui ncw lines and extensions in the country dis tncts -Lilj dulc to - orri Hats Stratum! to llurnsdile (17 miles) Moe to W nrrincton (lt_ miles) and S ile to Stratiord (b4 miles) V tender bus been accepted for the construe turn ot the Maftra and Lni.ilong line (li miles) An action has been commenced bj the \ ic tonin Cable traction Company against Hie Melbourne lramvvaja lrust claiminc,t_0 OOO for alleged infrui-iuient of patents obtuinc I by the commins these patents it is saul have been udopted in the cable trams now in use in Melbourne Hie plaiutifl company w re.tstcrcd m Lou Ion and it carries on busi ness th"re J he will of lohn Macpherson lormerlj a squatter in New South Wales who died at Nice miranee on March Jl lfèbb has been I roved in Melbourne Hie will was dated January JJ lSSb Ihe testator left no real estate but the personalty was sworn at i.10 000 Hie J rustics 1 xccutors und Acenij Comp iny were appointed executors Among the le"iicies are -JO 000 and 11,000 respectively to his two bruthers ilOOOO to his mother i'l 000 each to his nephews, and ii 000 Io the Australian Church Mr George Clarke, the ( hnstinn Ath lete has arrived from 1 nc,lunil and bus commenced ti mission m Melbourne under the auspices of the 1 vunc,clisation Societj An inquest which is exciting a creut deal of intirest is bein, held tina week upon the botlj of Mr 1 Iward Gillett mi elderly gentle man who expired at Spun» s Restaurant llourke-atrcet east on the -7th ult under peculiar circumstances Mr Gillett died I rom the elTects ot n lurte dose ot glacial acetic acid which waa administered to lum bj Mrs bpann through n mistake which, she nllec.es was mude by the decease 1 himself Her statement was that she took the deceased with whom she had been will acquainted lor a long time, to her privutc house in Lonsdale street with a view to 1 eeping bim away from liquor, in which lie had been indulging somewhit freely und that while there he exchanged n bottle con tainui,; a sltepmc, draught which hail been procured for bun tor a bottle similar in si/t und shape containin the cjatiul acetic acid which be took lrom the room of Mr bp inn, juii W hen lie returned to the restaurant with Mrs Spann in the evenint, he handed her the bottle which he- hut brou.ht with lum in lim pocket, and she, in the dusk bctorc the gas was lighted poured ubi ut halt of it into a "hiss and cave it to lum thinUint, it was the sleepin- draught Hu drunk it almost ut a c,ulp, und im raidiatelj cried. I ve taken the wroncstuli that s poison lie wus burned to the hospital and treatc I mid returned to tho restuurant apparcntlj out of danger, but a few hours later he suddenly collapsed and died Hie important fact that the deceased had a short tima before his death made ii will, in which he left tbe whole of bis pro perty, valued nt about £ 1000 to Mrs bpann absolutt Ij, wau not mentioned by ber 1 Ins fact was communicated to the police in the lirst lustance, bj the relatives ot the de ceased who insisted upon a full and search inc. inquiry being made into the wholo of the circtimHtuuceu of the case 'Ibis is now bein" done by the city coroner A grund orchestral concert was given in tho 'town hull on Suturdnj nii.hr, the Dtli inst, which wau listened to with "reut satisfaction by u very largo audience 1 he bund consisted ot SO performers under the baton of bigtior Itobcrto Union Itali s " Lenore symphony was given m its entirety with powerful effect. Other selections from lindon Handel Bee thoven Leo Delibos and I'oucluelli were also well rendered bicnorinn Itcbottaro, Misa Loti Mr C M J ¿.dwarda and Mr '1 II Morton were the vocalists 1 he whole affair wa» organised and successlullj curried thruucji by Mr J I aw 1 he Metropolitan Liodirtntc!, conducted bj Mr Julius Her/ cuve a concert for ceiitlcmen only in tho M llmurno Athen cum on Monday evening 7th Mui, which was very largely attended and wns honoured by the presmcc oi lies 1 xcilliiicj the Governor Sir Henry Lodi and the Marquis ol Normanby ex Governor ut Victoria 1 hu tnlcrltiimuent was ten dereel us ii compliment to the last-named dis tmguiabed visitor-a great friend to the society during his term of oilice-and in that sense was kindly acknowledged by him On the sume evening Messrs Hughes an I Jinkms introduced their new venture to the Melbourne uudieuces nt 'tho lowu hall Ibis is the Jungfrau Ivapellc Swiss Bund and Mountain tjin-er« constat ing of fourteen performers-men womcti and loung people Tlieir picttireanne costume tlieir songs jodels and churuses and their novel instrumental combinations lound livour with the audience an i hnvc been han Isomeh patronise i ever since On tlie 12ili inst Mr Hu-o Gurht? inaugurated a twelve weeks aeasonof opera ml nghsbattf _ Opera house Hour! e street, with the prriorm ance of the Bri le ol Limmernioor Miss \my feherwm is i most eihcient prmiu donna fin 113 supporte.i bj Mr Vlfred \> llkie t nor Mr Vvoi D Sa\on b intone mid Mr Arthur ilubburl bass His i xccllency the Governor and Lady Loch were pieaent and there vv is a gre it atteudunce 1 he b mdcon slats of TO plijera and the chorus ot n0 voices. Herr 1 enrío bclicrcl is the connue tor Dur ne the iortmghc Hie third an 1 fourtu concerts of the loth se ison of the Mel bourne Popnlir Concerts under the clicectt n ol Mr 1 Ii (juenett hive been given null business and irttstie success V new musí ctl organisation cilled the Cboril liar m mc Societj uu 1er ti c direction oi Mr Otto Linden give their first c ncert in the Melbourne Ulicn cuinou iucdiy ni"bt the 1 111 mat lhere was u numerous audience I ides cmtati The Crusaders «via "Hen with pianotorte accompaniment ?Múdame Christian Mr A 1 illett mci Mr Graham \\\ llliama werf solo vocalists Hie chorus consisted of about JO voices In the nuscell meous part of the programme Miss J illie Gollm ick und Mr Georg» \\\ eaton were the solo pianiste and solo violinist respee tivelv Hie society aims at reproducing the works of old musters as well aa those ot tile modern school UTI CII1M SL OUESltOV The question ot Chinese immigration con turnes to occupj a large measure of public at tention throughout the Auatralasi in colonies ?Mince our list summary three more vessels have arrived Irora China bringing al together witii those who carne by the Afghan a total of about 7f0 Chinamen 1 his number is con Biderably in excess ot that which the vessels are allowed to carry un 1er the existin" law and many of tile naturalisation papers pre sente 1 are known to be fraudulent As pre viouslj indicite I however the Government ot V letona was induced by the popular out cn to refuse admission to tin) Chinese what ever the Chinese ports berne: declired in fected with the view of enabling that to be done Hie Chinese who cameby the direct steamers had to be taken on to bjdnej whilst 11 Chinese brought luther by an intercolonial steamer were sent into quarantine the Government refusing even to accept nrtjraent of the poll ta\ of £10 a head Steps are how ever bein«, taken to test the legality of the action of the Government in the law courts and negotiations are in progress which may lend to an amienble arrangement so fur na tina colony is concerned 1 he 1 reabj terian General Assembly has ni the meantime written a protest against the action of the Government which ia characterised as being arbitrary and hign handed Hie present agitution the ussc-ibl) believes is wholly unre .sonable und it cunnot sec how the treatment of the Chinamen in the vessels which have recently como to this port can be justified on grounds of justice and humanity I ut strained us the action o£ the \ ictorian Government muj have been it lias been quite overshudowed by the extremes to which the Government of ï.ew South Wales is resorting A suggestion made by the Govern ment of South Australia that a conference ol tue colonies should bo held to dcci le upon a united representation to the Hone Government met with general upproval All that remained was to lix. place and date when the Ne. South Wules 1 renner m nounced that he was about to introduce in the 1 arl lament of that colony a drust c measure dealing with the subject. Hie Home Government he averred ha 1 neglected Australian interests in the matter and he proposed in his own colony to observe treaty obligations by imposing upon Chinese residents restrictions similar to those that are placed upon 1 njishmcii resident in China Ilia bill accordui_l) pro vides that the fee for the re"istntion of Chinese residents shall be £10 the charge bein" an annual one Hie bill will tike efiect Irom 1st May and no tinturaba ition pnpers will be issued in future 1 very Chinaman shall whether arriving by lan 1 or se i pay £100 before being admitted into the colony and if ship captain» bring more th in one for every 500 tons of registered toni) ige they w .11 be liable to ii penalty ol ¿oOO 1 he Chinese arm m" in future will be restricted for purposes of resi lence trude i.e. to Sydney Newcastle and three other pluces to be determined on bj the Governor mid will only be allowed to travel m the intonor on obtaining passi orts Ihediacussion of tile measure m the -New South \\\ ules l'.uli iraeiit is proceeding but it is causing the greatest nm v/ement and resentment in Victoria an 1 elsewhere notoulj on accourt ot the attack made upon the liberty ot Chinese residents of whom there ure some 10 000 m .New South N\ ulea-but becuuse it muy miiki. it impo3 Bible for Austral) i to obt tin what ia desired a treaty with Ghina similar to that which has been concluded by the United States ex eluding Chinese immigrants from the conti ncnt tor a fixed period M0M-1AR\ AND COMMERCIAL Ile Aigi s Ofliee thursday I vening Since our last summary a revival has taken place in transactions in real property and some rather extensive sales have been cuected \mongst them may be partieu laribed the premises covering about 2_ acres on the south si ie of the \arrn occupied by Messrs 1 is Miller and Co for the sum ot £100 000 an I premises lower down covering about t acres at present used for timber storing tot £80 000 It is only a few years since the \ ictorian Government sold the former property for £ 000 aud the latter for £0 000 Turee pro! ertiea havo ulao changed hands in Oueen street Prell a buildings No > Oueen street with a Iront age of ii lit du hiving been sold at clone upon ISO 000 and a frontage without build lugs at £1 000 per loot. It is reported th tt the premises occupied by the New /eulnnd Loan und Mercantile \genc\ Compiny Limited have been res Id at a profit of lrom £70 000 to thO 000 1 lie promotion of com pames has ii.iin been active but the latest conversions oí iiivutc business have not been eo lurge na lormer conversions A slight tendency to atringencj lina 1 egiin to manifest itself lue banks gent rally show a disposition to restrict a i vanees und we li ive heard of re deposits by hnunciul institutions benn, calle 1 in 1 he banka arc Undmg it diflicult to procure all the exchange upon London they leciutre the ex ports as lsusui'nt this season ot the jeir, being on a limned scale J xports ot gold have latterl) been larger than lorsome time post, lu April the amount shipped w is ioOl 121 (the Mint issuing only £-Si 171 for the month) and ainte 1st mat over £".00 000 baa been remitted Hie great expans on in the Clearing house returns 1 nely notice I continues a prominent feature of (mau ciul mattera 1 hus tor the 1 ist fort night the total clear ince has been UI0S3_.il. "Leinst «lr 101 tor the corresponding tortn.ght last year Hie total clearance from 1st January to 14th May has been £llb Obi 00 against £61) t__ 100 for corresponding peno I oí 1SS7 Hie intense activity ot the last few months has not lessened Commercial aflairs have "enerallj leen dull Hie markets arc in full supply of most descriptions ot merchandise 1 be distnbut ni{¡ trudc has been of tair volume an I sound credit being well sustained Hie wheat market is m a drugging condition princq ally owing to the dearth ot toni_i"e One vessel the Lock Katrine has been chartered for U K orders and she is now Io idm" about .0 000 bags wheat ut an ni erage cost bare!) ov er ia 4_d tob Millers have bought at ¡« II to ¿a 4.J Hie wea) er holders of vvheit have bet ti selling to larger holders at up to the latter quotation Owing to tho lurge out nut stocl s of Hour aro accumulating Inore ia a possibility that shipments may be na le to Lnglumt the intercolonial markets being almost monopolised this vear by the Adelaide millers, the sugar market IB steady at the unprecedented!) low ratea lately ruling Ino consumption is good but stocks continue heav) Mauritius best whites in poclcts are worth £-"- 15a and browing crjsuils £21 China sugar | nuctpally second whites h is been sold to the extent of about 150 tons Shipments from Hong Kong are likely to full off the refiners there being dissatisfied with rcsultB obtained here J ho position as re gurds tea ia unaltered the home consumption continuing good On saturday last, l.th mat the bonded stocks consisted ot ____ chests (principally Indian) 72 141 half chests and 71 4 ii boxes showing nu increase tis compared with bonded Btocka of correspon 1 mg dato of 18S7, of (78 cheats IO,--, half chests and 21828 boxes lhere is a fair trade demund tor medium congous mid for low to medium Indian descriptions but it is hard to re IIIBC vaina tiona tor line Indians All obtainable supplies (say about 4 000 packages) of low congous liave been bought up and prices have been slightly advanced J utc goads have continued vers dull Holders of woolpacks from lost ye ir ure anxious to quit mid would take vi rj low prices. 1 he bonded stocks amount to b (107 hales a quantity more thun BUfliticnt to provide for local and export requirements for the rest of tin rear ( nmancka ure dull and have been sold at Blight). o\er Ga. Bran baga have been helling at 4s 7d to Is 8 i and ace becoming scarce Gunnies have again been sold at 4« Gd Canules arc about $d lower than a Fortnight ago bnt are iirm at thia basis About 4 00Ö cask- cement on spot sold at lbs, bd to 17a. ex whare lish, both tinned and Rait is very dull J he market in fruits shows no improvement Bv the purchase ot gooa parcels of currants and sultanas now landing the stocl 3 of those descriptions ITP more concentrated Prices realised have been -] or currnnts Jjd to b,d aultanas o^iL to _-l, clemes l"d to ii and \nlenuas _f 1 Chemical- ure quiet, with silts of citric actd, cream of t irtur tart »ne icid ai d ] ujish refined eulipetre at rates onlj coverin- cost Gal vmiael iron is greutlj overstocked, and priced have, iccedul to a mean of .bout ¿17 10a I cnui.4 wire HUB be n bought up the extent ot about 1000 tons and a large trade demind bas been filled at ¿11 for AN U \o 8 kuo.euc oil continues active at Is _i lois _'d for high test and at Is tola 0_d tur medium test Castor oil l8 i shade we dei and is belling at 2s ~a lu bond 1 nu bur continues in brisk dertand Haine floorLU¿ bhowiiu *v light ad\ mee at the recentuuctious while Oregon his hau Iar¿,e s iles bank. Rates -Discounts arc unehanced lor three months bills _ per cuit is charged, and bejond that carrenc\ 7 per cent. Interest on overdrawn accounts is 8 per cent per annum lhue lins been no chanpc in the ratea of mterest winch ure as follow -Deposits tor _ months - per cent for 0 months _ per cent,, and for 1J months 4 per cent 3 xchange.-Tor GO da>s si"ht bills on London the rates are unaltered as follow - Uu>ing par, and sühug _ per cent, pre in turn Ihe latest dates received are na follow . Trom London, (April b New "\ork, March ti, han 1 rauctsco, April G, Bombay April 7, Mauritius April JJ, Hong Kong, April Jl, loochou, April l8, Manila, April 10 RLVIMV 01 'lllfi SIOCK AND SIlArU. MAKK]_J A ver) Iarpo business in this market dunns the past fortnight lor bank shares and other leading investment sto ka there has been stead) demand throughout and nearl> ntl close at coi siderabl> ad v aneed prices. The principal changes have been n CK}, Commercial and \ ¡ctorian Banks , Heal Instate BanI which has risen IDs per share Australian Property and Investment 1 s Gd Ii cn 1-3 Arnold m ii Company which aftci rcced.n" 10a closes 10s.ov cr opening value and ott er advances ha\c been -Mer can ti le (irnuce and Ouarantee JL. Silverton Tram ivaji 10s GrcU, and Murra) ¿s \letona land 03 ilclbouruo Iramwaj and Omul bus s Brew in. and Malting- 2d. ed , and Castlemaine Brewer), us Ul per share Metropolitan __g hive been an exemption to the general improvement mid soil -i loner Oulv a ino 1 rate »mount of business done 111 ¿old shares those on the ¡sebastopol I liteau Ballarat havine; u ost attention Band and Alt on Coi iola ha\u p [,ood silo up to 11s. advance, .-tar ot the East up to l_s. ad vanee and ¡south "*tar 4<e Jil ad.ance with hiuhcr rated ruling (or moot of the coin) ames on the lim. The nae In these stocka is due to satisfactory ucv elopncnta In the Band anti Albion a id the h tar of tho East u nie« Duke (Timor) have r_io 4s j er s) are, ti ueh in proved irosjccta reported I^np; runnel L\tondcd Valhalla had in udora to business but closed at reduce 1 .¡rices Mount Morgan Q le-iisiand have had cood baie at rib 1 _ pn es shares closin0 atitlU 10s which reprc ?»e na a marl et value of ten "viid a hulf e.uinea«in this colon) A lar 0 dill) business has been done II sil\ r comjKuilcs silures but the course of the market baa bn.11 unBatiofactor) to holders heavy rediietiot s having had to be submitted to in order to eflcct »alc-e Tho prineipil chañáis bavo been 111 I rokcu hill I roprieUr. « hieh fell from £_J7 to Je1* 7, but hav e tin co recover d to £ b Block 14 winch have fallen "üa Junction 133 "south 2Ge Round hill __ Od aid Cordillera hill 40s per share. Broken hill rroprietarv mine continues to yield well the return tor the fortnight letup 111 -iJloz. silver from i lol tons oro Yerj littlo I name a has becu done in the silures of tin minim, corni ani -1 but the reported ) art 1 ii recovery of the 1 nee of tin in Lou lo 1 lias causcu rather more inquirj during the past week, »ni better prices rule at close for Brothers No 1 in mania Mount Euriowie and Mount 1 dot IS b \\\ Tlio mona, market coi tinues cas) Ihe following are the I u) int. and selling' quotations and prices ol «.".les effected - I a Ik» -Australaa a seller £9G Australian Do posit and JiortLmre L J Miare seller Ü47 10a. A us tra ¡lau Freehold Bankin*, Corporation (je- lüa Bhare) *ai_i (Os City cf Melbourne sates £o 12s. ta i._ 1 «s _J Colonial of Australasia sales £U 10. Com inercia) tules i.0 lbs. to ¿10 1 ederal fates 71s to .Os (k1 Freehold Investinei t and Laulcim. buyer £13. do £_J pall bu. cr £ 4 Imperial salea "ls £U to '..j bd Land Credit, bu) cr 44e Gd Uni Moriese sales 31s ixl to Ms bd Mtr cintile »ales Ula Gd to C_J Gd do new issue sales .li Metropolitan sales _u. üd to ^ a. 01 National, salea -ii It)J to J. 10 National (Ad laide rL-üster) sales U 183 Ne v Zealand tuver £1° "s od seller JLl_ 103 New Zealand (Aucklind reciater) 1 u)cr¿l" _* txl seller i-lJ 7s. 6d Queensland National s*ics X.i Ifs. Beal i^stato sai s ¿.t) u Od to i.0 lba. uiiüii sale->-b0 lui toJebl Mctora sales JL13 10a. to Li J I Gas -Bnchton nales ° i Metropolitan paies ¿lu 1 1^ \A toiljlbfl td Willianiitowti bu)cr4 s Ud eellcr44s Insurance-Australian Alliance bujcr.Ü Colonial Mutual Ure sales 4s »M1 Inlenintv 1 ayer l"s. .National calca 14s. Cd Southern hales J's IJtiildhi^ _ocieüesu-Cit) of Melbourne sales £J Its us Í.Ü Count) of llourko seller £UU Ex cclalor Mutual sales ¿.J "S (k1 to 1^ 3. Hderal biii cr i.tf, seller LU us. Langri ige M itt al sale* £ti 17s. bd to ¿.Ol')«. Motlctn Permanent seller Lb 5s -lelbourno lenuaneut iu)cr L" salier £i las Iremier sales LQ lb* to ¿0 "s. b) to JLÖ 1_L Bo)at lermauent, bujtr ¿b _s od \ ictorian I erina tent bu)cr ilO l.s Gd, seller £10 IJS \letona Mutual sales £14 Breweries &c; -Drewine and Maltlnc (Melbourne) sales -Ja id to tis. to os (K1 Casca le (Hobart) ! Bal ti 0s. bd Castlemaine (Melbourne) sales S >s to 05a. Gd, do (Newcastle) sale* ^K 4d to "Oi Colins sales 17a. ¿d to 17s fitr_eraids sales t Kyneton sales 11s IXi Llndsavs seller JJn. MCrockcns sales Us.Cd toi s MonWoineriös sales Ja tu 1*3. Icrkins's(Quixi]slati I) bu)er JS., seller _ s. Cd sales S4s to Its. bd do (uuvv) buyer Xi keller Ms. Gd hw an seller 1 s 01 ¡shamrock sales u* ul to 9s. Od Tan ka ni Maltlnc; sales HK Vic 1 toriri solea 17s. .d to lbs to 17s (J Woods s , Yorkshire, sales 13s to los. bd Trustees and fcxecutora Companies -Auitrillan 1 IN ntl vet, eales Ù«, Od to 6s l_d to -« Sd Colonial , Permanent Trustee, sale» 11. to Ila. Cd -quit) sates Gi od to Ga Guardian bU)cr Ils IVational Trustees sales bä. to °4s. od to .is Od Perpetual fcAccutore and Trustees seller 50s. I'erpetinl Trustee (V ** V\ ) seller 14s Trustees . \ecutont and A/cno bU)erX Us do (second series) sales XT 6s to -7 7s. Union irustees bujer 24s. , seller Misi-ellaneous,-Australian Financial Agency an 1 Guarantee sales 3!* to _J»c bd to 34s. .d Ans irAlaflian Mort*,»ce and AKCIICV seller (i-s bd Aus trolian lroperty and Inruatiuent sales ¿.li ds to ¿,10 i< ul to £11 -* ut Assets and Ucahsatlon sales -23. Gd to Mi ííay Lxouraion seller -Ob Coomb, and Co solus Jl«. to 29s Gd Colonial Investment (±.lpoid) salen _t» lo 42^ to 40s. do (nov. 10s paid) sales _is ltd to -a. Gd to -4*, do. (thint lnsuc) sales °_d od to Jäi ballet) and Co wics Lu lfs. David Munro an 1 Co tales 0s ¿d Equitable Co operative sales 1-8 (>d Exchange (V shares) salefl lia. do (li share-:») salen Hi to 1 a. to 13* w 13s Gd -edcrat Coffee Itiuoe i-»U-i lsifl to l_s od _ra."er ai t Comían) sales l_s. Gd Gentril I i nanee sil LU J la. Gd to («e to 3,1. Gd ûe tie ral Land »ile. £1_ lit Grand Coffee Pal set; bales b"* to 6b Greis an 1 Murray tmles it to % Gd to "0*. 3<1 t.ilJ<*i.e 0411 Co , sales lui Gd II nry An old ut d Co , sales £1 1 to JLll ¡X to LI l_s (1 ilctton Coal, tu>er-_) 11\ lrauhe sales 17« 4d. to Hi. M 1 Mtebeii and Sot sand A) olio Rales S0-* l_ui,»ands fplllldry Compai ) sales )$ bj to 0s ) t Mel bo irnc fatoraj,e salis Die Gd to 4Ss to t»0* U Lnau Urof ai I Hl_w silet C35 to Uts id Mer cintile Huanco and (..uarantce Co, sales Lu GJ to JLS _«. do (new Issue) sale« iii 4s t) _S h MltU_onP t u\ec _û*e Mutual btore sales ¡>JS to G-d ^urtl eoto brick s-ics K to Gs od 1 eople s _ reehuld salei .d od J eriuevvan W n.ht and Ca buv cr (k, seller Is I roj>crt) anl lurchisc buv cr lo*. Gd 1 Golds brough an 1 Co sales o_s t»d to _la od to J-H Ul milverton Irani vav tiles t>0_ to IKi*. to Ola. to 101a Gd silverton 1 ram wa) (paid up) uu)cr L i Boiler L 4 10». Ralc-£ 1 ¿¿toi. I l.s. Squatting Invest nient «.vies Is to 4 u. ul Stevenson aud bons tudu ¡Oi Gd to i-i Theatro lto)ai, bu)er £ 0 lús. eller L _ lramnav aid Oiiiult u» sales ftfs to s to M-e 11 \ letona Coítce 1 -lace sales JS. \ictoria I anl sties s. Ul to JOH to CU M Oold Mil cn- Burke ant Will*, sales s ti to Oí! M to S.U1 Ila t at 1 Albion talei li. toOW od to SiÄ ui 11 lu 0 t uni s&xb;) I U)er r.-e ( I I errv Consols sntcn x_ lCs Berry N 1 1 Bales 44s Ul to 44i 9d Cattierti o Beef Unite 1 sale» / II Central I late ,u sales b3 k1 Chalk s, buyer is. Chalks jNo 1 »iles 2_, Col ti ann and Tacchi nat s 5s 0d to t lil Duches'» Tribute- wicdus l.d ti fs M Duke Timor sales lal k1 to tu Fast hone Mcnj, nales Us Od to lUs. to 10s ut l-ßerton lu)er lb*. te.vptiau seller l-l H Garibaldi seller 1 M 01 bollen Aec sal s s to bit «d boden ljkc bi)cr 0s Great _\ tel d 1 Hustlers, sales »>4_ to obi to Ms. llc¡ burn Bil ta te siles 4G» I'd to-Jívi John soi ti I liver -ÍÍ KonL MCJIJ, nales 44s to 41s Od La-arus No 1 bales Ut iii to Gs. U 1 I emu fannel sell r ",L 10s Ixmh Tunnel t \\.tLi*ded sales L " tu ¿J* 1 js.to L 110s Madame Herr), sales U fis to -11 1-s Gd to Li ' (-j Mount Morgan tulcí £. iSs to X.10 l_s M Napier buvcr'i's seller 0« New lilac Jacket sales JÙH Id Ho lbs Ul New Chum Consolidât* d sales 4JJ bd toibi Gd ivcv Chum btilted, bu>er "Is atti r -.s. New Cob. I uoor sales 1-s to 9s to lus I New St. Mm (ro bu>crhs 1)1 ^c\v toombon t*lei lbi. to 14 s Od Northern Star sal alls (M to Ha to 1-s Od North John ou-J sales 1IH Gd to _. Nortli l_on¡r Tunnel, sales O» to s. to 1 1 t I North alienando»! _Ucs Hi GI to K-. -d O Connor s freehold tile* 4 te to tus I earl bu)er 47s Gd (Queens Malmsburv, sales s Gd tolls BOHO of Denmark bu)trlij_GJ sebastoiral i ktcau sales Hu bd tlunanloali sates Is. Gd to 23' to It s. 4.d ¡sloane a and scotchman t buv cr 4&C; seller tOri South licvouahirt eales te lid bout li New Chun soirs 17s. to 14s to 14s Gd South St, MUDLO salt-s UP. tolUi ul So utii btvr Ita la rat, sales l_s IXi to lfe* to 1 s htar of the "ast sales Ms lo "_i to IIÍ.H. Ji to Ols buliemau lasnv sale-ilt-- Ol tol"H Od to Ibu 0-1 Toombon sales otu. to 0(s Ul Weat Lout»h1Ui bu)er 14s Workln« Umtr» United sales bs. k1 »liver Min « -Broker hill DJock 14 Falo £3 IS* to i."(H tobS'-s to £7 1-s Broken hill junction sales 100 to l-Os to 0 la to ST« Broken hill I roprlc Ur) S_1P^ £ftG7 to £ 7 to £S?r to i-4u to £ DS. Broken hill Gout li (paid) sajes LU 1&. to L" l(w. to £0 11-e to £7 6s. to LA 1-s. Gd to £~ 1 Is. Gd Broken hill houth r-xtoolid nalos -3M Od to 18s to 13s. 91 British Broken (paid) salts i > to £4 ii to £4 IM. Ul to £4 1J-i Central Broken hill (j sid up) sales tin. to t .a. to .^s to 48s (*i Cordillera Bates bus (ki to IDs. to 4bs (x1 to 4(s Commodore sole. 12s to 10s Cosgroves Broken hill (midi, sa es 16a, (k1 tolßs to lis. Kveleeu --JvlcsIUUl Oil wy (liri salmliH Imporiai (piid) salw l¿s. to CK Jd Lcvrls louds sales "St, ta .Is to .4s. to "Is Mount Costifruti soles J.s to 41s to ftoj Gd North Urol on hill sates 4ni to ISs. ti 14a Od to Jin. to bis. td to Jfs. 4yd North an 1 South Cordillera, sales ljs to 0s tolls Gd do (poid) sales li* k1 to lOi to 10» Gd 11 lvvood sales lb» Od to 1-4 Gd to U-C Gd Htinacle Tribute, salei li>9 to Us Gd to 13s 3il HSaliij; Sun salui -Is. 0J to 17a. 3d ltound hill nales £0 IDs to£bl~J Gd Silver hine, sales IDs. to las to ".a. 01 to ¿Ou. Vaiilerbllt sales IDs to 10s Od tolUiM \ iutoria Cross satos )M to lJs Gd Wiiiti. Leads solus 10s. (k1 to 14s Gd Tin Mines.-Briseis sides£U to£fi 7s Gd to£f. IDs. Brothers No 1 sales 3U toil!» to JO« to BJ* Od to 3-s Od Qanbaidi, seller 30. Melbourne, seller Is Mount Lisoholf buyer £0° seller £05 Mount Euriowie 1 ujer £7 15s. sales £0 to-ti Sa Mount Pilot sales Jts. to 353. Od SIOCK AND SHARE LIST .MAT 17. C1 .1 luOOOO i jooa M0e<eo 15 OCX) WHXki -«0000 ,00000 fooooo I^t0.a0 Viet Got G per cents duolSSS V let Ga«/ 6 per cents duo 1S94 Viet Go« * per cent stock Melbourne Corporation 0 per cent Melbourne Corporation 5 per cent Metropolitan Gas f per cent M and HBO Railway 6 por cent. M aud li ß U Railway o per cent. -outhllalesSperccnt duelOO. /elland 4perccn_ Qucctisland 4 per cent . Queen land c- per cent_^^ PIBLIC CovtrAMU. 14««j0o 2J u&eoJ; 5 50000 IO "¿wo io 400 60' 10 o line, io lOeWOO 1140SOO .00000 w l cooo! IO lOCWOO IO loOCOOO ÏJ lUXfJOO! 40 1000000 .0 "0000 "0 4 00OO- 5 «IXJOOO S U 000] "j G 5001 10 ajooo o 14SJI 6 -0000 l8 JO, 50000 40000 44JJ6 JOOOO, C_abû G.J0O0 lOllkd 1016\. Jl .ooooo. 40000 440_> 25000 ^Australian Dopt 1 O' and Mice Bank J r.D-1 Bank Limit. '1 Do now issuo (.¡'Colonial of Austral l.Coranicr lal ot Aus tralla Limited 4 National ol Austral asia "O'No.t ¡south Wales 0 J (Victoria (Mel reg I HDo (Loudon re.) l'Land Mortga; IO Now Zealand !- Union 40 Australasia -London Chartered o! Australia '0 English Scottish _ I Aus. Chartered J City ot -clbourno J Federal of Australia J rrcehol 1 Iniest ) mont aud Banking I Co. -Mercantile Hank ol Australia Ltd I OAS COUPAMES. IO Ballarat 5 Bel di"-o 6 Castlemaine 10 Daylesford (Limited) 5 Gcclon_ .Metropolitan I IV3CRAM 1 «uatralian Alliance i National Fire Insur i «-outii.ro Insurance ¡.Victorian Life-Gen i Victor!* lusurauco (Limited) j MlsCXLLANrotS f Dal.ety and Co i Fitzgerald s Brewer) 1} Mcreanlilo r and O \- Union Mort«raae and f Agency Co. 1 Colonial lnv and) J Agcnoj f l'RGoldsbrou.h&Co; l.Truntees Executors and Ageucv 2 Amt, Mortgage and Agency lCasUemno Brewery I Melbourne Brewing and Mulline 1 'Mctbourno Tramvx ay I ai d Omnibus 2 Mutual btoro "003 ! CJs 3121. 1-Os "ejs. HU- IOS "Í 1303 101)8-1 24s. j 611s ' Terrys West end Brett cry Equitablo Co-opera two Society Perpetual Exccutors and Trustees Co KAII.-AIS Deniliquin i. Moama «Including bonus t 1_3. paid up LIVESTOCK. KLPOI.r During the past fortnight about 4 COO cattle 491 cal« es 4 SOO sheep aud J 900 lambs havo passed through the market ) ards at Flemington rat Cattle -On tho 9th lust prices ad« »need Iron« 103. to 1J3 per head o.cr former «reeks rates lhc tollo«.Ing VVednesda) i r ces ruled firm wtillo nilddlini, to u e lui qualities on the following Thursday receded los per head 1 rime pens ol bullocks Bold at from c9 10s to £10 l.s extra to £1" 5- gooel from J, 103 to £3 10s. second at d inferior __ 10« to £0 10 Prime j>ei s ol cow s Irom ¿0 to A.7 oxtra to £S 23 («I other* £i 10s. fat Calves.-I rices ruled sligntl« I ctter Prut o sold at from «Jos. to OOs. good las. lo fjos second an 1 inferior nj3 to S s tat Sheep -On the titi) inst the tone of tho Harket veas brisk and prices sdiaaccd about bel per head Tbo tallowing week ti o demand teas firmer wiUi an upttard tendency Inn o cross tired «tett era froi i Us Od to le_ o-tra primo aud heavy isa to Os. good 11s to las. ed others Iron) S3, i nine crossbred eves 1-s to 1.« \ riu o i icnno wet) crs 12a to 14« Od accordh g to ««eight good 10_ to 11s. middli " and interior toss rut Lau b3.-«ales wero brisk at high tigiii Prime sold at from 10s ud to 11s. Gd extra prune 1.3 ed to 14s. good .s ed to Ja niiddlliiL to Ss _ SniP.->.G TOR 'Hil. rORlNIGHl POUT 01 MELBOURMC A-itivAtÄ ANO C< EAnANcrs bis«- OUR LAST SuiiMAnr [A Au crican Au Austrian B British U A British American Bclg ULun Bo Boll« ian Br Ura-iltan Cb Chillon D Ditch Da Danish I« 1 rouen G German L Italian N l.orwei,ian P Iortu"uc_e Ir lerutiaii It lui-slan S Sw edith sp Spailsh sie, ship bq barque bg brig sch echooner as, steamar J May Anmvri 4 1 ort Denison B _s JA S li Orr London i bert leo and Co 4 Galatea B ah 1 01)4 VV Colville, London Jas. Sert ice aid Co 4 Big Bonanza A «li 1 399 C J Andrews Boston Newell and Co 4 balami» ¡i ah 10 9 VV Phillip, London _ Dal get) and Co Limite«! 4 Ar"omeiie B sh I em" A M Causland London -I ol ort \ irgoe ai d Co 6 J tim I orter L. bq __3 A A VV alker, London 1 ohirt Y irgoo aud Co ¡> Ilomail Kinplre- B sh 1 642 E D Alston, Lon don D A Madden and Co 6 btoclficld B bq 1 .jl A If Robbins London V r"oc bon mid Chapman 0 llaritnd B hh 1 -»» li. It ridwoll Port D18 cover) loiget bound Jas Henty aud Co 5 Sclnlranlis N bq ) 01S VI Audrcscn Frederick stad Jas Henty ami Co. C Oro tri of Scotland B sh 15 0 Jas. Smith I iver| oo) Lorimer Itotne a 11 Co 10 Ori-aUa, ICM S s u ib4 Ooo N Conlan, Lon Ion £c ü blw, llri.lit ai d Co 10 J VV Giidemelster U sh 1010 0 Meyers, IrcJorlcksUd I VV I roll a el Co 11 >-ala-!e isa 4 "0 J Boulard Marseilles Ac Dulcet) and co Lin ite'd Id l!otieiu>tauIen Q sa. i090 I Kessler Bremen, «fco. Ci.tcruioyor De vez. and Co. Liuiltod 13 l/)ta Cli sh 1 04 A Join ion ban francisco New Zealand Mortgage l_tud and I manee Oom p n« li 1 elphlnc Melanio lr bq 11-', J Granglcr San Francisco b Do Beer and co lu bl Mildred 0 oh ljJ .1 Scott Glasgow John lihth .«ni Co IG lemnos« U b¡ gi John Woodhouse Ant «.one Ostermc)cr Dene« and Co Limited lu Aug isla N bq b S o Hai sen, Draiiinicn Master Ma) elm sn mr 4 Oceana K.1ISS UJU (I j Ac Geo Withers 4 VV metre«! U sh 1 3 J W Gibbs Bright an ! co 10 hsbro ile 1 bq, i 1 S Arnaud Quail) ni g aud Co 11 Orient le M <! S. o 000 J It liidler, Loudon _c Gibb« Bright and Co Hector Loudon, I bills london lan Loch Shiel II sh 1 "13 J Itadford London J bal der_)li and Co 10 v«dno) I s.» _,074 P rellegrin, Marseilles, _e Dal,,iitv and Co. Limited SUir_ CIl Uli DOUI vMlUCOLONIVL PltOUUCU M«v I Occai a li M.S « for Undon -TOO I Is wool 15" oNlu. tlie-r 1 Is skins. 004 iu"ots tin 111 bags ore I S«0 lh«"9 bark HScks 7cs«tinc lucks saccharine b-u bass « heat 11 141 ca Irult 00 ca potatoes 0 qr eke uliishy qr etea rum St pegs oilmen s store« 40 l les merchandise au 1 S bxs specio (valuo _1 41,1) VVInctrcd lor I on ion-3 «X13 spokes 10 cs spirits 3 bl« horsehair 0 I Is kapok 10 1 ags horns 10 | kits hides I ! bgs eO| ra, -1J toi s ai d 7 Wj,s bol es 0 201 lags wheat 41 bl« sbce|3)lns 9 bis basils 1 J 0 bia uool ..OblM leather 0 | |s 11 j cU I 003 ! kLs tallo II "4 bags bark qr cks eu c« v«i íes 1 oto Uga Hour 5\. pi ns iiierchai dise 40 tks U«l 10 tthroufe (or Guan -I I orse? 1 do water c1 I aus horsu leed 4 c1 s colo i ul i Mil 11 Orient for London -J 1) bis wool Ila 1 0 HM tallo v I Is leather Ike« w wll-kt i_ bl* bis I* J t\3aoterei-iis(«.lbo000) 117 1 i,e3 m rch.i disc 1 Mtrl I_)c>i billet, for Lou ton -510 ingot« spelter " 1 k_« | crl liner) 14 b13 scrolls 047 ba.3 -ark 9 11« twine 1UJ hairs scoria 1 1.S1 eljl tai low 10 t IB loaUier a d 1 11 leather i iccu ü c3 tv i e bl) bl« glue pieced 00 bigs vtheat 1 qr ck« whisky lu. bl« ti amita, lured tobacco quantil« horns mid bene IJ bl« »hceiMl la« eui druu a sulphate lin I bis remnants. 1 S.,4 bis wool bol es t rescrv nibil-. (KI bis basils DOO es priser ed meats JO pk|,3 i orelundlso and effects M tv 10 ?Stdnc) for Marseilles.-104 1 L« wool "' bl« basil« . 00 bags-heat 10 ca wine lo bis sheepskins I IKS draper) lor Mauritius - I j kin a.ilt tish 13 I« Irle I tish 4 hlnls «tine 1 c3 hutt r 5°0 1.3v Hour tres bee! 1 bl leather PAbbI NG1 US 11. \NO SIM.' 'lllT D-IAlllU-ti. Ol HIL. LAbl MAIU MAV 4 Oceana for London _.o- «-nlcon-rorIIon" lton_ - Mr Ja. Abernctli) lor Bombay- air It Mausor lor Ilrlidlsl-Mr C Heok Ftv LOIKIOU-lion A 1 aud Mrs Clark family (three) and nurse Mr »ni Mrs. A Cameron Mr and Mrs lirio Duff and sériant Mr and Mrs Movatl Mr and Mrs O J Bird aid chillreil (two) Mr and Mrs. b. Uobson Mr an I Mr* O Al dcrso Mr and Mrs b M L«an al d famll) lion 1 at I Mr leal r Miss loader and chill Mr an 1 MM. ( llo.an, Mr and Mrs fc_ I Heather, Mr and Mrs J Drew Mr and Mrs. J lUorcUu Vlr a. I Mrs Lae ceder Mr and Mrs 1 liai c1 Mr and Mrs Iheyer and family (lour) Mr and Mrs Uoodvoar Mr and Mrs. II li Grut Mr an I Mrs. VV Mch Its an I two children lion 1. au I Mrs. Cauip-oll, Mr aud Mrs L. Learmonth Mr and Mrs J Ihiiscu. aid Mrs buoll «til family («our) Mr ami Taylor Mr an I Mrs Ireodway Mesdames T _, Olli ort Coliuhoili) M Mullen Ilcnn Chapulín Ham Chapman Hutton I Laidlaw bpltzel nil family (tin.) Misses Gllluirt U Wilson A e Uroly O Brien E Ivuird» A Uardner Aston L. Klrknass bpurway Thorburn Htett hiss A Gre. J lyon Masou (two) Dickson VV U Jordan Matin tosh O llutwll Hannah (two) Can I bell Dr O Uara and chll I Dr I Hale) Major Lngard Messrs L. Whitehead J S Osborne II Varley W J Coburn, O Gibson It. Gibson A. A. Brady, IUmUtou Weldon C \\_ Pearson H P Beadon J Jt Nicol J Lambnok II J Jones W Itobertson Klrknufi ï M Donald H H Thorburn 11 Hum phncs T Uussell J Creitr E Pridham A Gibb, A Downie B *-oers T J D\\\Q\ J >ance J I T»>lor J 1 ludce J Fo\ W \rnold O O Wolf Murra* II J hai),h Hannah ilamub Jun \\. Konjoi W Wilkinson, J Monro A Hon&td; W Neilson II K Toll II C St, Gconre 11 _. Ollie» I P ...Ide W tvnnev Chalmers M Ro enth-,1 Dr Dchon U.. 11 Orient (cr London-Saloon Mr and Mr* Ham., ton Mil 31 Kellar Mila « M Kelhr Air C M Kellar Mrs. Henboi.* Mi«.*. 31 Mullen M »s \ M Mullen Mr Hamilton Miss Uaimllon H .l.whe._Ge.l Mr ami Mr« Crosthu lite tho Marquis of Normality Mr* and Mi*-) spien» Mr anlMr* lohn \ppcrle> lev I Dunn? Mrs Ba>ne* chili and min. Mr aid Mr* Thomas Mi«s ISorman Mi<w Campbell ai d nnid Captain Mu__rravc RN TI Yeo Mr an! Mi« Hitmltou Mía. L»usb\ and family (four) Card i nat Moran J Powell Rev Mr OHarai Mrs Chineo. Mm. M*Canoch Mr a M Culloch It \ ^tnct. lwid K W oodward M C Carr T Rro, n Hw J Herber. 1 William« Mrs. Heron Mr- Wit Hams and son and 110 ßecon 1 and 41 in tho third and steerage ,>ftS3cn«cr8 M.. lo Svdne. for Marseilles Ac-Saloon lor Mauritius -Mr and Mr.-, boudna.! lor Marseille.-í i Chasta_rnaii M Ilae^e M Moon cn Mrs W (Ison and three children. Mr and Mrs. Cahill It G Laiiuu.vol and servant Mrs Car_.il! and serait l-roiii >oumca-M Lcelcrcl M and Md de la Loycre com mander of tho Dtsuitencier Mifc.es de la Lo> ort Mr and Mrs, Tncard Mra. Lei", dal» M Moivuu M do LctviU-iD M Croizillc Mr und Mrs. Hcnard and tua children, M Thnlii M Martine Md Empereur He Sallifcrcs M Oliven M Hollín, M Boutin Mr and Mra. Gurnet, M Durand Mr and Mrs. W eher and chil I M Hely, Mr and Mrs Bergan! aud o_> in third class SIOOKSIX BOND The follouinsr were the stocks in bond at Melbourne on Mav 12 -Brandy-3 lbj} hilda 1J ««.b cases Kum-1144 hhds 1 2_.icv_.-_ Geneva-lOhbds 1 448 four rallón cases 400 two-tra|lon cases Whl_k> - 4 11ÜJ hhds, dS 7 » casts Gin (sweetened)-^ hhd*, J.SOtfcas&f.; Cordials-1 WSJ cases Spirit, of Wine 2aS Riski Other -Spirit.-? hhds 5 ß"4 caa<_.. Wine-2,016jhhd» IS °9_- casca. Beer- 1 &J7; hbüs 32 66*3 cases and casks lobacco (manufactured)- *. half tierces "2 quarter tierce« 700 three u nar ter I oxes and boxes 5 ¿47 cases. Tobacco (unmanufactured) .70 tierces, hhds and cask» "41 cases o abales o *> boxes Candles-10" chc.ts ind ca«es _>..:_ hovea. Cigars«-700 cases Kerosene- 41141 case*. Cocoa and Chocolate-900 packages. toffee-1 c0 bass, 1) tierces 40 casks, 44 cases °10 barrets Uran bac> 8 1>alcfl Cornsacks-lt>> I ales. Woolpacks- _? b07 bales. Chloory-101 pac U a ROS Opium-.JO packauea. Oats-6 6S*f ba_,s Hops-1 tSj. aclare* Kic.--Í0M1 bags llGtons bait-S4 4 0ba,a Vinegar-1 l>Sca_ks, 1 Tua cases Tea -China-20 chests da 007 half cheat.. 70 092 boxes Indi.-.i til chest*, 4 _..' half cheats 13_j) boxes Other-U cheats lo half cheats Suear- Mauritius-¿1 1G4 IIB* IS li pockets Kcunlon- 1 7&3 mats Java-SO 714 I askettf Other lorta-_717 1__.kc_s 17 J-â ba_.s _? b13 poekcta, rclincry-b6_» tons 1 00 cases or casks. 