MISCELLANEOUS. Last week's ran at the Broken Hill Mine gave a return of 96,115 oz. of silver. The steamer Karaweera while attempting to go up the river at Port Pirie on Friday last went aground. At Port Adelaide great depression existe amongst the ironwork establishments, and skilled workmen are being discharged. The Innkeepers and Local Courts Bills have passed theif third readings in the Legislative Council. The Hon. S. Tomkiuson's motion regard ing assisted immigration has been negatived in the Legislative Council. Dr. Barry, who is at present in England, will probably resign the Bishopric of Sydney ?when he returns. A. W. Pratt, charged at the Supreme Court, Adelaide, with conspiring to defraud the P. & O. Company of £100, haB been sent to prison for three years. The Terowie paper says that Statton's Nackara Silver-Mining Company has been snuffed out of existence. This is not the only mine that has gone wrong. The Norwood and South Melbourne foot ballers played on the Adelaide Oval on Saturday last, when the former won with eight goals to four. The report that recently went the rounds of the PresB regarding an alleged duel between two women in France now turns out to be a hoax. The crops in the district of Wilson and adjoining districts are a failure, and it is doubtful whether sufficient wheat will be reaped for next year's 6eed. Twenty-eight men have been discharged from the Government dockyard, and the Marine Board has, on the score of economy, decided to dispense with some of the officers. At the Faversham Police Court (says an English journal), a harvester was sent to gaol for seven days for stealing a penny worth of beane from a field where he was at work. Thus an English paper : — Daniel Cooke, a millwright, was fined £2 and costs at Blackburn for assaulting a young woman named A. Lang. The defendant, it was stated, followed her along the street, put his arm round her waist, and kiased her. It is reported that on the Macarthur Station, Northern Territory, a rich silver field has been fonnd, and that a share in one claim has been sold for £1,000. It is also thought that coal will be found within five miles of the field. The last report from Block 14 shows that an improvement is taking place in the mine. At the 200-feet level the lode is found to be 37 feet wide at the north shaft, and the ore there will average 15 ozs. of silver all through, which is much higher thau Mr. Patton'e estimate. The marriage of the Emperor of China is fixed for the first month of the ensuing Chinese year. Six million taels (about a million and a quarter sterling) are being provided in order to celebrate the event with adequate pomp, one-third from the Imperial and the remainder from the provincial re venues. During the late disastrous earthquakes in Canterbury, N.Z. (says an exchange), while private houses, public buildings, and even churches, including the Anglican Cathedral, were toppling to ruin, every hotel stood erect and unhurt amid the debris, and it is true that many of the hotels were havens of refuge to those who were homeless, and were treated by hosts and hostesses with unflagging generosity. The food of the Sultan of Turkey is cooked by* one man and his aids. It is pre pared in silver vessels, and each vessel is sealed by* a slip of paper and a stamp after the meal is cooked. These seals are broken in the presence of the Sultan by the High Chamberlain, who takes a spoonful of each dish before the Sultan tastes it. The annual expenditure of the Sultan's household is said be over £8,000,000. The steamer Arizona, which arrived at Queenstown with American dispatches, brought particulars of a terrible tragedy which recently occurred at Prairie Centre, Ottawa, Illinois, resulting in the death of eight young men. A ball was being held in a house at Prairie Centre, when at mid night two young men fought about a partner. The men present took sides. Knives were freely used, and eight persons were stabbed to death. Reports of the weather, stock, and crops in Queensland are still of an unfavorable character, very little rain having fallen in any part of the colony, and the heat has been extreme in some places. At Croydon on the 23rd ult., the thermometer registered 115g in the shade. At ojher places also the. heat has been intense. On the Darling Downs the weather continued dry up to the 25th ult., and the country was looking wretched. Lambing ewes were dying by hundreds on some stations. — Leader. Some of the residents of Wallaroo (says the local paper) were startled on Friday forenoon at seeing a man in a perfectly nude state walking down- Archer street, along Owen Terrace, and down Emu street, to John Terrace. He was then taken into custody by the police. On inquiry it was found he was a Norwegian sailor, named John Beinertson, employed on the barque Saxon. The unfortunate fellow was evi dently suffering from religious melancholia, or something of the kind, as on being questioned he stated that God had ordered him to do it. Paris is about to follow the example set by London in the matter of titled shop keepers. One of the most popular and pretty of Parisian countesses is opening a millinery establishment, where she will dispense hats, bonnets, and costumes to her friends for a consideration. A well-known marquise has for some time been making a neat little income by hiring out her magnificent silver plate, cut glass and silver candelabra for wedding and other festivities. Another Parisian of high position is proprietress of a successful little shop, where' she deals in curios and artistic trifles. M. Paul Foucher, formerly editor of the National, has written to M. Pasteur offering to place himself at the disposal of M. Gamaleia, the Russian savant, who says he has, by the application of 11. Pasteur's methods, discovered moans of vaccination for cholera. M. Paul Foucher is ambitious of being the first human being on whom the efficacy of that vaccination is to be tried. M. PaBteur congratulates him on his cou rageous devotion to science, and assures him that M. Gamaleia will be touched bv the offer, coming as it does from a journalist ; occupying an eminent position on the French j Press. ' _ ! An extraordinary good score was recently ! made by Sergeant Grant, of C. Company 1st ! Queenlanders, in the annual class-firing of j the company on the Brisbane range (eaye a j Queensland paper). In the regulation 60 j shots he scored no fewer than 214 out of a j possible 240 points, there not being a miss ! ot an outer in the whole number. The' value of the performance is enhanced by the fact that in claeB-firing there are no ' eight ing' shots allowed, whilst the position at 200 Yards ie from the shoulder — that is, btanding ; at 300 yards kneeling ; and at the remainder of the distances either kneel ing or prone with the head towards the target, at the option of the firer. A remarkable case of somnambulism has occurred in the viciuity of Truro, la. Ada Patterson arose in her sleep at midnight, attired herself in light summer apparel, climbed from upstairs down a post of the portico, saddled a horse, and rode to a cemetery more than a mile away, where she kneeled beside the grave of her father and wept and prayed. Her hand coming into contact with a briar bush, she awoke. A moment's reflection brought her to a full realisation of where she was, and she fled toward the nearest house. The dogs here added to her fright, avid, screaming, she climbed a tree, from which she was rescued and taken home by friends. — dncmnatti Inquirer. The Courier of Indo-Ghina gives an ac count of an act of piracy which took place recently in the suburbs of Hanoi. Six hun dred pirates from Bay Say on July 4, at 1 o'clock in the morning, broke into the huyen of Than Tri, two hours from Hanoi, and car ried by storm a post occupied by the militia. The pirateB had dressed themselves like the Tonquin riflemen, and at least 300 of them were armed with good rifles. Three of their leaders were mounted, and wore uniforms of French officers. In less than h&lf; an hour the post-house was burnt down. Thanks to the dark night, the rain, and per haps also to the connivance of the neighbor ing villagers, the whole attack was carried out without a word of warning. Professor F. W. Cragin, of Waehburn College, recently discovered at Downs, Osborne County, Kansas, the petrified re mains of a huge fossil. Professor Cragin pronounces it the most remarkable specimen found since 1877. The animal complete was a little over 16 feet in length. The jaws measure three feet eight inches, the neck between four and five feet long, and the body about nine feet long, and three or four feet through. It had immense teeth, about three inches iu length. It had flippers quite eimilar to a seal's, and its feet, two in number, were short. It ie plain that it was an aquatic animal of the reptilian age. James Jackson, a carrier, travelling from Esk to Brisbane, was induced to play a game which he either did not understand, at his opponent understood very much better, and came to grief, losing £713. Finding his money gone he declared that he was robbed, and proceeded against his opponent. The case was dismissed, as it might have been reasonably supposed it would be, and there is the prospect of Jackson losing a little more through an action for false imprisonment. The general moral of all this is to never play cards for money, or, if you do, to stop when you have lost 86 much as you can afford ; but to it may be added a rider, never to play cards with strangers in railway trains. As Esk ie only about 70 miles from Brisbane, and the journey could not, under ordinary circum stances, exceed four hours, even at the rate of speed at which Queensland trains travel, losing over £150 an hour is rather rough. It is not from America but from France that the colossal proposal comes for prepar ing a catalogue of 2,000,000 stars. This bold conception (writes the London Daily News) emanates from Dr. Gill, whose as tronomical observations at the Cape and elsewhere have produced some notable re sults, and who has put forth his scheme for a star catalogue on this gigantic scale in the organ of the bureau of the permanent inter national committee for the execution of a photographic map of the heavens. Dr. Gill contemplates the establishment of a central office under the direction of a chief, with assistant secretaries and a staff of measurers and computers. The work, it is calculated, would occupy 25 years. Admiral Mouchez, who defends the proposal against some rather fierce opposition which it has pro voked, says the astronomers estimate the average cost of observing and calculating each star at 10 francs. It follows that the proposed catalogue would cost 20,000,000 francs, or £800,000. The Adelaide writer to the Kapnnda journal relates the following story : — A pleasant sort of professional man, who has, however, an unfortunate way of ' putting on side,' was smartly pulled up by a mere bushnian lately. He came out of his office with bead erect, and upon his face a dandified haughty expression which seemed to say — 'Dear me, how common other people are in comparison with me.9' Then he strutted down the street as though he were the lord of all the manors in the world. Suddenly a dirty bashman tapped him on the shoulder, and said — 'Beg pardon, sir, but can you tell me whether this colony is for sale ?' ' What do you mean, my man?' asked the exquisite, carefully avoiding contact between his broadcloth coat and the greasy garments of the rude man who had stopped him. ' Oh, I thought you'd know, sir, whether the colony was for sale or not, because by the way you go along it eeems as if all Australia belonged to you !' The sea occupies three- fifths of the surface of the earth. At a depth of 3,500 feet the temperature is the same, varying only a trifle from the ice of the pole to the burning sun of the equator. A mile down the water has a pressure of a ton to the square inch. If a box 6 feet deep were filled with sea water and allowed to evaporate under the sun, there would be two inches of salt left at the bottom. Taking the average depth of the ocean to be three miles, there would be a layer of pure salt 230 feet thick on the Atlantic. The water is colder at the bottom than at the surface. In the many bays on the coast of Norway the water often freezes at the bottom before it does above. Waves are very deceptive ; to look at them in a storm, one would think the whole water travelled. The water stays in the same place, but the motion goes on. Sometimes in storms these waves are 40 feet high, and travel 50 miles an hour — more than twice as fast as the swiftest steamer. The distance from valley to valley is generally 15 times the height, hence, a wave 5 feet high will extend over 75 feet of water. The force of the sea dashing upon the Bell Rock is said to be 17 tons to the square yard. The following case is reported in a Lon lon paper : — A young woman, giving the name of Tyssen, applied to Mr. R. W. Bros for a summons against a 'coniique' en gaged at a music hall, for three years' bastardy arrears. She had previously got warrants, but he had always evaded them. The magistrate granted the warrant, and the woman pave the name and description of her faithless lover, which appeared to tally with a ' comique' einging at the East End. Warrant-Officers Ford and Billines9 accordingly attended the music hall, and when the show was over waited for their prey. As he was passing out one of the officers tapped him on the shoulder, and whispered, ' I am a policeman, and have a warrant for your arrest/' ' Wh8t for ?' was the astonished query. ' Miss Tyssen's baby.' The singer laughed, assured the officers that he knew nothing of the affair, but volunteered to go to the police station. He was taken to the Betbnal Green Road station and detained, but so conscious were the officers of his innocence, that although now about 1 o'clock on Saturday morning, they telegraphed for the lady, and she arrived about 3 a.m. ' Well, Miss ! how's the baby f' asked the 'comique;' but the lady blushedand stammered and apologised. He was not her 'comique,' although similar in name, profession, and appearance. The accused accepted the apologies good bumoredly, and expressed a hope that she would be more successful next time. Of course he wae released. The following incident is related by the Mount Barker paper: — Shortly after the late John Stuart Browne was appointed a Stipendiary Magistrate a once-notorious English barrister named Palmer appeared before him. He was in the habit of flourish ing his Inner Temple qualifications in the eyes of bench, bar, and clients, affecting to look down with lofty scorn on all colonial practitioners, and especially on such intrepid lay men as were bold enough to sit in judg ment on cases in which he was engaged. His pride was to insult the magistrates, browbeat those of his ** learned friends' who were not, like himself, imported articles, and bully such unfortunate witnesses as were led by fate into his examining or cross examining power. On one occasion Mr. Palmer began to play his usual tricks before Mr. Browne, and, after warnings unheeded, was promptly committed to prison. Chafing under the indignity thus placed upon him he searched in hie law books, succeeded by his fiery eloquence in persuading a ' court of competent jurisdiction' that he had been illegally treated, and recovered £400 damages against Mr. Browne. His brethren in the profession and the public generally were, however, so pleased with the humilia tion of the bully that they subscribed enough money to pay the fine, and when the affair was over Mr. Browne was richer by a dinner, an inkstand, many complimentary speecheB, and much general admiration as a result of his vigor and firmness. The Liverpool Echo of August 18 says : — A heartless case of elopement came to the knowledge of the Liveipool detective force this morning. It appears that a man Thomas William Collins, an engineer em ployed in an ironfoundry at Lincoln, who is a married man with three children, formed an intimacy with the wife of a moulder employed in the same works, Rawlinson, and becoming infatuated with her some time ago made arrangements to elope with her to America. Accordingly berths were booked for the two on the Guion line steamer Nevada, which leaves the Mersey this afternoon, and they left Lincoln yesterday. The injured wife got to know of her husband's destination, and, accompanied by her brother-in-law, she came to Liverpool in search of him. After many inquiries, she succeeded in tracing Collins and the woman Rawlinson to a boarding house in Lord Nelson street, where she found the guilty couple. Mrs. Collins entreated her husband to return to Lincoln with her, and he was apparently preparing to do so, but the woman herewith cried out to him not to leave her, and he accordingly rof used to have anything further to do with his wife. The latter then left the house, and later in the morning went to Prince's Landing Stage, with the view of intercept ing her husband before he could get on board the vessel, but she found to her dis may that the two had gone on board the Nevada by the first tender. The grief of the woman (who had a baby in her arms) on learning this was touching in tiiu extreme, and it was with the utmost difficulty she was restored to calmness. There is an old saying (says an English journal) to the effect that some people of a speculative turn of mind go in for throw ing a sprat to catch a mackerel. But the reverse order frequently obtains in the pub lic services at a most unwarrantable ex pense to the taxpayer. This is how it is dons. Some time ago, at a certain island inhabited by cats without tails and other curiosities, a collection of Government stores, old rusty, and worn out — consisting chiefly of sundry dilapidated iron pots and pans, kettles, fireirons, and other miscel lanea — was recommended to be con demned as 'unserviceable,' and disposed of to anybody enterprising enough to buy. Thither accordingly, two commissariat officers were dispatched from 'over the sea' to form a ' board' and ' sit on' those relics of military antiquity. The board 'assembled' in due course, examined the emblems of defunct utility, and recorded their opinion solemnly on War Office form 2,000,006. The result was that the articles were sold locally to the highest bidder — the only marine- store dealer in the locality, who, unopposed, secured the lot for 2s 6d. The expenses of the board for trains, steamers, cabs, luggage, hotels, and a bell man (at Is) to proclaim the sale, cost the taxpayer £10 or so. On the island in ques tion there were at the time several officers stationed, any of whom could well have formed a ' board' for the purpose without any expense beyond the bellman ; but, of course, the two commissariat officers (who, doubtless, enjoyed the joke !) would have lost their ' outing,' an important considera tion when ' official business' is slack. The Homeward Mail reports the death of Mr. Andrew Fischer, an employe' of the Madras Railway Company, at the Pennar Bridge Works on the north-west line of railway, under most distressing cir cumstances. He was employed as a driver of bridge engineB at the Pennar works. While he was seated in the verandah of his bungalow he observed two large cobras on the barren plain immediately in front of the house. Arming himself with a stout stick, he proceeded to the spot and en countered the snakes. He succeeded in killing one of them, while the other, which had been slightly wounded, managed to escupe. Mr. Fischer hunted about for the runaway, but could not find it. He then returned to his bungalow and rested for some time, as he was off duty. Later in the day he prepared to go to his work, and with that object got out his clothes to dress. He sat on his coat, and was about to put on his shirt, when he felt something bite him on the back. He turned round, and to his horror found a snake on the cot behind him, which he is said to have recognised as the cobra he had wounded that morning. He immediately sought medical relief, and all kinds of remedies were applied, but to no effect, and he died in the evening, leaving a widow and an infant child, for whom much sympathy is felt. ' Kellayan' writes to a Bombay paper : — 'It is commonly believed among the Hindoos that no animal is mote revengeful than the cobra, and that if an attempt is made to kill it and it escapes, it never gives itself rest until it has wreaked its vengeance upon its assailant.' Mr. Simmons, the aeronaut, of whose death by a balloon accident we have since heard by cable, gives some interesting parti culars of a recent ascent he made in the balloon Rookwood from the grounds of the Anglo-Danish exhibition : — ' I left the ex hibition at 6.15 p.m., at 6.20 I was between one thick cloud stratum at an altitude of 6,000 feet, and another at an altitude of about 10,000 feet. I had some suspicion that there was a current from the west. I looked in a direction which I conjectured to be east, and from that quarter came swoop ing on a great mountain of purple fire. The rumbling I could scarcely distinguish from the buzz of London, and I felt assured that as long as the sound was so faint there was a great distance between me and the storm ; but at 7 o'clock it was nearer to me. I tried then to get on a lateral level with it, but to this end I must have parted with my precious store of ballast, and, finding the thunderstorm keeping up a stern chase, I peered below the cloud stratum to see if I had a chance to descend. I found myself in rather too close proximity to a town or village. I have no idea what place it was, but I was bound to escape it by soaring ; and when I did so I estimated that the thunder storm was about 60 miles behind me (to the north-east). Then at 7.15 I had another suspicion that I was being borne upon a western current, for I could hear no sound but that like the surf upon a shore, and I again came down. When I did so I was convinced that the sound of the water must have been a mill race or a weir. I landed eafely at Guildford, and the storm by which I had been so hotly pursued did not burst upon the earth until I was on my way back to London.' Curing and marrying a madman may seem incredible, but, according to a cor respondent, toe thing has been done by Miss Dorothy Barth, of Athens, Ohio, who has for several years been superintendent of one of the departments in the insane asylum at Athens, and is a member of a family of considerable prominence. Among the inmates during the year was one Osmar Parrish, a printer and newspaper man, well known in the neighborhood and at Marietta, Ohio, where he has worked. In her work of superintendent Miss Barth came often in contact with Parrish, who at first was violently insane, but rapidly improved. During his confinement a mutual affection sprang up between these two, but was not generally noticed. Parrish seemed always to be easily quieted when she approached him ; in the presence of others he would often have violent spells. About three months ago Parrish was discharged a well man. Aehort time af terwardshe returned to Athens, and, having made all arrangements, went to the asylum, and finding Miss Barth, the two repaired to the office of a justice, and were married. The parents of the lady, although living but a few rods from the scene of the marriage ceremony, knew nothing of it. The justice was pledged to secrecy, and Mr. and Mrs. Parrieh went away — she returning to the asylum, and he going to his home. The marriage has just now become public, and the young lady's parents are said to be very angry. Mrs. Parrish admits that she fell in love with her husband before he was cured of his insanity, and used extra efforts to bring about his complete mental restoration. She will still continue iu her present situation, which is quite lucrative. A few weeks ago a Reading clergyman described the experience of a man in his em ploy who received an electric shock during a rain storm, but which was not attended by thunder or visible lightning. Several other similar cases have been since described. First, there is an account- in the British Mtdical Journal by Drs.CookandBoultingof the injuries by two sawyers on the Spaniards farm at Hampstead. The man most injured, the elder of the two, was leaning against an oak tree. There was no rain nor any sign of a thunderstorm. The other was sitting on a block of wood three feet away, and two saws, six and a half feet long, were leaning against the fence about two feet from the trunk of the tree. The first man saw nothing and felt nothing; he was struck senseless instantaneously. The second heard a deafening thunder clap and felt stunned for some minutes, but had no sensation of pain. Then he discovered that his clothes were smoking, although not ablaze. He then saw his companion lying een&eless; on the ground, quite still, as if dead, and his clothes partially torn from him. Having put out the fire in his clothes he crawled (be could not walk) to the road near and shouted for assistance, which soon arrived, and both men were conveyed to the infirmary, where, upon being roused, the elder man regained consciousness to a slight extent. Burns were found on the right side from the shoulder to the feet. The legs of the other man also had marks as of burns ; both were in a state of collapse. After 11 days in the case of one and 14 in the other the men recovered. The doctors re mark that it should not be forgotten that dangerous return discharges from the earth to the atmosphere may take place at a con siderable distance from an atmospheric storm. Amid the flood of nonsense that is poured forth on the vegetarian question, it is satis factory to meet with the language of moderation ueed by an advocate of rational food reform. Professor Seeley has written a book entitled ' Factors in Life,' in which, among many sensible suggestions, he calls attention to the fact that animal food can be prepared for the table with facility, and this adds greatly to their popularity. He does not object to the use of animal food, but points out that a great saving might re sult from a more prevalent use of vegetables. He estimates that the sum annually spent in the British isles is more than £114,000,000, or a ninth of the national income, while the outlay on bread and vegetables is about £127,000,000. He thinks that, by a re formed diet, it is probable that a substantial saving of about £30,000,000 a year might be made in the cost of nitrogenous food alone, without any serious change in national habits, and with advantage in every way. It should be remarked, how ever, that it is quite possible to be as ex travagant in the purchase of vegetables as in that of auimal food. Money may be dropped as foolishly in Covent Garden as at Smithfield. Even the poorest waste good food of all kinds, and it is not fair to make a one-sided attack on the meat-consumers. There is room for a better system of cookery in all departments, the prevailing ignorance being pretty fairly distributed. The very facility of preparing animal food may/ to a certain extent, be an economical advantage, for the working classes cannot afford to spend much time in the preparation of diehes that demand a prolonged treatment. Time is money, in cookery as in other pursuits.-—' CEdipus' in Leader, 