THE MERCURY. HOBART: FRIDAY, MARCH 10,1SSS. THE statistics of exports given in the Victorian Year Book for 1886-7 have led to a little triumphant writing on the part of one of our Sydney contem I poraries, who thinks that lie lias dis- covered therein proof ot the decay of the protective system of Victoria. According to the statistics in question] the exports of that colony show a fall-, '.itig off durihg'the last three years at least,*1 but that; tho fact warrants the conclusion at whick the Sydney paper has arrived isa matter for a great deal more discussion than it has yet re- ceived. The Victoriau Statist, him- self, says :-" It will be observed that in 1886 the value of imports per head was lower than in any of the last 14 years except 1879 and 1880, and was also lower than in most of the previous years ; also that the value of exports per head in 1886 was absolutely lower than in any other year siuco tho separation of Victoria from New South 'Wales." Tins is, certainly, a very curious fact, when wo remember how the Victorians boast about the increase of their manufactures, winch they do claro they are now largely supplying the other colonies with.' The general beiief is, at least amongst that very largo class of half-informed per- sons who constitute the bulk of colonial politicians, ,that' Victoria is gradually swallowing up the trade in manufactured goods of all the colo- nies, and that she is markedly swamp- ing the market of free-trade New South Wales These persons will be astonished, no doubt, to hoar that during tho past few years the exports of New South Wales have largely exceeded those of ' Victoria-in 1885 by as much as £6 per head of the population-and that it does appear that the external trade of the Parent Colony will largely exceed that of her first-born and most undutiful child. Wherein the falling-off has been in Victoria and the increase in New South Wales we aro not now concerned to show, though it is a subject well worthy of close in- vestigation, but we may hazard a guess that the exports of Victorian manufactures do not show an increase, butratheradecline, consequent, perhaps on the progress of manufactures in the other colonies. Indeed, we may I lay i it down as a certainty, that a protective policy, such as that of Vic i tona, .tends to kill itself. The other | colonies, naturally enough, if they see (Victoria flourishing by such a policy, ¡are led to try the same remedy for i their industrial diseases, and thus the ¡necessary markets become closed one ¡by one against the Victorian manu- factures. On the other hand, even if the prosperity of Victoria is not be- lieved to be solely or mainly due to I protection,/ the other colonies are tolerably sure to pursue a policy of iwhat We may call tit for tat, that is, .being excluded from Victoria, they ,will, in turn, exclude Victoria from their market. Thus, we may con- clude that it is only a question of time as to the partial or co tal exclusion of Victorian manufactures, so that, the protective policy is one which, like the pig swimming, as the vulgar belief goes, cuts it own throat, just in proportion to the rapidity of its progress. The statistics show, in [ fact, that the value per head of the exports produced or manufactured in Victoria has fallen from £17 12s. lOd. in 1868,to £9 3s. 5d. per head in 1886, but whether this represents a decrease in manufactured goods alone, or even chiefly, we cannotatpresent say, though we shall take the trouble to find out. In the meantime, we are concerned in ascertaining whether the conclusion of our Sydney contemporary is correct, namely, that the falling-off in the exporte of Victoria is a proof of a retardation of the sound progress of the colony. Our contemporary starts with the assumption that when the exports are greatly less in value than the imports, it is a sign that the country where this occurs is living on borrowed money. This is not said in so many words, but this is what is meant, and the conclusion is drawn that Victoria is now living on the proceeds of loans, with which she is paying for her balance of imports over the exports. We have heard something of the same kind said iuthiscolony about ourselves, and by persons, too, who regard Vic- toria as a model on which we ought to form our legislation, who would never dream of making such an accusation against the colony to which they look up with such touching innocence and faith But, we ask, does the evidence warrant the conclusion? What proof is there that a decline of exports proves that a colony is living on borrowed money, or that it is actually going to the bad ? The decrease m the value of the exports from Victoria, as compared with 1885, was last 'year no less than £3,756,437, but aie 'we warranted in saying that it was paid out of the loans that have been obtained in the English market ? Nor is this all, the difference in favour of imports for the year was £6,735,254, which, on tho supposition, we must conclude lias been, or will be, paid out of loans. Such a con- clusion is, of course, absurd on the face of it. The difference between imports and exports, in favour of im- ports, is found in every countiy which is doing a profitable trade, and must always exist fiom the very nature of that trade. For example, a ton of coal at Newcastle, in England, is worth about 10s, at the Cape of Good Hope it is, probably, worth £4 If £4 worth of Cape goods are obtaiued for the coal, England seems to have ox ported goods to the value of 10s, and imported to the value of £4 Is this a lois or a gain ? But, further, the goods bought at the Cape for £4 will sell in England for, say, £6, so that the value of the export is apparently exceeded by £5 10s Is this ruin, as some aver, or is it profit * In fifty years the value of the imports to Victoria have exceeded the value of the exports by £36,330,986, so that, on the hypothesis, she ought to be bankrupt, but has grown fat on her losses Evidently, there is a funda | mental fallacy somewhere, which has led to dire confusion. We are told that Victoria is paying for the extra imports out of loans, where is the proof of that ? We shall be answered, we suppose, that gold is being sent out of the country to its impoverishment, and in that way things are made even. But coin and bullion are included in the total ex- ports, which even then do not come up to the imports by six millions, and how is the difference met if tho two must balance ? If the money received as loans is sont back, where is the recoid of it ? A careful account is kept of all the bullion and gold which leave the country, as great importance is still attached to such returns, so that w3 ought to be able at once to trace the outflow, and thus fix on the cause of the alleged impending ~tuin.l*The gold coin exported to the 'United Kingdom 'from Victoria in -1886 amounted to only £1^1-80,310, from which it is clear that the excess of im- ports ñas not paid foriu this way, How was it paid then ? ' We assume that it was not paid at all, and never will be. Tlie apparent excess was mainly a matter of value arbitrarily put on goods, which makes the apparent value of the imports greatly exceed that of the exports at times, but which is even tunlly adjusted, leaving, as we have shown, a large balance in favour of imports in the course of years. This may bo said to roughly represent the profit tho colony is making by its foreign trade, aud which is the exactly opposite way of look- ing at such trade from that of our forefathers, who held to what was called the commercial system, so completely demolished by ADAM SMITH. The falling-off in theexports of manu- factures may be a serious matter for Victoria, as showing that the other colonies are being closed against her, but the difference between the exports and the imports, as au indication of the condition of the country, is one of those delusions which delight the mercantile mind, and which though disproved a hundred times springs up like the thistle in the deep soil of misapprehension. -~ " THK prediction which we took from the correspondent in Turkey of' a French paper, that Russia would be prepared for war in two years and thcu wodld declara war, seems to be about to be verified. It is now close' upon two years since that predic- tion was made, and, if we can trust the telegraphic news, all things point to an outbreak of war in the early spring in Europe. No assurances,iudeed,are required on this point. A Power like Russia does not mass a large army, build barracks, construct ?. redoubts, and establish depots for food and forage, without having some very decided policy to carry out. The accounts of eye- witnesses of what ' is going on along the Austrian frontier are quite conclusive as to what Russia means, and the only question is, as to how far she will be allowed to go without tho interference of the otherPowers. On this point there seems to be, so far as the telegraphic news goes, a great deal of uncertainty. Though we have heard for a long time past that Russia is not to be permitted to establish herself so as to command the rood to Constanti- nople, and practically absorb the rising States in the Balkan Peninsula, now and then reports are received that she will not bo interfered with if she takes possession of Bulgaria, which appears to be her present immediate intent The facts, however, do not bear out this statement. The Treaty of Berlin expressly provides that Bulgaria shall bo governed by a sovereign ap- pointed with the consent of the whole of the Powers, and though Prince Ti-....,..." j_t r lill ii_x -.""j: FERDINAND does not fulfil that condi- tion and might, therefore, bo removed, the occupation of the country by Russia is one of the things which the Treaty was expressly in- tended to guard against. Further, the signs of the times do not betoken au acquiescence in the forward march of Russia. Though the actual terms of the treaty that is said to have been made by a number of the Powers are not fully known, but only the terms of the tripartite alliance, it is well under- stood that the object has been to stop the progress of Russia. We may, also, gather that this is meant by the preparations that both Austro-Hungary and Germany are making for war, which to them both is a foregone conclusion, if we are to judge of what statesmen mean by their acts rather than by their words. Prince BISMARCK spoke the language of peace, but he carried a proposal to laigely increase the army, an increase whicli will necessitate the calling out of a large number of married men, a fact which maybe taken as a conclusive proof that war is regarded as certain Apart from these things, however, it may be held to be part of the policy of Europe now, if it was not clearly so before, that Russia shall not be allowed to carry out her design to dominate the Mediterranean Italy has a vital interest in prevent- ing this, and is prepared, beyond all doubt, to risk a great deal in order to prevent what to her would be a most serious evil, one which would be fatal to her aspirations and put an end to her chances of obtaining the position to which she aspires and now sees her way to obtain. Great Britain, too, whatever may be the policy, i or pretended policy, of Germauy with the prospect of an attack from France, cernid not acquiesce in the advance of Russia, or to that Power acquiring a position in Bulgaria whicli would leave, the road to Constantinople open to her. What Lord BEACONSFIELD risked to prevent this would be risked again, but this time in company with a number of allies, who have a common interest in stopping tho progress of a common foe. If, therefore, Russia really is about to advance on Bulgaria, as is stated, we may regard war on a large scale as a certainty, but on how large a scale no one can tell. CABLE NKWS.-Prince Von Bismarck, the German Chancellor, ia still unwell, and bas -been warned by his physicians that he must, for a time, take perfect rest. Various rumours are current concerning the Bul- garian question. It is said that the Italian Premier has formulated a scheme for settle- ment of the difficulty, which how- ever, differs in material decree from German views. Another report which says the opinion very generally prevails that the Gordian knot will be out by permitting Russia to seize Bulgaria and appoint another ruler in place of Prince Ferdinand, and to also hold Turkish Armenia ai a security for pyrnent of the £6,000,000 and interest, the nuance claimed from Turkey on the long standing war indemnity of £32,000,000. The President of the Roumanian Council, is said to be making changes in the constitu- tion of his Cabinet. TUK OaSKQUlES OK TUE UTE EMPEROR OF GERMANY.-The remains of William I., Em- peror of Germany, will be buried to-day, and in many parts of the world outside of tile great German Empire the occurrence will be observed with some mournful cere- mony. The Premier, having heard from Sir Henry Loch, through His Excellency the Governor, that minute guns will bo fired in Melbourne from noon to-day, intends to ascertain from the captains of H.M. ships now in our harbour, whether they have re- ceived any instructions in the matter, and after consulting with thom will consult with the Minister of Défonce with a view to firing a mortuary salute in which, if pos- sible, the land batteries shall unite with the war vessels ia the harbour. . -» ' A Nsw Asraot OF^TBK CHINESE QUES- TION.-A despatch hal beenfreceived by tho Governor from Sir Henry Holland, the /Secretary of Stato for theColonies, covering a letter from the Foreign Office, forwarding a memorandum from Lew ta Jew, tho Chinese Ambassador to England, which was addressed by him to Lord Salisbury on December 12 last. -Tho memorandum states that the commissioners from China who visited the Australiancolonieslastyearbad re- ported that in all tho colonies they hail visited they found a poll-tax of £10 had been im- posed on Ohincso subjects, from whicli tax tho subjects of othet Ponera were exempt, and that a bill hid passed the Tasmanian Huuso of Assembly in September Ust, and was then mulor the consideration of the Legislativ o Council of that'colony to imposo a similar tax on all Chinese who might go there for the purposes of trade. In his des- patch of 13th July, 1883, the Chinese Min- ister procèoded to say that ho had occasion to draw the attention of his Lordship's pre- decessor to the invidious position in which. Chinese subjects wero placed by tho operation of a peculiarly ofl'ensivo Act which had been passed by tho i Govern- ment of British Columbia. Having in that despatch very fully discussed tho ques- tion of the injustioo of making Chinese sub- jects, who, on the faith of treaties, and in- ternational usage, had entered the colony, the objects of discriminative legislation, he need not further revert to the matter, more especially as the Chinese Government 'was convinced that where colonial Legislatures enacted regulations inimical to Chinese, and which were iucompatible .with Her Majesty's international engagements, tiio omission of tho Crown to cxurciBo its right of .veto, waa not to be taken as showing that the central Government approved thom In the Crown colonies it had not been found necessary to treat Chinese subjocts differ ently from the subjocts of other Power«, and it was difficult to understand why it should bo otherwise in those colonies on whom a certain amount of self-government had been conferred. It had never been alleged that Cbineso immigrants wore t unruly for, i not only in Hong Kong and tho Straits settlements, , but also in Australia, the colonial Governors had repeatedly borne testimony to tho orderly conduct of, the Chinese population, and to thoir value in developing tho colonial resources, , Thorn, did not, therefore, appear to be any suffi-' cicut reason for. their l>eing deprived of tho immunities acoordod.to thomby the treaties and the law of nations, or to thoir being treated differently from .the , subjects , of, other Powers,' The Chinero ? Imperial Government saw with regret the con- tinued , existence of the exceptional and exception ible ' laws which some ' of ' the colonial Législatures of ' Australia and the Dominion had at various times onactcd against ' Chineso subjects, and hoped that, with a view to the elimination of any part of tbem which may be'found to be at vari- ance with treaty obligations and interna- tional usago Her Majesty's Government would bo pleased to institut« an inquiry into thoir nature, and how far thoy were compatiblo with the increasing growth of the ' friendly1 relations which now, happily existed between the two countries. Sir Henry Holland, in forwarding this docu- ment,' requests the Tasmanian Government to furnish a report on tho subject of any ex- ceptional legislation affecting Chinese sub- jects ' which is in force in the colony, show- ing the objects for which such legislation was adopted, and the measure 'of success which hua attended it. ' THE ROYAL JUBILEE MEDAL.-After some delay, necessitated by the great care'needed iu its execution, and the desire to supply the very large demand simultaneously, the Queen's Jubilee Medal has been issued from the Royal Miut, both in silver and bronzo, and has been recoived hero by Messrs. J. Walch and Sons, at whose establishment it nviy now be seen. The medal is 3in. in dUmcter, and from the following description, extracted fiom the last annual report of the master'of tho mint, it will bo seen to bo not unworthy of tho occasion which it is in tended to commemorate. Tho effigy for this medal, which is from a medallion by Mr. lioolim, has a somewhat moro ornate veil than that on tho coins and on the bust, inj addition'to tho Viotoria and Albert order is shown the badge of tho Imperial order of the Crown of India. The. reverse is a beautiful work by Sir Frederio Leighton, presidont of the Royal Academy, of which the following is a description : " In the centro a figure representing the British Empire sits enthroned, resting one hand on the sword of justice, and holding in the other the symbol of victorious rule. A lion is seen on each side 'of the throne. At tho feet of the seated figure lies Mercury, the God of Commerce,' the mainstay of our Imperial strength, holding up in one hand a cup heaped H ith gold. Opposite to him sits the Genius of Electricity aud Steam. Below, again, fivo shields banded together bear the names of the five parts of the globe, Europe, Asia, Africa, America, and Australasia, ovor which the Empire oxtends. On each side of tho figure of Émpiro stand the personified elements of its greatness-on the right (of the spectator) Industry and Agriculture-on tho left, Science, Letters, and Art. Abovo, the occasion of the celebration commemo ratod is expressed by two winged figures representing the year 1887 (the advancing figure) and the year 1837 (with avortcd head), holding each a wreath. Where theso wreaths iutorlock the letters V.R.I.1 appear, and over all the words ' In Com- memoration.' " STATK SCHOOL APPOINTMENTS.-Tho fol- lowing appointments and changes have been approved in connection with tho State schools teaching staff:-Bathurst-street Miss C, S. Mitchell, head female assistant teacher. - Longford-Mr. M. A. Langham, pupil teacher. Formby-Jas. Piotz, paid monitor. West Scottsdale-Miss E. YV. Roberts, from Springfield, appointed to new school established. Beaconsfield-Robert Swinston, pupil teacher. INTESTACY.-His Honor Mr. Justice Dodds made an order in Chambers yester- day directing the curator to administer the leal and personal estato of William Mouzie, late of New Norfolk, intestate. MAYOR'S COI/UT.-His Worship tho Mayor Mr. Alfíocl Crisp and Alderman Reynolds, J.P., occupied the bench ut this court yes- terday. Jas. White, Campbell street, for allowing his chimney to catch fire, IVm, Ware for driving on the footpath, and, Ephraim Fearnley for allowing cattle to stray in the public streets, were lined Is. with costa remitted. Myles McGuire, simi- larly charged, was fined 5s. without costs. The Court then rose. Cmr POUCH COURT.-Mr. W. Tarleton, P.M., presided at this court ycsteulay morn- ing. The only caso down for trial was an information, Seabrook v. Bait, in windi the complainant charged defendant with using abusivo language toward him. Mr. Cecil Allport (Dobson, Mitchell, and Allport) appeared for the complainant, Mr. W. W. Perkins (Perkins and Dear), for the defendant, who pleaded not guilty. Before tho evidence was gone into, the Police Magistrate suggested that tho case might bo amicably arranged. Mr. Allport said the complainant was willing to havo it settled if the defcudunt came for- ward in the proper way. Mr. Perkins said (lie words complained of woro not intended to ho used in an insulting Bcnse ; tlioy woro made in a jocular manner. After some further argument, the case was adjourned for five minutes, to allow of a settlement boing arrived at. The parties, however, were unable to agree, as the defendant denied using the language imputed to him. George Seabrook, the complainant, said ho was an assessor under tho Real Estates Duties Act. On the evening of March 2 ho was going down Elizabeth street to an exhi- bition meeting when defendant stopped him and said, " I thought you had given up business, and had taken office as assessor under the Government." He complained of witness having taken the appointment, and said that if he came to assess his property be would give him an hundredweight or two of boot, and kick him off the promises. De- fendant was tho worse for liquor, and was in company wit'i Mr. Dorman. Rather thought both Ra't and Dorman were th i worse for drink. Made no answer, and do'endant then called hima public robber, a - rascal and a-scoundrel. The words were uttoied in a loud voice, and could be heard by people passing down the street. Could not say he saw any one with whom ho was acquainted. Said " I think you have gouo quite far enough with your language." Defendant continued in tho same strain, and witness left him. On the following day ho saw his solicitor about taking proceedings, but they were not taken until the 10th. Knew Mr. Rait had refused to piss some work done by witness' sons at tho brewery, but that had nothing to do with the present proceedings. Had Known Mr. Rift for 30 years, and had always boen friendly with him. On a previous occasion defenduut used sim lar languago toward witness, but he took no notice of it. At the conclusion of the plaintiffs ovidenco Mr. Perkins applied for an adjournment to enable bim to procuro the attendance of Mr. Dorman. The appli- cation was granted, and the hearing ad- journed until next day. The Court thon rose. ' CLARENCE.-There was no business set down' for hearing at the Clarence Police, Court yesterday. ,.....- J t-y '- iPionmKSQOB ATLAS OK ATJSTBALASIA. Mr. James Smith, who for the last 32 yoara has beenidontifiod with the Melbourne Argita as one of ita leader writers, reviewer, dramatic and fine art critic, ia visiting Tan mania, in connection with tho " Picturesque Atlas of Australasia," of which ho has written tho Victorian portion. He bos been commissioned to prepare tho t« o sections which will bo devoted to tim history and topography of this colony, ami will accom- pany the 40 illustrations which aro being engraved for them from drawings by Mr. Schell, nearly ono half of which relate to Hobart and its vicinity. lu tho "golden number " of The Ííercur¡/, issued from this office about 20 years ago, wo quoted largely from, a paper written at that timo by air. Smith,^descriptive of this city and ita sur rounding scenery, and the admiratiou of its beauty therein oNpressod justifies tim con- clusion that the writer, in returning, to the same subject, will do so in a congenial spirit, and will thus help to mako the ¡Bland, and moro particularly, this portion of it, Btill better knswn to the' people of tho five colonies on the mainland, and will thus augment the annual stream of summer visitors. ' ' ' ' ' Mr. C. H. GRANT.- WO learn that Mr. C. H. Grant continues to improve at tho General Hospital. ' HoiiABT CITV MISSION.-A special com- mittee meeting was held yesterday. Present-Mr. VV. A. Weymouth (in the chair), Mr. S. J. Cato (lion, secretary), Mr. W. Lake (city missionary), and Mesdumei Dossotor, Morris, Baily, Miller, Mackey, Pitt, Mitchell, and Wilkins. Tho special business was to make arraugemonU'for cele- bration of the anniversary of the mission. Tho annual report and statement of accounts, to bo presented, having boon read and adopted, it was decided to have a tea and public meeting at the Mechanics' Hall on Friday, the 23rd inst., at whicli the Hon. B. S. Bird will prosidc. 'BKSKVOLENT SOCIETV.-The usual weekly mooting of the executive committee of this society was hsld at tho board room, Bathurst-strcet yostorday afternoon. Pro sent-Mr. J. G. Parker (chairman), Messrs. Jas. Salier, T. Mather, and J. Baily. The minutes of the two provious meetings wero read and confirmed. The registrar, Air. > Witt, reported that during tho week 3D 'cases, comprising 115 individuals had been, afforded assistance to tho extent of 10 full and 17 naif rations, and two other cases iuvestigated and relieved. The returns from tho New Town Charitablo Institution 'showed that six males and ono fomalo hud been discharged. A number oi Government .casca came up for consideration, throo were cancelled and two renewed. The board thon rose. CHALMERS LITERARY ASSOCIATION.-The first meeting of this year's session of tho Chalmers Literary Association took placo last night at Chalmora Hall, the president, the Rev. R. Maclaren Webster occupying the chair. Mr. James Longmore delivurod an inaugural address on the gone ral objects of literary associations, which was listened to with a great deal of interest by tho members and - their friends who wcro present. In a very oxcollent and {Tactical way Mr. Longmore reviewed tho objections sometimes urged against such associations, and thou dealt with the benefits they conferred, pointing out tho direction in which their constitutions could bo amended so as to incroaso thoir usefulness, and giving many valuable hints upon effect- ing improvement in elocution, debating, Sublio speaking, and literary style. A'ahort cbato followed tho addrcBS, in tho course of which several mombors expressed their opinions as to tho suggestions contained in tho address pro and con., but all agreed in laud- ing Mr. Longmoro's introduction of so much that was worthy 'of consideration, and 'a vote of thanks waa accorded him, in con- veying which the president also spoke iii terms of praise of tho addross. Three new members were elected, and it was aunouucod that Mr. J. R. Betts would deliver his recital of " Oliver Goldsmith " at tho next meeting Of tho association. "i ' . MODES OF RKADI.NO CHARACTER .-The lecture given by tho Rov. T. W. Dunn in the Town Hall last ereniug was on the various modes of reading character, The attendance was not so largo as might have been ex- pected, but the interest taken in the lecture was very marked all through. 1'OSTroKEMENT.-It is nncounced by ad- vertisement that tho private assembly arranged for this evening has been postponed until to-morrow evening, 17th inst. Tho reason, wo understand, is that officers of tho warships in port would not be able to accept invitations this evening, the Admiralty having cabled orders that to day, cn th > occa- sion of tho funorul of the late Kmpuror William, no officers or mon of Mer Majesty's fleet shall take pat t in any festivities. ' HORSE TRAIMNO.-Tho enorgetio and versatile Mr. Maurico Weston has como to tho conclusion, as a great many othor re- formers have done, that horses may bo driven without wiukors. Yesterday ho had four yoting horses, whoso ages ranged from three to h ve years, harnessed to a light trap, and they'were driven out to Govern- ment Houae and back by a young lady visitor from Sydney. Tho leaders wore a pretty pair of ponies bred by Mr. Abbott, which woro running wild a few weeks baok,' and they had no winkers on. The polo horses wore of a larger breed, and bud wiukors on yesterday, though they are accustomed to go without. Mr, Weston says the whole four horses woro brokon in to harness in the incredibly short space of un hour and a half, and are extremely docile and free from all vice, though not lacking spirit. We must congratulate Mr. Weston on his skill in breaking in, for thoy went vol y well and quietly, und but for a little hesitation in turning opposite the entrunco to Govornment House, thoy wore as easily guided as old stagers. On tho ' return . to town several turns woro mado with great obadienco to the wish of tho driver, tho lady Btill handling tho ribbons. ? ) r i. ODDFELLOWS' SI-ORTS.-The entries for theso sports, which take place at Kew Norfolk, closed on Saturday, March 10, and gavé -great satisfaction to tho committee, - there boing a total of 115 entries. The handicaps will bo published on tho 21st inst. All the committee need is fino weather to mako tho sports a great success. {HIBERNIAN STOUTS.-Tho annual athletic spoi tB meeting is to bo held on tho uppor cricket ground to-morrow, whare a capital , programme of events is to bo decided. A large numbor of entries have bson received, and tho handicaps issued aro regarded as very satisfactory, conse- quently tho various competitions ought to prove very interesting. The running track is in capital order, and a good deal of speculation is being indulged in over tho meeting. The first event, tho Trial Handi- cap, will bo started at 12 30, and the time- table for tho subsequent events will bo found in another column. BRANXHOLM RACES.-Tho annual races are to bo held at Branxholm to-motrow, add from all accounts they should bo very successful. There aie six races to bo decided, and the acceptanocs for thom must be scut in some time to-day. YACHTING.-Two more faces will be hold to-morrow, one opon to eaoh class of tho Derwent Sailing Club, for which entries close this afternoon. Tho first prices aro trophies presented by tho lato vice-commo doio of the club, ami uro to bo sailed for under tho sail aroa principle, NEW NORFOLK TELEPHONE EXCHANGE. A meeting of persons interested in the estab- lishment of u telephono exchange at New Norfolk is announced to be held at Blockoy's Hotel, at that place, at 8 o'clock this even- ing. Tho superintendent of Telegraphs has consonted to connect Now Norfolk and Hobart by telephone during the evoning. TUE FAUST FAMILY.-This family will begin a short season of three nights this evening at the New Norfolk Library Hall. OCDFELLOWSIIIP.-A special meeting of tho LoyalTasmauU'sHopeLodge.M.U.l.O.O.F., is announced to be hold at 7'30 this ovcuiug. TASMANIAN RIÎLK REOIMENT.-A full parade of tho Tasmanian Rifle Rogimont will take place at 7*30 this evening, when the equipment for the camp will bo issued. THE SORELL ASSESSMENT.-A Court of General Sestion* will be held at the polico office, Sorell, at 10 o'clock this morning for the purpose of hearing and dociding appeals against the assessment roll of tho munici- pality of Sorell as published in the Gazelle of February 28. BAZAAR AT GEEVESTON.-On Monday next a bazaar will be held in the Geeveston Hall, in aid of the Congregational Church Building fund, and a large assortment of useful and ornamental goods will bo offered for sale. GRAND CONCERT.-In connection with the Hibernian Society's celebrations a grand national concort is to bo hold ia the Town Hall on Monday evening. The concort is to be under tho patronage of His Excellency the Governor, and the prUcs won at the sports during Saturday will bo then pro .»ted, SUNDAY AFTERNOON CONCERT. - Tho Richmond Band will givo a sacred concert in the Richmond Paik next Sunday afternoon, oommencing at 3 o'clock. ACCIDENT.-A little girl named Mary Moody was taken to the General Hospital yesterday, having had one of her fingers cut j off by a ohaffcutter, with whioli she was Slaying on tho Huon-road. The injury was ressod, and the sufferer taken horne. A Too-coNnniNo PUIIMOAN.-Last wook, says the Melbourne Herald, a mau of good appearanco and address, giving tim nanio of Emanuel Weinberg, hailing from Donmark, entered the Victoria Hotel, Hoddle- street, Collingwood, and.stayed for a few days. Satin day arriving, and probably with the pietuio of tho host, Mr. Harry Briers, de- manding piymont of "his little bill " before his eyes, tho bold Dano concoivod the idea uf buying tlie «hole coucorn, aud casHu ly men tioniug his w ish to tho landlord, was duly shown tho beauties und advantages of the business, ami, with a countenance beaming with smiles, Mr, Biicrs aocopted au offer of £3,000 cash for tho whole. Soon aftei another ' would-be purchaser, a genuino ono, called to pay u deposit for a losBor amount, but was iufor'uud that hu /»as too late, and of com so therewith departed mournfully. Emanuel then' installed him- self behind tho bar, "shouted" for all and sundry, tho " damage " being duly rogistei ed on " tho alato " anil ordered tho luto host to put tho horao in the buggy und drive him to tho Danish Consul's, where the money was waiting-to, hoHover, soon chungo hands. As it required tho sum of £3 10s. to obtain the necessary transfer of tho coin, which, unfortunately, " being after bank hours," Emanuel had not, nothing easier than for Mr. Uriel» to lend the amount, which with- out hesitation was done. The pair then drove to Swanston-street, and duly stopping before ono of the tmuy buildings Mi. Wein- berg] descended to seo the consul. Aftor waiting two aolid hours Mr. Briers thought it time to look aftor both, and found that neither Dane nor consul .was known thore within miles. Driving disconsolately about town, a thirst uroso, which waa duly quenched at an hotel, and when on the point of narrating his woes, Briers wa» surprised ut tho entronco of Mr. Woiuborg, who, apologising quickly for mistaking the oflico, shouted for all hands, and announced him- self tho recont purahaaor of the Victoria Hotel. The two departed for the Genoral Post Oflico, whore tho mouey waa. On the way a stop was made at a printer's and a quantity of cards orderod to be emblazoned with Woinberg's, late Briers', Victoria Hotel. Duly arrivod at the PoBt Oflico, 'both parties deacendod, ono intending to stick closer than a brother ti the other ; but while asking a boy to hold his horso, Mr. linera lost his mate, and is now waiting for Emanucl's coming again. It may be here remarked as a warning that this Emanuol possessia a club foot, and if other victims have fallen boforo him, his waiting for should not be requited when the due warrant is obtained. 