LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. Wednesday, August 29. The President took the Chair at 2 p.m. NOTICES. The Hon. J. V. O'Loghlin to ask on Sep tember 4—Have the Government taken any steps towards appointing^ a Justice of the Peace at Yongala, a question whioh has now been nnder their consideration for several months; or is the matter of such magnitude as to require still further consideration ? The Hon. J. Warren to move on September 4 for a return showing—1. The amount of money expended on forest conservation under the Conservators of Forests up to June SO, 1888\. 2. The estimated Iobs the State had sustained in rent hy the withdrawal of forest lands from other occupation. 3. The amount of cash received and receivable for timber sold and the value of timber supplied to the Government, divided as follows ;—(aJ For timber out from trees of natural growth; (bJ for timber grown artificially by conser vators; (c) for wattle bark and firewood, specifying amount from each and grown naturally; (d) for wattle bark and fire wood, specifying amount from eaoh grown artificially. 4. The estimated value of grown timber of natural growth still available for sale. 6. The estimated value of timber grow ing artificially, and the basis of valuation. The Hon. J. Darling to move on September 5—That agrionltnral statistics should be col lected and pnblished as heretofore. PETITIONS. By the Hon. Dr. Magahey from six Churches, by the Hon. J. G. Bams ay from one Church, and by the Hon. J. Warren, bearing 116 eignatnres, praying the Council to reject the Totalizator BilL BIBLE-READING IN SCHOOLS. The Hon. Dr. MAGAREY moved for a return giving full information as to Bible reading in State schools. Carried. STOCK DISEASES BILL. In Committee. Clanse 24—"Penalty for breach of pro clamation or regulations, &o.;" On the motion of the Hon. J. G. Ramsay the word " wilfully" was struck out. The clause was also amended by the Hon. J. Warren by making a breaoh of the provisions of the Act also punishable. Clanse as amended passed. The Hon, J. WABB.au mo^ed the insertion of the folio win? new clause:—" Before intro ducing stock by land the person in oharge shall produce, for the inspection of the In spector of Stock, a certificate of health Horn the authorities of the oolony from whioh such stock are intended to be introduced. The Inspector shall thereupon inspect such Btock, and, if fonnd free from infections or contagious disease, shall grant the person in charge a permit for such Btock to enter; and the person in oharg6 shall produoe suoh permit, when required to do so by any run owner whose run he Bhall cross, or Manager, or any Stock Inspector, or police officer, and no stock shall be allowed to enter till such permit has been granted. Provided that u the Inspector suspect that suoh stook are infected with disease, he may re fuse to grant a permit to enter till such time as he is satisfied, by inspec tion, that they are not actually infeoted. It waB absolutely necessary that it should be certified that Btock from the other colonies were not diseased, Unless that were done tbey would find it a very diffioult matter to obtain persons to undertake the position of Stock Inspectors on the Border. The Hon. J. G. Bams ay said the provisions in force were a sufficient safeguard. They should not lay down la hard and-faat rule as proposed. The Hod. H. Scott thought Mr. Warren s case might be met by additional regulations. Clause withdrawn, the Hon. _H. Scott in serting an additional sub-section to clause 6—" Governor may make regulations." . Clause 3—*' Interpretation clause." On the | motion of the Hon. J. G. Ramsay the follow ing words were added at the end of the sub-1 section dealing with infected stook "-— No stock shall be considered infected stock u 1 forming a part of a lot infeoted or affected with a disease to which they are not liable. Passed as amended. Report adopted. Third reading Tuesday next, INNKEEPERS' RELIEF BILL. Received from Assembly. The Hon. J. G. BAMS AY, for the Hon. J. H. Gordon, moved the first reading. Second reading Wednesday next. SETTLEMENT UPON THE LAND. The Hon. G. W. COTTON moved— " That it is specially desirable that the Government should, by assisted settlement on the land, afford people now in this colony who are desirous of making^ homes for them- , selves the opportunity of doing so ; and that trade and commerce should be promoted not only by suoh means, but also by offering in ducements in the shape of land for I a large influx of industrial popnla tion to our shores of those who have been supplied with money for the pur pose from their native land." He had been I induced to table the motion because special efforts were being made to send the more valuable of onr indnstrial population—men and single women-—out of the oolony. Months ago the Homesteads League asked the Government to set apart suitable land in variooB localities for 50,000 blocks of land not exceeding 20 aores In area, but the request was not granted, and the whole oolony were - made to suffer Indefinitely. Abont the middle of last year the League sought the concession from the Government of email advances to the extent of one-half the value of the work done by a man on his I holding, the loan to be a charge on the land I to be repaid byannualinstalments. buch help had been accorded in Europe, and from New | Zealand it was reported that the repayments I of the Government advances were promptly made. The reports pnblished by the League from time to time related that the block holders in South Australia rejoiced at the chance of settling on the email holdings, and that they readily endured privations that they might have a chance of making a home for themselves. As an illnstration of the in 1 dustry of the men, a valuator had reported that the small holders had upon 335 acres of land in the South-East effected improvements to the extent of £2,000, or £6 per acre. He had had other cases brought under his notice where holders of small blocks had devised various ways of benefiting themselves and their boys by working on their limited estates. In 1886 the Agricultural Bank of Copenhagen was empowered by the Danish Minister of Finance to advance to the small holders, on their own security, buiiib varying from £10 to £15, to be applied to the improve ment of their property, the total amount not to exceed £260,000, and the loan to be at 5 per cent. No country prospered for long at a time a large proportion of whose population was not settled npon the land in the only way thatsettlementforvastnumbersconld possibly be accomplished, viz., by having a few acres each. HeoEbed that trade and commerce , might be considered by setting apart land for the50,000 blocks requested by the Homesteads , League, so that the promoters of emigration in England wbo were prepared to advaoce money—say £1C0 to £150—to eaoh settler | might have land in the same way that the Syndioate had at Emu Flab The Argentine BepublioTeoeived about 100,000 immigrants a year, who were eettled partly by the Go vernment direet and partly through private individuals or Syndicates. In moving the motion he asked that £20,000 should be placed upon the Estimates for the purpose of making small advances to men without means who might Le desirous of settling upon the land, such advances to be repaid by in stalments extending say over twelve years, the first payment not to commence till the expiration of the seoond years' occupation of their holding. The Hon. J. DARLING oould not under stand what Mr. Cotton was driving at, either - from reading his motion or hearing his speeoh, until he came to the concluding remarks. (Laughter.) Mr. Cotton's motions generally were so involved that it was an impossibility to know what he meant. (Laughter.) Had he understood that he had the interests of the working men at heart he would join iBsue willingly with him. (Hear, hear.) The majority of our working men, if they chose, could save half an acre of land at least a week, and in time they could place them selves upon the land. (Hear, hear.) That was the cIbsb they desired to enconrage, and it was they who would improve the land. The rate of wages was higher to-day than it was thirty years ago, while the cost of articles of food wsb considerably oheaper. Again, . rents were lower, a two-roomed house in 1855 being let for 9s. a week, while it only brought 3a. to-day. Articles of luxuries < —currants, fruits—were sIbo purchasable to day at less than half the amount they were then. Why, therefore, should the Parlia ment be troubled ? South Australia was the best place tor working men in the world. He had no desire to make our working classes paupers, which they would be if " they borrowed money on land which they had not paid for. H the men were lent money upon their own personal seonrlty they would be nnable to pay it baok. The cry of the working men was " Let us alone." ' It waB continual meddling that injmed them.. The workmen of the colony, as a rule, were not free, bat were led by a few demr-gods. They were bonnd hand and foot by some men. who would not tonoh their fetters. The up heavings or disturbances that occurred from • time to time in the colonieB he did not re. gard as a struggle between labonr and capital, nor between employer and employd; but he was afraid it was the beginning of the evil of the undercurrent of Sooialism, whioh neither feared God nor regarded man. Socialism meant anarchy, and anarchy revolution. It was that they ought to be afraid of, and Mr. Cotton was no friend of the working man in .. tabling such notioes as he had on the paper that day, which tended to pauperise them in . the estimation of their fellows. (Hear, . hear.) The Hon. W. COPLEY conld not vote in favour of the Government assisting settle ment upon the land as indie&ted; by Mr. Cotton. The present system of working . men's blocks was not an assistance to the . working men, but only injured them. It would be most dangerous to assist the holders of the blocks financially. (Hear, . hear.) In nine oases out of ten it would - result in a total loss to the Government. The present production of articles was quite sufficient tor the demand, and the oost of labour instead of decreasing had a tendency < to increase. The land we had to offer in the future was only such as could be occupied Srofitably in large areas and with capital to - evelop it. The great bnlk of the country conld not be improved by the expenditure of labonr. They were entirely in the hands of Nature. There were very few cases of men . holding more land than they knew what to do with. ' The Hon. J. G. RAMSAY trusted that the motion would be withdrawn. He agreed that - it was moBt desirable to have a large popula tion on the land, providing they were in dustrious and were enabled to make a living out oi the cultivation of it, but we had not the class of land suitable now for occupation, or snch as to induce outsiders to come and settle here. Mr. Cotton oould not have studied our land laws, and did not know the many modes by which men could secure land. The motion would have no practical effect if ■ carried. Withdrawn. ADJOURNMENT. The Council at twelve minutes to 5 ad-. ionised until Tuesday, September 4. 