mx ii^wauo^mn ^ïïïe neWalthafr'^íí Henry Parkes,; Píe, mier of New "South" " Wales, bas cabieà. despatch on the Chinese question; toi the Secretary of State for the colonies, in Which h@ breaths defiance of Eogland, isjsud^ sot to Jbave strengthened Lord Saliabmy's hands in his parleying» with the Chinese ambassador on the qaestion. Sydney, May 16. In the Assembly to-day a petition from Chinese residents in the city was presented asking that in any future legislation the ÀsBembiy would respect the rights acquired by Chinese colonists who" are temporarily absent in China with exemption certificates. Sir Henry Parkes movéd the. suspension of the Standing Orders to allow the amended Chinese Immigration Bill to be passed through all its stages in one dáy. At the outset Messrs. Abbott and Dibbs objected to the hasty legislation proposed. They admitted that the quesrionwasserious, but not more argent than it hadbeenfor the last three years, and there was, they said, no occasion, for rushing the measure through. Mr. Abbott . declared that the action of the Government with regard to thé Chinese recently arrived h ere * was utterly nnjustifiable on legal .or moral grounds, and the Government wonld never have dared to take Buch au attitude towards the subjects of such Powers as, France, Germany, or Russia; He objected to.any action of the Legislature calculated to »-bring itinto con flict with the courts or to interfere with the administration of the law, simply because there was a popular outciy. Messrs. Fletcher,Melville, and others, warmly supported the action óf the Govern ment, promised every assistance in pasäng the bill, and declared that the time had arrived for prompt And decisive action. If : ■the Legislature did not riee on the «««»»inn the people wonld, and the militaiy would liave to be called out to. suppress a popular j outburst of feeling. Mr. Want; while sympthisiog withKthe position the Government had been placed in I through the want of consideration. I courtesy on the part of the home authorities, regretted that the Government had been, betrayed into an unfair, un-English, and J unmanly course. Messrs. M'Elhone, Garvah, Copeland, and S lattery also condemned the action taken by the Government as . cruel, arbitrary, and un-, justifiable j but the general feeling of the Bouse appeared to be .strongly in favor of granting the request of the Government, and ^as fully as possible justifying' by legislation the attitude they have taken in excluding the Chinese. Sir Henry Parkes, in replying, pointed oat that he had first appealed to the Imperial Government, but failing to get satisfaction he thought the time had arrived- when we must no longer depend upon Ministère at Westminster, but help ourselves. He deeply resented the insinuation that the Govern ment had been carried away into an nnfffir course, simply to satisfy the clamouring of the mob, and applied the term dishonestjto some speeches delivered against hita and the Government. This expression had to be withdrawn after a painful scene with the Speaker, who threatened to resign if the leader of the House refused to withdraw it. The motion was carried on the voices, and in moving for leave to introduce the bill, Sir Henry Parkes explained that the measure to a large extent embodied the principle of the existing law. As to taxation, the limitation of numbers according to tonnage of ships, and penalties for evasions, it was the same.; but going beyond that it took a new de parture, and embodied the principle of the treaties entered into between the fJnited States and China* The bill was introduced and read a first time. In moving the second reading, Sir Heniy Parkes made a powerful speech, pointing out that if the Chinese are allowed free entry into the colony they will bring about the dismemberment of society. He com plained bitterly of the indifference shown by the Imperial authorities, and said that a few more such instances would go far to deprive England of the loyalty of the colonies. The only course open to the Government was to ¡ act as they had done, and he wonld not ; turn back for her Majesty's Government, j ships of war, or anything else. He briefly explained the provisions of the bill, which provides for a registration fee of £10 a year a poll tax of £100 ; restricts vessels to one Chinese passenger for every 500 tons, under a penalty of £500 for every ¿Mspager m excess ; restricts the Chinese to Sydney Newcastle, and three other plácito be named, for the pm$oses of reêdèncs; trad^ &c.;, and prohibits their travelling fo the interior without a passport. The steamers Guthrie; and Menmuir were granted pratique toidajr £itd allowed come alongside the wharf and discharge their Strong ; police . goards were put aboard in each case to prevent any of the Chinese landing. MatBOTntN^ May 15. The Customs authorities explain that the Meamet Albany was not detained off VVilliamstown on account of the Chinese pasfeenger Ki Noon at all, but simply to enable the passengers to be cleared before the vessel should come ap the stream. Thir teen Chinese passengers who came to Mel bourne by the Burrumbeet have been >ent to the quarantine station at their own quest, the intention being that they shonld return to China at th« . . The Chinese 7e 2^ J Kn„^ .ce «»W to «orne on to Mel bourne m face of pnbl¡c feeliog Koncr w ^Prisoners is denied. to see obtained permission No intima tion has been received from the passengere Zojaey 40 w «¿72e Should «i application-to this effect be made SÄ Aarm^dthembe Ubiaeal «» locate them where thev thinlr fít the Government hope to be able to finf Paiges for them in a few days. At the Williamstown Police Court to-dav Cfta, iutboii, a,, pleaded guilty «h««6 of permitting oeöo cleared, íjií jfM^oed £50 or fourteen ¿aya'impMonniMit»** ,. ¡ At the Wtaleyau General Conferencie to £wHof*ew ZeaUod' gave notice thatbe Vbuld «aove at* future ««That in the judgement oHhb 'épn ícreiic&tbe; attitude of the colonial Gbarern. mentís towards the Chinese, as iHustratoxiby their exclusion from the colony of Victoria, is not only inconsistectwithtbe teaching* of ¿he gospel of Ghrist, bat opposed-to the best interests of Australasia And » reproach on our honor m a «ivüised nation."., Arohde.con Buigiimd -l^^rper write to the Daily Tdeçjr^p^ *» foliote:- "The Chinese come beiC^epeitfing :«pon the righteous administration;á «eriítíng regula, tions. If those regulatítów permit .them to land, and .if by arbitrary eierèfae Jbf power they are prevented from landing we are -persuaded that aad injury will be done to the eacred cauae oí justice and right and to the fair fame Mid character of our country. We simply ask, therefore, that justice shall be dönp?;toethfeee unfortunate .i men1 by the . Govçrnment'of this great polony : guided by the laws of the land as they at präent exist, fend not by theargumentsbased upon in terest and expediency. " . v'j ■" .s • AcKlatds, May 16. 'The South Australian Government baa sent the £oliowii»lteiegram to Sir Henry Parkes:—''Wc ^sapéctfnlly .suggest for your couudentidi ^ immediate decisive legislation byaöyone colony <»"aayirabjeot coming within Ihe scope of the intended Chinese Confenencetoight affect the proba bility of oursecuriug our joint «objects and affect, the utility of the conference, and should if possible be postponed pending the result of joint Australian deliberations.. To obviate ony ituônvenience attoctàngsto^the .delay, we shall be prepared to agree to any proposal forexpediting the ineetihgof the conference which may be agreeable to all interested." .■ ■ The Premier bas also forwarded a copy of the telegram to the premiers of the other colonies suggesting that similiar representa tions mightbe made by their Governments Mr.Pteyford subsequently reasiyed the following wire from the New ZealandGov erninent on the: Chinese question >Í—''ÍAfter consideration, this Government is ofopimon that no conference is necessary if each colony jointly or singly uiges the Imperial Government to «onelnde a treaty with China similar to the American treaty, ; Later on Sir Henrys Parkes wined to Mr. Pliyîord " New Zealand communicated to ns that they consider conference unneces sary. I mnat confess I.do not see the value of a conference a month hence. I consider the Imperial Government bave utterly failed to comprehend the gravity of the case. We have deeded to legislate on the subject before proceeding with other busi ness." < i A replycM¿ been sent as follows^:—" We suggest 19th Jane as the^date of the con ference with a view ofmeeting the convenience of NewZealand. If New Zealand doet not adhere to the origmal decision to be repre sented, this would probably ¿facilitate the neetíng, ray^beforetheendofy^en^ The feeling is strong that a conference is essential to^ecuringunifonhity bfAostralian action, both as regards domestic 'legislation and r^pr^entations to ; the Bome Gorem m^fc, .jNo doubtsuccees greatly dépends upon this. Awaiting carly reply." A similar reply was also sent to the New Zealand Government, »airing them to recon sider their decision, and also if desired to endeavottr to arrange a., meeting earlier. The Tasmanian Government has agreed to send two'1 representatives at any time suit able to all concerned. " • - ■ ■> Auckland, May 15. Sir,George Grey addresaedialarge rpublic meeting to-night ontheCtjinese question, n,giog the adpptión of measures to prevent the colonics being overrun by Mongol«»»»«. At the annMt ineeting of the A M P, Society, in Sydney, on Wednesday lut,1 the chairman pointed ont that though the volume of new business last year was smaller than" for the previous year, the profit waa reí», lively greater owingto the réduction in the expenses of secaribg new business. With regard tothe suggestion from South Ans« tralia that ehareholders inother colonies Bhonld beranpowewd to electlocal directors, hé pointed ont that It, was undesirable to have divided authority and restriet. the power of the ceatral governingbody; there foi^'the directors could not recomnendthe A BEPOBT is in coarse of circulation through Toowoomba to the effect that the «àrnBhing of stone at the Lady Mary mine, Boonoo Boonoo, Is not resulting satisfactory, The facta are that a crashing .is BowgoiDg on and will not Im concluded for another tent day*-, gold.beinjg shown in Ibowpomba merely shows'the quality irrespective of the quantity of stone from which it has been crashed, life definite ntams will not be known until the whole of thestone at grass has passed through jthe battery. Three of the directors of the'company left by last night's mailtrain to make their periodical visit to the mine.—€9u atàât. . The followingparagraph, which appeared' in the Sydney Daily Tdegraph recently, shows what is within reach of Australian daify 'farmers who will take the trouble to learn thei'r business properly and apply sll their energies toit;—" A shipment ofbutter sent home by the Fresh Food and Ice" Gom- " pany, through Mort and Co. «realised 110s. to 112s. per cwt.j.a price at which the farmers conld grow rich., Thç agenta write that the .botter ' has been pronounced by one factors to be the bestthey had: seen from any part, excelling the Danish, which is regarded here as the acme.'" This is high praise. Dutch batter for« long period held the pride of plaoe in England, completely destroying the Irish ¿and local batter industry. Dan üb dairynien' have, however/ supplanted this Hollanders. Now. however, Australia» bsÄer has obtained « footing on the London market, and the praise aocorded to it is ex ceptionally flattering. ; Messrs. Hort and Co. write—" There ,h*» been nothing in th«s market that can at all compare with yours" —a tribute to Australian batter-makers which should rouae them to fresh energy in the preparation of tbejrgoods. tTpoa their energy andcaredeppods successful trade in • newiuaket 