PARIS 'LETTER. [from otje own correspondent.} VARIETIES. FLOODS IN AUSTRIA. A considerable portion of Bohemia and many districts of Upper Austria are almost completely inundated. The Emperor's visit to Pisek for the intended manoeuvres became a visit of sympathy to the suffering inhabitants. His Majesty went also to Budweis, the greater portion of which is flooded. In some of the streets the water has risen above the roofs of the .smaller dwellings, the inmates of which have had to be rescued by firemen. The town of Prague and a number of smaller towns and villages in Bohemia, are also reported to be endangered by the continued floods. The railway traffic between parts of Bohemia and Upper Austria is suspended. In the neighbourhood of Linz and Krems a considerable area of land is under water. At Sanet Martin, in Upper Austiia, a house fell in the other night in consequence of the floods, and the occupier, with his two children, were buried in the ruins. The entire valley of the River Poprad, in Northern Hungary, is completely inundated in consequence of the late heavy rains.' No less than six villages are under water, the inhabitants of, which have fled for refuge to the mountains. Not only are the corn crops entirely destroyed, but large stores of corn and hay have also been swept away by the floods. . Besides the serious inundations in Bohemia, which are interfering with the military manoeuvres, another overflow has taken place near Linz. A few days ago the occupants of pig sty, and a cradle with a child in it, were carried down the Danube, but saved here. Many bridges have been destroyed, but fortunately no loss of life has yet occurred. NOVEI DEPOSIT FOE LOVE LETTERS. The Cologne Gtozette tells an amusing story of the strange discovery a grenadier made! during last, week's manoeuvres. He had been told off to reconnoitre for the enemy, and on his way through a field stumbled over a leather object, which he picked up and brought to his corporal, who pronounced it to be a dress improver. On closer inspection it turned out to contain a large number of billets-doux on tinted paper, written apparently by a student to a lady in the far north of Berlin. The corporal, who was himself a student going through his " one year's service," tipped the man and kept the " improver," On his return to Berlin he called on " the lady," and had the good luck to find her alone; but what was bis: surprise, she was a school-girl of tender years. Naturally, under the. circumstances, he hesitated to give up his find, and hinted that the parents ought to be told ; but the fair one was so importunate in her entreaties that he finally softened. " Papa and mamma, have no idea of Benno's existence. Please give it back; you'll drive me to suicide," she said in the most, piteous way. " I have no place to put his letters so safe as |the 'improver,' but I lost it last Sunday when walking with mamma and papa. You can't believe the anguish I have suffered ) from the thought that some nasty sneak, and not an.honourable man, might find it. Please, please, do give me my "improver.' " She was pretty, and the corporal could not refuse any longer, and gave in. She quite forgot his presence, kissed the letters madly, and put the " improver " back in its old place, laughing and e ying for veiy joy. She was tco absorbed, too, to thank the soldier, who, however, was plentifully rewarded by getting a good s'ory to tell at mess. PECULIAR MANNER.OF READING JOURNALS. The Governor of the Danish colony of Greenland is a wisfe man, as the following story told by a Norwegian paper shows :— He receives by the ship which brings him his annual supplies copies of the daily papeis of Copenhagen for the year preceding. He arranges these papers in the order of their dates, and then quietly and calmly reads a paper each day, just as thpugh it was fresh from the press. He is sometimes -strongly tempted to peer into futiirity by reading some papers ahead when'he comes Across interesting news; but he resists the temptation, no matter how anxious he is to k'now the fate of some measure. One day's paper tor each day is a rule; and so, at the end of the year, he is thoroughly familiar with the news of the preceding year. He says he is just as happy as though he pulled each day'8 paper off the press. NAVIGABLE BALLOONS. \- Great progress is said to have been made in the construction of navigable balloons at the aerostatic workshops at Chadlais. In a few weeks a new balloon, capable of being -navigated and steered in any kind of wind, excepts a storm, will he sent up from the workshops. Aim- SLAVERY SOCIETIES. t Cardinal Larigen£, who .is in Paris now, expresses hinp.splf well, satisfied with the results of his visits to England and Belgium. He says that] hie has asked Belgium for a hundred volunteers, and that trainee will give him two hundred. This will suffice tot a start,' and the " army " will rincrease every'day. The Anti-Slavery. Societies Vill .he j free and independent, like .the English \- one, and each will. draw up its own rules and regulations. The Cardinal reckons .also on German'and Portugese support. A GANG OF FOREIGN THIEVES. .An extraordinary association of Austrian tliieVes; for the purpose of robbing Italia^ immigrants during i their pass%^e through Parisj' has juBt been discovered^b^'the ^etectivei police ipf; this-city. The jnembercf of ^ . the ganghave their various parts allotted to them. A certain number await the arrivals and departures of '.trains at :tlje various stations' and pick out the victims to be operated upon. They easily ascertain those who .are open to attack, and entering into conversation with them, inveigle them into caf£s near the station, where other members of the band, called operators, succeed in fleecing them of their money. Three of the band have been arrested. Two of them " worked " at the St." Lazare station, and the third at the Lyons station. CAPTIVE BALLOONS. An interesting experiment has been made at Toulcn, with the object of demonstrating the utility of a captive balloon in observing from a considerable height the movements of an enemy's fleet. A naval officer seated in the car of the balloon was in telephonic communication with the frigate Indomptable, to the commander of which he signalled, as if in actual warfare, all that he could observe from his elevated position. A COSTLY VOLUME. An historic relic has just turned up in ~ Paris. It is a copy of "The New Testament" (London, 1656), and "The Whole Book of Psalms " (London, 1654), done up in a beautiful silk embroidered cover with, on the front, a portrait of Charles I. with a moustache, but no beard, and on the reverse a charming likeness, with her many curls, ; of Henrietta Maria, to whom there is no ^ doubt the volume belonged. Each portrait is surrounded by a little oral frame of silk - cord, and has a' border of flowers and insects at top and bottom. It has two silver clasps. The linings of the cover are of rose-coloured silk tabby. This book, which is only five and a half inches high, is in an excellent state of preservation. 