SUEZ MAIL EXTRACTS. Lord Lansdowne left Ottawa May 24, on his re tarn to England on the conclusion of his term of Office as Governor General of Canada, His Excel- lency's departure for the mothercountry being made the occasion of an imposing farewell demonstration On the part of the inhabitants. The streets and many private houses were gaily decorated, and fare- well addresses were presented to His Lordßhip from a number of societies. The Viceregal party was escorted to the railway Btation by an immense body Of citizens. So numerous have been the applications from Irish tenants to purchase their holdings under Lord Ashbourne's Act that the fund of £5,000,000 set apart for the purpose has been entirely absorbed. Many applications are still in hand, but no advances can be granted until Parliament has provided fresh funds. A disastrous plantation fire has occurred on the estate of Lord Gerard, near Garswood Park, a Bhort distance from St. Helen's, and is supposed to have arisen from a spark from a locomotive. Tho pheasants and patridges and ground game, be- wildered by the light, perished in numbers. The covert is situated on the slopes of a hill, and when the fire was at its height the twenty-five acres of blazing wood presented an awful spectacle. The first line of railway in what is called the Holy Land-which is to be constructed by a Bel- gian Company, under a concession from the Sultan -will run from Jerusalem to Jaffa. It is reported that sleepers, telegraph wire, and rolling stock have already arrived. The Duke of Westminster's dislike of the Separatists' policy grows apace. Last year he sold Sir John Millais' portrait of Mr. Gladstone rather than keep even a painting of the veteran states- man in his house. The other day, says the Citizen, ha exploded a veritable ¡inti-Pamellite bomb, which will have far- reaching results during the season. The Hon. Robert Spencer, who is Lord Spencer's .uuaL-uiuwmi ÍIUU iie'ii-jJieauuipLivy, nun trugayeix with his wife to dine with the Duke at Grosvenor House on a certain day. On the day following the Eighty Club dinner to Mr. Parnell, Mr. Spencer received a letter fiom His Grace saying that, as he had observed Mr. Spencer's name among the guests .who met Mr. Parnell, he must request him to con- sider the invitation to Grosvenor House withdrawn. The incident has given rise to much talk in social circles, and it points to the ultimate ostracism, so far as society is concerned, of Gladstonians, their sisters, their cousins, and their aunts, who fore- gather with the dollar-supported chief and his items. Music ia sometimes a useful as well as an orna- mental feature in the functions of philanthropy. A lady who was present in the Albert Hall at the inauguration of the " Daneries" was so much af- fected by Madame Albani's singing of " Home, Sweet Home" that she at once wrote a cheque for ¿£1000 as a donation to the " Incurables." So says " Atlas" in the World. Intelligence having reached Tounghoo that the Dacoits meditated attacking and burning Myohla, a station on the newly-opened section of the Tounghoo-Mandalay line, a detachment of 100 soldiers has been sent to garrison the station. A small flying column has been sent from Thayetmyo to scour the country to the northward, when the Dacoits have reappeared. In Mimbu Inspector ¿Locke, with the miUtary police, has had an ob- stinate encounter with a large gang of Dacoits under Eolito. The fight lasted two hours, and fifteen Dacoits were killed, several were wounded, and some arms were captured. Three policemen were wounded. The Tsagain and Shwebo districts are disturbed by Dacoits. In Myadoung and Tsagain cases are reported in which the villagers, who have not yet been disarmed, resisted and repulsed the Dacoits. Mr. T. J. Condon, M.P., was at Mitchelstown, on May 21, sentenced to a month's imprisonment for inciting persons not to p ,y rent, and the magis- trates refused to increase the sentence to enable him to appeal. A great Liberal victory was achieved at South- ampton on May 23, Mr. Evans, the Liberal candi- date, being returned by a majority of 885 over Mr. Guest, Conservative. The Conservatives had a majority of 342 in 188G and 741 in 1883. Mr. Evans, it may be stated, is a director of the South- ampton Dock Company, and deputy Chairman of the Union Steamship Company. Mr. Evans arrived in Southampton on May 24 from New York, and had a magnificent reception. Sir William Harcourt was present, and made a speech, in which he pointed out^ the significance of the victory the electors had achieved. The great issues of tem- perance and Coercion in Ireland had, he showed, been fairly before the constituency, and the verdict would, ho thought, be fully understood by the Government. A British force has been ordered to cross the frontier into Thibet to pursue the natives who attacked Colonel Graham's position in Sikkim. A writer in an American contemporary gives this portrait of Charles Egbert Craddock (Miss Mur free) .-« A very small woman ; so lame she can scarcely cross the floor unaided. Slight and yet square in figure. A small white face, with tho withered whiteness of one wHose health had always been delicate. Palo neutral brown hair and eyes, and a formal primness of manner like that of a shy, clever -woman, who has lived much in retirement. The only hint one gets of the great author is in the impression she gives of seeing and noting every- thing ; of weighing and estimating every one about her, and having a marvellous concentration of attention ; but her reserve is infinite." Addressing some excursionists from Otley, in \- - -r. . - ?»«?__ on TIT» fil" ;!"«."-,» _" I Hawarden Park, on May 22, Mr. Gladstone re- marked that they never stood, as a Liberal party, apon broader, firmer, and surer ground than they stood now. The Liberal party was never engaged in higher, nobler pursuits. It had noble objects .before it as far as the whole country was concerned. But as respected Ireland, he had plainly shown that, whatever thoy might think aboutit, it was at this moment the key of the position of every English question, and the real helm that steered the ship of politics. It was Ireland they were labouring for. They were labouring to restore peace to a dis- tracted country, to restore unity to a divided Empire, and to at once promote all the highest interests, and, let him add, to repair the tarnished honour of England. Dr. O'Callaghan, Roman Catholic Bishop of Hexham and Newcastle, has resigned owing to ill health, and Canon T. W. Wilkinson has been appointed his successor. M. Faye, the Paris astronomer, has just read an interesting communication at the Academy of Science, which gives some curious information con- cerning the " Men in Mars." The author of this communication is M. Perottin, of the Nice Observ- atory. This gentleman brought a powerful glass to bear on the planet, and from what he saw it appears that Mars is not only inhabited by men, but by moBt skilful and energetic canal-cutters and engineers who put M. de Lesaeps and his fellow piercers of isthmuses "inback seats." Astronomers have already called the lines going from sea to sea , on the surface of Mars " canals ;" but M. Perottin ' says that some of these waterways are, like the Panama project, still unfinished. Tho Canadian Parliamentary Committee on Colonisation has reported against indiscriminate pauper immigration, recommending that the greatest care should bo exercised to prevent the importing of immigrants likely to become a burden or a source of disease, and suggesting a strict medical inspection of Buch persons and the grant of a certificate of health before they be allowed to land iu Canada. It is said that cancer is increasing. This has been accounted for in several ways, but possibly one item in the explanation is that many individuals who in previous years would have died about twenty-five or thirty from consumption, now, owing to better surroundings, get over this danger and die later on of cancer. The increase iu this disease may mean a general improvement rather than the reverse. The Pope's Rescript is still the topic of contro- versy. Cardinals Simeoui and Monaco are reported to have laid before the Pope a detailed account of the speeches and decisions recently published by the Parnellite Catholic Members. As these deci- sions tend to disguise and confuse the real sense of the Decree of the Holy Office, the Cardinals were of opinion that some new order might be issued, but Leo XIII. decided otherwise. At a meeting of the Aberdeen Town Council, held on May 21, it was unanimously agreed to confer the freedom of the city on tho Marquis of Lorne on June 21, when his lordship will visit Aberdeen for the purpose of unveiling a statue in honour of Sir Wm. Wallace. On the same day the Marquis of Huntly will visit Aberdeen to unvril a statue in memory of General Gordon. A painful accident occurred at Plymouth the other day. A perambulator, in which a child was Bitting, was left outside a shop, and, running off the pavement into the street, was knocked over by a passing carriage, which contained a bride and bridegroom on their way to church. The wheels of the carriage passed over the child's head, crushing it to death. A tragic affair occurred in Aberdeen on May l8. A butcher, named John Davidson, entered a shop in the city armed with a revolver, with the inten- tion, it is believed, of shooting his wife, with whom he had been living on bad terms. A joiner named M'Kenzie, was in the shop, and, observing the menacing attitude of Davidson, stepped between him and his wife. Davidson immediately raised the revolver and. fired, the bullet passing through the peak of M'Kenzie's cap and ploughing a wound in his forehead, though not sufficiently deep to penetrate the frontal bone. Though the wound is severe, it is not considered dangerous. Davidson at once shot himself dead. At the close of a mission given by the Redemp tionist Fathers of Limerick in that town, the Rev. Father Hall, in the course of an open-air sermon, Baid that no people on earth were more devoted to Rome, or believed in the infalUbility of the Pope, more than the Irish so far as religion was con- cerned, but in politics His Holiness was not infallible when misled by lying and intrigue. An extraordinary disclosure was made at Aber- deen the other day, when the Austrian vessel Dub arrived at the port loaded with bones for manure. The captain stated that she got her cargo at Alexandria, and that all the bones came from Cairo. They were supposed to be chiefly the bones of giraffes, buffaloes, antelopes, and camels, but when they were being put on board, many com- plete human skeletons were seen amongst them. The captain refused to ship these, and told the natives that ho would have no bones of the Chris- tians. The natives demurred. When ho inquired where they got them, they told him that it was the custom for natives to go in largo bodies to the scenes of battle-fields, and then dig in trenches for the remains of the white men. After collecting the bones, they sold them to merchants, who in their turn ship them to various ports for manure. The captain of the Dub fears that notwithstanding the precautions ho took when loading, a good many human skeletons are mixed up with the others. Many of the natives, he Bays, followed the line of the hill expedition, and brought in largo quantities of human remains. The following was the will of the late Mr. Matthew Arnold :-" July 21st, 1862. I leave everything of whioh I die possessed to my wife, Frances Lucy Arnold.-Matthew Arnold." The late Mr. Matthew Arnold, of Pains Hill, Cobham, who died on the 15th ult., aged 65 years, having made and duly executed his last will and testa- ment, as above, but not having therein named any executors, letters of administration have been granted to Mrs. Frances Lucy Arnold, the relict and universal legatee, by whom the value of the personal estate has been declared at ¿81,04017s 9d. The late Mr. Eugene Rimmel, perfumer, who was well known as a liberal supporter of the French charities in London, by his will desires that his wife, Mdme. Betzy Rimmel, may continue for her own account, for ten years after his death, his business in London, Paris, and elsewhere, entrust- ing the special management thereof in London to his son, his head clerk, and his foreman, and in Paris and at Neuilly to his manager there, and paying to each ¿820 per month and 5 per cent, of the profits. In the event of his wife's compliance with his wishes in this respect, he bequeaths to her tho whole share of his property, movable and im- movable, of which the French law gives him power to dispose in her favour, and requests her to pay legacies of ¿eiOO each to the French Chapel, Leicester Place ; the French Hospital, Lisle Street ; and the French Benevolent Society; and some legacies to servants and others. The value of the personal estate is ¿822,033. The Queen completed her 69th birthday on May 24, having been bom at Kensington Palace on May 24,1819. Four only of the Sovereigns of England have attained an ago exceeding that of Her Majesty, and they are Queen Elizabeth, who lived 70 years ; George II., 77 years ; George III., 82 years ¡ and William IV., 72 years. On June 20 next Her Majesty will have reigned over the United Kingdom for 51 years, a period which has been ex- ceeded by two only of the Monarehs of England, viz. :-Henry III., who reigned for 50 years j and George III., whoso reign lasted for nearly CO years. Her Majesty is also the oldest reigning European Sovereign, with two exceptions, they being William III., King of the Netherlands, who is over 71 years of age ; and Christian IX, King of Denmark, who ÍB over 70 years old. Her Majesty was proclaimed Empress of India in 1877. A terrible murder was committed at Templemore, county Tipperary, on the 17th instant. A man named Sweeney drew a revolver and shot a young man named Keady, a cooper, through the heart. Immediately afterwards he shot and wounded another man. Sweeney was taken red-handed by the people and the police. A young man named Lloyd, who was with Sweeney at the time, was also . arrested. Sweeney would have been lynched but for the interference of the police. At the coroner's inquiry next day the jury returned a verdict of | wilful murder against Sweeney, and of aiding and abetting against Lloyd. The Scandinavian and International Industrial, Agricultural, and Fine Art Exhibition, of which King Christian has consented to be patron, was opened by His Majesty on May l8, at Copenhagen, in the presence of the Danish Royal Family, the Danish Ministers, the Corps Diplomatique, the official authorities, civil and military, and members of the foreign committees. The pretty hall where the ceremony took place was, says a correspondent, splendidly decorated with flowers, tropical plants, and the flags of all nations. The scene was veiy animated. A terrible explosion happened at Cheeswring Granite Quarry, near Liskeard, on May 24, Three men, named Gill, Sherman, and Martin, were en- gaged blasting rock, when ono of the charges did not explode, and three hours later they began pick- ing out the hole. A shocking explosion resulted. The clothes of all three were set on fire, and they were fearfully injured. Sherman's head was shattered, one of Martin's arms was lacerated, and Gill's sight was destroyed. According to a Gurman paper, a merchant lately advertised fora wife in Berlin, and received no fewer than 277 answers. Of these eighty-seven were widows, varying in age from twenty-five to fifty two ; forty-two of them had no children, and twenty-one possessedfortunes entirely under their own control of from 3O00 to 20,000 marks. Four ladies who had been separated from their husbands also wrote to express a desire to try their luck at marriage a second time-one of them for a third time. Of the remaining 186 girls, only two gave their age 1 as over thirty ; eighteen of them professed to be "just turned sixteen." Seventy-one photographs were enclosed, and thirty-one of them are said to represent remarkably pretty girls. ' A duel that took place last Sunday outside Paris is worth attention, as showing how much may bo I done by the exercise of a little ingenuity to diminish the risks and unpleasantness of these con tests. The combatants were a M. Moreas and M. Darzens. They fought with Bwords, and the affair would, there can be little doubt, have had a serious if not a tragic end but for the skill displayed by M. Moreas, whose fertility of resource and presence of mind cannot be too much commended. At the first pass he seized wich his left hand the sword of his adversary, at whose breast he lunged with the right. M. Darzens, it is stated, " withdrew his seconds in high dudgeon." An American gentleman, a certain doctor-re- markable, it is related, for his miserly propensities -recently died, leaving behind him a will which he declares to have made whilst sound of mind, but against the validity of which it is likely his heirs at law will protest. He wrote the will a short time before his death, and after remarking that relatives who had before shunned him were liberal in their visits since he bad been sick, and had given him several hints that they would like something to remember him by, the testator adds that he is will- ing to satisfy their desire. He then proceeds to do so by the following bequests. To hia "beloved brother" he bequeaths his right hand and arm, to another bro- ther the left corresponding members, to another bia right foot, to a fourth his left leg, to a nephew his nose, to a niece an ear, to cousins teeth, and to his " beloved sister-in-law" his liver. He adds that it grieves him to part with himself in this way, but a "gift that costs the donor no sacrifice is worth nothing." As to his fortune, after leaving 1000 dolB. for the diasection of his body, he disposes of all the rest of his estate to public charities. An exciting scene occurred at evictions on Lord Waterford's estate, county Waterford, ou the 18th inst. The sheriff, accompanied by a large force of police, under the command of County Inspector Whelan, proceeded to a farm held by a tenant named Denis Hackett. The dwelling-house was surrouuded, and the farmyard covered with straw, as if spread out for litter. The sheriff ordered his men to forcean entrance. One of them rushed forward with a crowbar, but when within a few yards of the door he suddenly disappeared. The ero wd yelled with delight, while the other bailiffs and policemen ran to his rescue. They found that the man had fallen into a well forty feet in depth, and was clinging to the crowbar, which had fortunately fallen across the entrance. The man was rescued and the tenant evicted. Another tenant was also evicted. The first tenant owed £300 arrears of rent, the second £200. Sixty rebel horsemen came within 1500 yards of the outer forts at Suakim on the 19th inBt. and fired some volleys, but were repulsed with artillery fire. It is reported that they were led by Osman Digraa in person, who came to test if the sheikhs' opinion that the fortifications were invulnerable was correct. No casualties are reported in the garrison. As a Medway steamer was nearing Chatham on the 20th inst., one of the passengers either fell or jumped overboard. Lieutenant O'Shea, of the Royal Engineers, who was on board, divested him- self of his hat and coat, plunged after the man, and succeeded in keeping him afloat until they were rescued by a boat. The man, who was much ex- hausted, waa taken in a cab by the lieutenant to his quarters. 