NEEDLES= "Short, Sharp, Shiny." Cavill. Kemp. Shannon. Swimming. Bunny doomed. Gilhooly resisted. Clifiord badly beaten. A fight for a member. GiSen beat the Bricks. Centennial rifle matches. Major Templer a traitor. "Intercolonial" this week. Mr. Henry Giles has died. Bush fires in New Zealand. Cavill, Turnbull, and Moore. The Crown Prince has improved. Clifford had no show with Kemp. One more old colonist gone home. The Bricks were all put out for 53. A new scheme for destroying bunny. Dr. Butcher has anticipated Pasteur. We will make our own blankets now. The detectives went for Mr. O'Brien. A Port fracas before the court to-day. Two men drowned at the sculling match. Mr. Cotton once more on the land question. The Mitcheletown verdict has been quashed. Nominations for Onkaparinga next Thurs- day. Champion swimming at the City Baths to- night. A tram employes' strike threatened in Mel- bourne. Mr. Parnell going to move a no-confidence motion. Prince Oscar and his betrothed have reached London. Tommy Hudson announcing his last nights. Mr. Patton too smart for the sleepy Clareites. A launch was sunk in the Parramatta on Saturday. Sir Frederick Broome en route to Western Australia. An exciting arrest in the House of Commons. Prince of Wales going to visit his brother- in-law Fritz. Flannel factory started at Thebarton—result of protection. Our shootists start to scoop in some of that £8,500 to-day. The Earl and Countess of Carnarvon leave for England to-day. An English officer has now been caught selling military secrets. The Surprise Party have had a big run at Garner's Rooms. Major-General Downes has accepted the commandantship. Now, Warden Gee, were the facts of those two cases similar? Squire Western, Tom Jones, and the Barber an attractive trio. The cricket match at Sydney was stopped on Saturday by rain. Sir C. G. Duffy is writing the life of Thomas Davis, the Irish poet. Hanlan has challenged Kemp for the cham- pionship of the world. "Sophia" continues to charm her numerous admirers at the Royal. Mr. Pyne, the Nationalist, who fortified his castle, has been captured. The mayor presents Lord Carnarvon with an Australian walking stick. Complimentary benefit to Ada Mavern and Millie Herbert next Friday. It seems they still believe the Czar's "peace- ful assurances" in England. Saturday's yachting was postponed because they could not raise the wind. England reported to have made a naval treaty with Italy and Austria. Our worthy mayor should drop the proposed present to the Prince of Wales. Bicyclists are not to practice on the oval track while it is being repaired. Only five Victorian police offered to join a volunteer rifle corps in the force. The "copper" syndicate are going to give £60 a ton for the metal for three years. Burglars were interrupted while "cracking a crib" in Melbourne the other evening. The police convicted of murder at Mitchels- town have been relieved of the false verdict. The British Government deny that they have conclude a warlike treaty with any one. Wanted, some one to "dash off a little thing" for the Prince of Wales's silver wed- ding. The Sydney Government suggest that the mail steamers should leave Adelaide on Fridays. Richworth, by Richmond, won the February Handicap on Saturday, and our Maude the Steeplechase. The Minister of Foreign Affairs in the French Cabinet, and the President of the Chamber of Deputies, between whom dis- agreement had arisen, have become reconciled. The Danish Minister of War has ordered all the officers in the army to learn Russian so as to be able, should there be war, to talk to their prisoners, or find themselves more comfortable in Siberia. The Goldsmiths' Company has given £500 to the fund which is being raised for the enlarge- ment of Hampstead Heath. The vestry of St. Marylebone has decided to contribute a sum of £5,000 towards the scheme. The Rev. C. H. Spurgeon is, according to the most recent accounts, almost restored to per- fect health and vigor. He intends prolonging his stay at Mentone, South France, until the sccond week of the new year. Mr. John Morley contends that the policy of the Imperial Government in Ireland drives the people to defiance. The country, he says, will never know peace until a popular measure of Home Rule has been conceded. Cabannes, the ex-official of Strasburg, has been sentenced by the Leipsic tribunal to 10 years' penal servitude and deprivation of civil rights on conviction for bribery, high treason, and felonious abstraction of official documents. Princess Beatrice of England is to be created a duchess in her own right, so that her son by Prince Battenburg will inherit a peerage and sit in the House of Lords if such a thing as a Houte of Lords exists when he comes of age. The shipbuilding returns of Sunderland for 1887 are now complete. Forty seven vessels of 85,214 tons have been launched, this being an increase of eight vessels and 28,744 tons over last year. The returns are the best since 1884. The will of the late Sir William McArthur has been sworn at £120,937 personalty. This sum, however, does not amount to one-fifth of his wealth, as it does not include his enormous real and personal property in Australia and New Zealand. It is not generally known that Sir Morell Mackenzie is the son of the late dis- tinguished and much-respected actor, Mr. Compton, who was for years a member of Mr. Buckstone's company. Mr. Compton's name was Mackenzie. Efforts are being made at the suggestion of the National Temperance Federation of Great Britain for a deputation of leading Canadian statesmen to interview Mr. Chamberlain relative to the working of the Local Option Act in Canada. Notice has been received by the National Stating Association of Great Britain from Baron de Salis, secretary of the Dutch Skating Association, announcing that it is proposed to hold an international meeting there this winter should frost allow of its being brought off. The official trials of the machinery of the new composite sloop Buzzard have been brought to a successful conclusion at Sheer- ness. Her engines developed 2,090 horse- power, the highest ever obtained from a sloop of war, with a speed of just over 14 knots per hour. At Hisias, a small town in Hungary, the authorities have just apprehended a band of coiners, of whom the chiefs were the Greek parson and the schoolmaster of the place. The tools for coining and a stock of counter- feit money were found concealed in the church. Of the total number of immigrants arrived on the American continent this year 48 per cent. or 65,000, settled in the United States. Compared with the previous year, the number of immigrants shows an increase ot 26 per cent.; the settlers in Canada increased 18 per cent. The drivers of an Orange railroad company are to be equipped with Esquimaux suits. The latter are of a lot made for the Greeley Relief Expedition, and were purchased by the president of the road, who was impressed with the idea that they would make comfortable clothing for his men. 