Intercolonial Telegrams. a [BY SUBMARINE CABLE [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENTS.] VICTORIA. MELBOURNE, TUESDAY. Frank Clarke, chief clerk to Messrs Craig, Williamson, and Thomas, has been arrested on a charge of embezzling moneys belonging to the firm. The Cabinet has decided to appoint a Royal Commission to inquire into the general sanitary condition of the colony and Melbourne and suburbs. The Cabinet sanctions the extension of the Sunday train ladies to Frankston,' and if experiments prove satisfactory the radius will be extended to Dandenong and Lilydale. Mr. Gillies has received a telegram , from the Premier of Queensland urging that the colonies should unite in advising South Australia to take stringent measures to guard against the threatened influx of Chinese in Central Australia, and if necessary to national pite the consent of Parliament in putting a stop to wholesale Chinese immigration. A board has been appointed, of which Colonel Rede is chairman, to inquire into the charges laid against Inspecting Superintendent Chambers, of the Metropolitan police, of acting as secretary and in collusion with the Licensed Victuallers Association to oust nut Constable Spurling in the discharge of his duties when pi 630 CUting certain publicans at Hamilton. The Tramway Employees Union was dis- banded to day, the dust vestage of the strike being now at an end. Grocock, the groom, has been found guilty of murderously assaulting and robbing Mr. Collins, the Glenhuntly stationmaster, and sentence of death has been recorded. , R.M.S. Chusan,, with the English mails, lins ii lived at Albany. The first prize for the Melbourne Centennial Exhibition Cantata poem, has been awarded to the Rev. Wm. Allen, of the Independent Church, Carlton ; the second prize to Mr J. G. Chinner, of Parkside, South Australia and the third prize to Mr. J. W. London. The appointment of Mr. Frederick Cowen, the celebrated English musician, as musical director of the exhibition orchestra, has been confit medal Mr. Matthew Macfie has been appointed editor of the Exhibition Catalogue. Sailed. Southern Cross, S.B,, for North Coast ports of Tasmania. Passengers Saloon Mr. and Mrs. G. Alsop, Mrs. Hartshorn ; Misses ' Stephenson Glansford ; Messrs. Crawford, Moran, Snnbort, J. N. Ross. Symes: and 15 in the steerage. Commercial.-Breadstuff's fairly ' active. Wheat 3s. 4d. Flour, to £8 ; roller, to 9 10s. Oats, from 2s. 7d for Danish, 2s. 11d. for stout and seed lots. Feed barley, 2s. 8d. Peas, 2s. 8d. NEW SOUTH WALES. SYDNEY, TUESDAY. Sir, Henry Parkes is in favour of joint action on the part of the colonies for the purpose of putting a stop to the threatened influx of 500 Chinese, via Port Darwin to the ruby mines in Central Australia, and probably the Government of South Australia will instruct the Government Resident at Port Darwin not to allow the Chinese to leave for ruby fields until a poll-tax of £10 each has been paid. The representatives of the various rifle associations at present in Sydney met and agreed formally to the constitution of a General Rifle Association of Australasia, the objects of which will be the promotion and conduct of intercolonial rifle competition and decision of any question in connection with rifle shooting. The council will consist of two members from every association joining, and an annual meeting to be held in the colony in which the intercolonial match is fired. - The commandant of the military forces of that colony will be ex- once president and the vice-president will be one of the representatives of the colony in which the next, meeting will be held.. General Richardson has been selected as first president, Major Davies, of Tasmania, was vice president, and Captain? Dean, of South Australia, hon. secretary. ¡ , j, 9 The cricket match Vernon's English Eleven against 1 New South (Wales has resulted in a victory for the former by 8 wickets. New South Wales' made 252 in the second Innings,.Turnor,scoring 40, and Jones 40\. The English team made 100 in. the second innings, with the loss of 2 wickets J" W. Road, not out, '54 R Peel,' not out, 52. ' ' > ' IV Sir Henry Parkes has, expressed his willingness to cooperate with the other Governments in united action to stop the in flux of Chinese in central Australia. A J QUEENSLAND. BRISBANE, TUESDAY. ! Fin thor particulars of the wreck of the steamer Geelong has been received, The vessel was caught in a terrific hurricane in Whitsunday Passage, and she was run ashore on the island to prevent her founder- ing. Captain Jenner'' swam ashore with a line, and by this means the crew and passengers were taken on to the island. The engineer and a seaman tried to get ashore in a boat, which capsized, and both were drowned. The steamer You Yangs which rescued the survivors of the Geelong, narrowly escaped foundering in the same hurricane, and arrived at Townsville in a dismantled state. ' , ¡ j A heavy rainfall has occurred at Rockhampton, and floods have washed. At North Rockhampton a house belonging to Mr. Eckersley, formerly manager and inspector of the Central Railway, was washed away by the current and Mr. Eckersley was drowned, ' ? III 