LOCAL \K«'- The meeting belli ysterday for th«« format iou of a Miniim; Se.bool wim not fl-- numerously iu it might have been. Mauy t.hutahould liuve been there iu person were only represented by j proxy. The meeting was adjourned until 8 n.m. on Wednesday raxt. 23rd 1 inst. The main features brought forward were that advantage should be taken of the present AWh relating to Schools 'f Arts, Mines. &c.; ; for every pound sub scribed the Government gives two, hence if thi' HKiue mount of support be given to the m-'veinent as' what w-m accoided to our Grammar Schools a suffi cient sum will he raised not to put up a tiuy laboratory, etc., but to erect ma chinery sufficient to crush over 20 tons per day. By so doing the pupils will be taught to handle the minerals iu bulk, besides being instructed in the applied chemistry of minerals to their metal lurgical reductiou, mining, surveying, geology, and mineralogy, etc. The barque, which rounded 8audy Cape on Thursday morning, aud which we stated in our lust issue would probably be the Scottish Bird from London, has turned out to be thut vessel, as^she was In sight to the north of Woody Island yesterday morning, and anchored near the Fairway Buoy in tllfe afternoon. Pilot Mason was put on board of her at 11 a.m. by tbe steamer Llewellyn, and he will probably sail her in this morning aud anchor at the White Cliff!'. The Scottish Bard was 124 days out from London yesterday, a rattier protracted voyuge, but everyone is well on board. She is under the command of Captain J. R. Mo wat, and has 1200 tons of general cargo for Maryborough, and us she is drawing 17ft. 4in., she will probably be lightered before being brought up to town. The May sitting of the Laud Court was held yesterday before Mr. Laud Commis sioner Board, when the following appli cations were dealt with Applications to select: William Broom, grazing farm 2000 acres, parish of Kulloguui ; rejec.'°d fi r non-Httendance of the applicant. T. J. Watkins, grazing farm 640 ae.res, parish of KnlloL'Uin ; oost.poned. Peter Whit ton, agricultural farm 160 acres, parish of Vcrnou ; conditionally approved. Ap plii'ations fur certificates uudi-r the Act of 187 *: P. R. Rivenhill, postponed from April Court, 210 wires, parish of P.mna ; postponed. H. S. Littleton, 1940 acres, Dari*h ot Miva; granted. Application for certificate under the Act of]884: G. B. Mant, postponed from April Court, 1101 acres, parish of Miva ; granted. We referred the other day to the nimiernu-i surface draiDs iu the town bearing about us fetid and typhoid fever geiierily a character as it would be possible for ' the grim monster' himself to desire. Not to mention more than one spot at the present moment, the members of the Health Committee and other officials of the Council might with some advantage visit Ellena-street right in frout of tit Paul's and tbe poal of bells, where a most filthy gutter exists which could certainly be cleansed to a consider able extent by a flush of water now and again. Visitors comiug or going by rail way must have an undesirable opinion of our civiccleanliuess. A painful accident occurred yester day to a woman named Mrs. Cox, at the corner of March and Ellena-streets, at 1 p-m. Mr. E. Le Neveu was driving round the corner at tbe time tbe woman was passing, aud the latter seeming un decided which way to go, compelled Mr. Le Nevfu to drive from right to left backwards and forwards, with the result that ultimately t.lie shaft struck her in the jiuv, inflicting a nasty cut in the face and breaking the boue. The woman was iustantly conveyed to the hospital, where she is doing well. The altered charges for tbe carriage of fruit mi the railways are causing some dissatisfactiou amougst forwarders and importers, but wo do not think that iu the interests of the colony at large there is much reason for complaint. For in stance the old charges for imported and local fruit sent from Maryborough to Gympie were 12a. 6d. per ton. The charge for local fruit is reduced to 7s. 2d., and that of imported to only 10s. Tbe result of this change is distinctly protective, and fruitgrowers in this district being the gainers by the new arrangement there are good reasons for wishing that tbe lines might be tracked even more distinctly. At the Police Court yesterday, before B. A. Ranking, Esq., P.M., and H. Bonarlus, Esq., J.P., Olympbia Griffiths Bued Wm. Griffiths, her busbaiid, to show cause why an order should not be made prohibiting the sale of liquor to him, as by the exesjive use of it he wastes and misspeuds bis estate. There was no appearance of defendant, but Mr?. Griffiths certified to his having been served wit.li i he summons, and after her evidence bad been takeu an order was given prohibiting the sale of liquor to him for twelve months. A petition to the Colonial Secretary praying for the appoiutmeut of a Danish interpreter is being numerously signed by the Scandinavian residents of the town and immediate district. It is understood tnat the magistrates of the district will also be invited to attach their signatures to the petition, which sets forth that, very great, inconvenience is caused to many new arrivals from Den mark who are unacquainted with the English language, an-1 thus are pl.tced at a great, disadvmtiige in our local courts. Thb Maryborough Regatta will beheld next Thursday, Queen's Birthday, and to-day some heats will be pulled off in conneoMiu therewith. The Brisbane crew, Messrs. Winter, Isles, Hughes, Connor and Midson (cox.) will arrive to .dsyJiyJJie Bjirwah. . and. *viH. jio-doubfc receive the hearty welcome which our oarsmen always accord their aquatic visitors. The following notice of mot ion has been tabled by Ahleririau J. Bartholo mew, for discussion at Tuesday's meet ing of the C liiucil : — ' That the Finance Committee be empowered to take the Decessary steps to dispose of the land known as the Race-course Reserve, and if they deem it advisable to sell It during the coming wintermeeting.' Tokuanulea, an ever advancing com munity, lias risen iu the railway world from the position technically known as a ''gate'' to that of a full-grown 'station,' with a master who will also combine the offices of a telegraph master, postmaster, aud Savings-bank officer. The promotion Look place last Monday. The B.I.S.N. Co.'s steamer from Lon don, arrived at Thursday Island on Tuesday, and is now on her way down the coast. She brings immigrants and 850 tons of cargo for Maryborough and and Bundaberg. Employers of kanaka lahour will re member that tho appointment of Poly neaian Hospital Committee men takes place to-day at noon. The Waterbury Watch is ruining the profession of the pickpocket. He bas to expend just as much skill on the annexa tion of a Waterbury as he does on a 100 guinea gold chronometer. But Its in trinsic value is so small that be cannot realise. Itwon't melt. ... -. - . \- Bb warned Id time and take Wolfe'sBohneppB, The Government steamer Llewellyn leaves Maryborough at 7 o'clock this morning on an excursion to the White Cliffs with all the State School Teachers In the district of Maryborough. Arrange ments have beeu made to make every thing thoroughly enjoyable, and a piano will be placed on board for general ainuseineut while ou the journey down. THE first football match of the season was played yesterday afternoon ou the reserve between trains repre.jent.ing the merchants aud civil servants and the banks and law. which resulted in favour of t lie former tiy-2 goals 5 tiehiuds to 3 liehi lids. A POLL of ratepayers in Subdivision No. 1 Burrum Board to decide whether to borrow £1000 or not will betaken on Thursday, June 7th. In another column will be found the full programme of the sports to be held on June29[h under tbe auspices of the Eight-hour Demonstration committee. The Misonic ball will be held iu Mary borough on Friday, June 8tb. The following probates and letters of administration have beeu granted since the 2nd instant: — Probates: Bernard Sloane, late of Rosewood Gate, near Ips wich, licensed victualler — personalty £693 to Peter Sloane, of Blackall, and Jeremiah B. Sloaue, of Rosewood Gate ; Henry Wheeler, late of Ipswich, painter —personalty £395, to Margaret Wheeler, widow ; William Linwood, late of South Brisbane, carpenter — personalty £115, to John Douglas Henderson, of South Bris bane, storekeeper ; Alexander Purcell, late of Brisbane, freeholder — personalty £2780, to Patrick Scanian, of Brisbane; John Pickard, late of Ipswich, carter personalty £155, to Robert Allan and William Storey, both of Ipswich : Alex. Falconer Sullivan, late or' South Yarra, Victoria, gentleman— personalty £58,300, to Alex. William Robertson, of Mel bourne, gentleman ; William Breckels, late of Rockhampton, joiuer — personalty £795, to Harriet Breckels, widow; Charles Augustus Stringer, late of Tahiti, near Tears, grazier— personalty £564, to Fran cis Kelly Striug'r, of Tahiti ; Alex Shearer, late of South Brisbane, ship wright— personalty £162, to Mary Shearer, widow ; John Leeson, late of Fortitude j Valley, furniture dealer — personalty £241, to Sarah Leeson, widow ; Caroliue Lucy Pitt, late of Brisbane, widow, to Frank Green, of Brisbane ; Robert Alex. Mar shall, late of Walca Siding, stockman personalty £199, to Peter Marshall, of Munzi station. Letters ot administra tion : — Rose Eirl, late of Charters Towers —personalty £101, to Joseph Earl, of Charters Towers ; Ah Yen, late of Charters Towers, gardener — personalty £330, to Ah Yen Sing, of TownsviUe ; Elizibeth Fish, late of South Brisbane personalty £100, to George Fish, of South Brisbane, laundryman ; Mary Annie Filshie, late of Toowoomba -personalty £150, to Robert Filshie, of Toowoomba; Lorentz Neilson Wildsou, late nf Bedford Creek, Murray River, near Cardwell — personalty £100. to Annie Wildson, widow; John M'Cusher, late of Kelvin Grove, labourer — personalty £395, to Elizabeth M'Cusher, widow ; Donald M'Dougall, late of Brisbane, master mari ner—personalty £328, to Matilda Sophia M'Dougall, widow ; Ellen Louisa Pash lay, late of Brisbane — personalty £100, to William Fasbley, of Brisbane. Edward Trickett is training steadily as usual, and appears in robust health. Yesterday afternoon he did a good spiu for a mile, finishing at tbe Bridge. Those who saw him consider he shaped very well indeed, and he covered the distance in good time. Afterwards Trickett went I for a long pull down the river accotn- i pauied liy two amateurs. It was men- j tioned in our columns the other day that Kemp aud Hanlan had wagered their new boats, built by Sullivan, of Sydney, I on the result of tbe champion sculling | lace. As Kemp wou he of course obtained : possession of Hanlan's boat ' Millie.' ] The champion, we learn from a Sydney I paper, lias kindly lent tbe Millie to 1 Hanlan to use in his race against Edward 1 Trickett. HanlaD will leave Sydney | shortly for Rockhampton to prepare him- ] self for thecontest against Tri jketton the | 13t.li of next mouth. — Rockhcimploa j Hull' tin. j Sir John Pope Hbnnessy has au ! article in the coming Nineteenth Century, \ pointing out i bat the it is a mistake to: consider that tijo Chinese Government will be offended if prohibitive measures i are takeu by tbe Australian Governments [ against immigration. He says, from his ' experience at Hongkong, he kuows that ? tho Chinese emigrant is considered to be ! a 'bad man.' He further urg°s t!n- i colonial Government to make a treaty with China, following the example of the States, where Chiuese immigration is prohibited by aareemeut with Pekin for twenty years. In tbe coming National. Review, too, Mr. George Curzon, a Parlia mentary debater of great power, though ! still quite a youug man, has an article on j the reformed House of Lords, iu which he agreps with the suggest ion that the j Ageuts-Geuerul should b' made tem porary Peers. This seem to bo the only point on whic^ all reformers agree about the L ml*, that the colonies should be represented there. The ' Postal G'lide' for May contaius the following memorandum of changes, additions, Post offices established — Gebangle, South Bundaberg, The Leap (iu place of receiving office).— Mail services established — Mount Shamrock andGebingle, Golden Fleece aud Stanton Harcourt (continued). 