BRITISH ANDBPOBLIG ITMfS. Among thd, collection of curiosities delivered by postmen. in England on St. Valentine's Day was a consignment of monkeys on sticks for certain Strood (near Rochester) tradesmen and dress improvers for several ladies resident in the same locality. These were open to the public gaze, an address label being attached to each. Here are a few of the rents reduced by the Crofters' Commission:-Lady Mathe son, holding at £121, reduced 32 per cent., arrears 100 per cent.; Andrew Irvine, holding, in Sutherlandshire, rented at .£5, reduced to l1 ls; Mr. Adam Sharp's Caithness estate, rent-reduced 50 per cent., and .878 knocked off £1000 of arrears. It will be proposed during this session of the British Parliament to increase the power of County Court Judges by extend ing their -jurisdiction in leases from the present limit of fifty pounds to one hundred pounds. Statistics show that blindness is increas ing very rapidly in the United States. Between the years 1870 and 1880 the population increased 30 per cent. and blindness 140. The chief cause of.the rapid increase is said to be contagion, assisted by immigration, which brings many infectious diseases of the eye into the country. Recently upwards of 300 domiciliary visits for Nihilists were made in one night at St. Petersburg, Kieff, Moscow, and Tver, with the result that 180 persons of both sexes were arrested. Seven infantry and two engineer officers, who were among .those taken into custody, committed suicide as soon as they found themselves in the hands of the police. Several more military officers have since been imprisoned in the fortress of Peter and Paul at St. Petersburg. Germany is gradually, but surely, elimi nating all foreign tongues from her border possessions. She has long been doing her best to oust the French language from all official use and teaching in Alsace Lorraine, and now Danish is no longer to be taught or used in schools through Sleavig, or Polish in the religious educa tional establishments in Posen. Geran must be used in instruction except under very special circumstances. The Moravians hsa. settlements net only in Germany, but also in England, Switzerland, and America. They hold nearly all the doctrines of Luther. Their largestleettlement, Herrenhut, is in Saxony, and the Moravians in many parts of Germany bear the name of Herrenhutters. In each community there are two houses set apart-one for the mafried men, called the " Brothers' House," and the other for all unmarried sisters or widows who wish to enter it. The Moravians cannot marry without the consent of the elders of their church, and in some cases the bridegroom has been chosen for the bride. Nearly all the 600 native newspapers in India are bitterly opposed to Christianity. Societies are being organised for the dis semination of the sceptical writings of Eng. land and America. Native rajahs interest themselves in the distribution of Hindoo tracts. One rajah is circulating at the great fairs 2,000,000 Hindoo tracts, printed and distributed at his own expense. The passion for reading has struck every part of India. A Norwich, Ct., newspaper says that in that city is a man about 5ft. 8in. tall,whoso beard is so long that when he stands erect it reaches the floor and extends out from his feet fully 20in. The heard is 6ft, Sin. long, and upto date is the longest known. Palm trees are being extensively culti vated in some parts of California for ornamental purposes. A rich planter and tobacco-grower of Havana recently sent 10,000 cigars to King Alphonse of Spain. - As his Majesty is nineteen months old, the Queen is in a quandary. The Exchange Company's Paris corres pondent states that the great prize of the Nice lottery, amounting to £20,000, has been won by Auguste Pericouche, afactory hand at Montargis. The details are being settled for trans forming the Roman Forum, the Palatine, and the Baths of Caracalla into a grand arohmological promenade, planted with groves of. trees. Estimating the population of the United States at only 50,00?,uos, enough corn Is annually grown to allow each inhabitant at least one bushel per week. This is more than enough corn alone to supply all the food required, but the -larger portion is con sumed by live stock, being thereby con verted into meat. The lobsters are growing so scare in Cali fornian waters that the commissioners ap pointed by the Dominion Government re commend that all lobster fishing be pro hibited in the Gulf of St. Lawrence for the next three years, save for six weeks next season, to enable the packers to work off their surplus stock of cans, etc. It is said that as far back as 18790 the Germuan Crown Prince complained s.f his throat. When at the Spanish Court he said-"I shall never be able to command the soldiers in the loud voice of my father; my throat is as sensitive as a prima do1nnO's," Mr. Joseph Sebag Menteflore is having six model cotteges for benevolent purposes erected at Ramsgate. That gentleman has given the nomination to the occupancy of one of thems to the Newspaper Press Fund. The Earl of Onslow has accepted the office of Parliamentary Secretary to the Board of Trade, vacated by the transfer ence of Baron. Henry Do Worms to theoftfee of Under Seiretary of State for the Colo nies. Lord' Onslow has undertaken the charge of the Railway and Fisheries de partments at the Board of Trade. Sir IR'schael Hicks-Beech, President of the Board of Trade, has appointed as his private secretary Sir Thomas Blomefleld, Bart., who acted in the same capacity to the late President, Lord Stanley of Pres ton. The Volnnteer returns for last year show that there were 128. spore me.n and 62 more eficients than in any previous year. A:collectien of 10,000 objects illustrating, the progress of prehistoric man in Western Europe has been opened at the Smithsonian Institution. It begins with the chipped stone implements of the men of the preglacial period. Then came thep grdund and polished stone, carved bone, and much later bronze and, pottery. The bronze implements are especially interesting, in cluding barbed fahs-hooki and pins with large globular heads such as are used by ladies now to keep the hat in place. The higher of the two peaks of Killi manjaro, the loftiest mount in Africa, has just been ascended by Dr. A. Meyer, of Leipsic, who places its height at very nearly 20,000 feet,. The coal output of theworld is 409,000,000 tons aunually,of which the United States produces 106,000,000, Asia 6,000,000, and Africa 200,000. Europe produces 72 per cent;of all, 295,000,000 tons. The average per' head of population is 22d, pounds per. year. T~zax is news from China of a remarkable affair in a Buddhist monastery near Canton. A nusber of monks and nuns appeared to tske the vows of the order recently, and among the applicants were two unusually beautifulyoung women. Two of the monks, after the. others had gone from the temple, made a desperate assault on, the young women, whose screams brought the others to the rescue. The abbots decided to turn the meonks orer.to, the civil megistrate, but later he decidd to send them back to the monastery for trial and punishment. Each offender received twenty lashese. on the bare back in the presence qf ali the others.. This punishment so enraged the culprits that when released they armed themselves with knives and attacksd the abbot. This timne it was deterinued to make an example of them. It was resolved to burr the offoendL eras to death in the crematory- of the monastery, and the sentence was carried ost. The two priestq were carnied bound into the creniatopy, and in the. presence of the brethreq nd a large crowd of spectators froei the rvillage they were burned to death.. Mi. Loan and Dr. Germont,the accreditedl agents ef M. Pasteur for the carrying out of his scheme for exterminating rabbits by means of the inoculation of disease,arrived in Sydney on 18th inet, from Melbourne, and during tlhe afternoon had an interview witht Mr Garrett, the Minister of Lands. It is somewhat curious that these gentle. men, according to the laws of New South Wales, could not enter the colony with their microbes without the express sanctioh of thne overnmentunder penalty of £500 or two years' imprisonment. 