Oint AMERICAN'LETTER. JXEW YORK, Atm. 19. Mr. Blaine, after a year of absqnee in Europe, has returned to his nativo heath, and has been received with an ovation, such as no other American, however emi- nent,, has ever been honoured with before. He_ sailed: from Liverpool in tho new Inman 10;000-toh ship, the City of New York, on her first trip to the westward, and was expected surely to arrive on tho 'eighth! day out, But tho machinery, as might have boen foreseen, was stiff, and refused to work smoothly, : and so the great Republican chieftain came to port two days late. This, however, only sorved to add to tho imposing charaoter of tho demonstrations of welcome. Committees bf reception, from every part of thc northern half of tho Union came on here-in : special trains, with banners and music, and "every . koown adjunct of campaign warfare. Two hundred " Blainiacs," as tho Democrats derisively termed them, made a trip from the far Pacific ¡slope ' to salute America's favourite son, and every groat city in the West and in tho Eastern and Middle States sent in a representative cohort Tho plan was to meet the great leader with a fleet of steamers and yachts, and to have him reviûw a monster parado on Thursday night Early on AVednosday tho steamers, lndon with enthusiasts at 2dol. a-head, went down tho bay and waited in vain for him till nightfall, and then, nothing daunted, repeated tho performance on Thursday, with a liku result Tho managers now saw that tho paraders could not be reasonably expected to stay hero longer,;for many of them could not get home by Sunday unless they began their return journey on Friday morning, and so it was decided to let Mr. Blaino bo represented on the reviewing stand by tho Republican candidate for vice- president, and to have tho demonstration at tho appointed time, even in'Mr. Blaino's absence. Naturally, tho newspapers and all adults above the age of 14 mado tho familiar remark about giving the play of Hamlet with Hamlet loft out; but for all that the parade was a great success. At least 30,000 mon marched in lino down Fifth Avenue and hurrahed for Blaino and protection. All the city turned out to see them, and for tho first time in local history what was' practically a Republican parado seemed to find sympathy nnd approval in tho city of New York. Many of the mottoes, such as " American markets for American workmen" and " No free trado in ours," were cheered all aloug tho lino without regard to "tho for- mer political views of those cheering. Early tho next day the belated ship turned up, and in tho even- ing Blaino from tho same reviewing stand delivered to an immense gathoring a speech which has been at once accoptod by both Domocrats and Republicans ns the authoritative Republican " koynote of tho campaign." Its ono doctrine is that free trado will not injure manu- facturers or capitalists, except temporarily : but that it certainly will drag tho workman down to tho lovol|of the " pauper labour of Europe." Mr, Blaine, after leaving New York, has boan spread- ing theso doctrines over New England, and tho Domo- crats feel seriously disturbed at tho eagerness with which tho working mon everywhere listen to them. Every endeavour is made by their orators to show that tho Mills Bill does not mean free trade, but merely a wholesome reduction of the tariff to reasonable rates; yet they seem to bo met everywhere with tho objection that if tho tariff is a good thing in itself, it would be better to make it more, rathor than loss, effective. It is. an open secret that the managers of tho Domocratio National Committee aro begging tho President to como to their assistance in his lottor of acceptance by a retracta- tion or modification of tho viows laid down in his famous message of December last, and by a pledge that tho party will not, under any circumstances, go,any further than tho Mills Bill in tho direction of free trade. Thoso who know tho President best, howover, havo little hope that ho will be guilty of such weakness. Both parties now pledgo thcinsolvos'to tho restric- tion of immigration, A Congressional committee has boen taking testimony daily for three woolis on this question, and tho disclosures are oven worso than an- ticipated. Tho law forbidding the importation ofalienä under contract haB been steadily violated, and in one case, in Bpito of an express warning from a labour union, tho inspectors (aa is inferred, becauso of bribery) permittod 50 stonecutters from Sootland to go on to Texas to work on the State capital under an agreement made in Glasgow that they should reçoive ddol. a day. It is among the non- English-speaking immigrants, how- ever, that most of tho business is done. Ono of the officers of the committee found no difficulty in making a contract with an Italian padrone for 100 labourers to bo brought from Italy at l'25dol, a day, and ho and'the padrone entered further into a written agree- ment as to tho division of the profits to be mado on boarding tho men, after they had been procured and hod been Bot to work. The employers who make such contracts aro now, in case of detection, morely .subject to a fino of not moro than 1000. dois., but tho law will be amended probably so as to make - at least a second offence punishable with a term of . imprisonment Tho gonoral law affooting immigration will also bo greatly changod. Perhaps a head tax of 50dol.' or lOOdol. will bo imposed, 'on: each immigrant ; but if not, oaolt immigrant will ba required to bring from tho United States Consul nearest to his homo a recommendation ' that ho is a fit person to be recoived. This latter plan would enable the Government to attain in a great measure the one thing really desired^-the power to discriminate between nationalities. . English-speaking people of all kinds and Gormans and Scandinavians would still'find no trouble in getting the necessary papers to como hore ;. while Italians, and Hungarians, and Polos, and ' Russian Hebrews would ho only forwarded af tor clear proof that they intended to remain hore permanently, and that they ' possessed suffi- cient moans to establish themselves in some reputable calling. At present most of thoso latter racos -especially the Italians and Hungarians-morely como hero to work long enough to enablo thom to save a few hundred dollars, and then they return home. Even if they wore desirable citizens in other respects, as many of thom aro, this would be a sufficiem reason why they should not be encouraged. Some proof has been given before the committee of a positivo and permanent re- duction of wages effected in some of tho less important callings, such as cloak-making and cigar-making, by means of the steady pressure of immigrant competition; but taking the field of labour as a whole, such a result has been too feeble to be plainly perceptible. Both partios agree, also, that something shall bo speedily done about the " trusts." " Whom the gods wish to destroy, they first make mad ;" and some of the moro obnoxious trusts, in spite of the fact that the eyes of two investigating committees and of the publio generally are upon them, have been acting with very great unwisdom. The sugar mon, for example, have poshed up the price of that article 25 per cent above what it was six months ago, and yot the price of tho raw product from which it is refined has remained almost stationary. The coal syndicate are talking about putting yet another quarter of a dollar a ton on the rate, ulihough they have already screwed it up a , dollar a ton abovo what it was when tho market was in a state of freo competition. Tho only hope of tho cou 6umor is that ns soon as tho syndicate have succeeded in inducing foreign investors to buy thoso coal stocks upon the strength of their improved prospects as an impreg- nable monopoly, they will probably soil a lot more stock " short," and then depress the pricO by getting tho Logislaturo to interfere in tho interest pf tho publio, or by invoking tho aid of tho conspiracy laws, wliich in themselves, if .vigor- ously enforced, ate abundantly adequate , to tho abolition of existing abuses. At present, ibo same' railroad charges for transporting between practically the same poinis two dollars a ton on hard or anthracite coal, and only one-i'ourth as muoh on a ton of soft or bituminous coal, Pooplo will only burn soft coal when they can got no other, and so the comsumption of it has to bo stimulated by exceptionally favourable rates. Unluckily, tho business is nil dono w'ithin the limits of one State, and so there can bo no appeal to tho Inter- state Commission, but it scorns plain that there is hero a "conspiracy, tb - artificially' .depress or raiso tho prico of merchandise," for which ¡ tho law proscribes very heavy penalties. Tho Waltham Watch Company have hurt ' Üioir; advocacy of yet higher duties against Swiss and .English watches by tho disclosure of tho fact - that :they are underselling those same watches in foreign markets, while they arekiharging American customers a much higher range of prices. Both tho National, ¿nd State Legislatures are going to take the trusts in hand ; and. having succeoded inbring ing the railroads into subjection, it'is hardly likely that they will fail in controlling these much smaller and less powerful corporations. Tho commercial,, situation has been greatly strengthened by tho apparently authentic roports of bad crops in most parts of Europe. Our own crop will bo a . fairly good one, and a strong market for tho surplus will raise the general scale of prices of all produco very materially. If wheat once moro com- manded a dollar a bushel at Chicago, the farmers would have plonty of money to : spend on pianos and fine raimont, arid other forms of riotous living, and the general condition of trade would be enormously improved. Sober business men predict that this is sure to como before the end of the year, and then we shall certainly have a "boom." Tho speculators in stocks haye"," discounted " the improvement by putting up the prices of seourities to what they would really be worth if these sanguine prophecies had been already realised but there -is no stock gambling fever among tho general public; and so there is no danger of a panic,, even if .prices should, fall down again as rapidly as they: have gone up. Tho election, of course, interferes seriously with all enterprises that are not yet well established. Many' new linos of railroad will be ; vigorously pushod on as soon as it is definitely known whether the rails to build thom must be bought here at American prices or can be got from Europe without paying the present heavy duty. . Meanwhile many foundries and mills and factories of J all kinds are obligod to, work on short time pr have even elosed up altogether. The Chicago roi lieg mills dis- charged 1500. men only th ree days ago, and at Eall Uiver. 8000 cotton-mill hands have been within a week " suspended." The Democrats say that this is a species of intimidation on'the part bf Republican manufac- turers, but tho workmen affected are by no means satis- fied with this explanation, and seem inclined to say that if thoy were in tbe place of tho employer they would act in much tho same fashion. All who can afford it are away at tho seaside, or in tho mountains.. Within, tho past few year3 .a successful offort hoB been mado to appropriate some part of tho time thus sacrificed to tho summer heats to useful pursuits. Of course, from timo immemorial, overy well conducted person has gono to tho country with a good stock of solid reading in his trunk ; but experience has Bhown that such books havo had- a sad tendency to remain unopened. But about a dozen years ago, Agassiz started the famous Summer School of Natural History, and this was followed by Alcott's almost equally famous Summer School of Philosophy. Tho plan' in each case was to carry studonts through a special summer course, and tho results wore favourable beyond tho most san- guino expectations. 'Then tho religious peoplo tool: up the. idea, and : founded at Greenwood Lake, in combination with a camp meeting, of a prolonged type; a Summer ' School of Christian Theology. An then, at another large lake, Chataqua, there carno a yet fullor development of tho project. A summer university was hero established, at which tho most ominont professors in most branches of human learning, gave EÍX weeks' courses of lectures. Any young man or woman with a weakness for self-culture and a few weeks to sparc could thus pay a small sum and drink in full draughts of. Sanscrit or Anglo Saxon or tho higher mathematics. . An arrange- ment was perfected- by which, tho studios thus begun could bo prosecuted by correspondence during tho remainder ot tho year, with now and then a general issue of examination papers and anaward of prizes. Every ovoning.at Chatauqua during the season there is a sermon or locturo by sotno eminent divine or orator, and there is also plonty of good music Of course the net results attained are of ' a very mixed character. Tho ambitious country boy, who comos with the full pur- pose of'"learning to read the Iliad in tho original in his six weoks of college, often goes home taking'little moro than tho Greek alphabot with which to astonish his neighbours and kinsmen ; but every now and then a student, is produced in whom a genuine thirst j : for ¡r.khowlodge is nwakenod. " So profitable to . its promoters was tho' first ." Chatauqua Assembly," that it has found imitators .all oter tho Union, Ohio, I Georgia, New Jersey^ and a dozon other States, oach has now its own " Chatauqua," and all these togethor have in common a journal devoted exoluBivoly to tho dovolopment of tho " Chatauqua idea."- Perhaps ono of the best features of this system is tho laying down of a fixed course for tho year of solid reading, both poetry and prose, with very handsome prizes for thoso who are declared by an examination to have profited best by thoir studies. This class last yoar embraced 10,000 persons;' and it is certainly something gained that a leaven of healthy intellectual effort should thus bo spread through strata of tho community which was sadly in need of montai improvement J Tho " raft fiend "-tho great Joggins-has carried out bis fell purpose, and even at the risk of wrooking tho entire Transatlantic fléet, hos succeeded in bringing his hugo ship of logs from Nova Scotia safely to Now York. Last year, as will bo remembered, a first mon- ster raft wont to'.pieces in a storm, and' its owners lost 80,000dols. while .three sailing- ships were wrecked by conting in contact with the floating wreck, and tho ! Government aod: the Board of Underwriters were put , to heavy expense in sending out tugs | to gather up tho:;; logs.; Everyone said then that legislation.- must be at once secured both in Canada and the United States to make a repeti- tion of such an attempt illegal. But, as often happens in such cases, nothing was done, and so Joggins quiotly built up a new improved monster and launched it amid many loud cries of alarm and terror. Luokily, it has cómo safely to port thanks to fair weather and a happy series pf fortunato accidents, and wo eau breathe freely' again for another' year. It is composed of 21,800 sticks, and the profit on the venture will bo about 50,000 dollars. It is hardly likely that the insurance people will be caught napping a second time, and long before tho opening of next season tho Joggins'idea will, bo suppressed by appropriate solemn acts of tho Dominion Parliament and the Washington : Congress. .'..-?.. Wo have had .another awful steamship disaster-a collision in raid-ocean bqtweon tho two ships which compose tho fleot of the Danish mail lino, known as tho Thingvalla Steamship1 Company, to ? this city. Each line now has its own ocean lano marked out on the | chart, and so it is not after all so very wonderful that within a.'. few years '." it should . happon alike to the White .Star and this Thingvalla line that their vessels should run into each other. In this last caso there" was no fog, and the vessels sighted each other when thoy were yot two miles apart Instead of at once, by signal laying oat a proper course, both ships kept on until :it was plain that they would como together, and then by a blunder they eaoh changed thoir helm' so that' ono crashed full into tho ongino compartment; of tho othor. In loäs than five minutes tho injured ship -went down to the bottom, drowning 120 out of about IG0 passengers and crow. Tho other vessel carried nearly 600 immigrants, and was so badly injured about tho bow that it would cer- tainly havo gone down too in heavy weather. In tho nick of time, howovor, a, German steamer carno by and took off all but tho crow; and then tho disabled vessel, by backing stern first, managed to get into Halifax, which was only about 120 miles away. This disaster will give new meaning to the international congress soon to convene for the purposo of arranging a botter code of ocean sig- nalling, and of imposing' ponalties upon captains who persist (as is commonly dono now from mero idle vanity) ip hooping on an original course ovon when it is plain that a chango must be made in a few seconds to avert a collision; .' . ; .There'is, of 'cottrso, no theatrical nows. Tho Casino is still opon, and ia alleged to bo playing some kind of cpmio opera;.but.all tho dudes havo left town, and the audience is composed ontiroly of country visitors. This "yew itie railroads, hnvo begun to imitate the English system bf excursions, and almost daily, from tho remoto wilds of tho surrounding . wilderness, wo aro invaded;by hordes of wild-eyed farmers, drawn hither by tho inducomont of a "round trip for a singlo faro." Thus tho Casino and tho dimo musoums and variety shows aro still able' to make a littlo monoy, in spite of the torrid heat" Mn. P. STAÍÍIOH posseasos the latest science of Vienna and Halle UniTcrsity-cllnics for disensos, of the car, tho svstcm of I which is without: piiln or injury to hearing;. Mr. Stnnioli ls I attending poor patients gratuitously every Tuesd»7. Consulting i Rooms aro at 2», Clarence- street, near Petty"» ll itel, Bydasy - 