ESSENCE OF THINGS. BRITISH ARB FOKBICttf. Surrey in a cricket match with Sussex this week.made 698 runs in one innings. The House of Lords has passed the emas culated Local Government BilL The Khedive protests against the Italian annexation of Massowah and Zulln. The Commons finally disposed of the Parnell Enquiry Bill last week. Lord Salisbury thinks a Eusso-German alliance would maintain European peace. A lady member of the British roval family is said to be on the brink of turning Romanist. Henri Bochefort has been fined 5000 francs for libelling Jules Ferrv. The last link of'railway between Paris and Constantinople was opened this week. Amiral Trycin attacked and captured Folkestone (Kent) and Holyhead this week. A very successful " try on." Hamburg will inaugurate another Aus tralian steamship line with the beginning of next year. Foreign-Minister Goblet denies Italy's right to annex Massowah or to tax French subjects there. ' k The JumjuU of Lothian (Sehomberg Henry j Ker) —Secretary for Scotland—proposes to deporLa tiumber of crofters to New Zealand. DpfiZttlu and 1000 followers have entered the Transvaal whence President Kriiger will probably expel them. laOndon prices on Saturday were;—Aus trian wheat cx-warehouse 37s.; tin, £90 ; Gpi copper £8115s; mutton tallow 24s 6d! \- #1° the All-England match this week scores I arc ;—Australians (Lyons, Jones, and Boyle I left out) 80 and 100 j English 317. I Last month 2000 pilots and harbormasters fit great Britain presented a jubilee address | to the Queen. During the first half of this year 400 fish ermen have been drowned by storms in the I North Sea. i The whole matter of the New South Wales Chinese Bill is to be carefully considered by i the British Cabinet. First-Lord-of-the-Admiralty Hamilton says Great Britain must increase her land fortifi cations if London is to be safe. Lord Salisbury says the rulers of Europe desire peace, and that it is unlikely that any outside nation will interfere with Bulgaria. The Pall Mall (June 28) says " Freetrade in the United States is going to be as dividing a conflict as the slavery question." Would-be President Harrison is thought to have very small chance of beating Grover Cleveland. The United States Senate has adopted the treaty prohibiting Chinese immigration for a term of years. Somkeli and other Zulu chiefs are in the hands of the British, but Dinizulu is still at liberty. ^ Bismarck's Nord Deutsche Zeitung con siders France is to blame for quarrelling with Italy over Massowah. In the House of Commons on July 5 Mr. Parnell categorically denied authorship of the letters produced by the Times. In the match with Gloucester and Grace last week scores were.—England 214 and 313; Australia 143 and 126. Lost?* At a Communist funeral in Paris last week the police interfered with the mob. Cheerers for " Commune " and u Eevolution" were locked up, while thirty men were badly hurt. Mr. Albert Spicer, who visited Australia with Dr. Dale laBt year, declines to seek elec tion as the Liberal candidate for Maldon (Essex). Mr. Parnell is suing the Times in Scotch courts for damages aggregating £50,000. Mr. ; T. P. O Connor and Mr. J. E. Bedmond are ' also suing the Thunderer. The ship Abbey Town—bound for Warr nambool (Vie.)—ran down and Bank the ' steamer Bosphorus in the English Channel-on Monday. No one hurt. I Truth (June 28) writes of the Pan-Anglican Conference as affording " a plausible excuse ' t-o American and colonial prelates for coming ' to England for a holiday." j A storm last week wrecked many ships at ' Valparaiso—chief harbor of Chili, which is j well sheltered from all points but the north j —and 200 persons were drowned. Mr. James O'Kelly—the much-travelled J member for Roscommon—is to go to gaol for four months for so-called offences under the * Crimes Act. The American murderer Maxwell—who killed Preller in 1885, was sentenced to death \ in August, 1886, aud appealed against the ; verdict—was hanged last week. j Mr. Sexton—whom the Patt Mall calls ' " the third orator in the Commons "—made a great impression by his speech on the ! Parnell-letters commission last week. ' Mr. Cunningham - Graham, M.P.—" the Trafalgar-Square hero"—says the chain makers of Lancashire are living under con ditions Worse than savagery. A French professor—evidently not of shoot ing—fired five times at General Boulanger ! last week without hitting him. Probably a "put up job " to wiu back public notice. Mr. J. B. Dimberley, of the British Chrono logical-Astronomical Association, says very severe winters come every ninth year in Eng land. He basOB his statement on century-old ' records. Admiral Tryon in tho Devastation with the Invincible and two gunboats attacked and claim to have taken Liverpool last week. On the other hand Liverpool avers that it cap tured the ships* Dr. Henry Montagu Butler—Master of Trinity College, Cambridge—-has married Miss Agnata Frances Ramsay (a daughter of Sir J. H. Ramsay, Bart.) who recently, greatly distinguished herself at the university examination. The Home Rule caucus demand the resig nation of Mr. Hugh Watt, who won a victory for them in Camlachie division of Glasgow last election by 3467 votes to 3308 and who latterly was convicted of plagiarising from Mrs. Dominick Daly's book on the Northern Territory. Field Marshal Helmuth Carl Bernhard von Moltke—born October, 1800, transferred from Danish to Prussian service in 1822, conqueror of Sadowa in 1866, and of France in 1870-1 is to be President of the German National Defence Commission, his place as chief of the general staff being taken by General Wal dersee. 