A M ERIC A K XQTES. Writing from New York ou the 19lli Augu&t; a correspondent of the Syduty Morn ing Herald say* : — The ' raft fiend'— the great Joggins— has carried oat his fell purpose, acd even at the risk of wrecking tli-2 entire traueitlanu-; fleet, bas i£U tended in Imugiog Lie huge strip oi logs from Nova Scotia safely \o New York. Last year, as nil. be remembered, a first ite owners Inst .'10,000 tl.i.s while thrte* &ail-; iDg ships «?? re wiecke.l b»' comi.ig in c nt-ict with the 60:11.1:3 wreck Lud the - .o-.vniuiMit and the Hoard of Underwrite s were put to heavy tupeote in sending oat tugs 10 gather ? up the logs. Kvtryotju S4'd then that legisla tion must be at once secured Swtb iu Canada. ' pens iu siuli casce, nuthiug was done, and so ' Jojrgius quietly l»ui t up n new improved cries of Alarm and terror. Luckily.' it : as come Sifi Iy to po: t, thinks to f±ir weather and a happy writs of fortu.:aie acci dents, &nil; we can breath* fr*v!y uu&iu; tVr another jvar. It is corn;iosu'l or' 21,300 » ticks, and tlie pmgr on th» venture w ill he aliou: 50 V 00 d-.lUit-. It is imrdly likely that :\\- sreoud time, aud long Ife-foiu the opeiiiLig of next season the Joggins' idea will be snp- 1 pressed by appropriate solemn acte of. the j Dominion Parliament and the Washington We hare had another awful steamship disaster— a collision iu mid-oc^n c etween the two ships which compose the fleet of ths Danish mail line, known as ibe Thingralla Steamship Company, to this city. Each line now has its own uoao iaue marked oat on the chart, and so it is out after all so very wonderful that within a few yearB it should happ- n alike to the White Star and the Thina v«JU line that their vessels should ran into each other. In this last case there was no fog, and the v**aels sighted e»cb other when they were yet t«ro mile* apart. Instead uf at ouce by signal laying out a proper course, both shtys kept on until it was plain that they would come together, and thru by a blunder they each changed their helm eo that one crashed foil into the engine compartment of the other. In less than five minutes the injured ship went down to the bottom, drowning 120 out of about 160 passengers and crew. The other vessel carried nearly 600 immigrants, and was w- badly in jure i about the bow that it would cerUicly have gone down too in heavy weather. Id the niok of time, however, a German steamer came by aud took off all bnt tlie crew, and then tt,e di ableJ vessel, by back ing stern first, managed to get into Hali fax which wad only about 120 rciles away. This disaster will give new meaning to the international congress soon to convene f.T the purpo e of arranging a tetter code of ocean signalling, and of imposing penalties upon ca.yta.ins who persist (aa is commonly dooe now from mere idle vanity) in keeping on an original course even when it is plain that a change must be made in a few seconds to avert a collision. The commercial situation has been greatly etren^thened by the appi.eutl^ authentic reports of bad crops in mom parts of Europe. Oar own crop will be a fairly good one, and a strong market for the surjilcs will raise the general ccale of prices of a;l produce very a dollar a bushel at Chicago, the farmers would have plenty of money to tpeno. on piaaos and ncd the genc-ml conditi-.n of trade would be diet that tliia ia ture to come before the end ef tlie yen1*, and then we that! ccrtaiol* ^ have a ' -boi.m.' 'Ihe sff-culators iu stocks have ?' discounted.' the improvemeat by putting up the prices of securities to trhat they would really be worth il these sanguine prophecies had been already realised : but there is do stock gambling lever among the general public and so there is no danger of a panic, even if prices ehoald fall down again as rapidly as they have gone up. The election, of Bourse inter feres seriously with all enterprise that are not yet well established. Many new lines of rail road will be vigorously pushed on as soon as it is definitely knonn whether the rails to build thttn must be bought here at American prices or can be got from E 11 ope without paying the present heavy doty. Meanwhile many foundries and mills and factories o? all kind* are obliged to work on short time or bave even closed up altogether. The Chicago rolling mills discharged 1500 men only three days ago and at Fa.ll River 3000 cotton mill hands have beeu within a week 'fciiepended.*1 Toe Democrats say tliat this is a species of factnrere, but the workmen affected are by no means satisfied with this explanation, 'Tid seem i: dined to say that if they were in the place of the employer they would act in much the same fashion. AH who can afford it are away at the sea' side, or in the mountains- U ithin the past few years a successful effort has be*-n made to appropriate some part of the time thus sacrificed to the santaier beats to useful pur suits. Of course, from time immemorial, every well conducted person has gone to the country with a good stock of solid reading in his trunk ; but experience has shown that such Itooks ^hive bad a sad tendency to regain unopened. But about a dozen y**a.r-. a^o, Agassiz £tartf«l tl:e famuua Summer School of Natural History, and this was follow^ by Alcott's almost equally famous School uf Philosophy. Toe plan in each case was to carry and the results were favourable beyond the most sanguine expectations. Then the reli gious people took up the idea, and founded at moling. » f a prolt-cge-i type, a Sumnitr Sch-jui uf Chrifctiau Theok'gy. -nd then, at another birge lake, Chaiauqaa, thtre came a yet ful!er ilevt?loj»nji;nt *'f the project. A summer oulversi : v vras here established, at which the most eminent professors in most weeks to spare conli thus pay a email earn am! drink in fu;l draughts of - an sent or Anglo - Saxoo «»f the higher matln;inal..ca. An ar n:nc- ment was perfected by which the Btudits li 11 papi-i- aud mi -iUM:ii i-f pr:z-a. Kvery diviueur orator, and tlierc b- ^ieo plenty of £oo*l nvis'.c. O: t-ours*: ihe D»;t results at tain.-. i are o- a - try mixed character. The full purpose of leirnijg to read the U.ad in goes bjmc taking little in -re tlian the Greek alpcnhrt wit!-, u hieh to astonish liia neighbours Etuiirut is |.'t)'lucril iu » ;'om a gt-iiui..-.- tlr.r»t f... kii.iwlvvlgv: i.-. au'ttki-nc I So pvoti al-lc '.. .Vs.mbK,' lUt'lt lil* l.iui.a ini.ta-.-rsVll ....r ll.e' f--i..-i, o;-..-, C^r.-h. N«-« ? J. r«-y. uvu ' (Jliatauuuci,' ai;ii a.li tiic^e to^ji-tlu-r have in common a journal devoted exclusively to the development of the ' Ca&tauo.ua; idea,' Perhaps one of the beat feat ?res of this syste n is the laying down of a fixed cjurse for the year of solid ivadinjj both poetry and prose, with very handsome prizes for those who are declared by an examination to have profited beat by their studies. This class last year embraced 10,000; and it is certain ly aomething gained that a leaven of healthy in tellectual effort should thos be spread through strata of the community which was sadly in need of mental improvement. 