CRUMBS. Clew, frosty nights, Australian blood up. Mr. Mestayer mnst go. Kemp defeated H™'" Von Finkelatein lectures. Coal famine in California. No longer a white elephant. Berlin bulletins diaoontiuued. Footbatlera none than children, Steamer sank in the Snez Canal, Germany a red rag to Boolanger. Celestial thieves at Port Darwin. Strained Rosso German relations. Aconite and belladona legislators. Brain playing the spy in Bulgaria. Oar railway receipts are improving. "Chinese wonld eat as if separated." Berlin bnlletin slightly unfavourable. Clash of arms before the month's out. Bungling at the Centennial Exhibition. The Australian wine trade is looking np. Ron upon splints, bandages, and lotions. Chinese question monopolizing attention. Fatal aocident at a sohool horizontal bar. Another Irish M.P. interned for 14 days. Ves, what are fair testa of railway axles ? Commissioner Coles distributing bonuses. Good Catholio may read George's works. Garonne sunk Lnoinda; two seamen lost. Ioe a quarter of an inoh thick in the hills. Quarter's vital statistics fairly favourable. Bishop Kennion, Nioe. Was he ever other ? " Honest Joseph Smith" is on the way out. Statesmanlike to substitute Indian coolies. Double dose of homcepathy in the Council. Cruel King Typhoid:still reigns at Broken Hill. Portonians won't let Salisbury do as he likes. Old Pope to be told to mind his own busi ness, French transport with 248 oonvicta at west town. Russian troops Bteadily advancing Cook ward. Admiral Makhimoff ooming to test our forts. The Afghan's innocents have gone for their cook. Doleful reoord of the lambing in the North West fiuBsiantroops again on the maroh south ward. Turks, Greeks, and Servians started the game. Disastrons hailstorm in Delhi—150 natives killed. Rinking nonces should pad their bony angles. The Sick Man is getting angry at the Bear's antics. Parnellltes' dander rising~at the Holy Father. Britain's defenoea to be still farther in creased. Th9 Adelaide Orpheus Society has been formed. The Hon. Dr. Magarey; the Hon. G. W. Cotton, The nearest J.P. to the [Peake is 75 miles distant The Australians won the first matoh by 6 wickets. Commissioner Catt off to Victoria for holiday. Old Mrs. Lavender reduced to a oinder at Sydney. The virtue ef patienoe to be acquired at the rink, Mount Lofty Range oompared to the hills ofMoab. A Papal Propaganda to diagnose Pat's ailments. The law's letter strained against the Celestials. Alphabetical quite willing to promise a Sunday train. Port Adelaide rejoioing in the export of silver bullion. Russia sending her most powerful oraiser to the Paoifio. Prince of Naples wonnded by a dynamite ehell bursting. Billy OBnen, M.P., to nave another dose of martyrdom. Female Befnge doing its work quietly thongh elowly. The Panelav party in Russia again getting the npper hand. Another dissstroos flood in China—3.COO people drowned. fiow ever would Fat manage to live with out a grievance 1 Like Prince Ferdinand the rinker aspires to independence. A regular Franco-Russian intrigue agaiaet Italy discovered. A masterly move by the Chinese respecting the opium trade. M.P. Glynn stirring up 70-year-old grievances again. The old Pope has decided that hie decree shall be enforced. Brother Jonathan emulating the bland and child-like Chinee. Concentration of Russian troops on the Galician frontier. The Rneso-Montenegrin raiders into Servia have been routed. Bear steadily gathering strength for prowl in summer. Canadian Fisheries Treaty passed by the Dominion Senate. French Squadron ordered to Yokohama under sealed orders. Cardinal Moran explaining away the sting of the Pope'e decree. Bishop Barry on the way to the Pan Anglican Conference. Conservator Jones has ehied at the re sponsibility after alL Bishop Pearson, of Newcastle, declared to be absolutely insane. Best beef ie quoted at 20s. per 100 lbs. in the Adelaide market. Kerosined lice is just a trifle too strong even for a Chinaman. Major Popoff sentenced to fonr years penal servitude for bribery. £s it likely that the heavy demand for coal 1b only for California ? -Canadian Fisheries Bill passed by New foundland Parliament. One per cent, of tin in ore is only worth now in London lis. 3d. Miss von Finkelstein, G.M.C.G., Grand Maltese Cross of Gold, There ie a bay in Bake Enron where con stant thunder is heard. Amalgamation ie an easy means of dis pensing with an officer. Electors pronounced in favour of temper ance and access to land. Independence is all very well, bat not in first attempt at rinking. What is needed for mining development iB concentration of energy. Germany's puppet King Tamasese is to be recognised by John Boll. Economy by amalgamation adopted; .by minor Methodist bodies. Opposition or non-Opposition—that ie the question for onr M.P.'e. The " Thunderer" has struck the right note on the Chinese question. Canada wants toenter into privileged trade relations with Australia. Onr native industry is likely to be aSeoted by that bottled wine tax. When Protectionists fall out other honest men may get their rights. Government Geologist knows the art of being scientifically vague. Attorney-General Kingston was one too many for the Mongolians. GermanB greatly interesting themselves in the Melbourne Exhibition, Every week there seems to be a substan tial credit to immigration. New Zealanders prepared to defy the law tojprevent Chinese landing. Barrier Banges concentrating machinery at work on the Junction Mine. Another man great in goodness disappeared in form but not in influenoe. "The farmers are jubilant," says almost every country correspondent. Early closing motion in the Commons rejected by a majority of 183. Semaphore Baths Company has got a lease of that foreshore for 21 years. Russia's emissary. Major Popoff, convicted of embezzling Bulgarian funds, Wapstraw not yet tairly represented in connection with the Exhibition. Way Lee and his feUow-eountrymen object to the opium trade in Australia. Wallaroo has wants. Having humorous Davie it seems hardly creditable. Chinese brought about the present diffi culty by using fraudulent papers. Great flutter in the Civil Service dovecote. More amalgamations and savings. Mr. Goschen says our wine trade will not be affected by the new extra duty. It will not be wortn tnewniieot ateamamp owners to take Chinese passengers. Two more fast Russian cruisers to be sent to join the North PaciGo Squadron. Ai-oat Greater powers wanted to mobilize the British Yeomanry and Volunteers. What is the nse of an offioial mining report not understandable by the people ? New Zealand Government retrenching £23,000. Not an extravagant effort. A oommittee of independent experts had better be appointed as to those axles. Bottled wines trader 30s. a dozen to be exempt from the proposed extra duty. Collection of British pictures for Mel bourne Centennial valued at £200,000. Mr. J. G. Knight to represent the Northern Territory at the Melbourne Exhibition. Chief Justice Higinbstham declined to resume Presidentship of the Exhibition. Bishop Pearson, of Newcastle, too mad to resign. A nut to orack for their Synod. We are the luoky owners of " Royal" Ex ohange, No. 2. London City has No. L Dublin's Home Rule Archbishop b to be allowed to remain at his See—at present. Crumbman endorses the appreciative senti ments as to the Hon. Mr. and Mrs. Colton. Some uncharitable members will make inferences over that amalgamation business. Chanoe now for Russia to work a point against England over our Chinese difficulty. Queensland blaoks are being rapidly killed off with opium supplied to them by Chinese. French squadron going to Yokohama only i AViaovtra Gmanmnirma in TananoBA trafarfl to observe "manoeuvres in Japanese waters. Our Minister of Education has had his bands full since his return from the Terri tory. At Rose Lake, Saginoza, America, there is magnetio mud whioh a boat oannot pass over. As to landing the mails. Government will face the difficulty when the agreement is con cluded. Jolly old Arthur is always in fettle when there's a feed inoluded in representing the colony. The Columbia Rink, the Hospital, and most of the doctors are located on North terraoe. Plan of Campaign Dillon says it b mon strous for the Pope to interfere in Irish politics. Won't somebody want to know if red tape is not at the bottom of that New Parksiae typhoid? Melbourne wife of one of the detained Chinese going to have him nabbed as a wife deserter. M.P. Dillon advbes a system of combined boycotting instead of " indulgence in outrage." The public ought to have a little informa tion as to what roally wrecked the SCommer cial Bank. Australian National Union's key is federa tion and, not like the Natives' Association, separation. Shipowners having a good time through the competition of wheat and coal merchants for tonnage. Cingalese coolie, fooling with a dynamite cap, wonts to know the whereabouts of his Gngers' ends. Victorian Chinese intend to apply for a writ of habeas corpus as to immigrants in the Burrumbeet. The Railway Commissioners will require the entire services of the Engineer-in- Chief's Department. Bishop Barry thinks that we have a moral right to restrict, but not prohibit Chinese immigration. Powerful Syndicate of Hongkong and Can ton merchants organized.to poor coolieB into Port Darwin. Now that rain has come we are told that there is only sixty days' supply of water in the reservoirs. Two powerful political organizations—the Trades and Labour Council and the Tem perance party. Barometer at noon to-day, 30*30; at 3 o'olock, 30*25, slowly falling, calm, cool, nnclonded sky. Some of the selectors on Yorke's Peninsula are having a very bard time of it, says the Commissioner. Will the speeches of the doctors in the Counoil be on the homceopathio principle of : little and often? < Colonial Agents-General to have the same privileges in the Commons as Ambassadors of Foreign Powers. Savings Bank, Adelaide, deposits show a shrinkage of over £8,000.. bit still leaking on to the Corner? What vigorous statesmanship is manifest j in the stereotyped phrase—" We will con- j eider the matter." _ I Yellow agony question is proving rather difficult of solution, judging from inter colonial accounts. Cardinal Mo ran says the Pope's decree is not intended to interfere with legitimate political agitation. Unole Sam loves his firm and ancient friend John- Chinky so much as to exolude him from .America. Is a single draught of allopathy in the Assembly equal to a double dose of homoeo pathy in the Connoil ? Notwithstanding the withdrawal of Mr. J. W. JoneB. the setyioes of Mr, Mestayer are to be dispensed with. Plan of Campaign Dillon counsels his countrymen to tell the Pope that they can manage their own affairs. Mnsio looking up in this musical cltv. Musical Association have over 200 sub scribers to their concerts. Victoria's Chief Justice has resigned the Presidentship of the Melbourne Exhibition— wanted to boss everybody. In less than n month the Pastoral Board ' will have oompleted their work so far as the outside work is oonoerned. Irish boycotting doesn't mean compulsion, 1 says orator MoQiynn, only everybody mast do it—or show a reason why. " We are doing too mnch in instructing children, and not allowing them to work sufficiently for themselves." * I The Conservator of Water bad plenty of confidence in his ability, but deolined an increase in his salary of £200, General Boulanger proposes that the French army should have a voice in settling the foreign policy of the country. ; Ola Blooa-and-Iron has no fears of any " immediate" disturbance of the peace of Europe. Conveniently vague. The Locomotive Engineer is enthusiasti cally encouraging looal Industry. Gray Brothers will give the particulars. The German explorers in the Cameroons have been attacked by the natives, and seven oi them killed and thirty wounded. Hecepiton of the Fope'e decree by the Irish Bishops, priests, and people to be reported to Bis Holiness by Monsignor Persioo. Cereal exports for first quarter of 1888 | exoeed 4f million bushels—200,000 bushels more than the entire export of 1887. The Carl RoBa Company contemplate build ing a new theatre in London which will be devoted exclusively to English opera. The new President of our looal League wont believe those telegrauiB until the old Pope's " exaot terms" are. forthcoming. A man in Ohio has just been buried iu a coffin made from a tree wbich he planted for the purpose eixty years previously. SteamBhip Directors considering whether they cannot make the Governments smart in the Law Courts over the Chinese question. Boards of Health have no power to order typhoid patieutB to an hospital. If patient likes can stay and infeot the neighbourhood. Earl Carnarvon again denies the truth of Jnstin McCarthy's story about King Parnell and the little Earl hobnobbing over Home Rule. Sir William Armstrong's new gun to rcBist torpedo attacks 1b a 80-pounaer, and de velops a muzzle velocity of 1,900 feet per second. Severe Bentenoes passed on six out of nine of s Sydney gang of lanikins. Three suc cessfully tried Sam Weller's dodge and proved an alibi. Victoria's Presbytery express "sympathy" or brother Chinky in not being allowed to join the Celestial throng in the Queen City of the South. Our silver-wedding present to Mr. and Mrs. Wales will be a creditable one if the organs of sight are equal to the powers oi description. A Chinese dwarf named Si Fah, a native of Tamsui, is in Shanghai, and is to be exhi bited. He is 43 years of age, and only 30 inches high. Conservator of Forests Brown off on wood-selling expedition. He will be able to woik after sunset, as Corporation by-laws I won't reaoh him. I Mr. Buik complains that he was mis reported as to his views on the totalizator, but he omitted to make any reference to any J trimming on the question. Consumption, which used to be considered an exclusively English disease, is making frightful havoe even in France, no Iobb than 160,000 persons dying every year of this disease. Zadkiel writes:—"Humbug Scrub, May 2\. — Please present my best respeots to 'Murphy's Progenitor,' in whom I am proud | to recognize even a greater hnmbng than myself. The higher of the two peaks of Killi manjaro, the loftiest mountain in Africa, has just been ascended by Dr. A. Meyer, of Leipsic, who places its height at very nearly 20.000 feet. Heavy liquidation expenses going on for over two years in the Commercial ot S. A. Isn't it time that daylight was let in ; or are they waiting for the Directors and share holders to die? Mr, G. C. Knight, G.D.C., of the S.A. Grand Lodge of Freemasons, has received an intimation from the Grand Lodge of Peru that the Peruvian institution has oonferred | upon him the rank of P.G.S.W. for his valuable services as its representative in South Australia, Among the attractions of the Paris j Universal Exhibition will be a huge theatre This vast playhouse will be essentially, de. voted to the production of the old-fashioned pantomine—that is an action without aoy words, the only mode of esprcesion being by gesture and movement. Ihere are now about 200,000 acres of tea planted in Ceylon, giving employment to 1,200 British Managers and Superintendents and 300,000 British subjects from India and Ceylon. By the end of the present century it is calculated that Ceylon will be able to export 100,000,000 lb. of tea. Blood contains oxide of iron, which sinks deep into the fibre of woodt and proves indelible to ordinary washing. Thae it is trne that Btooea of a porouB nature and wood not of the hardeet kind are susceptible to the stain of blood produoed by the oxide of iron which the blood contains. There were lynohed during the year 1887 in the United States no fewer than 123 persona. Of the various' states and territories Texas heads the list with fifteen lynchings, and MiBeissippi is entitled to second place with fonrteen to her credit. All the viotuns were males, eighty of them being negroes. On Tuesday evening Mr. Hopkins, M.F., was compelled to beat an ignominious retreat from the platform at a publio meeting at the Working'Men's Halh the audience refusing to hear him. On Wednesday evening, -aot BOO yards from the same place, he addressed a large body of working men and waB freely', oheered. The Queen is to have some permanent memorial of the Women's Jubilee Offering in addition to the Prince Consort statne and the Nursery Institution. The ladies of the com mittee contemplate presenting Her Majesty with a pearl necklace—one of great size aha beauty having been prepared by a Court' jeweller. The total debt of tbe City of New York at the clOBe of 1887 was $132,822,066 15o., while the sinking fund holds 938,604,066 15c. The credit of the city is excellent. The esti mated value of the real estate for 1888 iB 91,806,310,133, and of personal estate 9257,000,000 making a total assessable value of 91,663,310,183. Germany ie gradually, but surely, eliminat ing all foreign tongaes from her border pos sessions. She has long been doing her best to oust tbe French language from all official use and teaching in Alsace-Lorraine, and now Danish is no longer to be taught or used in schools through Slesvig, or Polish in the religious educational establishments in Posen. German must be used in instruction except under very special circumstances. The Moravians have settlements not only in Germany, bnt aleo in England, Switzer land and America. They hold nearly all the doctrines of Lather, Their largest settle ment, Herrnhnt, is in Saxony, and the Moravians in many parts of Germany bear the naine of Herrnhnttera In each com* inanity there are two booses set apart—one for the married men, «sUed the " Brothers' Honse," and the other for all unmarried sisters or widows who wish to enter it' The Moravians cannot marry without the consent of the elders of;their Charoh, and in: some cases the brideniooihlihs been chosen for the bride, ■"< : 