Great Speech by the Bishop or Manchester. Ooe readers, we think will not regret that we postponed reporting this speech when it was first delivered, as we are now enabled to give it in full. Even Mr. Labonchere would scarcely deny the right of the BiBbopto speak with authority upon colonial questions. Tbe Bishop of Manchester (Dr. Moor house), who was received with cheers, said he really felt that to speak in the Univers ity of Cambridge npon the subject of Imperial Federation was like earrving coals to Newcastle, because Imperial Federation, as a practical idea, had its origin in the University. It was pro nounced ss an important factor of modern politics, and it was forcibly explained and illustrated in a fine series of lectures on the extension of England by Professor Seeley — (applause)— which were read end quoted wherever the English langnBge was spoken. At the same time they could not possibly throw a new truth or a new idea into the world withont its having to run through a process of criticism and comment. It came at first into conflict with the principles of prejudice, to which it was repugnant, and interests which it seemed to oppose, and, therefore, they had to take account not only of those free lances of controversy who seemed to object to everything that other men believed, and who mnnt not be taken too seriously — (applause) — but they had to deal with men of power and of practical convictions, who mast be taken account of, and whoBe objections could only be met dy solid reasoning, A veteran and patriotic poli tician whom be (the Bishop) supposed they all admired — Mr. John Bright — (ap- plause) — was such a man. NOTHING; BUI A DREAM. In the language of which he was a master, Mr. John Bright has told them that Imperial federation was nothing bnt a dream, and he advanced two reasons fcr what he told them. He said that, in the first place, it was a dream, because England conld not expect the colonies to involve themselves in the warlike responsi bilities of the mother conntry, and secondly, he said England could not have a feder ation for common purposes between those who opposed onu another with hostile tariffs. He (the Bishop; had the deepest respect for Mr. Bright, and he thought all wonld admire Mr. Bright for his robust reasoning, for his love of fresdom, ami his patriotic conduct from the beginning of his career until to-day, notwithstanding which he must confess that nn air of suspicion was thrown for him over these statements of Mr. Bright by the circum stance that they were based on iwo well known prejudices. He called them such, for to him (tbe Bishop) they seemed so — the first being that they had a right to first obtain peace at any price, und, secondly, the prejudice, as it beemed to him, that orthodox views npon free trade were amongst the necessary conditions to Imperial federation.' He did not believe that either of those arguments was a sound one, bnt, at the same time, he confessed that one must not allow one's judgment to be dominated by those suspicion 3, and one mast receive and consider with all the re spect which they demanded the arguments of each a man as Mr. Bright. Let them ask, in the first place, ' U it a fact that it is impossible to have Imperial federation because we cannot expect our colonies to enter into the rrnrlikn responsibilities of the mother country ? ' In the first place, he would answer that he did not think the colonists did, and he did not think they should believe in Mr. Blight's pro position, that peace should be purchased at any price. PEACE, BUT NOT AT AMY PBICE. Peace was very precions, and everybody, particularly every Christian man, would* pay a heavy price for peace, bnt not at any price. He did not think that any nation should give rjp, as the price of peace, its civil liberty. Those exhorta tions of their blessed Master of for giveness of enemies and abstinence from strife, they must not forget, were pro pounded to men who lived under the civil protection of the Roman sword. They knew that one apostle told them that (he magistrate did not bear the sword in vain; and that he was to administer wrath npon him that did evil. The question for colonists to consider was whether, if Eng land and the colonies fell asunder into separate States, their civil liberty would be secure. Mr. Bright thought it would, and he brought forth this illustration of his view — the case of the American colonies. He said be thought it was a very fortnnate thing for the American Republic that it did not form part of the British Empire during the French Re volutionary War. With all respect to Mr. Bright, he i^the Bishop; did not think that that was au illustration in point at all, because they knew that the British Navy swept the sea of all the competing naval Powers, and, therefore, the American He public could afford to neglect the hostility of France, because France could not get at her. Bnt the point was, Conld onr colonies, in like manner, afford to neglect the hostility of other powers in the new era of huge ironclads and growing national navies — was it, in a word, probable that England might find herself at death grips with some naval power that ex hausted her ntmost energies and resources; and did they think that, nnder such circumstances, the colonist who desired to live in a peaceful Arcadia wonld be sufficiently defended against some of the naval powers that had their resources at theii disposition because the colonies were not engaged in England's conflict ? TBE FATE OF NEUTRALS. Did tbey remember that, in the French Revolutionary war, Denmark thought that a declaration of m-ntrality would protect her from aggressiou ? But did it ? Eng land imagine! that Denronrk miglit lie overrun by Fraucr, ami to prevent the French getting hold of the Danish navy, England sent an expedition and seized npon it, ' lnfamons 1' someTSijght say. It was all very well for those who talk abont peace to say it was infamous, bat men who were fighting for life did Dot con sider it infamous, and those present might rely upon this — that sneh powers as Ger many and Russia wonld not be likely to think, if self- preservation dictated it, that such a step was infamous. (Applause.) At any rate he (the bishop) conld be sure of one thing — that the power which pro mised to evacuate Khiva, and fonnd it so comfortable and prosperous a place that, to pnt it mildly, it reconsidered its decision — that power wonld not bave the smallest reluctance to attack any of the colonies if England was engaged in another direction. (Applause.) He thought it was desirable that he should give an illustration or two of the position in which the colonies wonld find themselves — illivstratinns based on his knowledge of Australia, and certain events which happened there during his residence in that part of the world. They remem bered that the Frcnce, after promising to regard the New Hebrides as nentral terri tory, sent forces and took possession of them 1 That they might make them the common sewer of France; ihat they might fill them with the vilest scum of Parisian convicts ; that ihey might make, to put it in plain English, these islands a hell upon earth. That wonld signify very little to England, bnt to Australia, which had at its back door, those islands, whose coasts and ports were invaded by these wretches, whose population was corrupted, and who6e property was stolen — to Australia it was a question of lite and death. Australia's fiouv navy. But what was the nse of Australia entering a protest ? What notice wonld France be likely to take of the protest of a colony whose pigmy navy she conld sweep from the seas in a week f It was useless for Australia to protest against a great power nnless her protest ivus backed with the Yoice of England. (Applause.) He wonld cire another illustration of the importance to the colonies of Imperial Federation. Tbe Germans look possession of a part of New Guinea. That signified very little to England unless England cared for Australia, as he hoped Eng'and did — (applitnse) — but those present wonld see that if a first-rate European power es tablished itself at the back door of Aus tralia this was likely to follow — it might create vast military establishments there, and if it did it would compel Australia to make her population undergo the incon venience of the conscription, and it wonld force her to the wasteful military expendi ture which was exhausting the great mili tary powers of Europe. Some one might say, ' It is a wild suspicion — the idea of Germany creating vast military establish ments in sneb a place as New Gninen !' Bnt they lind got eyes in their heads in Anstralia — (laughter and applause) — they did, really, see beyond their noses, and that great question about New Guinea did exist. Bismarck had taken that step of which he had spoken, and did they suppose that Bismarck wonld run the risk of losing the valuable English alliance if he had not a purpose in view, and perhaps, of patting a little pressure on England to let her see that she was not invulnerable ? Perhaps that was one risk, bnt he (the bishop) thought any wise man conlil see another. If they glauced at the map they would see New Guinea, Snmatra, Java, and Borneo forming a long lineofislands on the north east of Australia. Tbey belonged to tb.8 Dutch. It was a matter of common European gossip that the next power that Bismarck was going to swallow was Hol land, and there was no knowing how soon Bismarck might produce a change in that part of Europe. At any rate, in Aus tralia it was seen to be a near possibility. Let the meeting look at the matter from that point of view. Germany wonld be in New Guinea, having possession of Sumatra, Java, and Borneo, wonld be a great power at the Antipodes, and would necessarily have a large navy and big military force, which, it seemed to him, meant tbat Ans tralia mast go to great expense and sah niit to great inconvenience or slnmber in a fool's paradise. It might do for a man who would accept peace at any price to disregard sue!) things and to dream dreams of Utopia, but sensible men must look npon this world as they fonnd it, and this world was not arranged according to the Society of Friends. (Laughter and ap plause.) It mnst be remembered that if Englaud lost a thousand battles, and be hoped England would, rather than sur render the nation's civil liberty — then that was a tremendous question for Anstralia, whether we iu England knew it, or whether we did not. WILD, WANTON, AND WICKED. He might tell the meeting that there was nothing so displeasing to Australians as to hear Englishmen, in their wild, and wanton, and wicked pessimism, declaring that England was weak, end worthless, and decayed. (Such people as said that were doing a great deal of harm, not to Enjrland alone but to those who loved the mother conntry best. The Australians regarded England in the same way as a young man looked upon his mother; there might be some waverers, bnt how wonld any one of tbosc present liko a roon to strike bis mother in the face? And they might depend upon it that if any big power struck England in the face, there was not an Australian who wonld not spring to the front and strike wfth all his might for England. Did they mean to tell him that the act of imposing a protective tariff was to pre Imperial Federation for tho purpose of mutual defence ? He believed that to be the purest dream of Mr. Bright. There existed a protective tariff at the gates of Paris. The octroi duties were very heavy. Paris charged the rest of France a great price for the privilege of selling in her markets, but did anyone menn lo s -$ that therefore Paris wonld not join the rest of France in opposing a common enemy? Tbe colony of Victoria imposed a heavy price upon the people of New Sooth Wales for the privilege of selling goods in the Victorian markets, bnt if sny foreign power attacked New South Wales, the men in Victoria wonld rise in ber defence. Tbe policy of adopting a protective tariff was not entitled to be called a hostile policy at all, and it was folly to think that that shonld prevent tbe connection of England with the colonies for the pur pose of mnlnal defence. He agreed that a man who wonld come forward with any cut and dried scheme, which he thought to be perfect in every (orra, would be a contemptible sciolist ; but he would go bo far as -to say this— that if, by a reconstruction of the Bouse of Lords, say, England obtained the best representa tives of the colonies in one of the HonseB of Legislature ami if thoiw representatives were given ports among the Privy 'Coun cillors of the Sovereign, so that the voice of tbe colonies conld be effectively heard in all matters of international policy, he knew that (he colonial subjects of the Queen wonld bp amongst the readiest to offer all tho life or treasure which the conntry reqnired for the common defence of the Empire. (Applause.) DIFFICULTIES HADE TO 1-E OVERCOME. Those who favoured Imperial Federation were met with an everlasting talk about difficulties, bnt difficulties were made to be overcome; pnUic officials were paid to overcome difficulties — (laughter) — and politicians were elected to overcome diffi culties with which they might meet. The question was no longer one of Federation or Separation. (Hear, hear.) He bad spoken of the questions which had arisen with regard to the Mew Hebrides and New Guinea, and another difficulty had arisen with regard to Chinese immigration. He wanted those present to remember this — every time the mother conntry nnd tire colonies were tempted to make alliance upon any national questions, tliTe arose the imminent danger of Separation, an I those qnestions wonld go .on int-rensinc and multiplying, and it tbey would nui invent a Federation League, through which all parties might make their claims and wishes known, and get their opinions represented, there wonld be separation be tween those who wanted to lie brothers, and who wanted to be one, in order that they might bo peaceful and strong. Was there anybody present who was so ignoble and so unpatriotic that in an age, as de scribed by Cambridge's learned Historical Professor — who in Boch an age as that would think Separation to be no calamity ? He (the Bishop; thonght it would be a calamity, and the only coarse which they conld take to prevent it was Imperial federation. Let Enctani] and rbe colonies have Imperial federation, that, as a great empire. England, in conjunction with that other great Anglo-Saxon Empire — the Repnblic of the West— might, allied in hopes and feelings, place the band of strong repression npon all ontocratic, and dynastic, or ministerial ambition, &nd; so lead the nations of Europe and tbe world into that great milleniitm of peace for j which every good man must pray.' — Pall j Mali Gazette. 