GENERAL NEWS. Pugilism. — A: fight took place yostorday aftornoon botwccu two druukon men, at tlio junction of Denham and Quay Btrcots. Tho oomhatants wero not well matehod, one being a head tailor and a good doal lioavior than tho other. Tlio big man, on each occasion, oamu off host, but ho took n moan advantage of bis Btrougth, hitting tho littlo man when lie was down. Tlio lattor .was plucky- enough, for ovory timo lie got up lip wanted to rosumo tho combat. Somo woll-iutontionod indivi duals, howovor, iutorforod, and ho was reluc tantly compolled to suspond liis abortive attempts. Tub - Miss kb Tkotman'h School. — A private outoi tiiiiiiiiont will bo givon in tho Softool of-Arts to-night, by tho pupils attend ing-, this school. Militarv ' Mattkils. —Thero was a goodv muster of tho Naval Hrigado at tho drill hIioiI last ovoning, undor Lieutenant Smith and Inspector Curtis. Tho grantor portion of tho ovoning was occupioil in taking tlio measure ments of tlio inon for new uniforms. Tho wore then marched into tho yard and flcorcisod in cutlass drill for thu space of an Honr. Tlio annual church parado will lie Tiold ou Sunday. Duunk and DisAnr.kd. — About ton o'clock o'clock last night it was reported to eon- stahlo Bohan by a man nomad Barnos tluit a woma i was lying helplessly drunk, with a wound in her hoad, near the Catholic Chnpal in Alma-strout. Tho constable procured n cab and took tho woman to Dr. Voss, who, after dressing tho wouud, ordered her im- modinto removal to tho hospital. We loarn that tho woman is niimod Mrs. Ordo, nud tho consbnblu is to 1m commondod for his promp titude in tho matter, as tlio woman was in a bad state and covored with blood. Rolling Stock. — Messrs. M. McVeigh aud Son, tho successful tenderers for thu twolvo waggons for tho Emu Parle lino are busily engaged upon this work. We visited thoir establishment yostorday, and found two of tho waggons to lie well umlur way, and will bo turned out next wook. Tho material for tlio others is all in readinuss to lie put together, but a slight delay has been oecasionod by the iioM-ari-ivul of some rough timber. Although this is thu first job of tlui sort this firm lias had in hand, we may state that they have tools and appliances for turning out all tho work, with thu exception of tho castings. Messrs, McVeigh and Sons will be moving into thoir now workshops about February, and already at tho new place, an eight horso power horizontal engine is in course of erection. (JaicKBTiNO Mattkiih.— 1 The lion, secre taries of the Rookhampton Cricket Associa tion are in receipt of a letter from the Charters Towers Cricket Club in answer to a communication Hont by tliem in pursuance of amotion carried at a m -eting of the Associa tion recently m a team from Itoolcliaiiiptou visiting Charters Towers and 'I'owiiHvillo about Easter for the purpose of playing cricket matches at those places. The follow ing is tho letter in question from tho Towors: — "Your communication of November 2(ith was duly received nnil placed before a committee of the Charters Towors C. C. as requested when the following resolution was arrived at : " That a letter ho written to the Rockhampton Cricket Association stating that wo should be most happy to play thuin a friendly gano ou our ground about Easter timo. — W. II. Willoy, lion, secretary, C.T.C.C." The above letter is very indefinite as not a word in respect to ways aud means is mentioned, but doubtless another lottcr will soon follow. AYuat an Escai'k. — A woll knowh bunker of Paris not long ago mot a man of about his own ngo, who, in shaking him cordially by tho hand, said : " Is it possible, my dear sir, that you do not remember mo ? AV'e met at pretty close quarters once, twouty-fivo years ago. I am So-und-So, with whom you fought a duel with pistols. You remember mo now ?" " So I do ! so I do !" B'aicl the banker ; " but I had completely forgotten the inoidont until you reminded mo of it." " Indeed ! As for me, t couldn't forgot it easily — I was so badly scared. Why, I heard your bullet whizz within an inch of my ear." " My bullet ?" " Certainly." " And tho pistols were loaded, then ?" " Of course." ' Ah, thoso rasoally seconds ! They swore to mo that tho pistols weren't loaded. Oh, dear ! Oh, dear ! To think that I might havo boon killed like a dog !" And tho banker fainted with agitation merely to think of tho danger which ho had run 25 yours before, and was carried into an apothe cary's to bo restored. An Alligatou in tiik Mary! The rumors of an alligator in thu Mary river wvro revived on Thursday night, and there seem more grounds for assuming that such a creature does exist, nud that it is getting bolder. Ou tho night iu question a house holder on tho river bank, below Point Lookout-, aud near Robertson's paddock, wns alarmed by being informed that a lad in his employ had just been clawed out of his paddock by an alligator. Tho lad on being examined minutely described the creature as snob saurians aro generally known, and added that on going iuto tho paddock, which was paled in, for a horso, lie noticed some thing moving, having previously heard tho cracking of something scrunching houes, and which lie took to bo a dog. He noticed somothiug move towards him, and as the object came near to him to his horror it proved to ho a huge " gohnnna "" |!o turned and fled and states that as ho scaled the fence the creature came up to it full butt with its nose. On tho boy's story being heard, a mail with a rifle was soon on the spot, and though ho found no tracos of tho enemy, yet lie was within an ace of shooting a drunken man lying ou tho road. The hunter actually aimed at the prostrate form, only tho color of the object did not tally with the marks- mau's idea of an alligator. Nothing more has been hoard of the alligator, uor tracks seen oithor, but tho putrid remains of a dog iu thu paddock have disappeared suddenly, and tho stench of this it is supposed attracted tho brute. Wo have the story from oue whoso alarm for his family at uiglits will put a stop to moandertugs by the river's bank for a timo. Perhaps tho presence of this saurian in our midst will solve the mystery of tho sudden disappearance of one or two of our citizens from the sccue of their former nativity. Tub Law Courts. — Tho Polico Magistrate Mr. G. L. Lukin, was tho only occupant o tho Bench yesterday morning. John Haiuiiughan was charged with boiug drunk. Mr. Lukin, sarcastically : You arc a respect able looking character, aro you not r1 Wore you drunk ? Accused : Yes, sir. — Mr. Lukin : Where do you work ?— Accused . Up the river at Mr. Loughran's. — Mr. Lukin : Havo you any wagos due to you ? — Aocusod : No sir. — Air. Lukiu : You spoilt it all yostorday to got drunk. Air, Lukin, to wntcli-houso keeper : Lot him go, it is no iiso talking to him, and besides, ho would bo an unploasant occupant of tho cells. — William AVinton, an old man, was also charged with drunkenness. — Air. Lukin ; Woll, old mail, wero you drunk ? —Aocusod : Yos,.Bir, I supposo so.— Mr. Lukin i Don't suppose so, say you aro surprised. — Accused ; AVoll, I took a. few glasses, and it took offset on me. — Air. Lukin : Lot him go. Peter Nbill was charged with a similar offcuco fuVunkeiineas), on which ho was discharged, t /e day previously AH. Lukin : " Well, Neill, you are very soon hero again. AArero you drunk f" Accused: "Yes, I was, sir." Mr. Sub-inspector Mathors informed tho Bench that the accused w is found at three o'clock that morniug lyiug near the ferry stops helplessly drunk, and his watch hang ing out." Air. Lukin : " Woll, this is twice wo have saved this money for you, nnd wo will havo to tako ,£2 this time for insurance. I seo yon spent ,£1 (is. yesterday getting tight, and I supposo you made two or three other fellows drunk too. You had better go hack into tho hush." Accused: " Yos, I intend so to do. I meant to go back to Maryborough yostorday, but missed the stoamer." Mr. Lukin : " A'ou won't havo any luonoy to go back with if you continue in this way." The qoousod was lined X2. Danish Freckle |Elixir con no purebms vl at Finukuos Shop, AVilliam-streef Tub. Gonoukgational Church. — Tho ladies belonging to this congregation are busily ongiiiml in arranging for tho salo of fancy wcLito tako place in tho School of Arts. Thu tonic-sol-fa class in connection with tho choir is doing very woll, thero be ing now about tivonty attendants. Tin-: North Rockhampton State School. — The prizes wore distributed yostorday to thu scholars attending thistifliool. Air. Lucas presided, and lie was afljs'tcd in tlioo work of distribution by Air. Win. Hopkins. Some of the children havo vory distinguished patronymics. Thoro is a Carr-Boyd nnd a .lustin McCarthy h The appearance or tlio children wnBjiropoBseHsiug, and they wore the rocoipionts of some handsome books and other valuable giftfH. Tun Wosip.n's Christian Temperance Un!on -Tho usual fortnightly mooting of tlio AVomon's Christian Temperance Union was held in tho Congrogntional Church yostorday aftornoon. After half an hour spoilt in dovotional exorcises tho minutes of tlio previous meeting wore road and oon- nrmed. Among tlio correspondence was a otter from Mr. W. L. G. Drew, clinirncm of tho Immigration Board, in roply to a memorial from the Union in reference to the appointment of a matron for the Roeklininp ten Immigration Depot. Ho promises to UHO his infliionee to forward tho wislios of ca tlio Union. A letter was also received from ur somo of thu ministers of the Union in reference to tomporance lessons for Sabbath schools. Alias Fleming wrote acknowledging receipt of two guineas towards prizes for girls ut tho Central State School. It was arningud to provide Christmas cards for patients at tho tho Hospital aud to discon tinue tlio iiiootiugH till after the holidays. Patronizing Rather!— A vory eminent London surgson, 0110 of tho profession, ono day observed a gentleman knocked down by a runaway horso. Ho wont to his nid and found I10 had broken his leg. It was only a simplo fracture, but tho man was badly hurt. The surgeon used his umbrella as a splint, and with bis own and borrowed hand kerchiefs bandaged tlio limb tightly, put tho patient iuto a cab, and drove to the nearest hospital. There they wero receivod by a young medical student, " You'vo bandaged '- this pretty well," said this youth, patroniz- u'ob'> " A'ou Hatter me," was the reply, Not at nil, snM tho othor; "IsuppoBG you've been attending some ambulance class. They say a littlo learning is a dangerous thing, but the little you've learnt you've put to good account. I can't give you your umbrella now, but if you leave your address it shall be sont to your Iioubo." " I had better give you my card," said the eminent surgeon. Aud lie did so. Foruktfulness. — Sudden forgotfulness is not mi unusual thing in tho pulpit. Aubrey, the antiquary says that when ho was a freshman at college lie hoard Dr. Sunderson, Bishop of Lincoln, well known for his work, " Nine Cases of Conscience," break down in tho middle of the Lord's Prayer. Evon tho great French preacher Massillon oucc stopped in tho middle of a sermon from a defect of memory ; and Arassillon recorded that the same thing happened through excess of apprehension to two other preachers whom ho wont to hear in different parts of the day. Another French preacher stopped in the middle of a sermon, and was not able to pi\>eood. The pause was, however, got over ingeniously. "Friends," said ho, "I had forgot to say that a person much afflicted is recommended to your immediate prayers." Ho meant himself. He fell on his knees, and before lie rose ho hud recovered the thread of his discourse, which he concluded without his want of memory being per ceived. From our advertising columns it will bo seen a Dramatic and Alusieal Club is on the tapis hero, aud, as it is in good hands, richly merits all tho support it will probably receive. The Licensed Victuallers will meet this evening at the European Hotel . o'clock. Business is important, and a full', «Bndance is requested. Yeppoou Sugar ougerly demands to be pntronizod, with the provision that the more you take of it tho better you will like it. At least, so says G. 8. Curtus.and like|JBrutus " he's nn honorable man." AVm. Howard Smith anil Sons intiniato that they can Bupply bost Newcastle coal iu largo or small quantities to suit all taatos aud incomes. Hopkins, of Dcnhum-street, will take a lot of licking in his assortment of Christmas cards this year. But the best way's to go and see, and having seen, to buy. Mudio and Landry announeo their buggies to lie par excellence tlio pick of the trado, and the workmanship boars evidence to tho truth of tho high claim. 