Chinese Immigration. The cruzade against Chinese cheap labor is now being vigorously preached throughout the Australasian colonies, and there appears to be in them a unanimous preponderance of opinion in favor of prohibiting Chinese immigration altogether. Popular opinion is one thing, however, and the law is another; while Imperial obligations form a third factor in a by no means easy or pleasant problem to be solved. Let it be granted that the colonies do not wish for the presence of Chinese in their territories, and that they have an indefeasible natural right to exclude them—and the quaestio vexata is still as far from settlement as ever. The law at present allows Chinese to land in each and all of the colonies on payment of certain poll taxes, or on the production of satisfactory certificates that the incoming Mongolians have already paid poll tax to, or resided in, the particular colony which they desire to re- enter—or are naturalized British subjects. In the last mentioned case we presume that there is no possible lawful means of preventing a Chinaman from landing in Australia; though there should be no difficulty in detaining him until the authenticity of his naturalization papers has been proved; and with regard to exemption papers, the same will hold good until existing statutes are repealed or amended. There is, of course, a good deal of fraudulence and impersonation with regard to such papers ; but as the owners of the steamers which bring Chinese to Australia now insist upon a poll tax deposit from each Chinese passenger, and are willing to pay it over at once when demur is made— there is obviously no lawful ground for breaking faith with them, and putting them and their Asiatic live freight to delay, expense, and inconvenience, by arbitrarily refusing the latter permission to land. The Govern ment of South Australia set those of the other colonies the example of arbitraiy and illegal action, by proclaiming — without Parliamentary authority, and in fact, in defiance of recent Parliamentary decision — a Chinese Poll Tax in the Northern Territory. The excuse was — the imminence of a Chinese invasion of the Territory gold and Central Australian ruby (or garnet) fields. This invasion has not taken place, and we are not aware that occasion has yet arisen for testing the validity of the proclamation. The latest development of the Chinese immigration question in South Australia is the arrival of the Menmuir at Port Adelaide with some Chinese on board. It is not clear that they wished to land ; but the Cabinet met in solemn conclave to consider the situation; the Crown Solicitor came to the rescue with a legal quibble, and it was decided that, as the Menmuir's Chinese had not paid poll tax before the vessel's Customs entries were passed, it could be refused afterwards, and permission to land, on any terms, be refused. So far legal, apparently ; but to meet possible emergencies it was resolved that any future Chinese immigrants should be excluded by a flagrant violation of the spirit and meaning of the Quarantine Act—by straining the powers it gives—for sanitary ends solely—to their utmost limit in order to neutralise the provisions of the Poll Tax Act. That is to say, the Ministry propose to keep a vessel containing Chinese in quarantine, until the Chinese themselves beg to be sent home, or until Parliament can pass an Act for their legal exclusion. In Melbourne and Sydney, the same tactics are being pursued. The Victorian Government have carried their point, so far, and will probably have to stand sundry actions at law for illegal detention. The immigrants by the Burrumbeet have been coercively persuaded that they ought to go back to China, and have consented to be reshipped. Other detenus at Melbourne are moving legally for their enlargement i and|the Chinese ot Melbourne and Ballarat are holding meetings- and resolving to uphold the rights of their countrymen to fair and lawful treatment At Sydney, where the Anti Chinese agitation is at fever heat, Sir Henry Parkes at first gave way to popular clamour, so far as to promise that the Afghan's and Tsinau's Chinese should not be allowed to land ; but he now apparently finds that he has promised more than he can lawfully perform. In New Zealand the Ministry face the situation in a straight-forward way, and regretfully declare that they have no lawful power to prohibit the landing of Chinese—though they promise to introduce a practically p^o hibitive measure, raising the poll tax to j£ioo. Even Tasmania is suffering from Chinese immigration on the brain, and is watching carefully lest a Mongolian cabbage-grower or two should sneak into that island Eden. It is difficult to understand how and why all this agitation has arisen, and why the colonies cannot proceed to carry out their wishes in a lawful and regular manner. They can, by act of Parliament, raise the poll tax to a prohibitive amount—even if they cannot, consistently with Imperial obligations and treaties, legislate directly for Chinese exclusion. Chinese have been coming to Australia for years, and are not coming any faster or thicker than before, nor has the number of Chinese in Australia attained an alarming percentage in proportion to European population. In fact, as Sir Hemy Parkes pointed out the other day, the percentage of Chinese to gross population in New South Wales (where the Anti-Chinese feeling runs highest) has decreased 30 per cent during the last quarter century. On the Australian continent, New Zealand, and Tasmania, altogether, there are now only 54,150 Chinese against 3,500,000 Europeans—a percentage of about 1 ^ on the gross population. China has remonstrated with the Imperial Government already with regard to existing restrictions and penalties imposed on Chinese immigrants to Australia; the colonies have been asked by the Home authorities to make definite replies^ New South Wales and Victoria nave done so ; South Australia has yet deferred answering, and in the meantime the question has attracted so much attention in England, that the Tunes has thought it necessary to advise the colonies to come to a mutual understanding and give a united reply. Some Sydney demagogues are now talking wildly of " separation," as a means of cutting the Gordian knot of Imperial obligations and colonial rights; but this absurdity has been promptly snubbed; and now public interest centres in the Americo-Chinese Treaty concluded in 1880, by which the exclusion of "Chinese laborers" from the United States was secured for 20 years. There were some reservations—a Chinese resident in the States, who may go back to China, is entitled to return to the States within one year of his departure, provided that, before he left for China, he deposited with the States authorities satisfactory proof that he was leaving a wife, child, or father, or debts or property worth .£200, behind him. In return for the stoppage of immigration, the United States agreed to give its Chinese residents all the rights of person and property protection accorded to " the most favored nation"—except the right of naturalization; and also agreed to pay .£55,000 compensation for the injuries and damage done to Chinese by lawless citizens in the Anti-Chinese riots and massacres of the Western States. At the same time Chinese laborers were to be allowed free transit (in bond?) over United States territory, and the exclusion clause was not to apply to Chinese " officials, teachers, students, merchants, or travellers." It is not likely that China would conclude a similar treaty with England, without the same solatium in dollars—except under the strongest pressure, and that England would not be justified in bringing to bear. Nor, on the other hand, would such a treaty satisfy the Australian colonies, since the exclusion definition is not nearly strict enough to meet their wishes, as the competition of Chinese merchants and dealers is one of the prevailing Australian complaints ; and it would indeed be difficult to settle whether an immigrant were " laborer," or a merchant, student, or " traveller for curiosity or pleasure." Then again, if under such a treaty Chinese merchants, clerks, and travellers were excluded from Australia, China would in all probability insist on the exclusion of such classes of Englishmen from Chinese ports and territories. If Australia is determined to exclude Chinese, the best and most practicable means to attain that end, appear to us to be legislation by the colonies in concert, for fixing the poll tax at a prohibitive figure, prohibiting the issue of mining licences to Chinese, withdrawing the right of naturalization and slopping the issue of exemption papers to Chinese who return home for a season. To meet the cases of Queeusland and the Northern Territory, where coolie labor is required, special provision might be made for its importation under similar restrictions to those in the Mauritius, Demerara, and Trinidad. PUBLIC MEETING.—A public meeting, called for the purpose of considering the Barrier railway traffic qasetioh, wiB be held in the Port Augusta Council Chamber on Tuesday evening next. The/Mfyora of Port Augusta and Davenport; by advertisement elsewhere, Specially invite the attendance of ratepayers and residents. THE GLASGOW.—This vessel computed her loading at Dann's jetty on Wednesday, taking in 15,053 bagf containining 62,329 bushels of wheat, in fifteen days. On Wednesday evening she took in her water at the wharf and went out to the stream moorings, leaving in tow of the Adelaide this morning. Her genial skipper, Captain Singer, and hie musical middies, will not soon be forgotten, and he carrieB a freight of good wishes for fine weather and a quick passage home. THE DUNDALE.—This Bhip which came in on April 16, was loaded with wheat by Gave & Co., and completed her cargo on May 8, taking 16,461 bags, containing 67,470 bushelB of wheat, for the United Kingdom. On Thursday morning she Was towed some little distance down the Btream by the Adelaide, and to-morrow morning will probably start on her voyage for England. Her master, Captain Trevena, has made himself qnite a popular favorite in Port Augusta, and leaves many friends wishing him bon voyage. PBINCE ALFBED SX. & C.M. COMPANY. —Captain T. Rosewall, late of the Burra, having been appointed Manager of this mine, reports under date May 3 :—'Having commenced operations on the property. I have shaft sunk 8 feet on lode and eaine timbered to that depth. I have also let contract for sinking shaft 40 feet at reasonable figure, and am commencing to teat lode from gully by driving at intervals on its course, this will give me a saving of sinbiag about 80 feet. Two men are employed cutting down hangiig wall of shaft to drive on lode, and two men are cutting timber for shaft, plant, &c.;, to hand and in position ; I will li&ve; things in full working order during coming week and trust then to report more fally of the property. INSTITUTE COMMITTEE. — The usual monthly meeting of the Port Angusta Institute Committee was held on Tuesday evening last Present: Rev. R. Mitchell (President), Messrs A. E. Smith and F. Clarke. The finance report, showing receipts for April at £17 os. 4d.; expenditure, £9 2s.; and Bank overdraft at £300 4s. 7d. was adopted. It waB announced that a rebate of £1 7s. bail been made by the Institute's bank on the interest charge for the half year (£12 4B.) The minnteB of a previous special meeting (at which an offer from the Sisters of St. Joseph, to rent the Institute Hall as a school-room at 10s. per week, had been accepted ander certain necessary conditions) were confirmed. The final closing of this engagement, we understand, IB delayed until the arrival of Dr O'Reilly, the newly consecrated Bishop of Port Augusta, WEATHER.—At last it would seem that the wet season has fairly set, for the present pluvial visitation is obviously not due to temporary electrical disturbances, but has come on in a gradual, steady and business like way. There was not much raiu yesterday, but there was an in termitent spatter of drops all day long, and this morning the East side gauge registered -llin., and the West Side -14in. It is still dropping, and there is every prospect of a moist time for some days. Last week's fall was heavier in the vicinity of Port Augusta than anywhere else, but tailed off inland to north, north-west, and west. At Coralbignin we are informed that the record was only *llin., and that the country is still very dry. From the North-weBt information is to hand ef a fall of -2in. at Arcoona, but notwithstanding the dryness of tbe season a high lambing per centage is expected. This morning's weather wires announce the following falls :—Farina, -155; Streaky Bay, 1*08 ; Port Lincoln, -85 ; Franklin Harbor, «19in. COPPER MINING.—Notwithstanding the heavy fall in tin, and the reported collapse ot tbe French " metal ring", tbe copper market still keeps up, and though prices will probably recede Boinewhat before long, yet there are no indications of a probable return to the exceedingly low prices which ruled until the last fe months. Hence there is no reason apparent why prospecting and mining for copper in the North should suffer discouragement—and they certainly have not eo suffered up to date. The Register's Hawker correspondent states that he has visited a discovery on tbe Warcowie run, where two claims have been taken up on the line of two reefs from 2ft. to 4ft. thick, with copper and good grey ore showing throughout. We have also seen some very nice specimens, recently obtained by a Port Augustan resident of some mining experience, in the vicinity of Gordon (a district lately visited and mineral lv condemned by an Advertiser " special, who could find no traces of copper there abouts). The specimens we have seen are of ironstained quartz, showing very nice looking grey ore, green carbonates, and native topper. More will probably be heard of this discovery before long. THE UNRULY MARINER.—There must be something peculiarly fascinating to tbe hardy tar in the climate, the scenery, or the people of Port Augusta; for rarely indeed does a ship leave onr port without some desertions having taken place, or some attempt being made on the point of her departure to break articles or disgust the skipper to the discharging point The genial master of the Glasgow, one would imagine, might have been expected to stand BB good a chance of escaping such troubles as anyone could ; but in spite of his considera tion and forbearance, his vessel has not escaped tbe Port Augusta nautical epidemic. On Wednesday one of his hands, Martin Strauch, who had previously been sent up for 14 days for disobedience, was similarly sentenced for a renewal of the offence by the Police Court; bnt __ the Glasgow left this morning be was bronght down from the Greenbnsh to be put on board the vessel. He was hand cuffed, in custody, and in a cart; but on passing by Kauffman & Co.'s store he suddenly jumped out, ruBhed to the plate- glass window, and dashed his hands through it, completely shattering the large, massive, (and expensive) pane, and also severely injuring his hands. Dr Markham was summoned to dress the injuries, and Strauch, having rendered himself useless as a sailor, received the discharge for which his soul longed, from Captain Singer — being at the time actually, on tbe vessel's debt. He will have tbe further satisfaction of appearing in the Police Court to answer for his last exploit. On the previous day, another of the crew was struck with the brilliant idea that it would be a fine thing to delay the sailing of the fbip, by insisting upon seeing a magistrate in order to lay a complaint. Mr J. Beatton, J.P., was accordingly summoned to the Custom House, and there found that the complaints were of the most trivial nature and referred to two occurrences, one of which took place in the English Channel and the other at Monte Video. The complainant admitted that he had made no effort to ventilate his grievance, either to tbe British Consul at Monte Video, or to any magistrate in South Australia up to date. He was ordered on board, but declined to go, and finally made one in a funny procession of four, which conveyed him, expedibus etcapite, on board. ABCOONA SHEABINQ.—The date. at -whioh shearing will commence on'AriSoona BtatJod'^was recently stated in an. "advertisement-appearing in this journal, as May 9- The North-west is noted for 4ljs • early shearings, but this date is juBt a trifle too early. The ^announcement should have been printed as for August 9, about which date the Arcoona shed will commence operations. TREK PLANTING.—Mr Brown, the Con servatorof Forests, is at present here on an official visit, and has been interviewed by -the Mayors of Port Augusta and Davenport^ and the Chairman of the School Board of Advice, with regard to local tree-pi an ting. Mr Brown has inspected the railway yard and the gaol reserve, with a view to planting, the Premier's instructions being that the latter is to be fenced iu and the trees'planted by prison labor; though as none is available there at present,the proposal does not seem practicable, especial] iy considering that there is no time to be lost if the present favorable Beason iB to be utilised. Mr Brown will supply trees for planting the Hospital road, if the Davenport Corporation will supply t})e labor and tree guards ; and he also offers, for cost of carriage, any quantity of empty cement barrels from Beetaloo, to serve as tree gtiards. POBT AUGUSTA WEST COBPOBATION.— The Town Council of Port Augusta West met on Wednesday,- May 9. Present— The Mayor (Mr J. F. Phillips), Councillors Bryant, Bothwell, Stuart, Richardson, and White. The Tow^j Clerk had nothing to report since last meeting. Tbe following resolutions were paBBed :—That the Town Clerk wi ite to the Commissioner of Crown Lands with regard to the reserve in London-road, which had been previously promised to the Corporation ; that as soon as the reserve was granted to the Corporation, tenders be called for th erection of an office and the supply of the necessary furniture for same; that during the winter months the meetings of the Council be held at 7 p.m. instead of 8 p.ui. The Council then adjourn d and sat as a Board of Health. The health rules and regulations were read and adopted. The Board then adjourned. LACROSSE.—The 30 crosses lately wired for from Melbourne have arrived, and a Bound, well selected lot, they are made of good hickory and well strung; after paying duty, freight, &c.;, they will cost players 8s. 3d. each, which is the lowest price that croBses have been purchased at in thiB colony. Thoee players who have ordered, will kindly aocept thiB invitation and call on Mr Wainwright after office hours to select their crosses, as a draft has to be sent to tbe gentlemen who kindly selected on behalf of the Club. On Saturday preliminary practice will take place, starting at 2.30 p.m., to learn the rudiments and full match practices will soon be played. The game promises to take well here, as already it is found that another order for croBBes must be seat, and it is quite possible that 2 doz. more will be required. As an instance of the enthusiasm of Lacrossites, it may be stated that a letter has been already received here from the Secretary to the Association, promising to try and arrange an excursion for one of the Town Clubs, about tbe Queen's Birthday, to play a match here, if -convenient. Matters may be arranged for a visit later on, when our local men have had time to attain some skill at the game. OVER THE SOUND ON FOOT.—Danish papets report that during the recent very cold woatber some fishermen, starting from Faarbak, a few miles north of Copenhagen, crossed the ice to give assistance to the steamer Axcelhuus, which was frozen fast about a mile and a half from the coast. There tboy met some Swedes who bad come on foot over tbe ice from Landscrona on tbe opposite side of the Sound, It would liavn therefore been quite possible for either relief party to pursue their journey, and crossing the Sound, travel on foot from Denmark to Sweden. PBINCE BISMARCK'S BIRTHDAY GREET- INGS.—Prince Bismarck received on his birthday, tho first of April, more than 700 congratulatory telegrams and about 1,200 letters. -Among others who remembered tbe day were the Prince of Wale^, the King of Italy, the Sultan, and in fact nearly all the sovereigns and statesmen of Europe. The number of presents received is also immense. One which gave him special pleasure was a walking stick, copy of that used by Frederick the Great, the original of wbich may be seen in tbe hand of the wax figure of the great King in the Hohenzollern Museum in Berlin. The stick, which iB an exact reproduction of the original, was presented to the Chancellor by the British Consul-General Baron Bleichrdiler. Kaiserin Augusta and the Crown Princess of Sweden sent autograph letters, and choice exotics and other flowers flowed in in profusion. The speech delivered by the Crown Prince at Prince Bismarck's birthday dinner-party contained the following passage :—Allow me on an occasion so edifying as the pre sent, to make use of a simile which pictures the Empire in its political and social situations; in its internal and external relations at the present moment. The Empire is like an army corps which has lost its general in command in the campaign, and its next officer in rank is lying severely wounded on his bed. At this critical moment forty-six millions of true German hearts turn in anxiety and hope to the standard and its bearer, from whom all is expected, but the bearer of this standard is our illustrious Prince—oar Great Chancellor. Let him lead us! will follow him. Long may he live ! THE RECENT ATTACK ON SUAKIN.—A correspondent of the Times sends a de scription of this attack, which took place on Sunday, March 4, in wbich he says " It was generally anticipated that an attack in force would be made on Sunday, for this day is considered fortunate by the Soudanese. Many of the engagements in the Soudan campaigns were fought on a Sunday, including the well-remembered action at M'Neill's zareba. Berber, Kassala, and Khartoum all fell to the rebels on a Sunday. All the movements were plainly visible, and every incident was witnessed by tbe residents from the housetops, and the scene was very exciting. There were English ladies closely watching the battle from the balconies. Such a sight has rarely been seen. It was a lovely spring day : all within Suakin seemed unusually quiet; the church bells of her Majesty's ships were ringing in the midst of the roar of guns. The disposition of the troops seems to have been carefully arranged, but there is no denying the courage and pluck of the enemy were infinitely greater. The charge of the Baggara horsemen, armed with immense spears was as furious as any of the despeiate rushes in the Soudan campaign and the Egyptian troops gave way before it. By noon the battle was over, and the enemy retired to their encampments and the horsemen to Handoub. The firing, however, continued all day until sunset,' but ours failed to dislodge them from Fort Hudson. Mahomed Fai, a relative of Osman Digna, and one of their bravest leadtre, was killed early in the fight, and his horse captured. On news of his death reaching Handoub, there was intense excitement, and Osman Digna, with some ",500 men, >tarted to revenge him. The terrible losses his followers had suffered apparently frightened him, and he returned to Handoub.'* The Brisbane larrikins looted some Chinese shops last Saturday night, and smashed windows of more. Five arrests. 