BRITISH AND FOREIGN MEMS. Bismarck was 73 yearn old April lat. Madame Alboni, the greatest of contraltos, has just reached her sixty-third year. The number of ladies who seek degrees at the London University steadily increases. _ On April 4 about 2000 pilgrims left Vienna for Rome in connection with the Pope's jubilee. Manhood suffrage has been adopted in the Dominion of Canada, a bill conferring it having passed on March 17. Dr. Emile G. Tiesel, the Arctic explorer of the Polaris Expedition, died at Baltimore on April 3. The Chicago City Government has given to a syndicate a cable franchise covering over two-thirdB of the city. Emperor Frederick's first treatment by maesage left him badly fatigued. The physicians forbid open-air exercise. New diamond mines have been discovered in South Africa, which, it is claimed, surpass all previous discoveries in richness. Lawyer Marsh lectured on spiritualism in New York, and defended Madame Diss de Bar, the woman who swindled him. Norway has a battalion of armed skaters, who manoeuvre readily on the ice or snow. Their skate3 are 6in. wide and 9in. long. A special despatch, dated April 7, from Monte Video, reports the loss of the steamer Rio Janeiro, with 120 passengers aboard. The coronation of Emperor Frederick and Empress Victoria as King andQueen of Prussia, is expected to occur at Koenigaburg in June. The Papal authorities, after hearing the views of Cardinal Gibbons, of Baltimore, have decided not to condemn Henry George's books. In Westminster County Court lately a daughter obtained damages to the amount of .£250 from her father for having slandered her. Increased opportunities for self- education have been mide available in St. Petersburg by the opening there of the " first free reading room in the city." The British military force now numbers 211,000 regulars, 141,000 .militia, 13,000 yeomanry cavalry, and 230,000 volunteers, in all nearly 600,000 men. The venerable ex-editor and one of the founders of the Republican party, David N., familiarly known as " Deacon " White, died at Pittsburg (U.S.), aged 84. Mr. James E. Thorold Rogers, M.A, Worcester College, is to be Professor of Political Economy at Oxford University in succession to the late Professor Bonamy Price. At Buda Pesth a man attempted to commit suicide at the age of 84, because he was no longer able to keep his father and mother, of the respective ages of 115 and 110 years. During the hearing of a police case in London it was stated that men import Italian children into England, send them round with musical instruments, and live by their earn- •ings. The name of Lincoln is a power with coloured people of South Carolina. The , coloured Republican managers want the vote of the State cast for Robert Lincoln for President. Hatred of the Jews is unabated in Russia. The recommendation of the Imperial Commission to permit Jews to dwell in any village of Russia has been rejected by the Govern' ment. It is proposed to construct a tunnel between the Mall of Cantire and the coast of Antrim. Engineers have surveyed the line, and estimate the cost at .£8,000,000, or about ^1,000,000 per nautical mile. The shortage of Treasurer Tate of Kentucky is stated now to be 204,000dol. The auditor failed to count the money monthly, as the statute requires, and the bondsmen, therefore, cannot be held liable. Lord North, whose eldest son has joined the numerous army of noble tradesmen, is a lineal descendant of the Lord North who was Prime Minister of England duriug the greater part of onr Revolutionary War. A sum exceeding £1600 has been collected with the object of setting up a liie- size statue of the late Mr. W. E. Forstfer. It is intended to place the statue on theThamesEmbankment, facing the School Board offices. Eight tons of coal were burned in the royal grates at the last Queen's reception, and the Pall Mall Gazette says that the Queen was terribly angry when she heard of the sinful extravagance of her servants. Jacob Sharp, the millionaire and alderman of New York, and principal figure among the offici-1 bribe-givers and bribe- takers in that city, for which offence he was undergoing imprisonment, died on April 5. Chief Jastice Waite owned the 24,000do1. house he lived in, but left little property be- . hind. Thomaa Wayte, M.P., Chief Justice "Waite's immigrant ancestor to America) signed the death warrant of King Charles. Messieurs Fremy and Verneuil have just informed the French Academy of Sciences that they have succeeded thoroughly in producing real rubies by artificial means. They began their experiments about a year ago. Mr. Eugene L. Spotts left New York on March 22, en route for Australia. He announces thbt he has found a disease fatal in alt cases to rabbits, but does not cause death for days, and cannot JM communicated to human beings. A man wrote a letter to his wife which reflected on a third party. The latter brought an action in the Queen's Bench for libel, but the Judge held that there was no publicity given, "the husband and wife being one in 8 law." Last year the snakes, tigers, panthers, alligators, and poisonous insecis ot India got away with 38,492 people, about 100 of whom were white. These figures are below the average, and the Indian Government is greatly encouraged. After a three weeks' debate in the Canadian House of Commons a proposal in favour of unrestricted reciprocity in trade and reciprocity in coasting with the United States was rejected by 124 votes to 67. The members adjourned singing " God save the Queen." The Indian Budget estimates for 1887-8 show a deficiency of £2,448,000, without counting ,£569,000 spent for special defences. The deficiency is coused mainly by the conversion of stock, and fall in the rate of exchange, and the military expenses in Burmab. The Federated Trades Unions of New Yoik hive issued an appeal to American workmen and all labouring men everywhere to observe Nov. 18 of each year, the day on which the Chicago anarchists were executed, as a memorial anniversary of honour and respect. The German Minister of Public Instruction, it is stated, has ordered that the famous speech which Prince Bismarck delivered in the Reichstag last February shall henceforth have a place in the reading-books used in the higher classes in the Government primary schools. To aid in promoting the interests of the manufacturers, the German railway authorities and shipowners have agreed to remit, the former 50 per cent., the latter 25 per cent, of the freights on all goods consigned to Melbourne for the great Exhibition of this year. A New York despatch says :—" August Garibaldi, a relative of the great Italian, has just secured a divorce from bis wife, Maria. Mrs. Garibaldi is now figuring in Les Angelos as Mrs. Lepano, Imperatrice, and her reputed husband is the musician with whom she ran away." There has been a portentous falling off in the export of ostrich feathers from Africa to Europe. According to a consular report, the average value of the feathers exported from Tripoli has been for some years about £200,000 a year, but last year it was no more than £15,000. The Duke of Sparta, who is shortly to marry a daughter of the Prince of Wales, has been provided with an estate in More worth £3000 a year. He is tall, fresh- complexioned, blueeyed, and well-mannered. The young man has never been free from the supervision of a governor. The freetraders at New York are organising on the call signed by E. Elery Anderson and others. It is stated the Tariff Reform Club proposes forwith to present to the people of the United States the issue on the revision of the tariff as proposed in the message of President Cleveland. The Athenceum hears that the health of M. Taine is far from good. He is suffering from overwork, and his physician has ordered him to suspend his literary labours. His many admirers will hope that he may be enabled, after a period of repose, to resume and finish his " History of the French Revolution." Senator Stanford says there is no truth in the statement made in the New York papers by Madame Diss de Bar, to the effect that he was willing to pay her a large sum of money if she would produce a spirit' portrait for him. " I have no knowledge of her," said the senator, " except that derived from the newspapers." A naptha reservoir is to be constructed in the harbor at Odessa at a cost of 2,500,000 roubles. It will have a projected seawall 1200 yards in extent In this reservoir the oil will be hydraulicly pumped direct from the tank- holds of the specially constructed petroleum vessels running between Odessa and Batoum. The Emperor of Japan, who recently granted liberty of the press all over his dominions, now finds that the papers have taken advantage of his kindness to hold up the Government to hatred, ridicule, and contempt; thereby endangering the throne. So he has issued a ukase to suspend or suppress any journals expressing objectionable sentiments. The tercentenary of the translation of the Bible into Welsh is to be celebrated this year by erecting a memorial to the translator, Bishop Morgan, at St. Asaph, and by establishing a Welsh scholarship for Biblical learning. It is also intended to issue a reprint of Bishop Morgan's Bible, with the revised version in a parallel column. In prospecting for a gas-well .at Leavenworth, Kan., the drill struck a cavity at a depth of 1800ft. and raised more dirt. It has since been discovered that the drill has penetrated a wide underground river which carried away the loose earth. The water is shallow and the drill is now working the sandstone bed of the stream. Jay Gould and James Gordon Bennett are trying to say all the hard things they can remember ever having heard about each other. Gould in an open letter tells the public what he knows about Bennett and the effect wine has on his brain at dinner parties and the Herald says Gould is a fiend, a railroad wrecker, a despoiler of widows and orphans, &c.; To lessen the fatigue of visitors to the International Exhibition'to be held in Paris next year, M. Eugene Henard has suggested the use of an endless train or moving platform. His idea is to have the platform on the ground level, and to let it travel slowly, so that any one can step on or off without the train being stopped. It is proposed to work the train by electricity. A new settlement will shortly be established in the Cape colony. It will consist of a number of selected families taken from one of the southern counties in England. The first party is expected to leave in June next. The settlement will be called " Tennyson," after the Po9t Laureate, who for many years pas' has taken great interest in South Africa and other British colonies. The impressment into the French army of John Franchier, a naturalised citizen of the United States, will probably be the means of the United StateB and French Governments reaching a correct understanding of the rights of a naturalised citizen when revisiting his native country. Franchier is a citizen of Nevada, and Senator Stewart has interested himself in securing his release from service in tbe French army. Numerous telegrams from Mentor, Ohio, and neighbourhood, announce a forthcoming double wedding that is likely to attract a good deal of attention. Miss Mollie Garfield, doughter of the late President Garfiield, is shortly to be married to J. Stanley Brown, while her brother Harry on the same day is to espouse Miss Belle Mason, daughter of the HOD. James Mason, for many years counsel for the Lake Shore Railroad. The French School at Athens, having obtained permission from the Greek Government to make excavations in Amorgos, have already commenced operations, and their labours have been so far crowned by the discovery of the steps of some ancient public building which cannot yet be definitely specified. A pretty long inscription has also heen found in tbe same place, the contents of which have not yet been made public. A very interesting series of letters on the operations of the French Copper Syndicate has recently been published by a French paper. The upshot of the matter is, that the syndicate must break down because of the stimulus given to new production by high prices. The productive power of American mines is practically unlimited, and this industry has only hung fire of late years owing to the comparatively limited demand for copper. Some years ago Mrs. Schliemann offered to make excavations near the Botanical Gardens at Athens in search of the remains of the Academy of Plato. The project, however, was never executed. Within the last few weeks the ancient road leading from Athens to the Academy has been discovered during some excavations made near the silk factory. Although not paved, the road is well preserved, presents a hard surface, and is quite intact. It is being laid bare on both sides. Besides a great quantity of German spirit imported into Spain for adulterating the wines of that country, it appears that Sweden is rivalling Germany in this discreditable trade. At the port of Malaga, out of a total of 276,000 gallons of alcohol landed in the first half of the year, only 124,000 gallons came from Germany, while 152,000 came from Sweden. In 1885 and 1886 Germany exported 87 per cent, of the whole quantity imported, but in 1887 Sweden made great headway at the cost of Germany. At the corner of the Boulevard Pereire and the Rue Verniquet, Paris, it is proposed to erect a statue of Alphonse de Neuville. At New York it ,is intended to erect a colossal monument to the late President Grant. A competition open to sculptors of all countries, will enable the committee to select a design, the execution of which is to cost half a million of dollars. Competing designs will be received until the 1st of November next. Five selected designs, to the author of one of which the commission will be entrusted, will receive indemnities of various sums from 200 to 1500 dollars. The proverb anent "the ill wind which blows nobody any good " is receiving a fresh illustration in the recent hitch in the commercial relations between France and Italy, from which it is probable that England will reap a decided benefit. A cheap and fast communication by way of Spain tor trade between Eagland and Italy is to be opened up under the auspices of the Spanish Government on the principle that, by helping England and Italy to deal more easily with each other, an indirect gain will result to Spain. By the new communication Italian goods will reach Barcelona in 24 hours, Bilbao in 44 hours, England three days later—in all, six days from Genoa to Southampton. The " Standard of Joan of Arc" will be unfurled in Rouen one of these days at the inauguration of the monument which the citizens are about to erect to the memory of La Pucelle. The relic referred to is preserved in the Museum of Orleans, was presented to that town by Francis I., and derives its name from the fact that four fragments of the banner which the maid of Orleans actually bore were worked into the stuff of which the banner is composed. The designer was Leonardo da Vinci, and the flag is justly regarded as a beautiful piece of work. The Marquis d'Hierville, who is a lineal descendant of the Governor of Vancouleurs in Joan's time, possesses one or two pieces of the armour which she wore, and has offered to lend them for the ceremonial at Rouen. The criminal statistics of Texas show an average of over 500 murders and homicides a year in. a population of not much over 2,000,000, This iB much more than five times the criminal percentage of Italy. Murder is not, however, the only crime which is common. Train robberies, in which the entire train is taken possession of by armed men, who bring it to a standstill and then plunder the passengers and mails, were frequent last year. There were five or six, in which the plunder obtained ranged from 30,000dol. to 200,000doL ' In only one case were the robbers punished, and in this single instance they were not arrested and tried, but shot by the guard in fragranle deKcto. There are no police, or next to none ; and not only is there laxity in enforcing the law, but the laws themselves are inefficient, " enabling anyone who haB enough money to fee lawyers to get clear of punishment, unless lynched." An ancient Japanese coat of mail has recently been unearthed in the vicinity of Victoria, British Columbia. Some workmen engaged in digging a well came upon this interesting relic four feet below the surface. It is a complete piece of chain armour, sonBisting of thousands of links of diminutive iron rings the diameter of a common pencil. When worn, the coat covered the breast, back, and right side, leaving the left side, where it was fastened, to be protected by the shield. The right sleeve extended to the elbow. From the neck to the end of the skirt the length is 20£in. In the side of the coat below the arm is a gash 2in. long,,resembling a cut from a heavy weapon, which has been repaired by what appears to be a piece of native silver. Such armour was made by the Japanese 200 or 300 years ago. A few years ago a large number of ancient Japanese coins were found in cairns, or stone graves, in the neighbourhood of Victoria. In France the canine squads drafted for duty with the 35th Line Regiment at Belfort have already been reported efficient. The animals regularly mount guard, and are subjected to daily drill by setting them on to dummv soldiers, but it is specially noted that instead of bearing diverse uniforms, the figures are swathed and accoutred specially to represent German troops, and at whose aspect the dogs are trained to give tongue. When loosed the animals tear down the effigies, and comport themselves as if engaged in fight. Their utility in carrying messages has also been so far approved that the Foot Chasseurs and other infantry corps on the frontiers have been ordered to be reinforced with similar "dog companies." The French military authorities seem to have favoured the selection of the large Danish breeds for training, or animals that can bite as well as bark. The German commanders on the other hand, appear to value the shepherd or coollie strain for their " dogs of war," esteeming sense, silence, and scent of more account than size, and regard the animals chiefly as messengers, watchers, and non- combatants. We clip the following from a Sheffield paper:—"A writer, I think in Chambers' Journal, says 'It is a curious fact that so many dwellings, once the houses of poets, should have been publichouses at one time or another. Burns's native cottage was a house of this description; the house in which Moore was born was a whisky shop, and Shelley's house at Great Marlow a beershop. Even Coleridge's residence at Nether Stowey, the very house in which the poet composed his sweet 'Ode to the Nightingale,' became an ordinary beerhouse. A house in which James Montgomery lived for 40 years at Sheffield was a beershop ; and the birthplace of Kirke White is now a house for retailing intoxicating beverages.' After this I should not be surprised if Tennyson wrote Enoch Arden at the King's Head, in Change Alley; and Gilbert and Sullivan their last opera at the Dove and Rainbow, in the Hartshead. Anyhow, heretical as it stands to the total abstainer, England owes its Protestant supremacy—its religious liberty, in fact—to a publichouse, for the Revolution House, at the period of the revolution, was an inn, and the plotters schemed over pint tankards of Derbyshire J ale." France (says Industries) is becoming more and more a beer-producing country. A great advance has been made in this direction in the course of the last five years especially. There has been a steady increase in the consumption of beet throughout the last decade, but since 1884, when the imports reached their highest value, there has been a rapid decline in the quantities of beer purchased abroad. The diminionhas taken place chiefly in the trade with Germany, and may be due in part to political antipathies ; but other countries, except England, have also suffered. At the same time the exports on French beer have constantly increased. The value of the beer imports in the first 11 months of the year which amounted to £711,720 in 1884, dropped' to £670,760 in 1885, to £592,440 in 1886, and to £447,880 in 1887. The exports increased in value from £52,680 in 1885 to £57,200 in 1886, and to £59,820 in 1887. The imports of foreign beer into France in the first 11 months of 1887 amounted to 4,786,628 gallons. Of this quantity 3,819,552 gallons entered from Germany, 396,000 gallons from England 42,240 gallons from Austria, and 628,836 gallons from other countries. A SPECIAL INVITATION.—We especially invite a trial by all those sufferers from kidney and liver complaints who have failed to obtain relief from other remedies and from doctors Nature's great remedy, Dr. BELL'S BITTBBS' has effected cures in many obstinate cases. It acts at once on the kidneys, liver, and bowels, cleansing the system of all poisonous humors and restoring a healthy condition to those important organs. Do not be discouraged, bat toy it, 