Town Talk. PiHZJuast is farther prorogued by pro elMmitcoa In.a:" Government Gazette Extra ordiaaiy,",until 21st February. - Tide second sitting of the Civil Service Cttft misson' was held at the Parliamentary Build ings bn^Tnesdar. All the undoe wfcretaries weto pWBeat. * .' The Government has deotdcd to proclaim the 26th instant a public holiday, being the day set" apart for celebrating the anniversary of the foundation of Australia. "VVk are informed that at the weekly board I meeting of the Queensland DepositBank, on January A«* the balanoe of the share* of n ' fisup."(12,278) were allotted. TjreRailway Department has accepted the 1 teAder of Kuℓ and Radford at £814 for the erection of goods-sheds at Jimboomba, Cedar I Grove, Veresdale, and Beandesert. It is rumoured that Mr. J. E. Burstall, a draftsman in the Lands Department, will be appointed to the position of ofhoer in charge of ' the pastoral occupation branch, in the room, of Mr. C. C. .Carter, who recentlj resigned. Thb Immigration Agent and his ataff are en gaged-in forwarding supplies and other neces saries toPeel Island, in order to make the Bulimba immigrants as comfortable as possible oortheinarrrral at the quarantine station. The contractor having, applied for an ex ten siqn of-time for the construction of the railway bridge over the North Pine, it is probable that thei line tq" Cabooltnre will not be open for traffir/untilthe middle or end of next month. .. The commissioners for the Qneensland court at^the forthcoming Melbourne Exhibition are receiving • a large number of applications for apace for exhibits ,of colonial products. They will iaolndc^Bamplet) of rum, sugar, and wir ~~ . The border Customs officer at Texas reports, "under date January. 1, that the country is in splendid condition, and the stock is pioking up fast. .- The tobacco crop is looking very well, and-the returns promise to be very good fh'« year.-'; The Municipal Council has received a letter frbra .the Lands Department, intimating that tho,'department is unable to comply with the connmTs request to give them a deed of grant for ffiatr portion of find known as the old gaol reserve'at" Petrie terrace set apart for public purposes^ •*'' It is rumonrolthat the Government con temptete^^sppqiztting, /jMzv ; James Clinton Higginsoh^ as railway* arbitrator. " Mr. Hig ginson was aj«ttner in. the firm of Messrs. K. Newton ami' Co.", stock and station agents, Brisbane, and _was. formerly, engaged in pas tbnl pursuits." ~ T&z;'opening of the railway from Brisbane to Cabooltnre—32 miles in length—is now only awaiting^the completion of the Pine River bridge. It is expected that this bridge will be ready abopt thV end of this month, it is therefore probable that the line will be opened foctaritioHbout the 1st of next month. The first number Of the Mackay Banner is to hand^-a ax page paper, containing a very good selection of news ana other reading matter, and —for a new paper—a fair proportion of ad vertisement*. It is to be conducted on the free and- independent principle, and if it manage to'.keep'.on that track it will do better than many of its predecessors. Thb Railway Department has received a cablegram from London advising the shipment per Waroonga of 500 tens of steel plates for the construction of steel sleepers. The depart * m^nthas aecej-ted the tender of H. Rowland at. £2,220 /or the erection of seven porters' cottages, and eight gatekeepers' cottages on the South'Coast Railway. The Colonial Secretary on Wednesday received a telegram from Croydon intimating that eight cases of diphtheria had broken out there since the8th instant, 'lhree deaths from the com plaint. have been reported. The Colonial Secretary is taking steps to extend the pro visions of. the*Health Act to Croydon to' provide for the enforcement of sanitary requirements. The Custom? officer at Dungeness report* tinder, date January 10 that four blacks were picked up on Qinchinbrook Island belonging to" a fishing station at Xorth Palm, wbc reported, the loss of their boat and that thej swam all Saturday night. No white man wai in. the boat. He had instructed a man tc proceed to Palm Island to make inquiries intc the matter. The bcrder Customs officer nt Hebel report/ for the month ending December 31 that tin food for stock is splendid • in his district owing to the rains which fell late in November and ii the early part of December. During tin month 3/98 inches of rain fell, making 20-6' inches for( the year. The collections amountec to'£33 6s. 2d. About 9S miles were patrollec by the second officer and 10C iniica by th< senior officer. A deputation from the Bulimba Divisional Board waited on the Under-Secretary for Mine/ and'Works last week, and asked that in view of the changes in the oonstitotion of the divi sion, the elections for members of the board 1* postponed until July, in order to aToid tb necensity for holding two elections. Mr Dejghton* intimated that the board would h:«v< to'pass'a*resolution on the subject, and forwan it to the Minister for consideration. The Premier, accompanied bv his ride/, daughter , arid Mr. J. L. WodJoek, prinit secretary, left in the Glanwortb on Saturda' afternoon for Sydney, whence he at \ t veil on Men day.. . He ..went thence to Mdb-cimc b express train in order to arrive there in time t caieh'.. the steamer leaving for on a the 12ih." Among those. a^mhU l at ifc Brisbane wharf to with theIVcrr.ter lr„, vw.q were th«; Postrnai.ter-General, the Coioniu Secrcteiy,; MVmts. Sheridan and M'Master MM.L.A., and Colonel French, Ok New Year's morning* In the course of the serrioe In Holy Trinity unurch, tfa&ty;, the Rev. A. Edwards annoattced . ti&l; he had tendered his resignation to his lcrdship Bishop Stanton. His te&eob; tor this oour&e; was that he found that to spite of the efforts he made to oator oh the church he did not succeed. - Many of his parishioners, who disagreed with him in small matters, let their dissatisfaction with the oourse he pursued influence them as church* men with the result that his mihistfatiobfc failed of their effeot,—Hfocfoty Tzzsbb was on vie# Ufc tho shop of Mr. Savage* Geot^o street, a masonic apron over 100 yeato old. This will be of consider able interest to masons, as it originally be longed to the poet Burns, and differs' from the apron of the present day in that the emblems on it are illuminated in gold and colours. When new the apron must hare been very handsome indeed, but we are sorr^r to say it has been considerably damaged. It is quite evident that it must have passed into the pos session of someone who did not prize it as much as does its present owner, Mr. Bryce, of the Railway Department. Consequent on the severance of the south I ward from the municipality of Brisbane, there 1 will now be only 10 aldermen required to re- I present the Ave remaining wards. Of these, five aldermen retire by effluxion of time on February 6 next, namely, Alderman Hipwood (Mayor), M'Master, Galloway, Leftwioh, and Itorrester. The election of five aldermen to fill the vacancies will take place on the follow ing day, February 7, and the mayor will be appointed a few days afterwards. Ax amended orphanage regulation will be published in to-day's "Gazette," pro viding that in future wages shall be paid to every child hired out from the orphanage. The wages will depend upon the children's ages, and wifi be as follow: 12 to 13 years. Is 3d. per week; 13 to 14 years, 2s 3d. per week; 14 to 15 year?, 3s. 6d. per week; 15 to 16 years. 4s. 6d. per week. The pence are to be giren to the children as pocket money every week, and the remainder is to he paid into the Govern ment Savings Bank to the credit of the orphan age authorities in trust every quarter. Our XiUxatiq Asylu^cs.—Thefollowtogis the report of the 6tate of the asylums for the week ending January 7, 1868: In the house ntlast report, 435 males, 323 females; sine© ad- f xnitted, 8 males, 2 females; discharged, 1 i femalo; remaining, 443 males, 324 females. J At Ipswich, 118 males;, total 835. Remarks: The medical superintendent acknowledges with I thanks the receipt of parcels of nowspapers I frcm Mrs. Ayscough and Mr. Horsley, Bris bane, for the uso of the patients at Uoodna ; I illustrated papers- from Mr. J. Macfarlane, I H.L.A , newspapers from Mr. Smith,- and I currant cake from Mr* J. Hsllcy, Ipswich, for I the patients at Sandy Gallop. A Walloon correspondent informs us that on Thursday the 5th instant, the parents of the children attending the Walloon reboot and friends of Mr. Sturgess assembled at the school to bid adieu to that gentleman, who has been transferred north, and also to present him with a parse of sovereigns. The dinner was provided by Mrs. Lawaon, of the Royal Oak Hotel, and a very enjoyable and pleasant evening was spent. Mr. Sturgess, since he has lived at Walloon, has made himself ex tremely popular to all, as was evidenced by the good wishes to himself and family expressed by those present A special general meeting of the members of th° above association was held to the Odd fellows* Hall, Chariotto street, on Saturday evening last, for the purpose of -conridertog matters to connection with the dispute between Messrs. Pole, Outridge, and Co. and the society. The president (Mr. E. Hemp) occupied the chair, and there was a large ^attendance of members. The chairman stated in detail the circumstances which had led up to the strike and the steps subsequently taken by the board. After discussion, the action of tho board was unanimously confirmed, and it was decided to leave the future management of the strike to their hands. In view of tho satisfactory con dition of the society's finances, it was not deemed necessary to make a levy at present. Ok Thursday before Christmas an interest tog ceremony took place at St. Paul's school room in connection with the fi«t S.S. Island class, held under the auspices of tho rector, Rev. B. R,Eva. In token of appreciation of their services the islanders presented their teachers with a testimonial. To Miss Brookes, who has for a very considerable period pre sided at the organ, and efficiently, they pre sented & Bible, beautifully bound, also two other nice volumes and a silver pencil case; and to Mr. A. Brown a silver hunting Vatch with his initials engraved thereon. In return thanks for the unlooked-for present/ Mr. Brown said that it would stir them up to ! further efforts in the cause of education as far as lay in their power.—Maryborough Chronicle, January 5. Feodate of the following wills and letters of administration of the following estates were granted during the week ending January 1838: Of Ifenry Moss, cabinetmaker, South Brisbane, £4,536 10s., to Hannah Moss, of South Brisbane, widow,.and Joseph Bobbing ton, of inline place, cabinetmaker; of David Scott, blacksmith, Brisbane, £232 10s. Gd., to William M'Naughton Galloway, of Brisbane, tent and tarpaulin maker; of William Wilson, gentleman, Piltou, £41,056, to William George Wilson, gentleman, Pilton ; of Mary Francis Wecdon, spinster, of Springfield, Oxlcy, £13,000 7s. 3d., to Warren Weedon and Thornhill Wecdon, both of Brisbane, in civil service; of James Dunn, shoemaker, Murphy's Creek, £193 16s. Gd., to Martha Drnrn, of Murphy's Creek, widow. Administration: J-obert Sweats, carpenter, Rosalie, Milton. £3C, to Stone Sweet, widox ; Crwh-ri/.l: George Brion, mariner. Mary borough, under £109, to Amde Elizab.-th Briou, Maryborough ; of GoorgejWilliam P.u btiry, merchant (administration with excerpt of will attached), £328. A iiEPOTATioN from the Anti-Chinese Com mittee, consisting of Mr. John Watson (presi dent) and J. A. Clark (hon. secretary), waited on Saturday last on the Chief Secretary, prior to his departure for Hobart, and pre* eented a copy of the resolntions: passed bV the committee: "(I) That the poll tax on all Chinese should be ihcrt&tea; to £100; (2) that a residential tAk b! not less than £10 be levied on all Chinese resident in Queensland; (3) that no more naturalisation papers be issued to Chinese." Mr. Watson asked that the Premier might discuss the matter with the Premiers of the other colonies. The Premier said the matter required careful consideration; it was one that required concluded action. He hoped to discus# it with the Premiers of Vic toria and New South Wales, and it would most likely be brought up at the Federal Council. A bpeciax meeting of tbo committee of the Booroodabin Ratepayers* Association was held at the divisional office on the 16tli instant, when there were present: Messrs. J. Pierson (in the ohair), Willis, Atchison, Pierie, Gleeson.Rosetta, Down, Hiding, Bell, Hanker, M'Gregor, Sparks, and the secretary. The matters dis cussed were: Public baths, drinking troughs, and sanitary matters generally within the division, and the annual election of members of the board. Satisfactory reports were given as to the prospects of the respective candidates nominated by the association as members of the board, and the rumour that Mr. Down had retired from the candidature of No. 3 was emphatically contradicted. The committee were especially urged to united and persevering action to secure the return of Messrs. Datk, Down, and Pierson. The usual monthly meeting of the Dady Musgrave Dodge was held last week, Mrs. Brentnall presiding. The matron reported that there had been 101 inmutes in the lodge during the month of December, of whom the following particulars were given: General servants 29, housemaids . 9, nurses 6, sick nurses 8, cooks 2, housekeeper 1, kitchenmaid 1, needlework 2, permanent boarders 4, made use of the lodge as a temporary home 28, leaving 12 in the lodge at the end of the month wanting situations in various ways. A sub scription. of 10s. 6d. was receired from Mrs. Crawford; a largo plnm cake from Mrs. Heading; bananas from Mrs. Bland; three bags of fruit and a plum pudding from Mrs. Meanis ; one pound of dates and half a pound of almonds from Mrs. BueheU, and papers from Mrs. Bland, Mrs. Dewis, Mrs. Menrns. and Mr. Horsley. At a meeting of the local branch of the Federated Seamen's Union on tbe5thinstantMr. James Johnston, the president of the society, was presented with a very handsome clock, typical of nautical life, by Mr. W. Atkinson, on behalf of the members. This being the first meeting of the society in the new year, and the commencement of Mr, Johnston's third term of office, the members of the society de termined to mark their appreciation of their president's conduct by presenting. him with a souvenir which would always bring to his mind the relation existing between the society and their principal officer. The dock bears the inscription; "Presented br the members of the Queensland branch of the Federated Seamen's Union of Australasia to James Johnston for the manner in which ho haB performed the jjtiea of president of the society fortheyeare 1886 and 1887," and is signed by the members of the committee, Messrs. G. Casey (vice president), W. Atkinson, J. Bradshaw, W. Jones, and C. Seymour (secretary). O.v Tuesday evening, January 10, the instal lation of the master-elect of the Victoria Lodge, 1,186, E.G., took place in the Masonio Hall, Ahce street. The beautiful ceremony of instal lation was moat ably and impressively performed by Worshipful Bro.Dean, P.M. and D.G J.W The newly-installed master, J. D. Reeve ap^ jwmted the following brethren as officers for the ensuing year: J. G. Granville, S.W. M- Smith, J.W.; A. Timbury, SlTw '"t " w • Ga?> A- Costcllo, S.IX, W. T. Ham J.D.; H. E. Mines, I.G G. >arbrough and W. B. Colbourno, stewards Lff!5n'.i>"ler-JJWor3h,'PfuI -Bro- Dean then delivered the addresses with eloquence and feeling. V> orshipful Bro. Reeve must he con gratulated on the popularity he has achieved in his Masonic career, for when wo say that at least i0 brethren and visitors attended to add .11^? the occasion, we have said enough to establish his popularity. The ceremony over, She brethren then adjourned to thebanquoting room, where one of those well-served banquets lor which Bro. Wbitchouso is so famous awaited them. The usual loyal and Masonic toasts were given and received with enthusiasm. A grand selection of vocal talent was rendered during the evening, Bro. Atkinson presiding at the piano, and the whole affair was worthy of tho lodge and its master. The usnal fortnightly meeting of the On ward B und Lodge, No. is, was held at tho Protcstai.t Alliance Hull, AVoolloongnbbn, on briday evening, the fith instant. Tho il.D.G.M., Bro. O. Melton, assisted by tlm Grand treasurer, Bro. H. W. Fegan, installed riic following as officers for tho ensuing term • Past Master, Bro. E Whitwortl,; Worshipful Master, Bro. J. Allen; Hcputy Master, Bro. E. Wright; Secretary, Bro. G. H. Blocksidge; Treasurer, Bro. J. Johnson : Chaplain, Bro A. Snowden: S. Elder, Bro. J. Shale; J. Elder, Bro. K. Taylor; Inner Guard, Bro. P llcnd rtcksen; Outside Guard, Bro. R. Sliipp. The U.p.G. Master. m responding to a vote of thanks accorded him for his services, congratulated the lodge oil the rapid st tides it is taking J r0orU,,ii'";"! "if 1,ik,lc" of the lodge! also of the hall, very satisfactory, the two hmdrlie1::"''? "\m intirts. Jle a.is also pleased to see that tln-v had been gaming ground in making m.-mV-, tli ur roll now being cnnsiderablv over 100. 1J h i c'v'"'>' and lion,.' '.11 would lievo a very prosperous war. V ,, Lridnn'Ti I 7?;d /™ni,J" of 'he member* vs.. laid on the table for consideration at the next meeting. Ono candidate Wlls illhillt(Hl a, j"^ were proposed for tho neat night of meeting? Mb W. 0. Hodqkinbob, Minister for Mine, • and Works, has received a telegram from Croydon asking him to stand for that electorate r at dhe coming elections. Tho telegram statM that there would boa certainty of success. Mr. Hodgkinson has not yet mado up his mind what constituency he will seek to represent. The Minister for Mines and Works has de cided to make special grants for foiming roads from Cooktown to the Mount Rome tinmmes, ■: and from PalmerTillo to Limestone Creek. .At ' the Minister's suggestion it has been decided not to spend the money until after the wet ' season. A sum of £200 lias a so been granted for a road from Gympio to the Glastonbury diggings. Tsb immigrants by the steamer Bulimba ' were landed on Peel Island on Thursday, the vessel having been piloted from the anchorage thither by tlio steamer Laura. Every provision haa been made for the comfortof thoso in quaran tine. One fresh case of Bickness has incurred since Sunday last. The cargo by the Bulimba is being fumigated, and will bo brought up to Brisbane by the steamer Tcntordon. The Minister for Railways has decided to issue free passeB to representatives of the Press requiring to travel by rail for the purpose of re porting the speeches of candidates at the earn ing elections. The passes will bo available on the Southern and Western, Central, and Northern lines. This concession is a valuable one in the interests of the public, as it will ■ result in the dissemination of more public news than might otherwise have been the ease. The Rot. John M'Connell, late of Footscray, Victoria, who has accepted a call to the Presby terian Church, Wickham terrace, is expected to arrive in Brisbane on the lGth instanL^He will be duly inducted on the following Friday evening, and will assume full ministerial work on the following Sunday. Preparations are being made to givo Mr. M'Connell a cordial, welcome. Ho has already preached before tho congregation, eo that they aro receiving the man of their choice. • Ac tho general meeting of members of tho Scandinavian Glee Club hold on Monday lust the following officers were elected for tho pre* sent year: President, Mr. Vilhelm Larsen; secretaries, Messrs. Ljungberg and Nielsen; treasurer, Mr. S. Petersen; director of music, Mr. Poole; auditors, Messrs. Lind and Hanzen* sen. Tho following elections also took place ; with reference to tho Danish Society Norden I: . President, Mr. Vilhelm Larsen; vice presidents, Messrs. J. Dabl and P. Thomle; . : secretary, Mr. S. Petersen; assistant secretary, Mr. H. Nielsen. . The Royal Humane Society of Australasia is offering a bronze medallion as a prize for pro- - - ficiency in swimming exercises with reference to saving life, and certificates for proficiency in the theoretical knowledge of the art of saving life from drowning. Publio and private schools in Australia are appealed to. Thero is a . guinea subscription in the way, but it will cover competition for both medallion and certi ficate. The prize is to bo given in the month of April each year. For the medallion the teat - is to be made before competent persons, and for the certificate proper paper examinations will beheld. The fee is £1~1b. per school com peting. The paper examination will relate to snake-bite, choking, [sunstroke, bleeding, and. , other casualties. Details of swimming trial can be had on application to tho secretary. The annual examination for State exhibi tions to universities commenced at Brisbane on the 1st December, 1887, and ended on the 9th. The worked papers have been valued, in Syd- . ney, under the direction and supervision of the senate of the Sydney University, by whom also the questions were prepared. Fight can didates presented themselves for examination, and the following three, whose names are given in order of merit, have been recommended by the examine; s as having shown sufficient merit to justify the award of exhibitions—namely, (1.) Austin Douglas Graham, Brisbane Gram mar School; (2.) William Alexander Morrow, Brisbane Grammar School; (3.) John Alexander Cameron, Ipswich Grammar School. One of tho successful candidates—W. A. Morrow was the holder ot a grammar school scholar ship. and was formerly a pupil at the State school, Kelvin Grove road, Brisbane. Tins Border Customs officer at Goondiwindi reports, under date 4th instant, that in tha nonth of December rain was very much re quired, and during tho month occasional showers had fallen, giving 3*75 inches, which had changed the appearance of the pasture. Stock of all kinds was in splendid condition. Five lots of cattle, numbering 2,957, crossed the bridge for New South Wales, ranking a total of 3G,964 cattle and 1,417 horse crossings for tho year. Tho ronds were all in good order and carriers enn take wool down and bring back supplies to tho stores and stations without any delay. Tho M'Jntyro River 1ms been flooded many times lately, owing to tho rains in Now England. The Customs duties re ceived for tho year amounted to £54 17s. od. for goods received from New South ,Wnles, while tho amount received by tho Now South Wales officer from Queensland was £201 lid. Ameetixo of tho EightHours'DcmonHtration Committ*.-c was held on Wednesday at tho Cri terion Hotel. Thero was a large attendance of new delegates, ar.d tho minutes of tho previous meeting wero read and confirmed. Tho baJancc-riicct from 30th March to 2Sth Decem ber was also ro td and adopted. Tho rules, as printed and parsed by the old committee, wero then submitted to tho new committco oud adopted. Tho next business wan tho election of officers for tho carrying out of tho coming demonstration, which resulted as fol lows: President, Mr. C. Lancaster; vieo presidents, Mus-srn. Kttchio ami Russell; tccro t«ry, Mr. W. Daniels; treasurer, Mr. W. GiffVui; trustees, Messrs. Dawson, Underwood, and Hiint. A hearty voto of thanks was accorded to the relirinir "Ulnars. Jt was do oided to hold the next d»Miu»n5.tration at tho Kxhihitton Grcui'D, mu! a sub-committee was aiqrf»'u:<.d to mab: imiuivies. A*» , u,ul u;,;<dat a fMoetif-g. A vn«. also ;:ppoi:rcd to procure a more suitable room for a meeting place, the feeling of the (omniitteo being against holding the meetings in a public house. 