SHIPPING. June The DUKE OF SUTHERLAND, Eastern Steamship Company's s., 'Meal tons, Captain Cox, from London, via ports, with 127 immigrants and a general cargo. The B.I. and Q.A. Company, Limited, managing agents. June 15. GLANWORTH, A.U.R.N. Company's s., 1000 tons, Captain T. L. Johnston, from Sydney 14th June. Passengers Mrs Cunningham, Misses Cunningham, 1'. Stanley, Taylor, thetis tend, Dr. Francis, Messrs. C. Persse, H. ll'1'hei-.on, A. J. U slier, K. AV. Stanley, T. W. Butcher, A. Nurno, Uisliiei-, J. Castner-, Fat mer, Allen, and Illili the steerage. The BI. and (QA. Company, Limited, managing agents. DEPARTURES. June in KONOOWARRA, s., 1000 tons, Captain Gerrit Smith, for Maryborough and Rockhampton. Passengers: Mesdames A. I'. Thomas and -2 children, Charles Gee, H. Durston, E. R. Fuller, li. C. Rice, and J. Church and child. Masters Thomas, Walsh, Dareton, Major Wright, Captain A. P. Thomas, Captain Lipsett, Cadot Burgess, Messrs. R, A. Walsh, 30. Walsh, A. Mills, A. Thomas, H. Tozer, M.L.A., U.M. Hyne, M.L.A., M". Mellor, M.L.A., AV. Smythe, M.L.A., 'J'. A Bromiley, AV. Lane, T. Cook, Charles Geo W. Sheen, J. M'MuUcu, C. J. Woolgar, J. V. Nicoll, V. C. Smith, H. Durston, It. is. DurMoo, C. W. Murray, H. J. Somers, O. C. McDonald, A. K. Haig, C. li". Storrltt, J. liurmell.A. Wilsons, 16. G. Baker, C. S. Edwards, J. G. Trusswill, O. E. Mungomery, A. Unllwcll, E. James, J. L. Rodgers, and 25 in the steerage. Wm. Howard Smith and Sons, Limited, agents. June 16. MARANOA, A.U.S.N. Company's s., 1505 tons, Captain R. Armstrong, for- SydneyandMribounio. Passengers : Mesdames C. J. Campbell, Edwards, Holloway, Hamilton and infant, Willis, Swanson, Smith, W. Bell, W. Fraser, Misses Johnston, Rippox, Jllmmock, Aitken, L. Smith, Scnnian, Dr. Hun thorne, Captains Everill and Boyd, Messrs. Willis, Laing, AV. Bell, English. Whitton, Solberg, AV. Fwter, JL L. Wilson, Howitt, W. AVictans, Williams, M Salmon, M, Irving, C. Dobson, T. S. Hall, D. Rennie, Currie, R. N. Aitchison, AV, Healy, Morgan, L. F. Bernays, Angus, (i. A. IX. Brown, Montera Clark and Solomon, and 70 in the steerage. Tho U.I. and Q.A. Company, Limited, managing agents, ENTERED) INWARDS. June 15-9. O. KONDtO, schooner, 92 tons, Captain C. Bruce, from Nambucca, with timber. Brydon, Jones, and Co., agents. June 15. MAY QUEEN, schooner, 97 tons, Captain P. Dowell, from Tomato, via Marble Island, with a cargo of limestone. June 15.-SNEFltID, Norwegian barque, 581 tons. Captain Carl Ulstrut, from Heston, with a general cargo. A. Shaw and Co., agents. CLEARED. June 15. CHARLES AND ARTHUR, schooner, 170 tons, Captain C. G. Regent, for Melbourne, with 170 tons coke, shipped by Messrs. Brydon, Jones, and Co., agents. IMPORTS. [A special charge made on consignees announce entered in this column.] Duke of Sutherland, s., from London, via ports : 4 crates engines, 1 case cutlery, 200 cases ser, 1 case tablets. 17 cases and 267 trunks boots, 190 cases galvanised iron, 3 cases stationery, 22 cases and 1 bale drugs, 1 cask glassware, 25 quarter- casks brandy, 2 cases lamps. 8 cases chimney pieces, 18 cases 4 casks and 2 packages hardware, 2 casks and 5 packages grates, "80 bales paper, 100 cases wine, I case clothing, 3 cases perfumery, 15 cases bolts and nuts, 4 casks rivets, !) crates and 2 casks galvanised ware, 1 case tools, 160 sheets 8 cases iron, 20 bundles wire, 105 cases bottled beer, 18 cases furniture, 176 rolls wire netting, 1 cask packing, 9 cases drugs, 5 cases perfumery, 1 caseFulUr's earth, 1 case hats, 5 kegs soda, 5 kegs tartaric acid, 2 cases parts, 21 packages pumps, 20 kegs 2 casks and 218 cases nails, 4 cases machines, 1 case music, 171 bundles and 12 casks tubes, 25 loose tubes, 1 cask hams, 1 keg tongues, 3 cases wines, 3 cases and 1 quarter cask whisky, 35 cases and 2 casks bottles, 20 drums oil, 25 cylinders, 12 bed plates, 0 caps, 1 cask and 1 case fittings, 8 channel bars, 0 pairs shops, 300 cases ale, 19 cases machinery, lease blanketing, 2 rolls paper, 1 sol plate, 1 bale twine, 1 bale calico, 3 casks and 1 case brassware, 1 cask brackets, 20 bales sumac, 100 reels, 40 plates, 130 angles, 700 casks cement, 5 cases leather. Ocasos pap r, 25 cases springs, 75 cases telegraph- material, 1 case clothing, 1 case brushes, 1 case hand vicars, 1 case burners, 1 picquet boat, 1 case gear, 2 crates masts, 1 boiler, 3 machines, 2 bales corks, 17cascBand 18 boxes glass, 7 drums and 2 cases varnish, 3 cases snuff, 1 box and 3 cases instruments, 6 coils pipes, 1 case and 1 parcel jewellery, 3 coils wire, 2 propeller blades, 95 wheels, 101 bags myraboloins, 83 bundles coir rope, sundries, and a quantity of cargo not de.- cribed on the manifest. J. G. Kondio, schooner, from Nambucca: 2689 pieces sawn timber, 835 pieces beech,. 346 pieces cedar. Koonoowarra, s., from Melbourne and Sydney : From Melbourne 25 half-chests 20 cases and 197 boxes tea, 1 case cotton, 1 case sheepshears, 1 case grindery-, 1 case paper, 4 springs, 2 cases soap, 1 pipe pork, 20 cases cheese, H'kong butter, 2 cases' drapery, 4 bales paper, 1 case earthenware, 3 crates box timber, 14 cases brandy, 1 case skates, 2 bales twine, 1 case polish, Pease thread, 1 package linens, 1 case plants, 17 bags and 100 sacks flour, 103 cases bottled beer, 1 bale trees, 120 bags chaff, 99 bales hay, sundry packages merchandise, and through cargo for Mackay and Townsville ; from Sydney-38 cases wire nails, 8 cases muriatic acid, 1 case tobacco, I case stationery, 3 cases plants, 3 cases electro-plated goods, 2 cases galvanised iron, 1 cask pork, 1 cask rivets, 14 bales woolpacks, 2 bales hessian, 1 truss and 1 parcel woollens, 1 parcel wat' lies value £20, 2 packages staves, CO sacks oatmeal, 1 late yard, 4 coils coir, 2 old sacks, rope, Arc, 9 casks boiler composition, 1 trunk boots, I each drapery, 2 bundles leather, 1 case plants, 1 bundle trees, T case and 1 parcel books, 30 cases stout, 1 cask pork, 1 case saddlery', cases handles, 1 case glass ware, I parcel drapery, 2 cases glass, 3 drums oil, 70 rolls wire netting, 533 bundles boxwood, 320 sacks potatoes, 1 cask boiler composition. 10 quarter-casks show j-, 0 quintal casks pork, 132 sashweights, ] bundle tubing, 3 cases and 1 cask ironmongery, 3 cases wir j nails, 10 rolls wire netting, a quantity of stale, 11 bags oatmeal, 32 , casks soda, 5 cases cigars, 533 bundles case wood, 70 rolls notting,?.tti cases galvanised iron, sundry packages merchandise, and through cm to for Bundaberg, Mackay, Townsville, and Cairns. Snefiid, Norwegian barque, from Boston : 20 cogs and 62 cases nails, ,)0J coils barbed wire, 200 cases bottled beer, 1 arise printed matter, 1 barrel oil,- 12 cases Sturt II crates agricultural machinery', 3 cases extras, 22 crates stoves, 1 case axle grease, 7500 cases oil, 2 pairs shafts, 10 waggons, 2 cases waggon parts, I steam launch, 1 crate boiler, 1 polo, 422 pieces spruce deal, i> cases buggies, sundries, and a large quantity of cargo not described on the manifest. Ey DUKE OF' BUCCLEUCH 245 Ti links of Boots and shun. 15K QUETTA 21 Trunks of Boots and Shoes. Ex DUKE OF SOTnEltlAND-. 221 'ii tanks of Boots and Shoe,. EX DORUNDA £2 Trunks of Boots and Shoes. ENOCH TAYLOR & CO., 161 Elizabeth-street. EXPORTS. Maranoa, s., for Sydney and Melbourne : For Sydney-st parcel seeds, s" his les, 4 bags skins, 3 large boxes, 1 chair, 1 hat box, 1 parcel drapery, 3 bundles skins, 1 boxcfi'otiis, 2 bags chair fittings, and sundries for Melbourne 132 units sugar, 2 boxes skate wheels, 1 coop fowls, and sundries. STEAMERS DUE. From Sydney. Fitzroy to-morrow afternoon. From Rockhampton and Maryborough Bur was this morning. From Rockhampton, via ports. Yaralla to morrow. From Bundaberg. Corea this morning. From Rockhampton and Maryborough. U Ranelagh to-morrow evening. From Townsville, via ports, Balmain to morrow evening. From Cooktown, via ports. Quiraing to-morrow evening. STEAMERS LEAVING. For Sydney. Burwah at noon to-day, For Cooktown, via intermediate ports Barcoo at noon, and Atelier at ö p.m. to- day. For Rockhampton, -wa ports Glanworth at 3 p.m. to-day-. SHIPPING MOVEMENTS. IJUUKNSrAND. Alice Mary, barque, is still at Cooktown. Aichi modes, schooner, is still at Mackay. Agnes, schooner, from Maryborough for Townsville, cleared Woody Island at 11.20 a.m. yesterday. Ariel, labour schooner, is still at Bundaberg. Adonis, s., was due at Noosa Boston they morning from Brisbane. Archer, s., leaves this afternoon for Cooktown, via ports, and is due in Keppel Bay on Monday. Barcoo,' s., leaves at noon to-day for Cooktown, via ports, is due in Keppel Bay to-morrow evening, and should reach Bowen on Monday night. Balmain, s., from Townsville for Brisbane, left Rockhampton at 2 p.m. yesterday, is due in Maryborough to-day, and should arrive here to-morrow evening. Barrabool, s., from Melbourne for Brisbane, arrived in Sydney on Thursday, and leaves to-day. She is due here on Monday. Birksgate, s., for Thursday Island and Normanton, via ports, with the mails for tranship- ment by the R.M.S. Qtiotta, arrived in Keppel Bay at 7.30 a.m. yesterday, left at 10.30 a.m., and is due off Flat-top Island early this morning. Burwah, s., from Rockhampton, arrived in Mary- borough yesterday meeting, left shortly afterwards, and is due' here early this morning. She leaves at uoon.Jjla-jday for Sydney, where 316 is due on Monday. Bulgttiry, barque, is still at Kimberley.- Borough Belle, schooner, is still at Mackay'. Bertha, schooner, left Kimberley last Saturday afternoon for Mai bro Island. Bessie Maud, schooner, arrived at Cooktown on Thursday afternoon from Brisbane. City of Melbourne, a is still in port. Coomba, ketch, left Townsville last Wednesday week for Maryborough. Clansman, brigantine, is now on her way from Brisbane for Normanton. Crinoline schooner, arrived at Townsville last Wednesday afternoon from Maryborough. C. Walker, schooner, left Townsville last Tuesday week for Port Macquarie Cintra, s., arrived in Melbourne on Thursday, and leaves to-day for Cooktown. She is due in Sydney on Monday, and leaves 011 Tuesday. Charles and Arthur, schooner, cleared at the Customs yesterday for Melbourne with a cargo of coke shipped by Messrs. Brydon, Jones, and Co. Chili, barque, is now at Cairns. Corea, s., passed Woody Island at 8.1311,111. yesterday, and lettuce here this morning Derwent, a is still in Sydney. Duke, schooner, is still at Cooktown. Dancing Wave, schooner, is now in Maryborough. Duke of Sutherland, B.I.S.N, Company's supplementary steamer, from London, via ports, anchored in the Brisbane roadstead at 7 a.m. yesterday and came up the 1 ivor on the after noon's till, with the assistance of the steamer Beaver. She berthed at Messrs. Gibbs, Bright, and Co.'s wharf, Kangaroo Point. Elamang, s. from Melbourne for Cooktown, was due in Sjd loy yesterday, and leaves to-day. Eurimbla, s., for Melbourne, arrived in Sydney on Thursday, and leaves to-day. Egmont, s., is now laid up in Sydney. Ellen, schooner, left Maryborough on Wednesday for Rockhampton. Fitzroy, s., probably left Sydney yesterday for Rockhampton, trades due here to-morrow evening. Franz, schooner, is now on her way from Cairns for Melbourne. Friendship, schooner, left Townsville last Thursday week for Maryborough. Fanny Dent, schooner, arrived in Moreton Bay yesterday morning from the ground, and was towed up the river in the evening by the steamer Waterlily. Glanworth, s., arrived here last evening from Sydney, and leaves at 3 p.m. to- day for Rockhampton, via ports. She is due in Maryborough at midday to-morrow, and probably loaves in the evening. Guille, barque, is still at Townsville. Giflni, schooner, is still at Cooktown. Gayuii'Vi, gunboat, for Brisbane, arrived in I lo hampton on Tuesday morning. Guthrie, s., from Sydney for Hongkong, via ports, passed Cape Moreton at 1.50 p.m.ouThursday. . Henrietta, schooner Íshow at Bowen, Halley Bayley, schooner, is notices No; mouton. Helen, barque, is now in port. ' ' Isle of Anglesea, barque, for Newcastle, in ballast, was towed to sea by the Boko 011 Tuesday. Jennie Scott, ketch, left Townsville on Wednesday morning for Maryborough. J. G., Kondio, schooner, from Nambucca, with timber, was towed up the river by the steamer Mystery yesterday morning, and reported at the Customs. Kenilworth, schooner, is now bound from Cook- town for Maryborough. Katoomba, S. is still in Sydney. Konoowarra, s., left here last evening for Rockhampton. She is due in Maryborough at midday to-day, and leaves in the evening. Karoola, schooner, arrived at Dungeness at 'noon on Sunday from Sydney. Kent, schooner, is now in port. Leura, s., for Melbourne, arrived in Sydney on Thursday, and leaves to-day. Lismore, schooner, from Maryborough for Townsville, cleared Woody Island yesterday morning. Lallarookh, Schooner, left Burketown last Saturday week for Thursday Island. Lucy and Adelaide, schooner, left Townsville last Tuesday week for Maryborough. Lake Simcoe, barque, is now at Townsville. Lavinia, schooner, from Mackay for the ; South Sea Islands, left Flat-top Island on Wednesday morning. Maranoa, sailed at noon yesterday for Melbourne, is due in Sydney to-morrow, and leaves on Tuesday. Mayflower, schooner, is now on her way from Cooktown for Maryborough. May Queen, schooner, arrived here yesterday from Townsville, via Marble Island, with a cargo of limestone. Marion,, schooner, from Maryborough for Townsville, cleared Woody Island at 11.20 a.m. yesterday. I Margarita, barque, is still in port., Moonta, schooner left Maryborough on Tuesday for Townsville. Martha Reid, schooner, left Townsville on Wednesday morning for Maryborough. Mary, Peverley, Echofncrwis now-on her way from Townsville for Normanton. Mary Ann, schooner, is now in.,Altorj,borough. Morning Light, schooner, left Townsville on Thursday morning for Bundaberg. Myrmidon, H.M.S., left Cooktown on Thursday morning for Port Darwin. Nellie, schooner, arrived at Cairns last Saturday morning from Brisbane with cargo. Orange Grove, barque,- is still in port. Orphans, schooner, left Kimberley on Wednesday for Auckland. Parnell, schooner, is still at Townsville. Polly, s., from Rockhampton, was due in Maryborough on Thursday. Platypus, steam dredge, arrived here yesterday from Cairns. Pacific, s., left Townsville on Wednesday for Cairns. Para, brig, for the South Sea Islands with 71 return islanders, cleared Cape Moreton on Tuesday afternoon. Pactole, barque, left Sydney on Thursday for Brisbane Quiraing, s., from Cooktown!, arrived off Flat- top Island yesterday morning, left at 10 arts., and is due in Keppel Bay this morning. She should arrive here to-morrow evening. Quoits, B.I.S.N. Company's R.M.S., for London, via ports, left Keppel Bay at 3.30 a.m. yesterday, was due off Flat-top Maud at midday, and should have reached Bowen last night. Ranelagh, s., probably left Rockhampton yesterday for Brisbane and Sydney, and is due in Maryborough this morning. Rockton, s., probably left Normanton yesterday for Brisbane, via ports. Rodondo, s., from Brisbane, arrived in Melbourne on Thursday, and leaves to-day for Rockhampton. Remits," barque, for Newcastle, cleared Cape Moreton at 940 a.m. on Thursday. Royal Duke, schooner, arrived at Cooktown on Thursday afternoon from Maryborough. Silvery Wave, schooner, for Townsville, with coals, left the Brisbane roadstead at 11.20 a.m. on Thursday. Sarah Pile, schooner, is still at Townsville. Scottish Bard, barque, is still in Maryborough. S. A. Hayward, ketch, is still at Townsville. Scottish Liberal, barque, leaves shortly for Newcastle in ballast. Sovereign, schooner, left Townsville last Thursday week for Brisbane Scottish Lassie, barque, from London and Plymouth, arrived in Maryborough on Tuesday. Snofrid, Norwegian barque, from Boston- with a general cargo, was reported at the Customs yesterday. She will remittance discharging at Messrs. Parbury, Lamb, and Co.'s wharf, Eagle-street, on Monday. week for Brisbane Victoria, s., leaves shortly for Normanton with the dredge Hydra in tow. Warrego. s., leaves Cooktown this morning for Brisbane, Sydney, and Melbourne, via ports, is due off Townsville to-morrow afternoon, and leaves at midday on Monday. AAlinup, ketch, from Maryborough, arrived at Townsville on Sunday afternoon. Yaralla, s., is now on her way from Brisbane to Normanton, with a full cargo of steel sleepers. You Yangs, s., for Townsville, via ports, arrived in Maryborough on Thursday, left that night, and is due in Rockhampton this morning. I Yaralla, s., left Rockhampton on Thursday for Brisbane, arrived at Bundaberg at noon yesterday, and is due here to-morrow. INTUIICOKONIAII. Adelaide, s., arrived in Melbourne on Thursday from Sydney. Clitus, s., arrived in Sydney yesterday morning Melbourne. Chingtu, s., arrived in Melbourne from yesterday morning from Hongkong via ports. Fiado, s., arrived in Melbourne yesterday morning from Newcastle Fifeshire, s., left Sydney on Thursday for Oamaru. Gabo, s., left Sydney on Thursday for Melbourne, where she is due to-day. Gambier, 3., arrived in Melbourne on Thursday from Adelaide. Greta, ship, left Adelaide yesterday morning for the United Kingdom. Hesperides, barque, left Sydney on Thursday for AA'ilmmglon. Lubeck, s., left Sydney on Thursday for Apia. Pacific, barque, left" Sydney on Thursday for Wilmington. Pallas, barque, left Adelaide on Thursday for Guam. Ravenswood, barque, left Sydney on Thursday for Valparaiso. Scottish Wizard, barque, arrived in Melbourne on Thursday from London, Salazie, French mail steamer, from Sydney for Marseilles, via ports, arrived at Adelaide yesterday morning. Totilordou, s., arrived in Sydney on Thursday from Fiji. Victorian, s., arrived in Sydney on Thursday from Melbourne, Valetta, P. and O. Company's R.M.S., from Sydney for London, via ports, probably leave Melbourne yesterday, and is due at Adelaide to-morrow. Captain T. L. JOIHIBIOIIO reports that the Glan- worth, s. left Sydney at 9 p.m. on the 13th instant ; cleared the Heads at 9,15 p.m.; passed Smoky Cape at 3.50 p.m. on (the 14th and Cape Byron at 1.23 a.m. on the 15th ; rounded Cape Moreton at 1.30 p.m.; passed the Pile Light at 4.30 p.m.; and arrived at the wharf at 6 p.m. Experienced moderate westerly to north-westerly winds, with smooth sea and fine clear weather throughout the passage. THE SNEER). The Norwegian barque Snofiitl, from Boston, was reported at the Customs yesterday, and will commence discharging al Parbury, Lamb, and Co's Eagle- street wharf on Monday morning. This vessel, which is consigned to the agency of Messrs. A. Shaw and Co., brings very nearly 1000 tons of general American merchandise, including 7500 cases of kerosine oil. She is a new vessel and a stranger to the port. She was launched about thirteen months ago by her owner, J. Bbríescu, at Gramsladt, Norway, and isabtiongif not graceful looking vessel. The Snofrid, which is a wooden craft, has capacity for about 1000 tons of cargo, which she carries on a mean draught of 12ft. She left Boston on the voyage just terminated on the 24th February, under the command of Captain C. Ulslrut, with north-west winds and fine weather, which, however, I did not last very long. On the 26th a strong gale from the south- east was encountered, causing a heavy sea continuing till the morning of the 27th, when she was favoured with a fair wind and fine weather again. This lasted till the 4th March, when another gale was experienced this time from the north-west. On the 9th the gale abated and was followed by fine weather and westerly winds till (the 11th, when the wind veered round to the eastward and south-east, the weather remaining (fine. Variable winds and weather were experienced to 21deg. 7min. N. Int. and 35deg. W. long., where the first of the north-east trades was full. I They proved moderate in force, and carried the ship to the equator, which was crossed on the 2nd April in 27deg. W. long. The south- east trades were picked up made. Clunn. S. hit., 24deg. 37min. AV. long., and were carried to 23deg, 27min. S. last, and 33deg. again. AV. long., which point was reached on the 11th April. From that date until crossing the meridian of the Cape' of Good Hope on the 28th April fine weather and variable winds, principally from the eastward, were experienced. Fine weather and variable winds, with now, field, again a pretty stiff breeze, were the order of the day during the, remainder of the passage, which was completed in 111 days. THE DUKE OF SUTHERLAND. The steamer Duke of Sutherland, 2031 tons, Captain Cox, from London, via ports, with immigrants and a general cargo, anchored in the Brisbane roadstead at 7 a.m. yesterday, and was assisted up the river on the afternoon's tide by the tug Beaver, berthing at Messrs. Gibbs, Bright, and Co's wharf, Kangaroo Point. The Brisbane contingent of her immigrants, to the number of 127 were immediately transferred to the Beaver, which conveyed them round to the new depot at Kangaroo Point The Duke of Sutherland left London with a total of 413souls, equal to 406 statute adults, who were placed under the charge of of Dr. A. Napier Ledingham as surgeon-superintendent, and Mrs. Gaudin as matron. Nationalities 306 English, 49 Scotch, 75 Irish, and 23 from other countries ; classification : 27 assisted IG English, 1 Scotch, and 10 Irish: free, 247-195 English, 30 Scotch, 24 Irish, and 10 from other countries; 100 remittance and free nominated, 38 being English, 9 Scotch, 38 Irish, and 21 from other countries ;' indented 39, of whom 36 were English and 3 Irish, and 2 full payers. The assisted, free, and remittance and free nominated passengers paid. total of £571 towards their passages and ship's kits. Occupations 104 female domestic servants, 140 farm labourers, 1 shepherd, 6-5 general labourers, 1 gardener, 2 minors, and 6 others whose trade or occupation is not specified. Social condition 5-31 married couples, 157 single men, 117 single women, 38 male and 28 female children between the ages of 1 and 12 years, and 11 infants. The Duke landed in addition to children, 21 immigrants at Cooktown, 49 at Cairns, 2 at Port Douglas, 10 at Mackay, 51 at Townsville", 53 at Rockhampton, and 83 at Maryborough, leaving 6 married couples; 83 single men, 45 single women, and '37 children,' for Brisbane. She discharged 30 tons of cargo at Thursday Island, 531 packages at Cooktown, 1399 packages at Cairns,, 32W.atJCownäville. 112 at Mackay, 4518 at Rockhampton, and 288 at Maryborough, leaving 36 packages for Bundaberg and about 1500 tons for Brisbane. Mr. Herbert Lyndamoro, the well-known purser, supplies the following particulars concerning the voyage The Duke of Sutherland I left the Royal Albert Docks on the 17th April, and arrived at Gràyesemltlio s june, night. Left on the 13th, and anchored off Mouse Lightship for the night. Got underway the morning of the 19th, passed through the Downs the same day, and landed the pilot at Dover. A fresh I southerly breeze was then blowing. On Friday, the 20th, a strong gale ft on the south-west was encountered, causing a heavy sea, in which the Duke laboured very much and shipped large quantities of water' on deck. The hatches had to be battened down fore and aft. The whole of the deckhouse on the starboard side of the vessel were washed overboard, but fortunately, there were no casualties among the passengers or crew. The weather moderated on the JtullorWiig day, and Gibralter w.asp.isst-d on the 24th with a fresh breeze from the northward. Malta was passed on the 28th with violent gusts of wind and a heavy head sea. The vessel rolled very much and the docks were continually flooded fore and aft. Onthisoccasiou the remaining deck-houses on the port side were washed overboard. Bad weather continued until reaching Port Said on the 1st of May. Here the Duke of Sutherland coaled, after which she passed through the Suez Canal with the aid of the electric light. Suez was reached on the 3rd and left on (he 24th. Very fine, weather was expo fenced in the Red Sea. She passed Aden on the 8th May and reached Colombo on the 17th. Left again the same night after coaling and passed through Sunda Straits on the 24th, the weather being dirty and hazy. Sho steered a course north of all the islands and passed through the World Passage. Thursday Island was reached on the 3rd of June and left on the 4th. She arrived at Cook! own on the 8th, left same date, and arrived at Cairns the same evening; left on the 7th, and dropped anchor in Cleveland Bay on (the 8th ; left on the 24th, arriving off Flat-top Island on the their left that morning, and anchored in Keppel Bay into the same night. shore she was subjected to a delay of twenty-four hours owing to the lighters which were despatched from Rockhampton to receive the cargo for (but port grounding in the Fitzroy- River. She left Keppel Bay on the 12th and arrived off the White Cliffs, Hervey Bay, on the 13th : left on the 14th, and in above stated anchored in the Brisbane roadstead yester-" day morning and ascended the river on the afternoon's tide. The voyage has been an exceedingly pleasant and successful one not. a single death or sickness of any consequence occurred. Several entertain meats were organised, including a grand day's athletic sports, which everyone thoroughly enjoyed. One side of the Duke's ample dock was closed for the occasion, and formed a splendid course. The committeemen and judges, who wore rosettes, carried through the different events in a business-like style. The discipline and sanitary condition of the ship has been excellent all through, and reflects great credit on those in charge. Captain Cox and his officers did everything in their power for the comfort of the people, and no complaints were made to the immigration officers. The Duke of Sutherland was reported at the Customs yesterday, and will commence discharging this morning. VESSELS TO AUIUVJO.-Jtmrt 14. Alexandra, ship, 1352 tons, from Condon, for Brisbane. Sailed 13th February. Subsequently put into Madeira disabled and returned to London to roll. Abeona, barque, from London for Brisbane. Loading 23rd April. Ardmore, ship, 500 tons, from London, for Brisbane stilled 12th March, and left St art Point on the 15th. Burns, Philp, and Co., agent., Arciduca Hotlolfa, Austrian barque, 835 tons fre VII London for Brisbane. Sailed, 7th March, and anchored off Dover on the 9th, leaking, fu Portland Roads 15th March. Abel Abbott, bauple, from New York for Brisbane. The Castlemaine Brewing, and Quinlan, Gray, and Co., Limited, agents.. Barunga, barque, 1030 tons, iron! Liverpool for Brisbane. Sailed. 17th March. Bertha, German barque, 337 tons, from New York for Brisbane. Sailed 21st Milich. Quinlan, Gray, and Co., Limited, agents. C. Tobias, barque, 830 tons, from London, for Brisbane. totalling. MOBSVS. Burns, Philp, and Co., agents. Charles Bal, Norwegian barque, 724 tons, from Puget Sound for Townsville. Loading in March. Clan M'Leod, barque, 673 tons, from New York for Brisbane. To sail 20th March. Cloncurry, s., from London for Brisbane, via ports. To sail 15th May The B.l. and Q.A. Company, Limited, managing agents. Duke of Devonshire, s., from London for Brisbane, via ports. To sail 12th June. The B.I. and Q.A. Company, Limited, managing agents. Buranda, B.I.S.N. Company's R.M.S., from London for BEHAVIOR, via ports. Sailed 2nd May. The B.L and Q.A. Company, Limited, managing agents. Duke of' Sutherland, B.I.S.N. Company's sup S'einoulary steamer, 2034 tons, from London for brisbane, via ports. Sailed 17th April, via Suez 3rd May. Now coming down the Queensland coast. The B.I. mid Q.A. Company, Limited, managing to get to. Electra, ship, 668 tons, from Glasgow for Brisbane. Sailed 17th March. Messrs. D. L. Brown and Co., agents. Francisco Goluoso, barque, 427 tons, from Glasgow, for Brisbane. Sailed 22nd February. Messrs. D. L. Brown and Co., agents. Glenrosa, slum 835 tons, from London for Brisbane. Sailed on the 25th March, and anchored in the Downs on the south, thence 27th. Glenhuntly', barque, 917 tons, Captain John Bidwell, from New York for Brisbane. Sailed on the 19th April. Messrs. Aplin, Brown, and Co., agents. Gryfe, ship, 1069 tons, from Glasgow, for Brisbane. Stiilotl on (the 12th April, and left Greenock on the 13th. Messrs D. L. Brown and Co., agents. Guyana, barque, 693 tons, from London for Townsville. Sailed on the 13th April, and passed Deal same date. Heinrich Bauer, German ship, 571 tons, from Hamburg for Brisbane, Loading 17th February. one, barque, 520 tons, from London, for Townsville. Sailed on the 21st March. Iron Crag, barque, 327 tons, iron London for Brisbane. Sailed 17th March. Messrs. I'm bury, Lamb, and Co., agents. Jumna, B.I.S.N. Company's RMS., 3000 tons, from London for Brisbane, via. ports. To suit on the 25th August. The Big. and Q.A. Company, Limited, managing agents. Ladstock, barque, 816' tons, from London for Brisbane Sailed 31st March. Quinlan, Gray, and Co., agents.. Low Wood, American barque, 1091 tons, from New York for Brisbane, via Adelaide. Cleared 30th March. Wallace, Warren, and Co., agents.. La Fiduciu, barque, from New York, for Bris bane. Parbury, Lamb, and Co., agents. Margaretha, German barque, 747 tons, from London for Rockhampton. Sailed on the 10th April, and anchored in the Downs on the 17th, thence 20th. Merkara, B.I.S.N. Company's R.M.S., 3094 tons, from London for Brisbane, via ports. To sail 25th July. The B.I. and Q.A. Company, Limited, managing agents. Oamaru, brigantine, leghorns, from Auckland for Brisbane, sailed 14th April. Orion, German barque, 300 tons, from Hamburg, for Brisbane. Sailed 3rd April. Messrs. D. L. Brown and Co., agents. Peru, barque, 683 tons, from London for Brisbane, sailed prior to the 10th April. Remonstrant, barque, 1065 tons, from Maryport for Maryborough. To sail 10th April. Renfrewshire,' ship, 388 tons, from Glasgow for Brisbane. To sail 30th April. River Indus, ship, 1945 tons, from Liverpool, for Brisbane. To sail 10th April. Parbury, Lamb, and Co., agents. Shalimar, barque, 985 tons, from London for Brisbane, sailed on the 14th April. Tniobti, B.I.S.N. Company's R.M.S., 6000 tons, from London for Brisbane, via ports. To sail 30th June. The B.I. and Q.A. Company, Limited, managing agents. Victoria Nyanza, ship, 1222 tons, from London for Brisbane. Loa Ung on the 21st April. Wave Queen, barque, 353 tons, from London for Brisbane. To sail 25th April. Willie M'Laren, barque, 600 tons, Captain W. Laidman, from Puget Sound for Normanton. Loading 1st April. Burns, Philp, and Co., agents. VESSELS IN HARBOUR.-JU.N-2 11. Balcarry, barque, '491 tons, from London at Normanton. Burns, Philp, and Co., agents. Charles and Arthur, schooner, 170 tons, Captain Charles G. Begent, for Melbourne. Brydon, Jones, and Co., agents. Chili, barque, 678 tons, from London, at Cairns. Flora, schooner, 114 tons, from the South Sea Islands, via Mackay. Parbury, Lamb, and Co., agents. Gazelle, barque, 330 tons, Captain F. Munro, from London at Townsville. Burns, Philp, and Co., agents.. Lake Simcoe, barque, 334 tons, from London, at Townsville. Margarita, barque, 799 tons,, from Port Gamble. James Campbell and Sons, agents. Orange Grove, barque, 335 tons, Captain Gramkie, from Port Pirie. The Adelaide Milling and-Mercantile.Company.Limited, agents. Scottish Bard, barque, 368 tons, from London at Maryborough. Scottish Admiral, ship, 930 tons, Captain Ross, from Glasgow. Messrs. D. L. Brown and Co., 1 agents. Scottish Lassie, barque, 692 tons from London, in Hervey's 'Bay. * Snofrid, Norwegian barque, 520 tons, from Boston. - > Voidandi, Danish schooner, 299 tons, Captain F. Dwyer, from London at Cooktown. Burns, Philp, and Co., agents. NOTICE TO MARINERS; No. 5 OP 1888. ROCKY PATCH OFF THE EASTERN SHORE OF MORETON ISLAND. Notice is hereby given that a small rocky patch, with not more than 5 fathoms on it at low water, lies E. by N. '. N. northerly, 1 miles and 1 cable from Mount Tempest. The patch is close to the edge of the 20 of above line of soundings shown upon the chart. G. P. HEATH, Com. R. N., Portmaster. Department of Ports and Harbours, Brisbane, 15th June, 1888. SHIP MAILS. Mails will be made up and closed at the General Post Office as under :- . ' GLAUSIONI:, RooiuiAirrioN, AND NoiiTHETíír PORTS Per Barcoo, s., at 11.15 a.m., to-day (Saturday). BijNiiAnErtci AND GLADSTONE For Glanworth s., at 235 p.m. to-day (Saturday). liocrcHAJtrroN, MACKAY, TOWNSVILLE, OAEDJ WELL., CAIRNS, PORT BOatS, AND COOKTOWN.-? Per Archer, s., at 4.15 p.m. to-day (Saturday). AusTiuuAN Cor.oNiics.-Per Burwah, s., at 11.15 a.m. to-day (Saturday). OVI:I!I,AND MAUS ron IM: UNITED KINGDOM, PER GERMAN PACKET. For registered letters, packets, and newspapers, at 4 p.m. ordinary letters, at 4.30 p.m.; and late-fee letters, at 5 p.m. on Tuesday. 