OtJR I&RWffl; LETTER. (FROM OUi STSOUL GOBEESPONBENT.) December 2. In the art world I may mention that Mr Charles Gregory, the well-known Australian painter, has at the winter exhibition ot the Royal Water-Color Society, two very fine works of his, the result of bis resent wanderings on the Riviera, near Genoi. One Is a view of a frontier 20 miles from Nice, and the other is a fine afternoon effaot from a break in an olive wood. Mr Gregory has a!sD a fine collection of some really beauti ful sketches of his on view in Bond-street, London, and taken by him quite recently, of various points of interest on the south coast of England. There will be at the forthcoming Service banquet a strong and very decided aristo cratic element. Lord Rosebery is, I believe, to preside, and he will be sup ported by the Marquis of Lome, Earl of Onslow, and Sir Henry Holland himself. Mr J. R. Baker, L.L.B., Cambridge, son of Mr R. & Baker, of South Aus tralia, has just been called to the bar. A veteran of the New Zealand war, 18631866\. Lieutenant Dominie Joestin Gamble, OB., died the* other day at his residence, Kensington. Just now there is rather a dearth of colonist* in the metropolis, for of those in England, in a residential sense, the majority do not appear in London during the bad weather we are now having, and no wonder that many of them retire to the Continent and to Italy. Very considerable interest is being felt in the conference now sitting on the sugar bounties. It Is, I think, a thousand pities that the capital error was made of not havlne- special -repres4n«aUvm -tram the Australian colonies. Very obviously Fiji, Queensland, and New .South Wales have a good deal to say on the subject, and measures ought to have been taken to secure for each of them adequate and direct representation. The meat trade just now is rather dull The fact is, supplies are rather exoesBive, and the weather has not yet baeome cold enough to accentuate demand. The Australian mutton trade has suffered muoh, and values are 5' down.' The best New Zealand carcases can be had for 2- 7d a stone, and some inferior qualities are as low as 2i 3d. At the present time New Zealand sheep are being consumed at the rate of about 12,000 a week. A consignment of 11,000 New Zealand sheep has just arrived, and stocks are again about 70,000, and in view of con signments on the way, will soon run up to 100,000. I am sorry to say that nearly all the antipodean meat goes somehow into the hands of restaurateurs and hotel keepers, and is consumed as Eng lish, Welsh, or Scotch. It is a very dishonest thing, and does the colonies muoh harm, but it Is very difficult to find a remedy. One thing would be for some large producers o mutton to send over here. persons who could be trusted to open retail shops for the sale of Australian and New Zealand meat only, and to fully utilise the paroel post. But such an undertaking would require a great deal of management, and very jadiolous working. I do not wish to prophesy before I know, but I may Inform my readers that a strong opinion prevails here in a usually well informed q osrter that before very long one of the principal members of the group means to go in for immigration on a really big scale. It is certainly high time that some of the great Austral colonies adopted these means for lessening th* per capita incidence of their enormous debts. These last are not unnaturally attracting much notice in -financial circles here, and they, as they stand now, offer too much facility for ' bearing' really good and sound colo nial securities. The adjourned meeting of the Agents General at the Royal Colonial Institute this week for the purpose of deciding how best to celebrate the centenary of Aus tralia has ended rather lamely. No deci sion could be arrfvedJ at, and finally a resolution was passed to issue a circular to about 700 leading: colonists, inviting expression of opinion as to what had better be done. This is certainly, so far, rather a lame and impotent conclusion. General sympathy Is felt here with Sir Saul Samuel, who, on Wednesday, reoeived a cablegram from Sydney announcing the death of his eldest son there nnder such very distressing circumstances. I have just looked at the Tasmanian offices, and had a chat with Mr Goodman, who la now virtually the executive. All the students are quite well. There are many enquiries from persons desiring to emigrate. Tasmakiah Tub* Club. — On Wednes day a committee meeting of the Tasmaulan Turf Club was held at the Brisbane Hotel, but only routine business was transacted. It was, however, decided to invite tenders, which will be opened on Satur day evening, for the erection of booths, fences, etc., on the Ifowbray course, to replace those recsntly destroyed by fire. Spbciai, Licenses. — A Iioen*e was granted to J. Blackburn, of the Queen's Head Hotel, to sell wines, beer, etc., on the Launceeton Cricket Ground on the holding of a cricket match to-morrow A license was granted to Elijah George, of Hadspen, to sell giogerbeer, spruce beer, soda water, and lemonade during the course of the current year. With regard to the latter, we would remind vendors of these articles that they are liable to a fine of £2 for selling without having first taken out a license to do so. 'Rough on Piles.'— Why suffer piles mmediate relief and complete cureiraaranteed Ask for 'EouKh on Piles.' Sure cure for itching, protruding, bleeding, or any form of Fieb.— As if tho blaze In Elizibeth itreet on Wednesday had not been euffi - cieot to test tbe capabi.itita of uur Fire \ 8: gade, early yesterday miming they ] had a fair cbancs cf being called out of j bed. About 2 a.m* a passer- by otiierved the blind in one of the bedrooms of the I Coaoh and Horses Hotel, cf which Mrs E. Ecana Is the licensee, burntDg. Having aroused the household, he was proceeding to the Firebell Tower to give the alarm when he was met by Sergeant Wilkins and Constable Carey. The latter at once proceeded to the hotel, having deterred their informant from ringing the firebell until th-y had ascartained the danger. It was found the bea-clothSB, window blinds and frame of a bedroom, in which a young man was sleeping, was on fire. A few buckets of water sufficed to avert all danger. Boat Accident.— Last evening Mr G. Cragg'a crew, while practising for a race to try the speed of a new one-str6ik ent rlgged four, just Imported by the Tamar Rowing Olub, and built by Edwards, of Melbourne, under Instruction to construct the fastest four possible with all. latest improvements, had a capsize, fortunately unattended with any ill tffects. Messrs. Orpwood (who was kindly acting as eoach) and Coogan, who took Diane's place fof the evening, Deane being unwell, are strangers to the pleasure of being thrown nut of a four, but the rest of the crew are getiiDg aaed to this impromptu bath, having had one this month last yeat, when the Wakefield Upset them while holding a winning position in the Ladies' Parse Race at the Tamar Regatta, Cashless Legislation.— The Barristers and Attorneys Aot Amendment Act, 1887, provides that if any barrister or attorney, unleis the fee speolfied in the schedule to the Act be paid, 'shall either directly or indirectly practice or act as such in Tasmania,' he ' shall be liable to the like penalties mentioned in section forty of the said Act.' ' The said Act' refers to ' the Barristers and Attorneys Act, 1874,' 38 Vic, No. 14. The 40th section of that Act Contains not a word about fides, pains, and penalties. Pro bably, however, the Legislature meant to incorporate the 45th section of the Atit, but as they did not do so, unless a very high sense of honor prevails among the legal fraternity of the island, we cannot but think the funds under the Tasmaniac Law Societies Act, 1887, will be some what meagre until after the ensning session of Parliament. AciDEMY of Mtoio. — The five act comedy-drama ' Stageland' was placed on the boards at the Academy of Music last evening by the St Manr Comedy Com pany for the first time in Launceston, and the success that attended its first repre sentation must be very gratifying to Mr St. Maur. 'Stageland' is, perhaps, one of the best dramas played at the Academy of Music for some time past, and the way In which it was por trayed last evening will no doubt establish it aa one of the favorite pieces of Mr St. Manr'e extensive repertoire. It is a well written play, highly savored with romance, and abounds in sensational situations, and one that allows full scope for the powers of an accomplished actor such as Mr St. Maur has proved himself to be. The characters of Oeasar Hector Da Bolsgoby. an old French actor and emigri. is well represented by Mr Stj Manr. His French accent Is excellent, and his different guises would never betray Mm as having taken snch characters as Lord Laonoelot Oldacre in the 'Candi- date,' or Alfred Hummingtop in ' The Arabian Nights.' Miss Florence Sey mour, as the street singer Rose, was a perfect success, her vocalisation being most pleasing, especially in her duet with Mr St Maur, 'On allez vou,mi belle,' and her own solo, Mies Lindsay's ever- beautiful song, 'Tired.' One of the finest pieces of acting was Mr R. R. Chanter's pourtrayal of Lord Sydney Errolles, a yonne hero, who the author has awarded with some capital laugusge' and stirring scenes. The staging of the piece adds mnch to its success, and Mr R. R. Chanter, the stage manager, is to be congratulated on Its completeness. ' Stageland ' will be produced again to- night. SnioifSEN'e Royal Italian Okra CoMPAirr. — Among tha passengers to Ltunceston yesterday by tbe express from Hobart was Mr P. L. Raphael, represen tative of Mr Martin Simosen's lloyal Ttallan Opera Company. Mr Raphael cimsi to arrange, if sufficient inducement off jrs, for a weekfc visit of this renowned company to Launceston, and hss placed the box plan at Messrs . Walch Bros, and BirchaH'n establishment, where sub scribers may at once enrol their names. The fame of this company has now spread pretty well throughout the several colonias as being the most distinguished of any that bas visited the Southern Hemisphere, and wherever they have appeared they have been accorded a reception unparalleled In the history of grand operas in Australia. The company open in Hobart at the end of the present month, and the date of opening in Launceston is February 6, when ' H Troratore1 will be produced. Then will follow 'Lnciadi Lammermoor,' 'Noraa.' 'Faust,' 'Miritana,' and 'XJn Ballo In Masohera.' 'Catholic Stawdakd.'— Tbe Pope's jubilee number of the Catholic Standard has reached us, and an excellent number it Is. A fine lithograph picture of His Holiness Pope Leo XIII., who was born March 10. 1810, elected February 20, 1878, and who celebrated his sacerdotal jubilee on December 31 last, accompanies this issue. A very readable extract from the life of Hit Holiness, by John Old ca;t\e, is published, and gives an account of his life from boyhood to priesthood. Each page of this number is margined with red columns, which gives the work a pleasing and neat appearance. Breadalbamb Road Tsubt. — Tenders are invited by Mr John Learning, clerk to the Breadalbane Road Trust, receiv able up to Thursday, 12th inst., and addressed to the chairman of the trust, Mr David Peters, of Talhker, for the com pletion of bridges at Gee's and Gilbert's creeks. The sum of £10 must accompany each tender, and a time stated for com pletion, but the trust do not bind them selves to accept tbe lowest or any tender. All necessary information can be had of the chairman of the trust. iNiGHT C'HiBaES. — A man named Thomas Hicks, 25 years of age, a resident of Hall's Track, was arrested by Constable Hogan yesterday, charged with being of unsound mind, and brought to the Laun ceston Police Station. The caBe will be investigated by tbe presiding magistrates this morning. A £50,000 Rewasd.— An idea seems to be running about loose in the world (says the Melbourne Daily Telegraph), that the Government of this colony has got a sum of £50.000 to confer on the Individual who Invents a scheme for annihilating rabbits. A gentleman living at Oldham Lancashire, England, with an eye to reaiums a tortuue, has written to the Agent-General stating that he is prepared to send out twenty men experienced in rabbit-catching, who will work night and day until they kill every bnnny in the land. All he asks is that their passages ' ahail be paid, and the £50,000 handed ! over when they have finished their work. I It is not the intention of the Lands i Detriment, to whom the letter has been \ forwarded, to show undue haste in closing i with the offer. Another genius, named Jacques, of Nswcastle-on-Tyne, also prompted by a prospective fortune, pro- , poses to send ont 15C0 dogs of the Bad- : lington and Rothley breeds, together with = a few other terriers, and he advises that the animals should be distributed amongst nqur.Usro. He thinks that the dogs could be obtained for from £5 to £6 15i eaoh, and urges the Government of Victoria to keep very quiet, or el*e such a large order for do^i will raise the market price. It will be some tima before this gentleman receives a cheque. Police Copbt. — Meesrs H. T. A. Murray, P.M., and Ernest Whltfeld, J P., presided at the Lvoncaston Polios Coarfc yeatereay . There was a long Met of ciuses on the eharg* sheet, bat three were withdrawn One man, for being drank, was fined 10a or one week's imprisonment ; another was sent to gaol for 14 dayB1 for being idle and disorderly, without the option of a fine ; and a third was fined 5b and costs of court for allowing a cow and heifer to be at large. In a case between an old married couple, who seemed to have out Ivad their first love, in which the wife laid an informa tion against the husband for nslng threatening language towards her, the court considered there Was blame attachable to each party, and bound the defendant over, In his own Recognisance of £5, to keep the peace for one month, advising the old f jlk to try and live on amicable terms during the remainder of their declining years. Samuel Adams, pleading guilty to a charge of stealing a frieze coat, the property of Mr W. R. Stewart, was sentenced to two months' imprisonment. It appears the prisoner went into defendant's yard under the pretence of selling eggs, and then appro priated the article of raiment. George Everell did not pat in an appearance to a charge of trying to enttir a railway carriage while the train was in motion. The charge was proved on the evidence oE the station master at the L. and W. Railway Terminus, but as there had been some irregularity in remanding the case when it was ciHsd on on Tuesday last and the bye-laws of the railway had not been pro duoed, the Court declined to itfiict a penalty. BANKBirprcT Oodkt —A telegram was recelf ed -in town yesterday by Mr W. Huat, Register' of the Bankruptcy Court, stating that Mr Justice Adam!? will attend In Launceston on Thursday next, January 12, to transact business in connection with the Court. The attorneys in town were communicated with, and generally the appointment met with their approva1, but in two or three cases, owing to notices having to be served in the country at some distance from town, the arrangement hardly fell in with the Convenience of legal firms, and perchance, therefore, His Honor may delay his visit for a week. Air Examination Story.. — An examiner who prided himself on his shrewdnets was determined that he would make it impossible for any copying to take place under Ma supervision (says Temple Bar). Accordingly he not only kept a very sharp and constant watch upon the can didates, bat peered at them from time to time between the fingers of his bands spread before his face. At last he thought he detected a man in something which looked vary suspicious. Looking from side to side to satitfy himself that no one observed him, the man plunged his hand into his breast pocket, and drawing some thing out regarded it long and steadfastly, and then hastily replacing it, resumed his pen and wrote with obviously increased energy. The examiner pretended not to notice this, but after a time he rose from his seat, and with his hands In his pockets strolled round the room with an ap pearance of negligence and indifference to what waB going on. By these means he succeeded In disarming sus picion, and getting to windward of his prey stole npon him from behind gradually and anperceived. Than, waiting patiently, his strategy was rewarded by obiemug that the man once more turned his head from side to side, yet not quite far enough to see him, and once more put his hand into his breast pocket. Then the examiner sprang forward in elation, and seized the band in the very act of grasping the suspected objict. 'Sir,' said he, ' this is the fourth time 1 have watched you doing this. What have yon in your hand?' The man hesitated to reply, and this, coupled with bis evident confusion, confirmed the suspicions of the examiner. ' I must insist, sir, on seeing what it is you have in yonrhand.' The man reluctantly complied, and, drawing his hand from the pecket, presented to the dismayed examiner the photograph of a young lady. This It was which had been his hidden source of inspiration. This had been the secret of his ever freshened energy. Very humbly and sin cerely did the examiner offer hu apologies as he returned crestfallen to his seat, and it gives the finishing touch to the story to learn that the candidate married that young lady in due time, and that they are now living happily together in the enjoy ment of the blessings of their faithful love so rudely tested and discovered. A New Launch — The keel of a new steam launch has baen laid at the Don by Messrs Finlayson and Gulliver. The vessel (says the N W. Post), will be 40ft on keel, and i« to have 8 horsepower engines, and a maximum speed of 12 knots per hour. The vessel is to be of iron, and will be built by Messrs J. Finlayson and Co, the builders of the ferry steam launch Mersey. It is with much pleasure we note these facts, as they argue well for the future of the North- West Coast, where we hope to sea in the near future a successful iron ship building trade carried on. As regards Messrs Finlayson and Co., we may state that they hold most excellent certificates, and their work alone without these is sufficient to warrant them getting much support in this industry. The Deaths of Robertson and Shveb Hnns.— Tuesdaj'a Melbourne papers to hand by the s.s. Southern Ctobs give par ticulars of the accident at Randwick on Monday afternoon. It appears that 12 horses started for Tattersall's Cap, and as they approached the turn into the straight Yespasia fell, and Silvennine (ridden by Robertson) fell over her. Invader then falling over the pair. Silvermlne was fatally injured, and Robertson, when first picked np, was thought to be dead. He was conveyed to St. Vincent's Hos pital, where he was found to be suffering from a fracture cf the base of the skull, caused by some of the horses either tread ing or falling on him.. We have learned by cable that poor Robertson succumbed to his Injuries. The Age, referring to the accident, says of the unfortunate man : — ' There Is eoarcely a better known jockey on the Australian turf than Roberta in, who has been riding horses always good enough to run Into places for yean past. He has ridden the winners of nearly all the chief races of Australia, including the Melbourne, Adelaide, Aus tralian, and Hobart Cups, and the Sydney Metropolitan Stakes ; while he has ridden second and third for those and other events so often that he gained the charaoter of being always good enough to back for a place The public will re member bis brilliant wins of the Mel bourne Cap on Malna in 1884, and on ihe same horse in the Australian Cup of 1886, and hlB great but unsuccessful attempts to win the Oaulfield Cup on SUvermine on two occasions, and the Melbourne Cap on Trenton and Silvermine, will Dot have been forgotten. Silvermine, who was Tasmanian-bred, was a most unlucky horse, and Robertson was generally asso ciated with him when he ran second or third, as be did for the Newmarket Handicap, Sydney Cap, Caulfield Cop, and the Melbourne Cap of 1886, as well as the Caulfield and Melbourne Oops of 1887\. All racing men will regret that so good a horse should have so disastrously ended what was a promising career. A Yjjjkeb Bubble.— Ocean travellers will regret to hear that the wonderful Pocahontas of the Arrow Steamship Company, flew York, which was going to go from Southampton to New York in less than six days, revolutionise ship building, and ' knock Europe silly,' will not be launched jast yet awhile — in fact, according to the New York Herald, not a stroke of work his yet been done ou the ship. And tin's is etr&uge;, Bating that three fifths of the million dol'ar.3 capital htve bjen paid np, and ; that tha ciccpiny possesses several { officers with handsome salaries. Akotheb BivEJB Tbaoedt. — Another ?tartliag tragedy wai enacted at the Yarra, ue.r the foot of Wiiliam-street, Mel bourne, on Monday last, the victim being a young, well-attired, preposBeesiug looking woman, name unknown, woo made a desperate plunge into the 6 tree m She so strenuously resisted the gelianr effjrts of Henry Grey, the young chief steward of the Geelong steamer Bellas, to to save her, that he narrowly escaped a watery grave. The gallant conduct of Grey was a prominent feature of the melancholy affair, which created a good deal of excitement amongst the pecpie belonging to the different vessel* lying in the stream. It was between 10 and 11 o'clock that the young woman appear* d on the wharf, and, according to the infor mation supplied, at once leaped into the mitiim between the stern of the Edina and the stem cf the the steamer Victorian She uttered threa piercing (creams on leaching the water, and Grey at once plunged into the rescue, bat Bhe Btrag gJed violently, and dragged him under. He was compelled to let go to save him self, and she Ea; k at once, ponstable Ohalander and others came with the grap ling irons, and, half an hour aftet, the body was recovered. It was seen to be that of a young woman about 26 years of age, 5ft 4in high, fair complexion, bair cut short, dressed in black cashmere dress, patent button-up boots, etc. The deceased did not wear any wedding ring, and the only article found on the body was a neatly- folded whits apron In her dress pocket. It was surmised that she was a waitress or barmaid. It hag since been ascertained that the name of the unfortunate girl was Ethel Cox, and -he was a barmaid at the Rayal Mail Hotel. Little B aeefoot. —Mr Matthew Arnold was greatly struck by tbe democratic go vernment of our reading-room when be was in Boston He came ia here one day and iiw a little barefooted newsboy sitting in one of tha best chairs, enjoying himself apparently fof dear life. The great eBBayist wai completely astounded. ' Do you let barefooted boys in this read ing-room 1 ' he asked. ' You would never see eucb a sight as that in Europe. I do not believe there ia a reading- room in all Europe ia which that boy, dressed as he is, would ente-'r.' Then Mr Arnold went over to the boy, engaged him in conver sation, and found that he was reading the ' Life of Washington,' and that he was a ?oung gentleman of decidedly anti British tendencies, and, fer his age, remarka'My well informed. Mr Arnold remained talking with the youngster for some time, and as he c'affie back to cut desk, tne great Englishman said, ' I do not think I have been so impressed with anything else that I have seen since arriving ia this country as I am now with meeting thin barefooted boy in this read ing-room. What a tribute to democratic institutions it is to say that, instead of sending that boy out to wander alone in the streets, they permit him to come in here and excite his youthful imagination by reading such a book as the ' Life of Washington.' The reading of that one book may ehange the whole course of that boy's life, and may be the means of makiug him a useful, honorable, worthy citizen of this great cauntry. It is, I tBll you, a sight that impresses a European not accustomed to your democratic ways.' — Boston Herald. ANOTHSE STOB.Y OT TBS. CZiB.— The other day the Emperor of Russia gave a proof of his uncommon muscular strength at an entertainment at Fredensborg. A German -conjuror was entertaining the Royal and Imperial visitors of the Danish Royal family with clever tricks., and showed particular talent in the use and abuse of cards. After the performance Alexander III. went to the conjuror, saying chat he knew one card trick which Herr Lowe would hardly be able to do. This consisted ia tearing a bundle of 52 cards at the first attempt, a feat which ?he Emperor performed withoot tbe slightest difficulty, and -which the COD juror h»d to confeis was beyond his powers. 