General News. Navigable Balloons. — Great progress is said to have been made in the construction of navigable balloons at the aerostatic workshops at Ca'uis. In a few weeks a new balloon iAii#«i.iiic: vi utmg luvigdicu auu slcctcu iu any kind of wind, except a storm, will be sent up from the workshops. Captive Balloons. — An interesting ex periment has been made at Toulon with the object of demonstrating the utility of a captive balloon in observing from a considerable height the movements of an enemy's fleet. A naval officer seated in the car of a balloon was ia telephonic communication with die frigate In domptable, and signalled all that he could ob | serve from his elevated position. Anti - Slavery Societies. — Cardinal Langene, who is in Pans now, expresses him self well pleased with the result of his visit to England and Belguim. He says that he has asked Belguim for 100 volnnteers, and that France will give him 200. This will suffice for a start and the ' army' will increase every day. The Anti-Slavery Societies will (be free and independent, like the English one, and each will draw up its own rules and regulations The Cardinal reckons on German and Portu guese support. A Costly Volume. — An historic relic has just turned up in Paris. It is a copy of ' the I New Testament (London, 1656), and the book I oi Psalms (London, 1654), done up together in a beautiful silk embroidered cover ; the first has a portrait of Charles I. with a moustache I but no beard, the other a charming likfii-^ss of I Henrietta Maria with her many curls 10 whom I no c'oubt it belonged. Each portrait is sur 1 rounded by a little oval frame of silk cord, and 1 has a border of Sowers and insects at top and I bottom. It has two silver clasps. The linings I of the cover are of rose-coloured silk and tabby, j This book which is only 5^ inches high is ia I an excellent state of preservation. A Gang of Foreign Thieves.— An ex raordinary association of Austrian thieves, for he purpose of robbing Italian immigrants luring their passage through Paris, has just tieen discovered by the detective police of this ;ity. The members of the gang have their carious parts allotted to them. A certain num ber await the arrivals and departure of trains at die various stations and pi*jt out the victims to be operated upon. They easily ascertain those who are open to attack, and entering: tnto conversation with them inveigle them into cafes near the station where other mem bers of the band called operators succeed in fleecing them of their money. Three of the band have been arrested. Two worked at St. Lazare station, and the third at Lyons station. Peculiar Manxes, of Reading News paper. — The Governor of the Danish colony of Greenland is a wise man. as the following; story told of him in a Norwegian paper shows ; — He receives by the ship which brings him his annual supplies copies of die daily papers of Copenhagen for the year preceding. He arranges these papers in the order of their dates, and then quhlty and calmly reads a. paper each day, just as though it was fresh from the press. He is sometimes strongly tempted to peer into futurity by reading some papers ahead when he comes across interesting news ; but he resists the temptation no matter he a- anxious he is to know the fate of some measure. One day's paper for each day is a nils ; and so at the end of the year he is thoroughly familiar with the news of the preceding year. He says he is just as happy as though he pulled each day's paper off the press. M. Cherreul's Birthday. — M. Cherreul rose about 9 o'clock on his 103rd birthday. He appeared in good health and spirits, and received Colonel Lemat specially deputed by the National Institute of Washington to offer congratulations on the anniversary. Numerous visitors called at his residence during the day. Among others a gentleman from the Academy of Medicine, another from Angers, the native place of M. Cherreul, and many others all of whom were received with much courtesy by M. Cherreul the younger. Letters and tele grams came from all parts of the world, among which was one from Dom Pedro, the Emperor of Brazil. Presents ol flowers were sent by the National Society of Agriculture, and a splendid bouquet was sent in by the gardeners of the Jardin des Plantes. A great demonstration was made at Angers before the bouse in which M. Cherreul lived, in the Rere des Deux- Haies. An Imperial Wedding Dress.— Toe wedding dress of the Princess Laetifia Bona parte, sent to her by Empress Eugenic, was originally presented to the Empress among other gifts, by the town of Liege at her marriage to Napoleon IIL The pattern of this wonderful lace dress is formed of in numerable violets, the favourite flower of die Bonapartists, and die beautiful Spanish Princess has never worn it since her wedding day. A few weeks ago the robe, which represent a value ot at least 30,000 fr., arrived at the residence of Princess Laetitia,at Turin, and with it a. note from the Empress to the effect that she had always hoped to give the dress which she had worn during the proudest moment of her life to the bride whom her son Louis might choose, but the Almighty had willed it otherwise, and she would be glad if the Princess Laetitia wonld now wear it 00 her wedding day. The Empress added the wish that the Princess's happiness would rest on a firmer foundation than her own had done. 