CABLEGRAMS. [Fhom Qbeville'sTelsobam Oo,] LONDON. Thursday. Dr. Barry, Primate of Australia, has denied the report that lio has resigned tho See of Sydney, Dr. Hltibbs will retain the 8eo of Cheater until November next. No successor has yet been appointed. Disastrous floods have oocurred in variouQ parts of Austria. Several villages have been completely submerged, and a great number of persons were drowned in endeavouring to esve their property. Disastrous fires have broken out on the Italian frontier, and several villages have been completely destroyed. Widespread distress exists amongst the population, which consists mainly of the poorer classes. Tbo King of tha Netherlands, who haa attained his teventy-nrst year, is poriously ill, and it is feared that he will not recover. Cholera has broken out in Burmab, and is rapidly decimating tbo population of several provinces.-, ..Every precaution is being taken to prevent the British troops' from contract ing the epidemic, Thirteen large crocodiles, which were on cxliibitieu ot Hamburg, oeoaped and made for tho river Elbe. Up to the present they have not yet been recaptured, and the great est alarm prevails amongst the inhabitants. A detachment of marksman h<u been sent out to guard the banks, and, if possible, to destroy the monsters. Thibetans, to the number of several thonnand9, and all wall- armed, are again developing hostilities, and an attask on the British forces at Sekkim is momentarily expected. ? Mr Kdwnrd Wnk'ofield, editor of tho Wellington Evening Press, and a late mem ber of tho New Zealand Legislature, has written a letter to Tho 'dimet on the subject of tho proposed Chinese Restriction Immi gration Bill. He declares that the agitation tho Chinese is unnecessary, and protests against it, maintaining that it has been promoted for purely riolitloal purposes. The Emperor of Uermany's speech against tho non-Burrendor of Alsace-Lorraine is said to have been directed against the Danish, Alsaiiaa and Polish national aspirations, 