SHIPPING. May 23 -EURIMBLA, A.U.S.N. Companys s, lL'UO tons, Captain A AlLen, lime Melbourne and Sydney Passengers Mesdames Miles, It earshot and servant, Dr enthüll, Luughliinil, M L)eimutt,iiiil Price Fletcher, Misses Armstrong, Btenthiill, 1 Jiatwm, mail Captain M'Clemens, Messrs C J) Cleminson, J Miles, AV bnni)30)i, Luiighlaml, McDermott I Cooma, A AAr Tilbury, JJ built J Jviii"';m f li. Aiuistiomr, AV linked, Montagne, CntT, Must Miles, and IS in the steerage the 111 mid (IA Lump my, Limited, managing; agents May Jd EURA, s, 1186 tons, Captain V H Stanford, from -Melbourne and Sydney l'umBiiRcm Mebdnims li AV Preiss, 1 Ciuvloid, 1 Smith J Hampton, nail is Colley, Misses (J Linnell, bunch, Hogan, P Billie, Ince, J Oi luckshuiiltb, Stott, B Scott Messrs J Solomon, P W Wilson, H J'ieieo, J Holt, It Chance, J Jltpmtmd, O Wilson), V R Smith, J A AVndky, H A Walters, C M Newman, 1 Edgecombe, A li Archer unit Master Picture, nail 21 in the steerage April. to visit South and bone, January is, agents Mar 28 -(JULIA, JJ T S N Company's RM S Jeavons, Caplin J" E Withers, from London, via ports Passengers Miss Paul, Messrs F' dunlin,!-. Dunkin, J W Law, and J C Niven the 13 Fund GI A Company, Limited, managing agents At me BAY May 29 DUKE OF BUCCLEUCH, BISN Company's s, supplementary steamer, 262 tons, Captain ,t C J_,aiigloii>o, from London, til ports, with a score of cargo the J) I and G A Conquit), Limited, to winging agents May 19 -CULGOA, s., 63 tons, Captain A Goodall, from Noosa Passengers Mrs Law and children and Mr Law McGhie, Luya, and Co., agents. DEPARTURES. May2°.-CULCIOA.H ,ültons,CiiptninA Goodall, for Noumea Passengers Messrs D J Mac donald, Unrat, 1 Jii!lipa,M'Intyit, W James, T JJatiDiin, If Bonney, It Kelly, J? R Cull, 1 Cottell, 'liijloi.ttud'l in the steerage McGhie, Luya, and Co., agents. July) 28 -hilltop?, A U S N Company's s, 1919 tons, Captain J A, Meaburn, for Sydney Passengers "Messrs 'Turnbull, Martin, Thomas AV li Greenline (J C Sim, O R Wallace, and 15 in the steerage The III and li A Company, Limited, managing agents ENTERED IN WARDS May 28 ADONIS, s, 116 tons, Captain H Young, from Noora, with 28 6000ft beech logs Dull), Hender- son Din Iholomew and Co., agents. May As CULGOA, s, 63 tons, Captain A Goodall, from ROOM, with laOJOtt sawn June find it fruitful cargo JVI'Ohu , Jarvis, and Co , agents Iluy28-OllANGll GlOVE, barque, 159 tons, Captain Jas John Whiting, home Port lane, with Hum 'The Adelaide Milling and Mercantile Company, Limited agents May 29 - TAUSITAW, R, 72 tons, Captain L Thompson, from Maroochie, with 4<),OO0ft log pine, 2000 staves, 2000 dozen bananas, and a general cargo W Pettigrew and Son, agents CLEARED May 20 -ADONIS, a , 110 tons, Captain H Young, for Noosa, with a general cargo South, Ileudeiaoii, him Iholomew, and Co), agents Mary ss -CULGOA, a , 09 tons, Captain A Goodall, for Noosa, with a general cargo McGhie, Luya, and Co agents May 8 TO kONDIO, schooner, 62 tons, Captain C Dutch for Nambucca, in ballast. Brydon, Jones, and Co Ltd agents May -'3 - MAYFLOWER, ketch, 82 tons, Captain 0 11 enter, for Niiinbinui, in ballast from South Brisbane Sawmill ill Cc in my, agents May 21 -NORMANBY, a , 77 tons, Captain M Curtis, for Maroochie, in ballast durdin! and Son, agents May 23 -NDLLIL schooner, 281 tons, Captain Charles Scott, for Lands, with cargo Wallace and Welsby in ntH May 29-l'AUTIAW, s, 75 tons Captain J ilioinpsuii, for Mjrooolut, with a general cargo W Pettigrew and Son, agents IMPORTS. (A special charge made on consignees'' announcements lost reef in this column ) Eurimbla, s., from Melbourne and Sydney from Melbourne- 5 cases herrings, 2 cases colonial wine, of bags bark, KO bags potatoes, 15 bags onions, 2 cases cigars, 6 casks soda ash, 1 case capsules, 128 half chests tea, 50 boxes raisins, 2 packages furniture, 120 cases empty tins, 2 quarter-casks capsules, 60 bags potatoes, I case st winners, 200 bags float, 1 case essences, 6 cases biscuits, and sundry p leakages merchandise, from Sydney-90 half cases fruit, 8 cases and 1 cask and were I cask near Thorndale, 7 trunks boots, 24 quarter casks golden syrup, 3 rolls sheet lead, 40 cases pulp fruit, 5 cases point, 10 cases varnish, 2 cases polish, 1 case nuts, i cases 1 lines and I parcel drapery, 2 cases hardware, 1 box and 1 case stated, 1 half-chest tea, 10 cases tried whereas, 2 cases Scott's emulsion, 1 cases furniture, 79 cases oil, 16 cases sulphuric acid, sundry packages merchandise, and through cargo foi Maryborough, Bundaberg, and Burketown. Ranelagh, B , from Sydney : 400 bags flour, 1 cask earthenware, 25 kegs beef, 10 crates and 2 cases cheese, 1 case handles, 1 case gun caps, 1 case woollens, 1 case books, 2 cases machinery, J cast iron pieces frames, 4 cases and 4 p leakage furniture, 12 bags sawdust, 1 cusoiionraougciy, 1 cask bottles, 2 cases drugs, 1 case c iron, 1 case fancy goods, 1 cases boots and shoes, 1 boiler plates, 2 cases drugs, 2 cases hair, 6 cases axles, 1 case lamps, 1 bundle pole and shafts, 1 bundles rims, 1 case ironmongery, 3 casks lamps, 1 cask glassware, 4 cases bacon, 1 boiler plate, J crates earthenware, 20 bales flax, 1 case leather 1 case ironmongery, 2 cases musical instruments, 4 rolled joists, 1 case machinery oil, 2 cases glucose, 3 cases drapery goods, 1 case cotton goods, 450 casks cement, 2 packages Florida, water, 7 quarter- casks brandy, d drums oil, 1 case drugs, 11 boxes travellers samples, 300 cases fruit, 15 kegs butter, 2 cases photo goods, 12 cases fruit, 5 cases cruet, 2 dogs, and sundry packages merchandise Leura, s , from Melbourne and Sydney from Melbourne 150 cases stout, G less trees, ( 2 stoves, 200 bags potatoes, 316 bags onions, and SOO packages sundries from Sydney 160 cases fruit, 1050 iron, 70 cases stout, DEC pipes, 172 bags potatoes, 12 casks soda, 100 cases acid, 000 packages of undue?, and a quantity of through cargo for Northern ports. Orange Grove. barque, from Port Pirie 5215 oats 1020 h diseases and 2000 quarter-bags flour. EXPORTS Fitzroy, s, for Sydney 1 package leather, 1 pal coal stone, c packages ten, 2 bags pegs, 2 bundles poles, 3 poles, 1 case instruments, 1 case books, and sundries Dem ont s for Sydney 13 casks tallow, 18 hides sheepskins and hides, 1 bag hair, 6 bags horns, and sundry is b-LVAIEUb LEAVING For S} duty Leura at noon and Victoria at 3 pm. to-day is For Cooktown, via intermediate ports -Eunm bar at 3 p in to-day for Maryborough and Rockhampton Rane- high at 4 p.m. sold it for Townsville, via ports -You Yangs at 1 X) m to-day for Bundaberg direct Lady Musgrave at 5 p m to-morrow SHIPPING MOVEMENTS tuX.EN LA VI) Alice May, barque, is still at Cooktown Aiclu swedes, schooner, is still at Mackay A now, schooner, is now on he was to form Townsville) to Maryborough Anti, labour schooner, is still at Bundaberg Adonis, s , long list evening for Noosa i, w here she is due this morning Barcoo, s from Cooktown, for Brisbane, Sydney and Melbourne, Mr ports arrived off Townsville on Sunday afternoon, and probably left at midday } yesterday She was due at Bowen last night, and should be inch Keppel 13 ty to morrow morning Bulimba, s, from Brisbane, arrived off Townsville at 3 2 a m yesterday, and proba 16 le ives to-day on her return trip Barrabool, s aimed m Mt labourer yesterday morn ing, audiences to-morrow for Brisbane Birks gales was due at Normanton on Sunday from Brisbane, via ports, and leaves on Thurs day on her return trip Burwah, s for Melbourne, arrived in Sydney on Sunday, and leaves to-day Bessie Maud, schooner, is still in port Bungana, barque, is still it Kunbor lo} Borough Belle, schooner is still at Atuckny. Bertha, schooner, travel at Kimberley last Tuesday morning from Brisbane Barrangarry, ketch, from Nambucca, with a cargo of timber, was towed up the met yesterday morning by the steamer Mystery City of Melbourne, a , is still in port Corea, s, from Brisbane he lived at Townsville to -I am yesterday Coombs, keith, is now on her way from low neville for Maryborough Gulgo is left last evening for Noosa, where she is due this morning Cltiustiiun, brigantine, for Normanton, left the Brisbane roadstead during b saturday night, and passe I out from the Pilot Station at 1 is) a m on Sunday Catterthun, E and A Company's s, from Sydney for Hongkong, M'I ports, left Cooktown last Thursday week Crinoline, schooner, is still in Mary borough C Walker, schooner, is now at Townsville Curtin, a , for Cooktown u, via ports, left Keppel Bay at a 10 a in yesterday, and should reach Bowen this morning C Tobias, baiquo-Mtssis Bums, Philp, and Co have received advice to the effect that the barque C Tobias, SJOtonsiogistoi, is loading in London for Brisbane to thou agony Derwent, s , left yesterday for Sydney, where she is due to morrow Duke, winner, is still at Cooktown. Duke of Buccleuch, 118 N. Company 's supplementary steamer, from London, Mr ports, arrived off Cape Moreton at 9 30 a m yesterday, and anchored in the roadstead at 12 to Jim bbowillpiobobly be assisted up the river on the midday tide to-day, and will berth at Messrs Gibbs, Bright, and Co 'wharf, Kangaroo Point Dancing Wave, schooner, left Towns- ville on Friday evening for Maryborough Elamang S from Brisbane left Port Douglas at 2 p m yesterday, and was due at Cooktown on the evening. Eurimbla, s , arrived here yesterday forenoon from Melbourne and Sydney, and leaves at 3 p in to day for Cooktown, Mt ports She is due in Keppel Bay to-morrow evening Egmont, s for Rockhampton, aimed m Brenda- brig on Sunday evening, and probably left yesterday Ellangowan missionary schooner, left Cooktown last Thursday week for Port Moresby Fitzroy, s , left yesterday afternoon for Sydney, where she is due to-morrow I can, schooner is now at Cairns Friendship, schooner, left Mary borough on Tuesday last for Townsville Glanworth, s, was due in Sydney yesterday, and leaves to morrow for Rockhampton, via! ports Gazelle, barque, is still at townsville Giffin, schooner, is still at Cooktown Grace Darling, schooner, leaves shortly for Mackay with cargo Gouttol!, barque, is now in Brisbane Guthrie, s is still in Sydney Halley Bayley, schooner, for Normanton, cleared Cape Moreton on Wednesday evening Helen, barque, is now on her way from Adelaide for Brisbane Hobart, s , left on Thursday morning for Launceston, with cargo Isle of Anglesea, barque, will be taken round to Messrs J W Sutton and Co a wharf, Kim gave Point, to day in order to be fitted with a new uonbowsrmt Jennie Scott, ketch, is now Maryborough J G Kondio, schooner, cleared at the Customs yesterday for Nambucca, in ballast Kent, schooner, for Nambucca m b East, left the Pilot Station Moreton Island, on Thursday morning Kenilworth, schooner, from Cook- town for Maryborough, left Flat top Island last Saturday week Katoomba, s, for Melbourne, was due in Sydney yesterday Konoowarra, s, from Brisbane, was due in Rockhampton on Sunday night, and leaves to-day on her return trip Leura, s , arrived here yesterday morning from Melbourne and Sydney, and leaves at noon to-day on choristers trip She is due in Sydney on Thursday, and leaves on Saturday. The Leura made the passage from Sydney Heads to Cape Moreton in thirty-two hours L Laura, A schooner, is still at Mackay Lady Musgrave, s , Cleaves to-inoiiowattonioon foi Bundaberg Lismore, schooner, for Townsville for Newcastle, anchored off the Burnett Heads at 9 a m yesterday Maranoa, s, leaves Sydney to-day for Cooktown, and is due here on Thursday Mayflower, schooner, left Cooktown on Saturday morning for Maryborough May Queen, schooner, left Townsville last Saturday week for Brisbane Morning Light, schooner, is still in Bundaberg Marion, schooner, left Townsville on Wednesday morning for Maryborough Margal its, barque is still in port Mary Peverley, schooner, left Bundaberg on Saturday, bound North Moonta, schooner, is iiowinMaiyboiough May 1 lower ketch, cleared atthcCubtoms yesterday for Nambucca in ballast Martha Reid, schooner, left Maryborough on Wednesday for Townsville Collie, schooner, cleared at the Customs yes said by ici C runs with cargo. Nairnshire, barque, is still in port N rutilus, barque, left Townsville last Thursday week for the South Sea Islands Orange Grove, barque, from Port Pirie with a full cargo of flour, was reported at the Customs yesterday Parnell, schooner, is still at Townsville Pendle Hill, schooner, is now in Sydney Pacific, s , left Townsville on Thursday morning for Mary- borough Polly, s , arrived in Maryborough on Sunday night from Rockhampton Quiraing, s was due in Melbourne yesterday, and leaves to-morrow for Cooktown Quetta, B.I.S.N. Company's RMS, from London for Brisbane, via ports, with passengers, immigrants, and a general cargo, anchored in the Brisbane roadstead only yesterday morning, and came up the river on the midday tide, berthing alongside Messrs. Parbury, Lamb, and Co 's wharf, voutliBnsbano, early in the afternoon Ranelagh, B , leaves for Rockhampton at 1 p m to-day, is due in Maryborough at midday to morrow, and probably leaves in the evening Rockton, s , arrived in Sydney on Sunday from Alclbounio Roma, B.I.S.N. Company's R.M.S., for London, via ports, left Cooktown last Tut sday morning I Rodondo, s , left Melbourne on Saturday for Rockhampton, was due in Sydney yesterday, and leaves to-day Remus, barque, from Liverpool with a general cargo, was towed across the Bay by the tug Beaver yesterday morning, and anchored in the roadstead at 1115 a m Silvery Wave, schooner, is now on her way from Townsville for Brisbane Sarah Pile, schooner, lsstillatlownsnllo Stirlingshire, ship, for New Caledonia m band ballast, was towed to sea by the tug Beaver on Tuesday night Scottish Bard, bar jun, from London, was towed from the AVhiloCbfis, Hervey Bay, to Maryborough by the steamer Fitzroy on Saturday morning Sir Henry, schooner, for Nambucca in ballast, cleared Moreton Bay on Saturday night Sylvan, s , arrived in Maryborough yesterday for Mackay Swinger, II At gunboat, from Brisbane for New Guinea, passed Cape Capricorn on Saturday morning S A Hayward, ketch, arrive I at Townsville on Saturday morning from New Guinea Scottish Admiral, barque, from Glasgow with a Wengen and a general cargo arrived OF Cap J Aloietoii at 3 30 n m yesterday, after a pas age of ninety -four days She is consigned to the agency of Messrs D L Brown and Co Tom Fisher, schooner, leaves shortly for Townsville, with cargo Tannadice. E and A Company's s , from Hongkong, via ports, for Sydney, arrived at Port Darwin at 2 30 p in on Wednesday The Queen, schooner, for Port Mac piano in ballast, left the Pilot Station, Moreton Island at 6 30 p m vestcuUi Victoria, in , leaves for Melbourne at 3 p in to day is due in Sydney on Thursday, and leaves on b the d y Warrego, s, for Melbourne, arrived in Sydney on S and A and leaves to-day Wanganui, schooner is still in port Whaup, ketch, is now in Mary borough A astern Star schooner, is now bound for Sydney for Dungeness You Yangs, s, leaves at t pm to-day for Townsville via ports, is due in At a j borough at midday to-morrow, and probably leaves in the avenue Y nialia, s from Brisbane, was due in Bundaberg on Sunday Yeoman, s 13 now 111 Sydney Ysabel, s, left Cooktown at 7 To 1111 jostadayfoi German New Guinea INTErCOLONIAL A lot mile, s , left Sydney on Saturday for Adelaide Afghan, n, unveil 111 Sydney on Saturday from Newcastle Ardmore, barque uri in ed in Melbourne on Saturday from the Manning Hair meet, s 10s SA buoy on Saturday for Melbourne, where she was due yesterday Changsha, s arrived in Sydney on Sunday from Hongkong Dupleix, French mail steamer, left Sydney on Saturday for Noumea Elwell, ship, arrived in Sydney on Sunday from New York Elingamite s , left Melbourne on Saturday for Sj dues, while she was due j yesterday Gabo, s., arrived in Melbourne on Sunday from Sydney Gambier, 0 , arrived in Sydney on Sunday from Melbourne state asking 11, North German Lloyd's h M S li in Sydney for Bremen, outports, was due at Adelaide j ester day Llandudno, (ship, arrived in Melbourne on Sunday from London T A Nicholas has quo, arrived in Sydney on Saturday from Hamburg Kti we eat J , aimed at Adelaide on Sunday from New miallo Moreton, s , left Sydney on Saturday for Launceston. Menimin, D and A Company's s , left Sydney on Sunday j for Hongkong, via ports 38 runs, barque, aimed in Melbourne on Saturday from Rottcuium Poonah ship, arrived in Sydney on Saturday of Four Lou Lou He pleaded 1, ship, arrived in Melbourne on Saturday from Lnapool Riverina, s, from Sydney for London, left Adelaide on Saturday I Rockton, s arrived in Sydney on Sunday from Melbourne Royal Star, barque, left Sydney on latter day for Honolulu Salu/io.rionoh millstones, arrived in Sydney on S Reid ty from Noumea Tagliaferro, s , left Melbourne on Saturday for Sj d by 1 naming, s , arrival in Melbourne on Saturday iiouiNowcii the Wakatipu, s, arrived in Sydney on Sunday from Wellington Captain II Stanfoidropoits that the Luna, s , left the camp my saw half at 2 JO p m on the 10th instant, bound 11 Sugarloaf Point at 10.50 passed Smoky Clio at 7 -0 a 111 on the 27th, rounded C tpo Moreton at 2 10 a.m. on the 28th, and mined in harbour at 7.10 BA licensed long South-west wind, will higH southe tal swell to Smoky C tpo Thence to Bns li mo light variable win li and moderate swell She was driving left 8111 when she enters the liver and, although only lift Our wiisshowuon the Pile Lighthouse, she never touched any where The passage trout Heads to Houlsouly occupied Unit j -five months Captain A M loan reports that thoLuiimbla, , left Melbourne on 23rd instant reached Sydney on the 25th Ruled again on the following day at 2 i J JJ III and arrived at Bush Inn at 10 10 a.m. on the 28th Dvponeneel south and south 0 isle by we miss and one of deaths throughout the p tss age MID RMS QUETTA The B.I.S.N. Company's RMS Quetta, Captain J E Withers, from London, via ports, with passengers, mining acts, and a general can also mined and anchored in the Brisbane roadstead early yesterday morning. She was assisted up the men on the mid hay while by the Bolt), berthing alongside Messrs Parbury, 1 limb, and Co's wharf, South Brisbane, early in the afternoon the Bush ino contingent of boy immigrants were immediately translated to the Boko, which landed than at the new depot, Kang 1100 Point line Quetta discharged 15 tons of cargo at Thursday Island, also 9') tons for Normanton, 300 tons at Cooktown, 0 tons at Hotten, 25 tons at Mackay, 329 tons at towns- ville, 99 tons at Rockhampton, and has now on board 40 tons for Maryborough, 11 tons for Bundaberg, and about 1500 tons for Brisbane Mr T Ayliffe lobby, who came out here in the RMS Jumna on the occasion of her maiden voyage to Queensland, is now purser of the R.M.S. Quetta He furnishes the following particulars concerning the voyage. - the li M S Quetta left London on 5th April, at 1.30 p in and 1111 seed oil Malta on the 15th it was not intended to call at this port, but owing to a slight decide not to some of the machine it was deemed habitable to go 111 She left Malta again at 6 a.m. on the 11th, arrived at Port Said on the 17th, at 2 JO p m , left Suez at 5 a.m. on the Ulli and aim oil at Aden at 10 In p.m. on the 23rd The P and MS Valetta arrived at 1 p.m. on the 24th, and the mails were transferred at i j) in aid the Quetta left Aden at 2 p in for Colombo, where she arrived at 9 15 am on the 2nd May, and left that port again at 11 p in Biuno day Batavia was reached at 135 pm on 6th instant, and left again after coaling at 5-10 a m 011 the 10th instant arrived at Thursday Island lit 0 15 a m on the 10th instant, and hit again at 6 15 p in same day and iv 0 1 at Cooktown at (6 5 i 11 m on the 21st, discharged cargo and landed 15 emigrants, and left at u 15 p) m same day, and be off Townsville at 4 uO p.m. on the 22nd, and landed 108 emigrants, 1 were landed at Bowen, 20 at Mackay, and 3 at Rockhampton The total number of souls brought on to Brisbane was 172 emigrants, besides 5 saloon passengers namely, Mrs Paul, Mr P Gordon, Mr L Donkin, Mr J W Law, and Mr ) O Niven On leaving London the Quetta had 121 emigrants on board They were placed under the charge of Dr C R Woodward, na Burgoon aupeuiitetidout, and Mrs Gunn us milton Two deaths of ensued during the voyage, 0110 adult and one child The pass it was enlivened by several lileah real entertainments VESSELS i O ARRIVED -MAY 27 Alexandra, ship, 1192 tons, from London, for Brisbane Sailed 16th February Subsequently put into Madeira disabled and returned to London to refit Ardmore, ship, 692 tons, from London, for Brisbane Sailed 12th March, and left Start Point on the 10th Burns, Philp, and Co., agents Aitiduca Rodolfo, Austrian barque, 8oo tons, from London for Brisbane Sailed 7th March, and anchored off Dover 011 the 9th, leaking in Portland Roads 15th March Barunga, barque, 1030 tons, from Liverpool for Brisbane. Sailed 15th Mai cb Bertha, Gann in b bque, 337 tons, from New York for Brisbane Sailed 21st March Quinlan, Gi n, and Co., Limited, agents C Tobias, barque, 830 tons, from London, for Brisbane Loading Messrs Burns, Philp, and Co., agents Charles Bal, Norwegian b uque, 721 tons, from Puget Sound for Townsville Loading in Much Clan M'Leod, b aqua, Gallons from New York for Brisbane to sul2UthMuich Chili, barque, 678 tons, from London, for Cairns Sailed title 1 one way, and was spoken on the 28th February in last 25deg N, and long 29deg W Duke of Buccleuch, BISN Company's B, 19/2 tons, from London for Brisbane, via ports Sailed 22nd March, and left Suez on the 9th April Now coming down the Queensland coast The B I and Q.A. Company, Limited, managing agents Dorunda, BISN Company's RMS, from London for Brisbane, vi 1 ports Sailed 2nd May The B I and Q.A. Company, Limited, managing agents Duke of Sutherland, BISN Company's sup- plementary steamer, 2034 tons from London for Brisbane, via ports Sailed 17th April, via Suez 3rd May The BI audQA Company, Limited, managing agents 1 lei tr 1 ship, 655 tons, from Glasgow for Bris- bail until 17th March Messrs D L Brown and Co., agents.. 1 Francisco Golusso, barque, 427 tons, from 61 gow, for Brisbane S tiled 226 1 1 February Messrs J L Brown and Co., agents Glance, ship, 533 tons, from London for Brisbane Sailed oulho2?thMaic'i, and an chored in the Downs on the 18th, thence 27th Glenhuntly, barque, 647 tons from New York for Brisbane To sail 20th April Gryfe, ship, 1069 tons, from Glasgow, for Brisbane Sailed p 101 to 16th April Messrs D L Brown and Co., agents. Gunga, barque, 696 1903, from London for Townsville Loading on the 30th March Heinrich Bauer, German ship, 979 tons, from Hamburg to Brisbane Loading 17th February love birds", 520 tons, from London, for Townsville. Sailed on the 21st March Iron Crag, barque, 327 tons, from London for Brisbane. Sailed 17th March. Messrs. Parbury, Lamb, and Co., agents. Ladstock, barque, 810 tons, from London for Brisbane. Sailed 31st March. Quinlan, Gray, and Co., agents. Duke Samoa, barque, 334 tons, from London, for Mackay. Sailed on the 24th February, and passed Deal on the 25th. Low Wood, American barque, 1091 tons, from New York for Brisbane, via Adelaide. Cleared 30th March. Wallace, Warren, and Co., agents. La Fiducia, barque, from New York, for Brisbane. Parbury, Lamb, and Co , agents. Margaretha, German barque, 747 tons, from London for Rockhampton. Stilled prior to the 17th April. Oamaru, brigantine, 156 tons, from Auckland for Brisbane, sailed 15th April. Orion, German barque, 500 tons, from Hamburg, for Brisbane. Sailed 3LO April. Messrs. D. L. Brown and Co., agents. Peru, barque, 233 tons, from London for Brisbane, sailed prior to the 20th April. Quetta, B.I.S.N Company's R.M.S., from London, for Brisbane, via port., Sailed on the 20th April, via Port Said 17th April. Noweoimng down the Queensland coast. The B.I. and Q.A. Company, Limited, rearranging agents. Ramons! rant, barque, 1065 tons, from Maryport for Maryborough: To sail 10th April. Ruittrewslme, ship, 898 tons, from Glasgow for Brisbane, To sail falls April. River Judging, ship, 1065 tons, from Liverpool!, for Brisbane. To sail 15th April. Parbury, Lamb, and Co., agents. Scottish Admiral, ship, 989 tons, from Glasgow, for Brisbane. sailed 23rd February, and left Greenock on the 24th. Spoken on the 20th March in lat. 1 7deg. N., and long. 23deg. AV. Messrs. L). L. Brown and Co., agents. Snefrid, Norwegian barque, 520 tons, from Boston, for Brisbane. Sailed 23rd February. Scottish Lassie, barque, 352 tons, from London, for Maryborough. Sailed 3rd March, and was at, Plymouth on the 5th March, ibeuoal3th. Shalimar, barque, 983 tons, from London for Brisbane, suite I prior to the 17th April. Wticlui'iOtt, American ship, 450!) tons, from New- York, for Brisbane. To sail 15th February. Wave Queen, barque, 233 tons, from London for Brisbane. To sail 25th April. Willie M'Lureu, barque, 669 tons, Captain W. Lnidmuu, from Puget Sound for Normanton. Loading 1st April. Burns, Philp, and Co, agents. VESSELS IN HARBOUR. MAY 27. Diiloiiiry, barque, 491 tons, from London at Normanton. Burns, Philp, and Co., agents. Clyde, barque, 320 tons, from Glasgow; at Mackay. Flora, schooner, 114 tons, from the South Sea, Islands, via Mackay. Parbury, Lamb, and Co., to goal a. Gazelle, barque, 330 tons, Captain P. Munro, fruit London at Townsville. Burns, Philp, and Co., agents. Isle of Anglesea, barque, 725 tons, from Liverpool. Parbury, Lamb, and Co., agents. J". G. Kondio, schooner, Captain Charles Bruce, from Nambucca. Margarita, barque, 799 tons, from Port Gamble. James Campbell and Sons, agents. Mayflower, schooner, 62 tons, Captain Charles O. Hanson, from. Nambucca. The South Brisbane Saw-mill Company, agents. Nairnshire, ship, 965 tons, from Glasgow. D" L. Brown and Co., agents. Nellie, brig, 281 tons, Captain Charles Scott, from Townsville, via Marble Island. Wallace and Welsby, agents. (cargo Grove, barque, 385 tons, Captain Gittinltie, from Port Pirie. The Adelaide Milling and Mercantile Company, Limited, agents. Para, brig, 252 f ear, Captain William Forbes, for the South Sea Islands. Remus, barque, 737 tons, from Liverpool, Quinlan, Gray, and Co., agents. Scott was Hard, barque, 810 tons, from London at Maryborough. Vordiindi, Danish schooner, 299 tons, Captain V. Dwyaor.froin London at Cooktown. Burns, Philp, and Co., agents. Wanganui, schooner, 78 tons. Captain James Duncan, from Townsville, via Mai bro Island. Zuiirak, Norwegian barque, 595 tons, from New York. Ardill, Brown, and Co., agents. SHIP MAILS. Mails will! be made up and closed at the General Post like as under : TOWNSVILLE, COOKTOWN, TmnmnAY ISLAND, PORT DARWIN, AND IIONOKONCI.-l'or Tsinan, s., at 9.15 a.m. to-morrow (Wednesday). UNITED KINGDOM, PER P. AND O. STEAMER. For registered letters, packets, and newspapers, at 4 p.m. ordinary letters, at 1.30 p.m.; and late-fee letters, at 5 p.m. to-day (Tuesday). RooKitAstriON, MACKAY, BOWEN', DOWNS vizER, CARDWELL, CAIIINS, POJITDOUOLAS, AND COOKTOWN Per Eurimbla, s., at 235 p.m. to-day (Tuesday). MARYBOROUGH, GYMPIE, ONE-MILE, SUNDAY visits, AND ROCKHAMPTON For Ranelagh, s., at 3.15 p.m. to-day (Tuesday). MACKAY, TOWNSVILLE, AND CARTS. Per You WANTS, a., 1113.15 p.m. to-day (Tuesday). BuNDAiiEiiQ AND MAUYUOHOUQII.-Per Lady Musgrave, s., at 4.15 pm, to-morrow (Wednes day). The Premier (says the Melbourne Argus) is at present taking steps to ascertain the exact bonoflts which have accrued from the aid rendered by the Mines Department to the mining industry from the expenditure of the prospecting vote of £85,000 granted by Parliament. Mr. Gillies states that while he is not altogether satisfied with the general results, still it is unquestionable that the assistance afforded to those engaged in mining pursuits has given a great impetus to the industry. Now fields have been discovered in different parts of Victoria, and districts which have been awaiting development have been fairly well tested through the instrumentality of the grant. in instances where companies have been enabled to continue their workings, the sum allowed to them has placed them in a position to open up new ground from which satisfactory yields have been obtained. The particulars relating to the expenditure of the vote, however, have not yet keen collated and summarised, and until that shall have been done no definite idea can be gained of the effect of the grant upon the industry. Mr, Gillies adds that the information now in his possession does not justify him in stating that he will increase the amount of the prospecting vote next your. 