SUMMARY FOR EUROPE. POLITICAL. it is pretty generally known that the Government does not intend to call Parliament together again until the usual date early in June The chief measures in the Ministerial programme will be an Electoral Bill for the division of the country into single electorates, and re- vision of the tariff" As to the first question the colony is now divided into electorates returning variously from one to three members, but, for some years, the absolute adoption or a considerable extension of the single electorate system his to very many persons, appeared inevitable As an experiment, at all events, the measure of the Government will be welcomed by a large section of the colonists With regard to the tariff, it is understood that the Government does not intend to propose wholesale changes, but only to correct unintentional errors of omission and commission, and anomalies It is not likely that the Government will, in this connection, submit any proposition which would had of the effect of increasing the obstacles in the way of intercolonial federation Some industries, however, are exigent and on the alert A few days ago proper sale of the Victorian Farmers' Protection Association that there should be a 25 per cent of { valorem tax imposed upon imported stock, and that the excise duty on to bacco should be abolished, were brought under the notice of the Commissioner of Trade and Customs by that body Mr Vyalker promised that the representations of the deputation would have due consideration by the Government. He, however referred to the difficulty of valuing stock for the purposes of all valorem duty, and the danger of disturbing the relations at present existing between the colonies, by which the Victorian farmers profited so much. "With regard to the tobacco industry, he said that already the local manufacturers provided for half the consumption of Victoria, and that if the excise duty were abolished there would be a loss of revenue to which Parliament would be very unlikely to agree. 'The Premier and Chief Secretary have also been interviewed by the Farmers' Protection Association with respect to certain of the resolutions passed at the recent farmers' conference, Mr. Gillies said that the proposal to throw open for settlement Crown lands adjacent to goldfields would he brought under the consideration of the Government, who would also be glad to aid in the creation and development of new industries in connection with the country districts. The Premier was surprised to find that the farmers expected the Government to grant a bounty on exported wheat as well as to effect a consider able reduction in the railway rates for the carriage of agricultural produce and live stock. He expected these, two demands to be submitted as alternative proposals, and of the two he would prefer to make a reduction in the rates. The combined pi opossums would niveN of a great financial difficulty, which would require the gravest consideration. The farmers were assured that a root sanitation of the department of Agriculture would be made to increase its practical usefulness to pastoralists, f rivers, and gardeners. The Chief Secretary promised favourable consideration to a proposed amendment of the Licensing Act, intended to pro-. cut adulteration and to encourage the use of Victorian hops, and he welcomed the resolution of the conference with respect to the reform of Parliamentary represent itton, on the ground that it supported the policy of the Gov eminent, which was in favour of dividing the colony into single electorates Subsc patently representatives of the Tanners Curriers, and Leather Traders' Union waited on the Commissioner of Customs with the object of advocating the imposition of certain duties on its 1 01 ted leather of a mous classes These night led duty of Super cent (ad valorem on dressed leather is, a fixed rate of duty of 10s per dozen on if they leathers, i duty of -4s per gross on leather boot laces, and the inclusion of two or three lines in the free list for the purpose of compensating trades which might be affected by the alterations llioMintstor expressed his willingness to give the re quest of tito depot Witton every considera- tion but pointed out that it would be desirable to obtain the opinions of the war is dependent on leather for raw or semi before doing any thing in the matter SOCIAL AND GENERAL. His Excellency the Governor has received from the Pr over, and forwarded to the Secretary of State for the Colonies, the report desired by Lord Salisbury on the exceptional legislation passed by the Parliament of this colony with reference to Chinese immi (grunts Mr Gillies points out that the Legislature found it necessary to restrict Chinese numeration, the number of Chinese in Victoria having increase 1 from 2,000 in 1901 to 42 000 in the Owing to the influence of the poll tax the stream of Chinese immi cordite m derated and large numbers mean while returned to China so that by 1863 the Untase i population of the colony had in creased to 40,000 The poll tax was removed, but in ISM the colonists again became alarmed and restrictions were reimposed The fraudulent use of letters of naturalisation caused a revival in Chinese immigration, but part motions were taken to prevent the abuse as THe as possible The reason for special ¡ legislation towards the Chinese, Mr Gillies [ explains, in found in the totally different I character of Chinese immigration from all other immigration The -chinese come here without their women and children, upper rent!) having no intention to settle, and they occupy an tanl lied position in every conv mu nil), the "Chinese quarter" in our cities and principal towns living always distinct, and often notorious '1 the unfair competition of the Chinese the Premier adds, has been severely felt in several branches of industry Mr Gillies reminds His excellency that are strictive merinos have been adopted by dululu na I british Columbia, and expresses a hope that the Imperial Government will see fit to discuss its Julie nee on behalf of the colonies h) endeavouring to induce the Government of China to take measures for preventing emigration to Australasia similar to the measures adopted at the instance of the buried States of America 'lite Premier of New bill Union remains in the opinion il-preawl by Mr Gillies the Premier him mined communication from Sir Henry) Parkes in reply to the letter requesting the Governments of New South Wilesmith the other colonies to cooperate with the Government of Victoria in sub during an] English firm who are willing, on certain favourable terms, to establish a liberal small arms ammunition factory) near | ""luxuries. Mr Henry Charles expresses the minium flint tin- proposed factory would be more in a \ Rotorua than a friend institution, stal says that his Government can scarcely consent tustippuct the establishment alter all tiieiirehminaries have been arranged in Mel minnie, even to the selection of a site, with, nut may consultation on the subject, Mr. vu less, in replying to this communication, by mi» out that the proposal of the Colonial A Rumanian Factory in Melbourne was not sir. wired by the Victorian Government. It Iwîiml"V"",'.0","11""-''1 that "">' Portion of the bonus should be paid In New South Wales, has (still Hua t|1(,j. "iguana a" far co-operate in «niuitileruiltuiKiw to procure their supply of ST!??" v"" 1,: Factory- the! 8in of.? a, Victorian"" Government will Slip nt,,,! Pf'lCl,'ry F New South Wales can By they ' Whitney to place it in The Commissioner of Customs and Mr. Í.í,m!>0í'!l,l!l,''íl,il!í 2-speed'' of distilleries, San., i '9 Melu»1<"ie less Beechworth on " event "at 4's 'having visited a serious" falling on some Kay Tiver. On Thomas',? Warring Jtt- Utility »eo-IVCll a 2i'0.V'f arm"". interested in the lining"."" .'"! Government recognised the lif af, i ac iV' Ah" ministry, and were desirous devil in "I "VI' this' could to Uranium Ita OevflupmeiiL he was willing to recommends the abolition of the lockers fee of £150 per annum if it could be shown that it would con- duce to the establishment of factories , but it would be advisable to require that each firm should turn out a certain quantity of manufactured tobacco, as otherwise small and in- efficient factories would be started in all parts of the country. One of the reasons why more colonial lent was not used was that it was not equal in quality to the imported tobacco, and, with the view of encouraging growers to devote more time and attention to the cultivation of the plant he suggested that the Government should offer three prizes for the best crop In view of the serious effect it would have on the revenue, he could not see his way to recommend the abolition of the excise duty on colonial tobacco, but he thought that the proposal that the excise duty on imported tobacco should be increased was worthy of consideration The Government have decided to gazette the appointment of Lieutenant Colonel Brownrigg as commandant of the military forces in succession to Colonel Disney (who is returning to England, as soon as they shall have received the official communications from the Imperial authorities giving their consent to the renewal of the engagement of Lieutenant Colonel Brownrigg for a further period of 12 months, dating from the 1st September next, of Lieutenant Colonel Walker for a term of six months, and of Major Fellowes for 18 months. This will enable the Government to arrange for a more gradual chairs at the headquarters I staff, b) engaging Imperial officers required singly from year to year, so that while avoiding the disadvantages which would naturally attend the departure of the entire stnlTntone time the Government will like wise secure the benefit of the latest developments in military matters, and keep more closely in touch with the War Office. The annual commencement of the University of Melbourne took place on Saturday afternoon, April 7th, in the Wilson hall Port) one graduates, were admitted to various degrees, three of them being ladies, and a numbered degrees were conferred ad centum upon graduates of other university s The chancellor delivered the usual address, in which he recorded the most conspicuous events which had occurred in connection with the university during the past year, particularly in regard to the extensive provision which was being made for practical teaching Professor Morris in his capacity of president of the professorial b ian!, also made an interesting speech, in which justice was done to several gentlemen closely connected with the establishment of the silver city, and some idea was given of its pile nominal pn gress Alluding to the suggestion recently made that the University might become a great pal) technic school, Professor Morris said that it would be much better, perhaps, to have a polytechnic school attached to the University The study of principles rather than the implication of them should be the work of the University itself 'I he under graduates were present in strong force, and behaved rather boisterously during the proceedings, 'The University Council have declined an offer made by a lady to give in successive years four prizes of 110each for lady students in the medical course, on the ground that the donor proposed to exclude from participation in the prizes all scholars educated in state schools, the offer was made through the Chief Secretary in his private capacity, and as the lady declined to withdraw the condi- tion, the council saw no alternative but to decline the money, as the restriction would cast a slur on the state school system, and would form a precedent for the establishment of close scholarships. 'His estimate for receipts and expenditure in connection with the University for the ensuing year shows a deficiency, and the council have determined to apply to the Government for an more istd grant, and for a sum of 214 "60 for building purposes The Hastie bequest of 5000 is to form the nucleus of an endowment fund for the University. and the annual income from it is to be applied as part of the current revenue 'The constitution of the orchestra for the Centennial International I Exhibition has been completed It conspire s Ob instrumentalists, with Mr rredericCuwcn as conductor With the exception of a few players on special in Btrument. who have been engaged in Europe tho whole of the members of the orchestra are professional musicians belonging to Victoria and the adjacent colonies s With the powerful and efficient chorus which is being organised the commissioners hope to give concerts of a very superior class, and to pro notice works that have never before been performed in the colonies V space in the main building is to be enclosed for the purpose of a concert hall which will seat about 3000 persons The Premier recently addressed to Admiral Fairfax commander of the British Naval Squadron on the Australian station, a communication inquiring whether the Imperial vessels in Australian waters would take part in the naval di illustration which it is proposed to her during the term of the Len tennial Exhibition Mr Gillies has received a reply from Admiral 1 useful, who stated that it would give him the greatest pleasure to allow the naval squadron to p trucks etc in the manoeuvres, providing the exigencies of the service would permit The Rev Dr T Marshall Lang, who has been for the last four months temporarily) occupying the pulpit of the Scots Church, Collins street, Left Melbourne on Tuesday afternoon by the express train for Sydney whence he will proceed to Scotland by way of America. Previous to his departure he was entertained at luncheon at Scotts Hotel by the trustees and managers of the Scots Church, and was presented by them with an address thanking him for his enlightened and able pulpit services, and for his genial and funds) concern for the young The Rev A Marshall, the new minister, arrived on the same day the Minister of the Water Supply has authorised the permanent survey of the Murra Murra reservoir, which will be the largest in the colony, having a storage capacity of 6,000 million gallons the war is to be used for the formation of and lands in West U mi nie ra, an 1 als i for stock and domestic supply purposes throughout the district. The reservoir will be constructed by the Government its a national work subject to the local boil les allowing that they are prepared to provide the subsidiary) works required to utilise the water The cost of the order taking is estimated at Uli 000 'the lost yacht Cutty Sark has been found sunk in 27ft of water off Point Cook, and there is now no doubt that the party that left Melbourne in her on Good 1 misty morning for Werribee have been drowned The names of the party are in William Grundy Claude Hadley, Alfred J 1 Faulkner, and Frederick Faulkner. On Monday) morning a railway accident of an alarming character occured at Wodonga. The station was full of c cattle trucks, and at the time at which the express train from b) I ney was due shunting operations were being conducted, which obstructed the main line the distant and home signals were kept at "danger but Driver Stewart, of the express, does not appear to have paid attention to them as he ran his train past the distant signal at full speed, and when he reached the home signal he was still travelling at about five miles an hour. There is a sharp curve in the line at this point, and Stewart was unable to see the obstruction that was on the line until he was close upon it. The result was that a collision took place The shock did not cause any serious injury to the express nor to the passengers, but several of flic trucks of the goods train that was be in? shunted were thrown off the line, contorted, and seriously damage The in Williamstown Town Council are do stream of having a tunnel constructed under the bed of the river Yarra, to in the Sand a ridge road, Port Melbourne, at an estimated a cost of the 000 The river is at present j crossed li) a steam is Fri The Minister of Public Works having been asked to commis j sion an officer of the department to report as to the feasibility of the scheme, has promised to give the request his favourable con! sideration 1 Be tender of Messrs M Master and Stan more has been accepted for the. construct!! a in the line of railway from Birregurra to 2 Cape Otway Forest The line is to be completed by December 21 His Honour Judge Cope has resigned his position as a judge of the County Court, Mr J B Hamilton has been appointed to the vacant seat on the land The Minister of Agriculture has promised to favourably consult r a request for grant of ir' OCT) for the purpose of establishing a model d ury plant and exhibiting it in work through the districts of the colony in which dairying is largely carry I on It is proposed to work the plant under the cover is of a joint committee of gentlemen resident in the country who have In km an active in terest in dear) tng and di h Mdt s for in the N i tional Agriculture Society of Victoria at whose next show it is pro posed to exhibit the plant in full work Commander It 11 M Collins A V has been app In ful seen tar) of the LMciicc de partment at a s liar) of 277 per annum, in succession to Major time. of ladies who retired Lieutenant Hely) Hutchinson li is by II appointed Lieutenant cunning idea of the furniture naval h reis Hie i figure duties on the Victorian rail winds have bikini an agitation against Mr Allison D) Smith dr pim lue inactive sut inn tendent Hay charged him with mala I ministration and asked that an independent bo ltd of experts should be appointed to inquire into his fitness for his present post tion the Railways Comm showers have declined to comply with the request. The half yearly muster, of the Congo go their Union was held at C ruling last week under the presidency of Hill Ltd v W Currie, of Keyneton The hen J L Ball) reported that over 117 000 had been promised to the jubilee land and that it was proposed to hold an internal mal confer with and musical ' festival lil cuiiueettun with the Jubilee eels bration It was resolved to form an association for the cultivation of psalmody Serious bush fires by which thousands of acres of grass and miles of fencing were destroyed, occurred last week in the Kilmore district, _ SPORTING The final day of the Australian Jockey Club meeting, which was being held when the last and lett was marked by unpleasant hot weather The Hon W A. Long's Dainty won the Rous Handicap, beating . Southerly Buster and Touchstone. The Place Handicap was won by Mr J Mayo's The Queen and the same gentleman carried off the Steeplechase with Ravensworth Mr P Monaghan's M mail came in first of a big held in the Second Nursery Handicap. The Australian Jockey) Club Plate the principal event of the day was contested by only three horses viz Abercorn Australian Peer and Arsenal and they finished in that order The 1 mail Handicap fell to Mr L key a Non sense At a sale of Mr T S Clibborn s racehorses on In li) April 6 Mr 1 Weeks purchased at top prices Lpicurcan Mirella and three others for export to India Walter Macalpine the curator of the Melbourne Cricket "round 1 died rather suddenly from the effects of a cold on Saturday April 7 The excellence of the cricket pitches prepared by him on the M G C ground in side him well known to all English players who have visited the colonies The second installment of the stake money in the forthcoming sculling match between Hanlan and I kemp was made on Monday April 1 1! th men are actively) preparing for their meeting llielernstdo Bicycle Club sports held on the Melbourne Cricket ground on Saturday were well attended 1 The Scratch Mile Race was won by E Elliott in 3min 5sec. The Professional Race was won by Mitchell, who score 1 the highest number of points in three instances the English team of footballers arrived at Hobart on April 18 and were welcomed by the mayor of that city MONETARY AND COMMERCIAL. The Argus Office, Thursday Evening Since our last fortnightly summary, affairs general!) have been rather active in nearly every department, and the monetary and commercial condition of the colony continues to indicate great prosperity. Of the Melbourne banks which report as at 31st March three (the Colonial, the City, and the Federal) have already issued balance sheets, which indicate a const derable expansion of banking business The sworn averages of the banks for the March quarter are now being published, still out of the twelve having appeared The total average deposits, coin and bullion, and advances of these eight banks compare as follows with the totals for the December quarter - Iticreaso Deposits Billious Advance 84 010 1 CO 89 So far as it goes tina comparison in favour able, showing a proportionate increase under each head named The extraordinary activity in operations affecting banking business may be gathered from the Melbourne bank clearing house returns, which showed that for the last three weeks (covering 1 aster) the total clearance was £17,G17,SSO, against 110 S(i7,02'J for the corresponding period of lost, the increase being £7,¿oO,S.">l lins increase is due principally to transactions on the exchanges Business in property continues good To day) an Life beth street frontage of bott, 2in was sold for £78,200, being at the rate of £1 200 per foot. Other transactions in city property have also taken place at good prices The formation of two or three large land " banks " has also given a stimulus to dealings in suburban property, and helped to harden the high prices given for some time past There is no doubt that the remarkable movement of the last ten months has been aided by the influx of British capital-by private agency The investment of this capital has in a large measure led to the always increasing accumulation of home capital being directed into speculative enterprise touched lately to any great extent by specula- tion. It has therefore worn a quiet appearance, but at the same time its volume, preceding in regular channels, has been large. Both the town and the country distributing business hive on the whole yielded satisfactory results, although proving in some departments are hardly as good as they were in the closing months of ibb. The export trade in breadstuffs, which has been dragging since the season opened, has almost came to a standstill, excepting for occasional parcels by berth vessels, which carry toe a freight low enough to justify Shippers in giving the rates which have been current for wheat. The market has developed weakness, and business is not easy to transact. Millers as well as shippers do not care to operate. The volume of the business has not been large, and the value has gradually given way, so that 3s. 4d. to 3s. 5d. In a lull quotation, showing a decline of 18d. since we last wrote. The market has been unsettled by its having transpired that of three vessels taken up to arrive for the purpose of earning wheat Either, one is loading a gemini I cargo instead, while the charters of the other two will probably be cancelled. Nearly all the sailing tonnage coming to Australian ports has been fixed to go to Culitormo. The prospects of much further shipping business in wheat from this port are therefore clouded. Flour is quoted at the same price as a fortnight ago, 17 5s. being accepted for export parcels During the fortnight a considerable quantity of Mauritius and China stig it has been sold at unaltered prices, finest whites have been sold it for 10s Drown sugars relatively have, fetched high prices, say let G To 117. Sales of American granulated, crushed chest, and., have also been made at prices commensurate with the quotation for whites just given. The sugars named have been in store for some time past, An increased consumption of tea gives life to the home trade, but the re export trade continues to drag. On Saturday last, Hill mat, the bonded stocks of tea exceeded line of corresponding date last year b) 421 chests, 13,240 half cheats, and l.,o7! boxes, or by say 750,0001b, It is now certain that a larger stock will have to be carried forward into the new season than was at first anticipated. Prices of good China teas continue fairly satisfactory. A Hale of Indian teas, compris- ing 1,300 packages, was held on Tuesday last, when line teas, which are not particularly wanted in this market, went cheap, lower grades, suitable for blending, team bring full rates. In itself a good business in the tigers gate has been done. attracted by the cheapness of sundries, the trade has bought heavy all sales for the fortnight covers. about a oÛO cases halves and quarter Prices realised were generally unprofitable Fresh herrings have been moville, Keely at slightly re luce I rates say by lot best be niels b Linton is she. tilly tanner with little business Line, is still sill at a heavy) loss. Dried quits on the whole are firmer with it a decided advance Curr units (seen 1 quills)) are still selling, at 12 1 and sultanas at 58 1 to Mr The market has been cleared of muscatels and his Chemicals are rather dull during acid has 11 11 little attention , cream of tartar is a sil ide better at Is eld , bicarb soda has been sold at 38 15s. I am 1 sulph use of copper at 23 Candles are one, in Letter w Uli cloud sales At last are Hull belle Inns brewery 7.11 Metals June bone oil well into containing tion G ily unse 1 iron is weaker the in misty afloat been, excessive For tennis, there the demand is very strong at a loss u £10. has pi rates have been sold at 3s to 3s di Wire nails and blasting, powder continue settee Cement has fluctuated considerably the ( extreme rates realise showing a wide difference. Liberal purely used in the other cold nies for Melbourne account have no settl 1 our salary is. the deal in 1 fir timber slates and plaster continues em Iii lit In jute 1,00 is we note that b rule 1 stocks of wool picks are sufficient to cover all requirements to December next A large business has been done with squatters direct ( out of shipments to arrive Cornsacks are unsettle 1 Gunnies are loiter selling at 4s ( I Kink Riles Discounts are unchanged for three months bills b per cent is chiefs I, mile beyond that currency 5 per cent Interest 11 overdrawn 1 accounts is b per cent per annum there has been no change, in the rules of interest which are us told us -Deposits for < months 3 per cent i 1 jr 6 months 3 per cent, and for li months I her cent Exchange For CO days' sight bills on I the I name rites are unaltered as follow - I than par, and selling t per cent, pro 1 1111 um I I lie latest dates rec week are as follow - In in I on In Al went to New lock March 1 Sill 1 rincise Mr I t I LI uni y, Mardi J Mannum March 27 Hone have March 21 1 each 1 March 15 Mr la Ward in SWORN IN ON!) THE folio vii c were 11 0 stocks 1st be run at Melbourne on April 11 -Hriiiilj-lu 3) lil Is 140l8cases I am 15yds is 1 I leases Ucnuva-lollh Is 1 old four gallon cases (17 materially 1 cases April) 4 0133 ' he 38 HU ens- Lhi(svteeti>nc I1-Ï.W, hh II All cases Cor Hall fully cases Spirits of Wine - SHI casks Other by letters lib Is 0 SSI) cases. Wines 427] till I 107 8 cases cleared 440 hills, 32 411 cases and casks, of auto (maiiulactured)--i half tierces to q uri r tied up 707 three quarter I boxes at boxes were cases, tobacco (11 iinaiitifaotiirod) 410 three fillies and casks 30) cases III bales and boxes. Candles 291 chests and cases, of JC boxes. Clears 833 cases Ivcrosinto- 63 It, case- Cocoa and Chocolate O packages coffee OOJ tags, 10 thereon, 77 cash 5 IS case. 26 barrels. Bran bags 8 hides (.orn«vck>,-109 bales W oolpacks-5 £3 bales. Chicory)- 2 packages Opium-Id packages. Oats-6 057 bales Hops 37 packages ldc 33,11 b-iRS,llltona. bait 2,274 bags Vinegar-b-Hcasks, i nee cases Tea -China- 20 chests, 35 017 half chests. b2 20 boxes, India- J Ss2 chests, 5 141 half chests, 1 He boxes Other Ports chests, 40 half chests Sugar -Slaiintius - 18 714 bags 2016 pockets , Reunion -17s. mats, Java's 701 baskets, S 630 mats Other I artery IDS baskets SO 070 bass, 20 343 mats, 1 liner) - LOR tons, 1,5112 case, or cask. STOCK AND SHARE LIST. April, 11. 276100 Vlot Gov Opcrecnls., due 188) .. 312900 Viet Gor 5 per cent , due 1.94 .. G!2s_l Viet. Gov 4 per cent, stock leOOOO Melbourne Corporation 6 per cent 175000 Melbourne Corporation 5 per cent. 200000 Metropolitan Gas 5 per cent. WBOO M and li 11 U Railway) 0 per cone. 152000 SF and H li U Hallway 6 per cent. 7 JOO .No»SouthWalea5porcent,dueUW2| lueOOO New Zealand 4 per cent. 500001 Queensland 4 per cent, 1310550 queensland t, per cent if I COLIC Cour IMS-, Snob ! 14SW%i force "oOOO 400 M U 1610 100000 lllObOO 600000 1 5000 10000 1500001 1600000 lOOlXWO 7 0000 450000 400000 10 two, 0 500 ¡¡oOOO 14 lil CO 719 6000 in 60, 60000 40000 44030 1000000 OOOO 0_alX) 053000 and State Bank of 5 Bal bank Limited are now issue the Colonial of Austral 4 Counter late of Australia visited 4 National at Austral "ONe. South Wales ". J Victor a(MeL rec.. "e n Do (London ree, ) 1 Land Mortgage 10 New Zealand "5 Ut Ion 40 Australasia 20 London i Chartered of Australia 20Enc.li». -Scottish L I Area Chartered |"J City of Melbourne 4 Federal of Australia litre hold Invest mont and Uaukit g Co. 2 Merc.ia the Bank of Australia Ltd OAS COiqAMES. lOlnallarat b'Uoncllgo \- C- t el taine 10 Day Isisford (Limited) 6 Geelong 'Metropolitan [200s. 1105. 20S. lOOJs. 429 139. 16 Australian Alliance! -VI National Fire Insur 18 Southern Insurance Victorian L.fe_--ci Victoria in France (I am fed) MlbCKLCASEOUS. DalLcty at d to redecorate a brewery Mercantile L and 6 Union )!ortc.a"u and 1010\. i 2000) 4000 41005 25000 a After the. Colonial law and 1 1 Ascot a IR Uoldsbrouch&Co; 1 trustees has been tors and Agency 2 First. Hortie and Agency 1 Cast, em no Brewery Melbourne Uro wing and M satin e 4 Mel be had from way and Omnibus Mutual S toro Torry A. Weston I Brewery Equitable Co. operative Society Perpetual Executors and Trustees Co as 41DonlHn,uhi t Moama, 8 1105 I - 156. 149. 000. Including bonus t 12s paid up REVIEW OF 'THE STOCK AND SHARE \- MAKKLJ Si see the reopening L. of the exchanges after the Easter he days the market for silver companies' shares has been extremely reluctant! ages, and some very heavy reductions have taken place. The fall has not been caused by unsatisfactory mi me up development the progress reports from the principal mines here, on the contrary, very encouraging Price, however, before the holiday had reached a very high range and pave opening for operations for mail which was largely availed of and prices fell fully till yesterday, when, out i la bring word of co uinL In the fall was checked, and to-day a car si i crab a recovery took place in a wood many con I saved The Broken Hill 1 Proprietary contingent is told well and the mine is reported to be looking. well throughout. the companies have had more attention, an 1 Bales of good extent will noted In gold coin parties business has been of of only moderate extent good advances were realised for Berry Consols and had no Berri but they have not maintained the rise Great extended UcrcuWs are higher the Long Tunnel coups des lower others without much plants There but I am a good market for investmuntbtocks a steam d mand wine L) perienced throughout and the transactions effected forming a larger proportion of the funeral business than has been the case since the great development of the silver boom Very full prices have rule 1 in nearly all costs and con ideruHo advances have taken place in Australian trees old Banking Corporation Freehold Investment an i Uanktug Real Estate Bank Castlemaine brewery (Melbourne) Assets and Eurella Australian I Proper ty and to be most Cole n at his cement and Aden. Mock r change General First ce Greig; and. Murray) Melbourne Storage, Mercantile's mance and Guarantee It Goldsbrough and Co Silverton Tramway and Victorian Land Melbourne Tramway and Omnibus have slightly receded Hit follow suit ore the bus into the selling quotations and prices of onion effected - banks Australian Wet hold Banking Corporation (£2 10s. share.), sales 67s 6d to 7s di City of Melbourne, Sherrie 12s. Colonial of Australasia, takes acid 7s (6d commercial, sales soul's to Uhlans federal, sales 72s 6d to 7s 6d 1 reabold ID via t men. and Banking Balts Jane Us 0d -Oi.ll.6_. Imperial, uka -Su to 2s 6d Land Credit, buyer 44 s. Up Land More we salts 34. to his aid M (area all his, wife's bar to W. and National, salts jbtO In. to JUO IN National (Adelaide register), sales 9 17s 6d to a 1 tie. (k New South Wales (are still 15s. Queensland National, buyer 86 late (kt , seller ALL IS. Uiftl instate, salts as to JU S. Hoy ii Bank of (Queens land, -scher Lo. Union, under JttiJ Victoria, sales E J 19. has - Britrhton, sales 20, to 23s 6d Metropolitan, sales 135 12s. 6d to 59 15s to 138 Un Od V UUatua town buyer 40s 6d Insurance Colonial Mutual Fire, sales 4s, ld Indemnity buyer in National buyer 14s., seller main southern, bu>er2bN DI, boiler is Uni Idmi; SOL he lit 3 -City of Melbourne, sales £0 6s to me -I. Cd County of Bourke, buyer at 16., teller at 15s. Excelsior Mutual, buyer £5 "s (id Lan and 11, e Mutual sales Hi 10. Metropolitan Per maudlin seller JUI 106 Melbourne Permanent, salts Li Premier, baled £0 14. to HI 16s, 1 coal or mineral, bales £20 2d Od v victorian 1 permanent, taller A. ID 7a ed Victoria Mutual, buyer ii J, Fuller LU breweries Lo - l_re.>lii_r and Malting (Melbourne, sale. 4-.,- to £1 91 Uftuk (Hobart; Hotel Jas CAatltm-.uio Melbourne) -tiles is to say , to (NuHLadtlO -29. do (Urtabaue., buyer 21s. til Loans sales 174 to 176 til titzi.tralds, seller 21St to, sales -7s 3d Kuti ton, thanks to Dr M tra keen, seller in. 1 critics s (Queensland; dated Jan , do (new) ether Us 01 Shamrock, sales IN to IM that I asked Mattin?, sales 10s 3d. Went end (Melbourne), buyer 4s., seller has. Woods Yorkshire, sale. 13s li to 1 is Cd Trustees and Executors.' Companies Australian Natives sales b to be. Mite 5-. Uri Colouhl for Frances Trustee, fails as did to 1H 61 National Trustee., salts 5s. to 20s (11 1 especial executors and trustees, seller IHK IV To the trustees the ) sales 15s- to Hit and Inn tees severe form, and Agency, seller? 10s do (second series) bales £7 7s. -quite, takes 5. U'JJ to the. Ijd Guardian, sales left. (Mr MUtellancous-Australian Financial A few ey and Guarantee sales 31. turn to 27s t > Vila Gd Australian Assets, buy r Hi tid , buller Us ld Australian Pro perty and Investment buyer CJ 5s., seller t KM, sales Lb 172 (is to til "K 6d Assets and Realisation, sales -of. 61 to eiOi. 61 hay of various, Arthur dOs Coombs an i Co salesmen is desired Colonial In statement (read pills) sales -3d to 4d 6d to 43s, 3d do (new, 10s pall) sales 10s-, to 24s to do (third Native), salts 2s 3d to 22s to 21s 6d U Min re and Co , SLICE III tons Oil to 10s. 7d Dal Rees and Co , tennis Jell 13.. Oil to the UK He ran i Hit Co. sales 11s (II IlonirltH nations sties £6. 41 agreeable Co operative sales Us. CM to Mr Eden Coffee- lVitsco sales 14s Fraser and Company, was a lie Jil to stand General Finance ? ties state He CVI Cclicnl can I, sell r £1 Grand Coffee larger, buyer 65s, seller beat Greig and Murray, sizes 25 to Mr Henry Arnold and Co sailed £10 able to £11 7s (6d with 3s, do. (paid) buyer and seller All 10s Hetton Coal, sales £10 roll in in (I Hydraulic, sales 17s to 19s. JJ to 11s. to I said and I found) Company. saleyards tolls 01 Mulbo ime stories sales 48s to lin M main store, and the; sales by the 1 Mercantile Finance and Itlianiutoe, sale-, on the tcii'SI'J. 01 to a lee, 'do (new issue) sides he is. (let at., 15 to 6? in 119 Mont In lieu uses 1.4 (Id Mutual store, soles 3s. to odd Near North cote Brick, sales lie ill to rise iNorlllc-oto Ariel., sales Is (it Icoploslreoliolil, sales 17s Ul from city 4111 1 arches c buyer 14s If (Jolilsbr melt and Co sales We to be. to Mt do (new issue) shells hours up to 11 ml Silverton Tramway sales 7s to Alison M. Wilson and Sons Inner its , seller --s 1.1 ^ipiattíiiir Investment sales 44s stock I Mil men of Melbourne (11 in ans) 'also 14s 6d to 17s. To les. via (A stores) sa c. Hill li KI 01 stockton toil sales 73 to 74 France in an t instilling i Wales it is up to 4s 6d Union Mort Julie seller "IN Melons Coffee I lUcc s II. r (g Victoria Land, sales 3s. to 8s (6d do (paid ill at sales Ills. Gold Mines Hand and Albion buyer Mr , seller G s Hurry Consols yalca e7 7s. to eat or to ei like Burke and Wills, stirs 4s II to 4s (I britannia Unite I tuner and, seller The. Catherine Reef Called Innere. His Ihr 77 11 Hulks Silver 33s Collu an an 1 latch! silts of "J 1 by Until it, takes 77 J U will. Ion at No 4 buyer e luncheon Irlbtlto sill s 4s til he 4s 711 last lease Mt ne', sales 1 set till. In I s i I la la i>c.)illii> sales 136 I racks but in it, ruin 77 to Ii li I (Lombardi seller and (golden like sixes 11s. to is 4d Circle 1 Monday Hercules, sales at U.I to 10s to 14s Jil Fleurbaix testify , seller 48s Hercules and Energetic sales 48s ill Jackson's Reef, sales 48 to 4s to 12 (St John's u's Keller E. A hone' Meet, sal > (Ki Ki to 50 to 400 but us, is i) i r his (iii Umns tM> 1 sal s 7s to 7s 6d london, every) hat) or is 10s. Lone; Hillbrick sales had to £6 long Tunnel Consols, salts a long time! extended, sales 2s 4 I >. til it is 100 to £1 to a..! ill it. was 175 in Uni Harry, silos 71 to his Minister Herr, salts etc 7s 6d to £11 7s. 6d to £10 Ids Midas I often led, sales in. SA to Pte (Jim Midas Consols has) her 77 Mr nut stores sales here Is it to 4.10 II To elO Napier, Buller for New lillie market sales in to 111. Del Ni w Chum Co is chested, sales 77s to Tie. New clean hull was, talia 12s -per Chum United sales SS. newest. Mungo, buyer Is New Toombon, sales 16s 6d to 14s. W North Johnson's, sales up. to 33s, to 35s. 6d North Long; Tunnel, sales 21s. 9d to 21s. 6d North Snciiatidoali salaries ed tolls O Connor's Freehold sales 10s to 5s. 31 Pearl, sales 68a Or Queen s (Malm bury) tales 12 eU to 14s 6d Rose of Denmark, buyer 18-, ¡bllniiirook, sales 8s 6d to 7s. 4 J 1 Sh nail lah, sale-, is to 1 5 to Us. SJ -Sloane and Scotchman a buyer 16 seller 32s. 6d South Clunes, bu) er 22. cal North Devonshire, sales 5s 3d South New Chum, sales 1 is to Is star of the best, sales 74s to CM toombon sales 72s 6d to 70s. United Devonshire Rates is. ST Working Miners United, sales 8s to SaUl YOUng Chum, sales 13s Cvi To Ira 3d silver Mines-Aberta(paid) salary 6d to 4s 6d Barriers I starts sales having to 6s 3d Broken hill Block 14 sales 12 lifted to 60 15s to £9 17s 6d Broken Hill Bonanza sales 20s 6d to 15s. broken hill Junction, sales £7 as to its list. ekl Broken-hill Proprietary, sales e 12 to i. 4 Broken Hill South (paid) sales £10 Is to a (I 7s 6d to 77 The. Broken hill south Extended sales 7s. Bel to 17s. 6d to 13s. 9d British Broken (Hill), sales rolls to £5 6d to 10s Broken Hill North sales 20s to 10s Central Broken Hill (paid up) sales 160a. to 5s. to 35s Central Cordillera level i), sales 14s tal to his. call to 9s Commodore sales 10 II to iii to 10 to 18s. tal Copper Blow (paid) sales 13s 9d for millers. Bales £7 town lots Cosgrove's Broken Hill (board), sixes 11s lil to 13s 3d to lbs Costigan Cordillera (paid) sales 14s. 6d to its. Extended Britannia, sales 10 to 20s to Rd Gipsy) Girl, seller 23s Imperial (paid), sales 10s. to 12s. 6d to 14s 6d Lewis Ponds sales 49. to 39 call to 35s to 40s. South Bonds sales is 3d to 9s. 11d to 12s Lady Brassey. sales 7s to 5s Mount Costigan sales tax to 3d Mount Costigan South sales 10s. 3d to 7s. 6d -Smit Co the South t Extended, sales 6s. to 5s North Broken hill sales 7s to 40s. to 65s North and South Cordillera (paid) sales 34s 6d to 19s late 7s 6d. to 10s 3d to 23s Peelwood, sales 10s to 15s 6d to 2s. Pinnacle Tribute sales 30s. to 20s. to gas. Pioneer, sales 11s 3d to 89 ed One Tree Hill, sales ea 9d to 4s 6d to 6s. Rising Sun sales 28s. to 22s. to 23s. Hound dull, sales £7 6 to 4 16s. to £5 5s. to 59. Silver King, sales 21s to 24s to 25s bom h Cordillera, sales 22s 6d to 11s 6d to 4s ed Vanderbilt, sales 4s., 6d. to 17s Victoria Cross, sale. 27., 6d. to 17s to 2s White Lead, sales -6s. to 20s lui-lines.-Argus, sales 15s. 6d Briseis, sales £3 to £0 ta. est Brothers No 1, sales 75s. to 76s. to 6s to Gia Garibaldi, sales 40s. to 43s. Melbourne, sales 25s. 6d. Mount Bischoff, sales £04 to -90 -Mount -union le, sales £12. Mount Pilate, 10-, to 28s. s SHIPPING FOR THE FORTNIGHT PORT OF MELBOURNE. ARRIVALS AND CuteaAvrEa SINCE OUR LAST StutstaRT A American Au Austrian 11 British ILA Ihltmli American Dele I clean , Ho lion in tan Her, Honiton veil Chilian D Dutch Da. Danish i French G German Italian, N story trian 1 1 ortu^iieise 1 r Percy late , U. Hi alan S Swedish Sp Spanish s. ship b, barque br;, br c, sch schooner 68 steamer ) April ARRU so 7 Rosetta UM s a 8 467, O V, Read), London, A O Millers. 7 Molanope- II sn 1008 John Gray London. The M'Culloch Carry beer Company Limited 7 Masillar Do. do. 3 2 6 I Coulsen Port Louis Mauritius I lived s Turnbull and Co 7 Omeo li. be, "made by Anthony Eureka, Hum boldtOay U Blair 0 Aso II ss. "81 Ninian Bannatyne couth each elds. W. Howard Smith and Sons I United TO AS Mean II. s s. 3 the Charles Tait lea-, London lately and Co Limited 10 i range Cheese dish 77 P Blundell Charente. III he li and Harbottle 11 Molar asks, N bq 1 "al W F Klaokcr, Frccto looks a I 1 Scott brothers and Co 12\. Orient RMS as St John It holder London, Ac G bbs Britain an I Co 12 S) hie) r s s, 4 -IO P lellcerln, Marseilles Dec. Dalgety and Co. Limited. 12\. Tai) man is s.o. 2298 A Wardle Hong? Kong Area I often Home and Co 12\. Wallacetown fish I O'O J Wortley, Liverpool Gibbs Griffin and Co 12\. W H or N bq 51st Macnuion A another, British Cold his Couche Calder and Co 13\. Hohenzollern O ss. 1002 A Meier Bremen care Our meyer Dewez and Co Limited IG Caledonien I- B s, 4 £10 H de Maubeuge Noumea via Sydney dalgety and Co Limited 17 Oceana li t s s. 0 302 George Nelson Hector ICN It London, is. George Withers 17 Port Jackson to see. 2 014 Geo It. Budd) London Mr. Jas. sent for and Co 17 Taupo B its 737 F Heading; New Hebrides and HJi Xhoj (River April cmtRFn ot-. 0 Parramatta H Mrs o., 4 760 li. O Munn London, Ace O V Others. 7 Carlisle Castle In sh 1 453 H S Lee, London J Li Wl into and CO 10 Cressington B sll 2160 J A. Browne) Fal mouth Gabo s Uri he and Co is b) due) F 83. 2 033 I" PellcRrln Noumea via M they 2>al:ct) and Co limited 13 Ormuz R M his IMA Charlton London, She Gibbs, Bright and Co SHIPS CLEARED OUT WITH COLONIAL PRODUCE. APRIL 0 Parramatta, for London, to 559 his wool, 108 his her tiller 273 bls skins, 144 bags bark, but ingots tin, and ck. wine, 235 hairs rest of us, 0 qr-cks whisky, 50 his hops, sundry pkgs merchandise, and 5 bxs specie shipments (value i. 1,150 ) APRIL 7 Carlisle Castle, for London -253 batta copra, 60 hhds wine 2 hhds think., 1,770 his wool, 236 bars bark, 7,0 Id his wheat, 787 pps tallow, 10 pi tea skins, 30 bls habits, U. pkgs merchandise and effects Antill 10 Crcsslngton, for Falmouth -SOLOS bags wheat. All IL 13. Ormuz, for London - Sold his wool 34 his basils, 53 his mother 112 bl. skins, 40 css roans 352 bags bark, 21 bls specie (value 263 000), 6.737 css apples, Zl us furniture, tea pkgs merchandise and effects. PASSENGERS BY AND SINCE THE DEPARTURE. OF THE LAST MAIL. A PU IL 0. Parramatta, for London, -co. Saloon For Penang? -Mr and Mrs. Mactl nald and four children for Rombal-Mr Homittou For llnndlsl-Mr*, and Miss Robson. For London Dr and Mrs. Warren, three children and nurse. Mr and Mrs. Gillespie and child, Mr and Mrs A Wright. Mr. and Mrs. L T. Crowe, Mr. and Mrs., F. W. smith, Mr and Mrs W '-Scott Mr and Mrs J Snow ey and child, Mr and Mrs. Marshall!, Mr and Mrs. Rout, Captain and Mrs Langford Mr and Mrs A Cameron, Dr and Mrs. Giles Ford, daughter, and child, Mr and Mrs. J W Mitchell, Mr and Mrs R. A Hopkins-, Mr. and Mr. Keith, finally (so,cu),nnd nurse, Mr and Mrs Kier and three children, Mesdames Peach, J 1. Crawl, Leitch, (too Samuel Calvert, A Lumsden, Simpson, Col Uti 19 Warburton, Misses Peach, Murdock, Hay, Grieve, K Brooks, Henderson, boat race, J H. Craig', M Craig, Samuels M fell near vor, J Murray, Rout, Calvert (two), Hutton, K Watt, Gilmour, A E. Cox eli, Messrs friend ern, G no ve, li Brown, It, Lloyd, G Trist, A. D Landridge, 1 Kerie,), r horley, C Wood, J Sanderson, li. Speight, It, dames, J Yates, W Birney, Calvert, ft, Longstaff, A. Alexander, D Norrie, J Mitchell, W. M'Lurdy, G. N >afrn J Gilmour, G Fran and, L. Porter 0 M Durant, H Spencer, W. Garton, F Garton, Dr Booth. At Mt. 7. Carlisle Castle, for London Saloon Dr Cameron, Messrs. F artiste,, jim , George Uri cr, Joel Davis Joseph Hoad, Harry Thorpe, Chas li Johnston, James Lonicera.., Win T L ha nine i, B Wilson Geo 1 li. Mnltli, Archdale, U Whitby, Line t Osgood Hanbury, Misses E'. S. Low, Un er, M and L. Elliott, R, Lonjcroft, Annie, A and M Whitby Al (ML Id Ormuz, for a London, As -saloon Mrs. Herman, Mr Herman Captain Gladstone an I valet Miss Gladstone, Mr, Mrs. and the Misses Wimpole (four) Mr »Im pole, and Master Wimpole Minx Mo were, Miss V Stuart Mr G G rim CiV, the Rev. C Corfield and three children, Miss Edwards (two) Miss _>iuitli an 1 mine Mr R Wills, Miss Bell Mr T I- Lawrence, Mrs Lawrence Mrs Watson and maid, C O Tulloch N M Ross, Prof Kennedy Mr and Mrs Vernon, Miss Lewis, Mr Sohoulion Mr Davis Mr "serve an Mr F Smith Mr and Mrs. Cooper and family (four) Mr Rhodes Mr and Mrs Walters, Mr J m (nell Mr Kirktinton Mr Kn,u«OD, Mr and Mrs Ferguson and family (four) Mr and Mrs. Mac! a, child, and nurse Mr Clibborn Miss Black, Kev 11 A and Mrs. Mitton Miss Croudace, Mrs Rose and party (Un) Mr and Mrs Coote Mr Cross dance Mr li Ro of Mr and Mrs Croudace Ucutarmut Choimelv, Mr 1! room is 1d Mrs. Broomehill, Mr an I Mrs. Cartmill Mr and Mrs. LI« yards Miss Wayn the) Rev and Mrs fiavics, Kev and Mrs Plane, Mr and Mrs. Wilson Mr and Mrs. Cooper and party (four) third libelling, Mr W Cooper, Mr W Cooper and Mr Martin Mr Bridle Mr Du IT the boy J Davis and X 7 in second saloon and the third class passengers for London Gibbs Bright, an 1 Co, agents 2 PASSENGERS BOOKED PER R M S CAIUlIAcjE The following is the list of passengers booked from Melbourne per Carthage sailing 20th April - For London- Mr Samuel healey Mr Ella Russell) Mr James Cuintuiuir, Mrs Bo skin two children and Bcr vant, Mrs. Richardson, three children and Miss Jane. him Mr A Kemp Mr and Mrs Leslie, Mr, Mrs, an I Mrs Warne, Mrs. Hart child, and servant, Mr an I Mrs. Brodribb, daughter and children, in fant, and nurse, Mr Brodribb Miss Case) Miss Larkin, Mr Flowers, Mrs. Wilson by, Mr Harold Carter Mr Stanley Carter Mr and Mrs. J Gordon Miss Moodie Mr and Miss Thompson, Mr B Thompson, Mr Moodie Mr R Moodie-, Rev and Mrs Joy, Mr N Lacey, Mr R Gayer, Mr Alsop Mr R J Short, Mr J li brown, sir James Paris r Mutual Farmer (two) Mr C L Renter, Mr O H C i Foster, Dr It A Goodman Miss S Smith (two) Mr and Mrs Louis and still I Mr Toms Jem Mr H M Muir Mr A Melville Mr J Mill as Miss Edwards Mr J Baker Mr ll-t.uo Mr W li Snow Dr J T IKrnlli-n» Mr I., boston, Mr Samuel Hibbert Mr Joseph Hibbert Mrs. Murder Mr R H Wallis Mr J Anderson Miss O Neill May At earn Miss Brent Miss Preston Miss T K Heriot is, Mr It Migration Mr T J H Lord Mr and Mrs Hird, did I and Infant Mr L J Alsop Mr and Mrs Lucie for Calcutta- He had I an I child Mrs Rochfort Mr Hudson Mr Bright For Albany Mr and Mrs Above Men Angove, four children and infant and 