THE ILLUSTRATED SYDNEY NEWS, THUBSDAY, AUGUST 30, 1888, GREAT BRITAIN.-Hon. W. H. CroBs, eldest son of Viscount Cross, was returned unopposed for Liverpool. Vacancy occurred through resignation of Lord Claud Hamilton. Local Government Bill, after slight amend- ment, waa read third time, and passed by House of Lords. Parliament adjourned until November. In collision in Atlantic between Thurles and a steamer, 100 lives were lost. Bill to appoint commission of Judges to inquire into charges of Times was passed by majority of 116\. Commission, consisting of Sir James Hannen, Sir A. L. Smith and Sir John Day, will hold its first sitting on October 16. Statement that Princess Christian has become convert to Roman Catholicism has been denied. Writ was served on Mr. Walter, proprietor of Times, by Mr. Parnell, for libel. Trial will prob- ably take place in October next in Edinburgh. During evictions in Kilrush evicting party met with stout resistance ; boiling water was freely used. Military had to fix bayonets to oppose crowd. Evictions on Wandaleur Estate caused great indignation amongst Home Rulers. At eviction in New Ross, police charged mob with fixed bayonets, but were repulsed. Twelve arrests were made. At inquiry held as to circumstances connected with the death of John Mandeville, Nationalist, while confined in Tullamore Gaol, jury returned verdict that Mandeville's death was result of brutal treatment in gaol. At inquest on Dr. Ridley, the medical attendant of Mr. John Mandeville, Nationalist, whose death while political prisoner in Tullamore gaol was attributed to brutal treatment received there, jury found that Dr. Ridley committed suicide while in state of temporary insanity, brought on by being afraid of the disclosure that he was compelled to act officially and contrary to his own humane ideas. Mr. James O'Kelly, M.P. for Roscommon, tried on charge of inciting witnesses to refuse to give evidence in cases, was sentenced to four months' imprisonment. It is reported that Mr. John Dillon, M. P., Mr. D. Sullivan, M.P., and SirT. H. G. Esmonde, will visit Australia in November next. PRANCE.-Boulanger resigned his s»at in Chambre des Députés, his motion for dissolution having been defeated. In Chambre des Députés Floquet (Premier) chal- lenged Boulanger. In duel which followed, Boulanger received deep wound in his throat ; Floquet was slightly wounded. Boulanger was defeated at election for Ardéche. An Opportunist was elected. At Dordogne he was also beaten. It is reported that the adherents of General Boulanger have been discovered tampering with French soldiers with a view of winning them over to Boulanger's cause. Prince Victor Napoleon urged that plébiscite should be taken to settle final form of Govern- ment. Five thousand navvies in Paris went on strike. Collisions between them and police were attended with loss of life. The strikes of navvies and weavers have come to an end. The strikers held out until all their funds were exhausted, when they gave in. A disturbance took place between police and Communists in Paris. A bomb was thrown into a police station. It did not explode ; but police made a sortie, and numbers of persons were arrested. Banquet was given in Paris to 2,000 Mayors on site of approaching International Exhibition. Circular which Goblet forwarded to European Powers on subject of Italy's action in Massowah insists that Massowah has always been regarded as Egyptian territory, and denies Italy's right to its annexation. Chambre des Deputes drafted measure suppres- sing male religious orders. GERMANY. - Police compelled ex-Queen of Servia, recently divorced from King Milan, to surrender her son Alexander to Servian War Minister. Queen Natalie was expelled from Germany, and took refuge in Vienna. It is announced that Germany has refused to enter into alliance with Denmark, latter having stipulated for cession of Northern Schleswig. Agreement was made for appointment of Com- mission to formulate Treaty of Commerce between Germany and Russia. Emperor visited Russia, Sweden, and Denmark. He is expected to visit Alsace and Vienna shortly. Von Moltke was appointed President of National Defence Commission, and resigned posi- tion as Chief of General Staff. Protectorate has been assumed by Germany over Pleasant Island, in Mulgrave Archipelago. RUSSIA.-Emperor of Germany was met by Czar at Cronstadt. Visit was of a most cordial nature. Imperial ukase was issued extending period of service in Army to eighteen years. Imperial ukase was issued notifying intention of strengthening national army by 1,500,000 men. Yomud tribe of Turkomans, revolted against Russian rule, and plundered villages. Great loss of life was caused by the rising. BULGARIA.-Plot was discovered at Rustchuk to dethrone Prince Ferdinand. It is said to have been instigated by Russia. AUSTRIA.-Edict was issued depriving anarch- ists of rights of trial by jury in fifteen districts, for one year. AMERICA.-Revolution broke out in Venezuela. Anarchist plot was discovered in Chicago, having for its object destruction by dynamite of several officials connected with trial of Anarchists exe- cuted some time ago. lt was also intended to demolish a number of public buildings. Tariff Bill was passed by House of Representa- tives, U.S. It will not be considered by Senate this session, owing to determined opposition of Republican party, who are framing a fresh. biU. In Senate, Mr. Blair introduced resolution call- ing upon President to open negotiations with British Government for purpose of establishing political union between Canada and United States. Mr. Curtis was nominated as candidate for Presidency. With regard to recent capture of British sealers in Behring's Sea for alleged violation of fishery rights, orders have been given, by.Government io stop seizure of British vessels. At Valparaiso a reservoir burst its banks, caus- ing destruction of 100 houses, and^loss of hun- dreds of lives. AFRICA..-At De Beer Diamond Mine frightful disaster occurred. Accident was caused by igni- tion of a shaft, which prevented egress from the mine. Smoke suffocated the miners. Forty three white miners and 500 natives were rescued. President Kruger promised that Transvaal should maintain strict neutrality with regard to difficulty in Zululand. Transvaal Government informed Sir A. E. Havelock, Governor of Natal, that they were pre- pared to disarm Dinizulu, who had fled into the Transvaal, and would 'arrest him if considered necessary. Sir A. E. Havelock applied for extra- dition of Dinizulu. Porte issued circular note protesting against annexation of Massowah by Italy as a violation of existing treaties. 400 Bashi-Bazouks, and 200 Assaortins, or native levies, attacked Abyssinian stronghold, near Arkiko, to south of Massowah. Advancing troops were commanded by five Italian officers. During the fight Assaortins went over to enemy, and fought Bashi-Bazouks, killing 350 and all Italian officers. Keren, on frontier of Abyssinia, and due west of Massowah, was occupied on behalf of Italy. Envoy of Negus of Abyssinia has offered to'cede an island in Red Sea to Russia, provided latter will send officer to Abyssinia to instruct troops. At Khartoum belief is growing that the "White Pasha" approaching that place with body of men is Stanley. GENERAL NEWS ITEMS.-In House of Commons, Sir James Fergusson stated that parleying was proceeding with Chinese Government for settle- ment of difficulty in connection with immigration of Chinese to Australia. Australian Naval Defences Bill was laid upon the table of House of Commons. Sir F. Dillon Bell accepted extension of his term of office as Agent-General for New Zealand. Indian Government has decided to dispatch next autumn an expedition, consisting of 10,000 British and native troops, to district of Black Mountain (Siar Kuh), to punish Akozais for attack made on exploring party of Ghoorkas in June last. Thibetans said to be advancing on Sikkim, and threatening to attack British, whose force amounts to 18,000 men. Large portion of Port-au-Prince, capital of Hayti, was destroyed by revolutionary incen- diaries. President of Republic took refuge on an English frigate. Terrible volcanic eruption occurred at Taka matsu. Four hundred persons were killed, and a thousand were injured. Terrible disaster occurred between two passen- ger steamers off coast of Nova Scotia, resulting in great loss of life. Collision took place off Sable Island between Danish steamers Thingvalla and Geiser, running between Copenhagen and New York. Latter vessel sank, and 72 passengers and 33 of the crew were drowned. Remainder of those on board Geiser, together with 450 passengers on board ThingvaUa, were rescued by steamer Wie land, and all were safely landed at New York. 