London Cablegrams. \- 0o (Panx IILBOURNE PAPRas.) August, 20th. A cablegram has been received from Albany to the effect that during the voyage of the new '4utralian flagship Orlando. aportion of her crew mutinied, their com plaint being that they were allowed an in adequate supply of fresh water. The Most Rev. William Thompson,P .D., Archbishop of York, who is noted for his breadth of view and liberality of senti. ment, has denounced the existing Sunday liquor traffic in the strongest terms as a desecration of the Dayof Rest. Be would allow a" limited indulgence in certain amusements on Sunday, but holds that Sunday-drinking is an utter detriment to the community, involving as it does social loss and deterioration. Spain is at present practically in a state of siege, owing to another military revolt being feared. Great precautions are being taken to prevent an outbreak, and many arrests have been made. A seriousfracas between the whites and the negroes is reported from Louisiana. Twenty negroes were killed. It is reported that the Zulu Chief, Dini zulo. who recently made hisescape into the Tranavaal, and whose extradition was de manded by Sir Arthur Havelock, Governor of Natal, has now made his way 'into Swaziland. The new German company whibch hIas been formed to run a line of steamers be tween Hamburg and Australia, commenc ing early next year, has let contracts for the building of six steamers. It has transpired that the rumor as to the conversion of the Princess Helena,wife of Prince Christian of ;chleswig-Holstein, to the Roman Catholic faith, originated through its becoming knoon that the srincees has lately been conferring with the Rev. Father Cyril Forster, the priest in charge of uL.S. Peter and Edwards• Roman Catholic Church, belonging to the Oblate Fathers of St. Charles, and situated in Palace-street, near Buckingham Palace. Father Forster, who has been invited to state whether it is true that the Princess has embraced the Roman Catholic faith, has replied in what is described as an evasive manner that ' the Princess is not a Catholic.' Elections to the Chamber of Deputies took place yesterday i r tee departments of Nord, Charente and Somme. In each case General Boulanger was returned at the top of the poll. For the department of Nord, 'which he represented prior to his recent resignation, his majority was 15.000. For Somme he received twice as many votes as the candidate who stood next to him on the poll ; and for Charente he headed the poll by 8,000 votes. 21st August. The acrimonious tone of the despatches forwarded by Signor Crispi, the Italian Predier, to M. Goblet,the French Minister, for Foreign 'Affairs, in reply to to the pro tests of the latter against the annexation of Missowah by Italy, is causing great irritiation in France. The unyielding attitude of Signor Crispi is arousing a suspicion that Germany is endeavouring to stir up a serious quarrel betweenFrance and Italy. An anxious feeling prevails on the Con tinent as to the possible consequence of the dispute. Signor Crispi: the Italian Premier, star ted yesterday for Friedrichsruhabe, where he is to' have an interview with Prince Bis marck Germany in her protest against t e an nexation of Massowah by Italy. The Porte has, however, met -with a sharp rebuff, Germany altogether o;. countenancing the Turkish protest. Thirteen crocodiles, brought from Africa to Hamburgh, escaped from the vessel into the Elbe. Two Russian torpedo boats have been despatched to Vladivostock.for the purpose of strengthening the Russian armaments in that quarter. In October last, a youth who was acting as a messenger was robbed in' Corahill of bonds to .the vawne of £10,000. The bonds have been recovered,'and the thief, a man named Casey, has been captured and has confessed his guilt. " .. The latest n'ews from Burmah states that at present the inhabitants are suffering from a severe visitation of cholera. Advices from the English force in Thibet indicatethatan attack by the enemy was expected to take place to- day. It is reported that the British Govern.: ment has decided upon immediately in creasing the strengtkhof the navy, and that a number of ironclads and fast cruisers are to he forthwith obtained. The Zulu chief Dinizulu, whose - extra dition from the Transvaal was recently de manded by Sir Arthur Havelock, Governor of Natal, and who then made his escape into Swaziland, has now surrendered to the British authorities. SMr Charles Campbell, a member of the New South Wales Legislative Council, who has lately been visiting England, is dead. The bill for the restriction of Chinese immigration to the United States has been passed by the House of Representatives. A letter written by Mr Edward -Wake field is published in the Times, in which the writer discusses the agitation in Aus tralia for the exclusion of Chinese. The writer of the letter states shet tne asita tion is unwarranted, and that it noas been raised only for political purposes. A semi- oflicial newspaper published in Berlin, contains an inspired article 'com .enting? upon the aspeee delivered by. the Eperor William a' Frankfort on the Oder last week, in which His Majesty emphati cally declared that Germany would at all lihazards maintain her empire in its in tegrity, and that her people would prefer to die rather than restore to France the territory she formerly possessed, The motive of the article is to point out that the Emperor's remarks were not specially directed against France, but were intended to have application to the Danish, Alsatian and Polish aspirations A movement has been initiated in Ire-. land to raises fund by public subscription for defraying the expenses of Mir Parnell in connection with the special commission appointed to investigate charges made against him. The movement is supported by Archbishop Walshe, of Dublin, Arch bishop Croke. of Cashel, and the Romia Catholic Bishops in Ireland who have con tributed towards the fund. During tlhe visit of the Queen to Glasgow yesterday, a petition praying for the re'ense of MIr John Dillon. M.P., for East Mayo, who is now undergowing sentence foi ona offence under the Criumes Act, was handed to General Sir Henry Frederick PoTnosoaby, private secretary to .the .Queen, for presentation to Her Majesty..General Ponsonby,however, declined to presentithe petition. Advices from Zanzibar state that Ma1jor Baruellot, with three whites and abody of 500 natives, left Yamhbuga to go in search of Mr H M. Stanley early in June last. The tribes of Northern Afghanistan, which have for so long disturbed the peace of the country, have again broken out in open revolt. A storm, attended with very disastrous results, has been experienced in Canada. Many -ouses have been wrecked, and hundreds have perished, whilst fourteen men have been killed by:lightoing. An appeal is being made for funds in aid of the proposed German expedition for the relief of Emin Bey in the equatorial province of the Sondan. The promoters also propose to form a commercial road to Central. Africa. The expelition is to start from the west coast, and will find its way eastward by the Congo route. It has been decided to erect a memorial of the late Frank Holl, the eminent artist, in St. Paul's Cathedral. The Rev C. H. Spurgeon is suffering from severe illness. The annual report and balance-sheet of the Guinness Brewery Company Limited has been published. The profits of the company on its first year's business have been £91,000. A dividend of 15 per cent. per annum has been declared . In the course of an interview with a representative of the Pall Mall Gazette' Emile Zola, the French writer, stated that he regarded marriage as an old and faulty institution. she death is announced of Mr Henry' Richard. M.P. for Merthyr Tydvil, at the age of 76 years. . [Mr Richard was secretary of the Peace Society for 87 years, and since 1868 he represented Merthyr Tydvil in the Liberal interest. On the Irish question he was a supporter of Mr Gladstone throughout. He was for many. years and Independent minister for Southwark, and was a strong advocate of Church disestablishment ] Lord Knutsford. the Secretary of Stale for the Colonies, has informed the agents general that the Imperial Government see no reason for interefering with the de cisions arrived at by the Australian con ference on the question of Chinese im migration. The following sales of Australian whea are reported :-4,5C0 quarters of South Australian at 38s 3d per 4801b; 10,000 quarters of South Australian, August ship ment, at 38s ; 7,500 quarters of Victorian, September shipment, at 37s per 4801b. August 24th. A royalset feeling is reviving in France. The King of Bavaria is seriously ill. President Cleveland has sent a message to the United -tates Congress, in which he states that the action of the Senate in rejecting the Fisheries treaty compels him to adopt towards Canada a policy of vigorous retaliation, calculated to inflict the utmost damage upon that country. He therefore asks Congress to take steps for suspending the privilege of free tran-it in bond across the territory of the United States of all goods exoorted from and im ported by Canada. lie also advises that tolls be levied on all British subjects from Canada making use of the lakes, rivers and canals of the United States. - The Government has taken steps to prosecute the Redmond Brothers, Hoine Rule members, for breaches of the Crimes Act The Thibetans refuse to treat for peace. The South of England defeated the Australian Eleven bj 78 runs. August 24th. President Cleveland'sdemands for power to terminate the free transit of Canadian goods in bond across the territory of the United States is regarded as giving the fisheries dispute a very ugly aspect. ' Mr Patrick Ford's influence in American politics has been' suddenly and completely destroyed through. a discovery that he deserted from the Federal Army during the Civil War. Throughout the whole of Western Europe the wheat crops are comparative failures, and the outlook is in consequence . l oony In England this is one of present century. The Emperor William II. of Germany was present at a meeting of members of the Order of St. John yesterday, and made a" important speech. He appealed to the no-;tyv to help him in realising his ideal of a hI.,tia, nature. They could assist intthis, lie `54.by uniting in etEta - to raise the religious b.r of the people, and inculcating by precept- ..1 examples ,those Christian principles, the otDr.anuce of which was necessary ,to eneure the t,,.5 greatness of their Fatherland. 25th August. In consequence "of the rejection by the United States Senate of the Fisheries ,Treaty strained relations have arisen. betwet the Canadians and. the United States. This has culminated in an attack upon a party, of Americans w-ho. were fishing on Lake Tobiqnes in New Bruns wick, in which a- lady was unfortuately shot. . It is the intention of General Boulanger to contest the vacancy for every, electora*e that may arise. A general election at an early date is considered probable... Intelligence has been received that eight ironclads belonging to the French navy, are being actively equipped at Toulon. It is supposed that preparations are being made for the mobilisation of the fleet. The Australian Eleven were to have commenced a match against the South of. England to-day. Heavy rain is falling, however, and the opening of the match bas been deferred till to-morrow. August 26th. A deputation is about to be sent from Scetland to Australia and India, with a view of interesting Highlanders abroad in the present wretched condition of .the crofters at home:. Major Barttelott, with a relieving party started from Aruwini on the 10th May to search for Stanley. Ha ascended the Congo without opposition, and when the messenger who brought the news left he had re-taken possession of Stanley Falls, and was temporarily encamped there. nA .trmgnfeeeling of iidignation has beoeon sronesd in Canada by the strin?snt:aotion .eeommended by-Prbldest" alotol.ni)'to.b taken in the United States, with a view to crippling Canadian trade, owing to the differences arising from the fisheries dis pute. Some ef the leading newspapers in the Dominion'urges that the Canadian Legisla tureshould reet the movement in the United States by enforcing heavy duties upon goods from that territory, and estab lishing reciprocal relations on a free-trade basis with other countries. Mr J. G. Blaine,one of the principal Republican leaders in the United States, has strongly denounced the message sent downby President Cleveland, as an un worthy device to catch votes int the ensuing Presidential campaign. The weather recently, generally speak ing, has been much more favourable in South Australia for the grass and crops than in any of the other colonies. The winter has not neen anything like so dry as on the northern parts of Victoria and the inland districts of New Routh Wales. Still the rains in a great measure haae been coastal. Feed is growing luxuriantly, except in the north and north-east, where the ground is almost bare of vegetation, end the rabbits even fail to find subsistance. RBin fell at Broken Hill but the quantity was insufficient to fill th water channels, and none was co3nserved. Along the north-enstern track and upithe Darling the country is dry And bare. only some 2in or rain having fallen since the begining of the year. Seeding is now quite finished, and the crop generally, especially the later sown, well above the around; but in the drier areas the wheat is thin, asa: there are complains of the seel having malted. 