The Crown Prince of Germany. VIEWS OF SAN REMO. (Seo illtutrationa on pagea 435 and 447.) The Bevere illnosB of the Crown Prince of Ger- many (" Unser Fritz," aa he ia fondly called by the anbjeota of hie father}, and the great excitement canned by it throughout the German Empire, naturally draw attention to the lovely spot in whioh he hoe resided for come time. Ban Homo ia oloeo to the shore of the Moditorr anean, on the rise of a lofty hill. Terraces and orango groves are intermixed with ohorohes and villas in picturesque confusion. It ÍB tho culminating point of the tropical vegetation of the Riviera, where single palms grow in the greatest luxuriance, and dates aoquire full maturity. Tho oity contains many beautiful gardons; and tho long, waving branoheB of the palma intermixed with tho buildings have a Seouliarly charmin*- off est. Tho jessamine, the orange owera, and all that can give ont sweet Boonts, have here a rare sweetness. In fact, no brighter spot in the whole of that sunny land could have been ohoBen for the residense of the Crown Prinoe while Buffering from a complaint whioh the more northern winters of his own fatherland would have aggravated. The upper town offers a characteristic example of the architectural arrange- ments of tho middle ages. It was built for protection from tho Algerine pirates, and consists of long nar- row tortuooB streets, narrow and more crooked even than those of Sydney, and BO steep aa to require steps. In Borne placea they lead under arohed vaults ; the irrogular houses on either side Bupporting each other by arched flying buttreeBes. The inhabitants, however, cultivate bright flowers on their balconies, and train vines np the Bidoa of their houses in every poBBible plaoe. In tho now town, whioh ertonda alonar the Genoa road, tho most oonspionons building is tho Palazzo Borea, at the corner of the Via Cavour, a grand old pile built in the 15th oontury, and forming a marked contrast with the modern buildings around it. To the west of the town is the publie garden, beautifully laid ont in walks and shrubberies. ThiB ! was givon by the Empress of Russia when she resided in tho place Borne years ago. At San Remo every- thing is Italian ; and there is but little trace of the French immigration except, perhaps, in the splendor of che shops. In addition to tho viewB of tho neighborhood, we Publish in this iesuo an illustration of the Crown 'rince and Crown Princess (the PrineoBS Royal of England) in consultation with Sir Morell Mackenzie and Dr. Leopold von Schrotter, in the sitting-room in the Villa Zirio, the residence of the Crown Prinoe, as well as portraits of tho principal aotors in this melancholy drama. The one who occupies first place is of course the Crown Prinoe. Frederiok William Nicholas Charles, oldest son of tho Emperor of Germany, was born in October, 1831, entered the army at on early age, and rose to the rank of General. He bas seen a great deal of active service; having taken a leading part in the war between Prussia and Austria in 1866, and against the French in 1870. His action in this latter campaign, whioh did so much to consolidate the separate German states into one com- pact and powerfnlempire.endearedhim to the people. While the Crown Prinoe stands in the frorst place, the seoond must be awarded to his wife, Viotoria Adelaido Mary Louisa, Princess Royal of Great Britain, eldest daughter of Queen Viot ria. She waa born on November 21,1840, and married to the Crown Prince on January 25,1858. She has proved a true woman and a loving wife ; and throughout the ill- ness of her husband she has kept her place by his sido aa ohief adviser and nurse. They havo six children ; the eldest of whom, his Imperial HighnesB Prinoe Frederick William Yiotor Albert, commonly called Prinoe William of Prussia, will, in the natuial course of órente, at some time suooeedtohia (grandfather and father, and beoome Emperor of Germany, He was horn on January 27, 1859, and took naturally to the profession of arms. Like hin ancestors, he began his military career by marching paso the Emperor at Potsdam, at the head of his oompany, and, later, of his oavalry regi- ment. Prince William's knowledge of military táctica is . to groat, and his military reputation as a taotioian BO promising, that Count Moltke himself, BO sparing of hm words, and certainly by no means a courtier, declared that the young Prinoe's military obeerrations were worthy of Prodoriok the Great. His youth, for Prinoe William is but 28, has prevented him from uaing his sword for tho glory of the Fatherland. It is sufficient to point out thiB fact to demonstrate the dangers of an early catastrophe to both the Emperor and the Crown Prinoe. Nothing can be said at present as to the future oharooter of Pince William and what effeot hia elevation to tho throne might have. Hia father was moat peacefully disposed as a youth ; but the breaking out. of the Danish and afterward of the Austrian and French wars seemed to convert him at once into a warrior. The portrait of Sir Morell Maokenzie (upon whom her Majesty bestowed the honor of knighthood reaently), became a member of the Boyal College of Surgeons in 1858, and has long enjoyed a high reputation for hia Bpeeial knowledge of diseases of the throat and vooal órgano. He hails from Harloy-atreot, London. He took tho degree of M.D. in the University of London in 1862, and W«B elected in 1861 a member of the Boyal College of Physicians of London. A SWÍBB watchmaker bas invented an eleotrio illu minatox fox watch dials. A small olcotrio lamp is fitted in tho watohoaBO, where it will light np the dial, when, by touching tho CABO with the charm, connection ia mado through the ohain with a small battery carried in the waistcoat pocket. The speaking telephone has been successfully used in ministering to fever pationtB without running the risk of infection. A telephone is fixed at th» bed of tho patient and within reach ; BO that the patient san talk to friends or visitors in other rooms of tho houBO, or listen to a book road thoro. The arrange- ment IB found to cheer the tedium of the lonely sick- bed. It is said that ainoe the annflowor has been culti- vated on oortain Bwamps of tho Potomac malarial fovor has deoroasod. At the mouth of the Scheldt, in Holland, it is asserted that similar rosnltB have been obtainod. The sunflower omits large volumes of water in the form of vapor; and its aromatic odor, aa well as tho oxygon it exhales, may have to do with the sanitary influonco in question. THE ILLNESS OF THE CROWN PRINCE OF GERMANY--"FRITZ" AND HIS FAMILY AT SAN REMO, THE RIVIERA PLEASURE-RESORT. . 1. The «nrôrons of the Villa Zirio. 2. The Croon Prince in eonenltation with his doctors. 3. Entrance to the Villa Zirio. 4. The gardens at the Villa Zirio. 5. The Crown Prince and hia family on the promenade. (See letterpress on another page.) THREE PROMINENT MEMBERS OF THE GERMAN. IMPERIAL FAMILY. (See letterpress ou another pago.) THE CHOWN PRINCE OF GERMANY. (Now seriously ill at San Remo.) Pumos WILLIAM OP PRUSSIA. (Eldest son and heir of tho Crown Prince.) THE ÜBOWN PRINCESS'OF GERMANT. (Queen Victoria's oldest daughter.) 