PARLIAMENT. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. Wednesday, 4th July. The Speaker took the chair at 4.30. ANSWERS TO QUESTIONS. Mr. WRIXON, in reply to Mr. HALL, said that the coroner (Mr. M'Cormick) had been asked to report upon the circumstances under which the inquest as to the death of Ellen M'Grath was held at Benalla instead of at Thoons, where the death look place. Mr. GILLIES, in reply to Mr. VALE, said that no regulation could be framed pro hibiting Chinese already in the colony build- ing in main streets. Mr. GILLIES, in reply to Mr. TOOHEY, said the Chief Secretary had some time ago authorised a large increase in the police force, in consequance of the holding of the Centennial Exhibition. A portion of the recruits would be mounted troopers. Mr. WRIXON, in reply to Mr. A. Harris, Said the Crown Law department had not re- fused to open a monthly court in Jericho. Mr. GILLIES, in reply to Mr. M'Lellan, said the members of mounted rifle corps were allowed £1 to recoup them for their outlay for uniform. (Oh.) The Government had not yet considered the question of supplying a uniform to rifle corps. No dissatisfaction had been ex pressed to the department, but the matter of uniforms would receive further consideration. Mr. GILLIES, in reply to Mr. L. L. Smith, said he had instructed the Chief Secretary to ascertain the opinion of the Exhibition com- missioners as to the desirability of the ex clusive use of the Carlton Gardens being granted to them for six months, to enable the gardens being illuminated during the hot summer evenings and used as a promenade, Mr, NIMMO, in reply to Dr. Quion said the application for an Order in Council endorsing the construction of tramways in Sandhurst and Eaglehawk was under the consideration of the Railway Commissioners, who would report shortly whether there was any objection to the contruction of the tramways. Mr. GILLIES, in reply to Mr. Zox, said he was of opinion that the recent decision in the Court of Appeal in Great Britain, in the case of Allen v. The Almada and Torito Mining Company, would not affect non-liability mining companies in Victoria. But some class of limited liability companies may be affected by the decision. He proposed to ask the Attorney-General to consider the local aspect of the decision. Mr. WRIXON, in reply to Mr. L. L. Smith, said the question of placing 25 per cent, duty on all imported iron work, cut, punched or worked, was a matter for the Treasurer to deal with in his budget statement. . Mr. PEARSON, in reply to Mr. A. Harius, aid a teachor had been appointed for the xering State school. Mr. WRIXON, iu reply to Mr. Langdox, said that immediate consideration would be given to the complaint as to the insufficiency of local justices of tho peace at Avoca, Mr. NIMMO, in reply to Mr. A. Harris, said that tenders would bo invited in two or throe xnonths for the new court house at Sale. DOW, in reply to Mr. Pktrce, said ho "Would ask tbe Conservator of Forests to report Rpon the desirability of planting the West Mel bourne swamp with eucalyptus trees. Mr. GILLIES, in reply to Mr. Ghavbs, said the Government did not intend to submit ot present auy proposal to appoiut a committee of public accounts. THE MINISTER OF DEFENCE AND THE PRESS. Mr. L. L. SMITH called the attention of the House to the fact that the Minister of Defence had refused to allow representatives of the press to go on board the ships or inside the forts, during the recent manoeuvres of the defence forces. Mr. Phil. Robinson, a war correspondent of well known European reputa tion, had been refused this permission, and the public had lost the advantage of his criticisms. The ground of the Minister's refusal was that it was not desirable to allow civilians on the ships or in the forts while drill was being carried out. The Minister was obviously ignorant of the established rights of the press in matters of this kind, and if he made such a mistake at the very commencement of such an enterprise, how many more mistakes might he not be expected to make. War correspondents in times past had performed good services in exposing incompetent administration (notably in the case of Dr. Russell in the Crimean war), and it was very necessary that the public of this colony should have an opportunity of knowing from inde pendent sources what value they were getting for their money so lavishly expended on the defences. War correspondents used their own judgment as to what they wrote. Mr. STAUGHTON : That is just what they don't do. Mr. L. L. SMITH : His experience was that they did ; and when in camp they were liable to be flogged for offences like a soldier. (Laughter.) Mr. STAUGHTON : I would like to know who Mr. Phil Robinson is, that he should be preferred to the correspondents of our own papers. Mr. L. L. SMITH ; The correspondents of our own papers were not allowed to go to the front. The subject then dropped. PETITION. Mr. LANGRIDGE presented a petition from the Mercantile Finance, Trustees and Agency Company of Australia Limited praying for leave to introduce a bill to confer powers on the said company. PAPERS. The following papers were presented :- Mr. Saville Kent's reports on the Victorian fisheries, and the report of the Chief Inspector of Fac tories for the year ended 31st December last. THE CENTENNIAL EXHIBITION AND THE NEIGHBORING COLONIES. The SPEAKER announced that he had received the following telegraphic messages: — From the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of New South Wales, to the effect that the cor dial invitation of the members of the Victorian Assembly to the members of that House to be present at the opening of the Melbourne Cen tennial International Exhibition on the 1st of August next had been communicated to the House, when the message was received with cheers. From the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of South Australia, thanking the members of the Victorian Assembly for their cordial invitation to be present at the opening of the Exhibition, and announcing that the House had agreed to adjourn from tbe 26th of July to the 7th of August, to enable hon. mem bers to accept the invitation. From the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of Queens- land, thanking the members of the Victorian Assembly for their invitation, and stating that it would be communicated to the House with out delay. From the Speaker of the Legisla tive Assembly of Tasmania, conveying the most cordial thanks of the members for the invitation to be present at the opening of the Exhibition, and trusting that the opening would be a grand success. The reading of these telegrams was received with applause. THE ADDRESS IN REPLY. The debate on the address in reply was resumed by Mr. REID, who stated that the first subject he would touch upon would be the Chinese question. He thought the action taken by the Government in that matter was a proper one, and that view was supported by the fact that no one had accused the Government of doing an illegal act. The approval of the public at large also supported the Government in its action. He heard the other day that there was a Chinaman in Melbourne articled as a lawyer's clerk, and doubtless the day was not far dis tant when he would become a colleague of Mr. Gaunson. (Laughter). Mr. JONES: What, is Nimmo to be de feated? Mr. REID : He was not talking in a political sense. No doubt Mr. Gaunson would be as tonished when he saw Mr. Chin Hong Fat sitting as a judge of the Supreme Court. (Laughter). The lawyers, who were strong freetraders, would then cry out for protection against the Chinese. Mr. GAUNSON : No. They sing out for pro tection against Wrenfordsley (Hear hear). Mr. REID: With regard to the proposed amendment of the Electoral Act, he thought single electorates would be beneficial to some of the country districts, but not in the case of large cities or towns. Indeed, he did not think there was any occa sion for the cry for electoral reform, except in three or four country districts. (Hear, hear.) If some constituencies did not possess the requisite number of voters, he did not think they should be deprived of their present repre sentation, (Hear, hear.) With regard to the Metropolitan Board of Works, he had always advocated that it was the duty of the Government to take up the large works it was proposed to hand over to the board. If it were done in the case of the Yan Yean, he failed to see why it could not be done in regard to the others. He failed to see how the Government was going to reconcile the different suburban municipal authorities to carry out their duties in a satisfactory manner; but if they showed him that it could be done he would support such a bill. The subject which most interested him was direct railway communication with the northern suburbs, and if Sir Bryan O'Loghlen could do better for the northern suburbs than the Government had he would perhaps alter his views in regard to that gentleman. But he could not forget the fact that Sir Bryan O'Loghlen turned out the Government that brought forward Mr. Patterson's Railway Bill, which included a line to the northern suburbs. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen was also in office 20 months and did not do a single thing for the district. Mr. BENT : That is in keeping with your usual statements. Mr. REID : Mr. Langridge was in office three years and did nothing. Why did he not press the matter whilst he was on the Treasury benches ? Mr. GAUNSON : Why did'nt you support his line ? Mr. REID : He had not the smallest inten- tention of supporting Mr. Langridge's line, be- cause he was in favor of the direct, and not the roundabout route. Mr. FEILD ; You told a public meeting of your constituents that if you did not get the Fitzroy route adopted you would cross the floor of the House. Mr. REID. If the present Government was returned to power next Parliament and did not bring in a railway bill, including a line to the northern suburbs, he would walk over to the other side of the House. (Hear, hear.) It was a monstrous thing that during the last 10 years the northern districts had been left out in the cold, with the exception of the wretched cockspur line to Fitzroy. He admired Mr. Bent for the manly way in which he had supported his former leader, Sir Bryan O'Logh- leb, through good and evil report, but he could not admire Sir Bryan O'Loghlen for having ousted the Ministry of which he (Mr. Bent) was a member. (Laughter.) He would ask that gentleman if he thought that one liberal would walk over and support him after he had left the liberals and joined an Administration composed of the biggest conservatives that ever stood in the Chamber. He called upon the liberals in the House when they voted, to show the esti mation in which they held Sir Bryan O'Loghlen. Mr. SHIELS, said he should like to ex press his deep sense of the great national loss which had been sustained in the death of Dr. Hearn. (Hear, hear.) He noticed with the greatest delight that the Government was going to take up his scheme for the codifi cation of the law, and he promised them loyal support for doing so. The Govern ment had met the House, after a long recess, during which Ministers had lived on beds of roses. There must have been thorns amongst them, however, one of which was the Licensing Act. The Government must have noted with dismay and alarm the com plete break down of that act, and they must have felt other thorns through the successful law suits which had been undertaken by teachers who had been wrongfully deprived of their rights and threatened law suits by aliens who were imprisoned by them without warrant. They had another thorn in the flesh in the shape of naughty colleagues who gave to favored journals special information, such as details of justices of the peace lists, who were no more fit to keep secrets than a sieve could hold water or a lady refrain from telling some choice piece of delicate scandal. Other thorns were members of Parliament on deputations, who asked for cockspur lines of railway, who threatened that if their requests were not granted they would cross the floor of the House, but on the whole the Government lines had fallen in pleasant places. The revenue had been flourishing. The Exhi bition Commissioners seemed to have had an extraordinary prescience of the fact, and had been doing their level best to make a hole in the Treasury. Mr. Deakin had first said the Exhibition was going to cost the country nothing, and concluded by asserting that its total cost would not be more than £20,000. By men competent to judge, declared that the total expenditure would be nearer a quarter of a million or £300,000. Now was the time for the Government to do what had been recommended by the Tariff Commission to readjust taxation and relieve burdens which were depressing the industrial and poorer classes. One of the matters which the Government had a right to deal with was the Land Tax Act. This, he considered, to be one of the most stupendous monuments of folly, ignorance and odious class legislation that any country possessed. There could be only one sensible form of land taxation, and that was the form adopted by our neighbors in South Australia, namely, taxation based on capital value. One of the principal grievances of the payers of the land tax was that men who were ten times richer than they — the owners of quarter and half acre allotments in Melbourne — escaped entirely free and the people in the country alone had to pay. Had not the time come to remedy this ? There was no justification for the continuance of the system. (Hear, hear). The first class that was entitled to consideration in revision of the tariff — either by remission or adjustment of duties— was the farming interest. An ancestor of Mr. Zox, the patriarch Jacob, had said of one of his sons, "Issachar is a strong ass, crouch ing down between two burdens." He bowed his shoulder to bear, and had to take the consequences. That was the case of the Victorian farmer. The agriculturist had to bear the burden of the protected industries upon his back, and also the precariousness of the seasons. One night's frost, the rust or scorching winds might destroy the fruits of a whole year's work. The hon. member for the Wimmera (Mr. Madden) made a most earnest speech on behalf of the farm- ers, but he took too dark colors from his paint pot. It was not true that agriculture generally throughout the colony was in so dire a plight as he represented. He must have been speaking of the wheat growers in the north eastern part of the colony, and their case cer tainly demanded the earnest attention of the House. " God speed the plough" was the motto that had been adopted by the Legislature of Victoria for nearly 30 years past. Its aim had been to form a good yeomanry. The farmer, his wife and children, worked early and late without the comforts and advantages of the cities, and was sometimes 50 miles from the nearest railway. What were the heroics of the hon. member for Fitzroy (Mr. Reid) upon the discomforts of his constituents as compared with the position of these farmers. The roads were often almost impassable. Mr. BAKER : No roads at all ! Mr. M'LELLAN: Ruts! Mr. SHIELS; He knew instances where it had taken a man eight hour to cart a load of wheat four miles. (Hear.) Those who advised the Government to bring in a one-horse Railway Bill were rushing them on to the rocks which might shipwreck them, and were guilty of the most grievous injustice to the country districts. (Hear.) He would not consent to the farmers obtaining any outrageous or unreasonable concessions, such as would bring about national bankruptcy. They must remember, however, the inexperience of Victorian farmers, most of whom left the cities and the mines to eke out an existence on the land. Some did not know the difference between wheat, oats and barley. Mr. ANDERSON (Villiers) : They were not as bad as that. Mr. SHIELS : They must also recognise that mere rule of thumb work would no longer do for the farmers. Agriculture had now become a profession. Mr. ANDERSON (Villiers); A scientific pro fession. Mr. SHIELS : The reports of the Vegetable Products Commission should teach the farmer no longer to put all his eggs into one basket. (Hear.) He must learn to vary his industries, and not depend upon the success of, and take the heart out of the land with, one crop. (Hear.) He must not only have mere practical know ledge, but also the theoretical knowledge given by lectures and reading, and the exemplars shown him in agricultural colleges, or in other ways, it staggered them to read that £15,000,000 per annum had been taken away from the profits of agricul- turists in England by their competitors on the Continent and in America. Over 1,000,000 acres had been given up to the pasturage of sheep and cattle. English growers of wheat averaged 31 and 32 bushels per acre, as against 8½ in Russia, 9 in South Australia and 12 in Victoria. The cause of the agricultural de pression in England was owing to the fact that rival farmers of other nationalities possessed more knowledge, and were more highly trained. Mr. WRIGHT: No. Mr. SHIELS : Very little State aid was given in Englaud. A recent vote of £6000 was given for entire horses, but the British Government bad done nothing in the way of technical edu cation for the farmers. In France some £23,000 was spent on intermediate agricultural colleges, £1000 on a central institution in Paris, and farm schools were scattered throughout the country. In Germany there were a central college at Berlin, 16 inter mediate schools and 32 farm schools, supported by votes amounting to £17,000. Mr. MADDEN : And forest schools besides. Mr. blilELS . Denmark, a poor country, with a small population, and little more than a third of the income of Victoria, spent £11,000 a year for similar purposes. The consequence was that Danish butter, owing to the education afforded by the dairy schools, stood higher in the English market than English or Irish butter. (Hear.) Russia, the slowest and most Oriental of the Eastern nations, was tak ing steps similar to those recommended by tbe Vegetable Products Commission of Victoria. Mr. GAUNSON : What's the use if you don't provide cheap railway carriage. (Hear.) Mr. SHIELS: If the State voted £10,000 or even £50,000 per annum in attempting to give technical education to the farmers, it would be money properly spent. (Hear.) The farmers must recognise that it would be the export price of wheat that would govern the market here, and his object should therefore be how best to cheapen the production. Tho State could fairly remit all duties which hampered his industry, and it would be fairly expected to reduce the freight on his produce to the lowest point consistent with the railways being carried on without loss. Mr. Atkinson, a high authority in America, had a few months ago expressed the opinion that the American farmer to-day was better paid with wheat at 25s. a quarter than he was 15 years ago with wheat at 50s. a quarter. That had been brought about by a reduction of freight, prin cipally land wise, to 11s. a quarter, and the sea fright to 5s. a quarter, the rest being due to improved labor saving appliances. If it were true that the reduction of freight had made American farming profitable with wheat at the lowest price it had ever reached, it behoved the Victorian farmer to follow in the wake of the American. He was not going to ask for concessions which would bring disaster to the Treasury, and he regretted to hear the hon. member for the Wimmera (Mr. Madden) speak as though he were in favor of free water, for free head works would lead to free water. Mr. GRAHAM: We do not ask for free water; we only want it on the terms on which the miners get it. Mr. SHIELS : The demand for the con struction of head works brought forcibly to mind the colossal proportions of the Govern ment irrigation scheme. When the Chief Secretary got back from America, he believed in self help, as it was practised there ; but, for political reasons probably, that policy was departed from, and it was announced that the State was to do the work of irrigating. The works proposed were on too vast a scale. They should only have been undertaken tenta tively, a quarter or half a million of money being expended for the farmers to learn how to use the water and for the State to learn the best scheme to adopt. The Government by their action had trebled the value of the land in the northern areas. Mr. MURRAY : That shows that the plan is a success. Mr. SHIELS: In his own district the far mers were paying as a year's rent for land a larger sum than the farmers in the northern areas paid for the freeholds. The hon. mem ber for Villiers (Mr. Anderson) had told him that in his district farmers were willing to pay £2 and £2 10s, rental per acre per annum for wheat land. Mr. BENT: Quite wrong, Mr. ANDERSON (Villiers) : It is quite true. Mr. SHIELS: In his own district farmers had rented large areas of virgin land for from 12s. to £1 per acre per annum to grow wheat. Mr. MADDEN: My contention was that it was useless to ask for a guarantee from the land owner before head works were entered upon. I did not ask for free water. Mr. SHIELS : With regard to the Chinese question, he greatly admired the eloquent and impromptu speech of the Minister of Educa tion ; but he admired still more the speech of the hon. member for East Bourke (Mr. Harper), because of the rare courage and the generous chivalry it displayed. The hon. member for East Bourke knew full well that he carried, so to say, his political life in his hand. Mr. MURRAY : He simply displayed the recklessness of despair. (Laughter). Mr. SHIELS : He showed a bravery which was almost unexampled in that Assembly in speaking up for the weak and defenceless against the wrong doer. Mr. MURRAY : His doom is already sealed. Mr. SHIELS : That doom was scaled with an honest man's conviction, and if the doom of every member of that House had the same seal upon it the people of Victoria would have more respect for their representatives. In such a democracy as ours it was rare to find a man willing to face the risk of attempting to stem the torrent of inflamed public feeling and the odium of an unpopular act. Mr. GAUNSON : A splendid speech, but a lame conclusion. Mr. SHIELS : In 1881 Sir Bryan O'Loghlen passed the Chinese Restriction Act, and he (Mr. Shiels) held the opinion, as he did now, that it was necessary in the interests of the working classes, and for the peace and comfort of the community and the security of the Chinese themselves, that the Legislature should exclude all Chinese coming to the colony. Mr. Gillies on the 23rd of March last sketched out the policy of the Government in a tem perate, wise and politic note, in which, without being subservient, he recognised that the Crown of England and Imperial Ministers might be involved in responsibilities for any hasty or unjustifiable action on the part of the colony. They had heard too much of the idea that separation from the mother country was inevitable, but he believed that Parliament and the people were loyal to the home connection — (cheers)— to the ties of affection and sympathy which bound them to the mother country. (Cheers.) England at the point of the bayonet, pre- tending to follow the example of the Galileans, forced open the Chinese ports to English trade and commerce. If England owed a debt to the Chinese Empire, could Victoria say it was under no obligation to treat China in the light of that unfortuuute fact? In 1859, when the population numbered 500,000, there were 49,000 Chinees in the colony, and in 1888, when the population was 1,050,000, the Chinese numbered only 12,000, and yet the Government got up a scare just as unreasonable as the war scare. For months the Govern ment were sane, reasonable men ; but for one month they were stark, staring, dangerous madmen, who ought to have been bound in straight waistcoats. (Hear, hear.) Mr. M'COLL : Nothing of the sort. (Hear, hear). Mr. GAUNSON: It is absolutely true. Mr. SHIELS : The Government lost its head and emulated the lawless actions of New South Wales and South Australia by a rivalry in evil. The working classes did not approve of the actions of the Government. (Oh!) The Government had shown gross favoritism and partiality, failed to comply with and arrested the statute law to an unworthy, ignoble and unwarrantable use, and had actually and positively broken the law. As to the charge of favoritism, he pointed to the fact that the Government admitted two vessel which had as their agents a firm with which one of the members of the Government was connected. Mr. GAUNSON : Did the Chinese exceed the number allowed by the tonnage ? Mr. SHIELS : He was not sure. Another vessel brought 270 Chinese, and instead of the Government demanding from the owners, agents or captain the sum of £25,000 they out- Heroded Herod by allowing them to go free. If the Government punished them in any other way, they failed to carry out the law. He thought the Government strained the law in the matter to an unwarrantable extent. Mr. MURRAY : Appeal to the country on that point. Mr. SHIELS: The quarantining was a pre tence without justification to give legal color for acts of wrong and, violence, for which the Government might otherwise have been made to pay. The whites on board the Chinese vessels were allowed to land, and if they really carried the danger of infection with them, was not the action of the Government criminal in allowing the whites to land ? Mr. MURRAY: You'll get up to-morrow with a pig-tail about 3 feet long. Mr. SHIELS: The Government backed down afterwards in the most ignoble manner, when the Chinese had thrown over Mr. Kong Meng and determined to appeal to the courts of the colony. The Government, afraid of testing the question, actually sent after the agents of the vessel, seeking after the poll-taxes which they had previously refused, and a most exciting race ensued between him and Mr. Townsend MacDermott, who was in the court, anxious to move for the production of the Chinese on habeas, as to who should have the credit of landing them first. The Government, in fact, backed down in a way that was rather skulking, mean and cowardly. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) His fourth con tention was that the Government had actually broken the law, and by their action had placed in peril of their lives servants of the Crown, who could have been killed in the execution of their duty without their assailants being made guilty of murder. It was the duty of the House to discover whether the claim of the Govern ment that they were acting legally was true. The Attorney-General had said the Govern ment could fall back for justification on an old prerogative of the Crown to exclude all aliens, and the Attorney-General contended that the only question really involved was whether the Ministry was her Majesty's Ministry, as contemplated in the prerogative, or not. A different consideration altogether would weigh with the courts in determining the legality of the Government action. The New South Wales Full Court, on two different occasions, had come to the unanimous con clusion that no such prerogative existed. Mr. GAUNSON : Nor is there in any British colony. Mr. SHIELS : It could not be disputed that a State had power to exclude aliens, but it did not follow that that power existing in the sovereign in England, could be exercised by her Ministers. Prerogatives in England had been lost and declared lost by the courts, owing to disuse, or by acts of Parliament relegating the power or disclaim ing the functions under which they were exercised. He thought the Attorney-General would fail to find a single case within the records of the last five centuries in which the courts had declared that such an authority existed. For over 100 years past, whenever it became necessary to exclude aliens from England, Parliament had been invoked by the Ministers of the Crown to grant the power to do so. In 1793, when great danger was apprehended in England through French refugees, the first alien bill was introduced, and in that measure power was given by enactment to the sovereign to exclude by proclamation or by order under the sign manual. As other alien acts were passed afterwards in the same way, it was therefore fairly arguable whether the pre rogative having been given to the Crown by statute, it really existed with the sovereign independently of Parliament. Mr. Pearson had quoted a number of case in which he had led the House to believe the prerogative was exercised by the Crown, but in none of those cases was it so exercised. Victor Hugo was expelled from the Island of Jersey by an illegal enactment of 1635, which was found to have been passed by the Star Chamber. The Government had gone back to the worst days of English history to justify their conduct, when men were imprisoned on a single order from the King, and on the camera counsel of violent men who claimed to exercise powers of this kind. It had been said that this Crown pre rogative of excluding aliens was a principle claimed by the Liberal party in Victoria. In Eugland Mr. Fox, the leader of the Liberal party all through the great revolutionary period, Sir Samuel Romilly, Lord Lansdowne and a whole galaxy of English Liberal states men had not only denied the justice of the exercise of legislative power against aliens, but distinctly stated that the Crown never had the prerogative to exclude. Charles II., James II. and William III. never claimed such a pre rogative, although they would all have liked to send aliens out of the country. Even in the autocratic days of Henry IV., when the Crown desired to exclude aliens an act was passed for the purpose of enabling them to do so, which afterwards expired by effluxion of time. The Prince Regent, afterwards George IV., took the vilest advantage of French refugees. He borrowed money from them, and when it became inconvenient to pay, he expelled them, and they were guillotined. These were the principles that the Liberal Government of Victoria was claiming for them. Every writer on international law had said that the prerogative with regard to aliens only appertained to an independent sovereign State. Mr. GAUNSON : The contention is that this is a sovereign State. Mr. SHIELS : A State that was subject to any higher authority was not a sovereign State. High authorities had said that the colo nies could not be regarded as distinct political organisations. They did work of legislative subordination. Her Majesty's Ministers in Victoria could not exercise the sovereign's prerogatives of peace and war. They could not confer honors. They might make the Speaker Lord St. Kilda, or the Premier Duke of Echuca— (laughter)— but there was no such power in their hands. They could not exercise the prerogative with regard to aliens, make aliens denizen subjects of Vic toria, nor grant them safe conduct. Mr. GAUNSON : Nor coin money. Mr. SHIELS : The principles of Higin bothamism went so far as to claim that the Governor was a viceroy— a constitutional monarch ; but it was decided that he was simply a special agent of the Queen, limited definitely by written instructions. In one of the colonial courts a judge had distinctly said that, had it not been for a passage in the Governor's instructions that allowed him to exercise independently of Ministers the power to pardon criminals, that power would not exist in the colony. The prerogative of peace and war did not belong to a colonial Executive, though they could create a scare. Mr. M'LELLAN : They can fight all the same, if they wish, Mr. SHIELS : It was declared by Chitty and Blackstone that the power to exclude aliens arose out of and was incidental to the war prerogative. If any doubt existed, it would be clearly removed by the fact that an act had been made in this colony to provide, for aliens coming in. It was mandatory on the authorities to admit Chinese if they tendered the poll tax, in the same way that they must admit imported goods if the duty payable on them was tendered. The Government had no power to exclude either. The Chinese who came in excess of tonnage requirements were not wrongdoers. They were under no obligation to ascertain what was the tonnage of the vessel in which they shipped. The captain and agents were the wrongdoers, and should be mulcted in the penalties. (Hear.) The recent Chinese conference had had the unparalleled effrontery to send home to the Queen a statement that was one of the most unblushing falsehoods he had ever heard. They called attention to the fact that the treatment of Chinese in the Australasian colonies had been invariably humane and considerate. (Oh, and Hear, hear.) At the same time Mr. Dailey was speaking in the New South Wales Council of the gross insult and injury to which Chinese were being subjected in the colonies. The act framed by that conference was most objectionable and evidently drawn up in haste. It was being modified in South Australia, and he felt sure the Attorney General would not introduce it to this House in its original form. The corres pondence between Ah Cheong and the Premier showed that the former was capable of giving the latter a good lesson in courtesy and good manners. (Hear.) An hon. member had asked would be suffer a Chinaman to take a seat, on the bench? What he would say in reply was that if Mr. Cheong, or any man, be he black or copper, had talents which God give him and had industry and put these talents to a right use, he was sure that the country would be true to its grand old British traditions and habits and welcome his suc cess. The Trades Hall and the Presbyterian Assembly had a perfect right to make their wishes known and to be treated with courtesy and politeness. He knew the churches took an adverse view in regard to the Government action ; but if the churches or Trades Hall or anybody else asked what was right, the Government would be guilty of the greatest poltroonery if they denied such a request. He could readily sympathise with the feel ings of the working classes in this matter. In unrestricted competition with the Chinese they saw an imminent danger of the bread being taken out of their children's mouths, and their hours of labor extended, their wages lowered, and their homes robbed of happiness and comfort. He rejoiced heartily in the position labor had won for itself in Australia, and by all righteous means he wished to help the toiling millions to guard their comfortable position, and, if pos sible to extend it. He did not look with favor at the accumulation of riches in perhaps a few hands at the top of the social ladder. They should, as statesmen, aim at a wider distribution of wealth. Nothing would pain him more than to see the standard of comfort lowered for the working classes in Vic toria. Economists pointed to the danger incurred by the State by giving the working classes a lower conception of happiness, as summed up in the word comfort. He would do his best by voice and vote to maintain that com fort, but by law. (Hear.) If he were in Eng land or America, he would join as heartily in the movement to prevent the influx of pauper labor, as he did in protecting colonists against Chinese labor. A man should guard and pro tect his own flesh and blood before that of a stranger. (Hear.) It was their duty to do something for their fellow colonists in helping them to make this country a smiling plain in stead of the wilderness which it was once. But while he would take every legal means to do this he would not be a party to the hypocrisy of pronouncing the Chinese more im moral and greater gamblers than we were our selves. Had we no natural sins to blush for, and hide our heads in shame? Were they to throw a stone at the poor Chinese ? Let their opposition to the Chinese be based on true grounds, which were that the working classes saw in that unrestricted competition with cheaper labor the lowering of their comforts, undue com petition, scarcity of employment, lower wages, and increased hours of labor. The men who came from China came from an antique civili sation, and a mode of life dating back thousands of years. These men they could not favor. They would not assimilate themselves with us, nor could we assimilate ourselves with them. The could not work our British institutions, yet those who were here had come under the faith of British law and honor and Victorian honor, if such things existed. They are a defenceless people living in our midst, and English honor demanded that they should receive just treatment. (Hear.) He would not be a party to any high handed injustice and intolerable wrong that would defame the British name and their Christian faith. (Hear.) Mr. BAKER regretted that, the speech of the hon. member (Mr. Shiels) had not been delivered in the earlier part of the debate, so that it might have been replied to by one mem ber of the Government who had already spoken. He desired to call the attention of the House to what protection had done for the farmers. It had for one thing cheapened the price of farming implements. Further help could be given to the farming community by abolishing gristing in bond. The Government should also offer a large bonus for the estab lishing a factory to manufacture, reapers and binders in the colony, so that these machines might be bought for about two-thirds of the price now paid for them. Neither the Melbourne, the Ballarat, the Sand hurst, the Geelong nor the Maryborough people had ever been asked to give any bond for the payment of interest on their waterworks, nor should anything of the kind be demanded from the farmers. He did not think himself that the farmers of his district were going to ruin, but unless relief, in the shape of rail way communication were given them, they would have to quit tbe land. He was entirely dissatisfied that no mention was made in the Governor's speech of any proposed railways for his district. If the Government did not do something in that direction they would certainly lose the confi dence of the country, and have to surrender their places to other administrators. It was also indispensably necessary, with regard to water supply, that the Government should con struct the head works, and the farmers would pay for the water when it was provided. Mr. HALL observed that the hon. member for Normanby had not produced any complaint in support of his statement that the Chinese were protesting in all parts of the colony against their treatment. A naturalised Chinese storekeeper at Yarrawonga had recently written to him (Mr. Hall) asking him to use his influence to prevent any restrictions being placed on the passage of Chinamen over the Murray, but he had nothing whatever to say about the legislation with regard to Chinese immigration. In truth, there was very little to complain of in this matter, and he thought that too much had been said on the Chinese question. He was glad to see that the farming interest had come prominently before the country, and he trusted the sympathy expressed would be carried out in a practical form when the revision of the tariff came before the House. He would like to know whether there was any truth in the statement that the Lands depart ment was pressing heavily upon the farmers in regard to the payment of their rents. Mr. DOW : In no instance have the farmers been pressed by the Government. (Hear, hear.) Mr. HALL : He was glad to hear that such was the case. He trusted the Government would reduce tbe freights on dairy produce, wire fencing, and also the passenger fares, and that a bill would be brought in to limit the compensation paid in the case of injury by railway accidents. Farmers had not asked for anything unreasonable. They simply asked for the same protection that was granted to industries in the metropolis. There was nothing unreasonable in asking for bonuses to enable them to establish new industries. He trusted the Government would do the best they could to remove the friction under which the farmers labored, by remedying some of their causes for complaint. On the amendment by Sir Bryan O'Loghlen, he could only say that if the Government introduced a Railway Bill this session, as Sir Bryan desired, it would not in clude the lines which members for country districts had recently asked to be surveyed, and another bill, including those lines, would be needed soon afterwards. It would there fore be best to postpone the introduction of a Railway Bill for the present; but on the other hand, the country really wanted a revision of the tariff immediately. An Electoral Bill had been long promised, and the country was looking for it. Mr. WRIGHT said that if the country was overdone it would be better for farmers to go to the towns and become consumers. This would improve the prospects of the remaining producers. Country, people, in some districts were no doubt badly off, but it was not the case in his district. The depression where it existed had been brought about by want of skill and capital combined. Many farmers knew nothing more than how to plough and sow grain after a fashion, and it required more skill and capital than they possessed to grow other crops. It would be a national calamity if irrigation was only, to be provided in order that more wheat might be grown. Too much was already pro- duced. None should be grown for exportation, but at present it could not be helped. Irriga- tion would probably have the effect of ena bling farmers to grow crops other than grain that would provide continuous employment, and this was an end much to be desired. The pre sent teaching in agricultural colleges ought to be extended. The Railway department did not provide proper accommodation for conveying meat, from the country to the Melbourne market, and he asked for some concessions in that direction for his district. Mr. HARRIS moved the adjournment of the debate. Mr. GILLIES asked hon. members to assist the Government in bringing the debate to a close next evening. Mr. BENT said he intended next evening to move an amendment, of which he would give notice now. His amendment was as follows :- This House begs to inform your Excellency that your advisers have failed in their duty to this House in respect to the chairman of the Public Service Board. Mr. GILLIES : Too thin. Mr. BENT thought the Government would have done something to have brought Mr. Templeton to comply with the law. But as that had not been the case, it would be his duty to go to the country on the matter, be it thin or thick, and test the feeling of the House whether Mr. Templeton was to be allowed to do as he liked. ADJOURNMENT. The House at 11 o'clock adjourned until the following (this) day. 