THE CHINESE CONFERENCE. The labors of the Intercolonial Confe- rence on the Chinese question are at an end. The delegate appointed by the New Zealand Government did not reach Sydney in time, and that colony was, therefore, unrepresented at the Conference ; but with this exception every member of the group of Australasian States had a share in the decisions which have been arrived at. It must be admitted that the Conference has completed its work with remarkable dispatch. The basis of action having once been settled, and that without much difficulty, everything that remained to be done seems to have been speedily disposed of. A more protracted discussion of the various points at issue might not un- reasonably have been expected. The colonies are by no means equally warm upon the general question. In New South Wales public feeling has been raised to fever heat by the numerous arrivals of Chinese, and the action taken by the Go- vernment there has tended rather to intensify than to allay the popular excitement. With the Queens- land people the further restriction of Chinese Immigration has also been a burning question. The threatened influx of Mongolians into the Northern Terri- tory, felt by the Queenslanders to be even a more serious danger to themselves than to their South Australian neighbors, lent new strength to the agitation for measures of prohibition, and at the recent general elections the cry for exclusion of the Chinese was taken up by all parties in the State. Victorian statesmen, while keenly appreciating the gravity of the crisis, have never lost their heads in dealing with it. The South Australian authorities, ready as they were to act when called upon to meet a sudden emer- gency, have similarly abstained from violent measures. Recent events have only indirectly affected the colonies of Tasmania and Western Australia, and consequently it was not likely that their representatives would be rushed, under the influence of a panic in which they did not share, to give consent to the adoption of a more drastic policy than the circumstances require. In spite, however, of conditions favoring much divergence of opinion, for the character and extent of the danger to be coped with was no doubt variously estimated by the delegates, a virtually unanimous agreement was arrived at by the Conference in an extraordinarily short time. Tasmania does not coincide in all the resolutions passed, and on some points Western Australia did not vote ; but in the main the finding of the Conference is accepted by the whole body of the dele- gates. This is a fact which will attach great weight to its conclusions, and should have an impressive effect as well upon the Imperial Government as upon the colonial Parliaments on whom the task of legislation now devolves. The Conference, in its treatment of the question, proceeded upon two distinct lines. First, recognising the Imperial as well as the colonial phases of the subject, it deter- mined upon a joint representation to the home authorities. But for the imme- diate protection of Australasian in- terests it was resolved, in the second place, that all the colonies should exercise their powers of legislation. A permanent solution of the Chinese diffi- culty is hoped for as the result of diplo- matic negotiations, but pending the con- clusion of a friendly treaty between the Courts of St. James and Pekin, the colonial legislatures are invited to take the matter into their own hands. In to- day's issue we publish the full text of Lord Knutsford's communication to the Conference, the telegraphed reply, and the Bill which it is proposed should be passed by the Parliament of each colony. Now that we are in possession of the Colonial Secretary's message, we are in a position to appreciate the slight value at which it was rated by the delegates. It was promised that the home authori- ties would suggest points for the discussion of the Conference. That promise was certainly fulfilled. But if kept to the ear it was broken to the hope. As a means of guiding the deliberations of the delegates, or assisting them to a right conclusion, Lord Knuts- ford's message can only be described as worthless. The gist of it is, that to avoid giving offence to the susceptibilities of the Chinese Government, and to facilitate the conclusion of a treaty, the colonial Parliaments in limiting im- migration should not discriminate against the Chinese, but apply their restric- tive laws and regulations equally to foreign laborers of all races. To please China by resort to measures which may possibly provoke resentment on the part of other countries is a curious method of solving the present difficulty. The Chinese question can surely be got rid of without incurring the risk of creating a German, a French, a Russian, or a Danish question. But the substantial answer to Lord Knutsford's suggestion is that the colonies are menaced by no danger of ex- cessive immigration from anywhere ex- cept China. They want population ; they do not desire to keep it away. The objection to the Chinese is an objection to the race, and it applies to no other people by whom the colonies are likely to be visited. In the respectfully worded reply to Lord Knutsford's message the Conference disposes of his suggestion with the remark that after discussion no scheme to give effect to it was found practicable. The commu- nication from the Colonial Office contains an allusion to the importance of the Aus- tralian colonies placing no obstacles in the way of the development of their com- mercial relations with the Chinese Empire. To this the answer is that China gains more than the colonies by the maintenance of friendly relations in regard to trade. In 1886 the exports from five colonies to China amounted to only £16,000, while of Chinese products the imports reached a total value of £846,000. China has an excellent cus- tomer in Australia ; but, it is observed, the former country offers at present no outlet of importance for the enlargement of colonial trade. The resort to immediate legislation is justified on the ground that the danger of a large influx of Chinese immigrants still continues, and that the length of time which may be occupied in negotia- tions with the Court of Pekin is quite uncertain. It is conceded that the most satisfactory settlement of the question would be the conclusion of an international agreement of an amicable character, but at the same time the Con- ference points out that the object in view can be fully attained by means of local legislation. The provisions of the Bill which has been drafted are indicated in the cable message to Lord Knutsford. With the avowed object of conciliating China, the Conference decided that it would be desirable to abolish the capita- tion tax now imposed by all the colonies. The Bill, however, provides that no vessel shall bring Chinese immigrants in a greater proportion than one to every 500 tons of the ship's burden. This is not exactly prohibition, but it is next door to it, and renders the imposition of a poll tax unnecessary. Whether a measure of this kind will be less offensive to Chinese susceptibilities than the exac- tion of a tax remains to be seen. From the colonial standpoint it meets all re- quirements, and if permanently enforced would obviate the need of any treaty. The Bill applies to all Chinese except officials or other classes who may be specially exempted by proclamation. No exemption is made in favor of Chinese who may have been naturalised as British subjects. Hongkong and other Crown colonies in the East are full of such, and it is as necessary to protect Aus- tralasia against an influx of this class as against the Mongolians who have not disowned allegiance to the Chinese Empire. The Conference expresses its faith in the desire of the home authorities to prevent the colonies being overrun by an alien race whose presence would be a constant source of trouble, irritation, and danger. The Imperial Government has been liberal in its professions of good- will, but thus far it has done little in the direction of affording practical help. The effect of the appeal of the Sydney Con- ference will be awaited with intense in- terest. The Savings Bank has reduced the rate of interest to be paid upon mortgages from 6 per cent, to 5 per cent. The receipts from the traffic on the South Australian railways during the week ending June 9 amounted to £18,293, compared with £11,519 received during the same period last year. The Conservator of Forests has been in formed that the so-called unemployed have re fused to accept the offer of work at cutting wood on the Belair reserve at the price of 4s. 6d. per cord. Mr. Brown estimates that a willing man can earn from 5s. to 6s. a day on the ground, but on Friday no applications whatever were received for employment. Mr. Hood attended at the Labor Bureau during Thursday afternoon to take the names of any who were willing to receive work. About 20 men put in an appearance, but upon being offered the work declined it. A similar number of men attended on Friday morning, but no engagements were made. It is probable that names will be enrolled to morrow morning for stonebreaking at Beetaloo. The practice of granting free passes to pri- soners discharged from gaol has been discon tinued by the Railway Commissioners. The chairman (Mr. Smith) says he fails to recognise why criminals should be allowed to travel free while the general public have to pay their fares, and in addition maintain the rail- ways. If other departments consider that pri- soners should be favored they will have to bear the expense. On the voyage of the steamer Cintra from Brisbane to Sydney one of the passengers—a deserter from the German Imperial Navy— suddenly disappeared and was supposed to have jumped overboard. The police boarded the vessel on arrival on Sunday (states the Sydney Daily Telegraph) and made a thorough search for the missing man, but failed to discover any trace of him until late Monday evening, when he was found secreted in one of the large iron columns in the engine room, having, it is sup- posed, been there some 24 hours without food. The man was at once made prisoner and lodged in the water police lockup, where he will be detained pending instructions from the German consul. An inquest was held at the Elephant and Castle Hotel on Friday, June 15, by Coroner Ward on the body of Edward Casey, who was found hanging from a beam in a hut near the Dry Creek Station. The evidence showed that the deceased was a ganger on the North line. On Thursday morning he was missed by his fellow-workmen, and on looking for him they discovered him suspended by a rope attached to a beam in his hut. His feet were about eight inches above the floor. The body was imme- diately cut down, and information forwarded to the Dry Creek police. The deceased, it was stated, had often complained of feeling lonely. The jury returned a verdict to the effect that Casey committed suicide while suffering from melancholia. The Conservator of Forests went to Port Elliot on Monday last, and in company with Mr. Hussey, M.P., and Mr. Field (chairman of the district council) proceeded to lay out the portion of the reserve there which it is intended to plant, and on Thursday morn- ing an officer of the department left to superintend the planting operations at both Port Elliot and Granite Island. Chiefly those trees which are suitable for seaside situations will be put in, comprising Pinaster, or cluster maritime pine ; Pinus halepensis, or Alleppo or Mediterranean pine ; Pinus insignia, or re- markable or Californian pine; Myoporum insulare ; the seaside blueberry bush, Melaleuca of sorts, the Tamarix Gallica, the Schinus molle (pepper tree), and the Robina pseud acacia, or false acacia. In order to protect the young trees wind-breaks of Port Lincoln wattles are to be also planted. The introduction of the electric light into business premises is of slow growth. In America and on the Continent electricity is fast superseding all other modes of illumina- tion, but in England the system has not been extensively adopted. In this colony it has not met with much favor so far, but Messrs. Calder & Balfour have just added it to their premises in Bundle-street. Recently this firm gave an order to Mr. P. Withers, of the Ade- laide electrical supply store, to fit up their shop with the electric light, and on Thursday even- ing the place was illuminated with it for the first time. The light is provided by twelve incandescent Swan lamps, and the current is supplied by Crompton's Burgin dynamo, driven by a half-horsepower gas engine. There are five lamps in the shop (two being in the window) and six upstairs, whilst one is being utilised on the engine as a pilot light. The light, which is managed by one of the firm's hands, burned very steadily at the trial, and gave satisfaction. Mr. A. L. Thrupp, who represents the Broad-Leaf Wattle Planting Syndicate, re- cently brought under the notice of the Agri- cultural Bureau the great desirableness of im- proving the standard quality of wattle-bark by exercising much increased care in the selec- tion of seeds, and he suggested that the Forest Department might devote some suitable and deeply cultivated land for the special purpose of bringing wattles to the highest possible state of perfection in order to obtain the best seed, which could be retailed to the public. Recognising the value of the idea, the Conservator of Forests on Thursday selected about 5 acres on the Belair reserve for the purpose. Mr. Thrupp's company purpose planting a small area near Balhannah with wattles for seed-producing. As there is this season a splendid show of buds on the Govern- ment plantations the conservator is making arrangements to collect something like 2 tons of seeds in those districts where the bark reaches the greatest perfection, and intending planters will be able to avail themselves of this source of supply during next year. The city coroner (Mr. T. Ward) resumed the inquest on the body of a male child which was found in Hurtle-square on Thursday, June 7. Dr. A. Laurence, who made a post-mortem examination, stated that there were no external marks of violence. The child had probably been alive within five hours of the time at which it was found. With proper nourishment and attention it would certainly have lived, as it was healthy and well-formed. Blood stains were noticeable on the clothes in which it was wrapped. A feather was clutched in one hand, from which the supposition arose that it had slept in a bed. From the examina- tion he was sure that the child had been wil- fully murdered. Detective Priest stated that in conjunction with P.C. O'Connor, he had made very careful enquiries in his endeavors to discover the mother of the child, but had been unsuccessful. Without retiring the jury returned a verdict of wilful murder against some person or persons unknown. We have been shown a specimen of the baskets that are being made and given by the aboriginals at the Point Macleay Mission Station on behalf of the enlarge- ment of the church there. They have commenced a lot of work of various kinds for this object, such as baskets and mats, and weapons of various descriptions, the materials used being reeds and stone, which is raised specially for the purpose. The articles are of excellent workmanship, and pretty specimens of native talent and industry in this direction. They are finding a ready sale in Adelaide, and may be obtained by communi- cation with Mr. Taplin at the mission. The native women are also helping on this work, and already a number of articles, amounting in value to about £20, have been given by the aboriginals. It is estimated that the additions to the church will cost about £180. The agricultural sub committee of the Royal Agricultural and Horticultural Society met on Wednesday afternoon to consider the following resolution passed at the last meeting:—"That the offer of the Hon. G. W. Cotton, M L.C., of a prize of £4 4s. for working men's blocks be inserted in the September show prize-list of 1888 on condition that within seven days he guarantee an amount for the payment of each prize, and also all expenses in connection with the judges to be appointed." The meeting was convened because Mr. Cotton had declined to guarantee the expenses in connection with the judging. The matter was discussed at some length, and eventually the resolution was carried in the following amended form:— "That a first prize of £4 4s. offered by the Hon. G. W. Cotton, M.L.C , and a second prize of £2 2s., presented by Mr. T. Atkinson, and honorable mention of third prize, be given for working men's blocks within a radius of 10 miles from a railway-station, such railway station not to exceed a distance of 50 miles from Adelaide, each competitor to be ex- pected to convey the judges to and from the railway-station to his homestead at his own cost." A case of interest to the theatrical profes- sion is, according to the Melbourne Herald, likely to engage the attention of a judge and jury at no distant date. The plaintiff, Mr. George Rignold, claims that Miss Carrie Swain, in playing "The Tomboy" as produced at the Theatre Royal with a real water effect, has infringed a copyright of which he is the owner by assignment from Mr. Douglass, of the National Standard Theatre, London. The theatrical triumvirate, under whose auspices Miss Swain is appearing in Mel- bourne, are the defendants in the action. Messrs. Williamson, Garner, and Musgrove are advised that they have a perfect right to use as much Yan Yean as may be required to produce the effect adver- tised. This the plaintiff denies, and an im- portant colonial case on copyright in dramatic productions is likely to be the result. The writ has been issued, and by it George Richard Rig-- nall (professionally known as George Rignold) v. Williamson, Garner, & Musgrove, theatrical lessees: action for alleged damages for infringe ment of a certain copyright as alleged, and for an injunction to restrain defendants from in fringing the said copyright, and for an account of all moneys received by defendants for repre- sentations of a piece called 'The Tomboy,' in which the said copyright is infringed as alleged. We have already announced the death of Captain Lodwick, which took place at his residence, Upper Norwood, London, on April 27\. In the course of repeated voyages from London to Adelaide the deceased mariner made many friends among the passengers, by whom the news of his death will have been heard with regret. Captain Lodwick com- menced voyaging to Adelaide in 1863 in the Adamant. He continued his visits in the Devonport from 1865 to 1867, when he assumed command of the Darra, which he retained till the close of his seafaring career in 1872\. Captain Lodwick, who was born in 1828, went to sea in 1839, and in 1853 he was appointed commander of the barque Protomelia, being the youngest man on board. 'From this time and throughout the Crimean and Persian wars,' writes the Nor- wood Review, 'Captain Lodwick was em- ployed as commander in ships engaged in the transport of troops, and always without acci- dent. Captain Lodwick was appointed a lieutenant in the Royal Naval Reserve in 1863, and made various voyages to Bombay, Ceylon, and Calcutta, and the experiences acquired of navigation of the Bay of Bengal no doubt was of much service to him in that memorable voyage where he was the means of saving his ship at that time carrying some hundreds of British troops. After several voyages in the Devonport with troops to Mauritius, Rangoon, and Port Blair in the Andamans, Captain Lodwick embarked the left wing of the 60th Rifles at the last named ports November 10 and 20, 1865. The officers, men, women, and children, numbered 358, besides 45 native camp followers. On November 24 Captain Lodwick anchored in Madras Roads. A strong north wind prevented the landing of the troops ; this speedily in creased and burst into the memorable and destructive Madras cyclone. Captain Lodwick stood to sea for the safety of his ship, and of the great freight of human lives committed to his care. The greatest anxiety for the safety of the ship was naturally experienced by the authorities, and as it was reported that the Devonport had been seen dismasted, the steamer Bueheer was dispatched as soon as available on 5th December in search of the Devonport, In the meantime the cyclone totally dismasted the Devonport on the 25th, and the utmost efforts of the troops, who behaved gallantly, were required to aid in clearing the wreckage, work the pumps, &c.; A false alarm as to the water in the hold caused the troops for a time to cease working, but the intrepid commander found his way into the forehold, personally examined the bottom of the ship, and on his assuring the soldiers that there was very little water they worked again with a will. On 28th and 29th Captain Lod- wick succeeded in erecting jury masts, and on 8th December anchored once more in Madras Roads. Not a single European was lost, but four natives died, and four were blown over board.' A report has been submitted to the New South Wales Minister for Mines by the geo- logical survey branch on the discovery of two new caves at Jenolan. The first is situated at the extreme end of the Elder Cave, the en- trance being reached from that point by an almost vertical descent of about 20 feet over fallen rocks. The cave consists of a long narrow passage, having a total length of about 90 feet, and an average width of 4 feet. The first part—i.e., for a distance of about 50 feet from the entrance— has the appearance of an arched tunnel on a winding inclined plane, the incline being continuous and at an incline of about 45. The ascent is made over a crystallised rock for- mation, which forms the floor of the cave. The sides are well studded with stalactites, which gradually diminish in length as they approach the centre of the roof ; stalagmites are not so numerous. Standing upright in this part of the cave, except in one or two places, is out of the question, as the height to the centre of the roof does not average more than 3 feet, and at two points the passage narrows to such an ex- tent that only small openings are left just suffi- ciently large to admit of an ordinary sized man forcing his way through. The second part of the cave is gained by making a straight drop of about 10 feet from the top of the incline or end of the first part. There you find yourself in a lofty passage about 40 feet in length and 4 feet in width : and in this small area nature has formed one of the prettiest caves of the whole group. It is really a varied collection of the finest specimens as found in the other principal caves. In it are grouped grand stalactites and stalagmites of various lengths and shapes, columns in clusters over 10 feet in height, and shawls rivalling in beauty those formed in the Im- perial Cave, but of a different shape, in that they are not flat but rather of a gouge-shaped sec-- tion and pointed, are grouped in great variety ; in some cases stalactites for the centre of shawls, giving them a rare appearance. Like those of the music-hall in the Lucas Cave the stalactites and shawls in this cave, when struck, give out various notes, and from their great number different peals could be rung at the same time and almost any note sounded. A bed of crystals having a wonderful combina- tion, similar to the Fairies' Retreat in the Im- perial, is also found in a cavity on the left hand side below the level of the floor. A feature of this cave is the remarkable whiteness and transparency of the different formations. To see this cave by the aid of the magnesium light would well repay the visitor for the trouble experienced in reaching it. The second newly discovered cave is a few yards to the left, and on the same level as the entrance to the other one. Being a small cave all the formations are in miniature. It has innumerable small stalactites studding the whole of the roof, all of which appear very clear and fresh and in the course of formation. Small columns range themselves all round the sides, and a few in the centre of the cave, but none of them are more than 1½ inches in diameter. There are also a number of miniature shawls, similar in appearance to those of the Imperial Cave. On the left hand side and near the entrance is a very pretty coral-like bed, and in the immediate vicinity the stalactites assume, a very peculiar and altogether different form from that of the rest. Instead of being pointed, each is tipped with a lime crystal, per- fectly shaped and glittering like a diamond, and this being about twice the size of the stalactite has the appearance of having been stuck on to the end. This cave can be seen to advantage by only one person at a time and in a recumbent position with the head only inside the cave, and then the whole can be seen at a glance. By the aid of the magnesium light a very pretty effect would be produced, especially when directed on the coral bed. 