TEE PANAMA CANAL. During next month M. de Leaseps' will be 83 yean old, His natural force is not abated, and he Ib still as ardently anxloflato reform the ceoeraphlcal aspect of the world as he was thirty-four years ago, when he astounded Said Paaha with his project of the Suez Canal. History tells how he carried this project finto action, fighting the while against the oppo sition of prejudice and of science. .Our own George Stephenson, the most enlightened scientist of his time in England, pooh poohed the idea ;: speculators In Great Britain were frightened because, as It waa represented 'to them, the object of the French engineer was to -attain for his country a'decided footing in Egypt. : But the Indomitable energy of the jman carried him over, all obstacles. . He lived to see the time when, in 1869,. the Canal was opened to t&e; merchant i navies of the world, and when later the British Government became a large share- ? holder in the undertaking; It Is, of course, to the successful conduct of this Suez Canal enterprise thatM. de Lessens owes his fame, and it is to this that he must credit the surprising support which has been given to his Panama scheme. We certainly have no wish to 'make light of his latest undertaking. The attempts of great men are sacred. But it 1b absolutely necessary to repeat the warning which we gave some years ago, and to state that of all bad invest ments — not excepting luby-fields and silver mines — the Panama Canal scheme still seems to be about the most unpro mising. In January of 1886 M. de Leaseps re marked at a meeting of the Society of Sciences in Paris, 'I am sure that in sixty days I shall report to you with all authority that the Panama Canal work will be ready, at latest, during 1889.' To do him justice, he fulfilled his promise, and duly announced that the Canal would be ready in that year. But assurances, even though they come from so distinguished a personage as M. de Lesseps, are not worth a fig unless their truth can be proved; and, unfortunately, this essential contribution to the stability of a case is absent now. Nor h the past history of the Canal undertaking reassuring. In 1880 M. de Lesseps estimated the cost at £23,000,000, or £16,000,000 less than the estimate of the Paris Congress. He raised the amount to £30,600,000, supplemented it in 1885 by a call on the share holders of £3,000,000, and later by another call of a tJ-ratiw amount Subsequent calls and loans by lottery have brought the amount placed at the disposal of the promoters up to fully £70,000,000 sterling. The expenditure of money, however, Is not the only Important feature in connection with the Canal What the world wants to know is when the Work is to be brought to completion. Of course it would be absurd to repose implicit faith in the assurances of M. de Lesaeps, who has at different times declared to his share holders that the work would be completed in 1888, In 1889, and, now, in 1890. If he keepB on like thb he will possibly be right some day, but by that time, as we suppose, most of the original shareholders will nave passed away, to a land where canals are not wanted. The date of the opening fades Into the dim distance of the future, and we should mainly occupy ourselves now with the amount of work to be done. The Paris Congress estimated the amount of excavation at 46,000,000 cubic metres^ Two years ago M. de Lessens put it down at three, times that total. If the work grows proportionately it ought now to stand at a very respect able figure ; but on this point we have to trust to probabilities, for the simple reason that the authorities preserve a discreet silence. There is, however, this point to guide us. About one-fourth of the work— and this, so far as one can gather, is a generous estimate — has been done at a cost of one-third of the capital. Even supposing that one half of the work had been done, it ha necessary to remember that in the re maining half great difficulties have to be met. The ground is harder the more the men go forward. They began from the Atlantic side, where the obstacles to be met were leas important, and they have now fairly touched the rocky ground which has to be overcome before they reach the other ocean. Naturally the cost of excavation, as it takes more time and makes heavier demand upon the patience and smew of labourers, will be much heavier than at earlier stages of the work, and unless the Company can com mand cheap labour and plenty of it the chances are that Mi de Lesseps will have to make another appeal to the generosity of his countrymen. -., , ,.,. -?, ^ .-«?:?, [Has he'gofr sufficient labour ? Upo-Sthis point one .can derive unexpeoted^InfOTina tion from the Jamaica Blaebook of 1887. The exodus of labourers from Jamaica to Panama has been very considerable since the Inauguration of the Canal works, th© number leaving in 1887 being 10,418 as against 8,601 in the preceding year. Bat the Governor of Jamaica was informed that Mb people in Panama were in a very bad state, and he accordingly very wisely Bent an officer to examine into theit condition. This officer found that there were a great many people out of employment at Panama, there being little or no work doing there ; that persons were frequently imprisoned for trivial offences ;. and that the unemployed when sick were left to look after themselves, the result naturally beinp- o.c*c and wide spread distress. IW this incidental' contribution to the literature of] the subject goes very clearly to show] that there is no lack of cheap labour car the/ Canal. But the facts of ' the \ case as distinctly prove that without cheap labour the work cannot profitably be performed within the ' speci fied time or, indeed, within; any time. The more the work progresses towards its proposed destination the harder 1b the ground through which it must be carried ; the longer is the time which it will take ; and the greater is the -?? expense which muBt be met. Ab we; learnt from the revelations of M. Bonaparte Wyse, one of the founders of the Panama Company, money has been waatojl In all directions. Roads have been maSe where no necessity demanded, expensive build ings have been put up, and large smm- have been squandered on useless or ex ; travagant undertakings. Againflt:all this evidence we have ' only, 'the word of M. de LeuBeps. His assurance must be- treated with profound respect aa that of an eminent engineer who has added to the wonders of the world, and who could find it hardly worth his. while to deliberately m'aleai. But the word of M. de LessepB must be discounted in^this particular case, if only because he baa already given three distinct dates for the opening of the CanaL' Hdw are we to know that he has not made as great a mistake In naming 1890 as he con fessedly made when he namad 1888 ? But this much Is sure, that when the Canal' Is really open to tr&ffio;, whatever may ba the chances of profit to the shareholders, a great boon will have been conferred oo- the human race. Many a great man,, whose name Ia honoured all the: worfct over, will then be less esteemed7 than ths peaceful conqueror;of space— the author of the Suez and Panama Canals. Chinese Bestbiction Exxbaobtjihaby*. — Nothing could have been more oppor tune as an illustration of the harshness} and injustice of the operation .of the present and proposed restrictive laws against the Chinese in Australia than the statement published by us yester day of the gross affront which has been offered to Mr. Way Lee. That gentleman has for years carried on trade in Australia ; has approved himself as thoroughly honourable and! straightforward in all his doIngB ; has deservedly sained the reputation of beinz. an exemplary citizen, strict hi his regard for municipal rules and regulations, and' vigilant in his endeavours to enforce the maintenance of law and order;, has is an unostentatious way ren dered generous aid to those in want; in fact haa set an example of respect for the lawB, regard for authority, diligence and honesty in business, and' openhanded but discriminating benevo lence. He has in a perfectly legitimate and proper way established a branch business on the Barrier, and naturally enough he wishes to visit it from time to time to Bee how it fares. But the right to do this, which would not be denied to the meanest and most dis reputable European trader, 1b denied to - him. By crossing the Border into New South Wales he rendera himi-elf liable to a heavy fine, which he -would have to pay if it were demanded every time he visited the neighbouring colony. This is manifestly a state of things in the highest degree discreditable to the colonies. Even taking it that provision exists for giving Chinamen crossing from one province to another the opportunity of obtaining a passport exempting them from penalties the affront to their nationality and to themsalves is still offered. The odious distinction mads to their detriment appears all the more in tolerable when the operation of the law affects such a man asMr. Way Lee, but it ia the principle that calls for unmeasured condemnation. It 1b admitted on almost all hands that the influx of Chinese into Australia from abroad should be re stricted. That is a matter of national policy which is not immoral oc even unjust in itself, and which, whether it is enforced by a poll tax or by the much Icbb obnoxious method of a tonnage limitation, may properly be enforced. But it is quite another thing to place Chinamen who have been admitted to these shores under a series of uncalled-for and insulcing disabilities. Why should Mr. Way Lee, who haa established as strong a claim upon the goodwill of his fellows and the protection of the State aa any of his trade competitors, be placed at a aerioui disadvantage in carrying on his business because he .happens to have been born in the Flowery Land? Why should he be helot up to the ridicule and scorn of his fellow colonists because he hails from China? The time will surely come when Aus tralians will be heartily ashamed of con duct which savours more of the narrow and intolerant spirit of the dark ages than of the enlightenment and liberality of modern times. Surely the Legislative Council in dealing with the Restriction Bill which la to be placed hi their charge to-day will see that a law so cruel and invidious shall no longer disfigure the Statute-book. If Europeans in Aus tralia are bo mortally afraid of Chinese competition that they deem it well to continue to subject Chinamen to dia abilitieB, -rarely they will provide for the exemption of men like Mr. Egge and Mr. Way Lee, who have closely identified themselves with Australia for many years, who have proved admirable colonists, and are ten times more worthy of consideration at the hands of the State than the great majority of those who raise an outcry against them. It is in accordance with British traditions and the genius of British law that all who form part of the community shall receive equal protection, but if for high reasons of State the Celes tials among us are to be made an excep tion at least let there be a Statute of limitations of which they can after residing here for a course of years take advantage. Thb M.M. Sxbahbb Satiatx* at Albany. —The M.M. mail steamer Salazie arrived at Albany on Saturday, and sailed again at 6 p.m. She will reach Adelaide thlB evening, and will Ban again for Melbourne and Sydney about midnight. Thb Wsxk's Pabuaxxhk— Thera is not ft very heavy Notice-paper in the Legislative Council this week ; bnt/inenabera will haive plenty to do, aa the Chinese. Immigration Restriction fill will be received from the Assembly to- day. Thia afternoon the Hon. 6\. W. Cotton wfllttble a resolution affirm ing the desnabflity of selection before survey in connection with oar land system ; and the Hon. S. TomkinBon wfll move—' That it is desirable to resume assisted immigration, and to introduce a considerable number of female domestic Bervantj forthwith,' The second reading of the Marine Abolition Bill will be moved, and the rest of the afternoon will be occupied in the consideration of the Mining on Private Property, Innkeepers, and Local Courts Bills in Committee. In the Assembly there is the usual string of [questions to be answered, and the Treasurer will move for leave to introduce the Municipal Corporations Bill, a measure which will receive considerable attention at the hands of hon. members. The Water works Bill will be read a third time, and the Institutes Bill will be taken out of Com mittee, after which the Attorney- General will move the second reading of the Mer chandise Marks BilL Supply is the next on the Notice-paper, but if it is reached before the adjournment hour the Treasurer may postpone it until after dinner acd go on with the Stock Diseases and Employers' Liability Bills. The evening sitting will be occupied in the discussion of the Estimates, and there will be a renewed debate on the opening line— the Government Geologist. The other business set down comprises the eecond readings of the Federal Council, Brands, and Education Bills, There are eight notices of motion on Wednesday's Paper. Mr. Hussey will set the ball rolling with the following— 'That it is desirable that the charges for carriage of goods on the South Australian railways shall be uniform throughout the colony, rebate for distance only being allowed ;' and he will be followed by Me. Landseer, who will endeavour to have the time for the sitting of Parliament altered so that the Eudget speech can be delivered early in February. Mr. Battlett is to take exception to the final report of the Pastoral Board with reference to the division of country on the west coast and Fowler's Bay Ban, while Mr. Castine will move that the newregulations in connection with the De fence Forces Act be fe^fcpn into '^''JTitffoni The most important of the mm binder is a motion by Mr. Stirling— 'That in any altera tion of the present Electoral Act it is advis able that the aggregate number of members of Parliament should be reduced.' The first Older of the Day Is Sir John Downer's Divorce Tgrtgn«nri BQ1, the debate upon the second reading of which wiU be resumed by the Hon. C C. King ston, An effort will be made to take a division on the second reading this week, and it is said that Sir John has a majority in favour of the measure. Mr. Dashwood has the right to resume the debate upon Mr. Holder's motion— 'That so much of the resolution passed on Wednesday, September 12, relating to the future salary of Governors, as affects the remission of the duties on wines and spirits, be read and rescinded,' and Mr. Hopkins will speak upon the question of local option. The only other business is the consideration of the report of the Committee on the Evidence BID, and the adiourned debate upon the motion of Mr. Nash with reference to the calling of tenders for the erection of the tower of the new Parliament Bufld^igs. Sahjsb o? ess Sxdhby.— The Messagaries Maritimea mail Bteamer Sydney sailed at noon on Monday for Europe. The Peoposed Nkw Railway Siatiok. ^The Sail way ffi-7mn*|U|foWM-wt »tb very union impressed with the belief that a large annual' saving of expenditure would be effected by the erection ot a new railway station in Adelaide. They are about to report to the Government on the subject, and if their state ments are borne out no doubt the proposal will be faTonrably considered. Tim GOKDOH T.gn-ritu,— finfarFftig fa) the telegram from our 'g«dfa» correspondent to the effect that a letter, apparently written by General Gordon, and dropped by Arab hawkers, had been picked up in the streets, we received by last night's post the docu ment, which met faithfully the description given of it and its contents, except as to one important particular. It was weather worn, crumpled, and torn, and the writing was in style as genuine as the matter was correct ; but the letter was unfortunately a copy. Thfo was only proved, however, by a careful comparison with a fac-simile published by the Graphic of March 28, 1885, which was furnished us by Mr. fiodda, of Saddleworth, and there can be now no doubt but that the Kadina document is after all a part of one of the supplements of that issue. It is a striking testimony to the excellent character of the work of our London contem porary that where time spoils the freshness and mutilation deprives it of the statement that it is a fac-simile there should be so fine a resemblance in the letter to an authentic document that even a practised eye might be deceived. Thb Pott Tax ok Mb. Wat Lee.— We understand that the Premier intends to take no action with a view of dissuading the New South Wales Government from requiring Mr. Way Lee to pay the poll tax on crossing the Border to Broken Hill. It is said that a permit could doubtless have been easily obtained had application been made in time, but Mr. Way Lee cannot erpect-hia move ments to be anticipated by the Customs authorities. Wreck.— The Collector of Customs has received the following telegram from the Sub Collector of Customs, Fort Darwin:— ' Lugger Mindel struck on Casuarina Beef, Grange Bay, W.A., and became total wreck. Crew after being several hours in the water were rescued by a passing boat. Loss put down to carelessness;' The Lais Ms. D. Livejgstos, M.P.— We understand that the late Mr. Livingston has left a substantial bequest.to found an annual scholarship to the Roseworthy College, and that a large proportion of the balance of his estate is bequeathed to religious bodies for the education of students for the ministry. Tes Cm Council.— No very important business was transacted at Monday's meeting of the Councfl. The Mayor had upt^fng to report upon beyond incidentally referring to the recent official visit to the Destitute Asylum and MngjT| Indusfarial School. The formal work was soon got through, and the Council adjourned after sitting for an hour and a quarter. Mr. W. Dawaon, the Mayor of Dunedm, New Zealand, was seated beside the Mayor during the meeting, and after ward^ his health was drunk In the Reception room. The Works Committee reported that various improvements wen to be effected at the Theatre Royal with a view of providing better means of escape from the Theatre in case of fire. In the report of the committee of the whole Council, which met to consider matters relating to the ground known aa the Governor's Garden, the action of the Mayor in having the oaktree cut down was fully endorsed, *''* mention was alao made that authority had been given for the felling of other trees in the vicinity. The historical palm is to be conserved, and Beats will be arranged round it. Permission was given for tiie use of a twin-boat, to be worked by a screw propeller, on the Lake for passenger traffic. Councillor Packer moved a motion affirming the desirableness of having the footpath through the Jubilee Exhibition Grounds opened, bat it was resolved to postpone the decision on the matter in order to allow of the locality being visited. The MacDossbll Rahgb Goldftblds.— Messrs. B. E. Warburton and E. W. Parke, who have recently arrived in Adelaide from Alice Springs, state that they recently visited the goldfields about 80 mfto east of Alice Springs. Ihey found that there were visible for many miles quartz outcrop3 in a well grassed and timbered country. The reefs cropping above the surface run m Borne oases folly a mile, and generally speaking carry gold throughout, and up to the present over 5CC c'aims have been pegged out. AJ present little actual work has been done owing to scarcity of water and want of tools and machinery. Aboul 2 tons of stone from the Wheal Fortune claimB, assayed by tha Copper Company, hat given a result of 2$ oz. to the ton. Mr, Warburton informs us that he was presenl when this stone was broken off the outcrop. which in onejtlace stands S^feef above the. lurface. Both gentlemen are convinced [of the richness of the reefs, and are skonRlvjof. . opinion that the Government should help thef prospectors by establishing a Warden on the' ground and assisting them regarding water supply, which at present is their mini difficulty. All stores are procurable at mode rate coat, and meat is cheap. The road from the present head of the Great Northern line to the reefs is passable at all seasons, and a coach runs every- month to Alice Springs, where arrangements can easily be made for conveyance to the fie'd. CannsALSnnires.— The October Criminal Sittings of tbe Snpreme Court wDl begin .to day before the Chief Justice and Juries. Tbe following is the calendar :— Tuesday- Joseph James Carter, forgery; Henry Borlace (on bail), indecent assault; John Edward Pederick (on bail), unlawfully pawning, &o.; ; Edward Terrell Jame3, bigamy; William Hughes and Sydney Fife, burglary ; Richard Staples Smyth, false pretences. Wednesday —Bessie Costello (on bail), forgery ; Bruno Steinhauser, larceny by a servant ; Thomas Belgrave Grey (on bail) embezzlement ; Ed ward William Wyatt (on bail), conspiracy; Margaret Magee, arson. Thursday— Edward Boyd and AlexanderDow, breaking, entering, and stealing in shops. Agbicultup il Buebatj,— At the meeting of the Bureau on Monday afternoon, October 1, the question of the Hessian fly came on for discussion, and it was considered that any delay in dealing effectively with the matter must oauce serious damage to the crops. Ab Mr. Molineux was about to visit Victoria it was decided that he should try to ascertain what action had been taken in that colony to deal with the Bame matter. Begarding the prevalence of phylloxera at Smyrna, the Government are to be strongly urged to join with the other colonies and take united action to prevent the introduc tion of the disease. Bbokkk Hill Gas Compast.— Mr. Ander son, who was formerly engineer to the South Australian Gas Company, and is at present engineer to the Broken Hill Gas Company, informs us that the whole of the plant for the Barrier may be expected to be landed shortly. Part of it has already been landed from the steamer Restitution, another portion is in the recently arrived ship Dochra, and the re mainder is in the Bayard, which is dally expected. No time will be lost in taking the plant, which Mr. Anderson selected in Eng land, and which is of an excellent character and larger than that originally erected at Fort Adelaide, to Broken Hill, where it is hoped it will be in working order by the middle of December. Mr. Anderson has been asked to report on the water supply there, and will consider the subject on Mb visit there directly. Govsehmkht DoOKTABD. — Why Is the valuable plant at the Dockyard allowed to remain idle? This was an - oft-repeated question in the Port on Monday, October 1, when it became generally known that twenty eight men had been discharged from the Dockyard on the plea that there was no work to do. The completeness and ex cellency of the machinery now unused fa the yard is undoubted, and many see no reason why more Government work could not be put through the Dockyard. The men who have been discharged were aware of the proposed step only on Friday, and are naturally much concerned at the state of affaire. Representations have been made to a local Coanoll, and arrange ments are being completed to wait upon the Treasurer to suggest that the yard be put upon a more practical basis, and that Govern ment work going into private hands be done at the Dockyard. It is affirmed that some work at present being done outride for the Protector could be executed equally well at the yard. Some of the men thrown out of employment have been at the Dockyard for from ten to twelve years. Thb Poke Lxhcolh Gaol.— Mr. W. A. Horn, M.P., waited on the Chief Secretary on Monday, and presented a petition from Magistrates and others resident in the Dis trict of Lincoln, praying that the Port Lincoln Gaol might not be closed as sug gested by the Civil Service Commission. The Chief Secretary informed Mr. Horn that he would submit the matter to his colleagues for consideration in oonnectio with the report of the Commission. atpitm-ptkt- Suicide. — A roan named Tom Kennedy, who had been in he employ of Mr. A. Jaeschke, farmer, of near Mannum, was brought before Messrs. B. Baseby and J. W. Walker, J.P.'s, on Saturday, charged with having attempted to commit suicide by taking strychnine. From the evidence it appears that whilst travelling np the river in search of work he found an ounce bottle of strychnine in a deserted hut. This he placed in his swag, and on Tuesday morning last Mr. Jaeschke's attention was drawn to the man lying very ill in the chaffhouse. On being questioned he admitted having taken the contents of the bottle, stating aa Mb reason that he was tired of Mb life. Dr. Watta was Bent for, and having attended to the man lie eventually recovered. Kennedy, who does not appear in Ms right mind, was sent on for trial at the Criminal Sittings, Tbotjt us tbe Ojteapabinga.— On Saturday afternoon a man named Bright, in the employ of Messrs. Johnston Brothers, brewers, of Oakhank, while fishing in the Onkapaxinga, near Mr. Johnston's house at Oakbank, hooked a splendid trout 25& inches long, 11 inches in circumference in front of the dorsaQ tin, and 10 inches behind. The fish, which weighed 4 lb. 9 oz., is the first trout caught in the colony, is beautifully marked, and has been sent down to the Museum. It is supposed to be one of the fish brought out by the Acclimatization Society and placed in the river a few years ago. DisTBiBurtox of Ast Phizes.— There was a crowded attendance in the Town Hall, Norwood, on Monday evening, October 1, when the Mayor (Mr. G. E. C. Stevens) presented the prizes to the successful competitors in connection with Mr. Ashton's art examina tion. Mr. H. P. GUI, master of the School of Design, delivered an interesting address upon art matters, and at the close an elegant afternoon tea service in silver was presented to Mr. Aahton by bis students in token of their esteem for him. The hall was graoe fully decorated with flags and flowers, and after the distribution a ball was held and most successfully conducted. The attendance at the exhibition of pictures has been very large. ? :; 'Thb PicnraESQUH Atlas.'— The pub-. Ushers of the 'Picturesque Atlas of Aus tralia' have now sent out their thirtieth number, which is the second of the third and last volume. Part XXX., like its immej diate predecessor, deals exclusively with New Zealand. The history of that colony is much more stirring than that of any other part of the Southern Hemisphere, and the recital of that history, begun with the preceding number, is not yet finished at the end of this. The story of the native disturbances and the Maori war make interesting reading, and the value of the narrative is enhanced by the evident absence of bias in the mind of the writer, who saw in some of the Maori uprisings signs not necessarily of natural bloodthtrstiness, but proofs of patriotism and national aspiration, and who re membered that if the native popula tion did cruel things sometimes, they had suffered cruel things at other times. Hone Heke, the famous Maori leader, of forty yean ago, is indeed praised for Mb cMvalrous conduct shown at times when provocation for a display of the worst side of Mb character might have been pleaded. This remarkable Maori (whose portrait is given) was at one time a lay reader in the Church of England. The native estimate of his greatness and of the relative littleness of the kingdom upon which the sun alwtys shines is shown by the fact that after Heke had been successful in some engagement with the colonial troops, they gleefully reported throughout the country *' One wing of England is broken cd lies dangling on the ground !' In Novem ber, 1845, Captain Grey arrived in New Zea land from Adelaide. by the aMp Elphinstone, ; and soon after the difficulty with Heke had been arranged, and Heke and Governor Grey breakfasted together. Most of the pictures in this put are associated with the Maori wars and with the heroes of those wars. Of the latter there are General Cameron, the British .Commander, and (amongst other native gentlemen whose prodigious names greedilj. exhaust the alphabet) Tamati Waka Nene, Te Wherowhero, Rewi Mani Poto. , The former are represented by a spirited sketch of ' A charge of tha New Zealand cavalry at the Battle of Orakau,' ' The Mauka Battlefield,' and 'The Siege Df Pukerangiora.' Historical requirements have crowded out at present moat of the merits of the wonderful New Zealand acenery, which are to form the chief charm of this third volume of the 'Atlas;' bat already is given a beautiful frontispiece picture of Cape Baonl by Schell. Equally effective in their way, though less pretentious, are sketches of Mount Bnapehu, Roto Aira, Raogiriri, and the Bev. S. Ashwell's mission station on the Waikato River. Of the other artistic work, the excellent portrait of an old So ith Aus tralian Governor, Sir 'William Jervoia, should be mentioned with the note that Sir William is warmly complimented upon his energy! in completing the fortifications of the colony which he must leave so soon. j Adelaide School Boabd.— A meatingj of the Board of Advice was held at the Educa tion Offices on Monday afternoon, October 1. There were present— Messrs. J. L. Bonytbon [Chairman), J. Anderson, T. Rhodes, V. Lawrance, A. Adamson, John Gordon, and L. Grajaon, M.P. TUb being the last-named gentleman's first appearance at the. Board the Chairman, on behalf of the members, give him a hearty welcome. It was decided^on Friday week to officially visit_ the Grote street School. In the evening another meet ing was held at the Grote-street Training College, when a large number of cases ot irregular attendance were dealt with, the necessity of a truant scnool being strongly impressed upon the Board, which was repre sented by Messrs. J. L. Bonython, 3. Toms, r, Rhodes, A. Adamson, and L. Grayson. Mr. Drummond, School Visitor, also attended. Zoological AiroAajLiMAnzAnoirSocreir. —A meeting of the Council of this Society was held in the Mayor's Parlour, Town Hall, tm Friday, September 28. Present — Sir Edwin Smith (in the chair), the Hobs. J.1 C. Bray, G. C Hawker, and Henry Scott, Messrs. A. Abrahams, George Boothby, G. W. Goyder, W. J. Magarey, and the Direc tor (Mr. Minchin). Apologies for non attendance were received from His Honor the Chief Justice, Sir Samuel Davenport, Mr J. H. Bagster, and Mr. J. Sanderson. A letter was received from the Hon Secretary to the Field Naturalists' Section of the Royal Society, asking the Council to co-operate with the Royal and other Societies In the sndeavour to procure a mutable reserve for the protection of native fauna and flora. The Director was instructed to Bay that the Council regretted its inability, to assist in the movement. The following gifts, received sinoe the last meeting of the Council, are thankfully acknowledged : — 1 bandicoot, from the Museum ; 2 doves, Mr. E. J. Price, North Adelaide ; a quantity of plants, Mr. Edwin Smith, Walkerville ; do., Mr, Henry Sewell, Payneham ; do., Mr. F, J. Naiah, Glenelg ; da, Mr. William Everard, J.P., Ashford ; do., Dr. Schomburgk ; do., Messrs. E. & W. Hackett; 1 native cat, Mr. H. A. Waly.North terrace ; 2 emus, Mr. J. E. Brown, Conser vator of Forests; 1 opossum, Mr, F. Fair weather, Willunga ; 1 blue coote, Messrs. Ward Brothers, Ulooloo ; 1 owL Mr. G. Mortimer, Burnside ; 1 eagle, Mr. B. Sari, Moontar; lot of plants, Mr. F. S. C Driffield, North Adelaide ; 3 pea fowls, Mr. W. Ind, Paradise. Thb Chcissb Qoeshok.— Mr. Henry Taylor, now of Olary, lately occupied a working, man's block on the Torrena- road, and npon which he made various Improve-, menls, amongst other things providing an irrigation plant. Of late he has been; endeavouring the let the holding, and; amongst other applicants was one Ah Chung, who has, however, withdrawn his application for reasons set oat in the following corre spondence :— ' To Mr. H. Taylor. Dear Sir —Owing to the reports appearing in the papers I don't think that I can take the garden, as people seem to have a great objec tion to Chinese neighbours.— Yours truly, Ah Chuhg.' Beply.— 'Mr. Ah Chung. Dear Sir— I am aahamed of the reasons assigned for your not taking the place. It Is all because the people are too ignorant to see the real cause of the unwholesome competi tion in the labour market that they make a scapegoat of people of other nationalities. However, another generation will be wiser, and then the -real culprits will be spotted, and it will then be understood that it is not the producers of any nationality, however quickly or cheaply they may produce, who spoil us, but the vultures, who by the present unjust laws and customs are allowed to prey on the results of the industry of the masses and consume them.— Yours truly, Hbnbt Tasxob.' South Australian Society, of Coaoh makebs.— The annual meeting of the Society was held on Monday, October 1, at the Plough and Harrow Hotel. There was a fair atten dance and the President (Mr. W. A. Bath) occupied the chair. The balance-sheet showed a considerable increase of funds, and the Secretary's report stated that an improve ment had been affected in the membership and the general stability of the Society. The tariff had made a marked difference to the workmen in the coachmaking trade, as proved by the fact that for the past year only £3 10s. had been paid to unemployed members as out of-work pay as against £28 10a. paid the pre ceeding year. Mr. W. S. Bickford was elected President, Mr. G. H. Jenner Vice President, Mr. W. A. Robinson Secretary, and Mr. J. Salmon Treasurer. Messrs. Robinson, Salmon, and Davis were elected representatives on the Trades and Labour Council. It was stated that during the day Messrs. Fulton & Co. had given notice to their engineering employes that they would be required to work that day, night, and suc ceeding day without a break. The men had a meeting and drew up a respeotful request that they be allowed to knock oS at 5 o'clook, but if the work was imperative they should be paid time and a quarter for their over time. At half-past 4 a reply was raoeived from the firm, saying that those who did not wish to work could go to the office and get their back pay, wMch meant dismissal. The men were also given to understand thai all those who left the works at 5 o'clock would be discharged. The whole of the men interested— about thirty— left The matter was brought before the Society as an in stance of the manner in which a quarrel could be thrust upon the men, and as an instance of the ingratitude of a firm which owed its present position to the active exertion of the working classes. A vote of £5 was made to the Newcastle Strike Fund in addition to the £5 previously given. New Zealand Iksubakc*.— Insurance business in New Zealand has been of a very unprofitable character for several years past. The results of a compilation of the figures of the seven New Zealand Companies during the past ten years (according to the New Zealand Insurance and Finance. Journal) show that six Companies out of the seven have had three or more years during the ten in wMch they have made an actual loss, amounting in the aggregate to a very large sum, while in the case of three offices the result' of ten years' business has been an actual positive loss. The New Zealand Insurance Company aloce has succeeded in making a fair income out of their underwriting busi ness, nine years work having produced on the whole an average of 8*38 per cent. The National Company's work haa resulted in an average of l'lO. The Union shows 311 as the average result of profit on its underwriting ; wMle the South British, Colonial, Standard, and Equitable each show a loss on their work. These, it must be admitted, are miserable results, and will probably prove startling results to those who have not watched the business with close attention, Considering that the total premium incomes of these seven Companies' amounts to no less a sum than £7,389,397 Us, 3d., while the expendi ture during the same period amounts ti £7,244,716 3s. 6d., it will be seen that the net result is amazing, the total profit being only 1*96 per cent ; New Swedish Rapid-tirihg Gun.— At the Copenhagen Exhibition is shown the first specimen of a new Swedish rapid-firing gun (says Engineering), designed by Mr; Harald Thronsen, and manufactured at the large and celebrated - - establishment . - of -,- Finspongs, Styokebruk, Sweden. , This new gun attracts a considerable amount of attention. The Finspong gun la capable of firing eighteen ehota per minute with one man, while with two men it has a capacity of one shot every other second, or thirty shota per minute. The gun exhibited at Copenhagen has a calibre of 47 millimetres ; its entire length ia about 52 calibres, and the distance from the base of the projectile to the mouth of the barrel is 40 calibreB. There are five different projectiles shown at Copenhagen, viz., solid shot, steel sheel. chilled point castiron shell, common shell, and shrapnel with sizty-four small projectiles ; the weight is the Bame for them all, viz,, about 3*3 lb. (or 1*5 kilo gramme). The muzzle velocity is 2,141 feet (657 metres) per second with a charge of 750 grammes of Swedish field [artillery powder; the maximum pressure in the barrel has been 2,300 atmospheres. The mechanism is both simple and strong. The Finspong gun rests in a pivot carriage, so that it can be worked in all directions. It has a shoulderpiece about the size of the butt end of an ordinal/ rifle, against which the man who works it plases his right shoulder, and with the riaht hand he holds the trigger, or, if he workB the gun by Mm self, works the lever that moves the ecoen trie, while the left hand rests on another lever, which; when pulled towards the man, acts as a brake and fixes the gun in any posi tion and in all directions, so that several shots can be fired against a certain point, without it being necessary to repeat the aiming for each shot. The gun shown at Copenhagen haa a screen of plate iron, but otherwise the gun Ib able to produce all round fire. The material is wrought Martin steel, manufactured on the establishment. Finspong has both iron mines, furnaces, and steel works of its own, besides vast forests and ample water power. Besides the orders for guns, which Finspong steadily receives from the Swedish Government, they have ordere in hand at present for about seventy guns for th? Danish Government. Thb AusTBiiiAN Coalfields. — A Bir mingham paper has so far improved in its geography as to have become aware that 'Australia' is a colony. Is New South Wales referred to in thia extract?—' Mr. ThomaB Parton, mining engineer, of Hill Top, Weat Bromwioh, a short time . ago visited Australia for the purpose of making enquiries with reference to the coalfields in that colony, with the view of forming a Company to work the Bame. He haa now returned home, and reportB favourably upon his visit. It is stated that the project has been taken up by an in fluential body of ^capitalists for the purpose of opening up mines and working the vast seam of coal which is known to exist in Aus tralia. It is believed that the enterprise will be a very successful one, and it la looked upon as one of greak importance. Mr. Parton has been appointed to manage the undertak ing, and he will leave this country again1 for the colony in the course of a few weeks, taking with him a number of experienced micerB.' Pilotage.— The Select Committee of the House of Commons on the pilotage system of the United Kingdom has (reports an {ex change) completed its work by the publica of a report The Committee think that the principle of compulsion aa It now exists! should' not be interfered with, and that local pilotage authorities should be leifc in poaaea aion of full and ampin powers to carry out such measures aa may be most conducive to the interests of the trade and shipping of the particular port over which their jurisdiction extends. The Committee are strongly of opinion that the time has arrived when the exemption of the owner from liability for damage done by his ship, when the sMp is placed in charge of a pilot by compulsion of law, should cease to exist. They are also of opinion (hat such exemption is indefensible, and is inimical to the safety of life and pro perty at sea. In their opinion, the master of a vessel, even while a pilot is on board, Bhould continue to be responsible for the con duct and navigation of his vessel. The ques tion whether pilotage certificates should be granted to aliens occupies a considerable portion of the report. After summing up the views of the witnesses— the British pilots and the Trinity-house having pronounced strongly against the system, while the Board of Trade testified in its favour — and after referring to certain reciprocity treaties with regard to pilotageibetween Great Britain and Beveral other Powers, the Committee give their opinion on this important subject in the followingltermB :— 'Looking at the whole subject from the standpoint of public policy, and mindful of the tact that the number of certificates held does not exceed thirty-five, and having regard to the important fact that any friction arising between the United Kingdom and a Foreign Power through the withdrawal on our part of these certificates might prove injurious to British trade and shipping, your Committee are of opinion that the granting and renewal from time to time of certificates to aliens should be continued, and they would respectfully suggest that no favourable opportunity should be lost by Her Majesty's Government to obtain for this country full reciprocity from other. Powers in regard to advantages which we may from time to time confer npon them.' Begarding the 'choice' pilot system the Committee concur in the opinion of the Trinity-house of London that it should be permitted to continue with considerable modifications. But it is interesting to those engaged in the shipping trade^here that the House of Commons Committee reports in favour of— 1st, compulsory pilotage; 2nd, (he continued responsibility of the master after taking a pilot on board ; 3rd, the con tinuance of the custom of granting pilotage certificates to aliens; and 4th, the con tinuance of the ' choice' system. Tf.TMmtn Pabxsebshif.— A useful measure has (says a contemporary) passed through the House of Lords under the title of the Limited Partnership BilL The leading feature of the Bill is that it declares that any person lending money to a trading firm shall be, and shall be registered as, a limited partner, that the amount which he undertakes to contribute Bhall be registered, and that his liability to pay the debts of the concern shall be limited to the amount bo contributed. An onerous condition is attached to this boon to partners, viz., that 'a limited partner shall not during the continuance of the partnership draw out or receive back any part of his contribution.' The Bill itself Btates the rationale of this pro vision aB follows (clause 8) — ?* Every limited partnership must be entered into for a fixed term, and may not be dissolved by agreement of the partners bef or the expiration of that term, unless all the partnership debts are paid, or unless all the unpaid creditors of the firm consent to the dissolution.' On the whole the clause forms a very proper safe guard for the creditors of a limited partner ship. The general constitution of; such concerns as prescribed by the Bill is that any firm to which money haa been lent on the basis of receiving a Bhare of profits will be registered as a limited partnership, and will consist of one or more 'general partners,' who will be fully liable for all debts, and one or more 'limited partners,' the extent of whoBe liability we have already Btated. AusTBALiAtr Pbonukciatioit. — We are developing (says the S.M. Herald) something of the kind that resembles in a measure the peculiarity of pronunciation that Englishmen first observed with curiosity among the deBoeadantB of the early New England settlers, from wMch what waa known as the ' Yankee twang' afterwards proceeded, ome of the instances given by the lecturer are characteristic of Australian speech. There is certainly an observable tendency to say 'taown' for 'town' among young colonials, and 'laike' for 'like,' as well as 'dy' for 'day.' Boys at school have a difficulty in distinguishing clearly between the two vowel sounds when they come to gether at the end of one word and 'he beginning of another following it, and very few young Australians would think of hesi tating between the pronunciation, for instance, of 'colza oil' and ' colzaroiL' Public schoolboys drop the concluding 'g' at the end of certain words with an easy nnscrnpulousness, and the miserable- little barbarism that consists in the use of ' ain't' for ' is not' or ' are not,' is quite a familiar atrocity amongst young Australians, Any one who cares to observe this kind pf thing will be struck by she number of quite i characteristic xnaaneriamB and violations of the purify both of language' and pronopoia tionthateeem to belong almost, exclusively to the youths * of Australian cities^ and will mark a difference between our young people's ordinary speech and that of the new arrival as plain as that between the intonation! of Boston and Oxford, or between that [ of Americans from the Eastern and Western StateB. Execution op Maxwell,— Regarding the last Btages.of the Maxwell-Preller murder case in America the San Francisco corre spondent of the Argus reports :— ' Sir Sack ville West, British Minister at WasMngton, presented to Governor Morehouse, of Mis souri, the request of his Government that a respite of fifty daya should be granted to the murderer Marwell, alias Brooks, in order that a thorough enquiry might be made into the facts surrounding the case. Two lawyers (Messrs. Fauntleroy and Martin) appeared before the Governor on August 6, in support of the request, and were rather testily treated by His Excellency, who Baid he was 'tired of trifling with the case.' The lawyers objected to the remark, and hoped he would do his duty in the case! as they had endeavoured to do theirs. On August 9 Governor Morehouse gave his final answer in the case, refusing farther to postpone the execution. When apprised of' the fact that nothing could save him, Max well betrayed very little feeling. He was hanged on Friday morning, August 10, at a quarter to 9 o'clook. Hid last day was passed ; in the same oool unconcerned manner which characterized Mb whole life in gaol, with the exception of a brief interval. That excep tion was when Sheriff Harrington brought the newa that the Governor had refused to interfere any further. At that time the prisoner was engaged in playing his favourite game of dominoes with the deputy, When the Sheriff entered, Maxwell started to his feet and breathlessly asked, 'Whafs the newsf The Sheriff announced the Governor's decision, and then for the first time Maxwell gave way, hoarsely muttering, 'It's all over, then !' He staggered through the doorway of the cell, flung himself on bis cot, and turning his face to the wall, sobbed without restraint, Hia final leave-taking of Mb mother and sister was moat affecting, and shortly afterwards he wrote out an address to his English countrymen, complaining that his trial had not been fairly oonduoted. Spiritual consolation was administered by a Catholic clergyman, Father Tihan, the prisoner having embraced that faith some fifteen months ago, -Maxwell was very self posseeaed, and smoke? a cigarette reflectively just before hia death. He waa deatMy pale when he walked to the gallows, where he was hanged in company with another mur derer named Landgraf.' . . Injection thbough Domestic Pets.— The British Medical Journal of July 14 aays:— 'That domestic peta are capable of taking and spreading infection - has been amply demonstrated. That diphtheria is par ticularly liable to be so conveyed is Bhown by the experimental researches on diphtheria made by Dr, Rensbaw in 1884, who was successful in inoculating cats with diphtheria from the human subject (see Jcurnal of January. 3, 1885). Dr. Turner, it will be remembered, last year presented an interest ing report on diphtheria in animals to the Local Government Board. A further illustra tion is afforded by the following example, the record of wMch is taken from the Sanitary Record ior June:— In his report on the recent sustained prevalence of diphtheria in Enfield, Dr. Bruce Low, of1 the 'Medical Department of ' the Local Government Board, incidentally states - that during the continuance of the epidemio cats were observed to softer in considerable numbers from illness ; and in December, 1887, and January, 1888, there' was a large mortality among those animals so much bo that the attention of the dust contractor waa directed to it. He stated that never in Ms previous experience had he Been to many dead cats on the dost heaps. Some households, Beeing their cats ill, destroyed them. Though there were no known cases of diphtheria occurring in the veterinary surgeons at Enfield, yet they saw many cases of 'influenza' at this time among animal8. The following ia an illustration of the possible connection between diphtheria in children and in cats. A little boy was token ill with what turned out ultimately to be fatal diphtheria. On the first day of Ms illness he was sick, and the cat, which was in the room at the time, licked the vomit on the floor. In a few daya (the child having meanwhile died) the animal waa noticed to be ill, and her sufferings being bo severe and so similar to those of the dead boy the owner destroyed her. During the early part of ita illneBs this cat had been let out of nights in the back yard aa usual. A few daya later the cat of a neighbour, who lived a few doors further off, was noticed to be ilL It had alao been out in the back yards at night. ThiB second animal, which, however, re covered, was the pet and playfellow of four little girls, who, grieved at the illness of their favourite, nursed it with great care. All four girls developed diphtheria, their mother being convinced that they got it from the oat ; and, indeed, no other known source of contact with infection could be discovered. It is easy to imagine cats catching an infectious illness like diphtheria when we remember how often milk and other unused food from the sick-room is given to the cat, or by some people thrown out in the back yard for the benefit of their neighbours' cats, if they have none of their own. It is a frequent occurrence to see children carrying cats in their arms, ind even kissing them. It is obvious that if the cats were ill with diphtheria the children under such circumstances would almost in evitably contract tbe disease.' Poison m tte; Cigabette. — ' Medicus' writea to a London contemporary from Middlesex Hospital: — 'Having found, in the course of my private practice and that of the hospital, a marked increase in cases of TPftifgnftT't throat diseases, I, together with some of my colleagues, have made some very careful researches into the causes of this, and finding that males were almost exclusively affected led us on the track that smoking was, in a great many inBtanceB, the primary cause. I am not by any means one of those who consider the pipe, a cigar, or the ordi nary cigarette injurious, but am persuaded that the cigarette imported from Egypt or Turkey ia mixed, presumably to give it a peculiar taste or flavour, with some insidious poison. I am led to this*Joon clusion by a careful analysis of both the home manufacture and that of the foreign ; in the latter a large proportion of opium and an unclassified alkaloid was manifest wMoh was totally absent in the former, and it will be obvious that an irritant poison constantly brought into contact with the region of per haps the most sensitive part of the human organization is calculated to bring about trouble, I venture to address you in order to caution the public against a serious danger that lurks in their midst.' Relatiok op Alcohol to Long Life,— The following is extracted from the Aus tralian Economist for the current month :— 'The report of a committee of the British Medical Association, published some three or four months Bince, covera 4,234 oases of deceased persons whose habits of life were recorded with sufficient clearness for tabula tion of resultB, excluding the persons dying under 30 years of age for the reason that the influence of alcoholic imbibation can scarcely be said to be normally shown below that age.. A table published gives the following results : —Average age at death 57 3 for total ab stainers, 64*5 for the habitually temperate, 61 5 for careless drinkers, 68'9 for free drinkers, and 63'4 for the decidedly intempe rate.' ; The Bev. F. C B. Faikby.— By request the Bev. F. C. B. Fairey will repeat his pictorial lecture on .' Murray River and Irrigation Colonies' at the Victoria Hall, Y.M.C. A., to-night. ! FcnrDBBS-STBKBT BAPTIST ChTTBOH StTK sat-School.— Tea and public meetings in connection with the anniversary services will be held to-night. j Glenelg Congregational Cetoch.— In continuation of the celebrations of the anni versary a tea, to be succeeded by a publio meeting, are advertised for this evening. Semaphore Wxsletan uhuboh! — The anniversary tea and publio meetings will be held to-night. Sx Ltteb's Schoolroom —An entertain ment will be given here this evening. 