NEWS OF THE DAY The fourth set of elections will take placo to-day iu tho following ordor t — Albert, Buliraba, Lockyor, Moroton, Musgravo, Oxloy, Roeowood, and Wide Bay. Tho Chronicle Offico will bo kopt opon to-night as heretofore, for tho reception of telegraphic results which will bo posted on tho hoarding outside an tlioy A special meeting of tho School of Arts management Committee is to bo hold on Tliurs. day night at eight o'olock, to tako into con sideration tho resignation of Mr. Roberts, ns flocrotary, which has been forwarded to his Worship tho Mayor, as Chairman of tiio Committee. Thf. nnnual mooting of tho Toowoomba Socioty for tho Prevention of Crneity to Animals was announced to tako placo on Tuosday aftornoon. Tbo only members in at tendant woro tbo llov. G. Hervey, and Mrs. Buswoll. Tho secretary, Mr. J. T.Smith, left tho books of tho Socioty and the nnnual report for tho uso of tho meeting, and with tho inti mation that jt was impossible for him to bo present. It is understood that his resignation was also forwarded to tho meeting, which for want of a quorum was at half-past four ad journed nine die. Paiiticulaks of tho Holidon Handicap, to bo run at tho athlctio sports on tho Queen's Birthday, will bo found in our advertising columns. Nominations must bo in tho hands of tho secretary not later than 22nd inst, On Tnosday night noxt a moonlight parado of A Company, Darling Downs Regiment, of tho Queensland Dofenco Forco, will tako placo at tho Drill Shod, Toowoomba, at oight o'olook. Every tnombor of tiio company in oxpoctod to appear on parado. We bog to romlnd those Interested in tho various events to bo competod for on tho 2-ith Mny hist, at tho Oddfollows' Sports in this town, that tho nominations aloso to-morrow night at oight o'olock. Tho secretary, Mr. J. Booth, roquosts thot tho onirics raaybo modo as oarly as posfliblo. Last night's Telegraph says i— " It isbolng rumorodfthat sovoral clear cases of corrupt practices, personation, and double voting hava oomo to light in connection with tho Cunningham clcctorato. Although tho oloo- tion took placo on Thursday, tho lOtii instant, the rcturning-ofllcor, for somo reason or other, had up to yestorday, tho 16th instant, boon unable to dcclaro tbo state of tbo poll. It is expected that a number of fermors and solaotors will potition Parliament asking for a oloso investigation." A report is in courso of circulation through tbo town to tho offcct that tho orusfaing of stone at tho Lady Mary mine, Boonoo Boonoo, ib not resulting satisfactory. Tho foots aro that a crushing Is now going on and will not be concluded for another ton days. Tho gold being shown in Toowoomba raoroly shows tho ?,uahty irrespective of tho quantity of stono rem which it has boon crushod. The definite returns will not bo known until tho wholo of tho stono at grass has passed through tho battory wliioh will bo about ton day's noneo. Thrco of tho directors of tho company loft by last night's mail train to mako their periodical visit to tho mino. We havo to aoknowlodgo from Messrs, W. H. Paling and Co., tho receipt of printed copios of Mr. Nonbitt's Jabiloo Odo, his song, " Tho Dawn of Ambition," and a songontitlod "A Quaker's Dialoguo" by tho samocom- poBor. With tho odo and " Tho Dawn of Ambition " Too woomba audiences aro familiar. Their morits as musical compositions havo ro- coivod tiio verdict of Brisbane and Toowoomba audioncos, and whon it is roracmbored that tho odo took tho prizo of 50 guineas in tho compe tition open to tho wholo of tho colonies little remains to bo said of Us morits. Tho " Dawn of Ambition " is a gem worthy of a moro pre tentious composer than Mr, Nenbitt. Assung- from manuscript by Mrs. Ncsbitt at tho timo the odo was produced in Toowoomba It won golden opinions which will bo oniinncod by a closer acquaintance with tho music and words, " A Quaker's Dialoguo " is not so woll known lioro as tho other productions, but it is a vory fascinating composition strongly pregnant with what may bo called a Nosbittouan tono sot to inoat appropriate words written by Sirs. Barlow. Tbo sumo authoress, as is ganorally known, took tiio nrlzo for tho words of tbo odo and also wroto those to tho " Dawn of Am bition." Through tbo ordor of Messrs, W. II. Paling and Co., tho wholo of tho masio and words havo boon printed, we understand, in Gormany. Tho mechanical work is exccllontly executed, and is quite worthy of tho ropubv- tion of tho firm of Paling and Co. Tho prico of tho ode in Toowoomba is thrco shillings por copy, and that of tho other two songs is two shillings each nott. Ono noticcablo orror on tho frontispioco of tho " Dawn of Ambition " and " A Quakor's Dialoguo " is tho announce ment that tho music is composed by A. M Ncsbitt, Jt.A., instoad of A. M. Nosbitt Mastor of Arts. Copies of tho publication aro now on salo at Messrs. Paling and Go's. Warohoiso, Ruthven- strcct. A c'ONHJDEBADLE alteration has rouontly boon made in Messrs, Alexander and Monro's palatial stores, in Rutbvon-stroot. Formorly tho promises woro considorod to bo amongst tbo most oxtcimvo and olaborato of thoirklnd in Queensland, but now tho original design in almost completed, and tbo Atorcs ns a whole aro a credit to this town, and would put in tho shado many of tho largo general business oh- tablishmonts in tho motropoiiB or other largo oitics of tho colony. Tho alterations comprise an intornal ro-arrangomcnt of tho contro of tho storo. Tbo wholo of this largo spaco absorb ing tbo main portion of tho bnilding and roaohing from tbo front along tho wholo depth is now sot apart for drapery goods. Tho sida proviously utilised as tho ready mado mon's clothing department is now occupied by Manchester goods, tho two stands running down tho ccntro havo boon romoved, and thoir placos occupied by tables ladon with goods, while tho wholo longth on tho right sldo of tho main ontrace is now tho general drapory de partment. To tho rear of this, but in tho enmo expanse, is tho millinery sootion, tho wholo being exceedingly woll lighted from tho roof and Been at a glanco by customers or visitors passing tho main ontranco. Through this contro and connecting it witb tbo grocery sido, and an additional section of tho main building rocontly constructed, on tho right ran nevoral transopts for tho convonlenoo aliko of the omployfa and customers. Tho Bpoeo formerly occupied by tho counting houso in tho main contro, is now occupied by a cash receiving room, and tho counting houso witb all necessary appliances, and a largo fionu-circnlar countor has bcon romovod to tho rear of tbo building and adjoining tbo privato offico of tho firm. Tho additional wing placed on tho right of tho main building - occupios tho ground which was formorly a right of way. It consists of a main section measuring 120ft. in depth to 25ft. in width A bandsomo nlato glasB window 25ffc. wido fills the front, making tho plato glass in tho wholo frontago to Rutbven- strcot, in- cluding tho tbrco cntrancos, 105 feet, bv far the largest display of plato gfass in tho colony Tho window of tho now section is filled with the noted fancy poods which woro imported from Great Britain and the continent at tho time Mr. Aloxandor mado his trip to tho old lands and America about a year ago. To tho rear of this now part is a rocoiving and un« packmg room guarded by a burglar proof sliding door. In this portion a lavatory for tho uso of tho lady omployls is iu courso of construction. Tho means of communication between the now and tbo older portions of tho storo is two bricked archways which aro pro- tooted by firc-proof uliding doors. Tho now section is at present stocked with fancy goods, crockery, general furnishing articles, floor cloths, linoleums, mattings, rags and boots. In tho spacious yard behind tho main building, a workroom in connection with tho tailoring department is now boing constructed, and particular attention is being bestowed upon tho general Eanitary arrangements of tbo whole establishment. Iu a short whilo tbo wbolo will bo completed and thon Messrs. Alexander and Munro'u storo will bo ono of tho most commodious, and architecturally speaking, ono of tho handsomest iu tho colony Tho firm aro to bo congratulated on their on- tcrpriso, and tboy desorvo tho liberal support which cnablcB them to carry out »uoh oxton- bivc improvements. Mr. William Hahtinus Tooni; (says Truth of April 5) needs u salutary losson to teach him that thoro aro limits to tho humour of a practical joko. This young gentlemen, according to his own account, mado a hot of .£100 witb a friend tiiat In a month ho could got 5,000 applications for a situation as a clerk, and that 2,000 of tho applicants would wend him fivo shillings. In order to win his bet ho wont to Birmingham, took un ofiico under an assumed name, and proceeded to advertise for clerks, and to ask for a deposit of five nhillitigs. Unfortnnutoly for tins ingenious young gentloman, tho Bir mingham police got wind of tho affair, and arrested him for obtaining monoy by folso pretences. Although it was proved that Mr. Toono in possensed of an amplo fortune, and thcro seemed to bo no reason to doubt tho facts that tbo bot bud been made, and thnt ho intended to return tho money ha had received, I am by no uieann sorry that tho fitirmniHary magistrate com mitted him for trial at tho sessions. Tho only thing I regrot is that ho was liberated on bail. Ho will probably bo acquitted at tho sessions and a few weeks in gaol would havo convinced this stupid joker that it ih not rnoroly an idiotic, but a very cruel, tiling to (full tliou. Bauua of honest men scckinf cmidoymoat. In 1671, (says Truth) Mr, Gofichenjjuid : Tbo amount paid by land nloiio in England was 5J por coot. ; in Holland, land uions pays It per ccnt.i in Holguim, 20J per cont.i and in Hungary, M per cent. What do theso facts &, lZ ESVknXS 'il'Tli tton hBi k Amonobt tho Lottor of Administration granted since tlio 2nd instant, is ono to tho ostato of Airs. Alary Aim Filshio, lato of Toowoomba, porsonalty JJ150, to Air. Robort Filshio, of Toowoomba. rl, At tho infitanco of Air. R. Hulcock (say "ItUo Tc1e<jrai>h of Tuesday) a writ was served yostorday upon Alossr. James Gcorgo Drako, Alfred Walkor, and William Lano, as joint proprietors of tho Jloomcramj, for libelling hi character in tho issuo of that -paper dated 5th Alay. Tho damage aro laid at JJ5000. Amongst othor paragraphs complained of in that numbor are tho following from "Tho Bystander's Note-hook." "A Queer Sort of Liboral," and "Bulcock in Nundah," and also a lcador headed, "Bulcocking tho Elec tions." As nn instanco of tho fattening capabilities of tho grazing lands on tho Lowor Burdokin wo taka tho following : — A fow days ago a bullook was killod on the Airdmillan Estate, which when dressed woighod 1504 lbs. Tho bido woighod 112 lbs., and a cask of tallow, ropresonting4001ba., was obtained from the fat ofthocarcaso. At tho Pastoral and Agricultural Show hold at Townsvillo last year, two bul locks from tho samo ostato woro estimated at a weight of l,4001bs. and 1 ,8001bs. roapootivoly , and aftor boing travelled back, whon killed turned tho scalos at l,2501bs. and 1,1561b.— Townsvillo Bulletin. Sir Samuel Griffith and Mr. Cnrnow, Commissioner for Railways, wore prcnent on Tuesday (says yesterday's Courier) at tho pnblio banquet at Bcandcsert in cclobration of tho oponing of tho railway to that placo Tho Promior, in responding to tho toast of " Tho Parliament of Queensland," pointed ont that during tho four and a-half years tho Liboral Govornmont had hold ofllco 857 inilos of railway lino had been constrnatod, or 181 milos por annam a rate whioh had novor boon oxccodcd or oquallcd by any of tho other colonics. Thoro wero now 1865 milos of rail way opened for traffic in Queensland, and with tho oasy moans of communication whioh had boon provided to tho rioli agricultural lands of tho colony ho saw no reason why Queensland should not booomo in timo tho most important well as in area. Air. Carnow also romarkod on tho dovolopmont of tho railway system of Queensland as compared with Viotoria and Now South Wales. Tho lino, wliioh is twenty miles in length has been constructed at a cost of £59,762. Tiie following paragraph, which appeared in tho Sydnoy Daily Teleymph recently, shows what is within roach of Australian dairy farmors who will tako tho troublo to Icarn thoir business properly and apply all thoir onorgics to it " A shipmonb of butter sent homo by tho Fresh Food and Ico Company, through Morfc and Co., realised 110s. and 112s. por owt., a prico at which tho farmors could grow rich. Tho agents write that tho butter has been pronounced by our factors to bo tho best thoy had scon from any part, oxcolling tho Danish, which i rogarded horo rb tho aomo.' " This is high praiso. Dutch butter for a long poriod hold tho prido of placo in England, completely dostroying tho Irish and local buttor industry. Danish dairymen havo, howovor, aupplontod tho Hollanders. Now, howovor, Australian butter haR obtainod a footing on tho London markot, and tlio praio accorded to it is ex ceptionally flattering. AIoBurs. Alort and Co. write—" Thoro has boon nothing in tho market that can at nil compare with yours"— a tribute to Australian buttor-makors whioh should rouso them to fresh onorgy in the preparation of thoir goods. Upon their onorgy and care doponds successful trado in a now markot. Informaton has recently boen received from St. John, N.B., that another raft is now boing constructed ovon oxueoding in sizo that which somo timo ago camo to griof. Tho raft Is boing mado by tho same owner as tho last, viz., Air. Jamos D. Lcary, and it is tormod a 44 timbor ship." It i to bo 650 foot in length, or about 100 foot longer than tho previous ono, i to bo sharp at tho bow liko a Bailing vossol, and is to havo six masts. It will, of course, carry plonty of sail, and ho fully manned. IT-IIL./. llin In of T-nft. TirflSOI.fc OHO Will UOt bo towed. It is to Bail liko a ship. Tho ira- mouso logs wore boing chainod togothor at a placo called Joggings, under tho direction of Sir. IV. Robertson, who Roporiutondod tho building of tho lato raft. Tho logs will bo by far tho largest ever fihippod from Nova Scotia. It is oxpootcd tho loviathan will bo ablo to start on its .voyngo cither in July or August noxt. Up to 22nd ultimo tho work was said to bo about half completed. Ateleoram from Moxico to Now York on April 4th reports, on tho authority of tho journal Tho Two llepubiict, a terrible catas- tropbo which is eatd to havo occurred on Snnday last at tho town of Colaya, in Moxioo. Thoro was ft bnll-flght thoro on that day, and tho building in which it took placo, a wooden ono, was orowdod to oxceas. Even tho prisoners from tho town gaol woro permitted to attend undor guard, and ono of tboao men struck a match which set fire to tho bull- ring. In a momont tho whole body of spectators bocamo panio-striokon, and a mad rush was mado for tho oxits. Alany women and children jumpod from tho higher gallorios into tlio arena, and sustained sovoro injuric. Mcau- whilo a bull, maddened with oxoitomont, broko loose, and rushing npon tlio unfortunate pooplo lying on tho gronnd, tossod and gored a numbor of thorn with their horns. Altogether 18 norsons were killed, 68 woro badly burnod, somo of thorn fatally, over 100 woro injured in thoir leap from tho gallorioa, and 50 woro hurt in tho crush. All tho prisoners escaped in tho confusion. The following paragraph relating to Coolie labonr appoarod in tho Times of Alarch tho ogjfo . — A statement is publishod by tho British and Foroign Anti-Slavery Socioty showing its policy with roforonco to contract labour. Tho \- question of tho introduction of coolio labour into 'sugar-growing colonics has lately boon raised by tho French Govcrninont, who pro. poaod that tho English Govornmout should bo asked to rescind tho prohibition of tho expor tation of British Indian subjoots to foroign countrios. Certain correspondence took placo in December last on tho subject between AI. iif.jj! 1.. ftn anninfv. finrl thf) ROOlGtv WUUUUiKMJ" .. -'.i ... £ submitted to his Exoollono, tho reasons which havo compelled it always to oppose tuo im portation of British Indian subjects into the colonies of any foreign country. Even in British colonies it was found that tlio proper protection of froo immigrants was almoBt a matter of impossibility. A report was nro- Houted to tho Prosiduntof tho 1? roueli Kcimbhe iu August last year rolativo to tho intro duction of our Indian subject into ROuiuou, and a dccroo was rignod by him ; but tho socioty -cannot find that tho safeguards required by tho Indian Govornment nro provided for, and thoy coutinuo their opposi tion. In tho course of tho statement tho society givo a hitorical review of tho whole Biibjoctfrom tbo introduction of indentured coolio labour into Alauritius in tho first yoars of this contury up to tlio prosont time. Tho document is takon from otliuial roports und othor records, and bIiows tliut the noddy has always boen opposed to tlio introduction of indentured labour in to sugar-growing colonies, whothorBritiBh or foreign. In foreign colonies supervision by British oilicials has almost Invariably boon rofnecd, and ho lonR aa this atato of things oxista it will bo tlio duty of tho nocioty to oppose all attempts of tho kind. I!y an ordor of tno Queen in Council mado 50 years ao it was strictly provided that no iudonturo ufiould bo valid unless mado in tho colony itsolf, and should in no caso exceed tbo term of ono year. Exporienco has shown that where tho safeguards contemplated by this Order in Council havo been relaxed tlio labourers havo sufforcd in person, physically , morally, and pecuniarily. Fees of Doctors. — Tho foo of doctors is an item that very many persons are interested just at present. Wo boiiovo tho scbedulo for viaita is 300 dolr»., which would tax a nmn con fined to hi bed for a year, and in need of a daily visit, ovor 1000 dols. a year for medical attondanco alo.ao ! And ono singlo bottle of Dr. Soulo's American Hop Bitters taken in timo wonld savo tho 1000 dols. and all tho year's slckueeB, Post." t- The Daily yews' Odessa Correspondent writes :— Two hundred and sixty convict recently nrrivod horo from tlio Kharkoff central prisoii for transportation to Saghalion by thovoluntoorfleotstoamorNinhni Novgorod. Among thoso I find are Princo Nikolai Vicli- vanoff, sentenced to bard labonr for llfo for tho murder of hi sister j Princo Diniitrl Aasa- tiaui to ix year' hard labour for inurilor ; Princo Niohcradflo, also for six years' hard labour for highway robbery? two noble, brothers, named Wurdok , aud Aloxoi Gagorifichvik, to twenty and' fifteen years' hard labour respectively, also for highway robbery ? tho Don Conok Captain Andrei Kyriakoffto eight years for arson and robbory. Tho chief figure of this notorious group, how ovor, is tho Porsiatt i'ritico Gumai un Alirza, soiftonccd to twenty rears' hard labour for tho murdor of his older brother. Tho motivo for this fratricido was an inhoritaneo of 5,006,000 roubles, which the murderer wished to obtain. Among tlio party nro, besides, twonty-tliroo othor murderer, whoso sentences vary from thraoand a half to twenty yoars hard labonr. In somo caso a limited numbor of stroko from tho knout aro added to tho sentences, and will bo inflicted on arrival in tho penal settle ment. Two prisoners guilty of doujilo and triple rourdors nro sentenced rospoetivoly to six and thirteen years. Tlio eon of an ortho dox priest who murdered tho rootor of his Bominary iB sentenced to twenty years, whito anothor convict oscapos with tbreo and a half years' hard labour for tho murder of Ids stop- son. It would bo interesting as a sot off to theso sentences to havo a record of tho numbor of provod murderer wlto havo boon acquitted in the samo district during tho samo term. A Cross Bauy.— Nothing is so conduoivo to a man's rooming a bachelor as stopping for ono night at tho boueo of a married friend, and boing kept awako for fivo or six hours by tho crying of a cross baby. All crons and ory- ing bnbios nood only Dr. SouIo'b Amorican Hop Bitters to mako thorn woll and smiling. Young man, roraombor this. 44 Travollor." "W. A. Noole, Surgeon Dontist, may bo consulted daily at tho Modioal Hall, Ruthvon- ntrnot, Toowoomba. Painless Dentistry.— J. Goodriok, regis tered Surgeon Dontist (tate of London), can bo consulted daily on all canes of Dontal Surgory, froo of chargo. at bis business, cornor of Rnthvon and Itussoll streets. Toowoomba. Tho latest improvod instruments and methods aro used for tho Extraction of Teeth. Nitrous Oxide Qas rondors tho oporation entirely painless, and is administered to thoso who dosiro it. Stopping, Scaling, oto, care fully oxocutod, and withou pain.— Advt. a good appetieor, a pleasant bitter, a ro- liablo strengthening agont, and tho princo of tonics" is "Noble's Quinino "and Iro Tonio," manufactured and sold only at tlio Modical Hall, Ruthvon-strcot, Toowoomba, by W. A. Noble, Pharmaooutical Cliomiet. 