PRINCE BKMAUCK AND THE EMPEROR FREDERICK. A nayBtery still hangs about the alleged diary of the Emperor Frederick, which was published a few weeks ago in the Deutsdie Rundschau. A searching Inves tigation has been undertaken by the Government, and it is rather surprising that nothing whatever appears to have resulted therefrom. ^Indeed, as the Times Berlin correspondent pertinently remarks, nothing could have been easier than to have compared the published diary with the 'copy' from .which it was taken, when if the latter tallied with the former, and proved to be in the late Em peror's handwriting there Wuuld have, been no room for further doubt as to the authenticity of the document It w*ll be remembered by our readers that directly after the appearance of the first portion of the diary Prince Bismarck addressed a letter to the Emperor William, in which, although protesting that the whole affair was a forgery, he nevertheless urgfed His Majesty to initiate a criminal prosecution against the publisher for treason in re vealing State secrets. The foil text of this letter is now to hand by the last mail, and it ia certainly an interesting and somewhat remarkable production. The irritation of the German Chancellor was evidently very great. Yet the letter is cautiously worded and ao carefully and evenly balanced that, while on the one hand it disputes the alleged assertions of the late Emperor it, on the other hand, treats the memory of the departed monarch with the (greatest respect ; and even while venturing upon the statement that th« document is a spurious one, it leaves means of retreat by which the writer may be able to save himself in the .event of his supposition turning out to be In correct. - The reasons urged against admitting the authenticity of the diary may be very briefly summarized. In the first place (says Prince Bismarck), the Crown Prince in 1870 knew less about the esoteric State policy of Prussia than the writer of the diary assumes to know. TT'« father was of opinion that some State secrets at that critical period could not have been safely entrusted to the circle in which Prince Frederick moved. ' HisMajesty,' says the Chancellor, '. on the one hand dreaded the indiscreet revela tions- which might; thu|^'fbe:|niade io the English Court, that~iwjB*foU of French sympathies, and, on thei.other hand, was apprehensive lest detriment might - thus accrue to bur relations with our German allies by reason of thefar ji- eiftcWng' aims Mid the vjolenopbf? the means which , were . recommended, to His Sojal Highn€B« byrpolitical counsellors of doubtful ability.' -Next; he surmues, pwiDg^to-the-ftpparentxendorsement'of' these #'(fatfrea«hing8in^'|tliat the'd^ary? b 'really' the work^.of *a nieimber of|the Prince's V'jentqufage. Combating thVvIewx' that Prince Frederick originated the pro posal to mobilize the G ennanarmy in July, 1870, the letter asserts that the Princeknew perfectly well at that ^te^that the, Chancellor had previously urged this step,) and regarded war as absolutely 'necesBftry, Yet, saysj-he, the* diary Swould have' us believe that on July 13, Prince BismarakF looked upon peace as secured. ' After the' epeech of -ihe .French Ambassador, in 'that month, the Prince and the Chancellor had an -arneHt ' cbnyersatioi^ **' and^were thorouguy-agreed \\!ba& war was inejilaBle. The Emperor had conBtantiy withstood this view. But the next day he was fully convinced; and Frederick was instructed to go forth from -.the ConnciL Chamber with the words 'Krieg, mobil I' Again , when the German Army was at Versaffles^it is wpresented;by the^ diary tbat^the Princei was ^most; anxious 'that the boii Cjtobs of ?ru|fsfe should be given tSia^G^mansVaKke ks-a Jsaward'.-ffor' ^Te?y;5,i 'whereas Prince ? Bismarck posi tdyelj [..asserfe l^i^ej^^^e^elkteaiy., entrusted with tb$ Emperor'B ?? pressing requests to his son that thlB enlightened policy should be followed, while 'Frederick's reluctance was. most plainly manifestad. It was only' after the. accomplishment of the complete defeat of ihe French arms that Prince ' Bisnlarck was. able to pennade.^^e^;^^^^*?!^^.-.-^.. fall; in with his views as to a Pan-Germanic Constitution. : Oii the memorable' occa sion of the reply sent' to Napoleon with reference to. ternis^ of capitulation it is represented that the Emperor William dictated the' letter to Count Hatzfeldt, although' Prince Frederick must have known that the amanuensis was aa a matter of fact Prince Bismarck himself. The most serious assertion in this re markable letter to the young Emperor William remains to be noticed. It relates to the supposition that Prince Frederick had urged the adoption of forcible means to Induce the minor German princes to assist In- the accomplishment of the aims of a unified Germany. ' The assertion of the diary that His Royal Highness could have thought of employing force against our allies, and of thus, breaking the treaties which had been faithfully kept by them, and seated with their very blood, Is a calumniation of the deceased Prince.' Should the diary prove to be authentic soch a statement will evidently prove: exceedingly 'detrimental either to the' reputation of Prince Bismarck or to that of his late master. As a matter of fact Prince Frederick throughout his whole ^career evinced liberal' tendencies} and waB. in favour of con s'-iting the wishes of the German people1 as a whole rather than of the potentates who for the time being might happen to rule, over them. And so it happened that he to a large extent agreed with the ' far-reaching aima' to which the Chan cellor in the earlier part of his letter alludes. The rulers of the people having put their hands to the plough were in danger^of turning back, while the people themselves, according tofgthe con scientious belief of Prince Frede rick, were all for Fatherland. Under these circumstances something more was required from the allies than the keeping of trealiei which were made at a time when the ruling dynasties had every thing to gain by them. It is observable throughout that almost every point of the diary noticed by the Chancellor has a per sonal rderenca to himself, and deals with questions in which the origin of the idea of German unity is concerned. Who Is there that has ever absolutely originated a great and enduring idea? 'The accom plishment of German unity ^ was the outcome' of- many tendencies work ing ; upwards from among.};! the German1: people; The Crown Prince, thoughtful and sympathetic, caught the enthusiasm as soon as any of those who surrounded his august father j and it is 'quite' possible that, as the diary repre sents, the idea of German unity was enter tained by him long before the Chancellor had ventured to hope for such a consum mation. This, however, must ever be to some extent a matter of opinion. The irritation of Prince Bismarck at the publi cation of the diary throws a very strong light upon the character of the man, and shows how highly he values the popular conception of himself as the emblem and originator of German unity. Mtjsic at the Usivebshy:— The work done by Professor Ives at the University School of Music is beginning to show rich reBult8. A visitor to the University yes terday afternoon could not fail to be impressed with the sight presented by the seventy-five- candidates assembled for examination in the theory of music. This scheme, which has proved as acceptable to music students in this colony and which has further induced entries from the sister colony of Victoria, is a most comprehensive one. The examina tions are conducted in two divisions — junior and senior. The papers set In the former division include questions on all matters connected with elementary musical knowledge— notes, staves, 'keys, scales, transposition, intervals, common chords, &c.; In the senior division the questions are of a more advanced nature, and the candidates are expected to show some knowledge of harmony, counter point, and musical history. Until the Chair of MuBic was established at the University these subjects were little understood in the colony, and as they form the very basis of a sound musical education, the interest evinced in them, as displayed by the large number of candidates offering themselves as subjects for examination, augers well for the ; future development of mu&io; in the colonies. In addition to the candidates who sat for examination at the University yesterday others were being examined at Mount Barker, Sttathalbyn, Kadina, Crystal Brook, and Port Pirie, under the supervision, of gentlemen who are kindly acting as honorary local Secretaries. ThuB students in all parts of the colony may share in the benefits of the scheme without having to entail the expense and inconvenience of travelling long distances. But the en couragement of ihe study of musical theory is not the sole aim of this scheme. Many people may not have the inclination or ability to become composers or critics. To be able to play well upon the pianoforte, violin, organ, or other instrument, or to be able to make the best use of a good voice is no less worthy an achievement than the possession of deep theoretical knowledge. These practical subjects are of no secondary importance in a com plete sjBtem of musical education, and we are .pleased to find that, under the Bcheme their due -encouragement ia pro vided i for j-y a series of examinations in the practice of music which are fixed to beg?non-Moniaay^Wov^abef*12,'ar'the University. For these « subjects ^(ptaffP ^rte-playing^Binging, &c.; J| therejare w5 entries, making with the entries for she theory division 194 in all. This is truly a grand result when it is remembered that this scheme of 'examinations was only inaugurated last year. Besides the indirect influence thuB exerted over the cultivation of musical knowledge. Professor Ives'a lectures at ' the . University, ^are' receiving: |he attention of Btudents who are aspiring: to; degrees in' music. At .these: lectures, which are given daily, the whole ground of musical theory' is traversed — harmony, counterpoint, canon, fugue, instrumenta tion, and musicat form— and we . are glad to learn that tie great interest shown ^ in the lectures from the commencement' does not abate, although a footnote to' the'rega- lations concerning the lectures in,the:Uni eersity calendar states that the conttauance of lectures on music will not be guaranteed after .next year. This is a iamper to Professor Ives's . work which ought to be removed; for mauy'studenta may be deterred from entering upon the three ; ears' course of study if there is -a- possibility, that after next year thp lecture* may cease. .Students .may reasonaBrjl surmise,- however, -that a branch of^the University system L which has ijprojfed^Ba femineritly Btttceasful-i as tie School of. Music will s not be allowed to cease .operations. Such, an event would be a— grave -ifeflection ' upotf^our1 Univeraity system, and we trust the= powers that be, in view of the un questionable Bnccess of the operations of ihe Musio School, will take speedy steps to secure the perpetuation of th» Professorship of Musio. Ltwabd M.M. Mail ShaisesL— The M.M. mail steamer Yarra, was sighted off Cape Boida at 6.10 last evening, and arrived at Largs Bay anchorage early this morning. Sbe wDl Bail for Melbourne and Sydney about 9 a.m. to-day. The following are the booked passengers :— For Melbourne— Messrs. Paul Buef, E. J. Heinnemann,- MoPherqon, G. Wallace, P. G. O'Brien, A. Day, B. W. B. Dnnn, J. A. Lawton, J. Ryall, Grieraon, T. LidBtone, A. Turner, J. Fog&rty;, J. White, . 7\. flood, W. Wilkinson, T. B. Hammay, and A. Bernard, Mesdames Lawton, J. Flood, E. Pollen and three children, Masters Flood and ByaU and MiaaT.B vail. WEATHER. FORECASTS.— The following is a copy of a telegram received by Mr. C .M. Muirhead from Mr. Wragge, Brisbane, on Friday afternoon, November 2:— "Expect unsettled weather ; strong north-west, veer ing south-west ; duststorms inland with some rain and electrical disturbances. Coastal squalls." Mr. Todd's forecast on the same afternoon was of similar import. So far as last night went in the city, the forecasts were for the most part verified. The day had been extremely warm, registering 156° in the sun and 99° in the shade, and the night was sultry, sky overcast with black clouds, and streets swept by duststorms, while a few drops of rain fell at about 8 o'clock and at twenty, minutes to 12. There are no rain reports from the country. Ocbah Mah. Sebvick.— The? R.&LS; Liguria arrived at Albany at 4 a.m.i and sailed at 6 a.m., on the 2nd inat, for liondon. Nobthsbn Tebretoet Finascbs.— Mr. E. W. Giles, of the Audit Department, returned en Thursday from Port Darwin, where he has been to audit VariouB accounts in connection with the State departments. Thb Town Asa Couktet Bask es Ltqot datioh.— A meeting of shareholders,' held at the Town Hall Exchange-room on Friday, November 2, was presided over by Mr. D, Nock.- The meeting was called to ratify aa agreement entered into by the liquidators with the Commercial Bank of Australia, limited, whereby the period for realizing and getting Ur the assets of the Town and Country Bank ahall be deferred until January 4, 1890, and after discussion a ? motion to that effect, tabled by Mr. H. D. Gell, and seconded by .Councillor Marshall, waB carried. The liquidators were questioned as to the present position of affairs, and an opinion was expressed by some shareholders that the realization of the assets should not have been deferred. Thb Tobbens Lake.— Daring the after noon of the lBt iost. one of the beautifal blaok swans on the Torrens Lake waB killed. The bird did not oome to its usual place for the night, and upon being sought for its body waB found in the lake at the rear.of the loco motive Bheds, in a mutilated condition. - - Wateb Supply at Broken Hill.— The Commissioner of Pablio Works (Hon. ; A. Catt) on Friday received a: telegram from Broken Hill asking if it were posaiblejor the Government to have water oonveyei' to Broken Hill from Beetaloo or some.'ottier available source of water supply, and wbit the charge would be per l,(X)0 gallons,- : M^. Catt forwarded the telegram' to the JEL&Uway; CommisBioners, who now have it under their conaideration. Thb Claims by the Padthaway Tbustebs. —The appeal by the Commercial Bank of South Australia against the judgment by Mr. Justice Bouoaut has occupied the Full Court ten days, and the hearing of counsel will occupy at least two days longer. In the course of bis argument on behalf of the Pad thaway trustees on Friday Mr. J. H. Symon Indicated that they were also likely to bring an action against the National Bank to recover £5,500, which David Simpson with drew from the Padthaway' account for his own private purposes while the funds were in the. keeping o! the National Batik afi Narracoorte, and while Henry Cakes' was the Manager. -ntH Public Schools' Exhibition.— The ninth annual exhibition of the Publio Schools'' Floricultural and Industrial Society, was opened in the Town Hall on Friday, Novem ber 2, by the Minister of iLducation. ' It gave every indication of being ev6U a better ° one than hut year. In the industrial depart ment the specimens of the handiwork by the children are highly enggestive of Intelligent progress, and in tbe collections of minerals ? and flowers, especially native flowers, there is every evldenoe of careful classification as ? well as industry, The writing and drawing departments are deserving of high praise, aa in the former there is much character ap parent, and m the latter practical study of the reef ul branches of the art is aleaxly mani fested, the studieB in perspective and from nature being numerous. The attendant© was - very fair in the afternoon and better in the evening, when there was a oonoext. The Exhibition will be continued to-day and;thiB evening. . ? The Latb Mb. W. Malcolm.— The late ? Mr. William Malcolm, who died on Thursday at Lincolnfield Farm. Bute, near Snowtown, was a eon of the late Mr. Alexander Maloolm. He was born in Adelaide, and at the time of his death in his 48th year. The greater part of his life was spent In Gawler, where for many years he was Manager for Messrs. W, Duffield & Co., the well-known millers, with whom he subsequently entered into partner' ship. Af Lerwards he became associated with - the Adelaide Milling Company, and then^ carried on business on hia own account, the firm of W. Maloolm & Co., of which he was: the chief, having mills in different parts of South Australia, tor. Maloolm also! went into squatting, but his attanticn was: prin cipally devoted to milling, and wheatbuying. He, moreover, manifested a deep interest in the development of the Barossa mining district, being particularly concerned in the Lady Alice Mine, wnioh was named in re spect to his wife,' who diedsbme yeara ago. Latterly Mr. Maloolm will be more particu larly remembered in connection with the OBtrichfarming industry. Proceeding to South Africa he there purchased several fine birds, which formed the nucleus of the tuccesaful farm near Gawler, and which sub* » equently became the property of a Company.. During the last few years Mr. Malcolm met: with severe reverses, which, coupled wittn ill-health, Induced him to make an appeal* ioT assistance to colonists in England. When, he failed in business a few years ago he went ?nto fuming at Bute, near the Snow to wo. Railway. In Gawler Mr. Maloolm was a. prominent aad highly respected resident. He was an ardent .worker for the Congrega tional Church, . and . evinced, considerable interest iin. local ., movements generally. Several tunes ho was asked to itwa for election to Parliament, bat wae nnancceasfa} in being returned. His caaie oat a few y«&rs; since for Stanley,- and retired txom tbe contest owing to illness. Tte deceased gentleman was in ill-health for a considerable time. At, the- twpnmng of 36*7 hia condition waft so serious thai little hope waa held oat for hia recovery. He, how ever, improved, bat for several weeks prior to iis death waa confined to hia bed. He leaves a large family, together with a brother (Mr. James Malcolm, Mayor of Wallaroo) sod two married sisters. Messrs. Henry and John Kelly are uncles. - j ISJTCHUCg TO NOBTHEBH TEKKKOBY tHrjsAsxs. — On Friday, November 2, Mr. W. A. Hern, M.P,, waited apon the Mini ster of Education, and presented him with a tttiticn signed by forty-eight Chinese resi dents of Port Darwin, praying for the remedy of what they deemed to be aa injustice im posed upon Chinese residents by tbe guaran tiee regulations adopted some months ago to prevent Chinese immigration. They Btatei , ifcat thirty highly respectable business men oi Port Darwin, who daring the last twelve months have visited China, now find thifc in cosseqaence of the regulations ra f erred to they are sot able to obtain p&assgeB; back to tbe Northern Territory owicg to the fear of the agents of the steamers that their vessels will be qaarao ti&ed; at Fort Darwin 0% account of their having Chinamen on bosrdr Tne petitioners \ &tk; that the Government should inform the I rt?amBhip agents that the; mere fact 0/ them I clinging back the 30 Gbineae who are named in the petition will not render them liable to have their vessels quarantined, and amongst those joining in the request are some of the European residents who have been foremost in opposing indiscriminate immigration of Chinamen to Australia. It pointed out also that the Melbourne and Sydney authorities had already dealt with the matter. The Minister in reply stated that as soon as the Bill which the Legislative Council were now discussing was passed limiting the Chinese passenger-carrying capacity of vessels to one lor every 500 tons the absent Chinese would experience no difficulty in returning, aa the quarantine obstructions would then ha re moved. Ths School of Metes.— At a meeting of the Trades and Labour Council on Friday evening, November 2, Mr. iJ. E. 'Rogers was appointed their representative on the Council of Om Schoal of Mines aad Industries. Mr. Rogers, waowas President of the Trades and Labour Council last year, gave valuable evidence before the Technical Education Board, and generally has taken considerable interest in the establishment of tha School, which he believes is a forerunner of a Technical College. S.A. Lmjth'UTK oe Subvetobs.— By invita tion about 200 ladies and gentlemen attended the anneal meeting of the S.A Institute of Surveyors, Incorporated, at tha Albert Bali, Adelaide, on Friday evening, November 2. Mr. & M. Todd, C.M G., pre sided, and read a very instructive paper, chiefly devoted to the practical rasa oi astronomy and telegraphy in regard to com puting time. Th.9 programme also included musical selections, experiments with electri city, and optical illusions. - Mails.— A petition was presented to the Minister of Education (Hon. J. C F.L Johnson) by Messrs. Castine and Duncan, M.F.'a, from Messrs. J. Rumble, G. Hubble, and E. Semmens, calling attention to the fast that the Governmeut were inviting tender for carrying mails between Ports Adelaide and Lincoln, with extension to Wallaroo, and between Forts Adelaide and Lincoln, with extension to Wallaroo and Franklin Harbotov It was. aaKed that instead of that arrange ment & y'tfl T*Tmnh might take maflsf froni: the train at Wallaroo, and carry them to their destination, or else that a direct line should be employed from Fort Adelaide to Port T-''TW^n and Franklin Harbour. Mr. Basedow, M.P., presented also to Mr. John-; son a petition from the residents at Blanche-! town, calling attention to the invitation for tenders for the conveyance of mails between Truro and Blanchetown, and asking that the number of deliveries a week should not be altered, but should remain as at present three a week. It took four days to get an answer from Adelaide, although only 28 miles from Truro, which received a daily mall. The present cost per annum was £139; and it waa thought that that was as low as it was possible to do it for. The residents were quite satisfied with the present arrange ments, and did not want them altered. Costume Ball. — Theannnalfancy dress ball of Mr. E. J. Wivell's older pupils took place at the Academy on Friday night, and was a- success in everyway. The dresses, many of which were the same as those worn at the lats ball given by lady Smith, were rich and varied,, rendering, the whole -scene very picturesque. The young, people and their elders who came in charge of them enjoyed the dancing, which waa kept up to a reason able hour.' The room was prettily decorated. Sayxsgs. Bask or South Australia. — The following is the monthly report for October, 1888 :— Number of new depositors at Adelaide 399, and 49 accounts reopened=448 ; at 113 agencies 423, and 19 accounts reopened — 442=8aO. Number of accounto closed at Adelaide 324, at 113 agencies 127=451* In crease of depositors, 439. Present somber of depositors, 61,9fi%. Beceiptafrom depositors, Adelaide, £86,448 14b. Id.; at 113 agencies, £31,279 16a.=£97,728 10a. Id. Repayment to depositors, Adelaide, £58,323 4s. lid ; at 113 agencies, £16,582 4a. lid. =£74,905 9s. 10d. Increase oi deposits at Adelaide, £8,12? 9a 2d,; at agencies, £14,697 n». id. =£22,823 0s. 3d. Increase of depodta, £22,823 0a. 3d. Elceb, Smith, & CO., Looted.— A special general meeting; of this Company was held at their registered office, Currie-Btreat, Ade laide, on Friday afternoon, November 2, with respect to certain alterations in the articles of association. Mr. R, Barr Smith presided, and those present represented 24,090 shares. The object was: simply to confirm special resolutions passed at a meet ing of the Company held on October 18 last arising out of the amalgamation of the bun* nesa of Elder, Smith, & Co. with that of Elder's Wool and Produce Company, limited, and. the necessary motion, having been paused the meeting closed. Thb Tohskhs-boad Blocks.— A meeting of the lessees of the Torrens-road working men's blocks was held on Thursday evening at the homestead of Mr. Mannin to consider the sew Land BilL Mr, J. Jones was voted to the chair. After a lengthy discussion it was unanimously resolved that a- petition bs presented to the House of Parliament through the members of Parliament of West Torrens, praying, that the rent paid: by the above lessees be allowed to go toward the PwhwMrf ihelr respective Hooks. Also »a* the mid members of Parliament be re QQested to use their inaaenoe to have the above blocks classified, as the rear blocks are paying the sama amount of rent aa the blocks fronting the Torrens-road, which wen in a more advantageous, position both for water and road traffic. At the close of the meeting fU the lessees present enrolled their names into a branch of , the Homestead! League, to be called the Torrens-road Homestead League Branch* Eabl? Closestg.— A meeting, of the Early Closing AwHodation Committee was held at the office of the Secretary. (Mr. W. G. CoomW) on Thursday evening, November 1, Mr. W. B. Dorman in the chair. There was * T?3r*-r8e attendance, and the members of the committee reuresenting the grocery and boot and shoe establishment promised to cmyas the trade beforenext meeting and see u the assistant* were prepared to fall in,with the gradual system of shortening the hoars of labour providing the employencousenied. Thb Newcasigb Sumo—A, meeting of JlftS 8toik\ Fund Committel of South -Australia was held at the Sir John Barkyoam. Hotel on Friday evening, No vember 2. Mr. £ W. ConeybeerTjrssIded. It was announced that £20 had been received from the Societies, and that the Secretary had over £100 in hand to forward as the next in stalment.- . W1D5ESDAY HAL7-H0LlbAy AT GawLEH.— Out Gawler correspondent writes :— ?'* A movement is on foot to secure the above boon to the various shop aseirtantB and business People of this town. It is understood that most of the principal storekeepers are willing to dose, and there ia erery prospect oi a Eaanimoas decision befog arrived at A meeting of the Diapers' and grocers' Associa tion is-oonveaed for Monday, epwio?, iwhep the necessary steps will be taken, which it U hoped will be BaccesfaL' ' f '\ '' j HnsDMABSH Boildesg SociBrr.— The bklf j early meeting ol - the Hindmarah Permi nent Building Society took dUcs on Friday evening, November 2, in the Central Chambers,. Port-road, Hiadmarah. Mr. J. Shearing presided. Tbe ' profit and loss account showed a total profit of £926 14a. Id., or 2a. 7d. profit per £50 share &ix;~moati{a old. Tbe Reserve Fund balanoe was £106 li 6d, and the total number of shares taken in the Society 1,051. Messrs. J. Shearing F. Reeves, and G. H. Blackman were re-elected Directors. . .... New Zeaxasd.— The foIlowiuR summary of New Zealand news for the week ending October 25, has been forwarded by the Dunedin correspondent of the Arfuai— Thb Government Bave oome to a dedsion as to the lines on which the Pablio Works Depart- ? ment ia to be -abolished. The servipea of about fifty officers will be dispensed with in December, and during next year fifty more will receive notice. Mr. Blackett. Chief Engineeri wili be joffered-the- pasitionr of Iuspector of Material-afr London, and in case he declines it Mr. W. N. Blair will be appointed. Mr. George Fisher (Miniater of Education) and Mr. E. Mitohelaon . '(Minister, for Pu|0io Works) .vfett MaV bourne by- the rMararoa. The vessel tokeBv^-wim - h»';itbe ' larj?eat jaumbor of saloon. -passengers ever oirried by a steamer, for Melbourne from this colony, among them a number of volunteers torepre sent the colony at the Victorian Bine Asso ciation's Centennial Matches, and also a number of bowlers. Enquiries which have been made show that a modification ol the sweating system ia being carried on in Dunedio, where work is let out to women from some of the clothinc factories at prices which make it almost impossible for them to make a living. The price paid to some of these women is in some instances actually lower than in Glasgow. Ihls is not, however, the general rule, aa most of the large clothing factories take special precautions ? against ' sweating,' and pay fair wages. In Ghristcnurch. matters are quite as bad in a few cases. The Government has received a report from Professor Long, the dairy expert, on several questions submitted to him as to the dairying industry. He says he believes that New Zealand cheese can be delivered in England in a- condition to compete with the best produce of the kind sold there, and by avoiding the Danish system the colony could beat the Danes in the quality of the batter. Be advocates the appointment of lecturers at a few of the centres, and oantral training stations, with all the best ap pliances for scientifis and practical dairying; A serious difficulty, which seemed likely, to precipitate a strike of all the seamen engaged on the boats of the Union Steamship Com pany, has jnst been satisfactorily settled, a compromise having been arrived at. The difficulty was in connection with theNorthem Steamship Company at Auckland, whose steamers have been for Borne time worked by men not belonging to the Federated Sea/ men's Union. It is understood that the difficulty has been settled by these men being withdrawn from these steamers, and their place taken by Union men, the Union on thet-ther hand undertaking to admit the men so withdrawn into the Union, The difficulty which has arisen in connection with the coal mines at Greymouth, and which if not settled will probably lead to a strike, is still in abeyance. Views have been ex changed, however, on the points in dispute, and : probably amicable settlement will be arrived at. Mr. J. M. Larnaoh, ex-Minister of Mines, was banqueted by the leading: citizens of Dunedin on the 20th lost, when; general regret was expressed at the early de-j parture of that gentleman for Melbourne, where he has decided to reside. HORSES FOR SIAM.— Colonel Luang Na Siddiri, of the Siamese Royal Cavalry, arrived in Melbourne a few days ago by the s.s. Bancoora from Bangkok (says the Argus). Some six years ago Captain Leonowens, a European in the employ of the Siamese Government, came to this colony and pur- chased a large number of horses, harness, and vehicles, with which the King of Siam was so much pleased that one of the after results was the presentation of a fine elephant by His Imperial Highness to the Melbourne Zoological and Acclimatization Society. Another result of the great satisfaction afforded by the quality of the first purchases is the present semi- official visit of Colonel Luang Nai Siddiri, who has come not only to purchase a large number of horses, ponies, vehicles, and har- ness, but also to gather statistics and in- formation locally about this colony's Go- vernment and resources, and about the working of its penal establishments, lunatic asylums, hospitals, and fire brigades, &c.; The colonel has already purchased a: number of suitable horses and ponies and vehicles, and has given Mr. D. Alston, saddler, a very substantial order for harness and saddlery. The colonel is accompanied by his Secretary, Mr. Nai Sanph, Under-Secretary, Mr. Nai Chirm, Captain Goule, head veteri- nary surgeon to the Siamese Govern- ment, and a European clerk. The colonel expresses himself as delightfully surprised with the City of Melbourne and its surroundings, and intends remaining here till the end of the year. He thinks that there ia every probability of an extensive trade being done between Australia and Siam, aad singles out this colony as being most highly esteemed in Siam. The colonel, who was educated at Oxford, and was for some years on the Siamese Legation in London, Berlin, and Paris, and has visited many European, American, and Asiatic countries and cities, states that, in his opinion, this colony and cities compare very favourably with any he has seen. Tbe colonel intends, of course, seeing tbe races, and more especially the Melbourne Cup, the fame of which has reached even the most remote districts of Siam. Hibernian Fete.— Elsewhere appear full particulars of the Grand Hibernian Fete to take place at the Jubilee Exhibition and Grounds on November 9, The committee ! have spared no pains or expense to make the demonstration one of the best on the Society's ' record. Judging from the length and excel lence of the programme of sports and amuse ments published, doubtless the pablio wil not be slow to avail themselves of a good day's amusement. The Columbia Eiuk u to be open from 10 a.m. to 10 p.m., and numerous and original novelties are promised during the day and evening. : Vua£ Statistics,— The cumber of birtha and deaths registered in the General Register Office during the week- ended Saturday, Oo tober 27, 1888, were:— Births— 113 males, 112 females. Deaths— 33 males, 28 females. Total ? —225 births, 61 deaths. Excess of births, 164. The District of Adelaide.— Births— 22 males, 18 females. Deaths— 10 mala*, 12 females. Total— 40 births, 22 deaths. Excess of births, ;18. , Betoeb Trials.— On Friday the Austra lasian Implement Company received the following telegram :— ' Hornsby binder first ?prize Wagga Wasga field trial, October 31 ; laglewood field trial, November 1, Hornsby first prize. . MHITASY C0NC2ST AND SOCIAL.— The third annual concert and Bociftl by the mem bers of A Battery (Field Artillery) is an nounced for November 21, in the Albert 'Hall, under the patronage of General Downea and the officers of tbe forces. Adelaide Oval.— On the Adelaide Oval to-day the Adelaide v. Norwood match will be completed. Afterwards the Adelaides will start a match against South Adelaides. At the other end Hindmarah will play North Adelaide for the first time this season. i S.A. Teachebs1 Association, — The monthly meeting will be held in the Grote street school this morning. A lecture, en titled ' The Adelaide Beading Sheets,' practically illustrated, wDl be given by Miss Jeffreys. ? Thb Baetfall.— Bainiall for the twenty four hours ending 9 a.m. on Friday.November 2— Eucla, 0TB8. 