JRianellaiuptts JtMigttqt. The Premier says that Mr. Young has com pletely failed in the judgement and firmnaaa which should characterise a Speaker. Jem Mace, the " retired champion of thft world," has two sons in the Wesleyan ministry. Oue of them has considerable repute in Americi as a preacher of the 44 revivalist' order. Cardinal Howard iB hopelessly insane. He has been removed from Some by hie cousin, the Duke of Norfolk, to Arundel Castle. The Cardi nal is 6 feet tall, of great learning, and a most popular prelate. He was formerly a captain of the Life Guards and took to the church after be ing jilted by a beautiful Irish girl. The man got ahead of the tiger im India latft year. Hunters killed 1400 tigers and tigers killed only 1000 men. A New York oculist says that the greatest enemy to the eyes of young men is the cigar ette. A woman's invention is a baby waggon for the house, thoroughly padded, in which the baby cannot be hurt, even if it tips over. The wag gon can be turned into a cradle and made into a swing. Objectionable realism has become a hobby in Parisian society, according to the London Lan-- cef, which is usually an accurate authority. It takes the form of parties made up to witness medical and surgical operations aud scenes at the morgue. Howe, the inventor of the sewing machine, derived the princely fortune of £100,000 a year from his chief invention ; from their mechanical improvements the celebrated Wheeler and Wil- son are reputed to have divided for many years an income of £200,000 ; while the author of the Singer sewing machine left at his decease nearly £3,000,000 sterling. Hers are some curious calculations. Last ye&r;'s drink bill amounted to £124,952,680. Weight of the amount in sovereigns, 978 tons. Time to count it, at the rats of one sovereign per second, 3 years 11 months 21 days. The height of a pillar if the sovereigns were placed face to face, 116 miles. The length of a chain if the sovereigns were placed edge to edge, 1725 miles. At Wilcannia, the other day, a drunken man lighted a fire in a billiard room with kerosene and spilt a quantity over the floor. The blaze attracted the attention of the police, and the in-" dividual who had " etruck ile" was found on the floor, sleeping serenly, with hie clotheB saturated with kerosene, and the room as odorous as the recent derelict. If the position of affairs had not been discovered in time, there would un doubtedly have been a case for the coroner. Thr conference of German BaptistB of the' United States, which began to sit on Sunday at Wabash, Indiana, was startled by the death of » delegate. Elder James Quinter, while on his knees offering the opening prayer, suddenly fell and died of apoiexy, in full view of an assem- blage of 3,000 persons. A young lady, named Mary Jane Penn, aged 21, while crossing the diggings at Winter's Flat, near Ballarat, walked into an abandoned shaft 30ft deep and 3ft wide, and remained under ground for two days and nights. She stater that her fall to the bottom rendered her insensi ble. When consciousness returned he scratched holes iu the side of the shaft, and by this means1 gained the surface, the toes of her boots being worn out by her efforts to gain the top. He es- cape from death is surprising. A remarkable incident which is worthy of no tice occurred recently in Sydney. A young mar ried lady was suffering trom tumor, and it was deemed advisable by a well known doctor to perforin an operation. He, assisted by three others, performed it. After it had been carried out successfully, the friends of the lady were startled to see her turn black, and to all appear-- ances die. Preparations were being made for' the funeral, when the apparently deceased lady was noticed to be breathing, and her body quickly resumed its natural color. She is now rapidly recovering, and the doctor Bays she must have- been in a trance. A remarkable immigration is now taking- place in the Tbargomindah district. Thousands- upon thousands of cats are advancing from the- north and infesting the bush. It is supposed they are following the armies of rats which re. cently passed through here. A curious fact is that the cats, which are about the size of the do mestic species, are all pretty nearly the same' color — namely, sandy — which proves they have reverted to the original stock. They are in very poor condition, showing that their migration is due to the scarcity of their habitual food. The Dutch, it appears, are still enlarging Holland. Probably 1,000,000 acres of land have been reclaimed from the sea during the last two centuries, and a good work is going on at the- rate of eight acres a day. The more democratic the House of Commons1 becomes, says the London Standard, the greater number it includes of representative sporting men. Rowers, cricketers, racing, and hunting men are all crowding in in ever greater crowds. English is the fireside tongue of the Greek,. Danish, and Russian Royal and Imperial families. Our Queen Bpeaks German in her home circle, and oddly enough, the German Crown Princess- discards it in hers, preferring English. The smallest rircular saw in use is oue used in slitting gold pens. It is a disc about the size of a 5 cent piece and haB the thickness of oxdi- nary paper. Its velocity tends to keep it rigid enough for use ; 400 revolutions a minute is the ordinary rate of these diminutive saws. A3 Mr. Bent, leader of the Opposition, was approaching the Victorian Assembly Chamber on Tuesday afternoon, being eugrossed in read, iug a paper, he struck his head against a beam and fell down. He was stunned for a few se- conds afterwurds, and suffered from a slight con- cussion, and had to be accommodated with abed1 ir. the House., A licensed surveyor named Garland has re cently made an interesting discovery on Mr. Sherwin's property, parish of Newham, in the Bnrrowa district. The bushrangers Gilbert and Hall at one time frequented this locality. There- is a cave in the vicinity which the desperadoes- used to inhabit. Mr. Garland resolved to visit- it. It is a small cavern, having three compart ments. Owing to its peculiar formation, Mr. Garland and party had great difficulty in explor ing one of the compartments. I'hey succeeded1 in entering, and discovered inside the lower jawbone of a human being, and other bones sup posed to be portions of a human skoleton.. Straw, used probably for bedding, was seen in the cave. A bug of bullets was also found in- it. A man named Timothy Foley died under very- painful circumstances at Broken Hill on Mon day. Foley has led a very intemperate life for some time past, and on Monday his drinking capabilities were made the subject of a wager,, some foolish individuals betting that Foley could drink six pints of beer within 6 minutes.. Deceased drank the beer, and was shortly after wards seen to stagger out of the Hotel iuto the- street. He was then taken into a bedroom, Dr.- Smith was soou in attendance. The deceased' presented an appearance described as utterly horrible. The medical men present declared1 that in all their experience they never atten ded a death-bed under more dreadful circum stances. Henry George's laud theories have been- placed under a ban by the New Jersey Court of Chancery. A worthy resident of that state be queathed 5000dols to George for the purpose of disseminating his land doctrines.. The heirs con tested the bequest on the ground that it was not- charitable, benevolent, or educational. The- Vice-Chanoellor held- that George's real estate- theories were in violation of the laws of the land, and that he could not sanction- their disse- ' initiation. 