"Short, Sharp, Sufnr." Wet. Homes Haunts to ui^lit. Benefit Horpital at Garner h, Tom Bent accused or corruption. New Zealand Parliament o;;c~od. Mr. Witball bel'eves ia our rubie3, Way Lee will be allowed to re.urn, Mies Von FinkeUtein't* first lecture. Silverton exchange opened yesterday. Land-office Officials don't get any bonus. Norwoods v. South Acelaides to-morrow. An early closing agitation at Broken Hill, M.M. steamer Yarra en route for Australia, The rain has not come before it was wanted. Vice-regal command night at Garner's this evening, Ruby shareholders rejoiced at Sit. Withall'a statement. Canadian wheat erop3 show a prospect ot abundance. Bishops have given in their adhe3ion to tha Papal decree. Mies Von Finkelstein has any amount of " propsities." Ferdinand is ready to repeat his oath to be come a Bulgarian, Car reporterwas apparelled to represents Bedouin chieftain, A German paper says tbifc a volcanic out burst is inevitable. Tasmania wants the credit for suggesting the Chinese conference. Little Tasmania is too busy to attend a Cmnese Conference, Charges investigated by the Lunacy Board held to be disproved. A Mr. JobiB ia going to try and ero3S tbe Atlantic in an airship. The Beltana Broken Hill c»30 is dn^giag its weary length along. Mr. Gladstone hope3 that public opinion will soon undergo a change. Nonconformists have been presenting the G.U.M. with an address. Intercolonial Sugar Baun'-es Cjn'eran"? have agreed to a protocol. ' These rubies were not Mr. Slrocur's rubies; that was the misfortune." The Norwoods play their ln,3t match before going to Melbourne to-morrow, Sir Jchn Robertson, of Sydney, has baen fined for not paying a legal cab fare. Chinese Government have given tha Portu guese perpetual possession of Macao. The Local Government Board of London atsisting paupsr emigration to the colonies. Lord Knutsford favor3 restricting t' 3 Chinese rather than absolutely excluding .'"hem. The Rabbit Commission of New Souih Wales are going to icterview Professor Watson, Sir Tho3, Mcll wraith's committee have formed themselves into an Australian National Association. Mr. With all holds some shares in the MacDonnell Ruby Company, and he means to siick to them, The G.O.M. has received a green silk badge from Australia with the words-" Rsmembec Mic'nelatown" on it, The Melbourne Aye ha3 discovered tliab M-. J. G, Knight is Government Resident of the Northern Territory. Mr. Withall says there is no doubt that young Mr. Pearson is a peculiar man, but he is a maa with a very honest character. A Pennsylvania court has been called upon to decide-so w= are solemnly told by Gaivj nari - whether it is criminal for a school teacher to punish boya by compelling them to sit wirh the girls. Washington is much astonished. Miss BeL'e Cora Fellows, a highly-connected young lady, intends to marry Chaska, a worthless fall blood Sioux Indian, who has spent much t;-ne in the guard house for stealing. It is generally understood that Mr. J. G. Knight is amateur "Pooh-Bah" of the Northern Territory, but we.were unaware uat'l we learnt so from tbe Aye ->t> he held tha position of Government Resident. One of the most distinguished actresses in Hungsiy, Mdme. de Pulsky, wife of M. Charles de Pulsky, a member of Parliament, has committed suicide at Buda Pe3t. She first threw herself into the Danube, and, on beinsc rescued and carried to her home, took poison, A private expedition, under the leadership of a well known Norwegian athlete - Mr. NauHen-will this spring make'an attempt to cross the vast snowfields of Greenland on snosv shcea. A wealthy Danish merchant has sup plied the money for this unique enterprise, and Mr. Nansen has received numerous applications for pymission to jjin him, Captain Krebs, whose aerostatic inventions are well known, has invented a new electrical ship's boat, especially designated for men-of-war boats. The motor is of an improved form, the power being supplied by accumulators. The t reat advantage of such a boat is that it will move through the water unheard, as electrical power is practically noisaless, It is reported that a Mr. Sherrin, a painter of still life subjects, but who has made a hobby of mechanics and allied sciences, recency discovered and patented an invention which promises something like _ a complete revolution in locomotion. It consists of a_ very simple but effective application of electricity to c.' cles and wheeled vehicles in general, the motive power being completely under control, A Constantinople telegram sayB:-"An extraordinary scene has just been witnessed bVie, hundreds of Turkish women haying assembled outside the residence of tha Minister of Finance to demand the immediate payment of arrears of pension due to retired gendarmes. The scene was one of indescribable tumult, and had the infuriated women succeeded in laying hands upon the Minister^ it is probable that he would have fared badly. Miss Minnie Freeman, the young Nebraska Ecbool teacher who distinguished herself by saving the lives of thirteen of her pupils during the late blizzard in the Western States, has since been overwhelmed by a deluge of onera of marriege from simpletons all over the west. There seems to be an idiotic idea prevalent that the highest ambition of a woman s me is to acquire a husband, but as a rule, says a con temporary out there, those who entertain that opinion get " left." The Benders of the letters referred to will be among the number, An extraordinary incident in a game of whist occurred at the United Service Club, Calcutta. The players were Justice Norris, Dr. Harvey, Dr. Sanders, and Dr, K.eeve3i Two were opened, and were trayed and shuffled in tbe usual way. Dr. Sanders had one of the packs cut to him, and proceeded to deal. ±ia turned up the knave of clubs, and on sorting his hand found that he had the other . ti urn pa. The fact was duly recorded in writiEg. The odds against this combination are, according to whist authorities, IDS'tSO.COO.GOO to one ! The Hungarian Government has ordered the ra'iway authorities to prevent tueir officials fiom issuing tickets to intending emigrants. The fact is that emigration from Hungary is constantly on the increase, and in order to secure penurious emigrants against the Ameri can Pauper Immigrants Act the agents provide them with fictitious cheques. The P"£ci Lloyd Lome time ago, writing on the wretched condition of the Hungarian agricultural laborer, whose earnings averaged 2d. a day, statfd that the widespread desire of emigrating is but too natural, and in many cases beneficial to the emigrants. A Chinaman doesn't have to fool away two or fhree years at college and graduate with a .?c";a earnished with a big rea seal in order f' h "JS a doctor. He simply goes out and job of spiders and snakes, which he in a bo^Ie for a aiSn> and then makea * P jrl on waBDB a^d centipedes, and toads and taw «=* vs and grinds »p warrmted to ha3 a °tock o medicine ol. ,4- r £0 an ingrow cure anything froma torpidt fa Ms mg toe nail, That he fully u V , f. 3 ..h business iB shown in the fact tL ^ toe death rate in China is fearfully large, and t> " Standing Room Only" is posted on t.?« a aw of nearly all the graveyards, THINGS WOBTH KNOWIXG, A fever patient is cooled and made mora comfortable by frequent sponging with warm soda water. , A half-teaspoonful of aoda m half a cup ot water will relieve sick headache caused by in digestion. _ . , vVaim mustard water should be given to one who has accident?Uy swallowed poison, J.his will cause vomiting. After that give a cup of etrorg ccffee. That will counteract the re maining effects-. . When going from a warm room out into tha cold air clo^e your mouth and breathe through your nose to prevent takingj .Id, A haid co'd is often cared by a cup of hot lemonade taken at bedtime, aB it will produce perspiration. Teething children may be relieved of con vulsions by being immersed in a warm bath, and cold water Bhould be applied to the head. For croup or pneumonia brniBe raw omona, lay on a cloth with powdered gum camphor spiinkled over it, and apply to chest and lungs, and cover with hot flannel. This is a sure cure when taken in time, 