COMMERCIAL. Thursday Evening. Our cable advices report an advance ta tho London wheat market, and this may bo con nected with the very conflicting roportg from different quarters ta reference to tho prospoots of the grata trade current at tho date of the despatch of the advices per Ormuz. Ugly rumors as to shortage of crops, not only ta tho United States, but ta Europe, too, were then alloaL The wheat on passage at that data, however, included ovor half a million quarters from Australasia, and, in viow of roduoed supplies from Aroorica, it is the opinion of ex ports that Australia, Russia and India may ship greatly inoreased supplies without lower ing rates, which ore now tending upward Brad4trcct'et reviewing tho prospoots of tho American crop at the opening of the month of Juno, writes thus — The winter wheat states of Ohio, Indiana, Ulinofa and Michigan suffered severely from climatic in fluences, and prospects for a minimum crop are patent. That there has been some improvement in tho condition of what escaped winter killing there cannot be any doabt. The Illinois state ro>ort, from returns to 1st May, made tho average condition of wheat iu that state 10 points above tho averago of tho Government report, from returns to 25th April. The climatic conditions since tho beginning of May have been qnfto generally favorable in all tho winter wheiifc states. Thoro has been an abundant rainfall extending quite gene rally all over tho Ohio valley and northward to tiro great lakes. Tho temperature has been rather lower most of tho time since tho Iroglnmng of May than could havo been desired : but still vegetation has made good progress, considering the nature of tiro season. There has been ploughed up In these states considerable of tho area sown to fall wheats Spring grains take Its place. There cjui bo uo doubt that this is a clear loss to the aggregate outpnfc of tho wheat crop ; neither can there bo any'doulrtbut that the damago to tho winter whoab crop has been greatly exaggerated by numerous reports, largely for Fpeculntivepurposes. Thoso four states had an ontput of 132,3)6,000 bushels in 1837, against 134,751,000 bushels in 1886, 89,106,000 bushels in 1835, and 137,077,000 bushels in 1884, being on average of 123.320j000 bushels, or 137,077,000 bushels maximum ana 89(196,000 bushels minimum. Tho output cannot now bo forecast. It is not probable that it will co voiy much below tho miuimum of 89,200,000 bushels, or 4, 120,000 bushels below tho average crop of tho four states for four years, unless climatic conditions are more unfavorable than there is reason to oxnecL It is reported that Kentucky and Missouri will not have an average wheat crop. The' Government May report m- dicatcd that Now York would have a deficient crop, while tho Pennsylvania Stat© re port indicates for that state a crop above an average. Tho reports in regard to tho California wheat crop have l>eon very conflicting. Tho crop from various accounts is spotted in sonro places very good in others deficient. Tlio California wheat crop was 30,429,000 bushofa in 1887, against 30,165,000 hnsnols In 1886, 26,892,000 bushels in 1885, 44,320,090 biiKhefa in 1884 and 36,322,000 bushefa in 1883, an average of 34,76o,600 bushels. Specnhtnr© rcpnrteii as low as a half a an averago crop for 1833, which wheat rapidly advanced, but "itii later and more accurate information the price foil again. The latest information (conservativo in character) is for an ontput probably of 28,000,000 to 32,000,000 minimis In California for the crop of 1883. The spring whea t crop Is looking well, the only complaint being that tho date of seeding was later t ha n usu:d. The seediug, therefore, has been effected under general! v /avcrr- ablo conditions. The crop Is uow limiting good progress, and in southern Minnesota, where tlio crop List year was very poor, it has a better promise than any yonr of tho lost three. The wheat is 6 inches high in Homo places in Dakota. The iirua planted to spring wheat xs not known, but it is preteihlv larger than in 1887. Tho immigration into tho temtor>' has probably oxtoudixl the wheat area. Th© recWt better report of tho crop ban already caused |»rices ta decline some cents, aud by many a farther decline is expected. Tho advance hud checked tho export movement. Apart, however, from tho question of probablo yield, wo havo information from the United Kingdom which indicates that unusually scvoro weather had been experienced during tho preeout month, and this must militate ngninst orop prospects, arid further tend to harden tho market, though it must not bo forgotten that a weather ono is proverbially uncertain. TUe British Government hnyo given up tho idea of attempting this session an elaborate re form of tho Companies Acts, and aro going to confine their ctforte to two or threo points, in tho hope that tho grosser evils of company pro- motion may bo ended. Tho Lord Chancellor's first proposition is that proof must lie givcu that a certain pro;>brtion of tho capital of tho company is paid up, that thoro is aoortuiu num ber of &ond;,riefc shareholders, and that tho pro moters themselves aro taking a substantial interest iu tho concern. Next ho proposes that it should bo compulsory on companies to furnish something liko a balance shcofc aud an account of their assets, uud that from time to tirao fchcro should ho a revaluation of tlio assets. Both tlicso requirements, if fairly com plied with, would no doubt (remarks tho Pall Mall Gazette) put an end to many abuses, but it is significant that neithci tho present nor tbo ox-Lord Chancellor nro very sanguine as to tho result-. As Lord IlcrscboU remarked, tho pro visions may form on ohstaclo and an impediment to those companies which it is not desired to hinder, whilo, at tho enmo timo, thoy will be walked round, or walked through, by the voiy pooplo aimed at. If company promotion and wrecking could bo mado loss profitublo to the fraudulent, and greater personal resj>onfnbility, both financially and criminally, could l>o secured, thoro would bo moro hopo of saving tho public from barefaced swincUorf, and preventing tho nhuso of the Comxinios Acts. Our London special correspondent cables tho successful floating of tho Melbourne Tramwny Trust loan of £250,000, bearing interest at 4; per cont., at nn averago price of £109 16s., or £2 16s. aboro tho minimum fixed; . The Agent- : Goueral, who has control of tho Harbor Trust loan, considers that ft bettor prico may bo had by waiting imtil October. Meanwhile, how- over, our mail advices stato that tho issuo of tho Canadian loan in tho Loudon market marks a uow era in colonial finance, as it is tho first 3 por rout, loan that has been placed on tho market by any of tho colonio©. It has to bo remembered, also, that tho Dominiou led tho way with the 5A per cents. Tho new loan — tlio tenders for which nvo to bo oponod on 15th June, is already being dealt with on tho market nt a premium of from 24 to 3, so that its success seems to ho assured, and it will probably net considerably over the minimum price of £92 lCfa. Tho improvement in the credit of the colonies in tho last few ycars«--partictilftr!y of Canada— is remarkable, lor it is not so long ago— in 1863— that Canadian 5 por cents, were being quoted nt under 90. The question why cannot Australia follow Canada led to the i&suo; uf low interest hvnro. In our jjfcuo oi Sfrudny we published a letter j from Mr. Ohorles Bothcl, a member of the -1 firm of Bethol and Co., the well known ship J brokers of London, iu connection with the 1 operations of tho association who control the j Australian loading berths in London and Liver- j pool. Our special correspondent's cablo mes sage refers to the paucity of vessels now on the London berths, whilst our mail advices state that tlio past fortnight has witnessed a further and important development of the Australian Mutual Shipping Company's busi ness in tho loading of the magnificent twin- screw steamer Richmond Hill, 4225 tons register. Sho sailed under charge of Captain Hyde, on 12tli June, with n full cargo and about 70 paesongera of nil classes for Adolaido, Melbourne and Sydney, and consider ing her exceptional horse power, should make a rapid ltm out te her destination. The " ring " of ship brokers opposed this boat very vigorously with two fighting steamers (tho Hubbuck and Duike of Devonshire), hut notwithstanding these efforts she has received excellent support from the trade, a numbor of new houses, m addition to tho recognised mutual shippers, having des patched largo parcels of goods by her. The Mutual Company are so satisfied with thfa first venture in steam, that further high clasr>cd I steamers are likely to bo seen under their tiag : very shortly. | Tho land "boom," according to tho latest accounts, is extending to Sydney, the relative lower prices ruling there lor city projjerties when compared with those paid in Melhoumo attracting considerable notice. Tho Syducy Daily Telegraph states that tlie Colonial Land and Investment Company Limited, of Sydney and Melhoumo, have purchased the followiug 15 properties, tlie total purchase money aggre gating obont £500,000 L Oorncr of Sns.<ex and Era kino streets, Bank of Austraktaia, and adjoining restaurant, 2\. 77 New Pitt-street, Firo aud Marine Association Company. 3\. 149 and 151 Y'ork-strcefc. 4\. faind upon which is huUt Crystal Palace Skating Rink, York and Clarence streets. premises. 66\. To Cormack's eooporngo. 6c. Adjoining ditto. 6\. Allotraont, Beilly-lanc and Pitt-street. 7\. Vncant Loud near Circular Quay, adjoining Wataon'B Paragon HotoL 7a. Penpcs and Shaw's. Second sale. 8\. 344 ffoorge-sfcrcet. 9\. 346 Oeorge-street. 10\. 342 George- street. IL Y'acont Jand in George-street, leased to Thomas Macgregor. 12\. I/)Aver Georcc-streei, between Blno Anchor and Gohlen Ago Hotels, less about 14 feet. 13\. Oorncr of Bridge and George strrote--(l) hotel, (2) chemist, (3) boot maker, (4) drajror. 14\. George and IJamiltoii strceta. la Block vacant land, Elizabeth and Phillip streets. In tho following list ore 24 lots of property wbioh have been sold ta various buyers, the aggregate nurchaso moneys of 22 lot© reaching over £1,400,000. As the two lots of wliioli the ealo prices havo not been mado known nro valu able wharves, tho total probably reaches £1,550.000, making with tho abovo list a grand total of £2.050.000 L Threo shops in George-street, occupied by John Sanos. dee., pirrchascd by a Sydney syndicate. 2\. Shop in George-etreet, occupied by Peapcs and Shaw, Ivuik. auction room »uid Noako's shops, together with Dnlton Bros.' property in IMtt-«treet and intervening land, purchased by a Sydney and Melbourne syndicate, and intended to ho converted into an arendn. A International Hotel, corner of King and Pitt streets, purchased by a Sydney buyer. 4\. Cmnpagnoni's Hotel, Pitt-stroot, purchased by a Melhonrne syndicate. 5\. Perry's Store, Pitt-stroet, purchaseil by a Sydney buver. 6\. Dill, Clark's Stores, Circular Quay, purchased by a London buyer. 7\. Property occupied by Cripps and Selig, George- street-, opposite Circular Quay, purchased by a 3rei- bourne syndicate. 8\. Ge6rg>strect north, part of old A.S.N. Co.'s proporty, purchased by a Sydney and ilelboimie synuicaie. , 9\. Corner Macquario and Bent streets, purchase<l by. a Sydney and lulbourne syndicate. lu Property fronting CasUcrwigh and Elizabeth streets, known us Dean's property, twico sold ; last purchaser, Melbourne syndicate. 11\. TattersiiU's-ehamhers, corner Hunter and Castlereugh streets, pnrcliased bv Syduov buyetv. 12\. Reading's proporty, aiijoining 'fattoivall's- chamboi-s, Cnstlereagh-atrcet, purchased by Sydnev buyers. 1 1A Hunter-street, property adjoining Tattersall's- chambers, purchased by London buyers. 14\. Oorucr block, Hunter and Bligh streets, known as Swan's Corner, nurclurocd by Sydney buyers. 16\. Corner block, BUch, Bent and Elizabeth streets, opposite Union Club, purcluscd by Mel bourne syndicate. 16\. Pfhalert's Hotel. YY'ynyard-sqimro, twice sold ; lafit purchased !r>- Mcdhoumo syndicate. 17\. Property, corner of King and Kent streets. 18\. RukscU'k YVltJirf, Darling Haihor, twice aold ; last purchaser, Melhoumo syndicate. 19\. Fagnu's Wharf, Darluig ILirkor, twico sold ; lost purehJiKer, Melironnic svndieate. 20\. Dfbb'a Wharf, Miller's Point, purchased by Sydney syndfriilo. 2L AlgeriB YVbarf purchased by a syndicate. 22\. COnier Goorg© and Bond street©, purchased by Sydney buyers. 2A Street's Wharf, Darling Harbor, purchased by Melhoumo buyers. 24\. Wharf, foot King-street (Howard Smith's), purchased by Moll>ourn© buyers. From the foregoing it will bo clearly scon that property buyora in Melbourne aro quite ready to oporatc outside their own city when tlio pros pects of profit are good. General business is quiet, and although tho trade demand is fair, still there is little of special interest mentioned in tho import mar kets. Tho third scries of colonial wool sales closed in London yesterday under conditions fairly satisfactory, though the demand at tho close was hardly so brisk. As at tho September ' sales, 25,000 bales less will bo availablo than last your, and tho arrivals are ex pected to fall short of thoso of 1887 by some 50,000 bales. Prices are likely to harden. It is satisfactory te learn that tho market for tin continue; to improvo in London, a substantial .recovery in pricoa being reported by our latest cable message. YVhcat also fa higher, n result due, doubtless, in a groat measure to tho rontons given alrove. For cargoes of . Australian wheat 34s. te 34s. 6d. aro now tho quotations for 480 lb, ex ship. Tbo immediate future of the market must greatly depend on tho weather, and as this fa uncertain bo must tho market be. Locally, holders uro asking moro money, nud coupled with this thoro is a Irotter disposition shown te purchase. Indeed, local millers nro at a dis advantage, for, ns n nil©, thoy hold hut light stocks, and anything liko a riso in Eurono suffi cient to induce shipments honco would befutlowcd by a rush to obtain supplies. At tho auction sale to-doy a lino of 350 bags of interior milling wheat sold, delivered nt Moroland station, at 3s. 2d. to 3s. 3jd. Privately, some 1200 bags sold up te 3s. 4d. ; moro business pending. Flour, however, remains quiet, and wo near of only u limited number of tnuio ealcs at £7 for stono mado, and £8 upwards for roller. By the steamer To An an wo have a week's lntor advices from New Zealand. Dunedin ro» i port of the 12th inst. enys j Fnr oatsamodcmtely steady demand continues to exist both for locaiutid export requirements. Ail sorts nro firmer, with the exception of black Tartars, which do not go off at tho prices realised earlier in tlio season, especially lines. Deliveries of nil sorts havo almost now ceased, aud tho holders of tho few Hues still unsold are asking aud getting slightly higher nites. Reports from the Mellrourno rnarkot are soinewfait more encouraging; while tho Sydney market is showing » downward tendency. Stocks in agents' bauds hero am considerably lower than nt the sumo time hist season, and tho Indications are that prices are likely to further improve. Wo quoto stout- bright Canadians, Is. 101. ; stout bright bntherlancfa, Is- 10rL; bright spanowblUs, Is. 9d. to Is. Ojrt.; medium. Is. 8UI. to Is. 9d.: Danish, Is. 7A«L to Is. 8jcl.; long Tartara (fit for seed), Is. lOd. to 2a.; black. Is. 9d. to 2a., tho latter price only for small parcels (ox store, hags weighed in). Barlev sho-s no improvement in the demand, and sales still diffi cult. tri effect, with th© exception of prime bright malting. Milling fa occasionally asked for, hut the quantity rc<piirc«f for this purpose fa limited. Quo tations nro: For primo malting, 4s. to 4s. 3d.; medium, no demand, nominal, As.6d. to 3s. 9d.; fewt aud milling, 2s. to 3s. 3d. (ex store). Locally our rnarkot for feed grains continues stiff, and oats remains iu good demand. At auction medium q ality eohl nt 2s. loii and 2s. 5£d. for inferior thin qualities. Privately the prices obtained for heavy and stout New Zealand sorts show a strong market; 1000 bags sold on sK>t and to land at 3s. 2d. to 5s. 3d. Holders of malting barley are firm, and we hear of. sonio 400 bags having been sold ot 5b. 6d. At auction medium quitted nt 5s. Id. Peas aro ns a rule held for 2s. 10d-. Maize quiet ; small trado lots placed at and up t© 5s. 10d. per old ; 100 Ixigs of now Victorian taken at 3s. 9d. Bran moves off at 8d. No new development in juto goods, but there is n growing im pression that prices havo touched bottom and thnfc the noxt movement will ho in an up ward direction < 23 fades of bran bags placed nt 5s. Caudles quiet ; sales at 6Jd. d.p. A fair business continue© to l>c done m oils. A tola- grmn, dated New York, 13th inst, is to huud, which says:— u3Iarket very firm. Sinco tho despatch of the last mail rid Sail Francisco, freights have advanced, und engagements mndoat 15 per 'cent, hfghor than last quotations."; Tho sugar market displays littlo activity, ami ns » rulo tlio trade are restricting their purchases te imuicdinto wnute. About 800 hags and pockfcts of Mauritius placed. YYritU regurd te tea, Messrs. ISuttcrffcld and Swire write ua thus, under ilalo of Foo Ohuw, 27th Juno : — Siuco our last report, dated the 14th Instant, a large quantity of tea has changed hands settle ments for the period under review amounting to 142,000 half-chests Congou, a eonsiclcniblo propor tion of which arc for tho Australian markets. Tho bulk of purchases have been in Pan Y'ong kinds at 'price© ranging from 19 j (aels to 34i tads, showing a distinct mivoJieo on vnlnes nt the date of hist circular, ami certainly 3 taefa to 4 tads ovor last year's prices for better liquoring teas, hut much worse in appearance. Exchange, however, Is 44 per cent, lower. At th© commencement of the season, London buyers almost ruled th© market: lately, however, colonial buyers havo com© to tho front, and operators for the homo markrXsn.ro only now buying moderately, having filled their first three steamers. Common kinds have been dealt in veiysparinglv, the demand for lx»ndon fa nil. and for the colonies prices aro at present too high taclsloj. Second crop teas are now being put. on tbo market. Iu appearance they are good ; Paklums are -m ill black tippy leafed tc;is. Fan Yongs are groyfah, small, will twisted in leaf, with plenty of tips, nosey, nice handling te.us; the infixed leaf is verv light iu color and it is doubtful whether thov will retain their strong pungent flavor in cup. Knryuncs and JSuey Kuts; very few musters have bevn shown, priivs ;uu very higli, theteus at© excel lent in appearance, being small and black in leaf, and Strang and tlavury in the cup. The market was opened at 28.60 taefa, in Bui Yongs and at 20 laels for Snev Kuts— iu the former district supplies of roallv cootl lookine iL-tvorx reas :»r.» pl.Mit iml l.nr ow-tog to the doulu about their keeping properties : tbev seem likely to hang Are. Stocks are only half what they were at the samo period of the ' Benson last year, and consist almost entirely of good common and low medium kinds ; they are a few | chops only of fine, medium, aud good medium Pan | Y'ong. Supplies and Prospects: With tho now ascertained deficit of 7,000,000 lb. in tho first I crop uflil the larger quantity tltat lias been sent to London out of th© Mitiro crop, it would nnptsir that j huX>rta nets I only to bo properly hauurod at the j Australian end to ensure favorable results to nhlp- i nients now going forward, which caiuiot bo repfacotl. at any price, this season. Market closes Ann for all grades with an apward tecdoncj. Tho namo firm cable under ctato of the 16th Inst., as follows "First crop shows a deficiency of 7,000,000 lb. ns compared with last year. The shipments tothecoloniesaremoderate. Purchases can only be completed in part," Other cablo messages are of a similar character. Our local market will bo tested on Thursday next, when the entire Melbourne portion of tho Ghnzee's cargo will be offered at auction. Oil men's stores moro off freely. All the available lots of Swiss milk, in anticipation of duty being placed on thfa line, have been taken up at prices touching 5s. 10id.; 100 casee of Koiller's marmalade sold Qt 7b., 2 tanks of canary seed at 16s. 6d., 1 tank of Epps's cocoa at Is. 5d., 150 cases of jar salt ot 5a. 6d., 3 tanks of Taylor's cocoa at 1b. 2ki., 200 boxes of Colman's DoF mustard, and 250 cases of Bryant and May's plaid vistas. Dried frnits nro coming into notice: 400 boxes of Sultana raisins sola at 5|d., and 10 cases of French plains at Is. 2d. Moro done in fish ; 300 cases of 1 lb. salmon quitted at 10s. ld. te 10s. 3d., 150 cases of sardines (halves) at 7s., 10 pun cheons ami 100 crjsea of ling nt 3d. to 34d. and 50 half barrels of salted salmon at 4£a. The hop market fa strong, 15 halca of Victorinn 1888'b sold at Is. 8d. Inmctafawohearofa Hue of 85 tons of assorted fencing wire, Nos. 6, 7 and 8, placed ; aly> a parcel of Blaokwnll G.O. Iron, o and 8 feet lengths, eohl nt £16 2s. 6d. A London telegram, dated the 11th inst., says : — " Gnlvanise<l iron firmer. Spelter advancing. Tonnogo by sailing vessel Kcnrcc." In cement sale3 of 200 casks at 15s. Ah, ©x store. In liquids we not© 2C0 cases of Henn&esy;'s pale brandy sold at 35s., .and 25 quarters ot Lamb's Messrs. Adamson, Bell and Co. write this under date of Foo Ghow, 22ncl June : — In continuation of our advices under date 8th Juno we havo to report a consistently Ann market and good demand for all grades of ton. No conces sion mro been obtainable from the basis established at tlio opening of tiro market, and beyond aU doubt earlier purchases phow imicn better value thiui nt presont afforde<l. As stocks of desirable tea grow smaller wo can hardly anticipate any decltiie in prices, while an advance would not b© surprising. Bnycrs havo become more accustomed to the some what higher " tnel " prices nt which the market wxj opened, and now more fully recognise the fart tint teas cost laid down in sterling very littlo tnovo than hist season. In rSrtuo of tho low rates of exchange and freight now ruling. The estimated deficiency of first crop tea at ono tfmo considered likely to bo 100,000 half-chests has proved to ho loss than the reality, for we now find supplies fully 130,000 to 140,000 half- chests under last season up to the present, while it fa not possible to predict now far the discrepancy may bo eventually enhanced hv the further non-pro duction of common tea in the second and third crops, for it fa certain that it cnnnnfcbo produced ta sell at quotations at present ruling in London. ; Stocks of Panyongs now on offer consist of the leant I desirable kinds which reooived no attention when | tho selection was large and of better qimlitv, and it I is Impossible to duplicate piuchasea of lOtwysngo. Tho total stock of first crop tea now on th© rnarkot amounts to only 50,000 chests, of which nbont 10,000 chestn aro Tpeirmoos, and 20,000 cherte PauyocgK, the bull: being open fikeily lerrt teas, offiy dcslrablo , at lower prices than at present current. Common j grades aro in small supply, but out of favor . with tbo majority of buyers ; tho lowest qnota- tinn for very coarso h'qnoring whole leaf Is TIs. 9 to j 9i short. jUI grades under 8d. per lb. nro in very i short supply. Second orop teas aro coming down I slowly, showing in Ponyonga and Snoy Knta very pood quality ; a fow havo fonnd buyers nt full rates, viz., TK 30 for tho former, and Tlx. 20 ta 21 for tho tatter descriptions. The export honco ta London has been somowlmt hurried forward, wliUo Austm- j lian suppliea havo been rctardod by an unexpected j absenco of tannage, which will result in verv mode- f rate arrivals during tho first few woeks'of tho i season. Sonclionga.— A strong demand has existed, and tho stock is now pretty wou picked' over. 'Ibe j choicest and choice teas have been takon at high prices for ren good quality, while fine and medium grades havo shown fair voluo of fate atsomedecllno ( from earlier quotations. Teas from TIs. 20 to 25 | short havo afforded bef ter relatiro value than tho I higher grades. Settlements of sonchlng liavo been t hoa\y, hut tho yiarkot fa now much quieter. Flowery pekoes have lieen eagerly taken at firm 1 prices raugfng from TIs. 50 to TIs. 140. SU«ck« ! now consist of the least dosimhle qualities, and it fa said that total supply will bo 40 por cent, nndor last year. Scented tcfas havo been freely settled in J tho choice grades, hut comparatively fow medium j to Quo teis aro going forward. In tho choicest chops these tons show verv excellent quality. Tho uulookcd for withdrawal from the Melbourne berth of tho d. Kildare. and tho humeri loading of th© s. Tartar as first steamer has bcon tho causo of serious InconvonieiK.'e to Australian shippers, and has produced a scarcity of early tonnnco of all port©, which fa only partially relievod at the moment. It is ta l>e hoped that the moderate rateat which tho export to Australta is going forward will have a salutary effect upon that ru.'irkoL nieuta during tno fortnight havo hoeu : — Congou, 82,922 chest© : Souehoug/8794 ehasfa; Oolong, 544 half-ehcsta : fiowory pokoo, 1281 cheats; scented teas, 10,863 boxes. EXIOllT TO TITK ATT.STR.tMAN COLONIES (AS PKB Smrrcus' Retuilns) Stelr- ta/ s>t!na>-- kfat 1888\. " : Juno 15 Tartar, a. .. 2,631,319 — — June 17 Airlie. . — 1,732,314 325,339 Total, 1888-89 . . 2,631,219 1,732,314 323,339 m 1886-87 .. 3,144,775 1,925,112 230,757 R ite.H of Freight. — To Lomiom3ki. per ton; to Sydney and Melbonrne, 30«. per ton. Sltipulug.— For Ijondon: The h. I'aJained and llilttmniH are ehortly expected. For Vancouver B.C.: The O.P. b. Aberdeen, duo 27tli inst., hvids at 2i ceniH. gross. For colonies, Sydnoy and Mol- bourn© : The >. Ghnzeo, duo on 25th, fa fullj engage<l nt 30s. jror ton. 'J'iio a Memnnlr fa is lieen wah- drawn, and the next loading will Iw & Tehirtos for alwivo port« at a simitar rate. Exchiiiigo. — 4 months' sight bank r.reiBts, 3s. 0d., firm ; 6 jnouths' sight hank credits, 3s. Id., finn. Tho Australian Mortgage, Land and Finance Company Limited have receivo»l the following telegram from Moasrs. Hehnnth, Sclnvartzo and Company, dated London, 11th July : — " YYooi sates : Since our lirot telegram, there is no change for tho bulk of wools. The tone in rather duller, and prices for the lower cta-os of wool aro scarcely maintained. The quantity catalogued up to date is 260,000 biles, of wbicfi j 13,000 havo neen withdrawn and 136,000 takon i for export." Tho Now Zealand Loan nnd Torcantile Agency Company IJmitcd have received tbo following telegram from their London house, dated 11th Jul' "YYTioat : Tho tono of tho market is firm. Tho weather is unfavorable for the crop hero. Adolaido wheat is worth 34s. per 496 lh." IL Goldsbrough aud Cotupai\v Limited hnvo received the following telegram from their lxm- don house, dated 14th July j— M YYool : Tlio season is closing with great spirit at its best point for good greasy and scoured merino, ijoarse crossbreds show no improvement, and aU inferior and faulty wools aro rather weaker. Tallow : Market stronger. For beef thoro is a strung dum«udnt2Is. to21s. 9d. i>orowt., showing an advance of 3d. Mutton advanced 6d. ; steady demand at from 22b. 6d. to 23s." Messrs. Dalgety nnd Company Limited, -ool brokers, have received tho following telegram from their London office, dated 17th July - "YYool sales continuo with less spirit." Tho New Zealand Loan anil Mercantile Agency Company buvo asked as to intimate that an error was made in tho publication of their weekly rcriort, prime wheat being quoted at os. 5id., whilst tho prico should havo been 3s. 3d. Tho revenue eollwtod nt the Customs House thfa day uuioitulvd t<i £11,844 2s. 4<L; wharfage, £381 (k lid.; renclngeut, £142 13s. 6cL; pilotage, £170 13s. 6d. 