ROCKHAMPTON. WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1888. THE BRITISH IS THE STATES. In Australia, three sections of the British race celebrate their respective saints days. The Irish have their St. Patrick's Day, the Scots their St. Andrew's Day, and the Welsh their St. David's Day. But, hitherto, the English have neglected especially to recognise the anniversary of their patron saint, St. George. Until re- cently a similar state of affairs has obtained in the United States. The English have been unrepresented, the Scots and the Welsh have had their customary national associations, but the Irish alone, through their elaborate or- ganisation, have wielded formidable political power. A remarkable awaken- ing of national sentiment, however, is now in progress, such as it behoves all interested in the future of our race to study. It has often been a matter of surprise to the student of American politics that, considering the vast immi- gration into the States, the political institutions of that country have been so little modified by the immigrants. The explanation of this strange pheno- menon is found in the almost universal abstention of three of the four sections of British immigrants from political life. Arrived in the United States, the Englishman, Scots- man, or Welshman, finds a machine made political system, purely parochial in its effects, and altogether devoid of that world-wide influence and interest to which he has been accustomed. He sees the machine driven by wire pullers, self-seekers, and cliques. He notes the most strenuous efforts of politicians de- voted to promoting or opposing some scheme of purely local nature. He re- marks that when foreign questions arise, they are treated with a want of moderation entirely foreign to his habits. The higher politics are un- known. He cannot but see that a seat in the Senate, in Congress, in the local legislatures is the last thing the leaders of society aspire to. Totally unaccustomed to the use of poli- tics as a lever for the acquisition of wealth it never occurs to him to devote himself to a study of them with that object. Moreover, the love of the old land is still strong in him, and the inducements held out by the new world are not sufficient to prevail upon him to part with his birthright of British citizenship. Limiting himself to the practice of his handicraft, his profession, his trade, and justly holding that, as a guest, it would be indecent in him to interfere in the domestic arrangements of his kindly hosts, he occupies himself with further- ing his material interests, and eschews politics altogether. Not so with the Irishman. Scarcely does he set foot upon the western shore than he is taken in hand by his countrymen. Without loss of time he is made to declare his inten- tions to become a citizen, the period of probation is passed, the letters of naturalisation are issued, and without more ado he takes his place as a politi- cal power in the land. The dimensions to which that power has attained will he present to the minds of our readers, but the mode and direction of its exer- cise, it is not now our intention to dis- cuss. Had the Irish - American associa- tions limited themselves to using their political power for the furtherance of their own interests they might have been permitted to pursue their course unhindered by any British element. But the active hostility lately exhibited by them has driven the English, Scotch, and Welsh, to inquire whether they are not sufficiently numerous to neutralize this activity at its very source. The inquiries have resulted in an emphatic affirmative. The census of 1880 showed that in the United States there were 1,643,755 persons of British birth other than Irish, and that of these the im- mense number of 400,000 were of voting age. Since 1880 the British stream of immigration has yearly exceeded that of the Irish. In 1886 the respective totals were 99,852 and 52,858. In the nine months ending September last they were 107,349 and 52,407. Seized with these facts, and mindful of the lessons taught them by the Irish organisations, prominent Britons have taken the matter in hand with the full reso- lution to make the British vote a power- ful factor in American politics. To this end a newspaper, called The British American, has been started, and has already a large circulation. Up- wards of 1000 societies have been estab- lished in the different centres. The Order of St. George, with its 40,000 members and wide ramifications has been enlisted in the service. And now the various Court offices in all the large cities of the Union may be seen thronged with Britons, complying with the preliminaries necessary to naturalisation. With such forces at their disposal, it is not difficult to forsee the immense influence shortly to be wielded by Britons in the States. Welcomed by thoughtful Americans as an efficient counterpoise to the incubus of the Irish vote, there is no doubt that its weight will he thrown into the scale for the public good. Much as sectional pre- judices and organisations are to be deprecated in the political arena, they can only be regarded as the creation of the caucus system of government preva- lent in the States. This movement cannot but be hailed by those having the future of the British races at heart as one likely to exercise a beneficial influence in promoting friendly relations between Great Britain and America. But be this as it may, the movement now started cannot be stopped. Those whose irreconciliable antagonism has enforced its initiation, must bear the brunt of it. In the words of one of its leaders, " Obviously it is going to be a great power in American politics, and somebody will feel its weight before long." It is remarkable sometimes how speedily Nemesis overtakes her victim ; but rarely could a more exceptional illustration of this occur than in a lively incident which took place in the New South Wales Legislative Assembly last week. On the previous Friday there had been a discussion in the House on the " brutality " of the glove fights, which people of a sporting turn of mind have relished so much, and during it Mr. M'Elhone, the member for the Upper Hunter, as sub- sequent events proved, gave himself away. "So far as I am concerned" he sid " if I knew that two men of equal weight and skill were going to have a good squareprize fight, I should no mind going from here to Melbourne to see it." Those were the sentiments of Mr. M'Elhone. Now, no man regrets his advocacy of the pugilistic art —or is it science?—more than he. For on the following Wednesday he had the satisfac- tion of being one of the principals in what was a particularly pretty Parliamentary pugilistic performance. In the course of a discussion he took it upon him to say there were a great many mining swindles in the colony ; and no one disputed the fact until he particularised instead of generalised. When he referred to the White Rock mine as the latest instance, Mr. Matheson, another member, and a large shareholder, felt called upon to resent it in the peculiar fashion they have down south. Accordingly he sought out Mr. M'Elhone in the smoking room and called him " a — liar," and the latter's pugilistic propensities rose to the occasion. He hit his defamer in the mouth straight from the shoulder. But it would appear that he had only studied the art of self-defence from a scientific aspect, preferring rather to see two others cover themselves with gore and glory than to enter into such little pastimes himself. At all events his opponent gave a better exemplifi- cation of fisticuffs than he, and after three rounds Mr. M'Elhone threw himself on the sofa, panting and bleeding from the brow, and called for brandy and soda. The fight took place in the smoking room of Parliament House while a debate was going on, and as soon as the news spread that Mr. M'Elhone and Matheson were wiping the floor with each other, the Speaker was left in solitary glory, fighting is more attractive than dreary debating in the New South Wales Assembly, and it is just possible before a member expresses himself favourably on prize fighting again, he will take practical lessons, lest a worse evil befall him than has overtaken Mr. M'Elhone. An element of novelty has been introduced into the otherwise novel proceedings of the Salvation Army in New Zealand, by the advent of "Colonel "and Mrs. Taylor from India. The big drum and tamborine, the revelations of reformed burglars, and the con- fessions of saved rouseabouts, will have to play a subsidiary part, so long as the newest sensation proves powerful enough to put money into the by no means over- flowing exchequer of the Army. The visitors from the East masquerade before the audience in all the hideousness of Oriental costume. The Colonel's habiliments consist of a white turban and pugaree (the latter of which can serve at a pinch the pur- pnses of a shawl, towel, and purse), a flowing white scarf, a red tunic, and a white nether gurment, " suspiciously like a petticoat," while Mrs. Taylor is dressed in a light yellow fabric, with a shawl thrown over her head in place of the coal scuttle bonnet usually affected by " hallelujah ladies." clad in this unpic- turesque garb they march through the streets, and afterwards relate to the motley crowd, that morbid curiosity has collected to hear them their experiences among the dusky dwellers iu Southern India. While there they had to adopt the native customs as to food and clothing, and generally their lot was not a happy one. Most likely the Colonel and his good lady were only too glad to get away from the beggarly heathen, who could only contribute an occasional quantity of rice to- wards the support of General Booth's followers ; and will be in no hurry to leave the sunny south, where their bread will be more sure, although the ridicule they will have to face may not be greater than that of the lordly Brahmin or the supercilious Hindoo. But this innovation on Salvation Army costumes in New Zealand at once suggests the adoption of the habit, and habits as well, of natives in other countries. How would it do, for instance, for Captain Buckingham and his confreres to adopt the garb of our aboriginals ? It would scarcely do for them to turn out in puris naturalibus, but something could be done with the aid of kangaroo skin cloaks and possum tunics in approximating to the style of "budgeree blackfellow." Of this the local Salvation officers may be sure, that when they come out in such a style they will draw a crowd. The largest alligator yet killed in the Gulf was shot lately at Exot Station. It measured 20 ft. 6 in. from the top of the nose to the end of the tail, and its girth was 6ft. 6 in. In its stomach were two sucking pigs and part of a bullock. At a recent meeting of the Townsville Separation Council, it was stated the Separ- ation cause, was slumbering, and no wonder, for among the correspondence was a letter from the manager of the Bank of Australasia asking what steps were being taken to wipe of the overdraft of £618. Mr. T. P. Fitzgerald, manager of the Three, in One Circus, is now in town, making ar- rangements for a return visit of the combin- ation about the 28th instant. Since leaving here the company has performed with success in Townsville, Charters Towers, and other towns, and is now at Cairns. The B.I.S.N. Company's steamship Chye- bassa arrived at Thursday Island on Satur- day, and left again the same day for Brisbane via ports. She is due in Port Alma about the end of the week. The Chyebassa has fifty immigrants for Rockhampton, consisting of two married couples, six single women, thirty five single men, and five children. A meeting of the Band Committee of the Naval Companies was held at the drill- shed last evening. There were present : — Lieu- tenant Smith (in the chair), Sub-lieutenants Bowker and Spier, and Messrs. Meacham, Cowie, and Instructor Marshall. The busi- ness of the evening was to discuss a code of rules which had been drawn up for approval, and it was decided to forward same to Lieu- tenant Drake, R.N., officer-instructor of the Naval Corps. —Owing to the inclemency of the weather no drill of the Naval Artillery was held. The following sales are reported by the Union Mortgage and Agency Company :—-In conjunction with Messrs. Trebeck, Son, and Gair, on account of the mortgagees, Rain- worth Station, situated in the Leichhardt District, near Springsure, together with about 29,000 sheep and all sundries, at a satis- factory figure, Messrs Turner and Yetman purchasers ; on ace mut of Mr J. G. Dougharty, all the sheep on his Yarron Vale station, consisisting of about 12,500 ewes, 3000 lambs, and 300 rams ; on account of tin Southern Queensland Pastoral Company, 143 rams from their Daandine station ; and on Mr. J. G. H. Wilson, of Collaroy, 500 No. 5 bullocks. Members of Divisional Boards and other connected therewith will be interested to learn that Mr. John L. Woolcock is preparing an explanatory and annoted edition of all the Acts and portions of Acts relating to local government in Queensland by Divisional Boards. The volume, which will be similar in its scheme to Mr. Woolcocks excellent edition of the Justices Act, will include the Divisional Boards Act of 1867, the Valuation Act of 1887, the Local Authorities Joint Action Act of 886, the Local Works Loan Act of 1880, the Sale to Local Authorities Land Act of 1882, the Health Act of 1884 the Health Act Amendment Act of 1886 the local option clauses of the Licensing act of 1885, the conditions to be observed in respect of loans for waterworks, and the recently issued instructions by the Auditor-General to divisional clerks as to the manner of keeping the divisional books. A comprehensive intro- duction and index will also be supplied by the editor. The work is expected to be ready early in March. We (Peak Downs Telegram) regret to an- nounce that our only lawyer bade adieu to Clermont yesterday. Mr. Holland has been among us about twelve months, and we have his own authority for stating that he did not make a fortune during that time. There was very little litigation on of any sort, and Mr. Holland is decidedly of opinion that Clermont cannot at present support a solicitor, and that to remain here any longer would be only wasting time which could be more valuably utilised elsewhere. During his short stay in Clermont Mr. Holland made many private friends, several of whom met on Thursday evening last, and in a social bumper ex- pressed regret at his departure, and wished him every success in the future. Mr. Holland suitably acknowledged the toast, and re- marked that the people of Clermont ought to congratulate themselves on the peaceful manner in which they lived, inasmuch they could not support a lawyer. We be- lieve it is Mr. Holland's intention to leave for England at an early date, in order to prac- tise his profession. Until the date of his de- parture his address will be Rockhampton. After a most tempestuous voyage, the " Mother Goose " Burlesque Company arrived here yesterday morning, and they gave their first performance in the School of Arts last night before what may be considered an ex- tremely good house. For shortly before the entertainment commenced heavy rain began to fall, and with but little cessation it con- tinued all the evening. Making every allow- ance for the adverse circumstances through which the company have passed since leaving the metropolis, it cannot be said their pantomime, of which such favourable re- ports were received from Brisbane and elsewhere, was the success it should have been. Probably two or three days' experience of the adversities of the sea in rough weather had taken much of the " go " out of the members of the company and with a day or two's sojourn on land they will doubtless improve considerably. At all events, it is to be hoped such may be the case. Spectators last night were much concerned as to who bore the titular role of the pantomime and it was not until the performance was con- siderably advanced that the discovery was made. By all appearances " Mother Goose is the good fairy, who sheds the light benevolence and good will over the persecuted offspring of "Queen Tiddyiddy "and "King Kokolorum" (who are represented respectively in the persons of Miss Maggio Oliver and Mr. D'Arcy Stanfield), and the favoured individual whose love-suit is assisted under such favourable auspices is " The Prince" (Miss Amy Horton) Seriously speaking, there is nothing of a substantial character in the performance—if there ever is in a pantomime ; and its success depends entirely upon the political, personal, and topical allusions made in the course of the songs introduced into the pantomime. Some of these—especially those of a local character— took well ; but the majority of the jokes require alteration. That which was perfectly understandable to a metropolitan audience requires some amount of explanation to those who are not au fait with southern political circum- stances ; and the result is the force of jokes are lost. The company suffered a great loss by reason of the fact that a number of their costumes had been left behind, or as it was said, sent on before. Probably after recuperation of a day or two on shore the company will improve. They have several clever artistes amongst their number, who, as opportunity offers, will doubtless appear greater advantage than they did last night. Miss Amy Horton, for instance, was piquante aud refreshing, and the proverbial " Mother Goose '' in the person of Miss Annetta Wilhem sang some popular songs, for which she was encored. Mr. Hall and Mr. Stanfield were untiring in their endeavours, and the re- mainder of the company do their utmost to support them. It is only fair to the " Mother Goose " Company to say they could not possibly have appeared under more auspicious circumstances, and therefore there is every reason to hope that with each suc- ceeding performance they will improve. The tender of the Isis Investment Company, for the supply of 3000 tons of coal for the Central Railway, has been aeoepted. The amount is £2962 10s. Only one tender has been received for the supply of winter uniforms and caps for the Central Railway Department, viz., from Messrs. J. Stewart and Co. The Secretary for Railways has given in- structions for the construction of the ap- proaches to the now celebrated bridge at Clermont, says the Courier of Tuesday. The first idea was to cut down the bridge, but an examination was made by some of the engineers of the Central Railway and they re- ported against the proposal, thus practically supporting the Engineer for bridges by whom the bridge was constructed. The Clermont Municipal Council will contribute £100 to the cost of the approaches, and the balance will be defrayed by the Government. A case of considerable interest and im- portance has been decided in the Supreme Court of New South Wales. In December last Arthur Francis Curnow, common law clerk in the office of Dr. Sly, solicitor, was charged at the Central Police Court, under the provisions of the Stamp Duties Amend- ment Act, with having unlawfully given to William Nicholls a receipt for the payment of £12 7s. 6d., which, although liable to duty, was not duly stamped. It seems that Nicholls had forwarded a cheque to Dr. Sly in a letter, and received an acknowledgment by post in the following terms:—"I am in receipt of yours of the 13th instant, enclosing cheque for £12 7s. 6d., amount of my taxed costs herein, and bailiffs' fees.—Yours obdiently, GEORGE J. SLY, per A.F.C." Mr. Abbott, before whom the case was tried, held that the charge was proved, and fined defendant 40s. and costs. The defendant appealed against this decision to Mr. Justice Innes, who granted a prohibition and quashed the conviction, with costs against the informant Nichols, he being of opinion that the letter in question did not come under the provisions of the Act. It was now sought, on behalf of the Crown, to have His Honor's decision set aside, on the ground that the conviction was right in the law. The Chief Justice was of opinion that Mr. Justice Innes was right in directing a prohibition to go against the de- cision of the Police Magistrate. It appeared to him that the letter was not a receipt within the meaning of the Act of Parliament, as there was not in its terms any acknowledge ment of settlement, satisfaction, or discharge. At the same time he guarded himself from allowing it to be supposed that acknowledge- ment of cheques would not require stamps. Mr. Justice Windeyer concurred in the opinion of the Chief Justice, and the appli- cation was refused with costs. At the Police Court yesterday, before, the Police Magistrate and Mr. F. Morgan, J.P., a young man named John Power was charged with furious driving. Sub-Inspector Gal- braith stated he was standing on the Fitzroy Bridge on Monday evening talking to a friend when a man galloped across on horseback leading another horse. When near the north- side he crashed into a cab, nearly upset it and caused some damage. Witness walked up and caught one of the horses. Presently Power, who had ridden on, returned, and witness took him in custody. Presently he released him on his own bail, a friend pro- mising to take him home. Accused did not deny the charge, but pleaded that be was the worse for drink. Mr. Lukin : It was an act of Providence, and not your fault, that you did not kill the cabman and a few foot passengers, but I suppose that is nothing. Well, the maximum penalty is £10, and yours is a very gross case indeed, especially as it happened on the Bridge. It would not be a bit of good—after you had made a widow of some unfortunate woman, and three or four children fatherless— for you to say " I didn't mean to do it ; I was drunk." It would be no satisfaction to them and as far as they are concerned you might as well have gone up, and deliberately toma- hawked a man. Sub Inspector Galbraith re- marked that the accused's brother-in-law gave him a very good character, and he had come quietly to the lockup. Mr. Lukin : Your character saves yon £5. Otherwise we should have fined you £10 ; now we only fine you £5. This is not so much to punish you as to pre- vent others from doing the same thing. In the event of non-payment, you go to gaol for three months. Sub-Inspector Galbraith said the cabman (W. J. Scott) had made a claim for the damage to his cab, and Mr. Lukin remarked : We have nothing to do with that He has a civil remedy. He can sue you, Power, for it, and for any damages to person, fright, injury to his feelings, and everything else. There's a fine case against you.—Thomas Marley, a labourer, was charged with unlawfully deserting, and neglecting, and refusing to support, his wife and two children. Marley said he was willing to support his family. Mr. Lukin : No doubt you are now ; but did you support them ? Accused : No. Mr. Lukin : You are quite willing when you are made. Go into the box, Mrs. Marley. Mary Marley, wife of defendant, stated she arrived in Rockhampton on the 31st of October last with her husband and children, and went to live with her brother-in-law (Mr. Hagan ); the defendant got work on the 18th of November at Mr. Pattison's, and received, she believed, £1 week and rations ; he had been em- ployed there ever since, but he had never given her a penny ; she had received nothing from him since he had been in the colony. Mr. Lukin : If that's true you're a nice sort of article, and yet you have the con- science to come here and say you are " willing." Michael Hagan, shop engineman in the Central Railway Workshops, brother- in-law of the prosecutrix, gave evidence to the effect that he had been supporting Mrs. Marley and her children since the 31st of October ; he told panel about three weeks ago that he would have to do something towards maintaining his family, but he had done nothing up till the present; he said this morning that he would take a house. Defen-- dant : Didn't I say I was willing to do any- thing you asked me ? Mr. Lukin : What's the use of your talking rubbish? If you can't talk sense, hold your tongue. Did you do it? Why didn't you pay something to your wife? Tell us that! Defendant : I know, sir—Mr. Lukin : Because you pre- ferred to pour it down your throat, and go about with a lot of flash young rowdies. Xii why. And you would leave your children—your own flesh and blood starve. Defendant : I would not do t sir. Mr. Lukin : Why did you do it tb You trespassed on this man's good nature at any rate. Now what have you got to I You are "willing," I suppose. Defendant Yes. Mr. Lukin : Well, I'll tell you your position. We can call on you to find sureties to pay s0 much a week to your wife for twelve months, and in default we can send you to prison for six months. You couldn't find sureties, I'm sure. Nobody would go surety for a good-for-nothing fellow like you. Then yon wouldn't be able to flash round the town and public-houses, drinking your wages. Defendant : I've done with that, sir. They asked me to take the pledge, and I have done so for twelve months. Mr. Lukin : There's a difference between taking it and keeping it. The best thing would be to send you to gaol ; but perhaps your fortunate wife would not think so. Well, you will sit down and write an order for your wife to draw the month's wages that are coming to you, and we will order you to pay 10s. a week for twelve months as long as are getting 15s. a week. As soon as you get better employment, your wife can come here and I will make another order. That is, of course, if yon don't behave like a decent man. Mr. Hagan, if he does not pay up regularly, we shall send him to gaol. Meanwhile we adjourn the case sine die. While the de- fendant was signing the order on his em- ployer, the Bench altered the verdict, making the weekly contribution two thirds of wages, and Mr. Lukin remarked : That's 10s. . week at présent for throe, «orí 5a. s. w .nd board for you. Marley. One get« 25i week, and the others 3s. 4d. each. The following are the most recent appoi (neats published in the Government Gaz and oar southern contemporaries :-Willi Armstrong, to be Returning Officer for ( Normanby Electorate rire Foakcs, resigne Constable J. King, to bc acting Clerk i"etty Sessions at Alpha ; F. W. Smith, to m lieutenant in thc Naval Defence Force ; l'\ Koch, to be a captain on tho unattached ! of tho Defend Force ; <;. 1'. Ogg, to be poul kceper-jiro (cm at Wiuton. In commenting on the decision in 1 Mount Murgau appeal cases, tho Ad'ta Olnerrer remarks The plaintiffs' inter had been acquired by a company, which h issued 3200 shares, £12 10s. paid, issued paid up to £ i.1. Several hundreds of I shares wee held in Adelaide. One brol alone disposed of eighty-live, and others ha sold as mauy as iiity each. In fact, a mon ago, when a retort got abroad that sevc leading lawyers iu the town had expressed t opinion that tho appellants had a better ci for the Privy Council than tbeir opponcn there was a rush for the shares, and we lei on good authority that one was purchased a lady for £130. Of late they have ranged from about £20 to £30. On Tuesday moi iug, just previous to the arrival of t message from Kngland, they wera sclliug 'Chauge for £30 and £28. In numero instances one Bhaie hus been divided arno as many ns forty persons. Kviu boyB fifteen have clubbed together in thc hope squeezing into the msgic circle of those wi van dip iuto the treasures of thc faino qfcount Morgan Cold Mines. An announcement in our advcrlisii columns calls uttcntiou to the meeting atockowners to bc held at tho Court House < Saturday week, the 3rd of March, to elect board for the Gogaugo Marsupial District fi this year. Speaking at Croydon the other day on tl Chinese question, tho Minister fur Min said it could not bc absolutely settled uni Australia cut the painter from England, ar so freed herself from foreign treaties. 1: urged the return of sixteen northern mcmbei as a solid band, not to crave justice for tl North, but to put the party in power ont justice were nut accorded. Brisbane ha treated the North badly in thc past throug ignorance, but w as now awakening to a knov ledge of the value of tho North. Mr. John Gillespie, a resident of Wallsen and a local preacher of thc Primitive Mcthi dist Connexion, conducted set vico at Mina on Sunday night, and left to return on foe to Wallsend, near Newcastle, carrying lantern, but had not reached his destinatio on Monday. Great anxiety for his eafet was felt, and Sergeant Grennan, of Wallsenf and Constable Bogers, of Minmi, proceedc in scirch of Gillespie. They continued thei exertions until eleven o'clock ucxt forenoon when they succeeded in fiuding thc uufoi túnate man at the bo', tom of au empty shal 40 ft. deep. He was soon rescued, and i was found tint his thigh was broken and h was otherwise seriously injured. He wa sensible, although not in ir iii condition t (¡ive an explanation RS to how he fell, lt i surmised that he lost his way aud rtuinblci over the hedge toto tho shaft. Mr. Uillespi was removed to his residence at Wallsend where be received medical aid from Dr. Nash He was in thc shaft from Sunday night unti ll a.m. on Tuesday, and apparently bcyont the reach of human aid. The wonder is hi did cot lose his senses. A boy named Scoti in the search par ly was tho iir«t to lo ik dowi the shaft and uoticed au umbrella there. In the case of Miss Horabji, a Parsee lad) who has just graduated in exceptionally brilliant stylo at Bombay University, Lore Tenuyson might find a " motive " for a poem of which the heroine would form a companion and counterpart to the " fair girl graduates ' of another sphere Miss Sorabji's feat ha; been descibed as " an interesting illustration of the power of Western culture to penetrate the almost ioviucihlc social conservatism of India." But it is something more than this. Miss Sorabji is a Christian, thc child of Christian parents, and is one of seven sisters, all of whom have been well educated, ami are doing good service ne educationists. Her mother, Mrs. Sorabji, has established a successful high echoal in Poonuh, where Europeans, Eurasians, Pareses, Hindoos, and Beui Israelites, all meet together for instruction. Her father ÍB a clergy- man and ar. hon. missionary of thc Church Missionary Society. Miss Sorabji distinguished herself throughout her Uni- versity course, and succeeded in winuing scholarships each year. In I8S5 she was de- clared Havelock prizeman, and gaiued the Hugbling Scholarship, besides being at the head of the list of competitors of English, and now finally she has succeeded in graduating ia the first class. Only six students iu all, of whom the remaining live were men, succeeded in obtaining this degree. Miss Sorabji is the only " girl graduate" in the Bombay Presi- dency. Tiut it is not unlikely that she may soon have " fair " companious to share the honour with her. At any rate, in her own family there ÍB evidence of great ability among young Parece ladies, and her career illustrates the way in which many of tho young Christian women of India are now coming to the front, not only in educational but in medical work. ' It was expected ia England that there would be an increased demand for butter after the 1st of Jauuary, when the Margarine Bill came into force. A writer in The Agriculteral Oaxclte says :-" It strikes me that there will be almost a butter famine. A large quantity of vile stuff is now daily palmed off as butter; and when sellers are compelled to offer it in its trae colour thc public will refuse to accept it ; and where is thc butter to come from to substitute the tons of butteriue that are now weekly sold to the victimised consumers. Good fresh butter is now selling io Ashford at ls. 4d. per lb., and there will he a greater demand for good butter ofter the 1st January. Where the laud is suitable, I think there is still some bop» for the farmers, as it will bc their own fault if so much money is sent abroad as heretofore to purchase butter that could be produced in oui own country."-Thc following paragraph, w hich appeared iu tire Sydney Daily Telegraph recently, shows what is within reach of Australian dairy farmers who will take tho troub'c to learn their busi- ness properly and apply a'l their energies to it :-" A shipment of hu'ter «cut home Ly the Fresh Food and Ice Company, through Mort and Co., realised 110s. and 112'. per cwt., a price at which thc farmers could grow ? ich. The agents write that thc butter bas been pro- nounced by our factors to he the best they hid seen from any part, excelling thc Danish, which ls regarded herc as the acme.'" Th is il high praise. Dutch butter fur a long period held the pride of place in Kn^hind, completely destroying thc Irish sud local butter industry. Danish dairymen have, however, supplant d the Hollanders. Now, however, Australian batter has obtained a tooting on tho London market, and thc praise accorded to it is excep- tionally flattering. Messrs. Mort and Co. write-" There has been oothing in the market that can at all compare with yours"-a tribute to Australian butter-makers which should rouse them to fresh energy in the pre- paration of tbeir goods. Upon their cne-gy and care depends successful trade in a new market "BUCIIO-PAIBA."-Quick, complete cure, all annoying Kidney, Bladder, and Urinary diseases. At chemisfs and druggists. Klliot Bros, and Co., Agents, Brisbane.-Au VT. Do not be discouraged.-Even if you have tried many remedies for your kidney disease , or liver complaint without success it is no reason why yon should think your disorder incurable. Tbe most intractable cases readily yield to the potent virtues of DB. DELLX BITOBS. It is a purely vegetable compouud, which acts on the kidneys, liver and bowels st the same time, and thus cleanses the whole system. Don't wait, bat get a bottle to-day and cure yourself. í The Chief Inspector of Stock has returned to Brisbane from his vbiit to the Fassifern Scrub, says the Courter, where he went to in- spect tbe disease in sheep and cattle, which was reported to have broken out there. Mr. Gordon Eaw several horses and sheep which were affected, and he has brought a diseased sheep to Brisbane, and placed it in tho hauds of Mr. J. Irving, Government veterinary surgeon, for report. Powerful Bcab and other glasses have been used, but no traces of para- sites or insects have been found, and it is now believed that the disease is simply the result of a " flush of graBS," as only grass-fed animals have been seized. Those affected ure otherwise in good condition. A small spot first appears and thc hair or wool comes off, irritation en- sues, aud the animal scratches or rubs itself against trees and fences, thus causing raw sores, which have in many caseB been in- tensified by the application of nrsenic, blue- stone, or kerosene, when soap aud disinfectiug fluids should have been used. lt is stated that Little's chemical fluid has been found very effective in the case of horses, but it has been suggested that d'y or stable feeding would also restore them to proper condition. News has been received from all parts of thc colony of the disease in horses, but happily so far as sheep are concerned its appearance elsewhere than in thc West More.on district hus not been reported. " KotîGii ON PILES "-Why suffer Piles » Immediate relief and complete cure guaran- teed. Ask for " Rough ou Piles." Surecuro for itching, protruding, bleeding, or any form of PileB.-ADVT. Commence the year right.-Don't make too many resolutions, but hold cn like grim death to those you do make. If >our physical system is out of order you should attend to that at ouce, for it's no use trying to keep a still" upper lip when your kidueys or liver are taking thc courage out of you. If you have really made up your mind to turn over a new leaf, commence the year by taking a thorough course of the celebrated nu. HELL'S IIITTKKS. Thonsands of people testify to its good effects for kidney diseases, biliousness, piles, consti- pation, &c.; 