NEW SOUTH WALES MEMS. At the Cassilis lands office on 6th inst. 4670 acres were selected. Blight has shown itself in some o£ the late maize crops at Taree. Dr. Ross, M.L.A., was banquetted by his constituents at Molong. The Custome receipts of Grafton for the quarter ending March 31 show a total of £231 15s. 9d. The shares in the Moruya Gold-mining Company, lately placed on the London market, have been allotted. It is reported that two Ministers and several members of Parliament will visit the LiBmore district this month. The Colonial Office has virtually promised Captain Strachan the possession of Strachan Island, New Guinea. The Queensland Executive has decided to reduce the cattle rates on the Queensland railways by 20 per cent. It is reported that M. Pasteur's represents tives have received the offer of a large sum for all rights of their scheme. A body found floating near the Newcastle breakwater on Friday, has been identified as tbat of Thomas James, a miner. Sir Samuel Griffith addressed a large gathering of the electors of Brisbane at the Exhibition-building, Brisbane, last week. Mr. G. H. Reid, M.L.A., has accepted an invitation to deliver a lecture this evening at West Maitland, on " Free Trade." Sir Saul Samuel, the Agent-General for the colong, will leave Sydney early next month to resume his official duties in London. Mr. Stephen H. Marsh, the pioneer of tbe musical art in Melbourne and Sydney, 25 years ago, died at San Francisco on January 21. A man named George Rod well, of Gresford, met his death through being pierced by a sapling, upon which he was thrown from his horse. Sir Henry Parkes is of opinion that there is no truth in the statement tbat the Nelson is to be handed over to the Australian Governments. A sum of £8541 Is. was paid at the Crown Lands Office, Forbes, during last week as interest and instalments on conditional purchases. The tender of Mr. JaB. Pritchard has been accepted for the construction of St. Paul's Church bell tower, in Maitland, at a cost of £1414. Mr. Morgan, caretaker of Mr. Black's station, at Saddle Creek, was attacked by wild dogs while going his rounds. He managed to escape. Sir Henry Parkes says that it is very difficult for the police to obtain convictions lor selling liquor during prohibited hours in private bars. The Sydney Protection and Political Reform League passed a resolution sympathising witb the efforts now being made for early closing of retail shops. A verdict of " accidentally drowned" was returned by a jury who inquired into the death of the lad Augustus William Maher, at tbe South Head barracks. Proclamations were issued at Brisbane last week dissolving Parliament, andcalliug anew Parliament together on 12th Jane. The writs were also issued for the new elections. The Imperial authorities have agreed that Sir Evelyn Wood shall visit Australia and report upon the defences of the colonies if the latter will guarantee the necessary expense?". The New South Wales Government diclinea to enter into any arrangement with the other Australian colonies with regard to bringing out an Imperial officer to inspect the defence forces of the colony. A marble bust, by Signor Simonetti, of Mr. Alexander Munro, of Singleton, has arrived at that town. The bust is the outcome of public subscription, testifying to Mr. Munro's worth as a townsman. The dead body of a male child was found enclosed in an empty chaff bag, off Knoretreet, Sydney. The dead body o( a newlyborn female child was discovered at Rand wick, lying clo3e to the tram line. Mr. Hugh Walker, the contractor, is now down ever 252ft. with the new air shaft of the Wickham and Bullock Island colliery. A fine seam of coal has been reached. Already it is found to be 17ft. 6in. thick. In the Legislative Assembly last week Sir Henry Parkes made an important statement with referenca to the Chinese question, and the motion standing in the name of Mr. Thompson on the sabject was withdrawn. The Australian Mortgage Land and Finance Agency Company, Limited, has declared a dividend of 10 per cent, for tbe half-year. It has been decided to issue £100,000 worth of three per cent, debentures. An amusing incident occurred at the recent Gnndagai race-meeting. A blackfellow was offered 5s. to kiss the editor of the local newspaper, and, to the great amusement of the spectators, won the money. It is understood in mining circles that the proprietors have of late been buyiug-in heavily on their own account in connection with several mines on the Barrier Ranges and in the Webb's (New Eagland) district. Mr. Henniker Heaton, M.P. for Canterbury, has proceeded to Paris with the view of inducing the French postal authorities to carry letters to and from Australia at 25 centimes per letter, and postcards at 10 centimes. Mr. Tennyson Smith, sub-editor of the Brisbane Tdegraph, was, on Friday, presented with a gold albert and suitably inscribed locket, by his brother journalists. Mr. Smith intends leaving Brisbane for Melbourne, The Queensland revenue shows an increase of £84,778 for the past quarter, as compared with the same period last year. The revenue for the pint uiue months shows an increase of £309,000 on the corresponding period last year. Sir Henry Parkes thinks that we should assert our right as part of the Empire of Great Britain to be consulted in any exercise of the powers of treaty, and the exercise of the influence of diplomacy, which closely affect our dearest interest. One of the features of the New South Walea Court at the Melbourne Exhibition will be an octagonal conservatory for an elegant display of palms, ferns, and native and other plants. A representation of the Jenolan CaveB is also to be exhibited. Sir Henry Parkes sent a communication to the Victorian Premier, stating that, whilst he agrees with Mr. Gilliea's memorandum in reply to the note of the Chinese Ambassador, he thinks it desirable that each colony should send its own despatch. A gentleman writing from Broken Hill says : —" This is a fearful place ! Twelve thousand people here, no roads, no footpaths, no baths, dust ankle deep, hotel accommodation l>ad, typhoid fever raging, hospital overcrowded, everything dear and bad." The yield of gold on the Croydon field (Queensland) for March was 10,650oz. The output for the quarter was 21,704oz., which, with the yield of last year, makes a total output of 23,172iz. for 15 monthB during which crushing has taken place. Another addition is to be made to the Queensland navy about the end of June. The new craft will be a picket or patrol boat, constructed of wood. Her armament will consist of spar torpedoes and a 2in. machine gun. The cost will be about £5000. The vessel is now in coarse of construction by White, of Cowes. The Minister of Justice will not reinstate Mr. Troughton, who a few days ago so mysteriously disappeared from his duties as clerk of petty sessions at Campbelltown ; but should it be found that his mind is in a sound state, he will probably be given some other position in the Government service. In the matter of the protest entered by the owner of the Triton against the owner of the Buttercup (Sydney Amateur Sailing Clab) for fouling in the race for the vice-commodore's trophy on March 24, the protest has been upheld, and Rosetta now takes first prize, Sea Breeze second, and Xarifa third. The natives of New Britain have been fighting among themselves. The United States consul, who tried to settle the trouble, was attacked by one of the belligerent chiefs, and he and hiB party had a narrow escape. The consul afterwards returned with a stronger force, and the chief was killed in the engagement which ensued. The monthly meeting of the board of directors of the Raudwick Asylum was held last week in the boardroom of tbe institution, Mr. G. Renwick presiding. The financial statement for the month was very satisfactory, as was also the repoit of the honorary medica', officer, which stated that the health of the children was good. The Minister for Mines has just established in connection with the Mines Department an inquiry office, which is intended to supply a long-felt want. Facilities will be afforded in connection with it for obtaining information upon all maters relating to mining. It has been placed under the charge of Mr. Morgan, a competent officer, who has a good knowledge of mining questions. In the Legislative Assembly last week Sir Henry Parkes, in reply to Mr. Dibbs, said tbat all tbe Australian colonies had been invited to send representatives to the Rabbit Conference, and all of them had consented—certainly with one exception, he thought. The conference would meet at as early a date as convenient to the distant colonies. Dr. Wilkinson was one of the representatives of this colony. Sime idea may be gained of tbe great popularity of the floating palaces which the P. O. and Orient companies have lately introduced into their Australian fleet, from the fact that every first- class berth for London on the Ormuz was some weeks ago engaged, and she sailed on April 10 a full ship. So it was with the Britannia and Victoria on their homeward passages since the beginning of the year. The Minister of Justice has not yet been able to have a consultation with Mr. Justice Windeyer on the Mount Rennie cane, but as soon as bis Honor returns from circuit, and will be at liberty lor a few days, a settlement of the question may then be looked for. l'he prisoners—Newman, Hill, and Kegan—are being, we understand, somewhat considerately dealt with, pending the decision of the Minister in their cases. The Preniier has come to the conclusion that the Chinese Government were privy to what had taken place in the Northern Territory, and that very probably it might be the design that considerable numbers of Chinese should form a settlement in some part ol Australian territory remote from European population, where they might become strong enough to form in the course of time a kind of Chinese colony. The appointment of Mr. Bloxsome, formerly private secretary to Governor Loftus, as secretary to tbe Water and Sewerage Board in Sydney, is strongly condemned in the UvU Service. It is felt by many heads in the service tbat there are a large number of UvU servants who could exercise greater ability than Mr. Bloxsome in the discharge of the duties, and with years of faithful service to recommend them. A Forbes telegram says :-" After a p»*- toralate of nearly 15 years over the St. Andrew's Presbyterian Church, the Rev. A. A. Aspinall, having received a call from the Redfern Presbyterian Church, is about to sever his connection with this town as a minister. At a meeting held here on the 26 th, tbe St. Andrew's congregation passed a resolution acquiescing in Mr. Aspinall's translation to the Redfern charge." An effort is shortly to be made to supply Sydney with a " live comic paper." It is to bear the time-honored title guarantee for fun, Punch. The editor will be Mr. Foote, a gentleman well-known in Sydney literary circles. It is to be hope* tbat the Sydney Punch will follow in the lines of its London prototype, and not drain the sewer and exhibit the nauseating dregs in the self-opinionated delu- sion that filth is fun. The Nukualofa correspondent of the Fiji Times writes on March 12 :—" Nothing from Hapai or Vavau for over a month. No news here in Tonga ; everything quiet and business dull. General feeling of satisfaction among British residents that we have a new High Commissioner in Fiji who, thoroughly understanding the situation, will revive British trade aud commerce iu the Western Pacific, and enable us to compete on fair ground with our German friends." The Minister of Justice has done nothing yet with regard to the appointment of another Oriental interpreter. Those who had put in applications were unable to read and write the Asiatic languages, and the person at Lithgow to whom Mr. Clarke subsequently wrote, replied tbat he was in a similar position. However, he at the same time stated that be would be qualified in these respects in less than three months. The matter will consequently be left abeyance for some time to come. An engineer named John Stretton, a resident of Sydney, was drinking at Wallsend with two friends at an hotel on Saturday night, when one man dropped a lighted match upon a small cask of rum, with the result that it ignited. An explosion followed, and all three men were burnt, Stretton very seriously. He was taken to Newcastle Hospital in a very precarious state. Part of the ceiling of the room where the explosion occurred was blown away, and but for prompt assistance a large fire would have ensued. Mr. Smeaton, the editor of the Southern Argus, published in Goulburn, is about to vacate his present position for the purpose of joining the ministry of the Presbyterian Church. Although still a young man, Mr. Smeaton has been a journalist (or 15 years. He began bis press career in Scotland, and he has been connected with several of the leading papers in Victoria. New Zealand, and South Australia. About a couple of yearB ago he waB appointed to the position he now holds, and in it he has given the fullest satisfaction to his employers, and to the constituency of the journal which he edits. A Newcastle correspondent writes :—"A few days ago a man named Philip J. Thorley, aged 36, of Merriwa, disappeared with a girl, Annie Lee, 17 years of age. The parents of the girl took out a warrant for the man's apprehension, and Thorley was arrested at Lambton just as the two were about to be married. The girl had gone to Newcastle to await the arrival ot Thorley and make arrangements for their marriage. She waited some time, but as Thorley did not put in an appearance she returned to Lambton to try and find out the cause of the delay, when she fonnd that Thorley had been arrested. Mr. W. Montague Arnold, Clerk of Records to tbe Legislative Assembly, has been granted 12 months leave of ab*ence, and is about to spend his holiday in making trip to the old country. Mr. Arnold, who is a son of the late Speaker of that name, has been 21 years in the public service, and for 18 years has been an officer ot Parliament. Up to the present time he has never had an extended holiday. Mr. Arnold leaves by the P. and O. Company's steamer Carthage on the 16th inBtant, and during his absence the duties of Clerk of Records will be performed by Mr. Boydell. Mr. Walsh will be Clerk of Committees to the Assembly, a position which has been filled by Mr. Arnold for upwards of two years. Mining matters at Tuena have received a great impetus during the last few days. Both the South Costigan and the CoBtigan Cordillera companies have struck good lodes. Mount Costigan is still opening well, and rich ore is now being stoped, the lode being very wide. At the Cordillera they are getting pplendid ore, and will start emelting almost directly. The North and South Cordillera Company has also found the lode. Two more banks are opening at Mount CoBtigan, and the population is rapidly increasing. Town allotments are selling at £150 per acre. The Costigan Cordillera Company will soon start erecting smelters, so as to be ready when the tnnnel is finished. A married woman named Alice Collision, a resident of Castle Hill, near Sydney, left her home one morning last week lor tbe purpose of visiting a friend named Mrs. Bennett, who lived some distance off, and who was ill She was accompanied by two children, 4 and 6 years old respectively. She proceeded through the bush, which is Very denBe in that neighbourhood, and lost her way entirely. She was out during the whole of one night; but next morning she fortunately made a neighbour's house. She was taken home, arriving there at 6 p;m. The mounted police were out searching till 11 o'clock p.m., when they heard the woman had been found. Mrs. Colliston and f'.cr liitie ones are now none the worse for ibeir adventure. Some doubt appears to have arisen as to tbe meaning of the word " driftway," used by a deputation from Pennant Hills and the Field of Mars, which recently waited upon the Minister for Lands with reference to an alleged right to certain property which had been claimed by the Crown. The meaning of "a driftway" was formerly accepted in England as a common way for driving cattle to' or from water, or for removing them from one estate to another, and it is doubtful if such a driftway could be regarded as a public thoroughfare Probably during the earlier period ot settlement in this colony the term had similar signification, but ot late it has been applied to public stock routes and to dried up watercourses. A madman in a railway train caused some excitement on Good Friday. The day train leaving Newcastle took in a railway nawy at Peat's Ferry, and before reaching Sydney he made frequent attempts to leap out of the carriage. Half-a- dozen men struggled hard to restrain him, and he became violent. On entering the tunnels, as if determined to escape in the darkness, he pulled a razor from his pocket, but it was seized and thrown away for safety. Women screamed at each fresh straggle, and some fainted. The madman was at length put in the guard's van, and held down. He became quieter on nearing Sydney, and all iarties were so glad to get rid of him that they iet him go instead of giving him into custody. He seemed to have been drinking. A Dubbo correspondent writes :—" The mining mania is showing slightly in Dubbo, but we have not got it in so solid a form as Nyngan, Wellington, or Orange, because in either of tbe last-named towns if a man picks up a stone to throw at a dog, and by chance should happen to expectorate upon it, he is soon beset by a crowd of fellows, and closely questioned, ' What have you got ?' ' Where did it come from Y ' Come and have a wine ' How many's in it ?' ' Is it gold or silver, Ironbarks, or Bulga V and so forth. There is a report that a very valuable find of petroleum has been dropped upon near here. A good copper mine will shortly open near Wellington, as after many days and years waiting a lease has been granted for working for copper on the Wellington common." A desperate fight with pickpockets occurred at the Redfern railway station last Friday night. Mr. Charles M. Marsh, accompanied by Mr. E. Cohen, was seeing some friends off by train, when one Albert Bush, described as a commercial traveller, abstracted from Marsh's pocket a book containing scrip valued at £250, and passed it on to another man named John Williams, who is described as a bookmaker. Both men tried to make off, but Cohen barred the way. He was throttled, and badly kicked in the abdomen by Williams, who is a powerful man, and it was only after a desperate fight, in which a constable had a finger broken and others who assisted were roughly handled, tbat Bush and Williams were lodged in the lockup. The prisoners were next morning committed for trial. Bush is well-known to the police. In connection with a serious charge made by a young lady against a police constable, who grossly insulted her while accompanying her through Belmore Park, Sydney, on the night of the 27th ult., Mr. Read, the acting Inspector-General of Police, caused a searching inquiry to be made. The constable's name is Loughnan, and he belonged to No. 3 station. It appears that on the night in question he was reported for being intoxicated, which, no doubt, accounts for his behavior. He had only been a fortnight in the service. He has been dismissed from the force. The very short stay he had in the force does.not reflect much credit on the persons on whose recommendation he obtained admission, neither does it show good choice on the part of the officials with whom the business of judging a man's goods qualities, &c.;, is entrusted. A Royal Gazette (says the Fiji Timet of March 28) contains the notification of the following appointments:—The Hon. William M'Gregor, M.D., &c.;, C.M.G., to be Secretary for Native Affairs while holding the position of Acting Colonial Secretary; the Hon. Horace Gilbert Caton Em hereon, Esq., to be Agent-General for Immigration while holding the position of Acting Receiver General; both appointments to date from 10th March, 1888. Francis Richard Salisbury Baxendale, E«q.( is also appointed to be a European officer ot the Armed Native Constabulary. Pending the arrival of her Majesty's exequator, his Excellency the Governor has been pleased to provisionally recognise the appointment of A. Pelldram, Esq., as German Consul-General in Sydney, for Australia, Tasmania, NewZealand, and the Fiji Islands. The Colonial Treasurer m«de a statement in the Legislative Assembly last week with reference to the revenue and expenditure for the quarter. Comparing the revenge for the quarter just ended with that for the corresponding quarter of 1887, it showed decreases in the Customs Department amounting in round numbers to £118,000 againBt increases of £36,000. The receipts on account of pastoral showed a decrease of £50,000, and for occupation licenses £10,000. The land revenue showed an aggregate Increase of £42,000. This included an increase of £19,000 from auction sales, £5000 from deposits on conditional purchases, and £15,000 from balances on conditional purchases. The actual receipts for the quarter showed a decrease of £46,000 when compared with the first quarter of 1887. The total expenditure for the q uarter amounted to £2,366,000, which included £100,000 on account of the Treasurer's advance vote, and £36,807 for loan services. Mr. William Henry Walsh, M.L.C. of Queensland, while walking into Brisbane a few evenings since, from his residence, near Bulimba, was knocked down by a parcels delivery van, and fatally injured. Medical aid was at once procured, but he never regained consciousness, and died next morning. Mr. Walsh was a very old colonist, and for a long time took a prominent part in politics. He arrived in Sydney in 1844, and was for three years on a sheep station near Bsfthurst. In 1847 he look up a station for Mr. Perrier on the M'lntyre River, and then another on the Burnett, and for many years was engaged in squatting pursuits in the Burnett district. In 1859 he was returned to the New South Wales Parliament. He became a member of the Queensland Parliament in 1865, and he occupied a seat in the Assembly for a number of years. He was elected Speaker in 1874, and was Minister of Works in the Palmer Ministry from 1870 to 1873. In 1879 he was appointed to a seat in the Legislative Council. An incident bordering on the marvellous comes to us irom Boomahnoomoonah, and we are inclined to ask, does chance regulate all our ways? On Thursday week, during the gale that was blowing, Mr. G. Abbott and hit brothers were busy unloading a dray-load ot oats at their barn, and pressed all available help into the service to get the work done as quickly as possible. When the last bag was safely stowed away, the party proceeded homewards, and had just drawn away from the barn when an enormous tree, with no evidence ot unsoundness, fell, its massive limbs striking on and around the spot just vacated some 15 seconds before by the workers. Had the tree fallen half a minute sooner a terrible tale would have been told, (for the timbers were exceptionally thick, and no possibility of escape from death or shocking mutilation would have presented itself. A great shock at the terrible danger they had barely averted was natnrally experienced by those concerned in the adventure. During the recent visit of the Hon. John Sutherland to the west he inspected, inter alia, a country gaol. In the course of his peregrinations he came suddenly into the gaol hospital. Now, his visit being totally unexpected, the HOD. John came upon the only inmate, a stalwart constable, 6ft. high and 48in. round the chest, busily engaged in placing himself outside 31b. of Irish stew, it being dinner time. "And what are you in for, my man?" said honest John. Bobby dropped the platter, Btood up to attention, and aaluted. At this critical moment the gaoler rushed in and explained matters. " I thought he looked too healthy to be in hospital," quoth the Hon. John. The muchlyaggrieved constable is an anti-Government now, " Bedad, couldn't he see by my face I wasn't a pris'ner!" said he afterwards. " Does he think no man honest but himself!" And the bobby sadly wiped the froth from off biB ruddy beard. Thus the canse of protection advances in the far west. The case of Sub-inspector Bell against George Adams for allowing his premises to be used for Tattersall's consultation sweeps was again called in the summons division of the (Antral Police Court, Sydney, on Friday. Mr. Roberts appeared for Mr. Adams, and Mr. Wallace for the police. It was stated by Mr. Roberts that as it was the intention of defendant to petition the Supreme Court for leave to appeal to the Privy Council againBt the decision of the Supreme Court which upheld the judgment of Mr. W. Johnson, S.M., who fined defendant £25 and costs, the defendant applied for a postponement until May 8. The petition, he said, would be heard on April 30, by the Supreme Court in Baoco. The petition states that the judgment of the Supreme Court involves directly or indirectly a question respecting property and a civil right amounting to, and of the value of, £500, and the petitioner was desirous of appealing from the judgment to Her Majesty's Privy Council. Mr. Delohery remanded the case until May 8 accordingly. Last week Sir William Manniog introduced into the Legislative Council a bill " to amend and consolidate the law relating to probates and letters of administration, and to the succession of real estate in cases of intestacy, and for the prevention and management of the estates of deceased persons." The object of the measures comprises many reforms, and proposes to do away with the name of the Ecclesiastical Court and to adopt the English statutes. The bill was prepared at Sir William Manning's instance, as Probate Jndge, by two able counsels, under his careful supervision, with the authority and at the expenses of the Government about two years ago. At that time Sir William Manning had no expectation of taking part in the consideration of the bill by Parliament, and he only considered It judicially. Delay having occurred on the part of the Government in bringing the measure forward, through the presence of other Parliamentary work, it was lately suggested that Sir William Manning should take the matter In hand, now that he had accepted a Beat in the Legislative Council. The Minister for Mines is much surprised at the alleged rowdyism reported to have occurred at the Jenolan Caves, and haB called upon Mr. Wilson, who is in charge of the caves, for a report upon the matter. Mr. Abigail seems inclined to think that the affair has been exaggerated, but if the allegations are substantiated, we understand that the Minister will take steps to render a recurrence of such conduct quite impossible. Mr. Abigail declares that the arrangements in connection with the comfort of tourists at the caves appeared to be in excellent order during his recent visit, and furthermore, that Mr. Wilson appeared to be very vigilant in the performance of his duties. The Minister, however, feels that the comfort of tourists is, of course, a matter of great importance at the caves, and expresses himself anxious to have all causes for dissatisfaction at once reported to the defn connection with the caves, it may be in- artment, to be investigated and dealt with, teresting to many to learn that the Inspector oi Forests has left Sydney for the Fish River district for the purpose of designing a plantation between the caves and the house. Lizzie Kellett, a girl of 14, who looked as if she didn't want to die very particularly, was charged at the Central Police Court, Sydney, last week, with having attempted to leave the world prematurely. Dr. Gwynne Hughes said he examined accused, who was admitted to Sydney Hospital about 11.20 p.m. on March 28 last. She was very drowsy, and did not answer any questions put to her. He applied the stomach pump. The contents of her stomach showed traces of compound liniment of camphor, some of which was in a small bottle , handed to him at the time. Detective Glanville arreBted accused on the 30th ultimo. In answer to the charge, she replied that she did not remember taking anything. Mrs. Richards, sister of the defendant, said she resided at 16, Fitzroy- street. On the 28th ultimo, accused went into the back yard, where witness shortly afterwards followed, and saw her sitting on a stone. She seemed to be suffering. She told witness that she had taken something out of a gingerbeer bottle, under the impression that it was gi ngerbeer. The mother of accused gave evidence that there was nothing to cause her to commit suicide. The magistrate discharged defendant. The Penrith burglars faced Mr. Cleve, P.M., a few days since. The girl is about 18 years of age, was ill-dressed, and behaved very vulgarly. The men are quite young. Detective Hines conducted the case, and the prisoners were undefended. Mr. Morgan, the owner of the goods stolen, identified the mass of jewellery found on the prisoners. The property recovered was valued by him at £600, and he estimated the value of the goods stolen at £1500. The prisoners appeared to look on the case as one for great fun. When asked if they would ask any questions, the girl remarked, " No; I am not on." Another prisoner remarked, "What's the use when you're got men ready to fit us ?" These remarks seemed to greatly please the prisoners, who laughed the whole time. The police deserve great credit for the conclusive case they have worked up. They produced some pawnbrokers, who identified the prisoners. The keeper of the house proved they did not sleep at his bouse on the night of the robbery, and he found jewellery in their rooms when they came back. One of themwaB seen taking the goods away by the mail train to Sydney on the morning of the burglary. They were committed for trial at Parramatta on May 4. Bail was applied for, but refused. The Wellington correspondent of the New Zealand Herald, relates that Mr. Foxward, the Danish Consul, who resides in Wellington, bas had an interview with the Minister of Lands upon the condition of those burnt-out settlers at Norsewood, who are all Scandinavians. The same gentleman has published a description of the present situation of this unfortunate township. He mentions a really heroic act of the Danish clergyman. He says : " Forty buildings have been destroyed, and 20 families and 50 children are homeless and penniless. One painful incident was brought under my notice, but it was brightened by the self-sacrificing act of Mr. Rees, the Danish clergyman in the district. A settler's wile, the mother of eight children, was on the eve of her confinement. In the absence of her husband, she had gone to bed and was unable to move. Mr. Rees, who was digging a bole to bury his valuable library of books, almost his sole possession, left his house and his wife, and lifting the woman into his buggy, drove some miles away through the dense smoke to a comparatively safe place. The mother gave birth to a still-born child. On his return he found his own home burned to the ground, with all his belongings, including all his cherished volumes, but he saved the woman's iife. So dense was the smoke and intense the heat, that many were temporarily blinded, and people had to take refuge in the ditcheB, lying face downwards in order to be able to breathe." One of the severest storms that "have been experienced for years swept over the city of Wellington on March 28 (states the New Zealand Herald), accompanied be a tidal wave, which rose in the harbour to within 18in. of the breastwork. The storm caused "very heavy damage in town, and the Government railway line between Kaiwarra and Petone is so far damaged that it is anticipated a large part will have to be reconstructed. The high sea running up the channel from the headB directed the waves against the railway line along the Petone beach, and, besides damage to the railway line, carried away several boatsheds in Oriental Bay, just opposite the wharfs, tore down the Te Aro baths, and drove ashore I several yachts. The freezing hulk Jubilee, lying off Petone wharf, parted her moorings and was driven against the wharf with 6000 carcases of meat aboard, but it is not thought any serious damage has been sustained. Iron roofs, windows, and chimneys aho came in for attention, and several small buildings were wrecked. The gale caused serious interruptions to telegraph wires, and Well'ngton has been practically isolated from communication with all other parts of the colony. During the storm the water rose 40ft. higher than has been known before at the pilot station. It was also very high all around the neighbouring coast. At Christchurch there was the highest tide ever remembered at Summer and New Brighton. The houses at the latter place had the foundation piles wased away. No lives were lost, and not much property was damaged. The Brisbane Courier states that a courtmartial was held at Lytlon encampment to inquire into the charge preferred against Private Hulse, of E Company, Moreton Regiment, of having struck his superior officer, Corporal Edwin Barter. Lieutenant-Colonel Adams, A.Q.M.G., presided. The prisoner conducted his own case. The court-martial was held in the Brigade Major's office, and the prisoner was escorted thither by a corporal and guard from the Moreton Regiment, divested of his belt and all accoutrements. The evidence of Corporal Barter was to the effect that he and the prisoner had quarrelled over the result of a shooting match some six months ago. The prisoner had revived the question on the previous Wednesday about dinner time, both men being in the same tent. High words ensued, and prisoner challenged the corporal-to come outside and fight. The corporal refused, and then the prisoner came to where he was lying and struck him three times in the face. At the commencement of the proceedings the prisoner objected to the corporal taking the oath, on the ground that he was an atheist. Barter was allowed to give bis evidence, but later on the prisoner, in cross-examination, aeked him whether he believed in the Bible. The prosecutor objected to the question, but the Court overruled the-objection, and finally Barter had to admit that he was a Freethinker and did not believe in the Book upon which he had taken oath. The rest of the evidence taken did not throw any light upon the alleged assault, and the court finally acquitted the prisoner. "A Visitor from England" writes as follows :—" At the beginning of the present week, my wife, I, and two gentlemen paid a visit to the far-famed Caves of Jenolan, being strongly urged to do so by friends in Sydney. Of the drive from Mount Victoria, and of the Caves themselves, I should find it difficult sufficiently to express my admiration. My object, however, in writing to you is to express my deep regret that so wonderful a place should be allowed, even occasionally, to become a gathering- place for noisy rowdies, and that no order whatever should be preserved either in the Inn or the Caves. During our two days' stay, a large party of ill- behaved people from Bathurst were present, whose conduct went far to destroy any enjoyment derived from the visit. One man of the party seemed to act as ringleader in a rough horseplay, and distinguished himself while we were going through the Imperial Caves by bawling blasphemous parodies of Sankey and Moody's hymns. During the evening the same person, with the hangers-on of the IOD, under-guides, and others, kept up such shouting and noise till after midnight as to render any rest to travellers thoroughly tired utterly impossible. But this was but the beginning of annoyance. When the other inhabitants ot the Inn were in iheir bedrooms, these persons began violently to ring a large bell outside the Iun door, used for Summoning guests to meals, and this went on at intervals, without let or hindrance, for more than an hour. When ibis was over, the bell was taken down and tied round the neck of a cow, which was driven behind the Inn, close under the main line of bedrooms and so for the remainder of the night a loud jangling was kept up, and sleep effectually banished." Since the opening of the railway to Cowra there have been two narrow escapes from accident in consequence of obstructions placed on the line near Youug.v It will be remembered (says the Burrangong Chronicle) that on the first day ot running, when Mr. Fishburn kindly took A large party of friends to Cowra to the hospital demonstration, some excitement was caused on the return journey, when near the Burrangong claim, by the engine running over some small blocks of wood. Fortunately, the train was going at a slow pace, and therefore the driver was enabled to pull up before it had proceeded many yards. On Mr. Fishburn and some of his employes making an examination, the evidences of obstruction were most distinct. The police made every inquiry, and although little doubt remained that the obstructions were placed there by the children of an Indian woman named Bell, who resides within a tew yards of the spot, there was nothing conr elusive. More recently a second danger was escaped. Lirge boulders were rolled down the embankment, and were observed by the engine- driver in dangerous proximity to the rails, and little doubt exists that the offenders were children of the same family. The police magistrate, in dealing with a charge of turkeystealing a few days ago, referred to this matter, and also mentioned the kindness ot residents of the town, who, on the death of the accused's husband, subscribed a sum of money to assist her, and further said that on the Government resuming a email portion of the allotment for railway purposes, on which the accused resides he exerted himself with the authorities, and obtained for her the sum of £15, nominally as compensation, but really, anticipating either danger to the children or from their ignorance to the travelling public, to secure her removal to a site more remote from the line. The money was given on a most distinct promise that she would remove; but no sooner did she pet it than she refused to carry out the conditions and remains in occupation to this date. 