POSSIBLE "CONVERTS" TO ROME--PRINCE AND PRINCESS CHRISTIAN AND THEIR FAMILY (Seo lotterpreBB on thia page.) '' '. - . , Prince and Princess Christian. (See portraits on this page.) Prince Frederick Christian CharleB Augnatus is a younger Bon of the late Duke Christian Charles Frederick Augustus of SohleBwig-HolBtein (who peded his duoby to Denmark), and brother of the late Prince Fraderiok Christian August, the eldest eon. whose olaimn to MIA anxravainnt-n ~e 4/u-i. A_i_ BOD i wnose oiaims to ino sovereignty of that duchy aa against the Kin? of Denmark were made the pretext of the Sohleswig-Holstein war. Prinoo Christian, QB the younger son is usually called, was horn on January 22, 1831 ; his mother being Louisa Sophia, Countess of Danieskiold-Samsoe, a Danish lady, married in 1820 to tho Dake of Sohleswig-Holstein. The fall namo of tho paternal family is Sohloawig-Hol Btein-Sonderburg-Augustenburg ; and its lineage ia collateral with that of the reigning families of Denmark and Russia. From this it will ba seen ho is a oonneotion of tho present Emperor of Germany, and of Count Von Waldersee. Prince Christian has hold a commission in tho Prussian army, but is now a general in the British army. Ho received the title of Royal Highness by command of the Queen, and was made a Knight of the Garter in July, 1866. In May, 1874, ho reoeived the Order of St. Catherine from tho Emperor of Russia. He is paid ¿26000 a year, charged to the Consolidated Fund, like the other sums paid to members of the royal family. PrinoesB Helena Augusta Viotoria, now Princess Christian, is the fifth ohild of the Queen and Prinoo Albert. She was born on May 25,1816, and was a great source of consolation to her Majesty at the I time of her widowhood. Upon the occasion of her I mn.vfnn.cvA a. rianntntîûn nf Indian rnnraannfincr " mfinv daughters of the United Kingdom," waited on her to present her with a Bible and an address, Bubsori ed for by 7786 ladies. The Prinoess.Sn aaoepting the Rifts, replied as follows : " Accept my warmest thanks for TOOT beautiful present. It is most beautiful to me in itself ; but it is rendered still more BO by the kind words with whioh you have aooompanied it, and by the proof thus given that yon, daughters, like myself, of our dear Eng land, oan approoiate the feel ings whioh bind me to my native land and my beloved mother, and can sympathise with the joy whion filia my heart to think that it will still be my happiness to live among yon." She has given four obüdren to Prinoe Chris tian : Christian Yiotor, born April 14, 1867; Albert John, born February 26, 1869 ; Victoria Louise, born May 3, 1870 ; Louisa Augusta, born August 12,1872, and died on May 20,1876. A third son, Harold, was born on May 12. Aooording to an Irish Catholic paper, the Prinoess Helenais to be reoeivod shortly into the Romish Churoh ; and the oeremony is to bean ordinary one, private, not publid, in oharaoter. A cablegram re oeived subsequently to the one whioh gave this informa tion said that tho "rumor" as to the oonversion origin ated from its becoming hnown that tho Princess had lately been conferring with tho Rev. Father Cyril Forster, the priest in charge of S.S. Peter and Edward's Roman Catholic Churoh, be longing to the Oblate Fathers of St. Charles, and situated in PalaoO'Btreet, near Buck ingham Palace. Father For ster, who has boen invited to say whether it is true that the FrinooBS has embraced the Roman Oatholio faith, has replied in what is des cribed aa an evasive manner that " tho PrinoosB is not a Catholic." Should tho Prinooas Helena become a "convert" to the Roman Oatholio ouït, ßho .will forfeit her title to BUOooBeion to tho orown, though her I ohànoea of auooession are aomewhat remoto, looking j at the many Uvea between ber and tho throne. I INTERESTING DISCOVERIES IN SPAIN.-Ec cent explorations in Spain by two Belgian BoiontiBtB have resulted in some interesting discoveries. EelioB of a ! prehistoric raoo havo been found in groat abundance, ranging from tho stono ago to that of bronze aha metals. Thoso pooplo buried their dead not only in stone gravos or collo, but also in great jars of bur nod oloy, accompanied by piooos of pottory and othor artiolos of UBO and value This form of jar burial is vory widespread; and oxamples havo boon found from Japan to Porn. Those relics aro aup posed to bolong to that anoiont raoo which livod in Europe proviously to tho Aryan immigration, tho varionB branohee of whioh aro known as Iberians, Pelangian, LigarianB, &o.;, according to tho country in which thoy livod. Sovoral okoletono woro found adornod with Bilvor and gold ornaments. Ono of tho moot romarkablo relics is a fomalo eknll onoiroled by a band of oilvor, to whioh is attaohod a thin plato of tho samo motal. If you would bo woll with a groat mind, loavo him with a favorablo improseion of you ; if with a littJo mind, loavo him with a favorablo opinion of himso'lf. -Coloridgo. . Knowledge is valuable in proportion as it JB pro lific ; in proportion aa it quiokens tho mind to th* acquisition of higher truth. 