VAGARIES OF THE AUSTRALIAN NATIVES' ASSOCIATION. ' If the mission of Mr Purves,. Q.Q., to Sydney, on a recent occasion, as presi dent and mouthpiece of the Australian Natives' Association, was not by any Cleans the succeps it was expected to be, it might be mercifully supposed that its partial failure was due to the fact that the movement had originated in "Victoria. That some such feeling of jealousy exists in the sister colony there is no longer any room to doubt, and, unhappily, it is Countenanced and encouraged by some of its leading statesmen, notably by the Premier, Sir Henry Parkes, himself. Ta them nothing that emanates from this colony can possibly have any good in its inteution or its results, but must have been conceived in envy, born of unworthy motives, and have for its only object the " gaining a point" on its elder sister. Bat, if this pretty local Sentiment had anything to do with the half-hearted manner in which the mission Of Vonng Australia and its apostle were received in the metropolis of New South Wales, they seem to have recommended themselves to a few of the new genera tion across the Border, for the very reasons which will condemn their new departure in Imperial politics, amongst all those loyal and moderate people in Anstralia who are still proud to call themselves British subjects. We had, indeed, been under the impression that 11 n f-t s>-r\ Vi n /3 f ni ifro mom ftlviepf: fcHO ttHbUUlttWUH uou lui iw UUJU the binding together as one dominion the -future Australia, so as to absorb all political parties, all social classes, and all creeds, but certainly without reference to our Imperial relations. In fact, we had always taken Mr Purves himself to be a patriot amongst patriots, in. the largest and fullest sense of that word, a man who would fight for and under the old flag, while he could lift a hand, and who looked forward to the period when this Continent would be, in the course of -time and nature, the larger half of the British Empire. Judge, then, of oar Burprise to find our only Queen's Coun cil announcing, as part of the programme of the association over which 1m presides, not-only the probability of a total sepa ration from the mother country, but of he inevitableness, and even the advisa bility, of that severance. The idea was thrown out, in, perhaps, a tentative, but certainly an unmistakable manner, at the commemoration banquet held in Melbourne last week. And," if Mr Porves was merely what the lawyers -call " fishing for evidence" as to the sentiments of those present in this -matter, he unquestionably hooked a fish Gf very unexpected appearance and pro portions, which is likely to prove a very Frankenstein to him who unwittingly landed it. HiB suggestions, besides being applauded with enthusiasm, so worked -apon the hitherto latent susceptibilities Of some of his audience, that they refused to - drink . the health of "The Queen." Now, although this may have been to -some extent n .mere post- prandial "declaration of in dependence," which might have been iitfciDgly accompanied by musical honors to the -refrain of " For Britons never, never, never will be slaves," still it conld not have been entirely the inspira tion of the moment, or of the cham pagne. There is something in the old adages, that " where there is smoke there is fire," and " a straw shows how the wiod blows." The incident is any way, sufficiently significant to compel us to demand frem the president of so pre tentions an association what he realty meant by his utterances on that occasion, aDd, from the association itself, whether cutting the painter" is, or is intended to be, one of the planks in the platform Of that body. Mr Purves, although a man not likely to badge an inch in the way 3f retreat— although we have seen him, wben overmastered, make a highly judicious movement to the rear in doub.'e- uick time — may shelter himself under the Bubterfuge that be was only dealing with remote possibilities. But, if lie has read the history of the firsv. French Revolution as closi-ly as he seems to have followed the events of tbe second, be would have known that those who Bow the wind of revolutions reap the whirlwind, ani ifai'.fc every man who helped to bring abont tho former- cata clysm — from MirabeaU lo robespierre —was either lost behind it, stranded, or WRS mercilessly swept awav on its waves. \- At all events, Mr Purves aud his yon lb ful friends who are a prey l;o aspirations after " Liberty " — wa wonder what description of liberty an Australian, whether born or -adopted, can really imagine ho wants— have done ns this good' service, that they have ma le it imperative on their brother members, and on the association as a whole, . to declare openly that they do- not believe, in the doctrine of separation, or by their silence allow us to know that they accept it as one of their articles of commnoion. .... ACCIDENT at Moyhu.— On . Wednesday John Lewis, son of Mr John Liwis, of Moyhu, met " with an accident. While riding one horse and leading another, the animal on which he was mounted bolted and ran up against a tree, against which, the rider waa.foici-d and t.heq£tnj?qwn,. sustaining severe injuries. lna of the same diiy Jte. -'.rrived 10--, Wau- \- watta and was attended: by.-Dr Cullman, under VllflJS ?Hre Re- WW is progressing favorably. . . . Death of Mr David Flynn. — -wq regret to have to announce that one of our oldest identities, Mr David Flynn, passed away at his residence, at Yackandandah, on Wednesday morning. Th® de0®afuff gentleman had for many years been Da of the County Court and Court of Mines, shire poundkeeper and inspector Oi D - sauces, and was well and deservedly I respected. He was a native of Cork, and was for some time in the Irish cons a u ary , which office he resigned, and was appointed tUrt "Hntennatrick Workhouse, a lUclSbBi. VIA. LAAC . TT position he held for some years He came to the colony in 18o2, and was -.or some time in business in Yackandandah, which he relinquished to take employment under the shire. Born in 1809, lie was ,9 years old at liis demise, which occurred from senility. Although in fairly good health, those more prominently brought into contact with him had noticed that his memory was beginning to fail him, al though he was always courteous and genial to the last, dying in harness and without a single enemy. The funeral take3 place at llo'clock on Friday morning, Mr John Hall, of Yackandandah, being the under taker. Mr Nimmo at Wangaratta. — The Hon. John Nitntno, Commissioner of Public Works, will deliver his lecture on the poet Burns in St. George's Hall, Wangar- atta, this (Thursday) evening, in aid of the funds of the local hospital, xuo mm. gentleman having established his reputa tion as a lecturer upon the life and poetry of Scotia's favorite bard, we may confi dently anticipate a crowded hall. The Beechworth Assizes. — His Honor Mr Justice Webb will preside at the Beechworth Court of Assize on the 21st inst. Mining at Ghiltern.— Messrs Scott and Simmonds report another crushing from their claim on the Banner Beef Chiltern, of 28 tons of quartz, which yielded JoOoz. of retorted gold. They also crushed a quantity of mullock, or sre'Rid, which gave lodwt. to the load. Case of Cattle Poisoning.— A case of supposed cattle poisoning took place on Tuesday in the parish of Tarranginnie, near Nhill. A selector named Camp drove 20 bullocks to water at a well trough, where he usually watered them. Many drank the water, but others refused, and all those drinking the water showed signs of arsenical poioning. Five died shortly after, and 12 more were seriously affected. It is supposed that arsenic had been placed in the water by some malicious person. In addition to '.the cattle, a valuable mare drank from the trough, and died within six hours. Narrow Escape from Wild Cattle. — A lad named Stewart, while driving a mnL nf nnf.flA near TnplfiWOod Oil Tuesday evening, had a narrow escape from death. One of the animals charged liis horse, and sore its body open. It died within a few minutes. The lad escaped by getting behind a fence, where he remained till "help was given him. Myktleford Market. — Mr T. A. Knaggs reports (Tuesday, 1st May) ; 46 fat cattle entered. I sold 30 head— cows, to £6 33 od, heifers £4 10s, bullocks £5 8s6d, £5 I7s to £6, two-year-old steers £3 ; 93 .sheep, 53 at 9s and 3d, 25 at 9s, 15 atSs 9d. I sold for Messrs J. W. McKillop, J. Steel, W. Steel, Dederang, Billsborrow, McCarley, McGavin and Mrs Collins ; also one horse. The cattle unsold were turned out owing to owners' reserves baiug too high. The Women's Jubilee Offering. — £84,116 is the total amount of the Women's Jubilee Offering, and of this sum £10,000 is to be spent on a statue of the Prince Consort, to be erected in Windsor Great Park. Attempt to Burn a State-school. —At the Coilingwood Police Court on Tuesday a small boy named John Henry Kay was charged with unlawfully and mahciously attempting t:> set lire to a State- school. The first witness called was John Spring, head teacher of No. 1360 State-school, Cliftcn Hill." He stated that he knew the boy, who was a pupil of his. About midday on Monday, witness was surprised at seeing the chil dren from the second storoy tumbling downstairs. The children seemed alarmed and excited. He first supposed that a drunkeu man had entered the room and had created a Dinic. He ran UDRtairs and 1 saw fire and smoke issuing from the floor, close to the wall of the building. He immedis.cely ran to procure some water, but when he returned the flames had ' been extinguished by some of the teachers. The children belonging to the room were fortunately -uninjured in their rapid descent. After the excitement had sub sided witness instituted inquiries as to the cause of the fire. The accused denied that he had thrown a lighted match itlto a crevice between the floor and the wall. Shortly afterwards another boy was placing some exercise-hooks away in a cup board and .found a box of sulphur matche3. Subsequently the accused ad- nutted his guilt.- Was certain that paper must have been t'sed to enable the flames to got such a hold. He did not desire to have the boy puni.thed by the Bench, but wished him handed over to a relative, who should administer a sound thrashing. An uncle of the accu sed, named Symonds, appeared in court ai.td said the accused seemed to be of very" quiet disposition. He promised that lie would give him a thrashing. In reply to the chairman of the Bench, the accused promised that he would not offend again, and he was dis charged. A Fishing Experience.. — One of our :IocaL votaries of the rod on -Saturday last pneerwent an experience whnch, although taken in its serious aspect by ilimeelf, pro- Vided|Enoounded merriment a ud unlimited material for " chaff" amongst his friends, reports the Albury " Ji onssr Boat. a tie nirt-y had engaged a cab to tak.s them to Haw ksvieiVj fcn t not being satisfied with the vehicle, which for stability .thoroughly harmonised with the decrepnj-loOkin s'i> nial between the shafts, decider? tea ob-caiu another, which they did, and forthwith transferred themselves and their Jf«hinrr tackle into a more imposing lOO.-hioff " chay." Tne fishing-ground was rea."Aefj without incident, but shortly after am'?" ihe fishing-bag, containing all the: tack V and bait belonging to our friend, could noi" bs found, ft is not here necessary, nor would be comforming with the ethics: of journalism, to state the particular vocabu lary from which the language yused was .seleoted, and suffice it that it was decidedly more emphatic than polite. .- The others of the party, who were fully provisioned and. equipped, offered .consolation, but our friend was.beyond that, and, tain.-g m the. situation in a mora practical manner, he. paid' "the- cabman haltei-suverign to rule, into Albury ana obtain the bag -which -it was'supposec,- had been -left in "the first cab- The day - woro on aud 111 ricll tiilte arrived, and on going, back- to the catnp, one of the party fonud the 1111331112 bag, I which had bi>6u4aken out of- the cab and placed on a tussock of grass, where ft was. partly hidden. : Shortly afterward the, cabman whn"VJiad": riddem JJarefiack into. Albury,. refcurnedsto'stata that he could not find- the bag., -.Tberest is easily imagined. - - Cattle- stealing. — The " Benalla Stan dard" ha3 received information that Thomas Jones, of Corowa, who is charged with stealing : cattle from Mrs Mull, of El Dorado, about June last yeai, aud who escaped into New Sontli Wales, has new been arrested at Junee, and will be brought up to answer three charges of a similar nature in the course of a few days at El Dorado. The .case is in the hands of Servant Steele, of Wangaratta. Our readers will reifiember that J ones s son, a young lad or sevens- brought before the El Dorado Court at the time and remanded repeatedly, pending his father's arrest, but as such a length 01 time elapsed and as nothing could be heard of him, it was decided not to go on with the case, and the boy was discharged, 011 the ground that he wa3 acting under compulsion. Accused wa3 brought before Mr Jas. Ingram, J.P , at the Beechworth Police Court oh Wednesday last, and re manded to appear at El Dorado on Thursday, 10th inst. , The Importation of Tines. — South Australia threatens to boycott Yictoria, was the text of a depution which waited upon the Premier on Tuesday, in the absence of the Minister of Agriculture. The deputation, which was from the Rutherglen Yine Growers' Association, accompanied by the Hon. P. Hanua, M.L.C., anil Messrs Hall and Graham, 11 t t a fhsifc fr.tia PrAmier should 11 J « JLii £X. O, u»aCU take steps to at once prohibit the importa tion into Yictoria of vine trees or cuttiugs from New South Wales on account of its being still infected with phylloxera, and stated if this were not done South Aus tralia had threatened to refuse to receive any vines or cuttings from Yictoria. Mr Gill tea promised to give the request early attention, after consulting with Mr Dow. A New Law. — The new Justices of the Peace Statute, which was published in full in the last issue of the " Government Gazette, " catne into force 011 Tuesday. A Hard Case. — An incident occurred at the Fielding races, N.S. W. , which shows how important it 13 that a jockey should understand the rules of racing, parti cularly the rule3 which affect himself. Here won the Forced Handicap ; but she was disqualified on account of her jockey having dismounted before returning to scale to pick up 2s he had dropped on the way. This was clearly an infringement of the rules ; and the stewards had no alter native but to award the race to the second horse, Wanda. The boy's ignorance of racing law doubtless cost Here's owner a considerable sum, not to mention the loss to Rere's backers, who would have been entitled to a dividend of about £23 for every sovereign invested in the totalisator. A Bad Outlook. — Writing of the Mel bourne breadstuff's markets, Tuesday's "Herald" remarks : There is a fair trade demand, the month of May opening with a good all-rouud inquiry for consumption.' Grave apprehensions are felt in the North and North-Eastern districts at the dura tion of the present dry weather. Feed is; scarce, and all hopes of winter grass are' now abandoned. Stock will have to be removed to other districts, and grain feed ing resorted to. Ploughing is all behind, and a late seed time must follow. On the whole the situation is the reverse of satis factory. Our wheat market is depressed, and millers are cautious buyers. Only small sale3 at auction 33, paid for inferior to 3s 41 for good. Flour is quiet, moving off at £7 03 for ordinary brauds of country stone-made to £S 10s upwards for roller. Eeed grains in fair reqnest. At auction Danish oats sold at 2s Sid to 2s 9a, and stoutish at 2s lOd. Barley is stronger. In peas we have sales at Is 9 1. M-»izV un changed. Bran advanced to llid. A Shocking Accident.— A horrible ac cident has occurred at M-»>r6opna. A child two years old, the daughter of a man named Barry, was left by her elder sister for a momeet while she was attending to I other matters. During the sisters absence the little one wandered into an ash Leap in tbe yard, where a fierce fire was burning under the surface. Her cries attracted the attention of her sister, who rushed to her assislance, when it was found that the poor little thing had received injuries of a fearful nature. The flesh was burned off one of the arms, leaving the bone exposed. The nails were completely burned off, and the fingers and legs were also much injured. Medical assistance was called in, but it is yet doubtful if she will recover. Melbourne Sheep Market. — In the above market on Tuesday the supply was again heavy, aud consisted chiefly of me dium to good qualities with a fair propor tion of prime. O wing to the heavy supply, and many of the trade" having sheep in hand, the demand was dull throughout.- Prices for best descriptions ruled about Cd per head lower, while sales of other sorts were difficult to effect at still further reduc tions 111 last week's rates. Prime crossbred wethers realised from 13s to 15s, extra to lCs, good lis 6d to 12s 6d, prime ci-iss-- bred ewes lis to 12s 6d, a few to : 13a; prime merino wethers lis to 13s 6d, good 93 6d to 10s 6d, middling and inferior 6s to 8s 6d. Fat Lambs. — The demand was not so brisk, and prices were a shado easier. Prime sold from 93 Od to lis, extra to 12a ,6d, good S3 6d to 9s, middling 7s to 8s. Messrs Dougharty, Son and Parker sold 99 merino wethers, at 12s, and 99 lambs, at 8s, for Mr G, M. Harrison, Brown's Plains. I.O.R.— The quarterly meeting of the districtfcouncil of the Independent Order of Rechabites was held in Melbourne last week, there being a large attendance of delegates. The report of the district officers was presented, showing a net in crease of 116 members for the quarter. The mortality of seventeen members re sulted m claims for £320 funeral money being paid. Reference was made to the very encouraging result of the local option polls. The returns < showed that -much ii'ctivitv had henn nliotvn htr: tha- mnmhorn of several tents, resulting in -considerable aldditions being made to the membership. The bye-laws of several tents were con sidered and dealt with. 1 ...... ; Those Chinese.— The landing of the 67 Chinese brought, by the Afghan from Houg Kong, for Melbourne, has been prohibited, as they could not comply with xhe provisions of- the Chinese Immigration , Act, in satisfying the collector of Customs ticifc their naturalisation papers were in (.order. Another batch of Mongolians (268 in all) for the colonies, 35 of whom n osm for Yictoria, arrived in Hobson's Ba' y 011 Tuesday, and it is doubtful whe they also will be allowed to land. The s of affairs 00 the steamer Afghan on! We il/ieeday morning presented a very serious aspect, reports the ' Herald." It was allea 'ed by a batch of the Chinese on board that" the rice put before them had been satura ted -with kerosene, and they could not ear their morning meal. The co&k; who was attending to one batch waB anspectad- of the offence, end. had to escape down the fore peak of the vessel, in fear tliac Jus life would taken. The water police on board, wlio were armed wih revolvers, /.prevented the occurrence of a serious breach of the peace. The Payne .'Family.— On Monday evening the talented Payne 'Family of vocalists will appear in the Oddfellows' 1 Hajl, Beechworth. " Fire brigade Anniversary.— A torch light proce33ion and display or fireworks in connection with the Wangaratta Borough Volunteer . Fire-brigade took place last Wednesday night; the occasion being the celebratiou of the anniversary of the brigade. The procession, which win a very creditable one, paraded -the principal streets, and: a very good display of fireworks took place. A ball aud supper followed, and the- hall was largely attended, the music being supplied by Chandler s i5ra3s nana, wmcn neaaeu .wo The proceeds are to be devoted to the fundB of the brigade. The Leasing System at Mubmungee. — On Tuesday evening a large and en thusiastic meeting was held at the Mur- mungee Schoolroom, for the purpose of deciding what steps should be taken to oppose the granting of a 30-acre lease on " The Company's Hill" to Mr A. R. Cane, of Melbourne. Representatives of the Bsechworth branch of the Amalgamated Miners Association were present, and as an offer was made by them, ou behalf of the association, to conduct the opposition to tile granting of the lease, the matter wa3 left in their bauds. Objections were drawn up and signed at the meeting, which, when placed in the hands of the association, will act as a basis for them to work upon. Fall in Tin.— Commenting 011 the rpnpnr. fall in fchfi nrieA nf tin. \Vedne3daV S " Argus" states : One of the French synd'- cates has totally collapsed, and Australian tin i3 now quoted at £105, being a drop of about £55 in a week. The collapse is more dramatic in it3 suddenness and'eom- pleteness than the great advance which took place in the metal six or seven months ago. The Societh des Metaux is reported to have lost £200,000, but this is a trifle compared with the enormous sums its directors and their friends have made by rigging the markets in tin and copper mining shares. The company, moreover, made a profit of £675,000 last year, its stock of copper being taken into account at £64 per ton. Sale of Japanese Manufactures.— Mr George Phillipson, jnn., on Wednes day conducted a sale at the auction mart at Beechworth of a quantity of Japanese merchandise. There was a large atten dance, and bidding was brisk. The goods offered included some rare and beautiful objects of art and utility, and though a clearance was not affected, the major por tion of the consignment was disposed of at good prices. Off Home.— Dr F. Deshon, medical superintendent of the Beechworth Lunatic Asylum, having taken his passage by the R.M.S. Oceana, which sails for England on Friday, left Beechworth on Wednesday afternoon. Tiivn Estatf. omrpany. — Elsewhere in our columns to-day will be found the pros pectus of the Fern tree Gully Estate Company, for which Mr J. P. Wilson has been appointed the Beechworth district agent. 1 Larceny of Letters. — A youth named Charles Brown, who pleaded guilty, at the Melbourne General Sessions on Tuesday, to a charge of stealing two letters from the post-office, in which he was employed, was sentenced to one year's imprisonment, with hard labor, on each charge, the sen tences to be cumulative. Cattle Sale at Rutherglen. — Mr John Strickland conducted a sale of cattle at Rutherglen on Tuesday, and sold as under :— Bullocks, £4 17s 6d to £6 ; cows, £4 7s to £4 17s 6d ; heifers, £4 6s. Nantes v Shire of Towong. — The action Nantes v Sliire of Towoug will be heard in the Msib uirne County Court on the 15th inst. Mr Alexauder Kyle, of Messrs A. and J. Kyle (whose model was a moat important feature in the issue of Jepheott v Towong Shire), is now at Corryong, taking admeasurements for a model of the ditch which caused' the accident to Mr Nante3, for the unskilful construction of which plaintiff claims £3000 damages. The P. and 0. Steamship Cojipany. — We are informed by Mr Richard Taylor, the Beechworth district agent for the above company, that the passenger-list of the R.M.S. Britannia, which leaves Melbourne on the 18th inst., is now almost filled, and that applications for berths must be lodged withiu the coming week. Important to Splitters. — A new regu lation under the Land Act 18S4, appears in Friday's "Gazette," as follows " The splitter's license is not available for lands leased under section 32 of the. Land Act 1SS4, except by express permission of the Minister of Lauds." The Carriage of Wine and Grapes. — Messrs Hall and Graham, M.L.A.'s waited on the Railway Commissioners on Wed nesday with a request that wine and grapes should be carried at the cheap rate charged for agricultural produce. Mr Speight, ill reply, said that the rates now Gharged were very low, but that inquiries would be made. " lolanthe." — The Philharmonic So ciety will present the music of the charm ing opera, "Iolanthe," in the Town Hall, Beechworth, on Tuesday evening, 22nd inst. The opera having been in active rehearsal for some time, a musical treat of a high order may be looked for. Received.— We have to acknowledge the receipt of the "Australian Journal " and of " Bradshaw's Guide " for the current menth. The Beechworth Band.— Yandenberg's Beechworth Brass Band will play a number of selections of music at the intersection of Ford -and Camp streets, at half- past seven o'clock on Saturday evening. 