SOME INCIDENTS IN THE LIVES OF THE IMPERIAL HOUSEHOLD OF GERMANY. With a sorrowful eagerness the whole world tarns just now to the stricken Court of.Germany. The dead Emperor, clad in his uniform of a General of the Guards, em* balmed and lying in state in the cathedral of liis imperial city, is aceu in fancy by every eye, and every ear heare in itnagination his dying words. . We had marvelled, at his strangely-prolonged years, bat are not the less surprised at his sudden death. A week ago we thought of him as aged beyond the ordinary period of man, bat hale, and hearty, HIS CUSTOMARY 'WALK. and kingly In all Ills ways, living bis strong, biit simple life, walking, Riding, bathing, constantly in the sight of biB people, and likely to continne with them for another year at the leash Emer son said, "I thank Clod that I hare one thing in compioh with all the great and good men I hare known. 1 have erer been a great walker." Kaiser Wiihelm might hare offered a similar thanksgiving. Be was in old age as in youth a great walker. It is reported of his later lifeWhen at Gostein he resides at the Badesehlo98, takes a bath regularly every ■ morning, and afterwardsbas a carriage waiting to."drive him abont the pictureBqne surround-, ingsofthe town. His favourite excursion ! is the road to the Boclmtein, where he gener ally-walks some riiatance, accompanied only by one of his cavaliers. He also frequents ether promenades from time to time, and enters into conversation with ladies ahdgen tie men he happens to know." The change came very suddenly, not wiih an attack of any dire disease, but rather through a stoppage of natural functions. Chills, paralysis, cramps, an accumulation of weaknesses .seized him. Tiie husk of the body was worn out, and :could endure ho more .shock or ■train. Like one of the patriarchs of old, the great Emperor gathered hiB teet up into bis : bed and died. "Ail bia household, the eldest son only excepted, were around him, and he prayed with them, and shared with them the last sacraments <>t his church.ahd blessed and counselled hiB grandson, upon whom the terrible'weight of empire tnnst some day, and fnay shortly, devolve, and died as well became a great king and a devout Christian. I. Reference to his long and noble life is made elsewhere, bat public interest does not wholly centre in the king with bis paladins In (he imperial work which he did, and the imperial unities he created and main tamed. We can easily understand how kings rule, but seek abont curiously and sadly for answers to the question, [ "8°» llvad.fcow Jorad, how ftl«a th«yr Wpoapeaaily enough picture tiie Emperor at ,4H&(0BrffBS inuDWau. Sedan, .or beneath thearqpj**! 0er»v\o &■»< in .the Hall oflilrrom atVerwHlea.bat now that he ia dfead.ahd that tfrteMoW of bts death does not rest VlbhiB^rt bli lwnW *0^ nation,-we feel a titrta^alap^lUoriftomt pentle and homeljr memories. The old king was very gentle in hie last years. lie who had known bo much of "The blood-red blNMun of war, *lth the beart of Are," ■ tamed in hU late years with a singular love to simple garden flowers. In one of tbe latest London papers we read, "The Emperor is very fona offlowers, and nothing gave him more pleasure than the floral offerings which were sent to him from far and near on the oocaeion of his Jubilee." And farther, we are told, he walks many hoars in his garden and gathers the blooms, caring little, appa rently, for any other companionship, and resenting any intrusion. Bat stdl there was no neglect of the pecn-1 liar dnties of kingship. With the terrible shadow of his Bon'a illness hanging over the Crown, he appreciated the sympathy and desire of the people; and showed himself to them daily at Mthe historic window" of hiB study. The window looks ont on the Linden walk of Berlin, and there through ont the morning hota'rs groups of eager gazers .would. he gathered. The old kingwonld sit at times with his books clearly visible to them all, bat at others, clad in a. great military over coat, would come to the window and look oat, seldom smiling or making any gesture whatever, but bowing with a solemn grace to any demonstration.' His face, we are told, was of a bronze that had paled to an almost ashen hue, his moustache and1 boshy aide whiskers, which in certain aspects seemed to meet beneath the chin, were silvery white,but bis eyes burned beneath the shaggy penthouses of the heavy brows, and his bearing was ever erect and' soldierly. Strange emotions must often have possessed him as he watched the standing groups or the moving procession. These were the grandchildren of that generation for which be first drew his boyish sword; these were Citizens of the empire which he had created. The majority of the monuments of the splendid city celebrated achievements of his own reign. Up that street he had heard the insulting tarragtara of the French flrdrns. There also he had rode with his conquering legions; returning from the completion of the greatest German triumph of all time. And he knew not how soon, alas I it might be his* fate to look out on wildly-flushed faces, and Us ten to the fierce and exu itant "Hoch! Hochl" j as proclamation was made that Fatherland must stand on its own cause once more, and take the field against wanton, aggres sors. It may be—indeed; it must be that standing there and pondering over the certainties and thinking of the probabilities of a near future, he may as often have imagined muffled drums as the pealing of trumpets in the street, and have heard in his mind's ear more frequently the "Dies lrae, dies ilia," than the " fiuzziren ber&us; 1" of the advance to war. All Is over now. No more marshalling of lines or communing with flowers. No more silver-iringed face at the study window for ever. Slightly altering the sweet words of one of our own poets we can say, . " He's very quiet now, he bos his rest, And there Is none cu wake him, none disturb." THE HIBTOBIO WIHDOW. We turato t tie Emperor who reign i, and, notwithstanding hie terrible malady end the fear, which is almost prophetic, that he mounts the throne. under a death sen tence, feel a strong and ftterling British joy that his wife, the British orin cese, the first-born daughter ol the British Queen, takes herjpj&ce; as the head of the German Court* anr will become, if 'the wont should happen, Dowager Empress, secure in all the privilege# that high position entails. , For many months past the home lib of, this family has possessed n, peculiar interest'for the world. We haVfe looked oh Frederick y^illiam (now Emperor Frederick) af pit one about to die.one strpggiing^whfuily-rrpyally, it may be said—aWyet it was feared unavail : faw—with tpe Octopus-like [grip pf: a raahg hurt and deadly disease. He was suffering at a rime when hohe save foe tnlimfi bp the 1 Royal circle enrooted it; When,at foe mag nificent spectacle pt the Queen's Jubilee he followed the Prih^e of Wales np foe nave of the Abbey, though apparently foe picture of robust health and soldierly Vigour, hiavoice was almost gone, be could only apeak In * whisper, ana unxioas consultations bad Been, 'held as to the cause and probable cburfo of foe'disease. Dr. Wagner was at fodt'time foe Prince's own physieian, arid he is retorted to have concurred in the opinion of Sir Moreil Macftentie that the disease was but chronic catarrh of the larynx, which might be removed by canteriaation, anawhen cauterisation bad bran tried and only proved partially success ful they spoke of chronic laryngitis, and advised mountain air ap the only specific. Better health hsid been obtained at Balmoral thanelsewhere, and a similar altitude and. climate were sought in fop mountains of Bavaria. But ateaailf,and through tariohu distreaaing developments,1, foe insidious disekseerepton; auayhen un'&bheeasln; fob palate had appeared, and bpen yemoved, the suffering una; sorrowful" household came down to Berlin. nhd then wa» the last. family, eonndL The Emperor dying bfoeath the hand of fopi^ foe Prince, bls son, magnifi cent in pteture, reputation, and ail fopap r^r-momlsp & *ifo fop ifiLof deathml'J. * IS? Ipteiv tots »'tbeUttle Engii|h auJTfoeRfoS physicians of the two uatidns, awlfoe pmh dint who nttd fought bCslde their Charlemagne in all bis wars. There was no more help in the mountains, and it was death to linger through the winter in that chilly city. The Riviera was the locality chosen by the doctors, and to the Riviera the house hold moved with much sorrow and little hope. That farewell and de parture are suggestive indeed of the fare well and departure of our mystical ideal first English king. " I am going a long way, With these thou seest if indeed I go (For all my mind Is clouded with a doubt) To the island valley of Avillion; Where tails not rain, er ball, or any enow, Nor ever wind Mows loadly; but it lies Deep meadowed. happy, fair with orchard lawns Ana bowery hollows crowned with summer sea, Where I will heal me of my grievous wound." San Remo, indeed, very closely resembles the Avillion isle. It is open to all the Sunshine and sheltered from all the chills of European winter. It is spoken of as the culminating point of the tropical vegeta tion of the Rtvtera; it is in its vicinity that i single palms grow in the greatest luxuriance, j the date acquiring: foil maturity. The city j contains many beautiful gardens, generally upon terraces. These are Often planted with palms, and the long waving branches, inter mixed with the bnildings, have a peculiarly beautiful effect. The Jessamine, the orange flower, and, in short, whatever can give sweetness, has here a peculiar sweetness. The town is close upon the seashore, rising thence up a lofty hilL Terraces and orange groves are seen intermixed with handsome churches in picturesque confusion. The upper town offers a characteristic example of the architectural arrangements in the middle ages. It was built for protection from the Algerian pirates, and consists of long, narrow, tortuons streets, so steep as often to require steps, leading in many places under arched vaults, the irregular houses on either side supporting each other by arched flying buttresses. In these narrow streets, however, the inhabitants cultivate THE TILLA ZIBIO. bright flowereOn their balconies, and train up vines wherever they can against the sides of their houses, which mass of greenery relieves the gloom, and under the shadow of which, in, the highest stories, exposed to the fall eanshiae, they sit and enjoy the beau tiful vistas of hill and sea. In the new town, which extends along the Genoa road, the most conspicuous building is the Palazzo Borea, at the corner of the Via Cavour, a grand old pile built in the 15th century, and forming a mayked contrast to the modern buildings arduhd it' There is a public garden to the west of the totn; and beautiful strips of ground laid onl*h walks and shrubberies, given by the .Empress of Russia, who resided here some years ago. At,Ban Remo every thing is Italian, and there is but little trace of French immigration, except perhaps, in the splendour of the shops. And the fairestapot m ail this beautiful San Remo is that Villa Zirio, sometime the residence of. the Prince of Wales, and more recently occupied by the Prince, now Em peror of Germany. Seldom has such beauty enshrined such sorrow and <Jespaij. All the. long winter the Royal household dived there—the smile of a perpetual spring before, and around them, and the chill of « fast-approaching death at their hearts. All ibe ynedical science of Europe waa summoned to. the sick bed, and very fierce was the contention between. Sir Morell Mackenzie, the reoowned English specialist, and the learned .doctors of Germany. The UO&U;& • XACKNZIB. controversy iapld^hb W. We have heard all 1 the atoriesof theekSminationa of the throat, i ofthe ^r»lble *nir)h!>tloha of the German doctors, ana pt thesteii.(lt$Bt persistence <»f blr Morell llaekentte. We Winember the time. It fa indeed'hat e feWweekeago, irhen a total removal of Uf^&B; The cancer w*s1efcted the organ, but etlll the no, fcndthe Prince. ' abiding ' warn opinion. kept his | voice, apd hai ROTjret lost hia life. Dr. Leopold Van • 8cnVbtter, whose picture appears below* waatha honae physician at the Wis Zlrip, Jmd Apon him devolved the dotf oi cttmm%tii $ir Morell Mackenriee inhUhcibi®(JJHe; U, Vtfwill beseen, aingalarly nhlike tiii Rwi»h pwthgae.; The one,clean ed'M %t -prpBle, Imkca rather in military than proleiMllonal aarle, hnd bearing a by no means distant reaeihblanoe to oar Dr. Fiu geraid. The othi»; ioagh, full-bearded, loosely- attired, mocb in the etyle ot *b» «omnu>n idea of ;a.Qerman professor./ T»e» have acted cordially, ibd well together throughout the trying tltoe. hnd hayjj, *k i> known, had the support of ProteasorYircnow in most of their opinions 'Paidic t^nttdencO in them may have been shaken when the microseopists stated that cancerous matter had been found in the expectorations of tbe Prince, and the operation of tracheotomy was pronounced necessary, and actually per formed ; but as yet there is no clear and posi tive proof that malignant cancer exists, and the Prince stands as fitftperor of Germany, and has a faint but Justifiable hope of wear ing the crown through many years. DB. LEOPOLD TON 8CHE0ITEB. Few people, perhaps, have realised the terrible ordeal he underwent through those winter months at San Remo. It was not the physical pain or the natural dread of death which would trouble him chiefly ; not eyen the bitter disappointment which it is in the nature of men to feel at being cat off, not from life only, bat trom the highest and proudest position liie could offer. All these things would be crnel and hard enongh, but to appreciate fully the agony endured, we have to remember that the Prince was, before all things, a soldier, and a soldier of service. He could remember well, that tremendous day of Koningratz, when, at 4 o'clock in the wet and wintry morning, Colonel Von Finckenstein dashed up to his qaarters with orders from the King to march to the attack of the Austrian Right. And then the hurried marshalling of the troops, and the march through the misty twilight and the long morning hours to the nearing thunder and the thickening smoke, the headlong charge up the heights of Chlnm ana Roseriitz, and the ntter defeat and headlong flight of the enemy as the King charged with the whole cavalry reserve on their centre, and rank after rank broke, and fled with one despairing cry, " AUes id verloren." And nearer still to him were the fiercer battles of Wissenberg, and Worth, and Sedan. He had led in them all, and.now ! now he could hear, as we all could hear, the arms of Europe gathering far a Regnarack, an Armageddon. He could feel, with every man of Teuton blood, the approach of crises when every man would be required to fight as a man, and he, the natural leader of them all, lay as one around whom some gigantic earthworm had coiled—helpless, doomed, dying as a serf or a slave, and not as a king. It is not easy to overestimate the' soldier's egony under snch circumstances. The zest of war is the keenest, sternest, highest de light the man of fighting instincts knows. War is the great game of the world, and no m itter how humanitarians may preach and prate, while men keep theirmanly nature and mBtincts wars will be made. He had felt the delight aud the glory of war, and now a greater harvest appeared ripening than the world had ever seen before, and he was not going down to the reaping, bnt about to be gathered into Death's sad sheaf, and like a mean man who had no claim to a glorious end. For life or for death he has bnrst bis bonds now. The languor and the deathly honor of San Remo is cast behind. By latest cables we hear of the new Em peror dashlne northward through hail and snow storms, passing town after town, and receiving everywhere roars of gratulations from the people, who thought never to look on bis face again, but hail him now their Emperor and King. We can picture the tail figure muffled in furs, the brown and bearded face much dr&wnand; emaciated,the littleEng lish woman "asever by his side, and his three They pass from town to town, they reach the capital, they drive down the Linden atrasse all draped with crape now, the snow on the roofs, trees, and sidewalks making ghastly contrast. He passes between the guards, through the cathedral door, and kneels beside the coffin of his dead aire. The dying above the dead, Is it so indeed S We will hope not It was not thus they met on Koningratz, with 33,000 dead or wounded men etrewn over the. field; nor at Sedan, when news came of the surrender of Hapoleoo; nor in that same Linden strasse, when he proudly presented to bis father, the Emperor, 'the men who never winced at jBongival." In a few brief days now the voice that-was - deemed to be, hushed for ever will epeak to the world, and we know that its words will be wise gnd, well-weighed, and of good] counsel, and hope that .they, will be but thf first of many which will make for the world's' peace—though- not at the price of the Teuton honour. Even if the' Emperor's health were sound and his prolonged reign reasonably assured, adetp and general interest would be felt in. the next successor, theCrown Prince William, who was named as Regent - by the late, Emperor just prior to his death. Recently this interest "was intensified by the probkbif''*" that the young Prince would be next to asw , the throne, it seemed that only two djjthg • men barr£d his way, and there was very little prospect of his undergoing such a -long and Erobably salutary tutelage as had been borne r his father. The Prince is not young for the performance ot any ordinary duties' of life, bnt the sovereignty of the German empire is altogether ao vast and eotnplU cated and extraordinary a matter, " that them were reasonable shakings of head aboat the: possibilities of any rash or harried meddlinjg; pith established policy. And in England end ' amongst Englishmen there eras profound; dissatisfactionat the proapect of tha "little! Englishwoman " passing into obscurity wbdC her daughter-in-law -attained thet * dignities, ft was fejt thgt (tbp^ widowed Cro*n Princess would not $nd muchjpomjp#!; or peace in Genfany, Tpr it .. * secmtthaiherrql^nona g ' been anything but. cprdia German lite had hot In hi English nature.. She ahd tplerapt: Jgirllhmtt * underlie preacher was instructed or foment the Jndenhetze, and in a memorable sermon did mnch to stir np pnblic bate and promote violence. The Crown Princess esponsed the other side warmly, and induced her husband to invite several representative Jews to dinner. This action caused a breach which was never thoroughly healed, but has been commonly sup posed to have become broader through years. The Prince William is alleged to have taken sides with Bismarck, and, in deed, a few weeks back The Argus social correspondent in London sent oat a painful story of the family relations in (be Royal household. Prince William was de scribed as about " as unhappy and unlovely a specimen ot humanity aa can well be con ceived. One half of his body is more or less defective—one of his arms being withered. He bas chronic inflamation of the base of the brain,and is tortured by recurrentabsceseee in both ears, which render him interdiittently deaf, and are rapidly impairing bis hear ing altogether;" Farther, it was stated that his temper was detestable, but con sidering his many infirmities this could hardly be a matter of surprise, and that he cherished an embittered feeling against his mother, having conceived that all his ills and aiimenta were hereditary. If this be a fair and accurate statement we can easily con ceive how painful would have been the position of the noble lady who now shares the Imperial dignity had the expected death of her husband placed this ill- dispoBed prince, her eon, on the throne. It is quite possible, however, that the picture is over drawn, at least it is pleasant and right to set np against it another picture, or at least to quote a lew of the prince's own words, whieh have an unquestionable ring of soldiership THE CEOWH PBUTOBSS. and manhood. Prince William felt himself called on to answer certain charges which had been made against him of a desire for war, and an intent, if ever in a position to give effect to hi9 will, oi furthering the aims of the military party in the state. "I am a Brandenberger," he said, "and therefore a soldier. We Brandettbergers fear nothing bat God and ahame; but God forbid that I, through any meddling with established policy, should precipitate or be instrumental in bringing on war." The words were rather brave than modest, and seem to come somewhat strangely from one who, from the description given, can certainly not be said to have inherited the soldier's figure. It may also be noted here how strangely the Imperial family appears to have retrograded in three generations. The pnny stripling with the great sonl does not seem the grandson who sbonld have followed the magnificent nonagenarian now lying in state, nor is he bodily a worthy son of his sire who, until the lamentable affliction of his later years, was spoken of as the finest man the nineteenth century had broaght forth in Germany. The Prince William was born in 1859, and married, in 1881, the Princesa Victoria of Schlesw ig- Holstein - Auraatenburg, a lady, ae will be seen from the sketch below, rather of a German than a Danish type of beauty. Her father was reigning Duke at the time of the Anstro-Prnssian invasion of the Duchies, and, indeed, nrged his claim to the throne of Denmark in 1863. The other claimant, however, Prince Christian, son of the Duke of Schleawig-Holstein- Sunderaburg Glucksburg, was chosen, and assumed the sovereignty as King Christian IX. A year later the hopeless war began, and King tibd Grand Dnke aufferedseverely from the allied aims. The Princess Victoria was bat six years of age at that time, the yonng Prince pi Prussia but five, and the possibility of any anion between the two families must have seemed remote indeed. But time heals many sores, and the disruption of Ae Danish state with many another old tend was buried and forgotten in the Federation of the German states which followed the Franco-Prussian War. The Princess,' through the relationship. Writh Ae younger branch of the Danish Royal Family is distantly connected with 'most of A* royaltito of Europe. She . is sIbo gmndMghter of.Qaeen Victoria's half-sister FBodora (married Ernest, Prince of Hohenlohe Langenburg), and nieca of the Prince Chris tian who married Ae Princess Helena '.of England. The Princess , lived veryslmply and in close retirement through her girlhood 'fcnd youth in Ae Schlosa Dolste, above the little hamlet of Aat name near Frankfort-oh the-Oder, and a&iir; very little indeedVof , As World until .betrothed to her' hoahand ih '188& TJiey were married on the 8TA February, 1881, and on the 8th of .Jlay, 1888,' was born Ae Prince Frederic WlUauii, 'win 'mow* vudiuo wowa* 