SHIPPING-. AE3llAr.VX.s:' April 2. FITZROY, A.U.S.N. Company's s" 1500 tons, Captain J. B. Meaburn, from Rockhampton and Maryborough. Passengers : Mesdames Dalzell unit maidens. ship, Ships, A. R. Wilson, H. P. Ward alias, Laue, and O. Nagel, Misses Lane and Adams, Sir Thomas M Ilwraith, Hon. A. H. Wilson, Messrs. Dalzell, C. Smyth, A. Muller. 0. Berlin's, A. Halliday, J. Stevenson, A. Morton, T. J. rifle, T. Smith, J. J. Smith, Robertson, It. West, Snape, W. Ellson, A. K. Lloyd, E. P. Hughes and servant, Broadbent, 61, li. Shaw, James Admits, K. H. Jones, P. C. Chapman, 1'. AVeiutluil, O'. N. Simpson, Bushell. T. C. Russell, AVostphnl, M. H. Moreton, 0. Nagel, and 44 in the steerage. The B.I. and QA. Company, Limited, managing agents. April 2. LEURA, s., 1186 tons, Captain F. H. Stanford, from Melbourne and. Sydney, passengers : Mesdames Keith and 8 children, Farmer, writes, Evothighiim, Bundle, Muuta, Livormoi c, C. Roberts, and Turner, Misses Everingham and Brace, Captain Beuton],Messrs. J. W.P. Rogers, E. Opinion, Chitntio, II. Pier, A. Pobordor, li. Peberdy, I'. AVilkiiiuon, It. AVcllcont, N. M'Carthy, T. M. Clark, Keith, li. 0. leitch, Itiess, Yunta, Hall, and 25 in the steerage. Wm. Howard Smith and Sons, Limited, agents. April 2.-PUJCAlCI, Union Company's s., 600 tons, Captain Henry Johnston, from Timaru, via Wellington (NZ.). Passengers: Misses Turner (2), Allison, and Simms, MOSMAN. Turner (a), Allison, and 7 in the steerage. C, Harcourt Turner, agent. April 2.-ItOCKlON", A.U.S.N. Company's s" 2000 tons, Captain R. Armstrong, from Melbourne and Sydney. Passengers: Mesdames Brown, Mills-, (diminish, Portus, Cullen, Muir, Hungerford, Collins, Hopkins and children (2), Mainland, and Hubbard, Misses Neal, Hogg, Dougall, Anthill, and Davis, Messrs. W. 11. Lo I'm it, T. T. Williams, T. Smith, H. J. Steele, J, Hart, P. S. Brown, H. Coop, J. Donaldson, A. Henry, C. Houston-, A. AVitt. P. Thomson, G. A'. Davis, T. JOIIOJ, A. Nuiilf, AV. Doug-all, Doudle, K. Thelander, C. N. Armitage, F. Muir, A. Sloriekcr, A. Knox, H. H. Hungerford, 7". JJ. Connellan, H. H. Thomas, P. Stephenson, It. Trimble AV. M'Lean, li. lillian, 1). R. Dunlop, li. Sykes, Marsland, and SS in the steerage'. The D.I. and Q.A, Company, Limited, managing agents. DEPARTURE. ' ' , PROSE MllIlSTON It IT. is a April 3 BOLÜ.INA, 19.S. Company's s" 2513 tons, Captain Clarke, for talent a, via ports. The BI, and U.A. Company, Unified, managing agents. IMPORTS. [A special charge made on consignees'' aiuioiiaccmonts invited in this column Pukaki, s., from Timaru and Wellington, New Zealand: 20s sacks oats, 700 sacks and bags flour, 50 sacks oatmeal, (30 sacks potatoes, 636 sacks bran, -100 sacks pollard, 5 cases bacon, and 15 packages sundries. STEAMERS DUE From London, via potts-Moikaia, RMS, to-morrow STEAMERS LEAVING Pot S} duet -Love at noon and Fitzroy at 3 p m to-day, and Rockton at noon to- morrow For Maryborough and Rockhampton -line leigh at 3 p m to-day for Cairns, Mr po Balmain at pm to-day for Cooktown, via ports -Birksgate at 3 p m to morrow For Maryborough and Bundaberg-Lady Musgrave at o p m to-morrow SHIPPING MOVEMENTS CLUB L,*)S1,A.ND Agnes, schooner, left Mary borough on Wednes day for Townsville Alice Mary, barque, is still at Cooktown Adonis, s, left last evening for Noosa, where she is due this is being Andes, barque is still at Normanton Ada, schooner, is still at lCuu boiler Auna, buffalo, cleared at the Customs on Iliuiad ly for Newcastle in ballast Albatross, s , arrived at Cooktown yesterday week from Thursday Island Barcoo, s, for Cooktown, MI ports, left Keppel Bay on Sunday evening, and was due at Howell last night Balmain, s., leaves at 2 p in to-day for Cairns, via ports, and is due in Mary borough at midday to-morrow It titabool, s, was due in Melbourne yesterday, and leaves to-morrow ioiFuisbuiio Biilt80alo, s probably arrived here only this morning; from Cooktown, via ports, and le ives at 3 p m to-morrow on her return trip But ah, I , clo tired in body Island at 7 10 train yesterday for Rockhampton Bessie Maud, schooner, is still at Townsville Raull shire, barque, for Wallaroo, in b finish, was lowed to sea by the tug Beaver last Saturday week Bei This, schooner, off Cape Moreton at J JO a in on Friday Doll Duck, ketch, from Sydney for low Yuille and O runs, with cargo, passes out from the Pilot Station, Moreton Island at 120 p.m. on Sunday Dooldauu, D I S N Company's steamer, from Newcastle, left the Bus bane roadstead on Sunday night for Calcutta, via Port Dm war, May I, add -engaged e City of Melbourne, s, probably arrived here early the running, from timbered, via ports, with the mails for the RMS Merkara, and leaves at 2 p in on Thursday on her return trip Oiutia, o , Horn Cooktown for Di issue, Sydney, and Melbourne, via ports, arrived off Townsville on Sunday afternoon, and probably left at midday yesterday She was due at Rowan last night Corea, s , is) still report Coomba, ketch, from Maryborough for Townsville, cleared Woody Island last Saturday week Candidate, ketch, is now in port C Walker, schooner, is now in port Crinoline, schooner, from Maryborough, i For Mackay, cleared Woody Island at 11 1 5 a m on Friday Changsha, China Navigation Company's s , from Sydney to Hongkong imports, is due in Cleveland Bay to-day Derwent, s , leaves Sydney to-day for Rockhampton, and is due here on TlmiSihi} Duke, schooner, is still at Cooktown. Daphne, schooner, is now at Townsville Elamang, s , leaves Normanton on Thursday for Brisbane, via ports Eurimbla s , for Rockhampton, via ports, arrived in iluiidubuig yesterday morning, and was due at Gladstone last night LUcu, schooner, is still in May i borough Ellangowan, missionary schooner, is still at Cooktown u Eliza. Mary, labour schooner, leaves shortly for the South Sea Islands Ensign, barque, is now at Townsville I regret, s , aimed home early yesterday morning from Rockhampton and Maryborough, and leaves at 2 p m to-day for Sydney, where she is due on Thursday amounts ship, schooner, from Maryborough, mined at Townsville on Sunday night Fearless, schooner, kit townsville last Sunday week for Mackay Funny Dent, schooner, cleared Cape Moreton at 9 JO a in on Friday Glanworth, s, was due in Sydney yesterday and leaves to-morrow for Rockhampton Gazelle, barque, is still at Townsville Gifhn, schooner, is still at Cooktown Grace Darling schooner, is now on her way day from Brisbane for Mackay, with cargo. Hector, brigantine, is still at Mackay Julia, American barque, is now in port Jam nea, barque, left Kimberley last Tuesday week for Noumea John R Worcester, barque, from London, with a general cargo, will discharge at Messrs Parbury Lamb, and Co a wharf, Eagle son of Just in Time, schooner, is now in Sydney Ronald Scott, 1 oth, left Maryborough on Tuesday last for Bundaberg Kenilworth, schooner, for Port Douglas and Cooktown with coals and railway iron, cleared Cape Moreton yesterday week Kent, schooner, lsnowiujioil Leura s , arrived line yesterday morning from Melbourne and Sydney, and load es at noon to-day on her return trip She is due in Sydney on thursday and leaves on Saturday Lady Musgrave, a leaves to morrow afternoon for Mary beforehand Bundaberg Julia Rookh, schooner, left Townsville last Thursday week for Burke town Lochiel, schooner, left Bundaberg ' last Saturday week for the South Sea Islands Lucy and Adelaide, schooner, arrived at Cook town at 7 am on AY Wednesday from Mary borough Iuiiiirk8hue, barque, from Glasgow, with a general cargo, will be reported at the Maranoa, s., left Melbourne on Saturday for Cooktown. She was due in Sydney yob today, and leaves to-day. Martha Reid, schooner, is still in Bundaberg. Mayflower, schooner, is Howat Townsville. Marchioness of Lorne, schooner, is still in Maryborough. May Queen, schooner, is now at Townsville. Mary Wadley, schooner, is now on her way from Sydney for Rockhampton, via Newcastle. May, schooner, leaves Brisbane shortly for the South Sea Islands. Moonta, schooner, is still at Townsville. Morning Light, schooner, is now at Towns ville. Magellan Cloud, schooner, is now in port. Malkara, B.I.O.s. Company's RMS., from London, via ports, for Brisbane, with passengers, immigrants, and a general cargo, was I due in Keppel Bay yesterday morning. Kellie, schooner, left Townsville on Saturday morning for Brisbane, in ballast. Oullio, s., is now at Cooktown. Parnell, schooner, is still at Townsville. Polly, D., from Rockhampton, arrived in Maryborough, on Saturday evening. Pendle Hill, Schooner, is now at Townsville. Pukallus, arrived here at I midday yesterday from' Timaru and Wellington with a full cargo of produce. Pacific, s., arrived at Cairns at midday on ATedneBctaylrom Maryborough Quiraing, s., from Brisbane, left Port Douglas at 7 a.m. yesterday, and was due at Cooktown at midday. Queen, schooner, from Townsville for Sydney, is still lying at anchor off Seaview Hill, Keppel Bay. Ranelagh, s leaves for Rockhampton at 4 p.m. to-day, and is due in Maryborough at midday to-morrow. Rachel Cohen, brigantine, is now on her way from Dungeness for Melbourne. Royal Duke is still in Maryborough. Resolute, schooner, is now in Bundaberg. Rockton, s., arrived here early yesterday afternoon for Melbourne and Sydney, and leaves at noon to-morrow on her return trip. Raven, B.M.S., left on Satin tivy morning for Sydney. Silvery Wave, schooner, is still in port. Sarah Pile, schooner, is still at Townsville Sovs Leigh, schooner, left Maryborough on Monday for Brisbane. Sylvan, s., in arrived at Cooktown at 3.30 a.m. on Wednesday from Maryborough. Tom Fisher, schooner, is now in port. Victoria, a., was due in Melbourne yesterday, and leaves to-morrow for Cooktown. Waratah, schooner, left Adelaide last Saturday week for Townsville. Warrego, s., for Melbourne, leaves Sydney to-day. AArnroonga, R.M.S for London, via ports, left Cooktown at I 6.30 a.m. on Wednesday, after transhipping her mails from the Elamang. Wawoon, s., left | Bundaberg on Thursday for Baffle Creek, Wanganui, schooner, is now at l'owiiBviUo. Yaralla, s., from Brisbane, cleared Woody Island at 8.30 a.m. yesterday, and was due at Bundaberg in the evening. You Yangs, a for Cairns, arrived off Townsville at 10.20 p.m. on Saturday. TNTOTCOr.ONIAt.. Adelaide, s., left' Sydney on Saturday for Melbourne, where she was due yesterday. Beeswing, s., arrived at Adelaide on Sunday from Newcastle. Durham, ship, arrived in Sydney on Saturday from London. Dupleix, French mail steamer, left Sydney on Saturday for Noumea. Elingamite, s., left Adelaide on Saturday for Sydney.' Gambier, s., arrived at Adelaide on Sunday from Sydney. Helen Scott, barque, arrived in Sydney on Sunday from London. Imperial, ship, arrived in Sydney on Saturday from New York. Johann August, barque, arrived at Adelaide on Saturday from Frederickstadt. Loch Lomond, ship, arrived at Adelaide on Sunday from Glasgow. Manapouri, s,, arrived at Adelaide on Sunday from Auckland. Monmouth, barque, arrived in Sydney on Sunday from Melrose, Passat, barque, arrived at Adelaide yesterday morning from Diaiiimou, Salier North German Lloyd's R.M.S., from Sydney for Bremen, viewpoints, left Melbourne on Saturday, Thornhill, barque, left Adelaide yesterday morning for Guam, To Ann, s., arrived in Sydney on Sunday from New Zealand, Victorian, s,, left Sydney on Saturday for Melbourne, where she was due yesterday. AVomlourco, s., arrived in Sydney on Saturday from Melbourne Captain J. B. Meaburn reports that the Fitzroy, a left Rockhampton at 10 p.m. on the 31st March ; arrived at Maryborough 10.30 a.m. on the 1st instant; left again at Grey p.m. same day : crossed Wide Bay Bar at 6.10 p.m. ; passed Double Island Point at 645 pm. ; entered More ton Bay at '2.0 a.m. on the 2nd; and arrived at the wharf at 0.0 am. Experienced moderate south-east winds and fine weather to Maryborough; thence strong south-east winds and heavy- head sea, with passing showers. Captain P. H. Staines! reports that the Leura, s., left the company's wharf in Sydney at 2 p.m. on 31st March; cleared the heads at each); lOundod'Siigailoaf Spirit at 11.40 ; passed Smoky Cape at 8 a.m. on the 1st instant; rounded Cape Moreton at 4.10 a.m. on the 2nd, and arrived in Brisbane at 640 am. Experienced variable southerly winds, with smooth sea and fine weather, during the passage. Captain R. Armstrong reports that the Reck- ten, a., left Melbourne for pensioned 1 p.m. on the 28th March, touched at Sydney on the 10th, and left the latter port at 2.30 p.m. on the ii 1st ; passed the South Solitary at noon on the 1st instant, and anchored off the Pile Light to await the tide at 8.30 a.m. on the 2nd; arrived along- side the Brisbane wharf at 1 p.m. on Baum duty. Southerly and south-easterly winds, with fine weather, marked the iiassagotluoughout. HID PUKAKI The Union Company's At amor Pukaki, him to oil by Mr. C AY" Turner, of Christchurch, New Zealand and consigned to Mr. 0 Harcourt 1 author, of this city, in i iv ed here at midday yesterday from Putnam and Wellington with the largest cargo of produce that has yet come to this point in one bottom- niuiioly, 1100 tons, bones about 300 tons for Newcastle She is the pioneer of a monthly line of steamers which will in future trade between New Zealand ports and Brisbane drove to the agency of Mr O Hor- cona lunch he will be followed in about three weeks" time by the Janet Nichol Negotiations for the opening of this line of steamers, which ought to prove a great benefit to the commercial community, was concluded by Mr Turner during his recent visit to New Zea land The Pukaki will comment of discharging at the Boundary-street wharf this morning, and will probably leave on Thursday The Pukaki is sliuigkt-stuiimiod and schooner-rigged, and is on the higher class at Lloyd's, her hull is double bottomed the tanks for water ballast have a capacity equal to 100 tons. The main tank holds 250 tons and the after tank 170 tons She was built and engined at Denny's yards, Dumbarton, where nearly a li the company a boats were constructed She is a steel screw steamer, and her dimensions are as follow Length 200ft, beam, On , and depth of hold, 19ft This gives her a gross iiiuisuiemeiil of 1100 tons the net register is two tons in clisplaeeiiiouts are tabulated thus -On draught of '9ft Jin she can carry 300 tons, called Our 1000tonsiBtliohiiut, calls Jin 1500 tons care taken, and on lost 'his shoiauqual to 1500 tons There are the matches, with very high combings, and are of considerable dimensions, each is furnished with a patent steam which he hotels and Co., of Stockton for dourallie of steel The hull is bridged amidships, and on this deck are the chart-room, siding room, and the captain's cabin lia entrance to the saloon is also from this deck, where an commodities for twenty piss"ii(,ets is provided, and the provision made for the comfort and convenience is of a high order the second cabin is light nil, and very few steaming shorter colonial trade can boast of such neat Ludwell ventilated upaitinouts-thirty- fho pus orders can be berthed in the second cabin The great feature of the Pukaki, however, is tlioimicuiuuij The engines are on the quadruple expansion principle. Only some five 01 and steamers have been fitted with them us yet lim mmuiirplit By stem elicit a great saving in the real, and, as a proof of this, it may be mentioned that the Pukaki steam ten knots on a daily consumption of on ytviolvetons The miners iiesiirfuco-conitiiis pig and direct-acting, and the lorry cylinders are KIHI calm So ii and 17in in diameter some lively. the piston stroke n alan The boiler is single-ended, and the steel plates used in its con struction mo of gin in (length. The bodice st JOJ a hydraulic test of 50lb. It is he did by three of Fox's pa cut corrugated furnaces. The boiler pressure is 1701. to the square inch The engines are furnished with a p front evaporator and Condenser for keeping up a supply of coal witorfortho boilers, sandals with Brown's unpiovedatui ting or seven mug goat West's patent beefeaters, and also one of the same injkei'sdireet-aitiug donkey pumps 'restore grant, in addition to its indicated, his two dif felicitous distinct sounds for full speed ahead and full speed astern, and the order for rifles can be understood in the engine-room without the dial being looked at Captain Hem v Johnson who was for mally in the M anapom 1, UUB CO at- the md of the Pukaki, and Mr. ankle is with him ?? chief officer. Mr. Hay 13 chief engineer. Mr. Pethebridge, formerly of the 'Tekapo is purser 'The Pukaki left Wellington at of 30 a in on the 2,11. Match, Lord Howe's Island abeam at 10 p.m. on the 30th March, and also armed alongside the Boundary- street wharf at noon yesterday. Experienced strong westerly winds and heavy seas to the 29th March, and thence to arrival fine weather. SHIP MAILS. Mails will be made up and el03o.lafc the General Post Office as under : UNITED KINGDOM, per P. and O. STEAMER (Overland). For registered letters, packets, and newspapers, at 4 p.m.; ordinary letters, at 4.30 p.m.; and late- fee letters, at 6 p.m. to-day (Tuesday). 'MAitYBonouaii AND ROCTCIIAJIITON.-Per Ranelagh, s., at 3.15 pm. to-day (Tuesday). COOKTOWN, VIA PORTS Per Birksgate, s., at 2.16 p.m. to-morrow (Wednesday). i BuxDAiiEao.-Per Lady Musgrave, a at 4.15 p.m. to-morrow (Wednesday). TOWNSVILLE, COOKTOWN, TncisnAY ISLAND, AND NORMANTON. Per City of Melbourne, s., at I 2.15 p.m. on Thursday. \- VESSELS TO ARRIVED-MARCH 30. Alexandra, ship, 352 tons, from London, for Brisbane, Sailed 13th February. " i Ardmore, ship, 102 tons,. from London, for Brisbane Sailed 12th March. Burns, Philp! and Co., agents. v Balourry, barque, 491 tons, from London for Normanton. sailed 3rd December. Burns,? Philp, and Co., agents. Bulimba, BALLAN. Company's RMS., from.' London, for Brisbane. To sail 4th April. The B.I. and Q.A. Company, Limited, managing agents. 1 Barunga, barque, 1030 tons, from Liverpool for Brisbane. To sail 20th February. I Bertha, barque, from New York for Brisbane' Quinlan, Gray, and Co., Limited, agents. J County of Carnarvon, barque, from Liverpool for Brisbane. Sailed from Holyhead on the lUtbj December. Webster and Co., agents. 5 Corbett Castle, ship, late tons, from New York, for Brisbane. To sail 20th March. Chili, barque, (378 tons, from London, for Cairns, Sailed 13th February. Doon, barque, 817 tons, Captain EL Hughes, from London for Rockhampton. Sailed 7th) January. Walter Reid and Co., agents. v Buranda, BS.N. Company's RMS.-, from' London for Brisbane, via ports. To EUII 7th March. The B.l. and Q.A. Company, Limited managing agents. j l-'rimoiseo Uotusso, barque, 427 tons, from Glasgow', for Brisbane. To sail 15th February. J Goatfell, barque, 716 tons, Captain H. Foster from London for Brisbane. Headed 2nd Docony bor, via St. Vincent 16th January. Wallace Warren, and Co., agents. Gryfe, ship, 1500 tons, from Glasgow, for Brisbane. To sail 20th March. A Heinrich Bauer, German ship, 571 tons, from Hamburg for Brisbane. Loading turn February Trongate, barque, 350 tons, Captain G. Campbell, from Glasgow for Brisbane. Sailed.; 30th) December. D. L. Brown and Co agents; alone barque, 520 tons, from'.liouclöp, for Townsville. To sail 2Sllil!'obruury.,:!J5'í;''' '; Isle of Anglesea, barque, 726 tonBJ!ffoto Liver! pool for Brisbane. Silica 26th January. Port bury, Lamb, and Co., agents. J LailJtouk, barque, five tons, from London for Brisbane. Quinlan, G Day, and Co., agents.. j Lake Simcoe, barque-, 233 tons, from. London for Mackay. To sail 15th February. j Margarita, barque, 799 tons, from Port Gamble, for Brisbane. Loading on the 20th, February. 1 Merkara, B.I.S.N. Company's s., from Lon don for Brisbane, via ports. sailed 8th, February, via Aden 4th February. Next coming down the coast. The B.l. and' Q.A»< Company, Limited, managing agents. Nairnshire, ship, Ocean tons, from Glasgow for Brisbane. Sailed 31st January, but. stranded on Goer Bank in Loohryuu on 2nd February.' D. L. Brown and Co., agents. Oberon, ship, 1194 tons, Captain. Duty from London for Brisbane. Sailed 3rd January, and, left Deal on the 12th. Parbury. Lamb, and Co' agents. J Onyx, barque, 403 tons, Captain Paterson, from' Port Pirie for Brisbane. Sailed -10th, March. The Adelaide Milling and Mercantile Agency Company, Limited,' invite. Pak Wan, ship, 318 tons, from Puget Sound; for Brisbane. McGhie, Luya, and Co., agents, i Queen, B. aN Company's RMS., from London, for Brisbane, via pens. -To sail on the 2nd May. Those. and Q.A. Company, Limited,' managing agents. 1 Rose M., barque, 368 tons, from Port. Chambers for Brisbane. Sailed 17th September. '" Roma, B.I.S.N. Company's s., 1743 tons, from London for- Brisbane, via ports. Sailed 6th' March, via Port Said 21st March. The Bl. 'and QA. Company, Limited, managing agents. Remus, barque, 727 tons, from Liverpool, for Brisbane. Sailed 3rd February. Quinlan, Gray and Co., agents. j Scottish Admiral, ship, 639 tons, from Glas gow, for Brisbane. Sailed 28th March. ' ' Snel'ritl, Norwegian barque, 410 tons,, front'' Bo3toii)iltor-tiUuaue. To sail 15th February. ) ' Stirlingshire, ship, 1224 tons, from London, for Brisbane. Sailed 21st January. Scottish Lassie, barque, 352 tons, from London, for Maryborough. Sailed 14th March. 3 Scottish Bard, barque, 310 tuna, from London for Maryborough, Sailed 17th January. ) Trongate, barque, (541) tons, from Glasgow for Brisbane. Sailed 3lBtDooembur< 3 Vooriug, barque, 302 tons, from. Puget Sound for Townsville. Loading on the 21st October Aplin, Brown, and Co., agents. A Vorduudi,^Danish schooner, 200 tons, Captain F. Dwyer, from London for Normanton. Sailooj on 29th December. Burns, Philp, and Co agents. I Wachusoll, American ship, 1919 tons, from New York, for Brisbane. To sail 18th February Willie McLaren, barque, ODO tons, Captain \V/ Laidnmu, from Puget Sound for Normanton! Burns, Philp, and Co., agents. To Yeomans"., 1427 tons, from London for BrisBane, via ports. To sail 20th February. '? natural, Norwegian barque, 606 tons, from New York for Brisbane. sailed 9th January Alfred Shaw and Co., agents. A "'-"YBSSBLS'IN HARBOUR.-MüBoit 30. Andes, barque, 334 tons, Captain W. Laird from Maryport at Normanton. Burns? Philp, and Co., agents.' Anna, Swedish barque, 243 tons, for Newcastle, Clyde, barque, 320 tons, from Glasgow; on Mackay. j County of Forfar, barque, 997 tons, from London. Webster and Co., agents. 4 Julie Mary, schooner, for the South Sea? Marnbi. of Flora, schooner, 114 tons, from the South Sea Islands, via Mackay. Burbury, Lamb, and Co agents.. . ' . / < (Gazelle, barque, 336 tons, Captain F. Munroe from London at Townsville. Burns, Philp,' and Co., agents. a John it. AVbrcostor, barque, 844 tons, from London. Parbury, Lamb, and Co., agents. J Julie, American barque, for) tons, from New York.. W'iillacu, AYuneii, and Co., agents. of Lanarkshire, ship, 771 tons, Captain H. Witt from Glasgow. Messrs. D. L. Brown and Co JT agents. May, schooner, 237 tons, Captain R. Lancaster from Sydney. Peter Graham, agent. Magellan Cloud, brig, 154 tons, Captain! Matthews, from Auckland, via Thames. j Para, brig, 200 tons, Captain William Forbes for the South Sea Islands. Silvery Wave, schooner, l4 tons, Captain W J. Evans, from Townsville, via available Islands Jas. Campbell and Sons, agents. Tom Fisher, schooner, 74 tons, Captain Henry from Dungeness. 