PARISIAN NOTES. (From our own Correspondent.) FLOODS IN AUSTRIA. A considerable portion of Bohemia and many districts t of , ITpper Austria are almost com pletely inundated. The Emperor's visit to Pisek for the intended manoeuvres became a visit of sympathy to the suffering inhabitants. H13 Majesty went also to Budweis, the greater portion of which is flooded. In some of the streets the water has risen above the roofs of .the smaller dwelling! the inmates of which have had to be rescued by firemen. The town of Prague, and a number of smaller towns and villages in Bohemia, are also re ported to be endangered by the continued floods. t The railway traffic between parts of Bohemia and Upper Austria is suspended. In the neighbourhood of Liiiz and Krerns a con siderable area of land is under water. At: Saint Martin, in Upper Austria, a house fell in the other night; in consequence of the floods, and the occupier with his two childreb were buried in the ruins. The entire valley of the River Paprad, in Northern Hungary, is completely inundated in consequence of the late heavy rains. No less than six villages are under water, the inhabit ants of which have fled for refuge to the mountains. Not only are the corn crops en tirely destroyed, but also large Btores of corn and hay have been swept away by the floods. Besides the serious inundations in Bohemia, which ate interfering with the military manoeuvres, another flood has taken place near Jjinz. A few days ago the occupants of a pig sty ana a cradle with a child in it Were carried down the. Danube, but the latter was saved. Many bridges have been destroyed. ITortu natcly 110 loss of life has yet occurred. AN IMPERIAL WEDDING DRESS. The wedding dress of the Princess Letitia Bonaparte, sent to her by Empress Eugenie, was originally presented to the Empress among other gifts, by the town of Liege at her marriage to Napoleon III, The pattern of this wonderful lace dress is formpd of innumer able. violets, the favorite flower of the Bona partists, and the beautiful Spanish Princess has never worn it since her wedding day. A few weeks ago the robe, which represents a value of at least' 30,000 fr., arrived at the resi dence of Princess Letitia, at Turin, and with it a note from the Empress to the effect that she had always hoped to give the dress which she had worn during the proudest moment of ner life to the bride whom her son Louis might choose, but the Almighty had willed it other wise and she would be glad if the Princess ijetitia would wear it on her wedding day. Ihe Empress added the wish that the Princess's happiness would rest on a firmer foundation than her own had done. PECULIAR MANNER OF READING JOURNALS. The_ Governor of the Danish colony of Greenland is a wise man, as the following story, told of him in a Norwegian paper, shows: -He receives by the ship which brings him 2? Annu i suPPl,es copies of the daily papers of Copenhagen for the year preceding. He arranges these papers in the , order of their dates, and then quietly and calmly reads a paper each day, just as though it was fresh trom the press. He is sometimes sorely tempted to peer into futurity by reading some papers ahead when he comes across interesting news, but he resists the temptation, n'o matter how anxious he is to know the fate of some measure. One day's paper for each day is a rule; and so at the end of the year ne is thoroughly familiar with the news of the pre cedmg year. He says he is just as happy as press Polled each day's paper off the NAVIGABLE BALLOONS, Great progress is said to have been made in the construction of navigable balloons at the aerostatic worfehops of Calais. In a few weeks a new balloon, capable of being navigated and steered in any kind of wind, except a storm, will be sent up from the workshops. ANTI-SLAVEBY SOOIETIES. Cardinal Larigend, who is in Paris now, expresses, himself well satisfied with the result England and Belsrium. He says that he asked Belgium for a hundred volun teers, and that France will give him 700. This will suffice for a start, and the " army" will increase every day. The anti-slavery societies will be free and indfependent, like the English one, ana each will draw up its own rules and regulations. The Cardinal reckons also on urerman and Portuguese support. A GANG OP FOREIGN THIEVES. An extraordinary association of Austrian thieves, for the purpose of robbing Italian immigrants durinpr their passage through Paris, has just been discovered by the detective police of this city. The members of the ganr have their various parts allotted to them. A certain number await the arrivals and de partures of trains at the various stations and pick out the victims to be operated upon. They easily ascertain those who are open to attack, and entering into conversation with them, in veigle* hem into cafes near the station where other members of the band, called operators, succeeded in fleecine: them of their money. Three of the band have been arrested. Two j the Sfc- Lazare station, and the third at the Lyons station. CAPTIVE BALLOONS. An interesting experiment has been made at loulon, with the object of demonstrating the utility of a captive balloon in observing from a considerable height the movements of an enemy s fleet. A naval officer seated in the car of the balloon was in telegraphic communi cation with the frigate Indomptable, to the commander of which he .signalled, as if in actual warfare, all he' could observe from his elevated position. A COSTLY VOLUME. A historic relic has just turned up in Paris. 00Py°«f "the New Testament" (London, lbob) and "the whole book of Psalms" (London, 1651), done up together in a beautiful silk embroidered cover, with, on the front, a portrait of Charles I., with a moustache, but no beard, and on the reverse a charming likeness, with her many curls, of Henrietta Maria, to whom there is no doubt the volume belonged. Each portrait is surrounded by a little oval frame of silk cord, and has a border of flowers and insects at top and bottom. It has two silver clasps. The IS8 °mJheuC0,ver are of. rose- coloured silk tabby. This book, which is only five and a half inches thisk, Is in an excellent stats of preservation, ar. CHEVREUL's BIRTHDAY. l! J&J0heVr-;£Jl1 rose flbout 9 o'clock on his 108rd birthday. He appeared in good health and spirits, and received Colonel Lemot, specially deputed by the National Institute of Washing ton to offer congratulations on the anniversary. Numerous .visitors called at the residence of the distinguished veteran during the day. Among others, a deputation from the Academy &Jr; an?ther f/°m Angers, M. Chevreul's nativ eplace, and many others, all of whom were received with much courtesy by M. Chevreul the younger. Letters and tele grams came from all parts of the world, among others one from Don Pedro, the Emperor of Brazil, Presents of flowers were sent by the National Society of Agriculture, and a splenoid bouquet was sent in by the gardeners of the Gardin des Plantes. A ffTGat demonstration was made at Angers before the house m which M. Chevreul lived, in the Rue des Deux-Haies. COMMERCIAL, M. Alphonse Allard, Director of the Brussels Mint, whose writings on the effects of the demonetisation of silver in producing the pres ent depression of trade have attracted so much attention, has published a new volume on the same subject, referring specially to England and the monetary causes of the agricultural* commercial, and industrial criBia in that country, The crisis, as far as England ia con cerned, ia felt principally in her Indian trade, and is an indirect consequence of the suspen sion of the coinage of silver in countries of the Latin union, which has cauBed the value of the rupee in the exchanges to descend from the former normal value of two shillings to one shilling and fourpence. The English merchant exporting to India goods paid in rupees con sequently now receives only two-thirds of the former price, when the remittances are con verted into English money. It was supposed at the commencement of this crisis, which dated from 1873, and it was argued in the monetary conference of 1881, that the deprecia tion in the rupee would be compensated bv an equivalent rise in prices on the Indian markets, but that expectation has not been realised. The value of the rupee has remained unim paired In India, where the currency consists exclusively of silver, and the depreciation is only felt when the silver has to be converted into gold in countries having ft gold standard, and where, as in Europe, the value of silver compared with gold has fallen 38 per cent, since the mints of the countries forming the Latin union have suspended. the coinage of that metal. The remedy for the evil is, therefore, such measures as will re store silver to its former value, and the rupee exchange to its normal rate. The influence of the exchanges in inter national trade may be judged from their small variations in the commercial relations between England and Prance. If the rate of Paris or London rises only one_ per cent, above par, making the pound sterling 2ofr 47c. instead of 25fr. 22c,, a sum of 25,470tr. will be required to purchase merchandise of a value of £1,000 in London, which would have cost only 25,220fr. but for the favorable exchange. This difference of 260fr. in the cost produces the same effect in restricting imports from England as a customs duty of one per cent, in France. The effect of a difference of 88 per cent, in trade of India with England may be imagined. t The conviction that monometallisnij or a single gold standard, is responsible for much of thepresent distress is steadily making its way in England, for if gold and silver circulated on an equal footing and were both legal tenders, the impediments to international trade would disappear. Men who formerly refused even to listen to bimetallism, or admit that it was a system on which there could be two opinions, now feel their confidence shaken. Abimetallio party has been created in England and is grow ing in influence and numbers. Mr. Goschen, who, if not a declared bimetallist, expressed opinions in the monetary conference of 1878 on the danger of demonetising silver that may justify bimetallists in counting him one of themselves. Mr. Bonamy Price, formerly Professor of Political Economy at Oxford, after long op posing the views of M. Allard, ended by ad mitting to him that there was no other remedy for the commercial crisis than a return to bi metallism. Other men of high position have openly made themselves champions of the cause, and M. Allard appends to his volume some of their public declarations in which they demand the intervention of the English Gov ernment to bring about an international arrangement for the free coining of silver and the universal adoption of the double standard. M. Allard, it need scarcely be said, is an ardent bimetallist, and from his position at the head of the Brussels Mint writes with authority on the subject. 