Our renders will lie pleased to learn that the construction of tho Avoca to Ararat line nf railway will very shortly he coign, cnccd. Mr A. J?. Campbell, Shire Secretary, yesler- dny received a cniiimnnieation from Mr fi. K. IJonrcliieib ML. A., io the effect that tenders arc to be invited (lurine tlio onrlv part of next month. We learn that Mr Wetlenhall docs not in tend lo contest tlio seat Tor the Nelson J'ro- yince of Hi;. f."Kb,i„i;vUo<„,„n|i .,,,uiusc elm 1 1 mi. .Lis. Williamson, and it is more than lirobable, lliuiefore, tlmtmir esteeniod re pro sentative will bo retqrned without opposi tion. A man named William Summers, aged sixty six years, was found lying denifon Wodiiesiluy evening on the road to Itedlmnk, by Alfred Elliott, who wns coming to Avoca wiili a team . f bullocks. Summers hail been employed as cook for n number of years by .... ami,,,,, in, me .uoiiniiun tjreek stulinii, und for the lust five weeks lni'l been su imtgtlc of tbu hospital, from which insfi- I ul ion be was returning when lie died on tho road, Tlio decciisod bad fallen across a small tire which lie lupl ovj-lcntly ligh'tl to warm himself and was slightly burnt but not sufficiently tn cause bis death, which, it has been decided by Senior- Constable Ko'lly who took charge of tlio body, resulted from exhaustion. A public meeting wns held iu the Shire IJiill, on Wednesday evening, in connection with Iho proposed School of Mines, for the Maryborough District. There was a very good attendance, between thirty and forty members of the local branch of tho Nalivos' Association, putting in an appearance, in utliiiliori to which u few oC llio business people were present. This rcpresontnlivcs nltouling from Maryborough worn Mr F. Dudley, tlie delegate of ihe 1'rovinciiil Cii'nn- ci! ; Air Flohm, delegate frmn tlio .Mary- boniiigli brancli of tho Natives' Associatioii and Mr Hewitt, collector. Mr Dudley ex plained the ob jects nnd aims of the School' at length, and pointed out llio great benefits to ho derived from tho establishment of such an institution. His remarks were nbiy en dorsed hy Messrs Flohm, Grose un.l W'iul.-ly ( IJmiie bush) Green. Wardluw nnd Chellow and Mr W. W. Harris, President of Hie Avoca branch of Ihe Natives' Association, .vim ucciipiuii uic iniair. At l.lio termination of the addresses x motion was curried by ac clamation that it was desir-ihlo to round a Sclion) of Mines at Maryborough, nnd a sub committee was then appointed to canvass for subscriptions, after which tlio proceed ings terminated with votes of thanks tn tho delegatus from Maryborough and tho Chilly- inun. As wo have previously referred at length to tlkig subject, it is unnnccssary for us, to again endeavour to impress ilm im portance of tho mutter on our readers, and \vo trust thut uQthin<r Jtp'ihcr is required to induce them to respond liberally when wuilcd upon by tho iqcmbcis of tho local Committor, Bishop Thornton, of Rnlhipd, delivered a loctnro on " Centennial Stories" in the Sluro Hull on Tuesday night, when there wlisu fairly numerous attendance. Tho sub- j (ft was a very interesting one, and tlio pro ceedings wrro much enlivened with selec tions by a combined choir nnd solos from a few of our lending vocalists. Tho result of tlio effort nhi.tihl be the in-nns of cffcctin"" improvements to St. John's Oh ircli. AD's J. F. Puli'ti desires to nekllOwledgo hiving received the sum of £> from Mr 0. McGregor. Superintendent of tlio Amherst Hospital, collected hj- him from thosuigrnii, slnll, and n few residciils of Amherst, for tho children nf tlio late Mrs Humphrey, of Lump- lough. Mrs Paten also desires into state I that tlieamount will Iip expended to tlie best I advantage for the benefit of those tor whom it has been collected. Portions of llio State of Colorado are re ported us absolutely parcliod up. Outtlo wore Marking in July. Tlio drought ox L n In from the Rocky Mountains eastward I tfi fiddle Kaqsgs. We are in receipt of n pootioal effusion, by " Sanco," on the result of tlie recent Shire election, but owing lo tlio length of timo that lias since elapse I, we do not con sider it advisable to publish tho same. Hc-rr Werhner, specialist, notifies else where that he is prepared toguahintee.aciirc in every case in- undertakes, and thai persons living at a distance may consult him by letter free of charge. Merry and Syiuo (late Hillirty and Gotir- lay) 31 King St. report The chart mar ket remains about tho same as last week. We have a good inquiry for best, coo I sound samples green, nnd in good con litiori, fetch ing up to £3. Second quality, £> 1 I t ' C3 12s (I I and lower qualities from C3 0( 01 All quotations, bags included. In feeding grains wu have lo rcpnt a slight advance in bats, Now Zealand, fetching up to C3 2s 2d. Stout feed (Victorian), 3s Id ; Danish, 2s I id to 3s ; mixed lots, good feed. 2s 'J.I ; Culcuttas, 2s Id to 2s 3d. I'eas tiim at 2s !)! ; Maize 3» !ld for sound. We have received from Messrs Gordon und Gotch a copy of the second edition of 'heir " Australasian Newspaper Directory.'' The primary object of the publishers is to enable their clients to select newspapers suitable for tlie insertion of flioir advor tisirig fayors, and in this tlioy have suc ceeded most admirably, the publication, which extends over 1.33 pages, presenting a complete and wullrnrrunged record of the Vic torian, New Son til Wales, .South Australian. Queensland, West Australian, Tustnuniati, New Zealand, and Polynesian press, us also an historical sketch of the rise and progress of the press in Australasia, the various pio- nuor journals as a rule being mentioned in tho order of their foundation. There is i good deal of interesting sialislic.il information given in connection with the subject, and nl- loguLher the " Directory" will no doubt ho found most serviceable for the purpose for which it is designed. At thu oidinary meeting of tho Wimoieru United Waterworks Trust it was decided to present a petition for an irrigation and water supply district and ImihL The engineer lc ported haying mode a preliminary survey for water storage at Lake Lonsdale, which would have a capaeily of 'Jel),tl'J!),0()0 gall-ins, und which the Government would lie urged to construct. It is estim ited that 30,2-10 acres una lie beneficially irrigated by the proposed and existing schemes. Mr Hallows, the delegate lo B.ollarat from the Melbourne Bricklayers' Society, arrived in the city -on Wednesday evening, an i yes terday he conferred with the bricklayers on strike. Allowances from the Melnourm: so ciety were paid during the afternoon. Mr Hallows state I that ho can, if required, fin I work at union rates and hours for 2,b men in Melbourne, but thu No. I Branch would for the present like tin; strikers to remain in B d- lurat, on behalf of trade interests, and while they rem lin they will he allowed strike pay from Melbourne. Five of tho Ballarat men have already obtained employment in Al el- bourne at their trade. Tlie contractors arc- determined to resist the lemands of the men, ami they are endoa vot ing to engage hands in Melbourne, Sydney and Adelaide. The ho ly of a woman terribly decomposed was found in the Yarra to-day "near Princes Bridge. From papers found upon her, it is believed she was a Mrs Ham- 1 llarrell, wbo has recently been lodging with a Airs Jack son at St Kildu, One of the (hicuiiiuntH in her pocket was signed hy Air D. S. Lowe, minister qf the Weslcyan Methodist Churoli at St. Kilda. and certified that she had been admitted to tlie church on trial. ft will he remembered thai about a year ago II collision occurred at the Heads between the British ships Victoria Hegina and Persian Empire, the latter being so securely damaged that she ha.l Lo put hack to Melbourne for repairs, ft appears that the Board of Trade iu England have held an enquiry in the mat ter, and ufler hearing tlio evidence of the ofiieers ol. the Persian Empire, refuse I to concur with their view that the fault lay with the Victoria Region. It is said that the damage utilised to tlio Persian Umpire n-.-ees- sifnled an nul.lnv of £3.1)0.) to mmo'r- it. \ cstorduy s " Herald" says " Mr Jus tice Williams was asked to day hy Mr Keily, barrister, to grant a warrant for the arrest of Mother Gertrude, of tlio Convent Suhoot of -St. Ignatius, Richmond, ft appeared thai the. mother of a child, named Alice Christina Fanning, who is an inmate of the Convent, wishes to get her daughter, and obtained a writ nf hubem corpus, calling on the reverend Mother to produce tin; body of till (llllfl flllll ?lv .illll fll/l llrtl ,1.. ..n <1- t ...... ,,|.4 1,1, p,,j um Sl||. plication for a warrant was made. Mr Wilkinson, who appeared in opposition to llio application, took thu objection thai tlie oiigina! writ hud not been served on the de fendants, and His Honor, holding this ob jection to be fatal, dismissed tlio applica- ipn." Samuel M'Caughey, of Melbourne, was interviewed at New York on 22nd July. H,. gave an interesting account of the status of tho wool business iu thu Australian colonies. If the American tariff were taken off, wooi of Australian product will ho worth u cants mora per lb. at once, und American wool will fall f> cents. fn the divorco case, Folsotn v. Folsotn, brought iu New York on the loth Jrly) Bret llarto is included as the ilislurbinn-' cause. Aft- Folsoui grew jnalnus of the " Pout of the Sierras" as long ago as J 87-1 when lie lived in Fifth Avenue. ' About 12 years ago a innrriago took place in Melbourne, und a room was engaged for tlie couple at Alexander's hotel. Before re tiring thu newly-mafic husband asked his bride for her purse, am! getting it, proccoded downstairs and never went up again, lie oleared for Guam, and that was the last sight his lirido ever hud of him. A couple of years ago lie was killed whilst ri ling „ steeple chase at. Jtiiiidwiek. After he left the hotel on his wedding night a settled melancholy f fllll. tlfl JOflLif ItV.l j-«f- J li.h I. >!.!.. _ - . - t t I . t ut »uo utiuc, mm un»iy it nas developed into a dangerous form of insanity. Tlie other day she was consigned hy magis terial order to tlie Ararat Asylum. Truth is still stronger than fiction. A sad accident happened recently at AVio- ner Ncustiult, where nn excursion van con taining 1J. children was driven over u preci pice. The coachman was killed, and all tlio children sustained frightful injuries. Al a well attended meoting of tlie Con- gupua Fanners' Ghib a resolution was passed to the effect that tlie budget proposals of tlio Government were very unsatisfactory to the farming comiminily, and in tho event of Ministers not conceding tiie demands of the cqunlry party tlio members' for tlio district be requested to cross tho tloor of tho House. At tho meeting MrG. Graluim, JI.L A., de clare, 1 that though ho ha.l a lot to lose hy the Government going out, as tlio Electoral Bill would go with it, ho was dolciinincd to sup port the present Government only on con dition that tho duties demanded in tho in terests nf the faruiors were increased. A cloud hurst ill Western AGrginia swept over one hundred miles of agricultural coun- try hare ot all vegetation. Thirty lives were lost, mid maiiy emtio. Mack, tlm Australian swimming champion was defeated by Thomas Riley, for the American championship, at Saco, Maine, on 10:h July. The race was for Uvo miles, Tho .State Department of Washington are daily expecting news of flic ratification of the Uhinese treaty by the Chiuose Govern ment. An !' old man" kangaroo, standing seven feot high, weighing 230 lbs, the tail at tho butt being us thick as a mini's thigh, was on Jfouday killed at joqgt Franklju. . ' ' " I From Alhury, a telegram appears in the "Age," which states that a gentleman in terested in the grazing industry baa just re turned from tiio hack country. He says that one hundred miles norlh of Hay the rabbits have taken possession of tlie country, awbhave eaten up every greenjhing, so that Hocks und herds are on the verge of starva tion. There lias been no rain to speak of during this year, and famine would have been created long ere now but for the coarae vegetation caused hy last year's rains. The hordes of rabbits are compared to thu undu lating swell of the ocean. They are so weak that t cy cannot get out nf one's way. Hun dreds can In; knocked down with n wa-hly. On Aroinhiv morning two miners had a very narrow escape from deathatthc United Devonshire initio. They were being hauled up to tlie 1280 feet level hy the winch, and tho bucket was hauled up to llio wheel by the lal driving tho winch. The men, see ing the dancer, abandoned the bucket, and clung on to the framework of tlie pulley, otherwise they would have fallen 200 feet down the shaft. The authorities of the Vostal department have received a letter from Ihe oxcuutivo commissioners of tho Melbourne Centennial j Exhibition informing them lliat. the passage within that building leading from tlie main I lull to the annexes may be called f'o-l-Oifiee place. In this quarter of the premises the Exhibit 'oi post, telegraph and telephone ollioes aro situated. The Commissioners have undertaken to oroet notice boards in various portions of tlie building to direct thn pnjilic to the locality. Tho department desires it to bo known that any person inny utilise the telephone for oommnniealing with sub- surihois through the Exchange free of cost. There is not tho slightest doubt in tlie world, says tlie Atolbouriio correspondent of the " Al. &. D. Advoriiser" but that some people will benefit — and ben, -fit greatly — by tlie Exhibition. The largest gainer. J. lake it, will he that smart American, Harrison, I who runs the Switchback Railway. Let me, I however, first explain lo you what n Switch- j hack is, for I do not think I have done so j yet, and some of my n ailers may not have , seen one. It is simply a short double line | of rails eroded some 2d or 3d feet above tho ; ground. But instead of the floor being level j there aro throe steep descents and three j corresponding uscnuts. Tho car starts down i hill by ils own gravity, ami the impetus is I strong enouji to sen I it up the correspond ! inj ascent. Then it whizzes down the next hill, mounts again, rallies down a third des cent, up again, ol rutin lout. The return ear conies luck on a different line. The little journey takes about thiuo minutes, and tlio charge is sixpence. 1 really congratulate the smart Yankee on his having such a gooil Uiing on hand, and if he does not make a fortune out of Ihe Switchback, I feel sure that he will at all events make three-quar ters of one. Really, f think tlie commis sioners must he mad to let liiin make such a charge, for in Sydney one can enjoy a „imi- lar ride £ r a pi nny. Harrison had to re move hia elevated niinialurc railroad from where lie first put it, and manage I to get a substantial set. off as damages for losi of lime and custom, so that, altogether, he lias ! got lo the windward of die Gominissiouers in line style. Tlie postal authorities are in receipt of in formation from Berne of a new means of telegraphic comninnieatioii with lY-iu. Message-, sent by this route, namely via Valentia and Jamaica to Arequipa, will he charged 2-ls Li per word, and lo Aloilondo 2os-ld. per word. Fur the. benefit of tho public, it may he painted out that Ihis is merely useful as nn alternative route iu Ihe event of other coiiimmiicutioiis failing. The cheapest way i, sending to I'eruvian stations is via London and Galveston, the piicc to Arequipa being 2Us Id per word, ami lo Mol- loiido an I other places 20s I Id per word. Tim excessive immigration of Italians into New York is causing trouliie ; 8UUU are re ported to ho starving in that city. Tho con tract for the construction ot the cinal across the Isthmus of Tetiiantepno has been »"",l.i,l io Ho, Ail.oitio iiinl JMt-iiic Con struction Company, and was signed on 11 lb July. Tho consl motion hands are to ho place I on the European markets. Robert Black, an Englishman, attempted In go through the whirlpools of Niagara in a small boat in the presence of I ( i,1 iOi> people, lie was drowned. As the craft entered ihe whirlpool it was thrown on its end, then the mighty waters closed over it. Again it righted only to he tossed and thrown about, icing uiiany losi, wncn neany uirougli the worst of it. 