THE NORTUIIUhBRIAN BURR. AN ordinary monthly meeting of the Now castle Society of Antiquaries was recently heold in the Old Castle, Newcastle on-Tyno, Dr. Bruce being in the chair. Dr. Embleton read a very interesting paper on the New castle "'burr." 1He said that two of the peculiarities of the dialect, viz.:-]st, the pronunciation of the letter " r," called the " burr," or !' borr"; and 2nd, the pronuncia tion of the letter "o," were the prmncipal subjects ofethe paper. Like every other lan guagoe and dialect, that of Newsacstle had sufforedd and was still suffering fronm the wear and tear of time and the advanco of civilisation, and had been notably modified during the list half century, owing to the extension of railway communication, and the consequent influx of other dialects, and to the spread of .education. Notwithstanding these, aii jior?iaps other agencies, the old dialect;' it its tiwo forms - Novoneatrian and Northumbrian, the difference between which'it was soimeowhat difflicult to describo would die hard. It impressed itself more or less strongly upon all immigrants and their descendants of the working classes, who imbibe it from their associates, and one met with many adults havins Scotch or TriRhl names who had learned to " burr" like natives of the " canny toon." Some of the uncouth words had disappeared- dropped out of use, and others more polished had been adopted instead. The Newcastle dialect held both Ibanks of the Tyne, especially from Blaydon to North and South Shields. Each of thoso maritime ports hald somewhat of the Newcastle pronunciation, but also one peculiar to itself in which was io ' burr," and that might be accounted for by their continual in tercourse with their compatriots of other ports and with foreigners. In Sunderland there existed a peculiar non-burring pronunciation, which was owing to foreign and D)urham inc fluences. The Novocastrian dialect was audible in various parts of the continents of Europe, Asia, Africa, and America, especi ally where there wore steam-boats on which the words of command were given in it as "Torn eeood," " case 'or," "stop 'or." Tlhes terms had been generally adopted in the ports where there were steamers, and he had heard them oni the coasts of thi Modi terranean and of Madeira. The question now arose what or whence was the origin of theo Newcastloe" burE." Thel burr" was not aCeoltio peculiarity loft by the Britons. It must have been brought to us by immnigrants from the east side of the North Sea. It did not seem to be an extravagant supposition that during the long lingual transition since the 11th century, the old Icelandic trill gave pl ice to the " burr " in D)omnark, and then in Norway, and that it was introduced to Tyneside mid Northumberland by immigrants from one or other of those countries. Our "burr," therefore, might not be older than the 12th or 13t.h century. In Copenhagen, and over the islands Zealand, Funen, and ,Tutland, the Swedish provinces, and in Nor way, the " burr" was now the correct pro nunciation among educated people, and was to be heard from the pulpit and on the stage. . Tihe other principal peculiarity of Novoeas trian and Northumbrian speech was the pro nunciation of the letter "o." This corres ponded to the Danish " o " with an oblique line through it, this implying that the "o" must be pronouneol Ilko the French euaferme, as in the words den.re, esusuea, boalneurs, &o.; It was exactly thus that the letter " o " was pronounced ina Noewcastlo. To the Danish invaders or settlers we owed, no doubt, also this peculiarity in addition to the "burr."- D)r. Bruce iproposed a vote of thanks to Dr. Embloton for his interesting paper, and, Dr. HIodghin seconding, the proposition was heartily carried.-NYewcastle Ohronsiclo. 