SHIPPING. June (I.-OOLGOA, H., 63 tons, Captain A. Goodall, from Noosa, passengers : Mini M'Dcnnott, Messrs. J. Grey, T. Brmneiri, W. Urniiietri, T. A. Phillips, A Alder, J". Lovelock, T. E. O'lhiscoll, and 0 in the steerage. McGhie, Luya, and Co., agents. DEPARTURE. Julinu.-LADYMUSGRA.VK, a., 150 tons, Captain W., J. Collin, for Bundaberg. Passengers : Mrs. Collin, Captain Collin, Messrs. Sutton, Wilson, Stirluu;, Tabor, Russians, AVarrcn, Johnson, and 6 in the steerage. Win. Collin, Durant. ENTERED INWARDS. June 0. EMANUEL, Jiotoli, 84 tons, Captain Charles Johnson, from Nambucca, with timber. J. It. Maynard, agent. June eSCORT, «., 02 tons, Captain Walter Graham, from the Tweed River with timber. The South Brisbane Saw-mill Company, agents. CLEARED. June p.- SCOUT, a., 62 tons, Captain Walter Graham, for the Brunswick River, with 2 cases ginger ale, 2 cups tweed suits, 1 case milk, 1 hair and 601. salt beef and sundries. The South Brisbane Saw-mill Company, Limited, agents. Juno I).-J5ANRAK, barque, 698 tons, Captain A. Mathieson, for Sydney in ballast. IMPORTS. [A special charge made on consignees'' announcements entered in this column Scout, a from the Tweed River : 36 logs timber. Emmanuel, ketch, from Nambucca, N.S.W.: 31,3 25ft. sawn hardwood. STEAMERS DUE. From Sydney. Burwah, Warrego, and AVy Tullah to-day, and Egmont to-morrow evening. From Cooktown, via! intermediate ports. Cintra this morning. From Rockhampton and Maryborough Ro- done this morning. From Bundaberg and Maryborough Yaralla to-day. STEAMER LEAVING. For Sydney. Cintra and Rodondo at noon to-morrow. For Maryborough and Bundaberg-Yaralla at 3 p.m. to-morrow. SHIPPING MOVEMENTS. liTJEENSIiAND Alice Mary, barque, is still at Cooktown Archer modes, schooner, is still at Mackay Agnes, schooner, from Townsville, arrived in Mary seriousness Thursday last Ariel, labour schooner, 13 still at Bundaberg Adonis, s , left Mary borough on Tuesday for He tobacco Afghan, s, from Sydney foi Hongkong, via ports, passed Double Island Point on Friday morning Barcoo, s , from Brisbane, left Sydney on Tuesday, and is due 111 Moll ourne to-day She leaves on Saturday for Cooktown Balmain, s, for Townsville, via ports, was due in Mary borough yesterday afternoon, and probably left in the evening Barrabool, s for Melbourne, is due 1913 dney to-day, and leaves on Saturday Birksgate, s, from Normanton for Bmbimo, via ports, arrived off Townsville at 3 1111 yesterday, left the M 30 p in and is due 1916 on Saturday Burwah, s , from Melbourne, left Sydney on Tuesday, and is due here to-day Bessie Maud, schooner, leaves shortly for Port Douglas and Cooktown, with cargo consisting principally of bridge material for the Annam River Budge Balgarrj, barque, is still at Kimberley Borough Belle, schooner, is still at Mackay Bertha, schooner, is now fit Ki barley Barrangarry, ketch, for Nambucca in ballast, left the Brisbane roadstead on Saturday afternoon City of Melbourne, a , is still 111 port Coomba, ketch, left Townsville early yesterday morning for Maryborough Culgoa, s , arrived here yesterday of romNoosti, and leaves this if ternoon on her return trip Clansman,bugautme, for Normanton, cleared Moreton Bay last Sunday week Cr moline, schooner, is still in Maryborough C Walker, schooner left Townsville last Tuesday week for Port Macquarie. Cintra, s , from Cooktown, left Keppel ii by early yesterday morning, and is due here this morning She leaves at noon to-morrow for Sydney and Melbourne Charles and Arthur, schooner, has been chartered by Messrs Brydon, Jones, and Co to load for Melbourne Derwent, s, is now in Sydney Duke, ((corner, is still at Cooktown. Duke of Buccleuch, B I.S N Company 's supplementary steamer, leaves to morrow for New castle, where she will take 111 a full cargo of coals for Batavia Dancing Wave, schooner, is now 111 Maryborough Boon, barque, outward bound from Rockhampton, is now lying at anchor off Seaview Hill, Keppel Bay Duke of Sutherland, B.I.S.N. Company's supplementary steamer, from London for Brisbane, via ports, with passengers, immigrants, and agcneialcargo arrived off Cook- town at Sani yesterday, probably left in the afternoon, and is due 111 Cleveland Bay to day I lamana;, s., for Melbourne, is due in Sydney to-day, and leaves on Saturday Eulimbi 1, a, from Cooktown, for Brisbane, Sydney and Melbourne, via ports, arrived at Cairns at 10 a m yesterday. Egmont, s probably left Sydney ves today for Rockhampton, and is due here 10 morrow evening Emmanuel, ketch, from Nambucca, with timber, was reported at the Customs yesterday Fitzroy, s for Rockhampton, arrived 111 Mary borough at midday yesterday, and probably left ' in the evening I Franz, schooner, left Cairns last Tuesday week for Melbourne Friendship, schooner, is now at Townsville Glanworth, s from Brisbane, left Bundaberg j yesterday morning, and is due in Rockhampton this morning Gazelle, barque, is still at Townsville Giffin, schooner, is still at Cooktown Gayundah, gunboat, arrived at Dungeness not of am on Sunday from townsville Henrietta, schooner, arrived at Bowen on Saturday afternoon, from Brisbane Holley Bay Roy, schooner, for Normanton, cleared Cape Moreton last Wednesday week Helen, barque, is now on her way from Adelaide for Brisbane She passed Gabo Island on Mon- day) afternoon Isle of Anglesea, barque, is now lying at Messrs T AV button and Co's wharf, even game Point, where she is being fitted with a new non bowsprit Jennie Scott, ketch from Maryborough for Townsville, cleared Woody Island last Thursday) morning Kenilworth, schooner, is now bound from Cooktown for Maryborough. Katoomba, s , is now in Sydney Konoowarra, s, left Sydney) on Tuesday), and is due in Melbourne no lo morrow She leaves on Saturday) for Rock hampton Leura, s , left Melbourne on Tuesday for Brisbane, is due in Sydney to-day, and leaves on Saturday Lavinia, schooner, left Mackay) yesterday week for the South Sea Islands I am) Musgrave, s, left yesterday) afternoon loi'Buu daberg, where she is due this evening Lismore, schooner, aimed at But I I borough on Friday) from Townsville Lalla Rookh, schooner, left But ketch n on Saturday for Thursday Island Lucinda Government steam ) salt, probably left Maryborough )C3toibi) afternoon for Hus band and is due here to do) Lucy and Adelaide, schooner, left Townsville on Tuesday) morning for Maryborough Mr and is from Brisbane, and oil off Louis- ville at 12 30 a in on Tuesday), piobiblyloft)os to-day afternoon, and is due at Cooktown to-mor low morning Bill) How or, schooner, left Cooktown last Saturday) we eel. for Maryborough MnyQiioon, schooner, is now on her way home 1O\MH>VI11O to Brisbane Marion, schooner, is now bound from Townsville for Maryborough Sim garita, barque, is still in port Moonta schooner is now in Maryborough May the Lord, schooner from Maryborough for Townsville, cleared Woody) Island last firms day morning Menmuir, s , from S) (Ino) for Hongkong, via ports, left Cooktown on Saturday) Mary Peverley, schooner, left Townsville on Friday afternoon for Normanton Nairnshire, barque, for Newcastle in sand ballast, left the roadstead at li 50in on Easter day, and cleared Cape Moreton at 2 10 p m Nellie, schooner, for Cairns, with cargo, club ed Moreton Bay) on Sunday morning Orange Grove, barque, is still in port Parnell, schooner, is still at Townsville Polly, s , from Maryborough, was due in Hookhiuup ton on Tuesday night Platypus, steam dredge, from Gan as for Brisbane, arrived off Townsville yesterday morning, and left at 12 30 p in Quiraing, s for Cooktown, via ports, was due in Keppel Bay) last evening Quetta, BISN Company's It As b It to us on Tuesday night for London, MR. ports Ranelagh, s, was due at Sydney) yesteday), and leaves to-morrow for Rockhampton Rock ton, s for Thursday) Island and Normanton, via ports, left Townsville at 11 10 am yesterday, and is due off Cooktown this morning Rodondo, s , from Rockhampton, may set in Maryborough yesterday) morning, and is due here thisnioimu^ She leaves at noon to-morrow for Sydney ; and Melbourne Remus, barque, from Liver pool, is now discharging at Messrs T china, Lamb, and Co's wharf, Duke-street social Duke, schooner, left Maryborough ) yesterday w nek for Townsville Silvery Wave, schooner, is now in port Small Pile, schooner, is still at Townsville Scottish Bard, barque, is now in Maryborough Samuel, H M gunboat, from Brisbane for New Guinea, arrived at Cooktown on Saturday morning S A Hayward ketch, is now at Townsville Scottish Admiral barque, from Glasgow, is now dunhill wing at Messrs D L Brown and Co's Show as a cot with a Soi foreign, ss Boonah; and lived at lowusvilloyoslculiy week from AVhitsuuduy P message The Queen, schooner, for Brisbane, in ballast, arrived at Port Macquarie at lib p.m. on Sunday I sin iii, s, from Sydney foi Hongkong, via ports, left Cooktown on Tuesday afternoon Lulu Fisher, schooner, arrived at Townsville on Sunday afternoon from Brisbane with an go Victoria, is probably left Melbourne yesterday for Cooktown, via ports, is made in Sydney to-morrow, and leaves on Saturday Warrego, s, from Melbourne, left Sydney on Tuesday, and is due here to-day She leaves at noon on Sat inlay for Cooktown AVaiigiiuui, schooner, leaves shortly for Normanton Whaup, ketch, left Maryborough on Tuesday for Bowen, AA OBIOITI Star, schooner, from Sydney, left Dungeness early on Tuesday morning for Geraldton. Wawoon, s , arrived in Bundaberg on Monday morning from Baffle dock AVy lallah, s , (oft Sydney on Monday for Brisbane, and should arrive here to- day You Yangs, s , left Townsville at 4 30 p m on Tuesday on her return trip to Brisbane, via ports, and arrived off Flat-top Fund at noon yesterday She left at 4 p in and is due in Rockhampton to day Yaralla, s , left Bundaberg at 30 a m yesterday for Brisbane, was due in Maryborough in the afternoon, and should an no home to-day She leaves at 3 pm to morrow on her return trip INTERCOLONIAL Aigomciil, ship, left Melbourne on Tuesday for Newcastle Adelaide, a, left Melbourne on Tuesday for Sydney, where she is due to-day Ballaarat, P. and O Company's R M.S , arrived in Sydney on Tuesday from London, via ports Crown of Scotland, Burn, left Melbourne on Tuesday for Newcastle. Chingtu, s , arrived in Sydney yesterday morning from Hongkong, via! limits Edward O'Brien, ship, arrived in Sydney yesterday morning from San Francisco. Fiona, s , left Sydney on Tuesday for Melbourne, where she is due this evening Galatea, ship, left Melbourne on Tuesday for Newcastle. Kilkeian, ship, left Melbourne on Tuesday for Newcastle Konoowarra, s , left Sydney on Tuesday for Melbourne, where she is due this evening. Leouoi left Melbourne on Tuesday for Newcastle. Minnie Hive, barque, arrived in Sydney on Tuesday' from Sharpness. Roman Empire ship, left Melbourne on Tuesday for Newcastle Sir Walter Raleigh, ship, arrived in Sydney on Tuesday from London. Tannadice, E. and A Company's s , arrived in Sydney on Tuesday from Hongkong via ports Waihora, s., arrived in Melbourne yesterday morning from New Zealand. AVoouooia, s, left Sydney on Tuesday for New Caledonia. Yeoman, s, left Sydney on Tuesday for London. Yarra, French mail steamer, from Marseilles via ports for Sydney, arrived at Adelaide on Tuesday. VESSELS TO ARRIVE -JOTTF 6 Alexandra, ship 1352 tons from London, for Brisbane Sailed 13th February Subsequently put into Madeira disabled and returned to London to refit Abeona, barque, from London for Brisbane Loading 23rd April Ardmore, ship, 692 tons, from London, for Brisbane hailed 12th March, and left Start Point on the 16th Burns Philp and Co , agent, Aiciduca Rololfa Austrian barque, 180 tons from London for Brisbane Salle 17th March, and anchored off Bowen on the 6th, leaking In Portland Roads 15th March Barunga, barque 1030 tons, from Liverpool for Brisbane Sailed 17th March Bertha German barque, 867 tons, from New York for Blisl mo Sailed 31st March Quinlan, Gray, and Co., Limited, agents C Tobias barque, 830 tons, from London, for Brisbane Loading Messrs. Burns, Philp, and Co , agents Charcoal Norwegian barque, 726 tons from Puget Sound for Townsville Loading in March GlaaM'Leod barque 673 tons from New York for Brisbane to sail 20th May eli Chili, barque 968 tons, from London, for Cairns Sailed 8th 1 February and was spoken on the 6th March, last deg N and long 25deg AV Cloncurry, s, from London for Brisbane via ports To sail 15th May The BI and Q A. Company, Limited managing agents Duke of Devonshire, s from London for Brisbane via ports To sail 12th June The BI and Q A Companj, Limited, managing agents Dorunda, BISN Company's RMS, from London for Brisbane, via j of its Suli d 2nd May The L L and Q.A. Company, Limited, lnaingmga'cuts Duke of S Priori and, BISN Company's supplement iry steamer, 2034 tons, from London for Brisbane, via ports Sailed 17th April, via Suez 3rd May The B L and Q.A. Company, Limited, managing agents Electra ship COS tons, from Glasgow for Ens bane Sailed 17th March Messrs T) L Brown and Co., agents. Francisco Gotusso, barque, 427 tons, from . Glasgow, for Brisbane. Sailed 22nd February. Messrs. D. L. Brown and Co., agents. Glenrosa, ship, 835 tons, from London for Brisbane. Sailed on the 25th March, and anchored in the Downs on the 26th, thence 27th. Glenhuntly, barque, 547 tons, Captain John Bidwell, from New York for Brisbane. Sailed on the 19th April. Messrs. Aplin, Brown, and Co., agents. Gryfe, ship, 1069 tons, from Glasgow, for' Brisbane Sailed on the 12th April, and left Greenock on the 13th. Messrs. D. L. Brown and Co., agents. ' ' Guyana, barque, 593 tons, from London for Townsville. Sailed on the 13th April, and passed Deal same date. Heinrich Bauer, German ship, 571 tons, from Hamburg for Brisbane. Loading 17th February, one, barque, 520 tons, from London, for Townsville. Sailed on the 21st March. Iron Crag, barque, 327 tons, from London for Brisbane. Sailed 17th March. Messrs. Parbury, Lamb, and Co., agents. Jimmu, B.I.S.N. Company's R.M.S., 5000 tons, from London for Brisbane, via ports. To sail on the 20th August. The B.I. and Q.A. Company, Limited, managing agents. Ladstock, barque, 316 tons, from London for Brisbane. Sailed 31st March. Quinlan, Gray, and Co., agents. Lake Simcoe, barque, 331 tons, from London, for Mackay. Sailed on the 24th February, and passed Deal on the 25th. Low- Wood, American barque, 1091 tons, from New York for Brisbane, via Adelaide. Cleared 30th March. Wallace, Warren, and Co., agents. La Francis, barque, from New York, for Brisbane. Parbury, Lamb, and Co., agents. Margaretha,' German barque, 747 tons, from London for Rockhampton. Sailed on the 16th April, and anchored in the Downs on the 17th, thence 29th. Merkara, B.I.S.N. Company's R.M.S., 3094 tons, from London for Brisbane, via ports. To sail 24th July. The B.I. and Q.A. Company, Limited, managing agents. Oamaru, brigantine 150 tons, from Auckland for Brisbane, Sailed Kith April. Orion, norman barque, 300 tons, from Hamburg, for Brisbane. Sailed 3rd April. Messrs. D. L. Brown and Co., agents. Peru, barque, 68 tons, from London for Brisbane, sailed prior to the 16th April. ltoiiionstriint, barque, 1065 tons, from Maryport for Maryborough. To sail 10th April. Ronfimvi.liii'0, ship, 898 tales, from Glasgow for Brisbane. To sail 30th April. River Indus, ship, 1065 tons, from Liverpool, for Bi'iobmm. To sail 10th April. Parbury, Lamb, and Co., agents. Suofrid, Norwegian barque, 520 tons, from Boston, for Brisbane. Sailed 23rd February. Scottish Lassie," barque, 352 Lotta, from London, for Maryborough. Sailed 3rd March, and was ubi Plymouth on the 5th March, thence 14th. Shalimar, barque, 985 tons, from London for Brisbane, sailed on the 14th April. Taroba, B.I.S.N. Company's B.M.S., 6000 tons, from London for Brisbane, via ports. To sail 30th June. The B.I. and QA. Company', Limited, managing agents. Victoria Nyanza, ship, 1222 tons, from London for Brisbane. Lou King on the 21st April. Wave Queen, barque, 353 tons, from London for Brisbane. To sail 25th April. AVillio McLaren, barque, 500 tons, Captain W. Lnidiniin, from Puget Sound for Normanton. Loading 1st April. Burns, Philp, and Co., ttgOllll). VESSELS IN ILiRBOeiR.-JtraE 5. Bnlcnvry, barque, 491 tons, from London at Normanton. Burns, Philp, and Co., agents. Charles and Arthur, schooner, 170 tons, Captain Charles a. Regent, for Melbourne. Brydon, Jones, and Co., agents. Duke of Buccleuch, B.I.S.N. Company's s,, 1942 tons, Captain Langlois, from London, via ports. The B.I. and Q.A. Company, Limited, infringing agents. Flora, schooner, 114 tons, from the South Sea Islands, via Mackay. Parbury, Lamb, and Co., agents. G agallo, barque, 336 tons. Captain V. Murray from London at Townsville. Burns, Philp and Co., agents. Isle of Anglesea, barque, 725 tons, from Liverpool. Parbury, Lamb, and Co., agents. Margarita, barque, 700 tons, from Port Gamble. James Campbell and Sons, agents. Orange Grove, barque, 385 tons. Captain .Gramltio, from Port Pirie; The Adelaide Milling and Mercantile Company, Limited, agents. Para, brig, 252 tons, Captain William Forbes, for the South Sea Islands. Quatta, B.I.S.N Company's R.M.S., Captain J. E. Withers, for London, via ports. The B.I. and Q.A. Company, Limited, managing agents. Botiiua, barque, 737 tons, from Liverpool. Quinlan, Gray, and Co., agents. Scottish Bard, barque, 810 tons, from London at Maryborough. Scottish Admiral, ship), 989 tons, Captain Ross, from Glasgow. Messrs. D. L. Brown and Co., agents. Silvery Wave, schooner, 101 tons, Captain W. J. Evans, from Townsville, via Marble Island. James Campbell and Sons, agents. Vorihindi, Danish schooner, 299 tons, Captain F. Bwysor, from London at Cooktown. Burns, Philp), and Co., agents. wanganui, schooner, 78 tons, Captain James, Duncan, for Normanton. Zanralc, Norwegian barque, 595 tons, from New York. Aplin, Brown, and Co., agents. SHIP MAILS. Mn his will be made up and closeness the General Post Office as under: TEWANTIN. ONE-MILE, AND GYMPIE.-Per Culgoa, s., at 3.15 p.m. to-day (Thursday). MABYnoiiOuoir, GYMPIIS, O-vn-aniE, AND BTW DAiiKiia.-Por Burwah, s., al 4.15 p.m. to-morrow (Friday). Gr,A.I)8T0NE, ROCKHAMPTON, AND NORTHERN POIITG.-Per Warrego, s., at 11.15 a.m. on Saturday BuNDAimim, MAEYiioROuait, GYMPIE, ONE MILE!, Gl.ATlSTONK, AMI ROOKKAMM.-OX.-Per Egmont, s., at 2.15 p.m. on Saturday. 