BALLARAT CHRONICLES AND PICTURES. BY W. B. WITHERS. Author of the “History of “Reminiscences,” “Eustace Hopkins," “The Westons,” &C.;, &c.; The shores of Lake Wendouree were before the eighties, the site of the Anglican and Roman bishops Palaces and part of the St. Mary’s Mount Con- vent. This last was originally a private house built for E. A. .Wynne, and the loftier portions have lately been added by the con- vent owners. The Roman bishop's palace was built for the first bishop (O'Connor), but the Anglican bishop’s palace was a private house built for a bank manager, named Malcolm Morrison. The towered building nearly opposite to the Roman bishop’s palace, and lately purchased by Bishop Moore for an ecclesiastical college, was built in the late sixties or early seventies for Mr Richard Tunbridge, and the scorners of that day called it “ Tunbridge's folly." It had several changes of ownership between then and now. The house now owned by Mr T. D. Wanliss, east of the college, was built about the same time for the late Henry Salmon, then of the firm Bradshaw, Salmon, M’Laverty, and Leake. He resided there till he died hurriedly one day. One of his hobbies was the sweepiug of his own chimneys with a mechanical apparatus over whose use and keeping he watched with more care than over his life. He was one of the early pioneers, small in body, rubicund in com plexion, and of even tragic energy. Beaufort House, the home of Mr Henry Cuthbert, was built about the same time. It is situated on the Burrumbeet road, just outside the western boundary of the city, and on the eastern edge of Ballaratshire. There came tollgates about that time, and Mr Cuthbert fought a stout fight with the shire council on the tollgate question, the gate being erected on the shire edge and on the Ballarat side of Beaufort House. As the attorney going to and from the city he claimed exemption from toll, because the gate was at his very door, so to speak, but the couuoil demurred, and so he compounded for an annual payment agreed on. But he was not only learned in the law. He was learned, or learning, in horticulture or agriculture, and he declared for a free dung cart, just as the Hon. Henry Cuthbert, M.L.C., Minister of Justice in the Gillies-Deakin Cabinet, has lately declared for a fiscally free breakfast table. But, just as certain professors of the " dismal science” have protested against the fiscal policy of the Government of to-day, so the shire council protested a decade or two ago against the free manure transit policy of the gardener or farmer of Beaufort House. Mr Cuthbert, however, carried the battle into the Supreme Court, had as his counsel the late Mr Justice Fellowes, and won. But the victory cost him close on £50, or the sum of say, 2000 sixpenny tolls at a load a week, or something like 40 years’ pur chase. But then it was a victory, and like a thing of beauty, no doubt, a joy for ever. In the eighties were also built the State school on the south side of the lake, Anderson’s house on the same side, Hamilton’s on the west, M'Leod’s on the north side, and a host of less costly private houses on all the shore sides. There has been delay in building operations lately, owing to the exhaustion of the Redan quar ries of their better masses of solid bluestone, and builders are now (August 1888) hunting for fresh supplies of stone of good quality. The last half of the seventies and the first half of the eighties saw most of the State school buildings erected, and as they were designed under happier auspices than those which accompanied the exertions of Govern ment architects in the earlier days, both town and country, have been embellished with edifices that do not vex the nerves, let us hope, of the aesthetic, and vagrant members of the Kalozoic Society of the me tropolis. Of the half-score of bridges that cross the Yarrowee in its course through Ballarat, the two built in 1886 are the best. They are the bridges over the stream by the Sunny Corner Woollen Mill, and where Nolan street connects with Scott’s Parade by the Eastern Oval. All have been erected at the joint expense of the Western and Eastern municipalities. Ballarat loyalty, as became the second city in Victoria, has been and is conspicuous, de spite Irish Anglopliobists who may fume and fret, and a little juvenile portion of the local A.N.A. sympathisers with others of their association elsewhere who have not hesitated to insult a woman, and that woman their Queen of really illustrious memory. The loyal tone of Ballarat in the yesterdays and to-day is due to the great bulk of the immigrant settlers here from old Europe, whose industry, pluck, adventure, initiative, made the city, and still rule here, though the generation of male and female youth, with its overmuch of love for ease and amusement, its sometimes aggressive inanity, its too frequent rudeness of bearing, may he steadily gaining upon the thinning ranks of the pioneers, to oust them from their places. Five and twenty years ago the young man and womanhood of to-day were either un born or were in their cradles or babycoats, and the loyalty of their fathers and mothers had a great demonstration by way of re joicings in honor of the marriage of the Prince of Wales aud the Princess Alex andra of Denmark. The marriage took place on the 12th of March, 1863, but the colony did not get its European news by cable in those days, and it was not till May that we had intelligence of the actual celebration of the royal nuptials. Then all the colony took to feasting and shouting, to bonfires, illuminations, processions, balls, and so forth, and the Railway Department gave return tickets at single fares everywhere from the 11th to the 18th of May. In this district the tiny but ancient village of Bunin yong took the lead in point of time. On the 8th of May the borough lit bonfires, roasted an ox whole, the bakers gave piles of loaves, and the council gave “hogsheads of ale and porter to wash it down.” But Tues day, the 19th, was the general day of re joicing, aud there had been much prepar ation. The Star gave five solid cplumns of description of the doings in this city. Un happily, the day was for the most part wet and windy, and nothing but the brave reso lution of the people made the celebration a success. The early morn was ushered in by the booming, of a royal salute, fired by Messrs Hunt aud Opie, of the Victoria Foundry, from two guns cast by that firm expressly for the occasion. Then came the procession a mile and a quarter long, including 3000 children bear ing flags and flaglets, the youngsters’ line reaching out close on three quarters of a mile in length, and the Danish Society con spicuous, led by Louis Maximilien Hax thausen carrying the Danish banner, the Dan uebrog. Thou, too, old friend, blond, tallish, handsome, merry, musical, of noble birth, but here a tuner of pianos, art no more. I see thee, hear again thy “ voulez voits un petit verre ?” as we round the green sward at the Eastern Oval yonder. Alas ! no more petite verres. O, that ever recurring re quiescat ! Thy blond, broad-shouldered, spectacled, artistic, short-statured, com patriot Canute Andersen, the architect, gone the same way, too. Both shouted gaily with us on that day. It was a day, in spite of the bad weather, in which Julian Thomas, the famous quill-driving “ Vagabond” would have been happy had he met those jolly Scandinavians in conjunction with some really benign liquor. He would have merrily chinked glasses with them over his jovial and and gallant toast, “ Din skoll, og min skoll, og alle wakere fleckers skoll” (there’s your health, and my health, and all good women’s health.) Nor wind, nor rain could utterly spoil the jollity of the time. The procession of the children, the societies, the firemen the military, formed about the City Brigade station, James M'Dowall head marshall went up the north side of Sturt street to Drummond street, and then by the south side and so down through the Main road, all the miles of streets ablaze with flags and mottes, and here and there triumphal arches. And soon the pro gramme of the Rejoicings Committee broke down. The children were to be feasted on the Eastern Oval, and Henry Pope of Grenville College, he who gave us lectures on “Rags and Stumps” and “Swells,” was to make an oration there, and a 5 cwt plum pudding made by Scrase and Ainley the brewers, and carted in a bed of evergreens and flowers and ribbons to the Oval, was taken thence to the Benevolent Asylum, and the orator of the day took himself off-else where, for there was no feast practicable at the Oval, though much of Pavilion Boyd’s beer, and other potencies was afloat. Presi dent Robert Lewis of the Asylum bought the big pudding, and J. A. Doane carted it back to the busy crowds and had it distributed. Pope's oratory, too, was got off at 4 p.m. from a hustings in Sturt street, a good oration too, historical, thought ful, playful, apologetic, instructive. “ Why some of us" said he, “could have earn'd nouiid to-day, and how much that would buv 1 True, very true. But 13 man alto gether a pound-earning animal? Is there, I fav nothing else for ium to do in this world but earn pounds? May he not sometimes -throw off his jog trot, respectable, pnddlmg machine-turning pace, and cast his whole soul into a merry-making of this kind , ill he be anything the worse for it? \\\ ill he not be much the better for it? Verily he will my Socratic friend. May thy shadow grow no less for many a year yonder in Maoriland where thou still mspectest schools and makest books and, let ns hope, many readers wiser and better. Ah me, bow many of thy cloth and kin have gone hence since that merry day! But the day claims us yet awhile. That monster pudding! It was 5-f hours a boiling in one of Scrase and Ainley’s big boilers. And no wonder, for it con tained 120 lb flour, 56 lb snet, 56 lb currants, 50 lb raisins, 60 lb sugar; 17 lb mixed spices and lemon peel. It was a splendid success and cut up well, and was well approved, a. pleasant aside to monster feeds of roasted and half roasted beef. Butcher Patterson gave a bullock which was roasted whole in the Peel street market reserve and was well cooked. Dan Sweeny, the slaughterman, gave another which was cut up raw and distributed to peopla beariug tickets from the Rejoicing committee; and another given by Power; Rutherford, Ettershank, and Cos., was similarly divided in the West, whilst another given by Ben Hepburu, was roasted whole in the middle of Sturt street, opposite to what is now Lesters hotel, and was not well cooked through if it was / ou the spit for 16 hours from Monday evening before big wood fires. The bnllock feast in the East was a great fact made more emphatic by heaps of bread given by baker Briant, of Hope Bakery, aud barrels of ale given by other folk. Briant also garnished the ill-cooked Hepburn ox with bread, and Messrs Robert son and Martin helped to wash it down with beer, whilst other barrels were sent by Ma*>ill and Coghlan, and others from Murton and° Leggo had to be declined for fear of too hilarious cousequences. The inmates of the Hospital, of the Benevolent Asylum, and of the Gaol were plentifully regaled also on that memorable day. Next day the Re joicings Committee met; present—Robert Lewis' (in the chair), Lovitt, Briant, Brad shaw, Turpie, M‘Dowall, Higgins, Bruun, Doane, Cummins, Young. The secretary reported that £49 had been collected from all sources, aud £5 was voted to him. M’Dowall, who had been the marshal of the procession, began to belabor The Star for saying he was “errant” and “ demonstra ‘tive,” and pressed the committee to take up his quarrel, but they pooh-poohed it, aud so that little storm blew over. The illuminations and bonfires had made a brilliant endingof the rejoicing day. Prominent amongst the trans parencies displayed was one at Scandinavian Tuxen’s store in the Main road. It showed two hearts conjoined, each bearing the letter A, motto beneath, “ Jdildvccre Dretlandu jEtlinrj og X>anequmdc.” —Hail to the Pride of Britain and the Lady of Denmark. On the same day Creswick roasted an ox and a sheep, and “an attempt was made to distribute the meat, but a scene ensued which beggars all description. The rush for the meat resembled more the attack of hall famished wolves than the acts of beings capable of reasoning. Men and boys were seen running about with large lumps of meat or haudfuls of stuffing.” So the unconsumed balance was taken to Williams’ shop and dis tributed by ticket. At Smythesdale there was a roasted bullock and a ball. At Browns and Scarsdale a banquet. At Linton a bullock given by Mr M. H. Baird of Mount Bute, and sundry heaps of bread and barrels of beer given by the jolly boni faces of the place. Buniuyoug, having had its bullock and beer some days before, went up the mount at the close of the day of general rejoicing, aud lit two great bonfires, one 54 feet long and 15 feet wide aud high, and containing 253 tons of wood ; the other 34 feet long and 15 feet wide and high, made of 160 tons of wood, a 27-gallon barrel of coal tar behig added to each blazing pile. ( To he continued). 