&0e alone Morning across. MONDAY, AUGUST 20, 1888.' . ' -7s CARNAL MORAN. is visiting Dr. Croke, Archbishop of Cashel. * IT is stated by a Roman Catholic newspaper, published in Ireland, that Princess Christian has become a convert to the Roman Catholic faith. SPEAKING at a farewell dinner given to him at Greenwich, Mr. E. G. M. Eddy, chairman of the New South Wales railways commissioners, said he hoped to make our railways as pre-eminent in Australia, as the London and North-western and Caledonian lines are in the United Kingdom. WHEN unveiling the statue to the late Prince Frederick of Germany, the Emperor William declared that Germany's Eighteen Army Corps and her 'J2.000.000 of people would rather die in battle than surrender Alsace-Lorraine. IN consequence of the hostile attitude of the The beans additional troops have been ordered to Sikkim to reinforce the British. AT an eviction at New Ross, in Ireland, a desperate resistance was offered to the police, who charged the mob with fixed bayonets. Eventually the house took fire, when the defenders left it. In a collision off Sable Island between the Danish steamers Thingvalln and Geisler, running between Copenhagen and New York, 72 passengers and 38 of the crew of the God ser were drowned, M , THE Australian Eleven are playing a match with Nottingham. The home team, who went in first, bare closed their first innings for a total of '1-11. A DUEL has been fought with pistols between two French ladies. The affair arose out of a feeling of J jealousy. Both ladies were seriously wounded. THE Sugar Bounties Conference have held a long sitting, and adjourned in order to allow the delegates to report to their various Governments. A PETITION in favour of the city railway extension, for presentation to the Legislative Assembly, points out that the returns for the suburban lines would be considerably increased if the traffic swore carried to the heart of the city, and also that the estimated cost of the work will be materially increased by being longer delayed. THE Government have under consideration a scheme embracing a circular line of city railway extension. They believe that calculation will show such a fair present and prospective amount of revenue as to justify the construction of the line, that it will afford accommodation that can be given by no other line, and at the same time carry passengers from densely populated centres of the city and suburbs. MR. CipLEs has sent a circular letter to the different Australian' Premiers calling attention to the advantages of the proposed Pacific cable. He desires a joint appeal to be sent to the Admiralty to allow two more vessels to assist in the survey of the route. AT a meeting of the council of the Free Trade Association it was stated that during the week parcels of books had been presented to every one of the Schools of Art and Mechanics' Institutes throughout the colony. NEGOTIATIONS are going on in Melbourne to secure the support of the country members to a compromise with regard to Mr. Munro's motion increasing the stock tax and the duties on oats and barley. AT the last meeting of the council and secretaries of the Australasian Association for the Advancement of Science, the president announced that the number of members now exceeded 500, and that the titles of 107 papers had been sent to. TvrrnoiD fever and diphtheria are again becoming prevalent at Melbourne. During last week four fatal cases of the former and nine of the latter were reported. THE shearing difficulty at Brookong station has assumed a serious aspect The Union men number between 200 and 300 ; they are armed, and it is feared that they will rush the place so soon as the non-unionists got steadily to work. THE attendance at the Melbourne Exhibition on Saturday numbered 24,391, A popular concert was held in the evening, H.M.S. ORLANDO, to relieve H.M.S. Nelson, left Albany on Saturday for Sydney. H.M. ships Diamond and Lizard arrived at Sydney from Melbourne on Saturday, The former will shortly proceed home, i THE public works statement delivered by the New Zealand Minister shows a reduction of £870 000 as compared with the estimate of last year. THE' Sydney Underwriters' Association, in their report for 1888, state that the advantage of the " Trust Fund" for general average deposits has been demonstrated during the year in a gratifying manner to all concerned. AT a meeting of the New South Wales Typographical Association on Saturday, it was resolved that a cottage should be erected for incapacitated printers upon the Carrington Convalescent Estate. An amendment to the Premier's resolution on the ocean mail service, proposing that the subsidy to the mail service via San Francisco be discontinued, has been carried in the New Zealand House of Representatives by a majority of 18 votes. AT a public ceremony yesterday in connection with the foundation of a children's hospital at Petersham, to be conducted by the Nursing Sisters of the Little Company of Mary, 8000 persons were present, and 1250 was received in cash and promises. The building, to accommodate 50 patients, will cost £1300. OUR special correspondent considers the Melbourne Exhibition to be now fairly launched. There is, however, still a great deal to be done in the Courts, and several weeks will elapse before all are finished. The New South Wales Court, although not yet fully completed, is said to present a handsome appearance. Trtr. annual breakfast in connection with the Australasian Holy Catholic Guild, held at St Mary's School room yesterday morning, was presided over by Dr. Murray, Bishop of Maitland, and was very largely attended by communicants. , THE students of the Melbourne University Wtorcd the Exhibition Building on Saturday and behaved in a disgraceful manner. They carried a flag displaying a skull and cross bones, and others were marked with human thigh bones. Besides being "notions a, smashed some of the furniture. S M % AT a meeting of the Citizen's Strike pnm"!(1 , Newcastle on Saturday interviews Shorts and Mr. Curley were reported, which were satisfactory character, and a resolution waM 5 stating that I was fences two in their work." The impression is that both Ah desirous of avoiding a strike. ate THE aldermen of Newcastle met on Saturday and decided to write to the coal proprietors and Ka J Union, begging them to reconsider their decision with a view of affording the citizens' representing s 2s unity of making satisfactory arrangement thereby avoiding the greatest calamity that he Z world!11 a C y StrUSglinE 106 a Place a we come to? South Australian Railway Commissioners have made arrangements for supplies of coal to keep ft! "Se BaTwcS " iD * "is in the ss * s THE coal importers at Melbourne have resolved as a precautionary measure to give five days' notice of li pension of contracts, v T £T.Pi""?.troot Congregational Church last night Dr Jefferis delivered a lecture upon " The rising of the workers in which he dealt with the present strike at Newcastle, and indicated how settlement of labour questions might be brought about. TttE ss. Zealandia took on 12 lumpers at Angle land in order that they might assist in discharging the "vessel at Sydney. It is thought that in future enough coal will be taken on at San Francisco to last the round voyage. IT is reported that the shows of the Champion Bay (W.A.) Gold and Silver Mining Company, placed on the London market, are being allotted. * THE New South Wales Football Association have sent a letter sympathising with the British footballers in the loss they have sustained by the death of their late captain, Mr. R. L. Seddon. THE foundation stone of a new Wesleyan Church to cost £12,000, has been laid at Brisbane. IT is stated, in favour of the Inverell Gen Innes railway, that if Sydney is to retain the trade of these districts, and draw to its metropolis the trade of the country intervening between Mungundi and Teens, the direct line of railway to Inverell becomes a necessity, and that sooner or later the district must be connected with the Clarence by rail. ' Australasian banking figures continue to increase with great rapidity, at a rate altogether disproportionate to the growth of the population of the colonies. The Argus gives a compilation from the published returns for the second quarter of the year, from which it appears that the total deposits had increased from £90,930,303 in the second quarter of 1887, to £99,724,722 in the quarter just ended. Before the close of the centennial year the banking institutions will probably have over £100,000,000 sterling of deposits, almost entirely, as it is believed, the money of' colonists, though some small part of it may have been lodged on account of English depositors. It is, of course, impossible to tell the exact amount of the purely colonial capital that is invested in our banking institutions. Besides the deposits, the banks possessed funds of their own amounting to £24,905,093, including £16,024,642 paid-up capital, and £8,330,451 in reserves. Thus, then, with their own funds and the public deposits, the banks have a total working capital of £124,G79,815. Adding £5,761,216, the average amount of the note circulation, we get £130,441,031 as the available resources of the banks for carrying on operations in the colonies. \- If, however, we look at the assets of the banks we find that they really have more money than is' shown by these figures. We find that they have made advances to the amount of £121,339,549, that they have coin and bullion in reserve amounting to £18,907,226, and landed property valued at £4,469,225. Thus there is a total of assets amounting to £144,715,990. We have stated that the deposits, banking capital, and note circulation amounted to £180,441,081. The assets thus exceed this amount by £14,274,959. The explanation of this excess is of course that it is money obtained in England, and not accounted for in the returns. This does not represent all the money the banks borrow in England, because the excess of all the assets in England over the liabilities there would have to be added to the total. Moreover, even within the colony, their returns show that what is owing to them by other banks exceeds what they owe to those banks by £1,929,371. Exclusive of the proportion of British-owned deposits included in the total of £99,724,722 accounted for within the colony, there is probably not much less than £20,000,000 of British capital at the service of Anglo-Australasian banking institutions for use here and elsewhere. In the I colonies alone we find that of the total amount of the assets other than the amounts due to other banks 69 percent, consisted of deposits, 17 per cent, was the capital of the banks, 4 per cent represented the amount borrowed from the people by the issue of notes, and 10 per cent, was the proportion brought from extraneous sources. The banking figures of no other country built so largely in proportion as those of Australasia, the trade and commerce of which generally show so favourably in comparison with what appears in the statistics of the principal monetary nations of the world. The total assets represent about £46 per head of the population. It is true that all this banking capital does not belong to colonists; '"but if we were to take the deposits within j the colony and the proportion of capital provided here, we should still have an amount exceeding £30 per bend of the population, which on a like basis would represent a banking capital in the United Kingdom of £1,100,000,000, whereas the most '^ figures do not show more than £750,000,OOU. The trade and commerce and industries or England require less banking capital than those of the colonies. Of COUMO colonial banking institution stagger Trial T . development of the farming and grazing industries. The claims on them on this account cause their figures to run into totals JJ beyond those of the English banks which have no corresponding business. It is a matter of complaint with some that the banks interfere with private business firms. Undoubtedly they took up station accounts that were formerly held by merchants paid money-lenders. But the business ready became too large for private individual. the banks lent money at a cheaper rate than the merchants, and it fell to their hands, We they have now the competition of mortgage institutions, specially formed to work in the development of squatting pasT. Possessing large amounts of paid up, capital, and still largerborrowingon debentures, has comparatively young institutions de, aW business with the squatters Nevertheless it would seem that the monetary requirements would seem mac me away * {h of Australasia grow disproportionately to t increase of its populate. Mneh JJ land mortgage institutions may do, the ness of the banks is not by any means reduced. The advances in the June quarter, amounting to £121,339,549, exceeded the total last year by no less than £11,842,103, or by about 11 per cent., whereas the increase of population in Australasia was only at the rate of about 3" per cent, Bad as the times were, moreover, the deposits within the colony, amounting to £09,724,722, exceeded those of the previous year by £8,788,309, or 96 per cent. These figures show that the people are still lending money to the banks at a larger rate per head year by year. Whatever complaints are made against these institutions, it would appear that they still have the public confidence. And doubtless they render an invaluable service to the community. Although there may be truth in what is said that it would be better if some people who lend money were to use it themselves, the fact is that the money is lent, and the banks doubtless use it to the best advantage to themselves and to their borrowers. Their share of the profit is equal to 7 per cent, per annum on their own funds, together with a small per centage placed to reserve. Having regard to the fact that the proprietors of the £25,000,000 of Anglo-Aus- tralasian banking capital and reserves run the risk of loss in respect of. £120,000,000 they borrow, the profits they make will not be regarded by business men as excessive. It may be interesting to point out that on their gross resources the ten purely London banks with capital and reserves amounting to about £15,000,000, earned 13s. 6d. per cent, for the the last half of the year 1887. The Anglo Australasian banks on their resources earned 12s. 9d. per cent. A correspondent whose letter is signed " Humanity" brought under notice last week a remarkable instance of the treatment of gentlewomen required as governesses. He quoted an advertisement asking for a governess for the country who should be a good teacher, and then added a verbatim copy of the reply applicant received from the advertiser, which certainly forms a piece of very interesting reading under the circumstances. It set forth that the governess would be asked to teach English, music, drawing, French for beginners, and calisthenics to four pupils. This was already a sufficiently large order ; but the applicant would have formed a very vague idea of her multifarious duties had her perusal of the communication from which these particulars are taken stopped here. For, in addition to these services, she was informed that " the two younger pupils would require to be washed and dressed, and the eldest to have her hair done," and that there were a few light household duties of which the applicant might learn if she thought the position likely to suit her. The salary for this was £30 per annum. This is the case about which our correspondent has written, and really, in the light of the circumstances he gives us, it does seem that the lot of the unfortunate governess is a hard one. We do not know if this instance is a representative one, but it is quite certain that it is by no means unique of its kind. The same correspondent has written us before on the subject, and most people are aware already that the position of a governess is in most cases both an unremunerative and a thankless one. It is sad to think that so many studious gentlewomen, who have devoted their time to their training in the subjects they profess as governesses, and to the cultivation of the race and of imparting the results of their studies to others, should be so poorly paid as we are led to believe they are. The housemaid who has yet to learn the simple duties of her calling is as well paid as the governess in the case our correspondent quotes, while the plain cook gets nearly twice as much for her services. The one young person is placed in charge of a broom, and the other takes care of the family meal. But to the governess are committed the children of the family-their moral training to a large extent, and their entire education during the years in which they are left in her custody. To discharge the responsible duties of this important post con- scientiously, it is necessary that she should have given considerable time to her own preparation for this delicate calling. All this time, too, means expense to herself or to her parents. There is besides the special qualification of taste and intelligence, which, it may be believed, guided the young lady to prefer the labour of the mind to the toil of the hands, and qualified her to act on such a choice when made. All these things, as well as the nature of the duties she discharges, differentiate the training profession from every other class of employment, and put it upon another and a higher plane. The governess is told all this, and tacitly led to expect it. It must be, then, particularly discouraging to any deserving gentlewoman in the position of the applicant our correspondent describes, to find her services valued below the standard of a plain cook, and no better than those of a very ordinary housemaid. This is a subject that received a good deal of rather caustic notice from the English papers a little time ago. The low opinion of the pecuniary value of a governess's duties is not confined to us. Correspondents have published kindled instances before now in the home papers, and editorial comment has been freely made on the state of things their letters disclosed. Punch and the rest of the brood of comic papers made merry over the fate of the governess who had burnt the midnight oil to qualify herself for a poorly paid post which was little better than that of a uivrserymaid, with ten times the responsibility. More than once, too, strong remarks have been made about the highly question- able taste of advertisers who asked for duly qualified teachers for their children who would not object to "assist" in the household duties, but from the letter of our correspondent it would seem that we have very little to learn in this direction. Not only was the applicant in that case to be poorly paid, but we find she was expected besides to act as nursery maid to the younger children, something like lady's maid to the eldest pupil, and moreover as a kind of ex officio housemaid in addition. This is surely out Heeding Herod. To teach for less than an upper housemaid's wages is pitiful enough in all conscience, but in this extraordinary instance the fortunate applicant is required to perform the housemaid's and two other servants' duties as well. If this instance were to be taken as typical of the value placed on special training and culture in the Australian colonies, it would, we fear, give an outside critic a very poor opinion of the social class from which such advertisements could emanate, or of the pitch of civilisation we have arrived at as a community. The unpleasant position of the private governess has been acknowledged and commented upon before. The matter forms part of the larger question as to the employment of women. It is a girl's own fault, we are told, if she choose the teaching profession with her ex ss open when the ranks of menial labour are open to her. Our domestic servants are neither numerous nor capable enough, it is urged, and this desire on the part of some young persons to " go out as governesses " is merely a piece of mistaken vanity or idle concert There is a good deal of truth so far in this, and also in the statement that the quality of our domestic service might be improved. But the question should be looked at from the point of view of the capable gover- ness as well. No matter how well-founded the complaints on this subject may be, there is always the well- trained and accomplished gentlewoman who is a governess because instinct as well as training made her one, or who is led to use her cultivated talents in that direction because the limits to female usefulness have forced her into the teaching profession for which she is so well qualified. These ladies are, as a rule, educated and cultivated people, who have spent as much time in the development of their natural gifts as a doctor or lawyer or other professional man. To ask such ladies to add the discharge of menial offices to their teaching duties, and to pay them a pittance hardly sufficient to keep them in gloves, would, if it were general, argue a low estimate of the value of professional or special training, and a dull disregard of everything in the shape of education, or taste, or gentle womanly culture, that would do more than discredit to any society in which they might be found. The refusal of the House of Representatives in New Zealand to continue the subsidy to the Pacific Mail Steamship Company for the carriage of mails to and from San Francisco materially alters the situation, Hitherto it has been supposed that this service was specially advantageous to New Zealand, and that if no other colony gave its support she would accept the responsibility alone. New South Wales has been asked to continue her aid for twelve months from the time of the expiry of the present contract, in November and as we informed our readers a day or two ago, the Government had consented to submit a resolution favouring the continuance of the subsidy for that time. Now we learn that the proposal of the Government of New Zealand has been negatived by its own House of Representatives. The reasons which have prompted the House of Representatives to this course of action are not stated. They maybe found, perhaps, in the shortening of the time of the Red Sea services and the frequent communication with Europe in that way, together with the service furnished by the quick line of steamships sailing home- wards via Cape Horn. These services may be considered sufficient for the requirements of New Zealand, at any rate for those of the southern island. What are regarded as the interests of Auckland may not be held as paramount in Dunedin. When the colony is retrenching in all directions, the amount of the subsidy may be considered as useless expenditure. How the Government of this colony will act in the changed circumstances remains to be seen. The question for their consideration is, What is the San Francisco service worth to the colony ? Its usefulness for postal purposes has been lessened since the Peninsular and Oriental and Orient Companies have given us a weekly mail to and from Europe. Still, in this respect the San Francisco service is not valueless, and in time of war an alternate route via America would keep open a second line of communication. As a passenger service it has its value, and for the furtherance of trade between Australia and America it would serve an end ; though perhaps on these grounds its development should be left to private enterprise. But all the purposes for which the San Francisco service is useful would be available for the Australasian colonies generally, and therefore if a subsidy is required for its continuance other colonies should be asked to pay their share of it. Looking at the immense development of intercourse between the Anglo-Saxon communities in Europe, America, and Australia, we can scarcely imagine that an important line of communication which has been open for more than twenty years will be allowed to be closed and yet it can hardly be for the colony of New South Wales, embracing one per cent, of the whole, to do more than take a share of the responsibility of keeping it open. Doubtless Sir HENRY PARKES will take counsel with the Premiers of the other colonies on the subject. Queensland has received a timely warning from the Bank of England against excessive borrowing, and Sir THOMAS M'ILWRAITH has sought to enforce it on those who would make undue claims on the Treasury. Undoubtedly that is the right use to make of the caution. In Queensland, as in New South Wales, members of Parliament are perpetually asking for favours for their various constituencies. Railways and public works are pressed on the Government with a pertinacity not exceeded even in this colony. The COMMISSIONER for RAILWAYS has in recent annual reports commented on the unprofitableness of the new lines, and it is quite time that the Government gave heed to his warnings. Queensland has a larger mileage of railways according to population than any other colony, and has quite sufficient territory opened up for her present requirements. No doubt the resources of the colony are very great, and the progress of settlement compares favourably with that of other colonies of the group. But, after all, much of this progress has been due to the expenditure of borrowed money in the employment of assisted immigration, and the danger is that what has happened in New Zealand will happen in Queensland. Doubtless this is what the directors of the Bank of England see. The objection in this case does not come from those whose interest it is to damage the securities of the colony. We may suppose that it is to the advantage of the Bank of England to float loans for the colony. The security being satisfactory, the more stock the Bank floats and inscribes the greater will be its returns. Doubtless, therefore, the Bank directors think they have good reason for warning the AGENT-GENERAL of QUEENSLAND against the frequent issue of large loans. What is the exact responsibility of the Bank in connection with the loans, we are not aware. We do not imagine that it has made itself liable for the inability of the colony to pay interest on the stock. The Bank of England is a great institution, with a high reputation for integrity, and doubtless its directors would regard this as in some degree tarnished by the non-payment of the interest of a loan which it had negotiated. , At any rate, its position is such that the AGENT-GENERAL has been informed that unless the colony discon. tinues placing the loans on the market at such short intervals it will be necessary for the Bank to get rid of its responsibility. It is gratifying to learn from the Budget speech that the finances of South Australia are beginning to assume a healthier aspect. We have been so accustomed to South Australian deficits for the last five years, that the announcement of a surplus is quite cheering news. It may be true that £173,000 is not a very large amount to set against the heavy deficit. Still it is considerable and when Mr. BOHNS makes a budget speech with proportionate results, half a million of our deficit will have been swept away. It is to be noticed that Mr. 'PLAYFORD was not so foolish as to attribute the unexpected and magnificent results to the recent imposition of protective duties. What he took care to emphasise was the increase in the population, the wheat crops, the shipping, and the imports. The return of prosperity to South Australia is due to the magnificent season, which in the first place has doubled her wheat yield. An extra 200,000 tons of wheat ^means'*£l,500,000 additional income to be spent and any one has only to think for a minute to be aware of the vast amount of employment such an enlarge- ment of income would provide. And as the agricultural interest was benefited, so also was the pastoral. There was a good season for the , woolgrowers, and somewhat higher prices were obtained for their produce. Hundreds of thousands of pounds of additional income would thus be derived 5 and as every ton of copper would sell for £20 per ton in advance of previous prices, the mining community would be increasingly prosperous. If we add to this also the profits of the, business connected with the Broken Hill mines, we have the true sources of the prosperity which has been disclosed in the revenue tables. All that the protective imports have done has been to increase the cost of manufactures to the producers who have worked on the lines on which prosperity has fallen. These duties have simply been suckers on the bone and sinew of the country-who are strong enough, it is true, to bear them and be prosperous in spite of the blood-sucking, but are nevertheless sufferers to some extent. All this greatly increased production has not only yielded income for the producers, and revenue through the Custom-house, but has furnished an immense enlargement of traffic for the railways. Our neighbours are to be congratulated on the return of prosperous times. 