SJw fytefom* &mnm; WEDNESDAY, MAY 1, 1SS9. THE Government have done well in calling for tenders for the renewal of the mail service between Brisbane and Loudon, via Torre» Straits and Aden or Naples, It is generally conceded that the rapid deve- lopment of the colony during the past eight years is due in no small measure to our in- dependent mail service, which touchea and taps every port from the Brisbane Uiver to Thursday Island. It has not only opened out the trade of the North in a remarkable manner, but has relieved the mer- chants of the Southern parts of the colony from their former pretty complete dependence on Sydney and Melbourne. The mining industry has benefited no less than our great wool-producing interests, and it would be a disastrous thing for the xvliolc country if the Torres Straits service were to be abandoned. "We cannot and need not contemplate such a calamity. There are four alternative schemes for Avhieli tenders are to be called respectively, and the response given to these will determine the Government as to which shall be chosen. These schemes are a fortnightly Bervice at a speed of twelve knots and of ten knots, and a monthly service at like speeds. The term of each contract would be for five years. By the contract which is about to expire the voyage between Plymouth and Cooktown must be performed in forty-nine days ; and the mails being forsvardetl to Aden, via Brin disi, must be delivered at Brisbane or conversely at London in forty . three days. The twelve-knot service pro- vided for in the new tenders would deliver the mails in London or Bris- bane in thirty-nine days, or four days less - a very material saving in these times. In considering which service ought to be adopted, there are many more elements of importance than the mail requirements; of the Northern ports or the commercial development of our coastal districts. First of all, are we to regard the Torrea Straits service as a competing mail service with that via Melbourne by the Peninsular and Oriental and Orient Hues of steamers ? Indeed, we should require to look to other possible competing lines. The Presidential message to the United States Congress foreshadowed a large subsidy for a mail service between San Francisco and Australia. And accord- ing to the Canadian Gazette : "The Do- minion Government have decided to have a weekly mail service to and from England, quite equal to that running to and from New York, and thoy oller a subsidy of £100,000 a year for ten years. The British and Dominion Governments join in agree- ing to subsidise a fortnightly mail service from the Pacific terminus of the Canadian Pacific Ballway to China and Japan, and the Australian and New Zealand Govern- ments join in subsidising this service up to n point which will secure its extension to their principal ports. The aggregate of the subsidies for the Atlantic and Pacific ser- vices is about £250,000 per annum, ami it is proposed to form an independent com- pany to carry out the work." So far as the Australian part of the scheme is concerned, the Gazette is premature ; still such a mail service is on the cardo, ¡nid must .be taken account of in the future decisions of our Govern- ment. The position ia likewise com- plicated by tho fact that a new arrange- ment has lately been entered into with the Southern colonies for the conveyance of Queensland mails via Melbourne. By the ternis of the agreement come to at the Intercolonial Postal Conference last year all Queensland mails despatched by this route were paid for by weight of matter, but a condition was inserted that when the Queensland Government chose they could elect to do as the other colonies did-namely, make a contribution towards the subsidy to the Peninsular and Oriental and Orient companies iu proportion to population. The Queensland Government have intimated that they intend in future lo contribute ac- cording to the population basis, and that involves an additional expense to our colony of nearly £1000 per annum. Now, if we establish our own mail service with quick despatch, equal to that by the Southern route, we should still have to pay our quota to the Southern service according to population, and thus we might be paying for our whistle twice over compared with our Southern and, at present, larger aud wealthier neighbours. The only set-off to this excessive expenditure would be that we should havo a mail service of our own. That might be valuable as an advertisement to the colony, not only in England, but in all countries which are members of the International Postal Union. But is the game worth the candle ? It seems to us that we are narrowed to the alternative of a twelve-knot fortnightly service, via Torres Straits, which would be a competing route with the Southern, and a ten-knot monthly service, which would bo mainly a cargo and immigrant service. The former would certainly expedite the delivery of mails every second week to the Northern parts of the colony, but it would be no additional advantage over the Peninsular and Oriental and the Orient services to the Southern portion of the colony. And a quick fortnightly Torres Straits service could not be obtained for less than the subsidy granted the Peninsular and Oriental and Orient Companies for their weekly service seeing that for our independent service we should have to pay the whole subsidy, whereas the Imperial post oilice furnishes tho larger moiety of the ? subsidy by the Southern route. The con- tribution of the Australian colonies to the Peninsular and Oriental and the Orient Companies amounts to £7¡">,000 per annum, and are wo in Queensland prepared to pay so large a subsidy for the contracted benefit applicable to, say, one half the colony ? It may be that a quick service via Torres Straits need not necessarily cost so much as ¿75,000 per annum, as the accelerated speed would attract an increased passenger traffic, and, that route offering a smooth water* passage, there would be less wear and tear on the ships. Moreover if the British India Company were to secure the contract they could work in with their other services in the Eastern Archipelago and Japan. But making every allowance of this kind we cannot imagine that a fast fort- nightly service could be obtained for less than £00,000, or at the very lowest figure the present subsidy of £05,000 a year. On the other hand; a ten-knot monthly service might be procured for not much more than half what we now pay, or, say, about .£27,000. Such a service would be mainly a cargo one, and might meet all the commercial requirements of the Northern division of the colony. It would be valuable as a cheap long-sea route for mails. It would amply suffice for immigration neces- sities although it might not prove very attractive to saloon passengers, who do not care to travel by immigrant vessels, and with whom time is an element of some con- sideration. But even with a slow monthly Bervice the mail requirements of the North might be overtaken. Arrangements could be made for a quick coastal service between Brisbane and the North on the arrival of the mails vid the South. The railway from Brisbane to Bundaberg will soon be opened, and, indeed, before tho proposed contract expires we may see the line completed to Keppel Bay. Mails coming via Adelaide or Melbourne might be despatched by rail to Bundaberg or Keppel Bay, and thence by fast coastal steamers to the North. In this way the Southern service might be as fast as a quick service via Torres Straits, even for the Northern divi- sion of the colony. But if scarcely as fast it would havo this advantage, that it would be a weekly, whereas the Torres Straits would be a fortnightly service. And frequency of communication is almost of greater importance than rapidity at longer intervals. Business eau be worked more satisfactorily and with greater regularity. The conditions of the proposed contract state that the new service is to commence on 10th February next. But if competition is really to be expected provision should be made in the tenders for the employment of emergeucy vessels during the first twelve months. A fleet of large steamers fitted for the service cannot be built in a few months, and unless some such arrangement as sug- gested were made the present contractors might be regarded as occupying an undue vantage ground. Wo do not want the British-India Company to be superseded ; indeed in some respects it would be a distinct advantage to the colony were they to secure the contract. That company have developed not only the direct trade between England and Queensland, but an important and growing coasting commerce. They are a strong corporation, have always paid their way when other companies have failed-not necessarily by less efficient ser- vice, but by more careful management. Withal the tenders should be culled purely on the merits of the case, anti ln-uce we think the conditions might be modified in the direction indicated. Tin: London Vknmvie is responsible for a statement that PiincoBismaick is anxious to ai range an alliance with Great Britain for the latter to protect the German colonies | in the event of xs-ar between Germany and .France, and that Loid Salisbury will legard the pioposal favourably if tho German Government xvill agreo to make any advance by the Itussiaun on either Constantinople or Herat a casus belli This story bears the appearance of a corpulent canard. The suggestion ia degrading to Great Britain. It is an unprovoked slap in the face at France and Russia, with whom England is on terms of international amity. So far as the Chancellor of tho German Empire is concerned such a wish may be father to the thought, but he ia too astute to provoke counter-demonstrations by em barrasaing frankness. He is fond of alliances, but chary of proclaiming tbem to the world. He has the monkey's knack of making bia co-partners snatch the chestnuts out of the fire, as witness the his- tory of the Danish campaigu with its corol- lary the Aitstro-Huugarian conflict. Looked at from the Chancellor's point of view, an alliance with Great Britain on the terms indicated would merit approval. To his minti it might insure that tranquillity which he is said to covet for therestofhisunquietlife. France torn with inte3tine divisions might be coweif] if the trident of her old foe were placed side by side with the weighty sword of her late victor. Russia, unwilling to rely on such a fickle ally as France, might tor a time defer the inevitable shock of race con- tention between the Slav and the Teuton, Even England might snatch at such an apparently ready method of curbing hostile demonstration against her Eastern interesta. But that do ui des, which Bismarck cynically avows to be the keynote of his policy seems under the pro- posed circumstances to be one-sided. "What _ are' the colonial interests of the German Empire that the might of the world's greatest navy should be charged with their protection ?-A portion of New Guinea, of very indeterminate value; a bit of Africa, unsuitable for European colonisation ; an odd islet here and there in tho Pacific, barren, save as a provocative of hostility. The fee-simple of the lot would not realise the price of a modern line of-battle ship, or dofray the cost of the late cyclone at Apia. The Chancellor has him- self avowed that ho looka with distrust upon the policy of colonisation to which Germany has been of late committed. Hia practical mind recognises that America and Australia offer suflicient vent for German colonising enterprise, without wasting imperial money and strength in prolitlesa rivalry with nations svltich long since seized the choicest portions of the globe open for settlement. "With one reservation : It ia upon the cards, under certain eventualities, that Holland may become an integral portion of unified Germany. In such a case, England would have committed herself to a most fatal responsibility. Holland has colonial pos- sessions of great extent and enormous wealth. She holds Java, Sumatra, a large slico of Borneo, the Moluccas, Timor Archipelago, Bali and Lombok, part of New Guinea, the "West Indian Islands of Curacoa, Araba, St. Martin, Bonaire, St. Euslache and Saba, with Surinam. Bo sure, the time would be opportune, and the attention of Great Britain distracted by some momentous exigency, when the heir of these great estates sought to enter into possession. The cardinal principal of an alliance, offensive and defensive, once proclaimed, England would have to swallow its con- sequences, however unpleasant. With such contingency in prospect, Bismarck can foresee ample employment for a marine however extensive, and may be willing to offer a large price to secure au efficient naval police for his anticipated territorial addi- tions, But on the do ut dos principle, what is England to get in exchange for such a costly responsibility. It is said, the protec- tion of India and Constantinople from Russian assaults. The first thing that strikes one ia that a protection dependent upon the arying influences of diplomacy is unreliable. If it should suit Bismarck to let England seetho in the gravy of her own troubles in a time of; soro strait, he will do it with as much indifference as he watched the writliings of Franco in the day of her great agony. Llis legions strain at the leash for an object other than the re- tention of colonies, or the defence of the Golden LTorn. They Avait their impending hour of trial, when the tocsin of assault shall sound on one frontier, while the wild hurrah of the Cossack rings on the other. In such an hour of deadly strife of . what import will be tho temporary occupancy of a few worthless colonies. The war will be waged to an issue of national life or death. The victor will dictate his OAVII terms and cripple for attack the vanquished for another half-century, by taking just as much ter- ritory and treasure as he may think lit, The French navy, and that of course ia the one chiefly aimed at, did nothing in the late Franco-Prussian war, but admitting that in the next it seized every colonial pos- session under the German ilag, supre- macy in the home struggle would involve the disposal of all external territory. As for Russia, events have proved her invulnerable, Her indigenous generala Frost, Fever, and Fire avenged the loss of Moscow and Sebastopol. Enterprise against her is costly and barren of result. Common-sense may yet create a belief in Great Britain that a Russian holder of Constantinople would be as beneficial to the world as a Turk, and that tho best way to curb the expansion of that Empire to- wards India is to give it unfettered play in the opposite direction. * For Great Britain, the rumoured alliance if effected would be a departure from modern practice. Continental alliances have set their signet in the history of the mother-country in the'shape of wontonly-lavished blood and recklessly- incurred debt. Millions of trea- sure, squadrons of ships, and successive annies were wasted to restoro that balance of power Avhich oscillated at Austerlitz. Hanover has cost Great Britain many times the value of its fee- simple, A sentimental partnership with Napoleon" III. was dearly paid for by the Crimeau campaign, Bismarck's price would probably be higher, bia power and ambition being so much greater, Tt is Avell known that the sympathies of the Court of St. James are intensely German. In that they march with the proverbial policy of the Conservative party, xvho still cherish as their "fetish" faith in the divine right of kings, and feel au instinctive distrust of governments based on purely democratic principles. Despite all tho rhodoniontade about the unprotected state of Great Britain, her skeleton army, her insufficient ileet, she is a great power and nover of such weight as when unhampered by the manacles of Continental alliances. Neither France, Ger many, nor Russia are likely to interfere with her peaceful development ; Austria cannot ; Italy is too bound by self- interest to be un- friendly. Why then should any great poli- tical party be guilty of hurling the glaive of provocation to two great nations whose developed strength is held iu restraint to meet eventualities with which Great Britain has no concern. It is very hard to say what Bismarck may or may not do. He is a man with the courage of his opinions. Long before his great ability won recogni- tion, his undiplomatic frankness disarmed suspicion. The humiliation of Austria, the duel with France, were confessed stages in his grand projects for the unification of the fatherland. An ultimate struggle for supremacy with the Slav has more than once been the subject of his acknowledged convictions. His forecast will prove as accurate as prophecies usually do prove when their determination rests in the hands of the prophet. One may be certain that he will take his own day and hour for fulfil- ment, yet to parade such an important partnership as that between the land forces of Germany and the sea strength of Great Britain, seems to those not in the secret of political thimble-rigging the best possible mode to provoke the danger against which it is supposed to be directed. In the mean- time, one party to the bargain has to marshal her military contribution to the firm in naval review, aud to enter upon a costly outlay to place her fleets upon a level with those of any two possible rivals. Is it all, in theatrical language, a gag to blind the public to an expenditure for warlike purposes, against which otherwise nasty demonstrations might take place 1 The R.M.S. Quetta, with Sir Henry W. Norman on board, arrived in Moreton Bay last evening, and in accordannce with the arrange- ments that had been made, as soon as she dropped anchor at the bar, two -guns were fired from the Obsorvatory at Wickham-terrace. At . 9 o'clock this moring the Lucinda, having on board tho members of tho Government, and of the Legislative Council and Assembly, togothor with a fow specially invited gentlemen, will proceed down the river to the Quetta. On her arrival alongside the mail steamer, the Luoinda's passengers will informally welcome His Excellency, and ho will he invited to como up lo the city in the Government yacht. When the Lucinda crosses the har and enters the river the Union Jack over the descriptive flag over a white flag will bo hoisted on tho flagstaff at the Observatory, and will ho kept flying until the arrival of the Bteamer at tho place of landing, which has been decided upon as the Munioipal wharves, Potrie's Bight. It is expected that the formal landing will take place about 2 o'olnek, and this event will be announced by a vice-regal salute from the Gardon Battery. His Excellency, on coming ashore, will be received hy his worship the Mayor and the munioipal authorities, who will presenthim with an address of welcome. Ho will then enter his carriage, and the procession, which will have been formed previously, will march by way of Potrie's Bight, Queen- street, and George-street to Government House. The important ceremony of swearing in Sir Henry Norman as Governor of Queensland will be performed in the drawing-room at Government House. Great interest has heon manifested in the reception of the new Governor, and during the last two or three days there has been a considerable influx of visitors to Brisbane. The 10.23 train from Toowoomba last evening brought to town quite double the average number of passengers which usually arrive by it. In the recent arbitration case between John Robb, contractor, and the Commissioner for Railways it will be remembered that the arbi- trators, two of whom were selected by the Government and the third by tho contractor, in their award decided that the costs of the arbitration should be borne by the Railway Department. The Government objeoted to this, as tho contract under which the matter was referred to arbitration provided that, unless the contractor obtained an award equal to three-fourths of his olaim, he should pay the costs of tho arbitration, and tho award to the contractor was not equal to three- fourthB of his claim. Tho Commissioner for Railways, acting under instructions, has movod for a rule nisi in the Supreme Court, and threatened logal proceedings. Messrs. Macpherson, Mis- kin, and Feez, acting on behalf of Mr. Robb, rather than have any further litigation over the matter, thereupon entered into in arrange- ment with the commissioner ' by which each party was to pay his own arbitrator's foes. The Cliiof Secretary has just received from the Agent-General for the library of the Bris- bane Museum what is described as a very rare engraving of the eighteenth century, " Papua men in New Guinea in their canoes hunting wild hogs." He has also received for the saine institution a scarce copper medal from the same die as the original, which is behoved to have boon struck in gold and-was prenented to Captain Cook by the Royal Society of London. On the faco of the medal is a portrait bust of Captain Cook, surroundod by the inscription Jac. Cook Oceani investigator ncerrinms," and iu smnller typo undor the portrait " Reg. Soo. Lond. Socio Suo." On the obverse is a representation of Britannia with the inscrip- tions "Nil intontatum nostri liquere," Auspioiis Georgii III." Tile ençraviug was purchased for 15s., and the medal for 10s. Gd. M. Focachon, a warder from the French Penal Establishment at New Caledonia, who arrived in Brisbane on Monday, has identified as escaped convicts tho four men who were arrested at Toppoon a few weeks ago. It will be remembered that a lnrge boat was found run ashore in a small creek, and that these men were arrested on suspicion of having journeyed in her from New Caledonia. All spoke Italian fluently, and two of them said thoy were Italians, while the othors claimed that they were of Austrian nationality. M. Focachon, however, ftilly identified them as French de porth, and tho warrants he produced contained full descriptions of each of the men. He states that the boat in which these men left New Caledonia contained at starting seven convicts. It is holievod by the police that all of these men landed in Queensland, and it is expected that tho missing ones will be recaptured before long. The corporation of South Brisbane yesterday entertained at luncheon their worships the Muvor of Adelaide (Mr. .T. Shaw) and the Mayor of Woollahra (Mr. J. C. Neild). Alderman Kennedy presided, in tho absence from town of Alderman Stephens (mayor), and proposed the health of Mr. Shaw, to whioh that gentleman responded, reiterating the views which ho expressed last week as to the advan- tages which the deep-drainage system adopted in Adelaide had conferred upon that city, and urging tho adoption of a similar scheme in Brisbane. Alderman Ileaslop proposed the health of Mr. Neild, who suitably replied. The B.I.S.N. Company's R.M.S. Quetta, from London, ria ports, with passengers, in- cluding His Kxcellenoy Sir Henry Norman, Lady Norman, and Miss Norman, and suite, immigrants, and a general cargo, arrived and anchored in the Brisbane roadstead at 7.lo p.m. yesterday. She will ascend the river on to-morrow morning's tide. The Quetta brings 11G immigrants and 1S00 tons of general cargo for Brisbane. Complaints have frequently been made by consignees of fruit, more especially of bananas, from Northern Queensland, that thty sustain heavy losses owing to the negligence of the officers of the A.U.S.N. Company's steamers. Tho company's employés have been charged with elamaging largo quantities of bananas by the manner in which the fruit is handled and stowed. The company, on the other hand, deny that bananas shipped by their vessels are injured in any way during transit or in loading or unloading. A representative of this journal had yesterday an opportunity of observing the manner in whioh bananas are stowed on board the company's steamer Birksgate, which re- cently arrived from the North with several hundred bunches shipped at Cairns for Sydney and Melbourne. Tho bananas, which were stowed in the spaoious 'tween decks of this ves- sel not more than two or three tiers high, cer- tainly did not show any signs of having been carelessly handled, and had evidently been stowed with great care. They had been on board hardly seven days, and several bunohea wero at that stage quite unmarketable, the fruit having ripened and dropped off, and afterwards been crushed by tho weight of tho bunohea above them. The weather experienced during tho voyage was comparatively fine, and during a portion of the time the hatches were kept open to admit fresli air to the 'tween decks so that everything was favourable to the transit of the fruit, and yet it has arrived in had condition. It is well known that bananas carried in the holda as well as tho 'tween decks of steamers trading between Fiji and Sydney, where tho voyage lasts from six to seven days, are landed in good condition. These faots seem to point to the conclusion that the growers cut the fruit at a too advanced stage. It is also said thnt bananas grown in the vicinity of Cairns suffer a good deal in transit from tho plantations to the steamer, large quantities being convoyed on pack-horses. Yesterday afternoon the olothes of a boy named George Richards, aged 14 years, who was engaged in oiling some machinery in the lithographic establishment of Messrs. M^ellar and Co., were oaught in a cog-wheel. The un- fortunate lad waa dragged down and whirled round the shaft to which tho wheel was attached at a terrible pace. His screams gave the alarm and the machinery was stopped without a moment's delay, but not beforo the lad had been vory seriously injured. He was removed to tho hospital, where, on examination, it was found that his right arm, from the elbow to tho shoulder, was very much mutilated and the bo'no broken, and that his chest was severely hurt. On inquiry late last evening it was learned that Richards was doing as well as could be expected. But for the promptitude with whioh the machinery was stopped the results would have boen far more serious. As soon as tho débris left by the recent fire at the job-printing office of Messrs. Pole, Out ridge, and Co. in Potrie's Bight had been cleared away stops were taken for the ereotion of a now and substantial building. The con- tractors for thia work have, however, been compelled to ceaso their labour for the present, as tho recent rains so loosened tho soil at the rear of the allotmont that about five tonB of it havo fallen down and crushed in the newly built back wall of the now structure. The contractors will bo in a position to remove ' the earth and recommonce building operations in a few days. Mrs. Moore having resigned her position a3 head mistress of the girls and infants' sohool, Woolloongabba, tho teachers and scholars yes- terday presented her with a handsome and richly chased silver tea urn, as a slight token of the love and esteem with which she is regarded. The children vied with one another in bringing Howers, which were tastefully arranged around tho urn on a centre table. A suitable address was road by one of the teachers. Mrs. Moore, in her reply, thanked the teachers and scholars for the way in which they had worked with her, and expressed pleasure at the good feeling that had always existed between her and her staff. It is muoh regretted that the faithful discharge of her duties has impaired her health and rendered it necessary for her to resign her position. In order to decide the rival claims of the East Brisbane Cricket Club and the Second Alberts to tho Carow,'Garduer, and Billington challenge cup it has been arranged to play the final match on the ground of the New Parra Club on Saturday noxt and the following Saturday. At a meeting of members of the Independent Order of Foresters (Manchester Unity), held last night in the district Chambers, Charlotte Btreet, Mr. J. T. Nicoll, P.G.M., presiding, it was agreed that it was not advisable that the Order should be represented in the demonstra- tion to wcloeme his Excellency the Governor. Owners of horses intended to toko part in the Maryborough Jookoy Club's winter race meet- ing, on the Gth and 7th June, will bear in mind that nominations for the first and second hurdle races, the Dundathu Handicap, M.J.C., Grand Stand, Pialba, Town Plato, Criterion, aud Granville Guineas handicaps must bo sent in to the secretary M.J.O., or secretary Q.T.C., by 8.30 p.m. to-day. Mr. G. T. Bell offered for sale by auction, in tho Town Hall yesterday, thirty-five lota of town Croxvn lands, in the parish of South Bris- bane, situated on tho proposed railway line tf Molbourne-street, and adjoining the gaol ant? sohool reservos. Tho attendance was good, and all the lots wero sold with the exception x>f three. The upset price for the lots sold was ¿3015, while the price realised was £4011. We understand that John and Margaret Mackay, husband and wife, havo been ordered to appear at tho City Police Court on the 7th May, to answer a charge of manslaughter. The caso arises out of the death of the defen- dants' child, aged six weeks, which ooourred about the 1 Gth of March. In consequence ol certain reports the body was exhumed on tho 23rd March, and a post-mot ten examination made in Toowong Cemeterj by Drs. Bancroft and Lucas. At th« magisterial inquiry evidence was given of negleot, and it is no doubt on this ground that the charge is preferred. The case is a re- markable one, inasmuch as the death of the infnnt was the cause of another person's death. It appears that a man named Charles Isaacs waa employed to convey the body of the child in a spring oart to the cemetery, and on the woy the cart ran over an old lady named Elizabeth. Phillips, who died from the effects of the accident. Drs. Purcell and Tayloi attended Mrs. Phillips, and in consequence of an examination made after her death, we believe the man Isaacs has also been sum- moned to appear to answer a charge of man- slaughter. At the Cleveland Police Court on Monday, before Messrs. P. Hiley and W. Hiley, JJ.P., a man named T. Coxe was charged with having made use of obscene language on the public street at Cleveland ; he pleaded guilty, and was fined 40s. and 3s. Gd. costs of court, in default one month's imprisonment in Bris- bane Gaol. A similar charge was preferred1 against a man named H. Nicholson. The defendant pleaded guilty, and was fined 20s. and 3s. Gd. costs, in default fourteen days' imprisonment. R. Williams, who was charged by the Wellington Point Police with disor- derly conduct, pleaded guilty, and was fined 10s. with 3s. Gd. costs of court, or seven days' imprisonment. W. Hickey, charged with disorderly conduct in a public road at Cleveland, pleaded guilty, and was fined fia. and 3s. Gd. costs, or twenty-four hours in the lookup. The fines in all these cases were paid, Our Rookhampton correspondent telegraphs that a dividend of 2s. per share was declared yesterday by the Mount Morgan Gold Mining Company, as the result of the past month's work. The amount of the dividend is £100,000. A supplement to the " Government Gazette" issued on Monday contains particulars of Bales of Crown lands to bo held on tho -1th June at Ayr, Bowen, Nerang, Ipswich Maryborough, Roma, and Warwick. The annual meeting of the Presbytery of Brisbane was hold in the Ann-street church last evening. The Rev. J. Carson, moderator, constituted the meeting with prayer. He then thanked the members of the Presbytery for the assistance they had given him while occupying the moderator's chair during one of the busiest years the Presbytery had had in his experience. The Rev. A. C. Smith (Mowbraytown) the next on the roll to occupy the position of moderator, then took the chair. The Re v. R. Kerr was re appoiated clerk, and /Mr. J. M. Brydon treasurer. The financial statement showed a small balance in favour of the Presbytery. A communication was read from Mr. J. B. Henderson, asking that in the interest of Presbyterianisra in the Logan and Albert dis- trict the various preaching stations, including Coomera and Pimpama, should be erected into a charge, and that the Rev. W. D. Meiklejohn should be recognised as the first .minister thereof. In roply to questions, Mr. Meiklejohn .Baid that there were thirteen preaching stations, and that thenumber of members and adherents of the Presbyterian Church in tho district was about 100\. He thought that if the Presbytery gratitud the application, the charge should be named the Logan and Albert Charge. There were the beginnings of three charges in that district, and he thought that if some stops were not taken ,now to próvido for the spiritual needs of the people there, it would not be necessary for the Presbyterian Church to do so at any future time, as the ground would betaken up by other denominations. Considerable discussion fol- lowed, and the application was ultimately granted by a majority, and Mr. Meiklejohu's name was added to the roll of the Presbytery. Mr. Kerr submitted the Presbytery's report, which will be laid before the Assembly, which meets next week. The report was adopted, and some formal business was afterwards transacted. A successful and well attended entertainment Was given last evening in the Alliance Hall, Woolangabba, in aid of the building fund of Holy Trinity Church. The first portion of the programme consisted of a ooncert. Mrs. Goro was applauded for her rendoring of "Who was it," and Miss Lewis did justice to the pretty little love song called " Maggie Darrow's wel- come." Mrs. Chetwynd, who is an ablo per- former, gave two pianoforte solos. Messrs. Laurence (violinist) and Dicker (pianist) gave the fantaisie "Scene de ballot" in a manner which deserves praise. A comic reading by Mr. M'Mtillen seemed to bo much enjoyed by the audience. The second part of the enter- tainment was entitled " Mrs. Jarley's wax- works." Tiie "figures" represented a groat variety of characters from Queen Victoria down to Little Jaok Horner, the parts being oloverly taken by a number of ladies and gentlemou. Some of the costumes wore very handsome. ?'Mrs. Jarley" as the showwoman was very humorous. ? The ordinary monthly meeting of tho Queensland United Licensed Victuallers' Asso- ciation was held on Moriday night. There were present : MesBrs. J. Gratton (president) in tho chair, H. T. Pickett, N. M'Dormott, P. White, T. Lehane, M. Foloy, and M. Daly. Accounts amounting to £19 Os. 2d. were passed for payment. It was announced that a branch of the association had been established At Hughenden. Mr. James Macmahon, the well-known thea- trical manager, left Hobart yesterday for Brisbane, with tho object of arranging for a Season in this city of the famous Silbón Family of acrobats and entertainers. The Mortyno Family appeared at the Gaioty Theatre again last evening to a good down Stairs audience. The entortainment went very Bmoothly and was thoroughly enjoyed by those who witnessed it. This evening the same pro- gramme will bo ropeatod. At the Opera House last ovoning Mr. Charles Warner's company again appeared in the highly emotional drama of "Drink." The theatre, as has been the case ever since the commencement of the present season, was crowded in every part, and shortly before the rising of the curtain " standing room only" was announced. The play will bo repeated to- night, but to-morrow ovoning it will give placo to Bulwer Lytton's dramatic masterpiece, "Tho Lady of Lyons." At a committee meeting of the Brisbane Musical Union held last evening it was decided torenderHandel's oratorio " JudasMaccabteus" on Thursday, 9th instant. This favourite work has been in activo rehearsal under the con Auctorship of Mr. E. F. Dingle for somo months. The committee unanimously elected Sir Henry Norman patron of tho union, and it is hoped that his Excellency will be present at this, the first concert of the seventeenth beason. As notified in our advertising columns, tickets may be had and subscriptions paid at Messrs. Gordon and Gotoh's. Our Gympie correspondent, writing on 20th April says:-A good deal of interest was taken here in the result of the race between several members of the Gympie Mounted Infantry troop on their return from the Lytton encampment, and a considerable crowd mustered at the Monkland yesterday to witness the arrival of the winner. Telegrams had come to hand to the effect that there were eleven competitors, and that they started from tho Railway Bridge, Roma- street, at half-past 2 o'clock on Wednes- day afternoon. The conditions of the race were that those competing should be fully equipped in marching costume, and that at tho finish no horse should be distressed from over- riding, or in a condition unable to go a further distance. The prizes offered were three in number-£20, £13, and £6 10s. The first to appear was Corporal Moodie, closely followed by Sergeant-major G. Neill and Private II. Edwards. As thoy neared the goal a stiff race ensued. Edwards succeeded in passing Neill, who had eased off somewhat, and rapidly came up with Moodie, whoso horse, flurried by the shouting of the crowd, refused for a few seconds to pass the gate at the railway-crossing. Just at this critical moment Edwards shot past, winning the race close on the post, Moodie second, and Sergeant- major Neill some fifty yards behind. Of the other competitors some gave up in negotiating the Range, or at other stages of the long and fatiguing journey. The state of the roads owing to the contiuued rains was very had. The following is the medical superintendent's /eport of the state of the Woogaroo Asylum for last week:-In the house at last report, 473 males 364 females; since admitted, 2 males; discharged, 3 males 1 female; remaining,-172 males 303 females. The medical superintendent acknowledges the receipt of parcels of news- papers from Mrs. Ayscottgh and Mrs. Morrow, Brisbane, for the patients at Goodna; news- papers from Mrs. George Thom and Mr. "Walker, Ipswich, for the patients at Sandy Gallop ; and a quantity of plants from Mr. W. Aylott, Ipswich, for the grounds of the latter institution. A very interesting evening was spent at the Free Methodist Guild meeting on Monday evening. About 200 young men and women were present. The members of the Young Women's Christian Association paid a visit to the guild to spend a social eveninif. The Rev. Osborne Lillev in a short address welcomed the association. Piano solos were contributed by Miss Treveunen, Mr. Turnbull, Mr. Reed, and Miss Lilley ; a read- ing from Josh Billings was given by Mr. Bam- ford ; songs and recitations wera given by Miss M. Windle, Miss Rudd, Miss M'Arthur, Miss Jack, Miss Melrose, 'and Misa Paul. During the evening fruit was handed round, and at tho close of the entertainment the young people anuibod thomselves with parlour games. t Miss Hodgson, the secretary of tho Y.W.C.A., ex- pressed her pleasure at the arrangements, and hoped another sooial evening would soon bo held by the tsvo associations. The meeting closed with singing and prayer. Miss Lydia Mamreoff von Finkolstein, whose lectures on Eastern and Biblical life havo for some years past excited much attention in Great Britain and America, and, moro recently, in tho Southern colonies, will arrive in Brisbane per Quetta to-day. Since her former visit to Australia sho has again spent some time in Jerusalem, her native city, and has doubtless added many fresh' items to her already very interesting repertory. Miss von Finkelstein's lectures and entertainments are au instance of what may bo done by appeals to the eye ns well as to the ear, in exhibiting tho truth of the Scripture narrative. For instanoo, such incidents as a morning call, tho dispensing of Oriental hospitality, the various rites and coromouios oonueoted with mnrriage, tho "salutation by the way," aud parables, or illustrations such as those concerning " tho lost piece of silver," and " tho camel passing through the eyo of au needlo" aro vividly de- picted. Many of the illustrations could only be furnished by a lady, as iu the East men havo no access to tho women's apartments. Miss von Finkolstoiu, who is gifted with great dramatic power, always lectures in Oriontal costume assisted by ladies aud gentlemen similarly attired, The platform is also fitted up with tents, furniture, piotures, arms, etc., and thus striking living pictures of some of tho most interesting scenes in Bible history aro prosonted. Tho sup'erintondont of the Reformatory for BoyB at Lytton acknowledges, with thanks, the rocoipt of tho following donations for the in- mates :-£5 from Mr. A. J. Hookings, for prizos; 2510 19s. to the Recreation Fund, from the officers at the Easter Encampment ; titree cases of fruit from tho Hon. B. D. Morehead ; one caso of fruit from Captain Le "Vaux ; one tin of lollies from Mrs. Spilsbury, Queen stroot ; and 1001b. fancy biscuits from F. W. Wilson and Co., Max-y-streot. Messrs. Watson, Ferguson, and Co. hove, just issued thoir ABC Timo-tablo and Diary for May. Tho various tablea have boon cor- rected to date, and as it is very handy for roforonce it cannot fail to bo useful. A meeting of tho Ithaca Shire Counoil was convened for yesterday afternoon, but as Mr. James Scott was the only momber present the meeting was adjourned till Thursday next. In our epitome of news undor yesterday's dato it was stated that the annual roport of tho Equitable Insurance Association of Dunedin showed a debit hillanco of £28,5IG, whoroas in our telegrams from Now Zealand the debit bnlanco is olenrly stated at £285 lGs. The mistake in tho epitome column is obvious. Tho steady application of the Indian forest laws during tho viceroyaltios of Lord Ripon and Lord Dufferin is (tho Daily News states) beginning to mnko its effect felt. Offences against tho laws have greatly diminished, as tlio beneficial offoot of tbo preservation of forests upon rainfall, tomporaturo, and water supply is beginning to bo appreciated by the natives. The aroa of protected forest land has inoreased from 15,570 to 18,691 Bquaro milos. Largo plantations of teak and mahogany havo been made in Burmah and at Nilambur. During the four years previous to 18S1 tho res-cnuo receipts from forests wero about sixty sovon lacs each year. By tho end of Lord Ripon's administration thoy had risen toninoty four laos, and during Lord Dufferin's Vioo royalty they had increased to 11G lacs. Thoso figures, whioh Nature quotes, do not include any sums received from Upper Burmah, so the iuorease is solely due to tho bénéficiai action of an organised control of the forests in India propor. In most tropical countrios the pro- ducts of the soil must always rank among tho chiof natural riches, and British-India is no exception to the rule. What with tho warm sun and sufficient rainfall, tbo luxuriant vogo tation of its forest lands ought to bo controlled and proteoted both for tho sako of its own intrinsic valuo, and also for its important effect upon tho climate. Tho Forest Depart- ment theroforo ought to bo dovoloped to the fullest extent, and it is a false economy to attempt so great a work with too weak a staff. Tho inorooso of revenue whioh has followed the working of tho department with its prosent staff is a striking sign of its futuro possibilities. The latest Parisian and London oostumos now on view in Finney, Isles, and Co.'s magnificent show windows in thöir nosv warehouse in Edsvard and Adelaide streets aro well worthy of inspection.-[ADVT.] 