QUEENSLAND. BRISBANE, 19th July. The German barque Gerdheyc, whilst on a trip from Rockhainpton to Newcastle, went ashore on a eand bank near Moreton Bay during a gale on Thursday night. It is exnected that she will be floated off.. The Anglo Saxon mine, Maytown, has de clared its seventh dividend of 23. on 40,800 shares. The Albatross Government stoamer arrived to-day from Cooktown with three Now Guinea natives implicated in the massaoro of tho crew of the ketch WikLDuck. Good gold 13 reported to have been discovered at the Conglomerate, uear Maytown. Thirteen claims have been takon up to-day. BRISBANE, Sunday. A deputation of Danes waited on Mr. A. H. Pictzcker, Danish Consul, yesterday, to request liim to resign, as tiicy objected to having a Ger man for Danish Consul. Sir. Pietzcker refused to resign, and the deputation thereupon intimated their intention to petition the Danish Govern ment for his removal. BRISBANE, Monday. A beche-de-mer fisherman, named Johnston, arrived at.Thursday Island, reports having shot one of his nativo crew in self defence. They threatened his life while ho was fishing in Torres Straits. Johnston is now in gaol at Thursday Island. ' BRISBANE, Tuesday. Two hundred miners in the Day Dawn Com pany, Charters Towers, struck work to-day rather than submit to the new rule compelling them at the end of their day's work to strip from their working clothes in the dressing room. BRISBANE, Wednesday. Au action is pending in the Supremo Court bctweon Frederick Moycnburg (plaintiff) and Wm. Pattison, Thomas Skarratt Hall, Walter R. Hall and William Knox Darcy (defendants) foit 14,583 shares in tho Mount Morgan GoldMinirija Company Limited., Plaintiff was mauager.at th|) Mouut Morgan minc3; defendants wore the pro prietors of the Mount Morgan mine bofore it was formed into a registered company. Tho case is to be tried at Brisbane next month. The steamer Merrie England ha3 arrived at Cooktown from Port Moresby with Sir Wm. MacGregor, the administrator of British New Guinea, on board. Warden Ranking, of Rockbampton, has telegraphed with reference to the discovery of gold at Mount Chaffcy that it is likely to be of great importance. Ho has proclaimed it a gold- field provisionally. Tiio field will probably be unworkable to persons without capital. BRISBANE, Thursday. It is understood tho Government intend to stop free immigration, ami otherwise restrict Immigration. It is believed fully 30 percent, of tho immigrants find their way to the southern colonies after arrival in Queensland. A deputation of five members of the Assembly waited on Mr. Morchead to-day, to protest against the removal of the Supremo Court from Bowcn to Townsville. Mr. Morchead said 17 members, representing tlio majority of tlio northern constituencies, had recently waitcd upon him niul made a strong case in favor of tho removal of tho court to Townsville, but when tho bill was introduced the majority in the ; Houso would decide. Tho live stock returns for tho past year are Ilnrscs 324,326, iucreaso 18,461 ; horned cattle 4,654,932, increase 181,216; sheep 13,440,009, increase 517,847 ; pigs 68,994, decrease 4669. 