Lo.nuos, M.-.y lOtii. An artist nomerl Pilot-.! ha- assaulted M. Rochcfort, the celt-brat jm! revolutionary deputy in the French Legislative Chamber, who lied with General lloul >.nger in cr use quence of the revelations in connection v. ith the Patriotic League The .vsault look place in Ucsfmt-alrei'l;, and Pilotel, after strikiug Kochefort, il d. JP-ebi f rt drew a revolver and pursued the ai lisr until arrested by the police. Later on Boclnfoit was bailed out fiom the lock- up by Mr Frank Harrie, the editor of the Fortnightly Review, the police having r«-fu?:>d the oil or of General Boulaoger to stand s bail. The two Australian bicyclists, Messrs Buraton and Stuke.-, y»u.)m*iii» uruithn ago started from Melbourne on a tour round the world, aod who a month ago reach'. 1 Con stantinople, have n»w arrived at Bmm\ They «ill shortly proci ed t » FrsncJ. Prince Albert Victor, ebb'stson of the Prince of Waler, who has b-:on mentioned as the probable sucenafo;- to the Marquis of Londonderry as Lord Li n'.cnrnt of Irciauu, will visit Belfast on Monday. A memorial, M^ucd \>y 1S1 members <f the Opposition in the French Chamber of Deputies, linn been pre-en! m to Pn-sidtnt Csrno1", in which the attention of the President i- formally called to the l.«ct that the ambassadors representing Die foreign Powers were all absent from the ceremony of opening the Exhibition now being hvld in Paris in celebration of the centenary of the French Revolution. The memorial expresses regret that the Powers should have chosen to take this attitude in conn cction with the celebration. Captain Murrill, commander of the British steamer Missouri, who jettisoned portion of his cargo in order tn enable him to take on , hoard the GOO Danish immigrants belonging } to the ship Daomark, which was lately lost in the Atlaotio, arrived at Tilbury Dooks to-day, and, in acknowledgment of his humane conduct, was received with a great ovation. The passengers by the P. and O. Company's R.M.S. Britannia, which hag jast arrive 1 from Australia, joined in the hearings With reference to the loss of npccie to the value of £5000 from the Orient Steam Navigation Company's R.M.S. Iberin, which recently arrived from Australia, the London police, after close investigation, are of opinion that the gold was never placed on board the veasel, but that the deficiency has arisen owing to ehort delivery iu Melbourne. 