In the Leois-atiy- Assemuly on Thursday, After debate, the Legal Reform Bill was read a second timo, and its committal made au order of the day for Thursday, the 20th iustant. Tho Hourse adjou nel at 10.25 p.m. till Tuesday next. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. THURSDAY, JUNE 6. Mr. SMITH presented a petition from landowners and selectors in the district between Bowen and Mackay, praying for the extension of the railway from Mackay. The petition was read and received. Messrs. ALLAN and CASEY presented petitions from the .Schools of Arts at Allora and Charloville respectively, Bimilartothe one recently presented by Mr. Jessop. The petitions were received. Mr. NELSON, in reply to Mr. Allan, said that a detailed estimate had beeu prepared, based upon the permaueut survey of the proposed lins from Muubilla to Llanduuk, aud would be ready iv a .week. Ho could not say at present when it was intended to bring this section before Par liament. It was not intended to expend the vote placed upon the Loan Estimates for the Ipswich-Worwiok line uoon any other service than that for which it was voted. The survey of the Ipswich-Warwick line would probably be resumed in three or four months. In reply to Mr. Adams, Mr. Nelson said that the amount of the unexpended vote authorised in 1884 for a railway from B'indaberg towards Gladstone was £122,119 18a. od. Leavo having been granted, Mr. UNMACK brought in a bill to restrict the use of tho totali sator to racecourses. The bill was read a first time and the second reading fixed for Thursday, 27th June. Mr. ISAMBERT moved,—"That an address be presented to the Governor, praying that his Excellcucy would be pleased to cause to be laid on the table of this House all papers, correspon dence, or communications with the Dutch Go vernment of Java, or British Consul at Batavia or elsewhere, or with the British Government, rela tive to the introduction of Javaness or coloured labourers from Java into Queensland." The motion was agreed to. Mr. BLACK moved,—"That the House will, at its next sitting, resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole to consider the desirableness of in troducing a hill to further amend the Crown Lands Acts, 1881 to 1386, and for other pur poses." The motion was agreed to. THE SUGAR INDUSTRY. Mi*. COWLEY moved,—"That in the opinion of this House it is desirable, early next session, to adopt some means for encouraging the sugar in dustry." In doing so he suicorely trusted that bygones would be bygones, that no personal matter would be brought into the discussion, that the question would be discussed entirely upon its merits, and that speakers would keep within the four corners of the report of the Royal Commissiou, which placed the House in a better position than ever before to arrive at a conclusion upon this very important question. He then re ferred to the Acts passed from 1862 to 1835 deal ing with tho introduction of cheap coloured and European labour, as proving that the Govern ments who brought these measures forwnrd were desirous of establishing on a permanent basis a large tropical agricultural industry. The at tempt to import cheap European labour had resulted in failure, as there were no mon to be obtaiued, and up to the preseut time the Central sugar-mills had not been a suc cess; and it was estimated that it would take at least three or four years more to prove whether sugar could be properly grown by white labour. With these facts before them those interested in the sugar industry might fairly come before Par liament and ask that some means should be adopted to encourage it. For the purpose of showing the great importance of the sugar in dustry he quoted statistics from the report of Mr. Groom, the chairman of the commission, which stated that of the total area of laud under cultiva tion iv the colony at the end of 1887—205,737 acres—sl,Bls, or one-fourth of the whole, were under sugar cultivation, that the capitil invested was about £5,000,000, that the machinery em ployed represented £1,000,000, that the annual expenditure was scarcely less than £700,003, that tliesugar exported in 1887 was 17,000 tons, which, at £20 per ton, represented a value of £340,000, and that the number of Europeans employed in connection with the industry wasbetween2OoOand 3000 ; 2557 was, he found, the actual number. The chairman of the commission went on to stato that the number of persons more or less di rectly interest*! in the industry was 10,000, tHat the wages paid to kanakas amounted to £50,000, but he (Mr. Cowley) thought about £60,000 per annum, while the sum paid to Europeans amounted to £100,000. The latter amount should have been £174,210, which were the correct figures. The chairman futther stated in his report that in the districts north of Townsville the farmers' produce was almost entirely consumed on the plantations, that the snipping trade of the colony was also seriously interested in the matter, aud that it was evident altogether that the prosperity of a very large por tion of the colony depended almost exclusively upon the prosperity or otherwise of the sugar industry. In order to show the a further benefits the colony derived from tho industry, he (the speaker) would quote the evidence given by Mr. Michael Duffy, a retired merchant, who had' carried on business in Bundaberg for ten years. That gentleman found that, during the year ended 30th April, 1879, the total imports aud exports for that port amounted to 0314 tons; while for the year ended 30th April, 1888, they amounted to 38,152 tons, exclusive of the imports of coal, which amounted now to about 14,000 tons per annum. This increase was due to the sugar industry, as was also the great increase which had taken place in population and in the value of town and country property in the locality. The town and district had a population at the last census of 10,500, of which 2000 were Polynesians; and. if the sugar industry failed, the result would be that the town would collapse, as it had nothing else to support it. Mr. Hugh M'Creedy, of the Palmyra plantation before the commission stated that the best proportion of European labourers to kanakas was one to five. He, how ever, had one to four, aud it should not be for gotten, he went on to say, that besides those actually on the estate he gave employment to many others. • The white population of the dis trict, which in 1883-4 was 7400, increased or decreased according to tho prosperity or other wise of the sugar industry. Mr. W. T. White, of the Herbert River, also gave important evidence as to the value of the industry. The same tale was, in fact, told from the northern end of the country right down to Maryborough—that £5,000,000 was sunk in the industry; that it had not ooly estab lished large towns, but maintained them in a state of prosperity, and that it was desirable that there shoultl be legislation to encourage and per petuate it. Now, £700,000, it was stated, was the expenditure iucounection with the industry in 1888, but that was a very bad year, and therefore he thought it would not beau overestimate to say that £1,000,0)0 per annum was about tho correct figure in good seasons. £60,000 of that went to the kanakas—that is, it was paid to them in wages. But they did not keep that money iv their pockets. Everyone who" knew anything about the matter was well aware that the kanaka did not take any money home with him—it was of no use to him iv his own country, and, there fore, he invariably spent it iv purchasing various articles before leaving the colouv. The kanakas, therefore, were only a medium by which this £60,000 per annum went to tho storekeepers aud others. The Europeaus received £174,000, and this sum gave employment to 2500 mon, each of whom received on nu average £70 per annum, independently of board autl rations, There must be at least 4000 persons deriving their living wholly and entirely from tho wages paid to these 2500 men. Ho quoted tho eviden c of Mr. Angus Gibson, of Bundaberg, to show that at Bingeia plantation alono there were S9 males employed, upon whom 55 females were depeudont. Upou looking at it from this point of view they must admit the necessity of support ing an industry of this description. To give an idea of the wages paid directly to men employed iv this industry, he would Quote the evidence of Mr. John Cran, of the Millaquin refinery, Bunda berg, who stated that from £150,000 to £160,000 was invested in the refinery, and the year before last the expenses of wbrlriug were £60,000, while this year they were from £40,000 to £45,000. About 170 Europeaus and 32 Poly nesians wero employed in working the refinery. The wageu paid to kuuakas were lOs. a weok and rations, and amounted in t'.ie total to £433. The total amount of.wages paid last yenr was£lo,sSl, and the year before between £11,000 and £15,000. He further quoted tho evidence of Mr. R. Cran, of the Yengario Refinery, to show that equally large amounts were paid there to Europeans, and a correspondingly small number of kanakas wore employed ; and the evidence of Mr. E. W. Knox, of the Colonial Sugar Refining Company, who said that the total amount of wages paid was— Europeans. £44,522 ; Chinese, £4977; kanakas, £24,8*4; Cingalese, £1276; and Javanese, £7927. Besides this direct payment in wage 3, £460,000 was paid on tho plantations in connection with sugar. From the Millaquin Refinery alone there was twenty miles of piping laid down to convey the sugar to the mill. This mill also used £0000 worth of coal this year aud £14,000 the year before. This coal came from Howard to Maryborough by rail, and thence to Bunda berg by steamor, and 5000 tons of limestone was also used by this mill in malting lime. Thus it would be seen that the miners, shippers, and teamsters derived great benefits from the money spent by the planters. Tho Tengarie and Colonial Sugar refineries were instances also in which equal bonefits resulted. He also quoted the evi dence to show that the sugar industry was the mainstay of Bundaberg, and from the evidence of a saw* miller there it was shown that the timber industry depended to a very large extent upon sugar. Mr. Munro, agent for the A.U.S.N. and 8.1.5. N. Companies, said in his evidence that the sugai industry was a very large factor in thoir trade,' aud that they would be considerable sufferers if it was to cease. Tho effect of it stopping would he to considerably reduce tho number ef vessels employed upon the coast, and materially advance the upward rate of freights. Iv reality tho sugar was the backbone of their trade in Queensland. In the season 1887-8 tho total quantity of sugar shipped from all Queensland ports by this company was 45,470 tons, but that season there had only been 22.789 tons carried. Roughly- speaking, the freight was 20s. a tou. It could easily be uuder stood that tho largo amount of money thus coming into the hands of tho shipping firms must filter through to all the men employed by them. Mr. Brown, of the firm of Aplin, Brown, and Co., gave evidence of a similar nature. They could thus see that the cessation of the sugar industry would materially reduce the earnings of the large coasting vessels and reduce their numbers, and consequently iucrease freights. The farmers and bouafidc settlers upon the land were a cluss that the sugar industry had done more for than any other industry in this colony. (Hoar, hear.) It was not only that the land had been taken up by wealthy men, who had spent large sums upon it, but the farmers had settled wherever the sugar plantations were worked. They worked on the plantations during the busy seasons, and fanned their own land d'iring the intervals. He believed every planter in the country, without exception, would be only too happy to ship home to his native island every coloured labourer he had, aud accept tho services of the settlers if it could be done. (Hear, hear.) This was the desire of cverv planter, but, unfor tunately for them and for the country, they had been unable to put their desires into effect, and so had to continue operations with the only labour available They would see by referring to 1b.3 eridence that settlers in the sugar-growing dis tricts admitted that they were dependent entirely upon the planters, who purchased their produce. The ramifications of tho sugar industry were so great that every man, woman, and child in the colony Was more or less benefited by its opera tions. If tho industry ceased much of tho land under cultivation would require to be abandoned, and it would revert to jungle, depopulating large areas, and depriving thousands of men with their wives and families of their prevent meant of subsistence. Then, if no sugar wero grown for export, rery little would be put under cultivation for local consumption, and the price of the article would have to be considerably increased. 1 Although the question was one on which there would in all probability be disagree ment, he did not think there would be any dif ference of opinion among members of the Hoiisa as to the desirableness of continuing the industry. (Hear, hear.) It would, therefore, not be out of place to look at the remedies suggested in the report. The chief suggestions were the extension of the Pacific Labourers Act, irrigation, and a reciprocal treaty with the Southern colonies. In two instancos the giving of a bonus by the Government was proposed, but, as a Free-trader, he would never advocate the adoption of the last named suggestion. The planters would much rather have free-trade remedies—that their labour and supplies should be free—than that they should be hampered by anything in the shape- of a tariff. It was the unanimous opinion of the settlers, from Port Douglas to Maryborough, that if the sugar industry were to be retained it was absolutely necessary that the planters should have some kind of reliable labour, and that the best sort of labour which could be got was that of the kanaka. Labouriug men of white colour, as was proved by the evi dence, could not be induced to do all the work required on a plantation, and preferred to "hump their drums " rather than do the labour which was porformed by the kanakas. Mr. Thomas Pearce, chairman of the Racecourse Central Sugar Company, Mackay, who, with Sir S. W. Griffith, initiated tho scheme of central mills, for the purpose of making experiments to prove that sugar could be grown and manu factured by white labour, was now of opinion that by that means sugar growing could only be carried on to a limited extent in that district, aud that white men were not reliable, being apt, when they were most re quired, to take offence, demand their money, and go away. [Mr. GRIMES: " Give us the answer to question 6927."] In reply to that question by Mr. King, the same witness stated that he had employed white men in weeding and planting, but not in trashing, and that they would contract with him all the year round. He (Mr. Cowley) placed great reliance upon Mr. Pearce's evidence because that gentleman had beeu antagonistic to black labour until he had had a little, practical experience as to the matter. Aud Mr. Pearco was not alone in his views; every person connected with the Racecourse Central Mill was unanimous iv the opinion that to make sujar piy it was essential that there should be a certain amount of coloured labour. Mr. R. R. Smellie, of the Mourilyan Sugar Company, gave evidence as to it being their intention to work their plantation by white labour, but after various experiments they were forced to give up tho attempt. On one occasion they brought thirty men out from England under a two yea« engagement ana at wages of £!J0 the first twelve months and £10 the second. The men had only been a short time at work when they began to create many difficulties and gave general dis satisfaction, and all but one were released from their engagements at their own request. Mr. Smellie continued as follows:—"The new chums had not been here long before the white men iv the district commenced to tell them they had come out here to take the bread out of their mouths, and that they had been im posed upon. This made them discon tented and a disconton'.e 1 man is a worthless man The Chairman —Thou they were discontented, not because they could not do the work, but because they were not getting suf ficient wages? [Sir S. W. Griffith and Mr. Hodgkinsoh "Hear hear."] That was it. They would not work for less than the ruling wages of the colony. (Applause.) And thoro is no sugar plantation that can pay the ruling wages of the colony, and grow sugar at a profit. I have no doubt myself that sugar can be grown by white labour—(rcrowed applause)—up to a certain ex tent. But that is nor, the question to bo solved. The question to be solved is whether it can be grown at a profit. If it caunot be grown pro fitably, and to compete .with tho world, it must cease to exist." The House could sco that the planters did not wish to conceal any thing—they all gave thoir evidence freely, fairly, and frankly. Many of the planters believed white mon could do the work, but they would not. [Mr. HO IGKINSON: ' • They wi II if they are paid."] Mr. E. W. Knox, general manager of tho Colonial Sugar Rettnin.: Company, stated that they owned thmo plantation- in Queensland, and if the importation of kauakas ceased in 1890 they would at once make preparations for closing two of them. They would arrange to work-the third as long as labour was obtainable, but would have necessarily to cbso it unless some description of coloured labour coula be procured. The whole report was full of evidence of a like character, all pointing to the fact that, whatever might be done in the future, it was impossible at present to cany on the sugar industry with white labour alone. The central mills had been erected at Mackay, aud the planters there who first thought it was possible to got on without coloured labour found now that thoy were mistaken. [Sir S. W. GRIFFITH: "The system has not l>een tried."] The Central Mills bu-i'boeu tried nnd turned out a failure. The chairrmn in page 48 of tho report stated that in tho coast districts north of Towns ville there was ma great many instance? a disposi tion on the part of Europeaus to have nothing to do with agriculturo until the .land has bsen cleared and made ready for cultivation. Conse quently, he continued, if the question— '« Is Queensland able to do without the sugar industry except on the basis of a white population" was answered in the affirmative, thon undoubtedly a very large por tion of the coast districts of tlio North will not be cultivated at all events for a longtime to come, and from £4,000,000 to £5,030,000 of capital which has been vested in the sugar industry would be wiped out of existenco, and tho whole of the population now dependent upon the sugar in dustry fora livelihood would for a time and until new industries arose be thrown out of employ ment. Could Queensland, continued the chair man, at the present time afford to do this ? Now having shown the advantages which accrued to the colony from the sugar industry, he would address himself to the objections which had bee raised against coloured labour. It had been said that the planters marie large fortunes out of black labour, and spent the money so got out of the country. The evidence taken disproved this. The greatest philanthro pists and tho greatest benefactors of tho colony had been these people. The planters had, up to the present at any rate, derived little or no benefit from the money they spent, although the other members of tin white population had derived great benefit from it. Another objection raised was that kanakas entered into competition with white men, and deprived them of the means of earning money. The reverse was exactly the case, because, as had been proved over and over again, according as the kanaka population in any one place increased, so did tho white population increase, and vice versa. That was undeniably the case at any rate in the coast districts. A small proportion of kanakas might be employed otherwise than at agriculture, but the benefits to ba put down on the other side of the ledger enormously overbalanced this. It could be seen from the evidence of ths Poly nesian inspectors that they knew of very few cases in whioh the kanakas came into competition with the whites: but, even supposing there were a few, they should take into consideration, on the other side of the question, the 10,000 men who. would be thrown out of employment if there were no plantations. Looking at it in that light, they coula allow a far greater number to be em ployed in competition with the whites and still be gainers on the whole. (Hear, hear.) These kanakas did not put the country to any expense— the planters had to bear all the expense of intro ducing them, and hid to return them to their islands when their time was up, while the country had to bear all the expense of introducing white immigrants, or the great bulk of them. It ap peared to him that, after carefully analysing the evidence, the only valid reason which the oppo nents of kanaka labour could give for the non employment of the islanders was that they were black in colour. Supposing the kanakas were removed and the sugar industry was banished, what would be the gain to the people of the colony ? They would still be con sumers of sugar grown by black labour in India and other places, at a higher price, thousands of white men would be thrown out of employment, and an export trade of £800,000 per year would be lost to the colony. The plautors, being awaro that the Act relating to the importation of Pacific Islanders was to come to an end in 1800, had tried to devise some other means whereby they could carry on the cultivation of sugar, but had failed in that. The planters would much prefer that the growing of the cane should be taken up by the farmers, who, howover, would not do it, aud he quoted from the evidence of managers of plantitions and others to show that although tho planters had endeavoured to lease their lsnds at prices from ss. to 20s. per acre, according to the quality, to pay good prices for the cane, and to give overy encouragement to farmers in the shape of advancing them money" to enable them to commence operations, they could not induce them to grow the cane. For that purpose, however, land had been leased in some instances to Chinese. Taking the whole of the evidence into consideration, ho did not think the House could nrrivo at any other conclusion than that for other five or a term of years it was absolutely necessary the privilege of em ploying kanaka labour should be extended to tho" growers of sugar. The' next question of importance was that of irrigation. There was a general consensus of opinion among agriculturists in the colony that the time had now arrived wh^n the Government should devise a comprehensive scheme of irrigation. It would be a great assistance to the planters, who would be able to do with a great deal less coloured jabour than they employed at the present time, because if a regular crop of cane, and regular Kowth from the time it was planted, could assured, it would soon spread over the ground, and do away with much of the weeding. The evidence clearly showed that if such a scheme were initiated, tho people would be prepared to pay for the benefits they would receive, although they had not the money to start the work them selves. As to the other suggestion that a reciprocal treaty should be entered: into with the Southern colonies, it would greatly benefit the sugar industry in Queensland. At the present time the planters of this colony were practically excluded from the Southern markets, or had to sell at a great loss. If a reciprocal treaty could be entered into with Victoria the result would be a saving of at least £4 or £5 per ton to the sugar manufacturers, and no injury would be dove to any other sugar-producing colony. He appealed for legislation on this important question not on behalf of the planters, who, however, would he fully justified in asking for it, but on behalf of the thousands who were employed in connec tion with it, [Mr. MOREHEAD: "Hear, hear."] Ho trusted that the members who had been pre viously antagonistic on this question would again consider it calmly and in the light of the evidence which had been given before the commission. The Leader of the Opposition had stated, as would be found on referring to vol. 47, page 1078, of the Parliamentary Debates, that in all probability further legislation would take place upon the Act. The House, it was to be hoped, would now ex press the opinion that it was de«irable that the period of the retention of coloured labour should be extended for five years longer. That was no great request to make, but if it was granted it would enable the planters to tide over many of their difficulties. If the request was not granted some other assistance ought to be granted iv lieu thereof. Let the sugar industry only be given fair play and it had a great future before it in this colony. Mr. ADAMS said the evidence taken before the commission showed that it was absolutely neces sary, if tho sugar industry was to prosper, that there should be cheap and reliable labour, and that Polynesian labour was that least likely to come in contact with white labour. The Central mill system had been tried, and had turned out a failure. The assistance given under this system simply was a bonus to crush out private individuals. The whole point in the ease was whether the em- Irioyment of Polynesians was injuring white abour, and he thought the report was sufficient to show that such was not the case. How could such an expenditure as annually took place in the sugar industry injure white labour? The agri culturists were asking for nothing but what they were entitled to. It had been proved most conclusively by previous speakers that this in dustry had been a great boon to all classes of the community, and that the European labouring population would be seriously injured if the Industry collapsed. In his own district there were hundreds of families living upon what they earned from the plantations, many of whom were building houses through the building societies, and the consequences of a collapse of the industry would be disastrous to them, as they could not find work elsewhere. Mr. SALKELD congratulated Mr. Cowley upon the straightforward and complete manuer in which he had nut the case of the planters before the House. He was surprised that Mr. Cowley had not been followed by some members of the Ministry, who would have explained the policy of the Government regarding black labour. On that question the Liberal party had declared the policy they intended to pursue in the future by removing from the Statute-book all the Acts pertaining to coloured labour, with the exception of the one at present in existence. The question had been again and again before the country, and at the lost election Sir T. M'llwraith had declared in the most emphatic manner that he would be no party to continuing the Act which authorised the employment of kanakas on sugar plantations. He wondered if the members of the Government were really divided on the question, as they were on some others, and for the purpose of allowing them to make up their minds, he would move the adj jurn ment of the debate. On Mr. Morehead rising, Mr. Salkeld withdraw his motion, Sir S. W. Griffith remarking, " We have drawn hira at last." Mr. MOREHEAD hoped it was satisfactory to the Leader of the Opposition that he (Mr. More head) had been drawn at last, though he con fessed it was rather humiliating to nave to be drawn by the member for Fassiforo. (Laughter.) He was perfectly willing, and had all along been, to address the House. What, after all, was it that the Leader of the Opposition wanted to ascertain from the Government P He wanted to get an expression of opinion with regard to the resolution moved by Mr. Cowley. He (Mr. Morehead) thought that the House wanted something more than that. With regard to this question, there was a difference of opinion. The commission appointed to inquire into the sugar industry consisted of three people, who differed in their opinions in regard to what should be done in its interests. The House had had an exposition from the stand ?ioint of the member for Herbert, who was one of he majority of the commissioners, as to the way in which he had arrived at his conclusions. Mr. Groom differed from the other two members of the commission, and brought up a separate re port. He was perfectly certain that the House hoped and believed that Mr. Groom would have followed tbe mover of the resolution and given his views on the subject. That was what the Government were waiting for. If Mr. Groom was afraid to meet Mr. Cowley in debate on this question he ought to admit it—(cheers)—or answer the arguments brought forward, as the House expected that he would have done. (Sir S. W. GRIFFITH: "He should not."] Unless they were to discuss the report of the commission, what were they there for ? The resolution was a bald one, and had been proposed by Mr. Cowley with the intention of inaugurating a discussion on the report of the Sugar Commission. (Cheers.) He did not think that even Mr. Groom would deny that. The motion had been on the notice paper for a week, and Mr. Groom, as he differed from the views of Mr. Cowley, should have pre pared himself to speak against it. He did not see that the Government woro in any way called upon to express any opinion whatever—[" Oh! oh !"] —but they would do so—(cheers and laughter)— and ho would say at once what they intended to do. The Government did not for a moment intend to meet the difficulty in the way attempted by tho Leader of the Opposition some years ago. They had no intention of meeting the wants, or the sup posed wants, of the sugar-planters by introducing cheap European labour. (Cheers.) Nor did they intend to extend the present existing provisions of the Polynesian Labour Act. (Cheers.) These were two definite positions taken up by the Government, but they were prepared to meet the sugar-planters by way of assisting them as re garded irrigation, or any other system by which such a great industry could be protected, con served, aud not destroyed. (Cheers.) He hoped that tho Leader of the Opposition was satisfied. (Laughter.) He (Sir S. W. Griffith) would not have nis cheap Europeans here, which might be a disappointment to him, and he would not also have a continuation of the present system of Polynesian labour. (Cheers.) He (Mr. More head) quite agreed with what had been said that the Act could not bo continued for another five years, for at tho end of that time a further exten sion of five years might be asked. He did not wish to see, and ho was sure no member on the Government side of the House wished to see Queensland a blackmail's country. (Laughter.) He repeated that emphatically, but they would do all they could, and in that they would, he was certain, have the assistance of members on the other side of the House, to help on an industry, which was not only a great industry at the present moment, but might under good guidance turn out to be one of the greatest industries ia the colony. (Cheers.) Sir S. W. GRIFFITH said he had not listened to any speech coming from the Government side of the House with more pleasure than he had to the one that had been delivered by Mr. Morehead. He was delighted that there was a real prospect of the danger which had threatened the colony for so long a time coming to an end. There was great reason to apprehend that the Government would have given a diffe rent answer to the one they bad given. He would be very glad to have this question removed from the field of politics, and not be troubled with it in the future as they had been in the past. He congratulated Mr. Cowley on his able spoech, which had not, however, convinced him. The resolution had been brought forward to enable the mover to express the opinion that coloured labour should be continued, and that that was the only thing which could save the sugar industry. He (Sir S. W. Griffith) considered that it was absurd for Mr. Morehead to say that Mr. Cowley's speech ought to have been answered not by a member of the Government, but by that member of the commission who differed from the majority. It was the function of the Government to have delivered their views upon the motion. The re port of the majority of the members of the com mission recommended the retention of coloured labour on the plantations for some years longer. If five years' extension was granted, however, would the position of the planters be any better than it was at present ? Polynesian labour could only be obtained from a few islands, and the continuation of imported labour from these islands could not make much difference to the industry. Did not everyone know the real reason of the depression which was affecting the industry in all places except, indeed, the beet sugar producing countries of Europe. The Queensland plasters were emi nently prosperous in comparison with the planters in the West ludies, although in the West Indies there was plenty of cheap labour—the negroes could be hired there for Is, a day or so. The West Indies were also nearer to the great markets, but yet in spite of these advantages the planters there were almost ruined, and would be ruined except there was a change soon. If the Queens land planters had suffered to some extent it was through no deficiency in labour; they had labour enough up to the present, so that could not have been what was crushing them. The planters had up to the present been going on entirely wrong lines. Various bills had been brought iv previously on tho matter. In 183 dan Act was passed that in 1890 black labour should cease. He (Sir S. W. Griffith) state! at that time that this was giving fair warning to the planters that at trie end of that time they would have to make other arrangements. What did the planters do then t The Government of the day were anxious—[Mr. BLA.CK: "To in troduce cheap German labour."] He was saying that the Government of the day were anxious, not as the mouthpiece of the planters said to iutrodune cheap German labour, but—while pro hibiting the introduction of coloured labour—to give the planters every facility to get white labour in England and on the Conti nent of Europe. [Mr. BLACK : " Yes, as I said, cheap German labour."] The planters were more eoucerned to damage the Government than serve their own interests, and what did they do ? There were many of the planters for whom he entertained the greatest respect, but there were others for whom he had not the same feelings, and whom he would not regret if they left the colony, because they had never beenusef uicolonists. The Government of which he was the leader at the time that Act was passed desired to do all the good they consistently could do for the planters, but what did the planters do? He spoke of them at present collectively. Instead of trying to do anything to help the Government iv their endeavours to afford them facilities, they set themselves deliberately to work to spite the Government, and to prevent any labour being obtained from Europe. They caused statements to be made throughout various Continental countries that the work on plantations was not fit for Europeans, that if they came out to Queensland they would be little better than slaves, and generally warned them against accepting engage ments. LAn HON. MEMBER: "The planters did nothing of the sort."] Well the emissaries of the planters did. They inserted statements in the German and Danish newspapers warning persons against coming out. [Mr. ADAMS: ''Name one single planter who did."] If the planters did not do this, who did then ? [Mr. BLACK: " The Government probably." (Laughter.)] That statement was worthy of the planters and! their mouthpiece, and was on a par with many other assertions which had been made. If the planters, instead of devoting three years to cursing him (Sir S. W. Griffith) and his Go vernment as they did—[several hon. membera: •'Nonsense,"]—had made preparations for the altered condition of things which would arise on the termination of Polynesian labour they would be in a better position now than they were at present, and be more grateful to their advisers than to the advisers who encouraged them to take the course they did. For three years the planters had done little else than curie him and nis Go vernment—he did not mean by that term meta phorically cursing, for there was a well-known toast known as " theMackay toast"—(laughter)— and many of the planters never took a drink of whisky or any other stimulant without wishing him and his colleagues to perdition. (Laughter.) After about three years it was suggested that the Northern portion of the colony should bo sepa rated from the Southern in ordej to get coloured labour. When the petitions on this matters were sent to him the dealt with the coloured labour question, but in reply it was said that nothing of the kind was desired, and that that matter had been settled. The present Vice • president' of the Council said he (Sir S. W. Griffith) was acting the part of perpetual policeman on the matter. [Mr; BARLOW: "You are still on duty."] Even if all the advantages stated by the non. member for Herbert were such as had been put forward, still coloured labour would be unde sirable. It was idle to say that it did not com pete with white labour. Only a short time ago oe had received a letter from a correspondent on the Burdekiu river, stating that some hundreds of acres of maize were cultivated there entirely by kanaka labour. It had also been fouud ncces s iry to legislate over and over again to prevent this competition. Then again, the employ ment of kanakas tended t~> degrade the occupation of labour in connection with workiug iv tho field—it tended to cause it to bo regarded as dishonourablo and degrading. That was a very we-'ghty objection against the system. Ho would be glad to do anything in reason for the sugar industry as well as any other industry, aud he admitted that there were lands on the coast specially adapted for the growing of sugar, but up to the present he could not see what could oe done. There was not, he was afraid, much chance of reciprocity being estab lished, and as to irrigation it was said the cost of the work would exceed the value of the land. What should be guarded against was committing themselves to some means of encouraging the in dustry which if thoy failed to carry out would give the planters an opportunity of demanding in lieu thereof an extension of coloured labour. Theyshould guard themselves against walking into a trap. There were various ways cf getting out of a difficulty. He, therefore, proposed as an amendment to insert after the word " means " in the resolution the words " not involving a reopen ing of the coloured labour question." [Mr. MACROSSAN: "Or of the cheap German labour question."] Sir S. W. Griffith in con clusion stated that any real or feasible proposi tion for tho encouragement of the industry would have his hearty support. (Cheers.) Mr. ARCHER said he was not ashamed to confess that he was a champion of coloured labour, and would remain so as long as he con tinued in that House. On Sir S. W. Griffith's own showing there was no danger of the celonv being swamped by Polynesian labour, inasmuch as the area from which recruits could be drawn was small. He regretted that Sir S. W. Griffith had made a charge against the planters of attempting to deter Germans and others from coming to Queensland, and had been unable to specify a single person who had done so. The fact of the matter was that the German Government would not allow men to leave. The gentlemen who had brought the matter before the House were anxious to have it discussed in a fair spirit, in the hope that the people who now were against black labour might have an oppor tunity of lookiug afresh at the subject, and find ing that a great deal of rubbish had been.talked about it. It was the manner in which the trade had been carried out that had made black labour stink in the nostrils of the people, but since the Government took up the question in 1868 or 1899, whatever had taken place in connection with the traffic the Government was responsible for, and not the planterp. If the provisions of the present law were faithfully carried out, and men appointed who could properly discharge the duties of agents, people would begin to sco that the _ traffic, instead of being a disgrace to them, might be carried out honestly and without deceit and be a groat benefit to the colony. Referring to Mr. Groom's report, he said that if any one was an opponent of black labour it was Mr. Groom, yet it appeared from his report that white men were unable to work upon the agricultural lands north of Townsville. He further quoted from the evi dence of a selector upon the Mosman River to show that only kanakas were able to work iv the severe climate north of Townsville iv clearing land for agricultural purposes. It would be an enormous advantage if they could get the Northern scrubs cleared and settled, but they would never be cleared unless thoy could get kanaka labour upon them. If white men uudor took the work one-fourth of them would die. The House had to take tho choice of either letting the sugar growers employ the labour wldch the people of the colony wanted to get rid of—Chinese labour—or that labour which would do the people no harm, and which could be got rid of at any time the Government pleased. If they did so, then the only agricultural pro duct of Queensland which could compete in the markets of the world might be continued for the benefit, not only of the sugar-planter, but also for that of the small farmers. If they did not, the north of Queens laud would never bo peopled by white men having their homes there. A very small portion of Northern Queensland would supply all the fruit required in this or the other colonies, and fruit growing could, therefore, never become a great industry bere. On the motion of Mr. COWLEY, the debate was adjourned, and made an order of tho day for Thursday, 27th instant. TTJEBDAT, JTJXE 11. Petitions in reference to the Government en dowment to schools of arts were presented by Messrs. Adams, Groom, andDunsmure, and re- C6lV6(l* Mr. HODGKINSON presented a petition from residents of Georgetown, Etheridge, and the dis trict, bearing 614 signatures, praying for a survey of the extension of the Croydon line to George town and the ELheridge. The petition was read and received. Mr. POWERS presented a petition from resi dents of the parish of Gregory, North Isis, praying for the extension of the Isis Branch Railway to Cordalha. The petition was read and received. Mr. DONALDSON, in reply to Mr. Groom, said that Mr. Tryon's report ou the insect plague in orchards had not yet been received. Mr. Tryon was at present iv Melbourne, but was expected back on the 30th instant. Mr. NELSON, in reply to Mr. O'Connell, said that a sum of mouey was appropriated by the Government Loan Act of 1884 for the purpose of makiug a railway from Gladstone to Bundaberg. The Government intenied to apply the money to the purpose for which it had been voted. Mr. MACROSSAN, in reply to Mr. Sayers, said that, up to the end of 1888, 537 homesteads of half-an-acre and undor had been applied for on the Charters Towers goldfteld. Sixty leases of half-an-acre and under had been granted, and the Minister was taking steps to have the leases issued at an early date. Mr. FOXTON moved,—"That there be laid upon the table of the House copies of all corre spondence and papers relating to the appointment of Messrs. H. Dcighton, J. Tyson Douelly, and J. F. Woodlock to be members of the Woggam bah Divisional Board in place of Messrs. G. F. Gray, D. M. Cameron, and George Cameron respectively." The motion was agreed to. On the motion of Mr. BARLOW, it was agreed that tho report of tho Select Committee appointed to consider the petitions of Mis* Margaret Henry and Mr. Donald M'Neill, and the address to be presonted to the Governor, with reference to a sum of monoy being granted to them as com pensation for injuries sustained at the West Ips- I wich Railway level crossing, should be considered in committee on Thursday next. The House in committee affirmed the de [ airableness of introducing a bill to further amend the Crown Lauds Acts, 1884 to 1880, and for other purposes. The bill was introduced, read a first time, and the second reading made an Order of the Day for Tues lay next. PAYMENT OF MEMBERS BILL. Mr. MOiiEHEAD, in moving the second read* ing of a bill "to provide for the payment of members of the Legislative Assembly," admitted that for many years ho was opposed to the prin ciple of the payment of members, aud might nave been so still if the present Act for the payment of members' expenst s had not been iv operation. He fancied, however, that the principle had been finally settled by the House and the constituen cies, and the only reason for introducing this measure was to aiopt a more convenient way of paying members than the system at preseut in existence. As the matter stood now, there was an awkwardness in the way of making such pay ment, and there was also this much greater matter, that the preseut Act only recog nised the duty of a member to his coustituoncy during the period tho House was sitting. He thought that the Victorian system, which recognised a member's duty in attending to the wants of his constituents alike when the House was in and out of session, was much better. The bill was a short one, and its provisions were mainly taken from the Victorian Act. Clause 1 provided that every member should be ontitleu to payment at the rate of £300 per annum, and in addition to allowances for mileage and passage money. By clause 3 provision was made for the payment of such amount as a member was eutitled to if elected before the Act camo into operation, being made from the passing of the Act, and iv the case of a member elected after the commencement of the Act, from the time of his being sworn iv until he ceased to be a member of the House. It might be suggested that payment should be made from the time a member was elected— (hear, hear) —bnt he woidd point out thai a member did not become such until he was sworn iv: besides, a petition might be presented against him, and he might be unseated, so that he would then be drawing pay while actually not a member of the House. Tho only way to prevent such an occurrence was by the insertion or such a clause in the bill. Clause 4 was an adoption, slightly altered, of a similar clause in the Victorian Act, and provided that no member, whilst in re ceipt of an official salary should (to the amount of such salary) be entitled to payment or allowances under the Act. The Government recognised, and the House would recognise, that the payment of members was fitting and proper. This bill was the best and most convenient way of dealing with the matter. Sir S. W. GRIFFITH said hon. gentlemen on the opposite side of tho House had always strenuously opposed the payment of members, alleging, amongst other reasons, that it tended to produce a class of professional politicians. The lato Government had endeavoured to meet this by keeping the remuneration at such a figure that it would not pay men to give up their businesses to become professional politicians, but it was paid that they did not go far enough. This bill was open to all the objections then raised. It proposed to make the office of member a regular salaried one at.£2s a month, instead of at present giving hon. gentlemen two guineas per day during the time the session lasted or while they were away from home. He thought the principle of the pre lent Act was much the better one. Theu again the bill now before the House would, if passed in its present form, give every member a present this year of £75 in addition to the amount allowed under the existing law. The Government should give some reason for the extraordinary change of front thoy had made on this subject. The Vice-president of theExecutiveCouncilhadmadetheobservationtliaf trieunial Parliaments were the necessary corol lary of payment of members. Ho entirely agreed with that. No member of Parliament with a fixed salary should be elected for so long a term as five years. In no country in the world where the principe of payment of members was recog nised did Parliaments last for such a long term as that. Therefore if this bill passed it ought to be a condition that the duration of Parliaments should be shortened. No reasons were given for the present bill, except indead that it was incon venient to compute the rate of expense?. The matter had never been submited to the constituencies by the present Government; it had in fact never been mentioned by them, and yet now they pro posed an immediate increase of payment in all coses of at least 50 per cent and in some cases 100 per cent. He would have the courage of his opinions and vote against the measure. ' Sir T. M'ILWRAITH said the hon. gentleman had stated he would stand by his principles, and vote against the bill. But by voting against the bill he was not standing by his principles. The payment of members proper had not been opposed frovionsly by his (Sir T. M'llwraith's) side of the Louse, it was to the form of the bill which had been introduced that there were the greatest objections. [Sir S. W. GRIFFITH: "No, no."] He himself opposed it on that ground, and if the present bill had not gone the length it did, he would also have opposed it. In his address to the electors of North Brisbane at the general election, and also in the manifesto he issued, he stated that he would not oppose tho payment of members providing that the measure was brought forward iv a proper form. It wo s only when tho money was given as payment that the principle could be defended at all. In what way could it be put as expenses? The system of payment at present in force did not exist in the same form iv any other country in the world. The Leader of the Opposition had said that iv no country in the world where the principle of payment of members was recognised did quinquenuial Parliaments exist. Yet, as a matter of fact, the members of the Senate of the United States of America were paid £1000 a year, and were elected for six years. [Sir S. W.GRIFFITH: "Since when?"l Mr. MACROSSAN: "Since the end of the Civil War."] The Leader of the Opposition had quoted words of his on the subject of the duration of Parliaments and payment of mom bers, and there could be no doubt, whether he did or did not make use of the exact phrase quoted, that payment of members was a strong argument for tnennial Parliaments. But it did not, therefore, follow that the Government were bound to bring in a bill immediately after the one at present before the Houso was passed to have triennial Parliament. This talking about trieunial Parliaments camo with a very bad grace from Sir S. W. Griffith, who had played with the question all the time he was in power. The bill now before the House provided that the members should be paid directly for their services. This being so, there would no longer be a necessity for the intricate calculations which were now essential. He belies elthat he (Sir T. M'llwraith) was the only man who understood clause 2 of tho present Act—(laughter)—at least ho had never found anyone else who said be did. (Laughter.) Men- I tion had been made of a bonus to members for the present year in the bill. That matter was not unforeseen. But it could scarcely be avoided —it was necessary there should be a commence ment made at some time, and commencing as hud down in the bill would be the most con venient, and would prevent a good deal of con fusion which would otherwise arise. Mr. GROOM said that he was inclined to think that the bill now before tho Houso was preferable to the Act at present in force. Speaking from practical experience he could say that in the case of his colleague, Mr. Aland, that gentleman had last session to pay penalties amounting to about £70 because he was unable to attend the House through illness. Taking tho " Statesman's Year book" for 1889 and glancing at tho list of the different nations that had established payment of members, it would bo seen that a uniform sum was paid to all. He was decidedly in favour of this bill now beforo the House, on tho principle that it was an equal payment to all alike, and an hon. member was not, as under tho present Act, subject to a heavy fine, if by the dispensation of providence he was prevented from attending his place in the House. Mr. SAVERS said that he intended to support this bill, as he was pledged to support payment of members, and tricnuial parliaments. . Mr. E. J. STEVENS said that he had always opposed payment of members, and he saw no reason to altor his opinion on the subject now. Mr. RUTLEDGE said that he would support the bill, in accordance with a pledge he had given to the electors to support payment of mem bers and triennial Parliaments. Iv his opinion it was better to have an open payment like this than to have a payment called by some other name, and it was better to cease drawing distinctions between members of Parliament, and let them be Slid for their services as members of Parliament, c agreed with Mr. Groom as to the effect of payment of members upon the personnel of Par- Eament, and he instanced New South Wales, where the principle of payment of members had always been rejected. He did not think it would be possible in any Legislature in Australasia to find worse men than some of those who had dirgraced the Parliament of New South Wales. He believed that the principle tended to the purification of Parliament, as it would not lead to the corrup tion practised in New South Wales and other places, whore members of Parliament had tried to pay themselves in some dishonest or underhand way. He thought the electors of this colony would be discriminating enough to know who were the men who came forward for the sake of the money and who were the men who would come forward whether the £300 a year was paid or not. Especially with regard to the North, more local men could be got than were obtainable now, as m many cases local representatives could not be secured. Mr. FOXTON said that he had always been in favour of payment of members, but he believed in a disoriminating payment of members, such as they had at present He thought that in the case mentioned by Mr. Groom the reading of the Act fairly entitled Mr. Aland to his expenses. He in stanced a case in which a member might be away travelling for pleasure, and only attend once in a session, and yet be able to draw his £300 for five years if the present bill was passed. If the present Act were amended, so as to increase the maximum sum to £300 a year, he would support it, but he would oppose the present bill. Mr. ARCHER said that he had consistently opposed payment of members. He agreed with Mr. Groom that the present Members' Ex penses Act was very hard upon members who might leave home for the purpose of attending to their legislative duties, and fall ill, and if payment of members was to be continual, he hoped there would bo some alteration in this respect. For this reason he would like to see this bill read a second time. Mr. DRAKE said he was pledged to support payment of members, aud while he saw many advantages in it, be also saw disadvantages. He would vote for the second reading of the bill, but if any amendment was brought forward with a view to delaying the operation of the Act to the commencement of the year or until the dissolution of this Parbament he would certainly support it. Mr. MURPHY was opposed to the principle of payment of members, and to any increase being made in the amounts at present granted to them. He considered that under the present bill mem bers were sufficiently well paid for the services they rendered to their constituents. He objected to themeasure, because it looked very like members putting their hands into the public purse aud helping themselves. He Would vote against the second reading of the bill. Mr. UNMACK said the introduction of the measure was ill-timed, the bill was abso lutely imperfect, and some of the clauses, so far as they went, were almost indecont. The only argument he could think of against the present Act was that some or the Northern members were put to greater ex pense than those in the Southern portion of the colony; and he would be perfectly ready aud williug to give these members a larger amount of remuneration if that were necessary. But he failed to see why the metropolitan or southern members should be entitled to heavier pay ments than they now got. If a clause were inserted to pay only for services rendered he would have no objection to the bill, which ought in any circumstances to bo delayed until next Parliament. Mr. COWLEY objected to payment of mem bers on principle, believing that it was attended with evil effects. If tho measure became law, a very bad example would be sot to members of Divisional Boards, Municipal Councils, and othor bodies. Mr. MORGAN twitted those who objected to the payment of members on' principlo with not acting up to the views they held. The present measure was the outcome of circumstances which its author could not protect himself against. Sir S. W. Griffith could not get the House to adopt the principle of paying members, and in order to gain some degree of success, he introduced the bill under the title of pay ment of members' expenses. The principle was endorsed by at least niue-tenths of those who exercised the franchise in old countries, and it was even more necessary iv new countries, where the population was so much scattered. Wealth and brains did not always go together, and without payment of members the electors would be compelled to send brainless money-bags to represent theminthe House. The proposed bill was in every way preferable to the existing law, and it might safely be left to the constituencies to deal with those members who neglected thotr duties. Mr. GANNON was opposed to payment of members on principle, and was returned by his constituents as holding those views. He thought that while it was only fair to give something to those representatives who came from long dis tances to attend the sittings of the House, city and suburban members might do very well without payment. Mr. GRIMES was disposed to let the present bill, which was working well, alone, and thought that members should be prepared to givo their services in some measure for the good of their country. Mr. POWERS said that although he would consider the honour conferred upon him greater if he were not remunerated for his services, yet tho country had declared iv favour of the payment of members, and he considered that in the interests of tho constituencies the measure should be passed into law. Mr. BARLOW was of opinion that the bill either went too far, or did not go far enough, in respect of granting remuneration to members, and thought that the present Act was working well enough. The present system had the ad vantage that it secured a full attendance during the session. Mr. DALRYMPLE said he had voted for the present tariff because it was necessary, but it pressei heavily upon many persons in his con- Btitueucy, and they would have very good grounds for taking exception to his conauct if he now supported this bill, which would have the effect of increasing his salary. Mr. MACFARLANE thoroughly endorsod the principlo of tho bill. Mr. SMYTH could not see his way to support the bill, which would mean an extra expenditure of £10,000 a year. Mr. MURRAY considered that £300 was not too much to pay while the Parliament sat in the south-eastern portion of the oolony, thus com pelling many members to travel long distances. Mr. LISSNER would vote for the second read ing, as he was pledged to support such a measure. Mr. JESSOP said that under the present sys tem the records of members' attendances was kept as if they were schoolboys. Mr. ALLAN had never believed in the pay ment of members, and would vote against the bill. Mr. BUCKLAND said at every election he had contested he had pledged himself on the questions of payment of members and triennial parlia ments. He would vote for the second reading. Mr. MELLOR supported the bill, but expressed regret that members from remote districts would not receive more than members living in Brisbane and its vicinity. A division was then taken on the question, which resulted as follows :— Atks (43)— Mr. Morehead, Sir T. M'ltwraith, Messrs. Nelson, Macrossan, Black, Donalson, Patterson, Jessop, R. H. Smith, Dunsmure, Orombie, Watson, Campbell, Jordan, Murray, Plunkett, Corfleld, Luya, Glassey, Wimble, Goldring, Macfarlane, Mellor, Salkeld, Groom, Powers, Morgan, Palmer, North, Little, Bat tersby, G. H. Jones, Buckland, Hamilton, Philp, Lissner, Hunter, O'Sullivan, O'Connell, Adams, Rutledge, Bayers, and Drake. Nobs (15)— Sir S. W. Griffith, Messrs. Hodg kinson, Allan, Gannon, Barlow, Isambert, Un mack, Murphy, Tozer, M'Master, E. J. Stevens, Grimes, W. Smyth. Dalrymple, and Cowley. The bill was read a second time, and its consi deration in committee fixed for the following day. MINES REGULATION BILL. The House went into committee to further consider the Mines Regulation Bill. On clause B,—" Obstructing inspectors," Mr. SAVERS moved the adjournment of the debate for the reason that he had received a telegram that afternoon asking him to protest against the further consideration of this bill until meetings had been held upon the goldfields to consider it. The Minister had acknowledged that he had received some very valuable sugges tions from the Charters Towers Miners' Associa tion, and he thought they should receive all suggestions of that kind, and deal with them upon their merits afterwards. Another reason he wished that the debate might be adjourned was that there had just been put into his hand amendments occupying fourteeu pages, and ho did not thiuk it fair that they should be asked to go on with the consideration of them at once. He therefore moved that the Speaker leave the chair and no progress be reported, suggesting that the Minister should go on with the Gold fields Bill. Mr. MACROSSAN said that he thought the course of obstruction this bill had met since its introduction was not very creditable. If this was anew bill introduced for the first time there might be some reason in the hon. member's request, but this bill had been in the hands of hon. members and before the country since the beginning of last session of Parliament, and if they had not considered what the bill was and what amendments were necessary, it was not his fault. He thought the hon. member could hardly expect him to delay the business of the House becauso he bad received a telegram from Charters Towers. He (the Minister) had received a tele gram from Charters Towers from a person sign ing himself as prosident or chairman of the Managers and MiueownerY Association, not the miners, requesting him to postpone the bill until they had held a meeting some time next week. The wire said they had held a meeting but had not considered the amendments they thought necessary for the protection of managers and mineowners. He wired back that he would be happy to con sider any suggestion they might offer, but he could not consent to delay the bill, as he had no other business to bring before the House. There were far more reasonable objections to going on with the Goldfields Bill, which was a new measure. Ho could not consont to the postpone ment. Mr. LITTLE considered that the business should bo gone on with. Mr. GLASSEY thought the bill should be post poned to allow hon. members to consider the amendments they thought necessary. Mr. MACROSSAN asked what had the hon. member been dohig since August and October last. The bill bad now been iv his hands for nearly three weeks, aud yet it was only that day that the amendments had bsen put in their hands. Upon looking at the amendments he found that they related entirely to collieries, and wore taken almost verbatim from the English Act. He thought if the hou. member was really in earnest in allowing the bill to be proceeded with, he should introduce the amendments in that portion of the bill relating to collieries. If he was willing to do so, he (the Minister) was willing to accept them there, and consider thorn one by one. Mr. TOZER assured the Miuister for Mines that no obstruction was intended. There were certain mattors of which he and other members considered they had special knowledge that had come to their notice, and they merely wished to have time to place their views in a proper form before tho House. After some further remarks by Mr. Sayers, who asserted that the only reason for asking delay was that the opinions of some of tho most experienced men in Queensland might be ob tained, clause 8 was withdrawn on the motion of Mr. MACROSSAN. Mr. GLASSEY brought forward a new clause to follow clause 7, to give further powersto in spectors for mines in general, in which it was provided that if an inspector found anything de fective in connection with the working of amine, so as, in his opinion, to tend to the bodily injury of any person, he should require the same to be remedied; and in the event of that not being done forthwith, should report to the Secretary for Mines. Mr. MACROSSAN said that after the objec tions which had been taken by Mr. Glassey and other members to a clause in which the fullest discretionary powers were given to inspectors, such a clause came very strangely from that sec tion in the House. He did not oppose the clause, but considered it was proposed in the wrong place, and should be brought forward when general rules, which referred in a great measuro to collieries, came to be discussed. Mr. HODGKINSON, referring to Mr. Glassey's statement that the clause was taken from the English Act, pointed out that the conditions uuder which miners worked in Queensland were quitedifferentfromthoseathome, and thoughtthat Mr. Glassey might very well leave those members who were more intimately acquainted with gold mining than he (Mr. Glassey) was to doal with the portions of tho bill relating to mining for gold. They would then be very willing to give him their support ia matters of which he bad more knowledge. The clause was unworkable as applied to gold mining, and would remain inoperative in those districts not within easy access of tho Secretary for Mines. Mr. POWERS said he would like to have the opportunity of submitting Mr. Glassey's amend ments to the miners of the Burrum district, and asked him to delay their consideration in the meantime. Sir T. M'DLWRAITH said that Mr. Glassey in reality wished the inspectors to communicate with the Minister for Mines regarding certain things whicb by the bill they wore empowered to do without referring to the Minister at all. The proper time to consider the clause was when general rules were under discussion. Mr. GLASSEY then withdrew the amendment, with the intention of bringing it on again. Mr. SAVERS said he and others had been twitted about the strong opposition they offered to olause 7, but they did so because they con sidered it was not right to give the great powers proposed to be intrusted to mining inspectors to those officials. As he had been challenged as to this matter, he would give a proof that his con tention in this respect was right Mr. Sayers then read the sworn copy of a letter alleged to have been written in the year 1885 by Mr. Joseph Shakespeare, mining inspector, to a gentleman in Brisbane, and giving information as to the Cumberland Block Mine, on the Etheridge. Mr. PATTISON interrupted ths reading of the letter to ask if Mr. Sayers was in order. Sir T. M'ILWRAITH thought that when Mr. Sayers produced the letter it would show that there was a dereliction of duty on the part of the inspector against the interests of the mining community. On the contrary, however, it turned out to contain only a lot of mining ■caudal which was not of the slightest interest to the House. To bring such a matter forward was beneath contempt. Clause 8 was then agreed to. On clause 9,—" Miners' Inspection," ' Mr. TOZER said that the clause would be inoperative, as they could not get the men em ployed in a mine to take the trouble or responsi bility of inspecting it. If they did, they would be not only dismissed, but would be considered mischievous, and not employed in any other mine. He would propose an amendment, from the Vic torian Act. Mr. MACROSSAN said he would postpone clause 9 to allow the hon. member to propose his amendment. Mr. TOZER moved that the following clause bo inserted:—"Upon any miner working in any mine making a complaint under this Act to any inspector, it shall be the duty of that inspector forthwith to mako inquiry into the matter of such complaint, and take such other steps as he may deem necessary to investigate the matter, and the name of the informant shall not be divulged by the inspector." The clause proposed by Mr. Tozer was adopted. Mr. MACROSSAN withdrew clause 9, with a view of insertiug it in the portion of the bill relating to collierios, to which hon. members generally agreed it was better adapted. On clause 10,—" Inspection by representatives of miners," ' Mr. MACROSSAN moved that the clause be amended to allow of an inspection being made by any duly recognised body representing the miners, such as a miners' union or accident association. (Hear, hear.) Mr. POWERS thoughtthat miners should have the right to appoint two of their nnmber to examine the workings of a mine independent of a union or any other body. Mr. RUTLEDGE suggested the insertion of the words "any local association, union, or accident association consisting of not less than seven ty members" in the clause. Mr. MACROSSAN statod that the suggestion contained in the amendment came from the Miners' Union at Charters Towers, and he would not have been doing his duty had he not brought it forward. However, as ths mining members objected to it, he would withdraw the amend ment. Mr. SAVERS said that tho amendment formed one of the most vital portions of the regulations, and was perfectly workable, for the men had more confidence in the officers of the union elected by themselves than in any inspectors or others outside the organisation. If the amend ment were not included in the clause, the clause would be better left out altogether. The amendment was then withdrawn, and the clause agreed to. On clause 11,—" Managers to be appointed," Mr. TOZER moved amendments to .the effoct that the name and address of managors should be notified to the nearest warden, and not to the inspector or warden and Miuister as specified in the clause, and within fourteen days instead of seven, and the clause as amended was agreed to. On clause 12,—"Penalty for non-appoint ment," Mr. MELLOR moved that the penalty should bo inflicted if the mine was worked for more than seven days without a manager, and not three days as provided for, and the amendment was accepted. Mr. TOZER considered that the fine was too largo, and some wardens might have difficulty in inflicting it, and moved the substitution of £10 for £50, which was also accepted, and the clause as amended was agreed to. On clause 13, — "Temporary absence of manager," Mr. TOZER moved an amendment, making it only necessary that the nearest warden or in spector, and nj>t the Minister also should be notified of the temporary appointment. The amendment was accepted, and the clause as amended agreed to. Ou clause 14,—" Duties and responsibilities of manager," Mr. TOZER said that there were great objec tions to that part of the clause which threw upon the manager the duty of reporting in writing to the inspector or warden any offence against the Act committed in or on the mine. This was new altogether—it was not in the Victorian nor in any other statute. Mr. MACROSSAN admitted that the clause was stringent. If the manager was not held responsible, who was to be ? Sir T. M'ILWRAITH expressed the opinion tbat many mining accidents were caused by over confidence on the part of the men, and these men were as a rule the best miners. He thought this clause was the best preventive of —lining accidents he had ever seen. After further discission the clause was agreed to. Ou clause 15, —" Notice of accident to be giveu to the inspector of mines," Mr. HAMILTON moved that the provision for notice being giveu in twenty-four hours should be struck out, and the words "without un reasonable delay" inserted. After discussion the amendment was negatived, and the clause agreed to. Progress was then reported, and the Houst adjourned. Wednesday, June 12. Mr, NELSON, in reply to Mr. Barlow, said he was not aware that on some lines of railway in Srogress no shelter was provided for engine rivers and firemen, who had to remain all uight at the termini, and that the nieu have had to sleep in the tenders exposed to the weather, thus contracting serious iiluess. Neither the hon. member nor anyone else had made any complaint, and as the men referred to were not employed by or under the control of the Government, it was not considered to be the duty of the Railway De partment to provide for their accommodation. Mr. NELSON, in reply to Mr. Palmer, said that he promised last session, ou behalf of the Government, to consider the survey of a railway southwards from Burketown towards Camoo weal, and the Government having done so they had decided not to go on with the survey at present. Mr, NELSON, in reply to Mr. Macfarlane, said it was not the intention of the Government to call for tenders tliis session for additional work shops at Ipswich. The unexpended balance of loan vote for railway workshops was £20,587 3s. Mr. DONALDSON, in reply to Mr. Smith, said that no definite proposal had beeu received iv regard to a mail service between Vancouver and Australia, but the Government would be prepared to consider one if it was made. Mr. DONALDSON presented a petition from the School of Arts, Thargomindah, in reference to endowment. The petition was received. CIVIL SERVICE BILL. Mr. MOREHEAD moved the second reading of the bill "to provide for the better regulation of the civil service." In doing so he said mem bers would admit that some reform in the civil service was necessary, and such reform was sought to be attained by this bdl. He thought the time had come when they should take away, to a certain extent, from the Government the privilege of patronage, and also make some provision for retiring allowances to civil servants. The system of patronage as it now existed was a bad one—so far as Ministers were concerned it was an unpleasant one—and they would be glad to see it done away with. The main questions with which the bill dealt were patronage and superannuation. Regarding the former, it was proposed'to remove patronage from the Government for the time being and in vest it in the hands of a board, not in any way an irresponsible board, but a board which would dischirge the responsibilities that would bo taken away from Minister*, and which would at the same time be under the controlling power of the Ministers and of the Government. The board was to bo appointed in the first instance by tho Governor-iu-Council, and it was only to be subject to removal by tho same process as the Railway Commissioners wore, so that its members were to be put in a pretty strong position, and could only be romoved by tho actiou of the Houses of Parliament. The first duty of the board on its appointment would be to make a classific ition of all the officers in the civil service Some of the clauses of the bill were taken from the Victorian Act and others from the Act of New South Wales; some from the old Queensland Act of 1853, and some from the Act in existence iv Cape Colony. It was not, however, proposed tc adopt the system of promotion as provided iv the Victorian Statute, whereby during five years tho increases of salary took placo automatically. Tbat system would not be adopted iv its entirety, for the reason that the system of automatic increases was not in many cases a fair one. For instance, taking a case in which the salary commenced at £300, and the highest amount to which it could be raised was £100, an automatic increase of £20 a year might not bo fair, because certain servants might only be worth a certain sum and no more. In regard to classification it would be noticed that railway officials were necessarily excluded, unless great alterations wore to be made in the Railway Act passed last session. District Court Judges were of course also excluded, although was possible that their claims for con sideration would be brought before the House during the prcsont session. The duties of the board wore contained in clauses 10 to 17, and in clause 14 it was provided that the Governor* in-Couucil might, upon the recommendation of tho board, uicreoso or diminish the total number of officers to be employed, or alter the distribution of officers in any department, so that the power was retained in the Ministry and not invested wholly in tho board. Clause 16, dealing with the promotion or reduction of officers to positions in accordance with the salaries being received by them and their qualifications at the commence ment of the Act, was a very proper one, and without it the bill would be almost unworkable. In that portion of tho bill relating to examination, appointment, and promotions, clause 24—" Ex cept as hereinafter provided, every porson ad mitted into the classified divisions of the civil service Bhall, in the first instance, be admitted into the probationary class, and shall remain in such class ior a period of not les3 than six months,'* —was important, inasmuoh that those entering the service were required to start at the bottom, and could not, as was sometimes the case, now begin half-way up tho ladder. The 20th clause, which stated that no new appointment should bo made excopt on the request of tho permanent head of a department to tho Minister, and then only upon a certificate from the board that such an appoint ment was roquired, was also one of importance. The next clause, as to the filling up of vacancies by promotion, would commend itself to every member of the House. Clause 28 # read as follows: —" If in special case it in expedient in the interests of the public service to appoint some person who v not then in the service, and to place such person in any class, the Govornor-in-Council may appoint such person accordingly without cither examination or probation." That was a very necessary provision for special cases; and sup posing the Act had been in operation now, it would not have been possible, excepting for a clause of that kind, for the Government to make such an appointment as that of Mr. Saville Kent. Clause 30. dealing with increases of salary, was one in which the bill differed in tho way lie had already explained from the Victorian Act. It provided that except in the case of promotion from ono class to another, no increase should take place in the salary of any officer until he had received such salary for a full financial year, and that the increase should depend upon the efticieucy, diligeuco, and good conduct of the officer. Auy iucrease in the salary of an officer of the first-class must be recommended tc Parliament by tho Goveruor-in-Council, so that the House would have f till control over all salaries which were not almost mathematically settled already. The officers of State schools would (by the 31at clause) not como undci- the Act, so far a3 their salaries and classification were concerned. These would still be done by the Education De partment, but they would be entitled to oil the privileges accruing from those provisions in the bill relating to superannuation. The latter part of the bill dealt almost entirely with tho system of superannuation. The Civil Service Commissioners, iv. their report, unani mously advocated in respect to this matter com pulsory life insurance on the endowment principle. In their calculations, by a clerical error, the premiums set down were for six months only, and had therefore to be doubled to get at the correct figures. There were several other objections to tho suggestion of the commissioners — the insuranco system would be only of benefit to young men who joiued now, leaving uutouched tho position of those at present in the service. In his opinion, this bill dealt with the matter in a far better manner, and that was to establish a fund by deductions from the salaries of the officers themselves, and without any expense to the State, except where he would show later on. This fund would enable officers, when obliged to do so from broken health or from old age, to retire in moderate comfort. The proposition was to make a deduction 4 per cent on all salaries after the passing of the Act That would give an annual income of £22,000. In addition to that there was to be added sums which would be paid in by officers who were allowed to pay up for back service. With respect to the clause as to this paying up for back service, he thought it might be altered so as to give some extra benefits to old officers. As it stood at present officers of ten years' servico might come in on paying for ton years, officers of nine yearn' service on paying for nine yean, ana so on. On consideration, however, he thought it would be fairer if the clause was amended so that no man's service should count for more than twenty yean, and enable servants to pay up half—that'is twenty years would be reduced to ten, ten years to five, and so on. At the end of fivo yean allowing freely for any contingencies which might arise, the fund would amount to £100,010 or £130,000. The board would thus start witli a largely en dowed fund, and would only have to pay at first the lower scale allowances, those on the fifteen years' scale. The scheme was vastly different, in thi3 respect, from any Civil Service Bill which was ever in force in any of the colonies. Every possible provision was made to insure success. There was a clause in it giving power to the Governor-in-Council, if the fund was in such a state that the full amounts could not be paid, to reduo pensions, but he was sanguine thero would never be a necessity for that clause. If there were deductions at all they would be very small. The cost to tho State would be £3000 a-year, that is for the commissioners and a secretary. In return for this annual outlay there would be a material reduction in the cost of the department, and there would be an economic hold on the officers. There would also be another sum, a small sum, giveu to this fund. At tho present time something like £1500 was paid for guarantees for the fidelity of certain civil servants.. Tho fund would bo made liable for the cruarantees. and in consideration of the imposition of such liability there would be given every year such sum as the Oovernor-in-Counoil might from time to time consider a sufficient premium for the risk thereby incurred. The civil service were willing to accept the risk, and the premiums would simply be given to the fund instead of to a society. With regard to the investment of the funds, ouo of the great reasons that previous funds had not been a success was that the Government took charge of the contributions and allowed only a low rate of interest—in one case he believed it was but 2Jor 2 per cent. It was proposed by this bill that as the money was contributed solely by the officers themselves, that they should be allowod, under certain restrictions, to invest that money on behalf of themselves. It was proposed, with regard to this, that the three com- missioners, assisted by two gentlemen of mercantile knowledge, shoula lend the moneys of Jhe fund upon such securities as were approved of by the Governor-in- Council. Sufficiently strong restrictions would be placed upon the accounts. An audit would be ■held every year by the Auditor-General, and a statement and report placed before Parliatneut. Thero would also be an actuarial investigation held every three years as a means of additional security. He believed that the Act would be of great benefit both to the State and to the civil servants themslves. Mr. O'SULLIVAN entirely objected to a board over which the House had no control. The board proposed in this bill was to have the privilego of not paying the slightest attention to anything the House might say; no vote of tho House could get rid of them, and they would be like the three Railway Commissioners, out of the reach of the House, and probably like them, three Scotchmen. He contended that the board would be simply spies, and that there was a ten dency to leave everything to boards. There were men in the service who had been there since tho first days of separation, who should have been pensioned off fifteen yean ago, and he thought that under secretaries of departments should not spend their lives as uuder secretaries, for if a man at a salary of £800 or £1000 a-year could not save enough in fifteen yean to keep him for the rest of his life, he had better leave. Sir S. W. GRIFFITH said that he agreed with Mr. Morehead that the subject was one bristling with difficulties in every direction, and he was not sure-, after reading the bill carefully and listening to the remarks of the Colonial Secre tary, that tho real difficulties in managing the civil service had been surmounted. He agreed with the remarks made by Mr. O'SulliTan that there was a tendency to leave everything to boards. He had made that observation lost yoar in regard to the Railway Commistiouors. Sir T. M'ILWRAITH: I made it when you introduced the I/md Board. (Laughter.) Sir S. W. GRIFFITH mid the Land Board was nppointed to perform judicial nnd not administrative functions. Ho believed that persons who bad judicial functions to per form should have a fixei tenure of office and bo removed from political control, but he confessed that he did not believe in persons with adminis trative functions being removed from the control of tho Government. It was a principle of demo cratic government that the administration should be carried on by a committee of representatives who had the support of the Legislative Assembly. [Sir T. M'ILWKAITH: "It is quite tho opposite in America. I'] The hon. geutleman was as ignorant of the principles of constitutional government as any man in the country. (Laugh ter.) The haudiug over to boards of administra tive functions whs an admission that the tiresent system of governmeut was a failure. Mr. MOREHEAD: "It is not as good as it might be."] It was iuferring that Ministers could not be trusted to perform most important duties of administration. If Ministers could make' mistakes, what guarantee was there that boards would be free from mistakes that Ministers made. They could not get better men for a board than for Ministers; they would not be liable to the same control, and he did not see that any serious good would be gained by their appointment. He did not think the board would have any greater opportunity of doing right than the Ministers, and he really did not think that sufficient reason had been given for changing the present system and handing over so important a portion of their administration to a board of the kind proposed. They were not so well supplied with nighly competent men that they could afford to tako the best men out of the civil service and appoint them to this board. He would rather trust the present Ministry to make an appointment (although he had no par ticular confidence in them), subject, as they were, to public criticism, than he would trust any board in Queensland at the present time. Under this bill all work was supposed to have a salary attached to it, and no board in existence could apportion the work done by the officers in the civil service at present so as to make their salaries fit theirjwork. The remedy proposed was, if a man was doing work higher than that com mensurate with his salary, he was to get his salary raised; and if lower, it was to be reduced. It was quite impossible to do that. As a matter of fact, young men were getting salaries of not more than £200 a year now for doing work of a more responsible and important character than officers in other branches who were getting £500 a year. What the service wanted was a system of* classification according to the class of work done, and not according to salary. (Hear, hear.) He quoted from the report of the Playfair Com mission, which investigated the condition of the civil service in England, and went on to say that from that it was shown that there was a great deal of work done in the civil service of a routine character, which entirely unfitted a man engaged in it for many years for doing higher work. (Hear, hear.) Thus when an important office was to be filled there was a difficulty in finding anyone in the office qualified to fill that positiou. This bill left that branch of the subject out of consideration, and provided only for a mechanical advance from one grade to the other. This bill did not recognise the ease of any officer showing special aptitude, and proposed nothing but a blind system of seniority. But even then, lie did not see where the board would come in. It was difficult for a Minister to know the most efficient men in his department, and how was a board to know it P For these reasons he did not think that anything would be gained by appointing a board. Let the Ministers be assisted by a board, but they should not have a board with such extreme control as that proposed to be appointed. The board would have almost nothing to do except during the first six months after their appointment. On an average not more than two or three appointments a week were made to the civil service, and after the time he had mentioned all that the board, drawing £3000 a year, would have to do would be to supervise these ap pointments. The board, he considered, was nothing more than the latest quack nostrum for getting over difficulties in the manage ment of affairs which, with a little more courage, the Government could have got over themselves. As to the sections of the bill not to apply to State school teachers, it was quite clear that teachers already employed could not be brought under the system of admission or promotion as s«t forth in the bill, but he was disposed to think that new appointments, the promotion of new teachers, and the filling up of vacancies might be brought under the general system to be adopted. [Mr. UNMACK: •' Hear, hear."] The matter of re tiring allowances was a very difficult subject, but discuss it as they might, such allowances had to be paid by the colony, whether done in a direct form or in the manner proposed by the bill. If they gave a man £200 a year, and deducted from that £8 to be given to him from a fund at another time, the money, had still to be paid by the Treasury, so that there was really no difference. He did not object to its being so; he thought it was desirable, but they should recognise that the racniy would really come from the Treasury. He did not think that the method of dealiug with the superannuation, as set forth in the 48th and 40th clauses, was very clear. He certainly thought that if they made a bargain with a man to fpvo him a pension, they should tell him what it was to be. There was one thing about the bill he did not like, and that was the giving to the board powers to imprison for contempt of themselves. That was a power which he thought the House would not be very willing to confer upon the board, and they all knew how that power was exercised in New South Wales the other day. He agreed with those portions of the bill regulating the ad mission of civil servants by examination, and also generally to the proposals to provide for retiring allowances, but he did not approve of the appoint ment of a board. He was disposed, notwith standing the objections he had stated, to support the second reading, because the bill contained much that was good, but he did not commit him self to the principles of the measure. Mr. MACBOSSAN said that the Leader of the Opposition objected to the appointment of aboard because it showed a want of confidence in what the Governmeut did, but he (Mr. Maorossau) pointed out that there was no country iv which the Euglish lauguage was spoken where the democracy showed such suspicion of themselves as iv America, where the people were agaiu reverting to the system of leaving the appoint ment of officials in the hands of the Governor of each State. His objection on that ground was therefore not a very strong .one. The object of the bill was to remove pressure being brought to bear upon members of the Government, and the Leader of the Opposition well knew that every Minister was more or less subject to such pressute. In the lower ranks of the civil service, especially, patronage- had been exercised very largely. As an instance of such patronage or pressure ho instanced the appointment to the head of the Agricultural Department of a gentle man who was a carpenter by profession, aud on entering the service new little or nothing about the duties he was called upon to fill. He did not agree with tho Leader of the Opposition when he said tbat the Govern ment would have to pay the whole of the servants' salaries aud the superannuation as well. That would be no more the case than it could be said that a servant in a bank who received £200 and paid £8 a year for insurance, received that amount from the bank besides his salary. It would be for the House to consider in com mittee whether the amount proposed to be fixed for the purpose was sufficient. He was quite satitfiad that if this or auy other Qorernment brought in a measure to provide for yearly pensions to re tirod servants, it would not pass the House. He did not believe in a Government granting pensions to civil sorvants, but what was proposed to be done under this bill would not be granting pensions. The system now introduced was simply one compelling officers to insure their lives or contribute to a retiring allowance. It was almost impossible now to get anything new in the way of legislation. What was best to do wa< to pick the best of the laws which had been tried in other places and had stood the test of time, and adopt them here with such modification* as were essential. It was better to profit by the ex perience of others than to run the risk of failure by tryiug experiments. It was very easy to criticise any bill, especially a Civil Service^ Bill, but he believed this would be found a useful measure, and that they would be wise in time to take steps to regulate the system they were now attempting to regulate. Mr. UNMACK said what had been stated as to the length of time spent in preparing the bill could scarcely be correct, seeing that thirty-six clauses and sections were taken from the Vic torian Act, twenty-one clauses from the bill prepared in 1878 by Mr. Dickson, and other clauses from the old Civil Service Act and other Acts in force in various colonies. The Civil Ser vice commissioners had done thoir work honestly, faithfully, and well, and the Govern ment should have applied to them in the first instance for any suggestions they had to offer with respect to the framing of the bill. But they had been entirely ignored in the matter. If the commissioners were good enough to be paid I>y the country they should have been consulted—if they were of no value or service why were they not dismissed? The members of the commission had all along been looked upon with the most hostile feelings by the Government. Every suggestion they made in their first report had been ignored. Not only this, but their recommendation for the removal of Inspector Morisset from Bock* hampton, which was an exceedingly mild punish ment on the charges which had been proved against him, was disregarded; while "the exigencies of the service," as it was termed, had caused constables who had given evidence to be removed. All this was on account of the commission being appointed by the late Government. On the report of the commission the Under Secretary for Edu cation should haye been suspended at least, pending an investigation into the charges made against him. Much the same charges were made against him and the general inspector—arbitrary, tyrannical, and discourteous conduct towards the staff. He (Mr. Unmade) could prove that, since they last met in that House, this conduct had caused tne death of a young pupil teacher. A young girl wag suddeuly ordered to Buudaberg. She was the only support of an aged and widowed mother, and prayed in vain for some alteration of the order. She fell sick and the doctor sent in a certificate, and added his entreaties. After a delay of seven days the department replied stating that she had leave of absence for a mouth, and on her recovery the matter of her removal would be discussed. The girl took it so much to heart that in two days she was in her grave. [Mr.DONALDSON: "Thatis not proving the charge."] The main feature < of the bill was the superannuation or pension portion. He considered that it would be only fair, as they had made provision for reducing the pensions, that they should also make provision for increas ing them if necessary. (Hear, hear.) Some sliding scale of contributions should be fixed to place all'civil servants upon an equal footing. He pointed out that the contribution proposed gave any member of the civil service a very much higher annuity than he could obtaiu for the same money from the life assurance companies. He questioned whether it was fair to deprive the civil servants who retired during the five years in which the fund was being prepared, from any share in it, but he admitted that the reservation must be made if the fund was to be a successful one. If they went in for commuting pensions, he thought that tho system of life assurance was better, and the great point in connection with it was that when a civil servant died his family was provided for. (Hear, hear.) Under the proposal for superannuation, if a civil servant died before serving fifteen years, his family in no case was entitled to anything, and his family might be dependent upon the charity of neighbours or the bounty of Parliament. Another point in favour of life assurance was that none but Rood lives would b? taken into the service. He did not know why tho railway servants had been compelled to insure their lives, because if the Superannuation Fuutl was to be established the more contributors they had to it tho better chance there was of it being successful. The only objection raised against life assurance was that when a civil servautwas promoted he might be unable to increase his insurance owing to failing health; but in Victoria the lite assurance com panies had made an arrangement with the Government to avoid that difficulty. He did not see why school teachers should be excluded from the benefits of this Act, and thought that the provisions in the Victoriau Act respecting that should be included in this measure. Beferring to the Police Force being exempted from the bill, he considered that as it was impossible to carry ou the Police Superannuation Fund on the existing basis, this would be a flttiug opportunity to repeal the clauses of the Police Act relating to superannuation, re.-erviug existing rights, and to make provision for working the police so far as that was concerned under this proposed Act. The periodical increases to salaries should be fixed in the bill and not left to the discretion of the board. Travelling allowances should also be fixed, for the present Bystetn led to great abuses, as was instanced by the fact that the police-magistrate at Rockhampton received a double allowance when he went toMountliorgauto perform thedutiesofpolice-magistratoaud warden. l)ual incomes should be entirely abolished, as they gavo rise to great inconsistencies, as was proved by the clerk of petty sessions at Bock-' hamptou, who dealt with fewer .cases than the one in Brisbane, drawing, became he did other work, nearly double the salary. The incomes of all the officers in the third class should bo fixed at tho same rate, but allowances could be made for the extra cost of living iv certain districts of the colony. Officers who received residences in addition to their salaries should be made to pay rent for such houses. The board wa3 called upon to make too many rules aud regulations, aud he would prefer to see the very much -vexed question of leave of absence fixed by the bill, considering as he did that the taking of a holiday should be made compulsory on a civil servant. All gratuitios and overtime payment should be done away with. An abuse which led to much extravagance was the employment of super- numeraries, some of whom in the Brisbane offices had been in their situations coutiuuously for ten years. The amounts puid to such servauts never appeared on the Estimates, nud in that way both Parliament aud the public wero deceived. There should be a minimum and a maximum age fixed for the admission of persons into the service, and his opinion was that the age should be from 16 to 25 years. Ho could not agree with the Leader of the Opposition, who thought the board would have little work to do. If the members of the board did their duties conscientiously they would have plenty to do without having anything impo3ed upon them in connection with the regulation or inspection of stores, aud the clauses referring to that should iv his opinion ba omitted from the bill. The board was absolutely necessary in order to keep Ministers free from political patronage or pressure. It was highly desirable that patronage should be done away with. There wero men in the civil service at present at £100, £150, and £200 a year, while others who had not their experience or ability, but who had influence, held far superior positions. The members of the board of course would also have friends coraiug to them, but they would be tied, as they could not go outside their promotion records. He trusted to see the bill improved and amended in committee, aud thus made a thoroughly good measure. Mr. DONALDSON said he had been astonished to hear Mr. Unmack make such reckless charges as he had brought forward at the commencement of his speech. He had stated that the general inspector had caused the death of one of the teachers under his control. As such an assertion was calculated to do immense damage to the Education Department, he (Mr. Donaldson) took the earliest opportunity to give it tho strongest denial. It was perfectly true that Miss Eliza-' beth Colvin, a pupil teacher in the Petrie terraoe State school, liad been ordered to proceed to Bundaberg, and that she had afterwards died—but she died through no action on the port of any officer of the department—the department did not lend typhoid fever in their letters. (Hear, hear.) A medical certificate had been sent in at the time to induce the department to alter their decision, stating that the predisposing cause of the typhoid fever was mental distress, brought on by the proposed transfer. He had, however, received a great number of medical certificates, many of which were evidently in the interests of the teachers. The exigencies of the service required teachers to be changed from place to place, but if the represen tations of friends were listened to this could never be done. Every care was taken that nothing un necessarily harsh was done. With regard to the commissioners' report, Mr. Unmack was well aware that Mr. Anderson had been called upon to reply to the allegations which had been made against him, and it was scarcely fair for Mr. Unmack to bring the matter before the House when the subject was almost tub judice. So far as includ ing State school teachers in this bill went, he thought the department was better work ing as it was, with some improvements which he hoped to introduce, than under a board. A board would have enough to do without attending to the promotions and transfers and appointments of teachers. With regard to classifi cations, he hoped the hon. member did not mean to challeuge the mode of classification in the Educational Department. The examinations were better provided for than could be done by any one who was not an expert in that particular line of Government business. With regard to the railway servants being compelled to insure their lives, their calling was a more risky one than any other in the service, and in regard to leave of absence, he thought that was much better left to the discretion of the board. Mi. PALMER saw no provision made in the bill for the examination of candidates in other parts of the colony, and it seemed that all the competition would be confined to Brisbane. If, however, the board could do anything to do away with political patronage it would do good service. The clause with regard to superannuation was, in his opinion, the weak point of the bill, as the amount a man might be entitled to might bs re* duced after one of the triennial investigations. It would be much better to make a wan con tribute a little extra to the fund than that the amount he was entitled to should be reduced. Mr. DRAKE said that it was a constant source of complaint against the department as to the way in which young girls in schools were sent away from their homes to outlying places, and he hopel in future that a little more con sideration would be shown when it was neces sary to remove thorn. [Sir T. M'ILWRATTH: " Where is the remedy ?"1 Those teachers could be selected who had frionds in other parts of the country. With regard to the bill itself, he did not think that it went far enough, as it did not include two departments which stood just as much in need of being looked after as any of the others—he alluded to the school teachers and the Police Force. He hoped the Government at an early dato would take the latter department in hand. He pointed out the difficulty of removing the board from social influences, and said that the civil service was to a great extent filled up by young men and woraeu who were the children of the working classes, but they had won their positions by their own merits, but in most cases the positions they occupied were those in which the hardest work had to be done, while the " fat billets" were occupied by the children of persons of influence. Mr. BARLOW said the board would in* volve the outlay of a considerable turn of public money, and produce very little re sult. The granting of leave of absence for a reasonable period should be provided for in the bill, and the maximum of retiring allowances should be made definite. In regard to the clause making provision for officers now in the ser vice contributing to the Superannuation Fund on account of past service, it would, in his opinion, not be effective, unless a heavier paymont w-ro made. As to the superannuation account being liable for moneys misapplied by officers, something must be done to limit tho amount, else the whole fund might be swamped away in a day through one de falcation. He had a great objection to sco men put over the heads of others, except in extreme cases; and he thought that while the rate of pay should be uniform in the different grades of the service, some allowance should be made for tho increased cost of living in certain portions of the colony. He agreed with the bill, except so far as the appointment of a board was concerned, and thought it might be made a very useful measure. The bill was then read a second time, and its committal made an Order of the Day for Wednes day next. The House adjourned at 9.30 p.m until tho usual hour next day. Tea as an article of diet is consumed at th« preßent time by over 600,000,000 of human being*, 6c more than a third of the whole population of the globe. 