TECHNICAL TEACHING IN \ AGRICULTURE . No. 2. A Paper read by the lion. Nicholas Brown, M.E.C., at a meeting of tbe Southern Tasmanian Agricultural and Pastoral Association at the Town Hall, Hobart, June 12. 1889. There is little need of argument to 6how the benefit of instruction in agriculture. That an agricultural school is wanted in Tasmania may be taken for granted, inas much as waste of labor, capital, and land could be prevented by proper training, botli of farmers and farm laborers. runner, uy sucu a scoooi i,ue proaucing power of the country could be greatly in creased, and a career on the land opened to many young men who are now crowding into the towns owing to a dread of the diffi culties ol farming with which they have never been taught to grapple. Many parents, also, who could provide their sons with capital to moke a start in iarming would be glad to send them to a j place where they could be trained for It. In support of the above ideas may be instanced the appreciation of tue agricultural scuools which have been started in Now Zealand and Victoria. Candidates for the school in Victoria are Bo far in excess of the present accommoda tion, that it is contemplated increasing the accommodation four-fold. Besides in England, schools have recently been opened to train 3'ouog men for colonial life, which are attracting a large number of students, a leading part of the course being the theory and practice of agricul ture. Granted that adequate funds and com petent teachers were provided, the idea of training for colonial life in the colonies could hardly fail to commend itself^ If such a school were established here, and information circulated about it in England, it might be anticipated that there would be many applications for admission. Information could be given and applica tions received at the Agent-General's ofllce. There are numerous instances of young men being sent out to learn under private individuals, and even paying large pre miums to gain colonial experience. In many of these cases the experience has been dearly bought. An agricultural col lege could provide better for such cases, and moreover, it would give an opening to a desirable class of immigrants to settle ou the land n'ter first learning the conditions of profitable farming. Ilowever, we need not look so far as Eng land, there is a local demand for instruc tion in agriculture, if it is thoroughly prac tical. And there is one very important condition necessary* to its being practical. Tbe men engaged in the work of teaching must have local knowledge and experience. The experiment has often beeu tried of sending to the other side of the world for a man to conduct a business requiring local knowledge. Great confidence is placed in him at Krst, but before long he astonishes men by his mistakes. His experience is gained at tbe expense of the country ; by ie time he has acquired it and is capable of being really useful, people have lost all faith in him and cry out for some one to take his place. The farm attached to our Agricultural School should be made to pay part of its expenses through the labor of the students. But the object should not be so much to make tbe farm itself pay, as to make it a means of teaching everything. Also, ex periments should ue made there for the benefit of tbe country. There must oe some expense, chiefly at the outset, but uo outlay on education will give a better return. The effect of such schools in Denmark may be cited as an example. Formerly the produce of that country brought a low price in the English market, on account of its inferior quality. Now tbe case is altered, Danish produce commands the highest price ; and it is said that there is an increase of over two millions sterling in the annual value of exported produce. This change was mainly brought about by tbe .exertions of |the King and others in terested in the welfare of their country; tbe King especially worked hard to estab lish systematic instruction in everything connected with agriculture. The resulting gain to Denmark is very great. The question before us is : How are we to do tbe same thing here, and what will it cost to do it? A moderate amount would probably bUffice if we take advantage of the following circumstances : — There is a Government farm at New Town, which for some time past has brought in a large profit, under Mr Hard ing's skilful management. Why not place the students under him for his practical instruction ? Some addition should be made to his salary for tbe additional trouble. This would cost far less than engaging a special instructor. Mr Harding possesses an amount of local experience which would render his services more valuable than those of a stronger to the country. The Government farm is not sufficiently exten sive to give scope for the labor of a number of students, but there is reason to believe that additional land can be leased close enough to tbe Government farm to enable Mr Harding to look after both. Then there is the staff of the Technical School in llobart within reach of New Town. The classes at the Technical School arc now attended by students from New Town. At these classes they could receive instruction in book-keeping, general and agricultural chemistry, plan drawing, and measurement of land. Nearly all the additional teaching they would require could be given by a single resident master, who should under take the boarding, discipline, arrangement of work, and communication with parents end guardians. In this way, by taking advantage of two existing institutions, the Government farm under Mr Harding, and the Technical School in Hobart under the present staff, an Agricultural School might be formed witb comparatively little ex pense. There are details of all sorts to be con sidered, respecting which valuable infor mation can be obtained from practical men here, and from the Agricultural Schools in the other colonies. Tbe principal points for consideration at present are 1\. Is an Agricultural School wanted ? 2\. Can it be started with a fair prospect of success on the lines indicated above ? 3\. Will tbe country approve of the neces B&ry; support being given ? Should these questions be answered in tbe affirmative there 16 nothing to prevent tbe design from being carried into im mediate execution.' Sn far Mr Kingsmill, with whose opinions on this subject 1 believe most of us will agree generally, and whom I thank for the assistance he haa given me. Witb a view to afford e basis for dis cussion, the following suggestions are offered as to what is required, and what can be done in the way of initiating technical instruction in agriculture in Tasmania. LAND AND BUILDINGS. The Government farm at New Town, with tlie addition of two or three hundred acreB in tile Immediate vicinity, to be rented by the Government, as suggested by Mr KingB miH, appear to be sufficient in area for the purposes required. Tbe existing build ings are probably not GuiUcient to satisfy the requirements of those who are inclined to demand in an establishment of the kind contemplated a set of ' model' buildings ; in other words buildings of a kind which no tenant or proprietary fanner ie likely to eee the necessity for when he has to face tbe problem of himself providing the necessary funds for their erection ; but, With some comparatively inexpensive addi tions, they would answer all the purposes required for the present. It would, in my opinion, be a fatal mistake to accustom the students to tbe use of buildings much more luxurious in their appointments and ar rangements than those which they will find themselves compelled to use when they go into business as farmers on their own account. Every practical man knows how, in tbe matter of providing farm buildings, tbe wits are sharpened by the necessity for adapting the expenditure to the means available, and how a lavish expen diture upon elaborate farm buildings bos often perred no other purpose than to show the folly of those I who have erected them. 1 truet that in j this matter ] shall not be misunderstood. I not only do not despise modern improve- \ ments, but on the contrary, I regard the study and striving after improvements in arrangements of farm buildings as an essen tial part of the education of a farmer. But I desire to see these improvements carried out in each individual case with a due regard to the materials and meansavailable. It is within the knowledge of many of those engaged in rural pursuits in Tasmania, that youths have been taken as 'cadets' to 'learn farming,' as the phrase goes, oil estates where the profuse expenditure of wealthy proprietors has provided elaborate barns, shearing sheds, and otbet farm buildings, and 6ucb 'cadets' have not been always benefited by these surroundings. On tbe contrary, tbe habit of finding everything provided for on the most liberal scale has really in most coses disqualified the young men for adapt ing themselves to the more econo mical methods and appliances with whizb, as beginners on their own account, they have bad to endeavor to content them selves. By all means let everything that is necessary for tbe proper accommodation and protection of stock and crops and for the preservation of order and neatness be provided but let everything entailing un necessary ornamentation and expense be avoided. TIEB LODGING OF THE STUDENTS, In this matter it would appear to be very desirable to preserve as much as possible of the characteristics of home life, in pre ference to the sort of 'barrack' arrange ments that must be adopted if the students are all to be accommodated in one building on the farm. Would it not be possible to obtain from responsible heads of families in the immediate vicinity of the farms, offers to board and lodge two or three students, who would be treated as members of their families, and for whose discipline within the hours during which they areundertheir charge for boarding and lodging only, they would consent to be lield responsi ble? Of course, under such a system as this, those having charge of the students out of working hours would have to conform to sucb regulations a? might be found neceesory for providing lor buJTicient accommodation and food, and for ensuring regularity in early rising and taking of meals. But judging from tlie resulu of enquiries made it does not peem improbable that some families might be found who would be willing to contract to provide the necessary accommodation and supervision for a moderate charge for each student. The charge would, of course, have to be paid by the parents or guar dians of tbe 6tudents,the instruction on the farm being given gratuitously, as in Vic toria. Tbe giving of such instruction i gratuitously should not, however, under ' proper management, result in much, if any 1 loss to tbe State, The profits of the farm should provide for the C06t of instruction and supervision. As to the cost of board und lodging, it may be well to mention here that while tbe fee charged at the Dookie farm in Victoiia, is, as before stated, £2'- per annum, the principal of that institution reports that 'last year the cost of each student, including food, attendance, and washing was £22 18s 3.}d. Without stating any specific amount as tbe probable charge in Tasmania, by private families as sug gested, it may at all events be taken for granted that if it were made a part of tbe arrangement tliat families lodging students could obtain household requisites, such ah milk, butter, bacon, etc, at the farm at wholesale prices, the cost of each student f-bould be very much under the usual charge for board and lodging. 3 he advan tages of such a system of lodging the students, if it could be successfully carried out in practise, are ho obvious that tbey ne*»d not be dwelt upon at any length. What most parents anxiously desire to secure for their sons when they go out from the parental home for the first time is a healthy moral atmosphere, and this is at least much more likely to be obtained in the mode of lodging suggested than by the aggregation of students in a special building, even under the best and most conscientious supervision. The system would have tbe further great recommenda tion of rendering unnecessary any expendi ture on more or less costly buildings, and the accompanying expense of superin tendence. THE WORK ANT) INSTRUCTION OF THK STUDENTS. It would appear hardly possible to im- 1 prove upon tbe arrangements made in respect to these at the Dookie Agricultural I Farm. The practice is thus stated in the report, to which reference has already been made .—'Students are equally divided into two c'asses, and one-half of them forming one class are indoors one day attending classes and lectures ; the other half are out on the farm for tbe day performing even* kind of practical work, from cleaning out a pigstye to ploughing, driving the reaper and binder, and making the wines and oils in tbeir seasons; and the work has been done well and willingly by them, This giving up a whole day to either indoor or outdoor work enabled undivided attention to be given for the whole day to either work, ond is a decided improvement on breaking the day for both in and out work.' The practical instruction should embrace all kinds of work on the farm, the use of farm implements and machinery, and the feeding and management of stoe'k. The theoretical teaching should include. 1\. Chemistry in its relation to soils and plant life. 2\. The Intest theories relating to manage ment of farm stock, includiug veterinary medicine aud surgery. !S. Botany. 4\. Entomology. 5\. Geology. G. Bookkeeping and commercial corres pondence, ana the purchase and sale of stock and produce. 1\. Mathematics. 8\. Land surveying and levelling, measure ment of land, and plotting and plan drow The use oE water for irrigation, 10\. Natural philosophy, end applied mechanics, including the construction and management of steam engines, and of water power appliances. It may be doubted, perhaps, whether under the system suggested for adoption at New Town the necessary indoor instruction could all be supplied by the existing staff of tbe Hobart Technical School. But discussion on this point may be postponed for tbe present. ZHB CONTROL OF THB ESTABC,LSIQfSNr. It would appear Tery desirable that the control should be vested in a Board of Agricultural Education . formed on lines somewhat similar to those adopted in Victoria. Such a board might be composed of tbe Deputy Surveyor General, aB permantly representing the Executive Government, and who^e know ledge of land surveying, levelling and draughting and general acquaintance witb the land and land laws of the colony would be very useful to tbe board, two members to be nominated by tbe Governor-in-Co un- cil, and at least three members to be elected by the members of agricultural societies in the colony. The board should be invested with authority to act as trustees of farm lands and personal pro perty, and to control the expenditure ot all funds that may be available for promoting tbe object for which tbe board will be established. The chief objection that may be made to this proposal will probably be as to tbe cost of defraying the expenses of members attending periodical meetings. This, however, cannot be regarded as a very serious objection ; and, moreover, it is contended, as has been stated, that under proper and efQcient management the land cultivated should pay more than the whole . of the ordinary current working expenses, I exclusive, of course, of tbe cost of bearding ! and lodging the students, which it is I believed will be gladly paid by the parents | and guardians. But sucb efficient manage ment cannot be secured without a Tery careful selection of tbe farm manager. A 1 (borough knowledge of practical farming is not all that will be required. There must also be sufficient firmness, kindness, and tact for the suocessful management of tbe boys, as well as of the paid labourers j of tbe farm. While 1 quite agree with tbe opinion expressed by Mr Kings mill that as far as New Town is concerned the position of farm manager could not be beter filled than by tbe present manager of tbe Government Farm, yet, for a reason that will appear hereafter, I would recom mend the adoption of the principle of making a part of tbe salary of the farm manager to depend upon the results of bis management, that is to say, that a portion of his salary should consist of a percentage, say, 5 to 7 per cent of tbe nett yearly profits of the farm, the farm to be debited only witb actual working expenses, and not witb tbe cost of indoor instructions of tbe students. CONCLUSION. There are many other matters in connec tion with tbis interesting and important subject to which one is tempted to refer. But this paper has already extended to a length not originally contemplatod. 1 desire to say, in roaelusioa, that aae great advantage of the system outlined in the fore-going suggestions is tbat if it is adopted tbe work of agricultural education need not be confined to tbe locality of New Town. For its extension it would neither be necessary to buy land not to erect very costly buildings. Anywhere near a centre of population, in the North, say at Long ford, and further westward, at Latrobe, the Government or the board, duly authorised by Act of Parliament, might at very small risk of loss rent a suitable farm for a term of years, the students being lodged with families in tbe neighborhood. The prin cipal outlay then required would be only I the expense of stocking and putting fences I and buildings in suitable order, and tbe erection of an iuexpensive building to serve the double purpose of a class room and a lecture - room. After : that an efficient farm manager, with the inducement before referred to of a percent age on the profits of the farm, and tbe advantage of the gratuitous labour of the students, should be able to moke the farm pay something more than rent and all ordinary expenses, provided only a fair rent were agreed to be paid for it. There would be this further advantage in having two or more of such institutions estab lished, — a healthy rivalry would soon be set up between them, and tbe emulation, both as to the progress made by tbe students and as to the profits obtained from the year's operations on the farm, I would be advantageous to all concerned. I Moreover tbey would have an educa- j tional value, not only for the stu- 1 dents themselves, but for many adult i farmers in the neighborhood, who oould not fail to be benefited by what ought to be an example of oareful, sys tematic, and profitable cultivation ; as well as by the opportunities tbat would doubt less be afforded to them of attending even ing lectures in Che lecture-room. Tbe necessary supervision would be obtained by the Board holding their periodical meetings in rotation at the different farms, as well as by the casual and unannounced visits of individual members of the Board. The capital expenditure required must, of course, depend upon the extent of land taken up. I think we may assume that if the Govern ment Farm at New Town, witb its stock and plant, were vested in tbe Board, a sum of £700 would provide the first year's rent of additional land, for the stocking and necessary alterations of buildings, and for putting in the first year's crop, both on tbe Government farm and on the land to be rented in tbe neighbourhood. If we allow £1000 each for tbe same purpose for two similar establishments in the North, we have an expenditure of £2,700, which would probably be found sufficient for all ordi naryrequirements until returns are received from the farms. Adding £500 as the probable cost of the first year's indoor instruction, would bring tbe total sum required for the first year, for three forms, up to £1,200. Buteveniftbe expenditure should somewhat exceed this, I say without hesitation tbat, provided efficient adminis tration cau be secured, no similar amount expended for public purposes will be so certainly and so largely reproductive in both direct and indirect benefits to the country. My present purpose in thus referring to tbe possible extension of the system will be attained, if in any legislation on tbe subject that is submitted to Parliament the necessary power ior extension is provided. Confining our attention at present, as perhaps would be most prudent, to the initiation of the system at New Town, I trust it will be admitted that enough has been said to show that the scheme is o feasible oue, and that it can be started at a moderate expense. To moke provision for the more ambitious, and more effective arrangements of the future. Parliament should be strongly urged to authorise the reservation, wherever settlement is extend ing or is likely to extend, of blocks of land of 400 or 500 acres, up to a total of soy 5000 acres, as a permanent endowment for agricultural teaching. Let us hope tbat a deep interest in tbe question having now been aroused, this Society by its great and deserved influence will be able to help largely to secure, during the approaching session, tbe legislation , and tbe funds necessary for making a com mencement of this important undertaking. We will hope also, nay, we may confidently expect, that Members of the Legislature, however much they may differ upon other matters, will give their united assis tance in tbe good work. Tasmania should no longer bear the reproach of lagging behind in the path of progress in this direction, but should at least endeavour to emulate the sister colonies and older coutries in their efforts to provide necessary iustruction for the youths who are destined to practice the ancient and honorable craft of cultivating the land. 