MISCELLANEOUS. LONDON, September 18. A trial was made at Wimbledon to-day of Arnane's process for treating sewage. Among those who witnessed the trial was Sir Saul Samuel, Agent General for New South Wales. Fears are entertained for the safety of the ship County of Carnarvon, bound from New castle to Valparaiso, and £63 per cent has been 'paid to reinsure her. [The County of Carnarvon is an iron ship of 1305 tons gross register, owned by Messrs. W. Thomas aud Co., of Liverpool.] London, Septembor 19. The death is announoed of the Rev. Dr. Somerville, of Glasgow, a prominent Scottish divine, who was moderator of the General Assembly of the Free Church of Sootland for the year 1886-S7, and who has been largely identified with mission work. [Dr. Somerville visited Australia some years ago, and the immense gatherings held iv the old Exhibition building at Bowen Park will reour to the memory of many of our readers. The old gentleman's venerable form and his kindly earnestness of speech will uot soon bo forgotten. His meetings here were attended by all classes, and on bis platform met representatives of all religious denominations and many who rarely entered any placo of worship. It was for the purpose of conducting the singing at his services that tho present Evangelistic Choir was formed.] An anti-slavery convention has been con cluded between the Governments of Great Britain and Italy. A banquet will be given to Lord Hopetoun, Governor of Victoria, by the members of the St. George's Club on tbo 15th Ootober. Sir Graham Berry, Agent-General for Victoria, will occupy the chair on tbe occasion. Dr. Saumarez Smith, who has been chosen to succeed Bishop Barry as Anglican Bishop of Sydney and Primate of Australia, will be consecrated by the Archbishop of Canterbury in Westminster Abbey on the Ist Novomber. It is intended to commission tbe gunboats Lapwing and Ringdove for tbo Australian station. [The Lapwing and Ringdove nre both firfit-class screw gunboats of 800 tous and l_oo-_ioi.e power. Each is aimed with six guue.j The Shipping Ring intend shortly to advance the freights to Australia, in order to recoup themselves for the losses incurred during the Btrike at the London docks. Lady Lytton has beon requested by the ladies of Victoria to purchase diamond jewdlery at a cost of £ICOO as a souvenir to be pre sented to Lady Loch on hor departure from Viotoria. Messrs. Chaffey Bros, are despatching two parties of French and German immigrants, including a numbor of vignerons, to their irrigation colonies at Mildura aud Renmark. The Australian Wine Importers, Limited, have beon awarded five ..Ivor medals for thoir sxbibits at tbe Paris Exhibition. London, September 20. Dr. Carl Luniholtz, who some time ago was sent out to Australia by tho University of Christiana, and remained iv the couutry four years (a portion of tbe timo being spent in North-eastern Queensland) studying the fauna and aborigines, ha-* aunouncod his intention of thoroughly exploring New Guinea. London, September 21. During bis projected trip to Australia, John _!un_9, the leader of tho lata dock strike, intends to doliver lectures at the various centres of population. A shipowner offers to give him a free passnge. Searle, tho champion 6culler, with his trainer Matterson, will shortly sail for Australia. An attempt is being made to form a federated labour union, to control the various interests of labour aud regulate future strikes. Mr. William Redmond, M.P., was to-day sentenced to three months' imprisonment for conspiring to oppose the execution of tho law in Ireland. The race for tbe Lancashire Plato "was run at Manchester to-day, with tbe following re sult :— The LancA-T-11-ie Plate, of 12,000 soys., added to a sweepstakes of 23 soy.. each for starten; the nominator of tho wiuner to receive 1030 soys. out of the stakes; tho owner of the second to re ceive 1090 soys. aud the nominator 500 soys. out of the stakes; the owner of the third to receive 500 soys. aud the nominator 200 soys; seven fur longs. Closed 12th July, 1887, with 237 entries. Duko of Portland's b.c. Donovan, 3 years .. 1 Mr. C. Perkins's eh.c. Chitabob, 3 years .. 2 Alicaute < •• ..3 H.M. gunboat Lily has been wrecked on the ooast of Newfoundland; seven of her orew were drowned. [The Lily was a second-class screw gun vessel, tliree guns, 720 tons, 830-horse power.] The River Plate Fresh Meat Company is being re-formed. The new company has been registered, with a capital of £250,000. At the German military manoeuvres now being condnoted in Hanover, the new smokeless powder has been used, and the results are declared to be marvellous. London, Soptember 22. Weber, who wa. president of the Strike Committee during the extensive strike of coal miners in Westphalia in May last, has been sentenced to seven months' imprisonment on a charge of inciting to riot. The Sultan of Zanzibar has granted to Great Britain and Germany tho right to search native boats for slaves. Tbo blockade of the east coast of Africa, which has been maintained for some timo past, will bo brought to an end shortly. London, September 23. The death is announoed of Mr. J. B. Farnie, the well-known writer of pantomimes and librettos for opera bouffe. The London bakers threaten to strike on the 9th November for shorter hours of labour and higher waeeß. Messrs. Burns and Champion, the Socialist leaders, are assisting them. The London postmen aro forming a union with tho same object in viow. Mr. William Willrie Collins, the well-known novelist, is dead. [According to "Men of the Time" Mr.*Collins w:is tho eldest son of tho lato William Collins, R.A., the wcll-kuown painter, of rustic scenes, aud was born in Loudon in January, 1821. His mother was a si- tor of Mrs. Carpenter, ono of the best female portrait paiutcrs of tho time. After being educated nt a private school, and spending two years with his" parents iv Italy, he was nrlicfod for four years to a firm in the tea trade. Exchanging commerce for hiw, he was a student nt Lincoln's Inn at the time of his father's death, nud his earliest literary performance was an ad mirable biography of his father, with selections from his journals aud correspondence, published iv two volumes, 1818. From tlii3 time Mr. Collins devoted himself entirely to literatuio, anl pub lished succ ssivcly "Autonina; or the Fall of Rome; a romance of tho fifth century," 1850; "Rumbles beyoud Railways; or Notes in Cornwall, takou afoot," 1851; "Basil: a Story of Modem Lite," 152; "Mr. Wray's Cash-box; or tbe Musk and tho Mystery: a Christmas Sketch," 1852; "Hido aud Sack," 1851\. Soon afterwardB he became a contributor to "Household Words," and his "After Dark," 1836, and "The Doacl Secret," 1357, are reprints of tales which originally appeared iv that periodical. The later productions of his pen arc "The Queen of Hearts," 185!); "Tho Woman in White," 1860; "No Name," 1802, which, as well as tho preceding novel, originally appeared in tho columns of "All the Year Round," "My Miscellanies," 18G3: "Arma dale," 183(i; "Tho Moonstone," 1808; "Man aud Wife," 1870; "Poor Miss Finch," 1872; "Miss or Mi-V and Other Stories in Outline," 1878; "The New Magdalen," 1873; "The Lnw and the Lady," 1875; "Two Destiuies" 1870; •• The Hauuted Hotel," 1878; "Tho Fullcn Leaves," 1879; "A Rogue's Life from his Birth to his Mar riage," 1879; "The Black Robe," 18S1 ; "Heart and Science," 1883; "I Say No," 1884; aud "The Evil Genius," 1886. Mr. Collius's principal works have passed through several editions both iv England and the United States, and have been translated into French, Italian, Gorman, Dutch, Danish, aud Russian. He is a member of the Guild of Literature aud Art, and took a prominent part in the amateur Eerformauee. which were got up for ite benefit, [c wrote tho "Lighthouse," first played in Srivate at Tavistock House, and afterwards pro uce.l at tho Olympic Theatre. In 1857 his un published drama, ontitled " The Frozen Deep," was first produced at Tavistock House, Mr. Charles Dickens and other amateurs performing it with great success. It was afterwards brought ont with the same cast at tho Gallery of Illustra tion, for the benefit of tho "Jerrold Fund,'" tho Queen having previously witnessed a private representation at that place A dramatic version, l>y himself, of "The Moonstone." in four acts, was brought out atthe OlympicTheatrein Septem ber, 1877. His play, "Rank and Riches," produced at tho Adolpbi Theatre ou 9th June, ISS3, waa a complete failure; presenting in this respect a re markable contrast to the reception iv England, iv America, and on the Continent (iv translation) of other i>lays founded on h:s novels—namely. "The Now Magdalen," nud "The Woman iv White," both produrod at the Olympic Theatre, and •« Man and Wife," produced nt the Prince of Wales _ Theatre, under the niauageui.at of Mr. and Mrs. Bancroft.] It is intended to convert tbo business of Mr. Pear*), the well-known _oap manufacturer, into a company with a capital of £1,000,000. Mr. A. J. Balfour, Chief Secretary for Ire land, denies that tbe Government have any in tention of founding or endowing a Catholic University. H.M.S. Egeria has been recommissionod for service on the Australian station. Mr. E. N. C. Braddon, Agent-General for Tasmania, has on behalf of the Tasmanian Government paid £15,000 to the Main Line Railway Company, and tho latter has now withdrawn its opposition to the quotation of tbe recent Tasmanian loau on the Stock Ex change. Horr Licbt estimates that the quantity of European beet sugar available for the new campaign will be 435,000 tons in excess of that for tne last campaign. The amount produoed during the past year is 207,000 tons in excess of that of the previous year. Tho total stock of sugar in Europe and North America at tbe end of August is estimated at 157,000 tons below tbe stock in August, ISB3. London, September 24. The third-class screw cruiser Curacoa, 12 guns, 2380 tons, 2540-horee power, will replace H.M.S. Opal on tbe Australian station. The Chinese Privy Council is discussing a proposal to expel all Americans who are now employed in China, and to impose restrictions ou American merchants and missionaries at the treaty ports. Ex-Queen Natalie arrived at Belgrade on Sunday, and tbe ex-King Milan threatens that if ahe remains there beyond three weeks he will assert his parental authority with regard to tbe eduoation of his son, the young King Alexan der of Servia. It has transpired that the Russian Admiralty has given orders for building quickly and secretly a large number of torpedo boats and transport vessels. 