London, May 17. In tlio. House of Commons yesterday a divi sion wiis taken bri the motion of Mr Labouchevo in favour of tlio entire abolition of tlio Houso of Lords. The motion was rejected by a 'majority, "of 41' votes! During the debate in tho German Reichstag on Friday Ilorr Riclitcr interrupted Prince Bis- Iriarck by' interjecting " BobIi! 1 Prince Bis- limrck rotnlinted by describing' Herr. iviclitor as "an impudent fool." Herr Bamberger then blade a violent attack on tho Chancellor, who loft the chamber in a rage. Great ttnn.ult fol lowed, and tho Roichstag was ndjourned until. Monday. vTorribleistorms have occurred in Austria and South Germany. . Immonse damage lias been done to bridges and railways, and there has beeri groat loss of life. Many cattlo have been drowned, and crops have been devastated by hail. The charge profcrrcd against Viscount Mun- deville, tho eldest 'sori' of tho Duko of Manchcs- ,.tqr,. of obtaining L1850 by means of false .pre tences, was to havo boon heard to-dny. The pro secutor declined to offer any evidence against . the dofondnnt. The presiding magistrate, how-' over, refused to allow tho case to bo thus ter minated, and stated his determination to send it to tho Publie Prosecutor for his consideration. A grand rcviow of troops is to bo hold at Al- dershot during tho visit of tho Eniporor William of Germany to England. . Tho funeral of tho lato Mr W . Irving Bishop has boon postponed, ponding inquiries into tlio sensational statements made by liis widow that he was pronounced dead and his body dis-: seated by tlio doctors while ho was in a catalep tic trance. Tho doctors who preformed the dissoction woro arrosted by tho polico on tho, charge of causing Mr Bishop's deiith, but. wero afterwards liberated on bail. M. Henri Rocliofort, who came over from; Bi'ubsgIr with General Boulangcr, has boon arrested for an attempt to shoot a Frenchman , .named Piloteo in Rogent-street, London. ..Gen eral Boulangor's offer of bail for M. Rocliofort waa refused, and ho remains in custody. Tho Qiicou of Bavaria has died, at tho age of 84 years Sir Polydoro De Koysor, ox- Lord Miiyor of London' and president of tlio', British, committee at tho P aris Exhibition,, has coin plqiried that 1 tho gold trophy, in the form of an- arch, which lias been orectcd: ill tlie-' Victorian coint, causes dustj arid threatens to order that it ho pulled doWif. '.'Hiri 'iid'erfofonce' is'rescrit'cd, and he lias been romiiidod by Mr ' Huybcrsji tho sucre ti try of tho lyiclpriiin court, that tho Spaco occupied l)y Victoria is ndtunderthe jurisdiction of- tlie British', cqniriiittuo, but' is private ground. A plot' ' formed by a number of Anarchists! arid Ropublicaiis:tO Hbiz6;aiid loot; tlio towii of Sueca, near Valencia, in Spain, wiiilqthe initio 'portion of tho population was working in the fields, has been fortunately discovered and frustrated, tho leaders of :tlie conspiracy being captured | by -the gendarmes. A: : widespread conspiracy to murder;-, tlio Czar and upset the Government has been dis covered by the Russian i>olice, in connection with wliieli it is assorted soma disclosures of a most ularining character have been brought to liglit. Hundreds of persons have been arrested for complicity in the plot.. '. There is stated to(ho a growing disafl'cetion in the army, 'arid many of the soldiery at , Warsaw, St. Petersburg and else- . where' lire declared to; be implicated. Tho revela- tions inado' havo caused serious alarm to the Gzar ilnd Gzarina, and llio latter is: quite pro strated. ' '. ' Another dispute lias arisen between the coal miriers iii Nortluiriibei'land arid the owners, arid the men Jiave /gone on- slrike.. The Northum berland" niuii liiiVo (lespatclie.d a cable nicssago to tho coal ; millers in Pru'tAia expressing Byiiipatliy with'tlioiii iri 'tlicir ' present dispute with the masters ,,v :,:l, ' '! ; , . , ' Cii|)tain Biirkitf,' late coriimander' of 'the 'RiMiSi/JiiniriaJ belonging todho British India Steamship Company, which lias tho contract for earring tbelQtieorislaiid mails lias! bccrii removed frorii hisipdsition 011 account of his- having . mar ried; in- contravention of a rule'of tho couipany's 'Service; The y'puiig lady was engaged to a medi- ciil gentleinan in Brisbane, and' was going out to Aristralia td.! gilt married to liini; but she mnr- rie'd tho ciiptniii of tlio Stoaunir at 'CooktOwn;, during tlio stoppage of the sfbiiriier lit Unit port; previous to going on to Brisbane. .'. Mis Maybrick, a niece of Joffoiriori Davisr who was .President," of tlio Con fedorate /States iri Amorica, has been arrested on a chargo of poison ing her, husband,, a Liverpool inerehant, The will of tlie late Mr Thomas Gladstone has been proven: The personalty in the ostnte ;am- ouuts to L254.000. . . 1 . ; 1 M'Cracken's Brewery Company Limited, Mel- 1 bourne; are issuiiig debentures :iir London to- the axriount of L500.000. The debentures beat | interest, at the rato of 4i per cent; .The mini- : mum has liepn fixed at L95. : f / ! Mr Williaiu E. Gladstone,. M.P., :has .been! spending the past week in yachting on the coasts ; of Devon and Cornwall, and during the time he! addressed an iiuinense gathering on tho main land, meeting with an enthusiastic reception. Captain Murrill, commander of , the' British j steamer Missouri, Whb. jettisoned portion of his cargo iri order to enable him to take oil board ; the 800 Danish immigrants, belonging to the ship; Diiutnark, which. was lately lost in the! 'Atlantic, ; arrived at Tilbury Docks to-day, and, in 11c- i kuowlcdgcment of his hriiriaiio conduct, was re- ' ccivcd with a great ovation. Tho passengers by ; the P; .'ibid1 'O.t < Coriipnriy's 'R.M.B. Britariiiia, which had just arrived from Australia, joined in. the cheering. 'iOx ; 