LOSS OF THE DANMARK. GALLANT RESCUE BY THE MISSOURI. THE CAPTAIN EULOGISED. (By Telegraph from Albany.) [From our London Correspondent.] London, April 26. Great excitement was caused by the loss of the Copenhagen steamer Danmark on her voyage to New York. The luman steamer City of Chester, which arrived at last Friday week from New York, reported having pissed on the Bth Instant, In latitude 49? 35', longitude 37? 16', a large derelicb steamer with a cream colored funnel and a black band at the top, named the Danmark. Her stern was awash with water, and she seemed to be settling down. The Teasel appeared to hare suf fered severely in a hurricane. There was no appearance of the crew In the vicinity. The steamer was believed to be the Dan mark, of Copenhagen, which sailed from Swinemunde on March 19 and cleared at Christianta on the 23rd of the same month bound for New York. The master of the City of Chester was of the opinion that the crew and passengers had been rescued, as the vessel appeared to have no boats and the cable chain was hanging over the bow, which looked as If she had been In tow. The Danmark hSd on board 363 passengers from Copenhagen, 131 from Christiana, 70 from Chrlstlansand, 75 from Malmoe, and 14 from Gothenburg. Of these 26 were cabin passengers, In cluding five children, and the remainder were steerage passengers. The crew numbered 54 hands. No further news was received of the fate of the vessel or of those who had been on her for several dsye until Monday last, when Intelli gence was received that the Portu guese mail boat Acar had arrived from the Aznres with 42' of the crew of the Danish steamer Danmark, In charge of Mr. Peter Babsen, the third mate. Mr. Babsen reports that on the 4th Instant, when about 800 miles from Newfoundland, the Danmark broke her shaft. On the following day she fell in with the British steamer Missouri, of London, bound for Philadelphia, which took her .in tow till the morning of the 6th, when the Dan mark appeared to be on the point of sink ing. The captain thereupon requested that the Danmark's passengers might be taken on board the Missouri, but the latter only had accommodation for 20. Part of his cargo was, however, thrown overboard, and by this means room was made for aU. The Missouri then proceeded to the Azores, and after landing some of her officers and 320 passengers continued her voyage to Philadelphia with 340 of the Danmark's passengers and some of her crew to assist In navigating. All the passengers were saved, and only one man, the chief engineer, was killed, he being found dead In the engine room at the time of the accident. A message, dated Philadelphia on 220 d, gays the steamer Missouri, with 3G5 pu sengers, from the steamer Dan mark, arrived at the Delaware Break water all well. At 1 o'clock this morning she transferred part of her passengers at the breakwater to the steamer British King, which arrived in Philadelphia this afternoon. The Mis souri landed the Danmark's passengers at Philadelphia this evening, and also the surgeon, the purser, and six of the Danmark's crew. Messrs. Peter Wright & Sons, agents of the Atlantic Transport Line, to which the Missouri belongs, had made complete arrangements for their comfort. Bounti ful meals were spread on the tables placed on the pier, and they were afterwards for warded to the West by the Pennsylvania railroad. An inspection of the Missouri shows that Captain Murrell and his crew gave np everything to make the Denmark's people ooorfortable, and ■—Ignoa cabins to the women. The cargo jettisoned to make room between the decks con sisted of rags and wool, 66 bales in all, valued at £500. Captain Murrell Is praised throughout the country for his good service. A telegram from Phila delphia, dated the 23rd, states Captain Hnrrell is the object of great attention, crowds assembling In the streets and cheering him. At the Maritime Exchange to-day Captain JUturell was presented with a gold medal by the Pennsylvania Humane Society. He was subsequently conducted to the office of the mayor, who welcomed him In tne name of the city. Every where the conduct of the captain is loudly prafaed. The following Is an extract from a letter received by Messrs. Williams, Torrey, and field, agents of the Atlantic Trans port line, from the captain of the Mis souri .—April 20,1889—0ff Sb. Michael's, Azores—Dear air—l beg to Inform you of our arrival down here, and doubtless you have been much astonished at It, but not more vexed than I am. On the sth of April, 1.20 p.m., we sighted a steamer flying distress signals. We bore down, and found it was the Danish steamer Danmark, of Copenhagen, from Copen hagen to New York, with her shaft broken. Her captain had on board 665 passengers and 69 crew. He asked me to take them, but I told him I would tow. him, but could not take the passengers, to which they assented, and although it was blowing hard and heavysea on we suc ceeded in getting a tow rope on board, and turned the ve?selrouud to westward, holding on all night to her, and making about one aad a half knots against a strong head wind and sea. Several times 1 thought I should have to slip her, but managed to hold on. At daylight I decided to square away for the Azores, so I signalled to him, and the captain agreed. I squared away at 7.20 am., the wind and sea moderating. The captain signalled that the vessel was making water, there being 3 feet in the after hold. At 920 he sig nalled that the leak was gaining and he must abandon the ship, so I had to cut the tow rope and go down to him. The chief officer came on board and told me that the water had gained 6 inches in an hour, and the weather being finer the captain had de cided to abandon her, and asked me would I take them. Of course I could do nothing eke, so I lowered my boats down, and with his seven boats the work com menced, and such a sight I shall never forgbt. To see the poor souls—women and children—coming np was pitiable. At 11 the first boat load came, all the women and children first, in perfect order, and afterwards the men, until we suc ceeded In rescuing the whole 735 souls without a single accident, although there was a heavy swell, which made it dangerous for the boats to come along side. We managed to get eonae flour and biscuits and meat and tea. The weather ma thick with rain and coming on dirty, and the glass was falling. All hands were on board at 4.30, the captain being the last man to leave. I went over the provisions, and found 1 had about three and a half days' food. 1 de cided to come to these islands, which I have done, and hope to land the pas sengers to-morrow. The first night I had to throw overboard the rag« In the alley* ways, and the weather coming on so bad I had to make some room for them, so t decided to throw the bales of wool over from No. 1 hatch to make enough room to put some down there. This was done, and we stowed away nearly 300 men. We then brought op all our sails, awnings, and tarpaulins, which we spread around for them. We covered the hatches on the cattle deck up, but the water con tinued to amother everything, and although every one on board did their best 1 never saw such a sight as the day light showed us. At noon 1 had to heave to for six hours until the wind moderated, and since then we have had fine weather. We have been feeding 53 passengers in the cabin and 19 In the menroom. There were 28 cablu pas sengers, the rest being Immigrants. I wish to put before you the capital mtuner In which all my crew worked—officers, chief engineer, and mate —in fact it would not be fair to pick one or the other. Rat I really never saw a more willing and hardworking lot of officers in my life If you get this before my arrival at Phila delphia please cable Messrs. Peter Weight and Sons that I have these people, and ask them to make arrangements with the Thingvalla passenger agent to forward all these people on to New York. I trust everything I have done will meet with your approba tion in this dreadful tine. 1 arrived at 9.30 am, and they had had the last meal at 8.30, which was pretty close. The latitude and longitude of abandonment was lat. 46? C |N. 39? W. April 6, 4 30 p.m.—Yours respectfully H. VLvkrelu The Atlantic Transport line, the owners of the Missouri, have notified to the cargo consignees that they are released from all contributions arising from the jettisoning of part of the cargo to make room for the Danmark's passengers. They have also notified Captain Murrell of their approval of his conduct. 