The Morning Bulletin, ROCKHAMPTON. SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 28, 1889. NOTES OF THE WEEK. All Parliamentary and political news points to the apeedy oloaa of tba session. It ia " ikeyond doubt that the unexpected accession ' Ot Sir Thomas M'Il wraith gave a heavy jolt to the Government carriage ; rata on the législative road can be easily descriad ahead, essd the Cabinet wisely determined to avoid these bad patches nntil they have had time te sat their team well io band again. Mean- while another member has been offered and accepted Cabinet rank, so the number of the Executive remains unaltered. The gentle snas aeleoted is Mr. Power, member Tor the -v~San%sm, who has joined the Admistration as » Minister without portfolio, the position Mr. Pattison held before accepting the Treasurer- ship. It is always advisable to have as one of the Government eittiug in the lower Bouse, a member of the legal profession, and this has In the present Parliament become a positive necessity. The Ministry are confronted by perhaps the ablest lawyer in Australia oerUinly tbe ablest Parliamentary lawyer and although Sir S. W. Griffith has placed bis special knowledge with great magna- nimity at the service of the Govern ?oent, still it gives him an exceptional advantage whion no doubt is irksome at tunas to-Ministers. If it is desirable to have anOpposition aa welles a Government, it is cer- tainly necessary that .the Government should be equal to the task of maintaining the correctness, in form, of their own measures. Thia they will now be able to do, Mr. Power being a lawyer of wide practice, and although he is wanting in Sir S. W. Griffith's great experience, the Govern- ment will not be so grievously over- weighted as they have been. The Upper Chamber eat three times this week, but the j matters discussed were of little interest formal business and private bills chiefly occu- pying the time of the Boase. The Assembly nas had a busy week, but it baa also been a profitable one, the House getting through a largs amount of business. The Supreme Courts Aot Amendment Bill was debated at length in committee, especially the clauses -j/MBferring to the Executive the appoint î^^Hof officers of the Court. Mioia In ^Hgot their way, and will now be able ?~»»H[bld tbe whip over the Judges in many little matters. Whether this will be bene- ficial to the administration of justice or no assassina to bf sean. The path now entered am la one that nearly all other countries-cer- tainly all those keenly desirous of preserving asia independence of the Bench - have aVhunned. In the United 8tatea the Judi- ciary have a place in the Constitution, asst their rights cannot bs Infringed ; awhile ia Great Britain, Parliament guards the privilège» of the College of Justice-as the Scotch call th* Supreme Court-as jealously .a it does the right* of either House. If the change «as to be made it would have been preferable if the proposal had been introduced ?t a time when the charge of being ant.oyed nt the notion of the judges could not nave been brought against the Government. Notwith- standing Slr Thomas M ll wraith'« pronounced protectionist leanings, even he is not williug to let a contract in the colonies at a rate sixty per eent in advanoe of British prices. This is so far satisfactory, but it would be interesting to learn where he draws thc line, and why. Mr. Drew, the Auditor-General, is to be the chairman of the new Civil Service Board, and Parliament bas been asked to pass a special measure protecting the interests of that gentleman. This waa readily agreed to, members vicing with each other in expressing approval of the appoint- ment. The other members of the Board have not yet been chosen, and the Premier inti- mated that the matter had not even been dis- cussed in Cabinet. Few things have done the present Government greater credit than the admirable way in whioh they have disposed of their patronage. Disposed of it in a double sense-in the appointments made, and iu the two measures, the Ballway Commissioners Act and the Civil Service Bill, which were specially introduced to relieve the Govern- ment of their right of patronage. Few ad- ministrations, certainly none in Queensland, have shown suoh a self-denying virtue in this respeot. One of the heated charges brought against tbe party now in power during the stirring times pre- ceding the general eleotion was that tbey were inveterate jobbers. The policy of the Government has thrown that accusation baok in the face of their accusers with tenfold force. As instancing tbe altered condition of affairs now, a question was asked in the House the other evening as to whether-through oertain rearrangements in the office of the Engineer-in-Chief for tbe railways of the Southern and Central divisions-the services of Mr. Cross the Engineer for Existing Lines in that division were to be dispensed with. The Minister promptly replied that th« Govern- ment had nothing to do with the dismissal of railway servants. The Administration is now freed from all these petty matters, and it must be a great relief to any one Minister not a confirmed jobber. Bowen has at length been deprived of tts distinction as the titular capital of tba north, the House having agreed by a Urge majority to the proposal to remove the Supreme Court to Townsville. Despite all the denials of the Townsville people, the residents of that ambitions town are steadily accreting to their municipality all the privileges and possessions of a capital. Separation is looming high ahead, and that tbe Parliament of the North will sit in Townsville, there is every reason to believe. The residents on the shores of Cleveland Bay may have many virtues, but self-denial is not one, nor even a very careful regard for the possessions of their neigh- bours, so long aa these are not within the pro- tection of the law. Perhaps a few years hence, when the new colony is formally proclaimed, the people of the North may discover that the whip of Brisbane is but a fleabite to the lash of Townsville. The sugar debate was resumed again on Thurs- day evening by Mr. Macrossan, who, in an interesting speech, advocated the introduotion of Italians to work in the cane paddocks. This is a curious proposal to come from a gentleman who objected so vigorously to Sir S. W. Griffith's Germans and Danes. If the one were objectionable the others are equally so, and if the German and Danish Govern- ments took alarm at the proposal, and prevented their subjects accept- ing it, there is little hope that the Italian Government would regard it with favour. The real objection of those who denounce black labour is not that the kanakas are black, but that they are cheap. Italians, Germans, and Danes have all been proposed, because they would accept lower wages than the British or Australian labourer, but for that very reason there will be as great an antipathy shown towards them by the "white-Australia" people as to the blackest kanaka ever landed in Queensland. The de- bate was again adjourned. An excellent discussion sprang up the same evening on the report of the revenue and expenditure of the past year. It took a decidedly Separationist turn, and members generally seemed to con- sider that the division of the colony was only a question of time. Even Sir S. W. Griffith did not display that opposition which he has shown in previous years. The only practical outcome of the debate was the express decla- ration of the Government that the great measure of next session would be the Decen- tralisation Bill. The fortnightly meeting of the North Rock- hampton Council was held on Wednesday, Alderman Thompson directing the proceed- ings in the Mayor's absence. Mr. George Cbeeseman again claimed for,damages done to his cart (brough an alleged collision with a log negligently left on the highway by the Council, but the aldermen very prop rly declined to alter their previous decision, which was not. to entertain hts request. A discussion on a letter from Mr. John Davies, who wanta a permit to cut timber on the aeon's Park, as others have been doing, Iclted the fact that there is an understand- ing among the aldermen that the Park is to be denuded of ita timber. We are not aware that any decision has been arrived at in open Counoil on the subject-and Alderman NobbB is evidently in the same position, or bis remarks " if the Counoil intended to clear the timber off in this way " were mere idle words. The only information we have had has been that one or two ratepayers have been given permission to fell trees on certain sections of the reserve, they giving a fixed rate per acre for the privilege ; but the im- pression has been that this was with the view of dearing the road, and for that purpose only. Of course all old residents of the borough are aware that it bas been contended for many years past that the thick scrub, which is the home for all the low obaraoters the town possesses, should be swept away, and the Park made what it was really intended to be-and what it is «ell adapted for-a favourite resort for pleasure-seekers. For that reason little fault will be found with the determination of the aldermen, but it ia always desirable that the ratepayers should have an idea of what is going on. To have had the whole reserve laid waste without anyone knowing of it until it was done-save, of course, a few who were in the secret-would have been matter for con- demnation, and Alderman Nobbs is to be con- gratulated on having thus early called attention to tbe proceeding. On bis recom- mendation tenders are to be invited for clear- ing off a few sections, whiob were defined a week or two since. Onoe more the finances intruded on the business, but only very slightly. The Council have not yet received the endowment dne early in August. Why, ie not stated. It would appear that the Finance Committee have no hope of getting it " for a few weeks "-or " until the hBtimates have been passed." The Rockhampton Coun- cil received what was due to them several weeks ago. The only meetings of the W£»k have been the annual gatherings of > ^^Sritish and Foreign Bible Society. Thc ¿¡susi, have been oonduoted by Mr. Robjonne, the repre- sentative of the Society in this colony and New South Wales. Mr. Hobjohn's speeches proved as interesting as ever, and from the reports submitted at the annual meeting it waa ae?n that while the contributions to the Sooiety as a whole have fallen off, those received from Queensland have advanced very considerably. The work of this Society may fairly be de- scribed aa one of the great educating in- fluences of our day. A special feature in this work, and one whiob Mr. Robjohns dealt with at some length, was the tact that it tends to remove the ourse of Babel. There are something like 3000 languages and dialects in the world, and it haa been found that often ia one island there are twenty or thirty different Languages prevailing. Experience hu shown that when the Society tranelatee the Scriptures Into one of these dialecte, the others die out rapidly. The proBpects of the Society for the ensuing year are remarkably good. A new auxiliary WEB formed at North Rockhampton, and steps are being taken to opeo fresh branches in the inland dietriets. Two heavy thunderstorms in the early part of the week have given us the reminder we needed of the arrival of the tammer season, and we may not now look for any more of the pleasaot weather experienced five or six weeks back. A high temperature throughout Monday was followed by a heavy rain storm, which, though lasting only three-quarters of an hour, sst the water in our channels running, and flooded ail the low-lying parts of the town. The fall was 1'60 in. Tuesday afternoon witnessed a second downpour, not so heavy, certainly, but quite heavy enough to convert our channels into miniature creeks. Strange coincidence, it was of similar dnratien to that of the previous evening, but tbe register was only 0*48 in. The weather bas been milder since, but it is now unpleasantly warm out of doors at midday. Various parts of the district and seacoast settlements nave also been favoured with similar rains, which have been very welcome. Another quiet week has passed away in mining circles, the information to hand from looa! fields being meagre. There have been a few small crnshings at Crocodile, which have given fairly good returns, but nothing that can be considered payable has been reported since the crushing from the GeBina Marguerita. The Carnarvon Castle crushing had not been cleaned up at latest reports, though the manager predicts a satisfactory yield. Not a word has been heard from Canoona, but a fairly large crushing from Mouot Morinish will be cleaned up shortly, from which a good return is expeoted. A meeting will be held on Monday next, for the purpose of disoussing the ad vissbleuess of forming this mine into a limited liability company. Chlorinating experiments were commenced at the Annie United claim some days ago, but we have no information whether the barrels may be said to be in full swing yet. Prospecting operations have been suspended on Kearney's selection, pending instructions from England. Satisfactory accounts are to hand from some of the principal claims at Calliope and Norton. The Ail Natives claim at Clermont has got into th&hands; of a syndicate, who in tend to erect machinery. It ia reported some of the wash has been crushed in a stamper maobine, giving highly satisfactory results. It is noticeable that for a few months before Christmas everyone seems on business intent, and such being the case very little time is left for amusements. There are no announcements up to the present time of any | companies visiting Rockhampton, and pro- bably we eball be left to our own resources for a little while. There will m a break in the ordinary run of business ne^T week, how- ever, by the looal regatta, for which there is a holiday proclaimed. -fe*» There has been a good deal of important business at tbe Police Court this week, and several of the cases were of an unusual nature. At the latter end of laBt week a respectable looking young fellow named Rupert Arthur Ernest Lynn was arrested by the police, acting under a warrant issued at the inetauoe of a widow named Brioknell, and charged with abduoting Harriet Susan Bricknell, aged between fifteen and sixteen years, from tbe custody of her mother. Such oases are happily rare, but when they do oocor they attract a good deal oi notice. In Lynn a case there wire several peculiar features. Tbe mérite of the case were never Bone into -in fact, the only evidence tendered against the accused was that sf the arresting con- stable. That the accused man did take the girl away from her widowed mother there was not the shadow of a doubt ; and that the police were perfectly justified in arresting Lim is equally certain, because they scted on the sworn information of the parent of the girl. When the case o »rae into Court, how- ever, a diffesent complexion was put upon it, for the police authorities found that it was impossible to prove, legally, that the girl with whom Lynn eloped was nuder the age of sixteen - the statutory age up to which time girls are protected by the law. The authorities were thus plaoed in a quandary, but they acted judiciously, and having applied for a remand the acensed was let out on bail, and before many hoars had elapsed Lynn and the girl were made man and wife. The opinion has been expressed that a wrong was done to Lynn by keeping him in cos tody when it was well known the charge could not be proved ; but a little reflection will show this was not the case. The prisoner, as the Polioe Magistrate pointed ont, did a very heinous wrong when he induced the girl to elope, and the troubles which followed were the result of bis wrong doing. " Love is blind, and lovers cannot see the petty follies they themselves commit," says Shakespeare; but enamoured swains shoaid at least have a little forethought. Another case of interest was that in which a girl named Esther Lynch was charged with illegally using a horse. This is a case of real hardship to the person whose horse waa taken. It belonged to a cabman named Fowler-a man who has the reputation of being "a merciful mao to his beasts," and who takes especial pride in their appearance. The prisoner is alleged to have taken one of his best animals, worth about £20, and driven it in such a cruel manner that there is very little doubt its death was due to this overwork. Miss Esther Lynch had gained unenviable notoriety before thÍB incident. About eighteen months ago she borrowed another gentleman's horse, and paraded the principal street of the town clad in garments belonging to the masculine sex. A very interesting caee to all members of friendly societies came before the Small Debts Court on Thursday, in which a local medical gentleman Bued to recover fees for professional attendance. The case really resulted in a compromise, but the principle, to settle which it was evidently brought into Court, was whether the officers of friendly societies are bound to attend members who are suffering, directly or indirectly, from the effects of intemperance. We are not disposed to argue thc question here-in fact, it is one which concerns the lodges themselves ; and now that it has arisen, no doubt, it will be Bottled one way or the other. In the caBe in questioo, however, there was no doubt the doctor scted under an unwritten law, whioh was understood by the members generally ; but the rules said nothing on the point. As the gentleman referred to stated very din tiuctfy he objected to attending aBclnbdoetor in such cases, there ÍB a nioe little difficulty to be got over- one which may concern all friendly societies unlesB their rules are very clear on the point. From the cables this week it would seem that, after all, Punch's famous cartoon, de- picting General Boulanger rising from the democracy to the empire, is not to come true, j This " advertising politician " has been de- j teated right through France almost at the general elections, the number of Boulangists who have been returned being quite insigni- ficant as compared with the other parties. The elections generally have gone in favour of the Government, and it is said that the | Bouse will be much more moderate in tone than previous Chambers.-Matters are pro- ceeding quietly in London now, the great dock strike having evidently passed over. As interesting question has arisen ss to what is to be done with the surplus funds, especially the contributions from Australia, and there has been a disposition shown by the committee to divert them to objecte quite outside those for which they were given. This the Melbourne Committee have dis- tinctly objected to, and doubtless the other subscribers ia Awtralla will follow this lead. -A tarribla accident U reported from Cenada, where, through the fal) of a block of rook, estimated to weigh 1000 tone, moor lives have been lort. Thia took place at the Citadel, one of the historical apota in the British colonies.-There is good news for the sugar planters. Herr Lieht, a specialist in thu matter, estimates that the beet crop will fall nearly 160,000 tons below that of last year. This should certainly tend to maintain prices.-A comical cablegram comes all the way from London concerning the Russian Navy. It is there said that the Basa ian Admiralty have given orders for building quickly and secretly a large number of tor- pedo boats-a great secret truly.-Rio Janeiro is evidently going to be a rival to Rockhamp con io the matter of gold exports, 200,000 oz. having been despatched from that port to London this week, and a similar quantity will be sent next week. The following ls the report of the Govern- ment Labour Bureau for the week ending the 26th instant :-Demand : Domestio servants, 2; clerks, nit. Sapply: Domestic servants, nil ; clerks, 1. Supplied : Domestie servants, nii ; clerks, nil. The Immigration Depot is now empty. The following are the magistrates whose names appear on tba roster for attendance at the Police Court next week :-Messrs. F. J. Byerlay, VT. Callaghan, A. J. Callan, W. G. Caporn, W. Cook, T. T. Cummins, P. E. Dalzell, R. R. Dawbarn, R L. Dibdin, and J, W. Face. It baa been suggested that as Wednesday hos bsen proclaimed a public holiday, the Railway Commissioners might authorise the issue of excursion tickets on the Emu Park Railway on that day, so that residents who wish to take a rnn to the coast may be able to do so at comparatively small expense. The weather yesterday was exceedingly hot, and fine. The report posted at the Telegraph Office at 9 a.m. showed the condi- tions generally prevalent are fine, and that many stations are experiencing a taste of the sommer, nota few telegraphing the significant words, ** very warm," " very hot," or " very close." Dr. Webber, Anglican Bishop of Brisbane, w bo has been journeying in the west for the last fortnight, returned to town by the mali train last evening. He will be on the move again thia morning, leaving for Gladstone by Mr. F. A. Morgan's steam Isunch, accom- panied by the Rev. W.A. Djggene, His Lord- ship will condnct services at " the only port " to-morrow, and leave again next day for Rockhampton. A social meeting has been arranged in bis honour for Wednesday even- ing, at which it is likely fae and others will make speeches on the subjeot of the erection of a bishoprio for Central Queensland. The death of the old man George Staines, who fell into the river and wai drowned on Monday night, formed the subjeot of an inquiry before the Police Magistrate yester- day. The witnesses examined were John M'Velgh, blacksmith; Patriok M'Mahon, blacksmith; Charles M'Velgb, blacksmith, a son-in-law of the deceased ; David Casey, police constable, who helped to pick the corpse out of the river ; and Walter Dixon, labourer, who discovered the old man's body lying in the mud at the water's edge early on Tuesday morning. There was little in their evidence that throws any light on the circumstances immediately leading up to the drowning ; but it would appear that SttlneB, who was a man of intemperate habits, left the residence of Mr. Charles M'Veigh, where he has been living for some time, early on Monday morning. He was seen by the witnesses John M'Veigh and M'Mahon the same evening about half past eight o'clock at the Argyle Hotel, Derby street, and they had two drinks with him. When they left him he waa the worse for liquor. Staines waa not aeon alive- after this, and the next beard of bim by his relatives waa that he had got Into the river and was drowned. That he had more drink after parting with tba two witnesses referred to seems probable, for an empty bottle, that had evidently contained gin or aohuapps, was found on the bank of the river almost im- mediately opposite where his deed body was lying. In the course of the inquiry John M'Veigh stated that when the second glass of beer was served to Staines at the Argyle Hotel he was not sober. The Polioe Magis- trate said that if such was the ease he should direct the polioe to instituts proceedings against the man who supplied the drink, one Martin White, and the senior-sergeant had better see him in his office on the sub- ject. Senior-Sergeant Love stated there was another maa in Court who waa present when Stafne'e had the drink, and if His Worship liked, he would call him. M'Mahon was then examined. He eatd he thought tba deceased was sober, bot after the aesond glass he bseame talkative, and appeared to be the woree for liquor. The Polios Magistrate de- cided, in view of the conflicting testimony, not to proceed further in the matter of an aotiou. The inquiry having reached this stage, it waa adjourned for the purpose of taking tba medical evidence. At the Police Court yesterday morning, before the Polioe Magistrate, William James 8oott waa charged under tba Vagrancy Aot with imposing upon Henry Bachert by means of a false pretenoe. The aocused, who is well known in the district, admitted giving a cheque, but said he did not think this was a fates pretenoe, as he expected tome money to be paid into the bank where he had had an account. The Police Magistrate said a plea of not guilty had better be entered. Constable Donald M'Lean deposed to the arrest of the prisoner, upon whom a cheque for £1 on the Union Bank, payable to himself, waa found. The accused when he waa appre- hended said he knew there were some of his cheques about. Henry Bachert, draper, of William-street, and one of his assistants, stated that on Tuesday night the prisoner went into his shop about a quarter to eight, and stating be bad just come from Westwood, asked them to cash a oheque for £1, as he was too late for the bank. Bachert was induced to cash tbs cheque, and the prisoner bought ono or two trivial articles in the shop. Mr. M. J. Farrell, olerk io the Union Bank, gave evidence to the effect that the prisoner had an account at the bank in 1886, bnt it was reduoed in December of that year to Ss. 2d. credit. He wrote to the bank in 1687, asking if any money had been placed to bis credit, and the manager wrote back to the effect that nothing had been paid in, but that there was 3s. 2d. due to him. Upon beiog asked how he would plead, prisoner said he would prefer being dealt with by a jury, but the Police Magistrate said SB he was charged under the Vagrant Act he doubted whether he bad the power to direct this to be done. Eventually it was decided to remand prisoner for a week, in order that he might consult a eolioitor, and bail of £10 in bia own | surety was allowed.-Robert Harley, a youth, pleaded guilty to stealing a log of wood, valued at le., the property of Samuel Ewart, from portion 192, parish of Rockhampton. Mr. Rees Jones, who prosecuted, eaid Mr. Ewart bad suffered a great deal of annoyance from treapassers, who had not only knocked down his fence and oarted the timber away, but had also carted tbe fence away. The in- formation was laid ander 29 Victoria, No. 6, eectioo 36, and a penalty not exceeding £5 over and above the value of the wood stolen was laid down. Mr. Ewart did not wish to press hardly upon the yoong man, but he wished a stop put to soon proceedings. The Police Magistrats said under such circum- stances he wonld only fine the defendant ls., with 3s. 6d costs of Court, and £1 ls. pro- fessional coats. Ha warned the defendant as to his future conduct, reminding him tbat if the penalty were enforced such an act aa ha bad been guilty of would ba a vary expenaire undertaking. Referring to a paragraph that appeared in our Thursday's issue, Mr. D. Whiteley, of The Palma, Coowonga, writes :-" I notice in this morning's Bulletin* paragraph anent the stop- ping place at Coowonga, until lately known aa the eighteen-mile, Emu Park Railway. Unfortunately for the sportsman (and his prompter), who made the representation to you, lt is not sport but trade that makes the principal tramo for railways, and while the stopping place at Coowonga is quite as good for sportsmen as the one at the seventeen-mile was, it is far better for trade, and was adopted by tho Tramo Department after the seventeen mile had been duly tried ; and the authorities are so satisfied at the results of the change, that, since the recent visit of the Commis- sioners the place has been duly christened as above, and if rumour proves correct, we shall have a name and plaoe on the next time-table. Truly, sir, one story is good till the other one is told." Captain'Walker, the newly-appointed cap- tain of tbs Rockhampton corps of the Salva- tion Army, received a hearty welcome from his soldiers last evening. The captain's opening address was of a character pecaliarly suitable to the occasion. Commencing with the earliest period in his life within his memory, he described the leading events in his history up till the time of his conversion to Cod through the medium of the Army. Reared by a Godly parent, he grew up a model young man." He was a regular at- tendant at the Sunday School in his youth nntil he became too old to be a pupil, and was then transformed into a teacher. In this sphere he was aa example for his fellows. With all he was bard at heart, and had not found tbe Saviour ; but the Salvation Army coming to his town, he turned to the Lord and Giver of life, and since then had led a life of uninterrupted happiness and peace. The captain is a powerful speaker, happy in his ex- pressions, choicer io bis language than most Salvation Army officers ; and his descrip- tion of tbe death of his mother WSB touching in the extreme. He concluded bis spseoh with an earnest appeal to allin the hall to forsake a life of ungodlioess and seek their Maker. Morality was very good in its way-he believed in it; but it was not Salvation, without which a man could not hope to enter " the pearly gates of the new Jerusalem." There were many, he dared say, who felt the inclination to come to the peni- tent form, and be saved ; but their prido-as in his own case at first-prevented them. The lieutenant also spoke, and with some foroe ; but bis is a decidedly rougher style of address than his superior's. As reported in yesterday's issue, Mr. Wragge, Government Meteorologist, arrived in town from Brisbane by the Derwent late on Thursday evening, and yesterday be was busy fitting up in tbe Telegraph Office the instru- ments necessary to transform Rockhampton from a seoond to a first-class meteorological station. At present, or rather previous to Mr. Wragge's arrival, the instruments in the local office comprised a barometer, maximum and minimum shade thermometer, and dry and wet bulb hygrometer : to these have now been added a barograph and a tbermomo graph. The first is a eelf-recording barometer, the variations of the instrument being dnly noted on a slip of paper which is attached to a revolving drum. The thcrmomograph is ideoticalio principle, registering automatically the rise and fall of the temperature. These slips of paper are changed each week, the old slips being forwarded to Brisbane, where complete records of all changes in the atmos- phere and temperature are carefully com Siled. In addition to the instruments named lr. Wragge bas had fitted up in the old Court house reserve a couple of Stevenson's soreene. There are boxes about 2 ft. cube, raised on supports some three or four feet from the ground. The sides are fitted from top to bottom with louvre boards, while openings are left in the bottom, and the top is pierced with a number of holes about an inch in diameter. Another top or roof is fitted above the first, sloped to throw off the rain, and separated from the other by about two inches. Within these boxes thermometers and thermomographs will bs hung, the purpose of these miniature observatories being to secure a perfectly cor- rect reading of the Bhade temperature. Mr. Wragge leaves town this morning by the early train for Clermont, from there he will go to Avon Downs, distant about ninety miles in the direction of Ravenswood, thence be will go to Alice and Bogantungan, fitting up meteorological stations at all of these places, i and returning to Rockhampton in about seven or eight days from now. From here he will go north by steamer, calling 'at all the coastal towns, fitting up first-class stations at Mackay, Townsville, Cooktown, and Normanton, and second-class stations at Bowen, Cairns, and Burketown. From tbe latter port he will return to Townsville, and then going inland will fit np stations at Hughenden, Richmond, Winton, Cloncurry, and Boulia ; the last two places will be made first-class stations. Still continuing in the Never-Never Mr. Wragge will travel down from Boulia to Windorah and Thargomindah, at both of which places recording stations will be fitted up, and from the latter town he will go to Charleville, where he will take train for Brisbane. A meeting of the Committee of the Rock, hampton Cricket Association waB held last night at the Belmore Hotel. Mr. G. Bolde" man presided, and there were present Messrs' F. W. Smith, C. R. Thomiinson, F. E. Hunt1 B. Long, G. B. Jones, E. Marweedel, T. V NobbB, F. Boldeman, B. V. Kavanagh' and C. A. Mathias (hon. Bec). Messrs. S. W. Hartley and B. Fahey wrote accepting the position of Vioe-Presidents. The Albert Club wrote appointing Messrs. B. Loog and E. Marweedel as their delegates. The R.C.C. appointed Messrs. F. Boldeman and F. E. Hunt as their delegates, and in addition to the ordinary fte, forwarded £3 3s. towards the improvement of the ground. Tbe secre- tary of the I ulletin Cricket Club wrote stating that Mr. B. V. Kavanagh hud been elect'd as their delegate. In the place of Mr. S. W. Hart- ley, eleoted a vice- President. Mr. G. B. JoneB stated Mr. L. Hocking, the secretary of the Zingari Club, had been unwell lately, other- wise be would have intimated that Messrs. C. R. Thomiinson, F. W. Smith, and G. B. Jones had been elected delegates to the Aesociation. A good deal of miscellaneous business was trans- acted. Messrs. F. Boldeman, E. Mar- weedel, and C. A. Mathias were appointed a committee to arrange matches, and during the discussion which took place Mr. Kavanagh said he bad bees requested to etate that the Bulletin Club were agreeable to play six mai ches-one match each with the Ziugaiia, Rockhampton and Albert Clubs, and one match each in conjunction with the Albert seoood eleven against thc same three clubs ; to play on each occasion with teams of sixteen ; at intervals. If there were any junior trophy given the Bulletin would compete for it, and if the Association arranged any matches for them with the eeniors they expected a show at the centre pitch. The cemmuociatioti gave risc to a good deal of diecuPBion, and Btveral mem- bers- Messra. Tho.ulinBon and Boldcmau in particular-thought the Bulletin club were asking for arrangements to be made which would militate against the welfare of other junior clubs. 1 he fixtures were ultimately left in the bands of the sub-committee, who will submit a draft programme to a committee meeting to be held shoitly. lo answer to Mr. Kavanagh it was stated that so far there was no trophy for the senior clubs this season, and that up to the preBent time nothing had buen heard of a junior trophy. MesBrs. NobbB, Jones, Mathias, end Long were elected a ground committee. Mr. Nobbs an- nounced that Mr. T. 8. Hall had given a donation of £10 to the Asso- ciation. At the Bugeestioo of the Hon. Secretary it was deeided to open negotiations with Maryborough, in order to try and arrange for a visit to Rockhampton during Christmas week. A motion was passed that all matches throughout tbe season shall be trophy matches, and that tte. elnb with the lowest percentage of losses through the season be the wlnDers. There was no other business of importance. The meeting of the Rockhampton Licensed Victuallers' Association, called for last I evening, lapsed for want of a quorum. There was a small attendance at the Columbia 8kating Rink last evening, not- withstanding that a football match of the trophy series was announced. The contest was between teams represen ting the Wallaroos ] and Berserkers, and it resulted in a draw, each side obtaining a goal. A specisl general meeting of members of the Central Queensland Rowing Club was held last evening at the European Hotel* Twenty attended, and Mr. A. C. Drake was voted to the chair. On the motion of Mr. R. Robertson and A. M'Leod, Mr. F. Linttt waite, President, was elected an honorary life member of tbe club for the very great interest he has taken in ita welfare. President from its infancy, he bas ever shown the greatest concern for ita advancement, and has helped and obeered OB the members both by bis enthusiasm, bis example, and hie pocket. Throughout, in times of prosperity, and in times of depression, he bas been ready with his advioe and his purse, nor has he wearied in doing aught to advance the institution of which he bas all along been tbe head and shoulders. Mr. Drake conveyed the decision of the meeting to Mr. Linthwaite in suitable terms ; and the latter gentleman responded in his usual hearty, merry style, 'ibis con- cluded the special business for which the members were called together, but the Presi- dent having taken the obair, several other matters were discussed. Considerable con- versation took plaoe on the proposal to pur- chase a new pleasure boat, and it was decided to make further inquiries as to prices, atc, of local builders. It was also agreed to lend the Rockhampton Rowing Club a four-oared gig on Regatta Day. A somewhat unusual application was made to the Police Magistrate yesterday morning, and the probable result of it will be that the last phase of the recent charges against Gracemere residents ol cattle stesling has been reached. The case centred round a con- signment of hides ; and the polioe having failed to obtain a conviction on the charges of larceny, the question naturally arose as to whom the hideB should be delivered to. The point was a curious one, inasmuch as the hides were branded with the marks of various cattle owners, but the persons in whose pos- session they bad been found were acquitted of having come dishonestly by them. Senior Sergeant Love said under the circumstances he should like sn order from the Bench ss to the disposition of those hides, which were Btill in the possession of the police. Mr. Ranking, having consulted tbe statute having reference to such mattere, said he would hear sworn evidence on the subject, so that there could be some record made, and Michael Croea and Senior Sergeant Love then gave evidence, The former identified two of the hides branded ZH5 as the proparty bf bis mother, who 1B a widow living near Grace- mere ; and Senior-Sergeant Love said he was in Court when Mr. P. McLaughlin swore that four of the others were his property. The Polioe Magistrate then made an order for the skins to be delivered up to the parties claiming them. A vervpretty washing of dirty linen took place injt.be Police Court yesterday morning, when tye cases of Sophy Johnson v. Mary Plum and Mary Plum v. Sophy Johnson were disposed of. In the first instance the defendant was charged with using threatening language, and in the seoond assault was the offence complained of. The proceedings which gave rise to the summonses took place on the afternoon of Sunday, the 2nd instant. All the parties reside in East-lane, or in the neighbourhood, between Fitzroy and Archer Streets, and, according to tbs evidence, a most disgraceful state of affairs prevailed in the thoroughfare mentioned for about half-en hour. Apart from the actual violence com- plained of altogether, it was evident that the most abominable language bad been used by the women who were engaged in the distur- bance, and in this connection some shock- ing specimens were given in the open Court. There was not a redeeming feature in the whole case, although at one time a witness named Bates caused some amusement by giving a theatrical exhibition of the whole soene. In addition to eveything else each party aocused the other of drunkenness, but this was not proved in either case. Towards the close of tbe eases, Mrs. Plum's solicitor produced certificates of the good character of his client from gentlemen who would not oare to hare their names associated with the CSBS. After hearing a good deal of evidenoe more in fact than, as was intimated, the Polioe Magistrate desired to listen to-Mrs. Johnson's legal representative called a little girl named Lizzie Kent ; but Mr. Ranking promptly refused to 1st her go into the witnesB box. He said it waa bad enough for adults to listen to snob language ; but he would not allow a child to take part in the case. In giving his decision, Mr. Ranking said it would be a great deal better for both parties if they had stopped at borne minding their own busi- ness, instead of going about talking scandal. He convicted the defendants in each case-' Mrs. Johnson was fined 10a. and Mrs. Plum ls. : and each party was ordered to pay legal erpenses. The weather at Winton lately has been been very hot, the thermometer in the shade averaging 100° during the week ending the 20th instant. It is expected that the 210 rame purchased fer Rodney Downs Station, to which refer- ence was made in our last issue, will all arrive by the s.s. Eoaoowarra on Monday. The quarterly muster parado ot our Defenoe Force and volunteer companies will be held this afternoon. C Company, Q.S.K., will receive rifles, and the Naval Brigade the deferred pay. It will be seen from advertisements appear- ing in this issue that an important meeting of the Rockhampton Chamber of Commerce is called for Monday afternoon. Among the matters to be considered are the voting of money for the construction of the Port Alma Railway and tbe building of a Blip in tbe Fitzroy River, and the proposal to connect the termini of the Central and Emu Park rail- ways. 