LOSS OF THE DANMAEK. GALLANT RESCUE BY THE MISSOURI. THE CAPTAIN EULOGISED. {By Telegraph from Albany. 1 {From our London Correspondent.] London. April 26. Great excitement was caused by the loss of the Copenhagen steamer Danmark on her voyage -to New Xork. The Inman steamer City of Chester, which arrived at Queenstown last Friday week from New York, reported having passed on the 8th Instant, in latitude 49° 35', longitude 37° 16', a large derelict steamer with a cream colored funnel and a black band at the top, namnd £hA Dumnarlr. Havahini vnui avMh with water, and she seemed to be settling down. @bs.v»BBel appeared to have suf fered sewrely in a hurricane. There was no appearance of the crew in the vicinity. The steamer was believed to be the Dan mark, of Copenhagen, which sailed from Swinemunde on March 19 and cleared at Christiania on the 23rd of the same month bound for New York. The master of the City of Chester was of the opinion that the crew and passengers had been rescued, as the 'vessel appeared to have no boats and the cable chain was hanging over the bow, which looked .as- if she had been In tow. The Danmatk had on board 368 passengers from Copenhagen, 131 from Christiana, 79 from Chrlstlaneand, 75 from Malmoe, and 14 from Gothenburg. Of these 26 were cabin passengers, in cluding five children, and the remainder were steerage passengers. The crew numbered 54 hands. No farther news was received of the fate of the vessel or of those who had been on her for several days until Monday last, when intelli gence was received that the Portu guese -mail boat Acar had arrived from the Azores with 42 of the crew of the Danish steamer Danmark, in charge of Mr. Peter Rabsen, the third mate. Mr. Rabsen reports that on the 4th instant, when about 800 xnlleB from Newfoundland, the Danmark broke her shaft. On the following day she fell in with the British steamer Missouri, of London, bound for Philadelphia, which took herein tow Mil the morning of the 6th, when the Dan mark appeared to be on the point of sink ing. The captain thereupon requested that the Danmark's passengers might be taken on board the Missouri, but the latter only had accommodation for 20. Part of his cargo was, however, thrown overboard, and by ibis means room was made for all. The Missouri then proceeded to the Azores, and after landing some of her officers and 320 passengers continued her voyage to Philadelphia with 340 of the Danmark's passengers and some of he; crew to assist in navigating. All the passengers were saved, and only one man, the chief engineer, was killed, he being found dead in the engine-room at the tune of the accident. A message, dated Philadelphia on 22nd, says the steamer Missouri, with 365 pas sengers, from the steamer Dan mark, arrived at the Delaware Break water all well. Afc 1 o'clock fchla morning Bhe transferred' part of her passengers at the breakwater to the :' ef earner British King, which, arrived in ' Philadelphia this afternoon. The Mis- i souri landed the Danmark'a passengers i at Philadelphia this evening, - and ? aleo the surgeon, the purser, aud ! six of the Denmark's crew. Messrs. j Peter Wright «fc Sons, agents of the \ Atlantic Transport Line, to which the ; Missouri belongs, had intde cjtnplgte : arrangements for their comfort. Bounti- i ful m&ala; were spread on the tables placed on the pier, and they were afterwards for warded to the WeBt by the Pennsylvania ! railroad. An inspection of the Missouri j shows that Captain Murrell and his crew gave up everything to make the Denmark's people comfortable, and assigned cablna to the women. The cargo jettisoned to make room between the decks con sisted of rags and wool, C6 bales iu | all, valued at £500. Captain Marrell is praised throughout t&ie; country for his good service. A telegram from Phila delphia, dated the 23rd, states Captain Murrell is the object of great attention, crowds assembling in the streets and cheering him. At the Maritime Exchange to day Captain Murrell was presented with a gold medal by the Pennsylvania Humane Society. He was subsequently conducted to the office of the mayor, who welcomed him in the name of the city. Everywhere the conduct cf the captain is loudly praised. The following Is an extract from a letter received by MeBBra. Wiliiams, Torrey, and Field, agents of the Atlantic Trans port Line, from the captain of the Mis souri :— April 20, 1889— Off St. Michael's, Azores — Dear Bir — I beg to inform you of our ariival down here, and doubtless you have been much astonished at it, but not more vexed than I am. On the 5th of April, 120 p.m., we sighted a steamer flying distress signals. We bore down, and found It was the Danish steamer Danmark, of Copenhagen, from Copen hagen to New York, with her shaft broken. Her captain had on board 665 passengers and 69 crew. He asked me to take them, but I told him T. would tow him,, but could not lake the passengers, to which they assented, and although it was bloving hard and heavysea on we suc ceeded in getting a tow rope on board, and turned the vessel round to westward, holding on all night to her, and making about one aad a half knots against a strong head wind and sea Several times I thought I should have to slip her, but managed. to hold on. At daylight I decided to square away for the Azores, so I signalled to him, and the captain agreed. I squared away at 7-20 am., the wind and sea moderating. The captain signalled that the vessel was making water, there being 3 feat in the after hold. At 9.20 he sig nalled that the leak was gaining and he must abandon the ship, so I had to cut the tow rope and go down to him. The chief officer came on board and told me that the water had gained 6 inches in an hour, aud the weather being finer the captain had de cided to abandon her, and asked me would I take them. Of course I could do nothing else, so I lowered my boats down, and with his seven boats the work com menced, and such a sight I shall never forget. To see the poor souls — women and children — coming up waa pitiable. At 11 the first boat load came, all the women and children first, In perfect order, and afterwards the men, until we suc ceeded In rescuing the whole 735 souls without a single accident, although there was a heavy Bwell, which made it dangerous for the boats to come along side. We managed to get eome flour and biscuits and meat and tea. The weather was thick with raiu and coming on dirty, and the glass was falling. All hands were on board at 4.30, the captain being the last man to leave. I went over the provisions, and found I had about three and a half days' food. 1 de cided to come to these islands, which I have done, and hope to land the pas sengers to-morrow. The first night I had to throw overboard the rags In the alley-' wayB, and the weather coming on so bad I had to make some room for them, so I decided to throw the bales of wool over from No. 1 hatch to make enough room to put some down there. This was done, and we stowed away nearly 300 men. We then brought up all our calls, awnings,- ' and tarpaulins, which we spread around for them. We covered the hatches on the cattle deck up, bat the water con tinued to smother everything, and although every one on board did their best I never saw such a sight as the day light showed us. At noon I had to heave ' to for six hours until the wind moderated, and since then we have had fine weather. We have been feeding 53 passengers hi the cabin and 19 hi the messroom. There were 28 cabin pas sengers, the reBt being immigrants. I wish to put before you the capital manner In which all my crew worked — officers, chief engineer, and mate— In fact it would not be fair to pick one or the other. Bat I really never saw a more willing and hardworking lot of officers hi my life. If yon get this before my arrival at Phila delphia please cable Ues&rs.; Peter Wright . and SonB that I have these people, and ask them to make arrangements with the Thingvalla passenger agent to forward all these people on to New York. I trust everything I have done will meet with your approba 9,30 a.m , and they had had. the last meal at 8.30, which was pretty dose. The latitude and longitude of abandonment was lat. 462 6*LN. 39° W. April 6, 4.30 p.m. — Yours respectfully EL Mueeell. The Atlantic Transport line, the owners of the Missouri, have notified to the cargo consignees that they are released from all contributions arising from the jettisoning of part of the cargo to make room for the Danmark's passengers. They have also notified Captain Murrell of their approval of his conduct. 