. QUESTIONS ANSWERED. . Postmasters-J. E. (Merewether) : Haye post master's* to pass any examination before being pro moted to the office ?--No. Relationship by Marriage-Parramatta : If two men marry two "sisters, what relationship will the men bear to each other af ter marriage B-Brothers-in law. Grammatical-Alpha (Wilcannia) : The correct expressions are : " Mr. X. is going to take Miss J. and me to the ball," and " Let yon and me play Mr. P. and him." Aromatic Toilet Vinegar^Burrowá : Here is a good recipe : Cologne extract, 2oz "; alcohol, 3 pints ; acetic acid, £ pint ; orange flower water, i pint. Digest for ten day8 ; and filter. Educational-Caloola : At what age is a parent compelled to senda ohild to school ?-When a child reaches the age of 6 years it should be sent to school. The statutory Echool age ÍB from 6 to 14 years. Molasses Sauce-Housekeeper (Grafton) : 1 cupful of molasses, 1 tablespoonful of butter, i cupful of water"i cupful of sugar, 1 teaspoonful of corn-starch, a little nutmeg, and the juice of $ a lemon. Boil till thick. Snake Bite-George Swadling : 1. Kindly tell me . how to use ammonia in ca?e of snake bite.-By injec tion hear the injured part. 2. IB ammonia a sure cure for snake bite if taken in time?-Nothing ÍB a sure eure. . , .Defecting Silver in Raw Ores-Pile: Whataoid ÍB used ito tell the presence of silver in raw ore ; what color . precipitate P-For sulphide, antimonial, and arsenical /silver ores, dissolve in nitric acid. Salt . addedito the. filtered solution will produoe a white precipitate, which turns black on exposure to sun Business Partnership-O. E. M. : A and B a partners in a business with equal shares. A sells 01 the whole business, without B's permission. Can prosecute A any farther than to recover his half : cash value ?-No. Postal Regulations-George Swadling ; Is a poa master in the country supposed to give people the letters whenever they like to call for them, or only c mail days ?-At any time during office hours, 9 a.r to 6 p.m, except Sundays, when the office is only ope for an hour. The Bed Rover-Coolamon '.1. When did the shi Red Rover arrive in Sydney P-August 10, 1832. Were her passengers free immigrants, or were the oonviota ?-Free immigrants. 3. How many mal« and females were on board P-202 females. Thei were no male immigrants. Plant Identified-Mrs. T. (Temora) : The speoime which you forwarded to this office is a terreatrii orchid known to scientists as Diuris maculata. Th tubers of many terrestrial orchids are well known t contain starch cells, and have been largely used b the aboriginals for food. Bog with Mange-Namoi: I have a'dogwhiohi oovered with sores, from biting itself. It appears t have the mange. Can you give a remedy P-Wash th dog clean; and then apply the following twice week : Olive oil, 4oz ; liquor potassa, loz ; creosote 3 drams. Mix by well ahaking. Foreclosing on Mortgage-W. F. : Can a mortgage take action to foreclose on a mortgage on propert; comprising a homestead lease and improvements bc fore the expiration of tho term of holding, as roquirei by the Aot P-No ; the mortgagee could not foréelos until the conditions aro fulfilled. Soot Falling Down the Chimney-Curious (Mait land) : Soot falls down tho chimney before a storm because the air at that timo contains more moisture Soot ia hygroscopic-that ia, absorbs tho moisturi from tho air-and, becoming heavier, detaches itsol from the sides of the chimney. Purifying Vessels-Mrs. H. (Sydney) : All sorts o vessels and utensils may be purified from long retained smells of any kind, in tho easiest and mos perfect manner, by rinsing them out well with char coal powder aftor tho grosser impurities havo boei scoured off with sand and water. I Ringbarking-Subscriber (Ryde) : What distance j am I allowed by law to ringbark thc bush trees on mj neighbor's land which adjoins mino ; so that thoj will not interfere with tho growth of my fruit trees ! -We aro not aware that you aro entitled to ring bark your neighbor'a trees without his permission. Varicose Veins, &c.-Bulli;: 1. Write to Washing ton Soul and Company, chemists, Pitt-streot, Sydney and they will supply yon with tho ingrediente yor require. 2. Tho plants will thrive hore, but aro no! indigenous. 3. For Dr. Ruddock's "Vade Mecum' write to W. Dymock, King-street, Sydney ; price. 7s 6d. Steaming between Capo Town and Plymouth-Tom Bowling (Charters Towers, Q) : l'onald Currie and Company's steamer Roslin Castle has made tho fastest passage on record from Cape Town, via St. Helena, Ascension, and Madeira to Plymouth. The net steaming time was 17 days 1 hour, showing an average speed of 14*84 knots. Opossum Skins-W. M. D. (Sandy Creek) : For cor rect quotations of marsupial and opossum skins, soo tho Commercial colnmnB of tho TOWN AND COUNTRY JOURNAL. Tho estimated number of opossum skins received by tho various brokers weekly during the season proper (which is from about Juno to tho end of September) is 90,000. Food for Flying Mice-Chops : What do flying mice live on P I have had ono four months ; and it will only eat honey.-Flying mico (Acrobates) livo on tho honey from the eucalypti ; and, therefore, honey or moistened sugar is thoir natural food. In all proba bility they also consume small insects, which havo been attracted by the honey. Population of N.S.W. Towns-Maori : What aro tho respective populations of tho following towns in New South Wales : (a) Newcastle, (b) Maitland (East and Wost), (o) Tamworth, (d) Armidale, (e) Grafton, (f) Bathurst, (g) Goulburn, (h) Parkes, (j) Forbes, (k) Young :-(a), 15,000 ; (b), 9000 ; (c), 2750; (d), 3000 ; (o), 5200 ; (f), 10,000; (g), 12,000; (h), 17G2; (j), 2700; (k), 2855. Japanese Silk Industry-Admirer (Bathurst) : The Bilk crop of Japan is increasing year by year. More land is planted out with mulberry trees ; and moro seed is put down for hatching. The industry pays tho grower and reeler to a very satisfactory extent. The Government is fostering tho industry in every direction ; and we may look for continually increasing crops every year. Aphis, «fee.-E. A. (Avoca, T.) : A strong decoction of tobacco water sprinkled on plants has long been considered one of the best remedies for aphis. It is applied hot, about 140deg, and washed off with pure water about 15 or 20 minutes after application. 2. Are coal ashes good for manure P-Yes ; they act mechanically on stiff clay soils, and possibly contain manure ingredients aa well. Holding Land by Busineaa Licence-Subscriber (Captain's Flat) : 1. Is it legal for a man to hold a piece of land, by virtue of a business licence, and rent it to another man?-He can transfer his licence, but not grant a lease to another man. 2. Is it neces sary for a person to have his own business on it, to hold it?-He should do so , but it is possible that he may caTry on suoh business by an agent. To Clean a Sponge-M.N. (Albury) : Take about 2oz or 3oz of carbonate of soda, or of potash; dissolve it in 21 pints of water; soak the sponge in it for twenty-four hours ; then wash and rinse it in pure water. Then put it for some hours in a mixture, 1 glassful of muriatic acid to 3 pints of water ; finally rinse in cold water ; and dry thoroughly. A sponge should be dried, if possible, in the sun every time it has been need. Singing-Amateur (Sydney) : A well-known teacher of singing says that it is impossible to stand on a carpet or rug and sing one's best. Bare boards make a good floor to stand on when you sing. Stone is just as good ; and glass is better. But carpets deaden the voice, and make a trained singer feel choked and suf focating. To sing well one must not have anything above or in front to catch the voice. Even the brim of a hat will impair the voice of a man who wears it. Gladstone-Politician (Brisbane) : Gladstone rises at abcut 6.30 a.m., breakfasts on bacon and eggs or a little fish and tea, and then goes to hia library to akim over the newspapers. From 9 to 1 o'clock he receives callers. A light lunch follows. Then he is driven to Parliament. He usually dines quietly at home at 7.30 in the evening ; the food being simple and the wines light. Then he returns to the House. Unless there is to be an important division, he is at home and in bed by ll o'clock. He has a fondness for hiB old clothes ; and when new ones are bought for him hiB wife has to resort to diplomacy to make him wear them. When he speaks in the House he loosens hiB collar.^ turns np his wristbands, and unbuttons his waistcoat; hiB gestures becoming exceedingly vigorous as he warms up. Civil Service Examinations-Subscriber : We am not aware of any limit of age for passing the Civi Service examination. All particulars can be obtainec from Mr. Barff, Registrar of the Sydney University The limit of age for entering the publio service is V to 25. See section 21 of the Civil Service Aot, 1884 The Civil Service examination only entitles to a pro bationary service of six months. To obtain a ßtaf appointment the junior university examination mus' be passed. Vinegrowing-Vineyard (Gympie, Q.): 1. Wher< can I obtain a good work on vine culture ; also a gooc work on the manufacture of colonial wine?-Kellj on the Vine, or Malet on the Vine, will give yoi some information. Thesebooks are, however, hart to obtain. There are no late works. Write to anj bookseller advertising in our columns. Price aboul 2s 6d or 3s 6d, according to binding. Frequeni articles on this subject appear in the TOWN ANI COUNTRY JOUBNAL. Electric Tanning-Subscriber (Waterloo) : A pro cess of tanning by electricity has been successfully working in France for the last six^ months ; anc1 special harness made from the leather is shown in th« Paris Exhibition. The process consists in subjecting the hides to the action of a ourrent of electricity while in contact with the ordinary tanning materials. A great saving of time ia said to be effected ; and thc cost is reduced one-half. A company has been formed in Britain to introduce the method. Land for Selection in Molong-H. S. (Gongolgon) ¡ Aro thore any reserves or other land likely to lot thrown open for selection in the Molong distriol within the next|twolvo months?-Yes ; but their exaol position cannot bo determined at present. Inquirj at tho local land office at Molong will be necessary, or at tho district survey office, at Orango. Any sud lands do not become open to selection until sixty clear days from tho date of the notification in the Government GAZETTE have expired. Brick Dust and Ashos-W. M. (Gosford) I have a large amount of pulverised burned brick, mixed witt ashos, which has remained for years in a pilo. Is il of value as a fertiliser ?-Tho fertilising value will depend upon the amount of ashes it may contain. Ii the mass has been exposed for years to the weather, it is probable that these are pretty thoroughly leached, and that tho mass is of no moro value than brick duBt. This, if it is not far to cart it, may be of uso on a stiff clay soil as an ameliorator. National Debt of Britain-Subscriber (Stewart's Brook) : Il says there aro three nations with a greator national debt than Britain. Is ho right ?-If by "greater" he refers to tho total amount of the national debt, he is wrong ; if to tho average debt por inhabitant, there aro many moro than throe with heavier debts than Britain. If ho refers to tho weight of debt compared with wealth, which would bc"tho proper way to mako a comparison, there aro few im portant countries with a lighter debt than Britain. Potato Disease-P. W. (Shoalhaven) : Is there any known remedy for blight in potatos ?-In Franco llb of sulphate of copper (bluestone or blue vitriol) is dissolved in lOgal of water. In this solution aro stirred, 31b of fat limo, with 4 pints of water. An other remedy is llb of copper dissolved in 4 pints of boiling water. Add, after cooling, 2 pints of ammo nia solution. The whole is thon poured into lOgal of water. Either of those recipes is good if applied before tho disease has begun to shoAV much on tho tops. Tho Blue of tho Sky-Amatour (Richmond) : Some years ago Professor Tyndall made a series of beauti ful experiments to show that the cerulean blue of tho sky was caused by dust or impurities in tho atmos phere. Those particles aro so small as to reflect only tho luminous rays of short wave-length-that is to say, the blue rays. Professor Hartloy has reinvesti gated the subject, and found that ozone may havo a good deal to do with tho color, as a small quantity of ozono in a glass tube 2ft long produced a full sky-blue color. Suppressing Intemperance-B. A. (Granville) : The hoads of tho Danish police have introduced an original way of suppressing intemperance. If a man is found drunk in the streets or at public places, a cab is hired ; and ho is taken homo. If ho is too intoxicated to bo communicated with, ho is taken to a police station, and kept till ho is able to give his address, when he is taken homo by cab. Tho publican who has given tho last glass of drink to tho victim is made re sponsible for the cab fares, which sometimes amount to a considerable sum. Parents and Son-E. W. : 1. What control have parents over a son over 20 years old ? Can they com pel him to remain, with them and work for thom against his will ?-They cannot compel him to work for them. 2. Can the parents demand any money the son may earn for himself ?-No. 3. Can tho father prevent tho son from marrying, he being only a few months under ago ?-Yes. 4. Your father can make another will, but he cannot leave the land, which will belong to you and your sister (if you are the only childron) after his death. Fowls Ailing-S. W. (Windsor) : We presume your fowls have roup. As the disease is contagious, you should at once remove all the affected birds, and thoroughly cleanse and disinfect the houses. Begin by giving a teaspoonful of castor oil, and wash the nostrils continually, so as to prevent them being clogged. A few hours after the oil give a pill of the following : Balsam of copaiba, loz ; liquorice in powder,$oz ; piperine, 1 drachm. To be divided into sixty doses, and mixed with magnesia to form a solid pill. Give one morning and evening. Compressed Yeast-Alick T. (Newcastle) : Please give a good recipe for compressed yeast.-Vienna yeast is said to be thus made : Indian corn, barley, and rye (all sprouting) are powdered and mixed and macerated in water at a temperature from 149deg to 167deg Fah. Sacoharification soon takes place, when the liquid is drawn off so as to be olear ; and a very little yeast ÍB added. Th9 yeast forms a thick scum on the surface. It is removed, drained, and pressed in a hydraulic press. It may be removed several times. It will keep from eight to fifteen days. The Maoleay District-r-GordinB (Neutral Bay) : 1. Ia there any land open for selection at present in the Macleay district with water frontage. If so, how far is it from Kempsey?-Your best plan would be to apply at the land office in Kempsey. There is plenty of Government land still open for selection in those districts. 2. Would it be a suitable district for grow ing onions ?-Yes ; the land there will grow almost any crop. 3. What would be an average price per acre for clearing the landP-From ¿84 to ¿620 per acre, according to the weight of timber on the land, and the exertions of the men clearing the land. 4. IB it well timbered; and, if BO, with what kind of timber ?- Blackbutt, mahogany, cedar, &c.; 5\. What is the average annual rainfall in the Maoleay dis trict?-About 60in. 6. Would potatos yield well in this district-about what yield per acre ?-Potatos of all descriptions grow well, yielding from 3 to 10 tons per acre. 7. What area could a man plant with maize per day by hand?-Thia depends upon BO many contingencies that we cannot give a decided answer. 