Crumbs, Rink. Bijou Theatre wiecked. Another railway decrease. Fall out the mcdical oorpse. " Silver Falls" a great draw." Will Mr. Duncan be Premier? Barometer at noon to-day, 30'03. Circus attracting large audienoes. Bucket dnll is a good institution. "The man of the hour"—Duncan. Drought broken up in Queensland. Wicked waste of food at the camp. That medical corpse is well drilled. An alleged wife murder in Adelaide, Duke of Edinburgh got Malta fever. 12,000 persons at Oakbank yeBterday. Austria fortifying her Servian frontier. Holidays over. Sundry gardens tidier* Shaw of Persia going to St. Petersburg. Mr. Gossip has suffered another defeat,- Boulaneer now fluttering the white flag. The Rink largely patronized yesterday. —• More sports on the Oval this afternoon^ . Big fire in New York—£600,000 damage. Recall now belongs to an Adelaide man. Our soldiers fight well even on dry bread. " Notes of American Travel" at Norwood. Mr. Dillon being well received in Tasmania* Who is to move the no-oonfidence motion ? Czar cautioned against appearing in public. Bootmakers in Christchurch oat on strise. Bonlanger ordered to clear ont of Belgium. MP. Bnrgoyne'o Beed-wheat babble burst. Aginton comes down hb wire Friday night. Emperor William eulogizing Samoan heroes. Ex-King Milan likely to be expelled from. Servia. Britishers warned against emigrating to Brazil, Next instalment of " Another's Crlme" tomorrow. Loss by fire at Bijon Theatre estimated at -MUfiW. Animal meeting of the Y.MC.A. this evenihg. . Onr soldiers did themselves oredit in camp and field. Sergeant Kingston posted to protect empty Treasury. | (Not much spare room in those Hi'Is trains yesterday. The poor ought to have those stray loaves and fishes. Some of those sentries at the Banks looked very tired. Auoklanders enthused on their new Governor. Ruah of immigrants from ManBter and Connaught. Fenlon and Davis were too much for Boss on Saturday. French National Centennial fete proposed for 5th May. Another batch of Russian officers arrested for Nihilism. What part will Burgoyne take in tbe new combination ? PortSalaib, on the Red Sea, captured by the MahdiBtB. At Broken Hill over £100 collected In aid of Home Rule. Why didn't they poat a corps at the Par liament House ? Twenty-two passengers in a carriage with provision for 12. One duty of a soldier is not to waste his forage allowance. Swarm of Utah Mormons migrating to Northern Mexico. American delegates to Samoan Conference confident of success. Sailors' scrimmage at Townaville—settle d by revolver and axe. Coroner Whittell finds his old shorthand Btill oome In usefully. Polo—Camperdown v. South Australia—on the Old Course to-day. Old Blood-and-Iron trying on another swop with John Bull. Chrysanthemum show at the Jubilee Exhibition on Thursday. Two men lost their lives over the fire at the Melbourne Bijou Theatre. Only six weeks and the papers will be fall of Parliamentary talk again. Railway travelling—six hours from Balhannah to Adelaide yesterday. The Earl of Onslow has created a favourable impression in New Zealand. The Volunteers were snbjected to rathe critical inspection by His Excellency, The President of Licensed Victuallers' Association of N.S.W. died last night. How would several members whom we could name like a dissolution just now ? Sun rose at 6.32 a m.; sets at 5.25 p.m. Moon rises at midnight; sets at 1.46 p,m. How would the Premier and Attorney- General stand if there were a dissolution ? Bismarck wants England to protect Germany's colonies against France ! Cool. Citizens to be appealed to publicly in aid of the Chinese famine to-morrow afternoon. Sergeant Kingston posting Bentries over the Treasury. He knew there was nothing in It. lard and Lady Kintore must have been favourably impressed with their day' outing. English ship the Missouri rescued 700 Danish emigrants from wrecked Atlantic steamer. The Premier will in all probability be. asked to contest Onkaparinga at the next elections. Sergeant Kingston looked very dignified on Monday when posting sentinels over the Treasury. A French Deputy got six months fordefaming the Budget Committee of the Chamber, Mr. M. Wood Green will nnfold a bnndle of " Notes of Amerion Travel" to-night at Norwood, It was very unfair to say that the electors of Newcastle were intimidated by Commissioner Coles, How was it that no sentries were placed in front of the Register Office when Adelaid was taken? Male South Australia at Oikbank on Easter Monday; wives and children at the city -festivals. "It may be for years and jt may be for ever" before some members will return if there Is a dissolution. Heavy damages claimed by Russia from France for deporting Atchinoff and his Cossack filibusters from Sagallo, Mr. Von Doussa will have to alter the Onkaparinga Course before next year, or else owners will not risk their horseB. Messrs. Aginton and Kuhnel are clever in theirlbicycle tricks,bnt their performances are hardly appreciated at Oval sports. William Shakespeare and Mi?uel Cervantes were each born on the same day of the same' year—i.e., April 23,1613. Is there any tnith in astrology ? The holidays were most enjoyable, and the mode in which they were celebrated was creditable to the high taste and good oharaote of the citizens, Charles V. of. France, surnamed the Wise,, laid the foundation of the Bastille—thathome of unspeakable horrors, deserved and undeserved. April 23,1369. Quotation for April 23 :— The web of onr life is of a mingled yarn, good and • ill together: our virtues would be prond if our faults whipped them not.—ShaJcspeare. Will. Sbakspeare was born April 23, 1564, and died April 23, 1616. Qy.-WUl Shakspeare ever die ? " Genius Is immortal as the heavens." Qaoth Milton "He so sepulchred, in such pomp doth lie, That kings for such a tomb would wish to die. Quoth Akenside :— " When lightning fires The arch of heaven, and thunders rock tbe ground; When furious whirlwind, rend tbe howling air. And ocean, groaning from his lowest bed, Heaves his tempestoui, billows to tbe sky. Amid the mighty upr^r; while below The nations tremble. Sbakspeare looks abroad From some high cliff superior, and enjoys , The elemental war." Quoth Emerson:—Shakspeare is as much out of the category of eminent authors as be is out of the orowd. He ia inconoeivably wise, the others conceivably. A good reader can in a sort nestle into Plato's brain, and think from thence, bnt not into Shakspeare's. We are still out of doors. For executive faculty, for creation, Shakspeare is unique. Yet his talentB never seduced him into ostentation, nor did he haip on one string". Quoth oar historical Crumbsman:—" Them's my sentiments." 