LONDON CABLEGRA*M. GENERAL BOULANGiER. = PROBABLE INDIAN RISING IN AMERICA. THE EMPEROR WILLTAM TO' VISIT' ENGLAND. GERMANY IN EAST AFRICA. AFGHAN AFFAIRS.'. - SENTENCE OF DINIZULU. - (FROM ARGUS, AGE,. AND TLEGAP3A.) \- April26th.o The state of~affairs in connection with the land-selections at Oklahoma, in the United. States, is dailygrowing more serious. There is practically a 'famine as regards both food and water, and great' distress prevails among the: selectors ' and others, who have flocked in thousands to the place. Those who have been disappoin taed in their hopes of obtaining land have encroached upon the adjoining reserve, set apart for the Indians, and the latter are out on the warpath.. • MI.- Bitrovo, the Russian ambassador at Bucharest, has declated, that- the best test. of Roumanisa' friendship for Russia would be the stoppage of the ifrontier defence works which the Roumanian Government - have been carrying on for some time past. Major Hawkins has informed bir Edward Walter, the founder and com manding officer of the corps of commis sionaires, that the labour unions in Syd ney will probably drive the commissionaires out of that city. His Royal Highness the Duke of Edin buigh, who has been suffering from a severe attack of Maltese fever, is improv ing, the critical stage'of the complaint hav ing passed. The British expedition to the Sulymah River, on the west coast of Africa,-has de stroyed the capital of Windeb, and released 3,000.native prisoners. . Mr Joseph Thompson, the well-known Melbourne bookmaker, has on behalf of Messrs Spencer, of Sydney, deposited £100 to bind a match between Searle, of Sydney. the champion sculler of the world, and O'Connor, the Canadian, the race to take place on the Thames in September, and to be for the championship of the world, and £500 a side. Mr Thompson has also ar ranged a similar match between Searle and Teemer, the American sculler, to be rowed three weeks later. April 28. The railway to connect the Upper and Lower Congo oy way of the Congo basin has been arranged for. It runs from Matadi to Stanley Pool, will be 260 miles in length, and will cost 25,000,000 francs. The judicial investigation of the affairs of the Comptoir d'Escompte has been con cluded. The report recommends that steps should be taken to liquidate the old com pany and form a new one. The copper contracts are declared to be illegal, because they were the instruments of an unlawful conspiracy to raise the price of copper. It is announced that the Bank of France will guarantee the new company proposed to be formed. The prize fight between Peter Jackson, a colored mon, lately of Neew Booth Wales, and . Cardiff, an American boxer, took place to day at San Francisco. The amount won easily. The Emperor William of Germany will visit England in August. The post-office of Tries:e (an Austrian seaport 214 miles south-west of Vienna) has been robbed of 50,000 florins. Sir John Bennet tawes, Bart., F.R.S., L.L.D.. the eminent anthori y on agricul tural chemistry, is dead. In his will he beqneathes £100,000, and also his museum and laboratory at Rothamsted, to trustees to promote agricultural chemis try. A London watchmaker has been tried and remanded on a charge of fraudulently receiv ing watches and jewellery worth £2,000. . The Duke of Edinburgh is recovering from his recent attack of fever. - -: Mr. G. J. Gosehen, Chancellor of the Exchequer,. has announced that the Govern ment will next month redeem consols to the value of £15,000,000. April 29th. The current number of The Edinburgh Reviewo contains an able article' on the present condition of the defences of the British Empire. It declares that -Mel bourne is the strongest and best defekded port of the Empire, and that even- Ne:1 Zealand possesses ' armaments ' more modern than those of the' fortresses under Imperial control. - The Canadian Parliament has 'passed a measure providing for the extradition of criminals escaping fromt the United States, and taking refuge in Canada. Captain Murrell, of the English - ship Missouri, has been created a Knight of the Danish Order of Danneborg, for his services in saving-the immigrants; 700 in number, by the Danish steamer Dan . mark. \- ustria has nowtlthree complete army corps in Galicia: The Austrian Govern ment intends to double the number of officers of the landwehr. King Milan of Servia, who abdicated the throne last month, has announced his intehtion of returning to Belgrade early in May.-. " . - .... - The Russian Government proposes to hold a series of military manauvres on a large scale at Warsaw. An immense force is to be assembled at the Polish capital. A good deal of uneasiness has been occasioned by the action of Russia in sending heavy reinforements to Bokhlara, on the north-western frontier of Af ghanistan. The Washington centenary will be celebrated at New York with elaborate and imposing ceremonies. Mr Frank Spofforth, the "demon" bowler, has arranged to play With tIhe county of D)ebyshire during the forth coming cricket season, and it is probable that Mr G. J. Bonnor will play with the Middlesex county. The Berlim Post, the semi- official organ of the German Government, de clares that the expedition of Dr. Peters for the relief of Emin Paslha is now use less, and that it would be Lbetter to de vote the -money to assisting Captain Wissmannri to re-establish German in flunence on the Zanzibar coast. A shocking: tragedy has happened near Braintree, in Essex. A farmer there has been murdered by his son, who subsequently committed suicide. The trial of Dinizlu, the Zuln chief, who was some time ago in rebellion against the British Government, and was ultimately captured, is concluded. The charge of murder was withdraws, and lihe was found guilty on the other charges, and sentenced to IO years' im prisonment. - . 