LOCAL AND GENERAL. Tan total number of visitors to the Sydney Museum in 1888 wan 128,365. TIuE annual meeting of the licensed victuallers is fixed for to- morrow rcorning. RAYMiOND TERRcACE subscribers will, in the future, obtain their copies of the Newccastle ,3forning lIerafd upon application to Mr. H. Courtney, news agent. Mu . F. W. Soa?Y has been elected for Redfern i.u the place of the late Mr. John Sutherland. TirE liighe's Bill assault case was con tinued and remanded again at the local police court yesterday. ST?ELne is one. product of New Guinea which immigrants are likely to "get, before any other, viz., fever. Taen amounts held at risk in Sydney by the Fire Insurance Companies at the end of 1888 were £50,528,388. TuaREE sets of machinery for .fiting up dredges on the sand-pump system are now on their way from England. CossTABLE SLATER, who was shot recently in Glenmore Road, Sydney, by burglars, has identified another of his assailants. THE adjourned inquest on the .body of Iflerbert Pettit will commence in the New castle Council chambers at 10 !oclock this -morning. MAJoR-GENERAL E?DWARD, who has been 'appointed by tte Imperial tovernment to ;inspect the military forces, arrived in Bris ,bane yesterday. Mn CnARRNGTovos and ,liss Achurch have been engaged by Willhamson, Garner, :and Musgrove for Australia. They sailed about the end of June. TILe subsidy agreed upon between the N.S.W. Government and the ,Union Steam ship Company. in connection with the 'Frisco Mail Service, is £33,520. A MAN named Herbert Steer was charged at the local police court yesterday with assaulttand attempted robbery. The hearing will be continued to day. Fumoi 1872 to 1887 South Sea Island native missionaries to the nuinmber of '201 went to New Guinea. Of tiese 103 died, including eight who were killed. THE Newcastle B3icycleC!ub held a meet ing last. night to arrange for a race meeting in aid of the Widows and Orphans' Fund in connection with the disaster at the Hamilton Pit. I'?tIICIrAL RAINY, deputy to Australia from the Free Church of Scotland, will deliver a lecture in the .Hunter-street Pres byterian Chureh this evening. Mr. Alex. Brown, J.P., will preside. A r;ETITIOx, signed by 1650 residents of Wollongong and the Illawarra district, in favour of the passing of the Wollorgong ICarbour Trust Bill, has been presented t2 the 'Legislative Assembly. TILE executive officers of the Minors' As oeciation, on receiving Ir. Gregson's reply refusing to have the work of finding the bodies resumed in the Hamilton Pit, decided to lay the matter before the Minister for Mines. THE amount of public money expended in improving the navigation of the Darling River since the initiation of Responsible Government in the colony, has been over £80,000; same for the M?urrumbidge, nearly £85,000. A MARRIED woman named Ellen lWebster was fined £5 in the Adelaide Police Court yesterday for cruelly beating with an iron bar and broom handle an orphan girl of 14 years, wno was living with her. The child was sent to the reformatory. anu. SATnrIEsoN, who has been appointed chairman of the Queensland Raili'ay Com mission, goes out by the Britannia. Mr. Mathieson was, since 1875, the superintend ent of the Glasgow and South W esteorn Rail. way Company, having been altogether 28 years-in the company's employ. AT a meeting held at Wollongong on Fri. day,.for the purpose of expressing sympathy with the sufferers by the Hamilton pit disaster, a subscription list was opened. It was also decided to start a subscription of not more than is per head, as an acknowledgment of the bravery of the rescue parties. Ma. MATIluaw BURNETT, the temperance advocate, will leave Melbourne for Sydney next Friday, for the purpose of conducting an eight days' mission r.here, and thus closing his two years and three months' tour of New South Wales. He goes next to Queensland, making Cooktown his starting point, and working south to -Brisbane. LADY STUIART, the widow of Sir Alexander Stuart, late Premier of New South Wales, has died suddenly in London. Lady Stuart had only returned home from a visit to the country, when she appeared in excellent health, a.week before 'her death. She was 'buried in Roxeth'Cemetery, near Harrow, by the side of .her lamented husband. LTIEUe. COLONE.L )DE WOL SKIa ; R. E., with his-staff, has got the power of a sub-depart. mont in the Works Department. We shall 'now.probably see the now Armstrong guns in position in the fortifications. This will be satisfactory, but why did the Colonel stop the work of road making round Fort Scratch. lev? ."It is all' very well to dissemble your love, but why'did yoa kick me down. stairs:?" HEIcE GL?E?NRi, the Danish Engineer who .proposes to c-antruct a.canal from the North Sea into the Sound, across Jutland, via the Limnsjord, has petitioned the Dianish Parliament for a subsidy of £500,000 to be expended in constructing harbours at each end of the canal ; it being the intention to make the latter by the aid of foreign moLey. A committee has been appointed to report upon the scheme. ' Owi?s to the rapid expansion of their business, it has became necessary for one of the partners of Summerfiold and Company to reside in Maitland, and to carry out that object Mr. R. Cobley's residence at Smed more, together with his choice household Furniture,. will be submitted to auction by Messrs. T. Cox and Company, at 11 o'clock in the morning of Wednesday next. The sale will take place at Hannell- st.; Smedmore. 