COMMERCIAL. Thursday Evening. The rapid advance in the European sugar markets has not unnaturally directed attention to our interests in Queensland. According to the report of the Sugar Industry Commission, which was appointed hy the Government of tlint colony to nuiuiro into and report upon the general condition of the sugar industry in Queensland anil the causes which have led' to its present languishing condition, and tho best means to be adopted for reviving and maintain ing its prosperity, and, generally, upon the prospects of tropical agriculture in Queensland," it appears that the capital invested amounts to between £1,000,000 nnd £5,000,000, nnd wo have proof to the effect that 110 inconsiderable propor tion oftliisainount is, or rather was, represented in Victoria. Tho past tense may he fairly used, for the evidence taken before the commission shows that on three plantations alono held hy Melbourne capitalists over £300,000 lins been absolutely lost. "With tho exception of the Bundaberg district, where the soil is exception ally rich and the yield of cane proportionately lorge, tho position of the Queensland sugar industry is described as in a very depressed con dition, and the causes assigned are given ns follows - — (a.) 'i'liu unnecessarily large areas held by planters compared with the small area actually cul tivated, ami the consequent payment uf interest on the largo unproductive area. (b.) The erection of mills quite disproportionate to the area oi cillie updur cultivation. (c.J The sudden anil continuous fall ill the price of sugar, arising from the keen competition of sugar produced froin'hceUoot. . (il.) The timiitciiil embarrassment of ninny of the planters, owing to their working on borrowed capi tal bearing a high rnte of interest, wliieli, witlt the working expenses, is entirely chargeable rn the small area of cultivated land. (t',j l'lie disastrous drought of tho last two years, which has seriously diminished the production of sugar, tile export for 1838 doing not more than one- half what it was in 1887 ; ami the prospect of un equally diminished output for the present year, owing to tlio continued drought, the rain iiaving come tou late to ensure a full crop for the coining season. ( I ) A general want of confidence on tho part of mouetavy institutions ill the sugar industry, arising from the foregoing- circumstances and the proba bility ul the keen competition of the beetroot sugar continuing lorsotno time to come. The foregoing certainly indicates a vory bad condition of affairs. Tho remedies suggested by witnesses examined by tho commissioners nro : — («) The repeal of tlio lltli section of 1 lie 1'aeillc Island Laborers' Act of 1880 Amendment Act ot 1883 ami its extension for a further period 01 live years : (b) A reciprocity treaty to bo entered into with the Australian colonies for the admission of Queens land grown sugar dutv free upon certain conditions to be arranged between the contracting parties ; (c) 'Hie adoption of a comprehensive sugar scheme : ami (ft) That tlio Government should take the intro duction- of l-olvnesians into their own Itnmls and establish depots at. tlio various islands to liu managed by Government agents and that on lliu arrival of islanders in Queensland they should lie conveyed to tlio Iiiumgmuoit bartneks and there lie opua to engagement 111 the siuuu wav us ordinary wliito immigrants, the planters tu lie responsible for the whole cost of the scheme. The- majority of these". suggestions involved apparently questions of policy adverse to the ideas ot tho majority of tho commission, and bence the two first Ktitt Midi gj unworkable, The conclusion arrived at by the commission is not of a sanguine character as to the future of the industry. The chairman says : — I am also of opinion, after careful and mat live de liberation, that n great deal of the" capital which is invested In the sugar industry, nnd which lias come from ptaccs outside of Queensland, will necessarily bo lost, nnd all that tlio Legislature can do to assist the planters will not prevent it. In lay opinion many of the plantations nvo hope lessly encumbered, anil the same fate which lias overtaken the Hiuulcigh plantation nmst of neces sity, in the course of thnc, overtake others. How ever much we may regret such a result, and sympathise with those involved in it, thero does not appear to be any alternative. When the plantations arc not worked on burrowed capital, niul when thero nro 110 heavy burdens 011 the estates in the form of accumulated interest, then I think there may bo an opportunity of making the sugar industry 111010 jirelUublo than it is at present. For tlte smaller growers, as I have already intimated, I bolievo tlio central mill system," if conducted on well defined principles, will prove an ultimate success. So far as the commission is concerned tho Queensland sugar planters arc hardly likely to recoivo much benefit from their inquiries. In fact, to sum uj>' tho outcome of the . rather lengthy report of the chairman, the finding may bo thus briefly put : — " I find your industry in ruin, and can bold out no hopes of recovery." Fortunately all opinions like those of Mr. Groom and his fellow commissioners may possibly prove incorrect; more particularly when the conclu sions arrived at are to a certain extent colored with political bias. Tho interests of the Darling Downs agriculturists, represented by Mr. Groom, are wholly opposed to those of the sugar growers, and it still may be possible under more favorable market conditions that the latter industry may revive, if it is allowed fair play, with others. Surely a single export staple, which even in bad limes is said to represent a value of £800,000, is hardly to ' be allowed quietly to drift into ruin simply because tho admission .of tho necessity of its continuance >v„uld »nggc-st concessions to Xorthern Queens, land assumed to be prejucial to the South. As it is anticipated, according to our most recent cable advices, that the present Chancellor of the Exchequer intends to take soino stops in connection with tho national ileiit of the J'ritish Empire, tho following return' showing the amount of Government stocks held by Govern ment departments and in the hands of tho public on the 1st of January last, which was moved for by Mr. Ghiklors at the close of last session, and published in March, will be read with interest., Tho figures are : — <1 CD4i CHCO f S- I S 5 S-c-Sffi to ' si . & lllg". 3#?! |S S»=s: &,s I"' o=-ll i. S2 iSs _ -a c.y'g'T'g'. p.|0=, " o3 -<jfo 3 1 li en 1 to II I I I I IS S If ! M I-1 CO .0 Soo O 00 T- -5 5? cm 1— ' o h ' ento to m P S x. gg x, '.> I S 5 g il H tb fl a s £2 a "sis s s >?, (fl H ID" &44 to — Z — M 1-1 M I- « C? - to oj w o -oto w -o M H M C. f CP £» QV V- >3 O CO -r c ci K is a 01 aa . „e 3 81 g JS 3SS jS S f &> a «o -3 "g> Vj cn c/>3 a 25 s ss s £ e| M £ , 0> -q MH Co cn . "S- O Cn 4S o oco O CD 0" Si Now nnd then the warehousemen nllow the public to obtain somo slight information as to the courses of their trnde. Competition for this market at intervals comes to tho front, and it may bo that tho existing rivalry between the English and Scotch trade may lie revived. The Dundee Advertiser states that, "as an addi tional inducement to English drapers to pur chase more largely from Glasgow, somo of the wholesale houses there arc now paying carriage 011 all orders direct to tiie places of business of their customers over the border. This ac tion will, it is thought, further ac centuate tlio keenness of the competition already existing in' the wholesale drajiory trade. Manchester 1ms suffered greatly from tho rivalry on tlio part of its Scotch rival, anil even London feels the effect of the competition, as many London houses purchase a large jiortiou of their stocks from Glasgow. The Scotch firms are accused of having been the first, or amongst the first, to practise tlio sj'stoin of 'dating forward,' by whioli credit, extending in some cases to jieriods of tbre'e, four oi- more months, is allowed (trailers. Manchester, in order to' retain its connection, was compelled to follow suit, as it will probably have to ito with regard to the payment of carriage on jinrcols. All this, it is pointed out, tends to rednco the profits. of wholesale houses, which have been decreased considerably of late yours. Somo of tlio oldest and most highly respected firms engaged in the homo trade have been com pelled within t-lie last . 12 months to retire from the field altogether, in consequence of the fierceness of tlio competition encountered by them, nnd their adherence to the. old plan of maintaining n limited number of departments, while the drapers who support them linvc con stantly increased tlio variety of their stock, so that their establishments now closely resemble the typical American dry gooi Is store." Although the markets are still somewhat ; quiet, still there arc signs of some improve ment in the demand far general goods, which it is auticijKited will expand witli the opening of the coming month. Money is also a sliailo casiei, anil with the expectation of an early re duction of .the Dunk of England minimum rate of discount to 2 per cent, the stringency of the immediate past should ho reduced. We must, however, he content to "hasten slowly" towards the turning point, and witli caution seek to repair past mistakes. The quarterly returns of our bnnking institutions indicate that we are on tho right road, anil with the prospect of un unnsally fine seuso 1 nnd good prices ruling for wool there are fair grounds for being hopeful. Our farmers have had enough of the rain for tho juescut, and are now desirous of a spell of dry weathor, to admit of their sowings being completed. The wiieat market is quiet, nnd at the public sales little disposition was shown by millers to operate. This inuy lie accounted for by the fact that some nro work ing only half time, having sufficient Hour in huud to meet their tiade demands. At auction 2387 bags of wheat submitted, but only 177 bags sold, nt5s. 3gd. to 5s. 7d. for inferior to medium milling samples, and 2s. 3d. for dirty screenings. Privately, 2000 bags sold at 5s. 7Jd. ex station. Market rather quint. Flour moves off in fair trade lots, and 200 tons have heeti quitted for export ; stone made sold from £11 10s., and roller from £13 upwards. Feed grains decidedly easier, . oats suffering most, a result due to tho numerous offers re ceived by wire from New Zealand to sell for for ward delivery at a concession 011 late rates. This indicates that stocks are increasing at the ports, and that holders are desirous of realising. To-day the catalogues included 1543 bags, 747 bags of whioli found buyers, at 3s. Sjd. for in- ferior Oalcuttas ; 3s. 8d. to 3s. 9d. for Danish and 3s. lOtd. to 3s. lid. for stout. Privately, 1000 bags of Now Zealand and Tasmanian sold at 3s. lOd. to 3s. 10£d. Demand hardly so brisk. Parley quiet, 1953 bags submitted for public competition, und 264 bags quitted, Cape realised 3s. 3d., and medium malting 5s. 5d. l'eas taken at 4s. 8d. to 4s. 9d. ; 160 bags sold. Maize placed at 4s. 9d. for prime 90 day, and 4s. 7d. for ordinary quality ; 196 bags quitted. A brisk demand for bran. A small lot of roller made sold at auction at Is. 3d. for good makes ; in parcels, up to Is. 4d. quoted. Jute goods claim a little more notice. Hales of bran bags at 5s. 4d. to 5s. 6d. Uornsacks are moving off at 5s. lid. .Some business in woolpacks pend ing. Gaudies command a little notice, in oils we notico a fair trade done in small parcels of. illuminating; 200" drums of boiled ami raw linseed sold nt 2s. lOd. and 3s. respectively. Tlio public sale of sugars attracted considerable notice to-day, and biddings, as anticipated, were brisk, offers being mode on a higher basis. Tlio entire parcel, consisting of 3200 Hessian lings of 'J'nikooAA refinery whites, was bought inalinoat £26 10s., all faults. Second hands are now selling at £27 10s. for finest Mauritius whites, and £27 15s. for Gliiua whites, and as tihe London market is speculatively influenced 110 immediate reduction m outsido prices can be looked for, whilst our supplies aiioat can only feed our market in a limited maimer. A line of greys sold nt £27. In Adelaide the L'Avonir cargo sold nt £27. Tho Colonial Sugar Kefiuitig Co. Limited announce that they nro now prepared to rcsumo booking orders for sugars at the fol lowing rates : — Ixo. 1 extra, £25 per ton iko.lA extra- £25 per ion: No. 1 ordinary, £24 10s. per ton No. 2 ordmaiy, £23 10s. per ton ; No. .1 ordinary. £21 10s. per ton. Owing to the large number of unexecuted orders still on hand the company are unable at present to give -prompt delivery, hilt customers may rely upon their wants having tlio best possible atten tion Prices of tablet sugar, golden syrup and trenole remain unchanged. > leas uro moving off 111 small lines : com mon congous in more request. "U ith regard to dried fruits, tlio consular report 011 the currant crop of Patrns states that the stock ot currants unsold and held for shijimcnt at the end 01 1888, including the Islands, was about . .. . Tons. Calamata 10,000 provinces. .. 8,000 I'irgos and Gastum 19.CC0 I'alras .. .. 3,(x10 Vostizza and Gulf .. — 1,600 Niiuplla .. - .. 400 Islands .. .. .11,000 Total t>3.003 This is against a stock of 20.000 tons at the same peiod of. last year. C'onsoterable shipments of Pntms and good provincial currants are pre paring for England anil the Continent, and as prices arc now so low, . it is hoped that tlio consumption >n both plqces - will ixicrep.se considerably. The shipments from Patras to Australia direct. . in ' 1888 amounted to 1111 tons, as ngninst :1049 tons -in 1887., Locally, the low price "has attracted notice, and. 1000 cases of currants have been sold for export anil 400 cases at 4(1. d.j). A few sales of Elemc raisins. Oilmen's stores fairly active ; 100 "cases of Keillor's marmalade placed at 7.s. 3d.; 2 tanks of pearl barley, 1 tank of canary seed, 250 cases of Ncstlc's milk at 5s. 101d. and 300 dozen of isinglass at 5s. 3d. In fish, wo note inoro doing in lobsters ; 300 cases taken up to 10s., 200 cases of 1 lb. salmon at 9s. 6(1., 400 cases of sardines, halves and quarters at 3s. 9d. and 7s. Doth malt and hops have further sales. In chemicals, tartaric acid lower ; 100 l:cgs sold at Is. 6d. ; caustic soda and ash have also soino small sales. In metals, pig iron is quoted lower, and business done at £4 ; 100 cases of GO iron, assorted brands, cleared out. Messrs. Hammill and Forrester will sclt 52 tons of German steel fencing wire to-morrow at auction. In liquids, we note 500 cases of Henuossy's pnle brandy, on tlio spot and to arrive, placed. In malt liquors, 100 cases of Pig stout, 250 oases of Foster's ale sold, and a good business done in M'Ewan's. The New Zealand Loan nnd Mercantile Agency Company Limited held their usual weekly sale of grain yesterday before a full attendance of tho trade, when they submitted a catalogue of 3454 bags. Wheat was in fair request ; fair to good milling realised from 5s. 7il. to 5s. 8(1., and inferior from 5s. 5 id. to 5s. 6d. Oats sold from 3s. 8d. to 3s. lOd. for Victorian," and 3s. lid. for New Zealand feed. Parley, ordinary malting, sold from 4s. 2il. to 5s. 5d. Peas fetched 4s. 9d. anil maize :4s. 9d. Bran sold nt is. 3d. The revenue collected- at the Custom Ttou'setlds day amounted to £14,026 16s. 3d.'; wlxirfage, £926 18s. 61I. ; contingent, £9 12s. 6d.; pilotage, £12316s. 