The Dairy Industry in tlie Colonies. Professor Jas. Long has completed, for the informal tion of the New Zealand Government, a valuable report upon the relation of the dairy produce of New Zea land to the British market. He shows how dairy produce can be more economically made, more per fectly shipped, and more profitably sold on arrival in the United Kingdom. He admits thai the colo nial farmer has to contend with great difficulties ; the chief being the length of the time of transit and tho consequent risk of deterioration in the quality of the butter and cheese shipped. Wixh regard tothe diaieiilties of successful shipment, they wouid be ultimately overcome ; and New Zea land butter could be landed in London as fine in iiavor as tLe best products of France and Denmark. But tho rivalry of those conntries wonld prevent the receipt ot very high prices. The New Zealand climate and herbage, however, rendered that colony a formidable antagonist, as butter could be produced there, not only more cheaply in summer, but also in winter, than in an European country. That placed the colonial farmer upon a very close footing with the French and Danish termers 'as a producor for tho British market. Professor Long does not regard tho prospects oi Kew Zealand clieeso as immediately hopeful. He has not been abte to convince himself that the hijrliest class cf Cheddar is made in the colony o any extent. iret success could be attained by no other means. He advised that two or three expert makers should be sent to New Zealand with the object of giving lessons vi the farmhouses, dairies, and fac tories, showing by actual demonstration how the work should bo done, and the reasons for each process. The best mode of shipping cheese must also be ascer tained. The Government would do well not only to introduce competent, teachers but to undertake toe cost of making a scries of simple expsriments in the transmission of butter and of cheese of various ages, packed in different ways, and shipped in rooms at different temperatures! He would arrange that such consignments should be tc--:ted and valued on arrival by competent experts. At tho same time subsidiary dairy industries, such as cjiifienscd milk and other varieties of cheosa, should received attention and wo-nld probably iirovo lucrative. Men of energy and capital should remember that no English county - o»vr.e-l enough cows to supply its own population with dairy produce. Hence the success which had fol lowed the establishment 01 Danish shops for the sale of butterine in all parts of the country; and if Danish, why not New Zealand shops? This summary merely indicates the chief points of this valuable report, which should be placed in the hands of every farmer in the colonies, and can be read with interest and advantage by every colonist. A Canadian Statesman. — The recent death of Mr. Pope, the Minister of Eailways and Canals of Canada, has removed a notable figure from Canadian politics. Mr. Pope was a' farmer, and possessed one of the finest herds of cattle in the Province of Quebec. He was Minister of Agricul ture from 1S71 to 1S74, and from 1878 to 1885, in which year he '.v.is transferred to the department which he adin mistered until the time of his death. Mr. Pope took a keen interest in immigra tion matters ; and it was owing to his initiative that the tenant- farmer delegates visited Canada, in 18S0-S1, and made their reports on the suitableness of the country for settlement. The pamphlet containing these reports at tracted considerable attention in agricultural circles. It was largely owing to Mr. Pope's endeavors, also, that tljte cattle export trade of Canada assumed its present dimensions. That the flocks and herds of the country remained free from the contagious diseases which have so long prevailed in the United States, is largely due to his practical knowledge and watchful care. Mr. Pope, who was connected with Canadian politics for over thirty years, was looked upon as a shrewd politician and able administrator. General Patterson.— By the demise of Lieutenant-General W. T. Laird Patterson re cently, at the age of 69 years, another of the few remaining old typical Scottish officers has disap peared. Entering the army oh February 22, 1SS9, General Patterson received his first eommis- '? I sion as an ensign in the 91st Argyll Highlanders, I now the 1st Battalion of the Argyll and Suther- I land Highlanders. With his regiment he pro- j ceeded to South Africa, where he was employed in I suppressing the Kaffir rising of 1846-47. On the j conclusion of hostilities there he was awarded a I medal and clasp. Promotion to the rank of j Colonel was earned on November 12, 1S65 ; and Colonel Patterson subsequently became Major General on October 1, 1&77, retiring- from the army after forty-two years' service with the rank of Honorary Lieutenant- General of July 1, 1881. An Italiax Dramatist. — The recent death of Paolo Ferrari deprives Italy of her most dis tinguished dramatist. An accusation was made at the time of the production of the 'Silver King ' to the effect that the plot of that play was borrowed from Ferrari's ' H Suicidia.' In. both pieces the hero passes for dead, and allows him self so to be considered, with a view to the retrieval of a lost position. In spite of their great success in Italy, not one of Ferrari's plays seems to have made its way to any foreign stage ; and the best of them are too full of Italian characterisation and of Italian peculiarities of dialect to be duly appreciated beyond the Italian frontiers. Death or a Scottish Professor. — Professor Smeaton, of Edinburgh, died in his residence on Sunday, April 14, at the age of 75 years. He was connected in his early days with M'Cheyne and others of that school — a school, by the way, which by no means despised learning, and was diligent in the study of the Scriptures. Smeaton was an assiduous reader, and was appointed Professor in the Free Church College of Aberdeen. There he was very popular, and had great influence for good. He edited for some time the British and Foeeign Evangelical Seview. He 'was trans ferred to Edinburgh, where he was much valued. He was a man of considerable erudition and much amiableness, although a somewhat fierce and bitter controversialist, and a resolute Con servative in every sense of the word. His works on the Atonement and the Holy Spirit have ? value. Lord Fkaser.— Recently, died at Gattonside House, near Melrose, N.B., Patrick Fraser, a Judge of the Scottish Court of Sessions, bearing the courtesy title of Lord Fraser. He was about 6S years ' of age, having been called to the Scottish Bar in 1S43. He was some time Dean of Faculty in Edinburgh, and was made a Queen's Counsel in 18S0. In the following year he was appointed a Judge of the Court of Session, and Lord Ordinary in Exchequer cases the same year. Lord Fraser was an LL.D. of the University of Edinburgh. Fkiendlt Societies in Victoria. — Part I of the ttntii annual report of the Government statist in connection with the Friendly Societies of Victoria shows that there were in 1SS7 31 societies registered under the Friendly Societies Act as ajalnst 29 in the previous vear. Fiitv-five new branches were opened during tne year, ana 21 were ciosea, cr amaigsmaiea with other branches. The single societies not having1 blanches were 887 as coinparad with 853 in 1S8C. The number of members admitted during the year was 12.437, as asrainst 12,4-15 in 1SSG. Tho number of members at the cIoec of 1S37 was 73.021, giving- an average throoghGut the year of 71,255 financial members. The Manchester Unity Indepen dent Order of Oddfellows had at the close of tbe year 163 branches. 18,437 members, and a credit balance of .£255,292 for the sick and relief fund ; Grand United Order of Oddfellows, 55 branches, 40C6 members, and .£34,5(37 balance ; Independent Order of Oddfellows, 55 branches, G015 inemhers, and JM9.059 balance : Si.. Patrick's Society. 7 branches, CSO members, .£10,14-3 balance : SL. Patrick's Society, Geelong and western .districts, 16G members, ^61992 balance; Hibernian Australasian Catholic Benefit Society, 4S branches, 3052 member?, -£19»158 balance; United Ancient Order of Druids, 77 branches, 7513 members, ,£ii,057 balance; Ancient Order of Foresters, 12-i branches. 12.-500 members, J;U7,4.SG balance ; Ancient Order of ? Shep herds, 43 members, .£720 balance ; Sons of Temperance, 53 branches, 2537 members, .£20,282 balance; Order of St. Andrews, S.C., G branches, S21 members, .£31,90 balance; Order of St. Andrews, 22 branches, 9S6 members, £4130 balance ; German Sick aud Belief Society, 1G9 mem bers, .£1021 balance ; St. Mary's Total Abstinence Society, 43 members, £207 balance ; Grand United Order of Free Gardeners, IS branehes, 9V2 members, £5S75 balance : Independent Order of Becbabites, 156 branches, 7621 members, irSC.739 balance ; Pro testant Alliance Friendly Society. 20 branches, 1350 members, J-7-il2 balance ; Australian Natives Association, Gl branches. 4116 members, £ll.9Sl balance ; United Laborers' Friendly Society, 42 members, .£188 balance ; Irish National Foresters, 35 members, £CS balance. Several of the societies whose sick and relief fuads were in an vr.sormd con dition when they were brought under tbe Act have improved their condition by increasing the contribu tions. Two new societies {the Melbourne Tramway and Omnibus Company's Mutaal Benefit Society aud the Irish National' Foresters' Benefit Society) have been registered. ? -, Mme. Muste, wife of tho Japanese. Minister in Washington, is engnficd in translating a Japanese novel into licglish. Sho is csid to Law acri.ired a complete knowledge of tho English laii};nag-(j during the yqar she has Event in the United States. . 