GENERAL IGNATIEFF. St Petersburg, Monday. (FROM THE “ ARGUS”) (FROM THE “ AGE”) (FROM THE “HERALD ”) General Ignatieff, who, in 1882, was dismissed from the post of Minister of the Interim, has been appointed Chief of the Police, and practically Minister of the Intel lor, in succession to the late Count Tolstoi. Terrible storms have occurred in Austria and South Germany. Immense damage Inn been done to bndgejand lailways, aud there has been great loss of hie. Mmy cattle have been drowned, aud crops have been de vastated by hail The Berlin Conference on Samoan affaire has approved of the pnuciple of a dual con trol oxer the native government in Samoa It is expected that the conference will conclude it labor? on Tuesday The Frandtnblatt, a journal published m Vienna, declares that the actum of the Em peror William with regard to the colliery strike will be for ever memorable He is not a monarch who reigns and does not rule. Hi-' labors mike him the supreme mediator and arbiter of truth. The charge prefeired against Yiscount Maudeville, the eldest son of the Duke of Maucnester, of obt lining £1650 by means of false pretences, was to have been heard on Friday The prosecutor declined to offer am evidence against the defendant The presiding magistrate, how ever, refused to allow the case to be thus terminated, and stated bis determination to send it to the Public Prosecutor for Ins consideration. His Holiness the Pope has been suddenly taken ill, and is reported to be in a weak condition It is i umored that the report of the Tames Parnell Commission will not be pubhshe i until February next. The witnesses for the defence who have been examined before the commission this week have been principally priests vv ho were activ e members of the National League They declared that the leigue was not responsible for the outrages that hid occui red in Ireland, which they hid denounced from the altar, but they admitted that they had advocated boy cotting A winespread conspiracy against the Czar of Russia has been discovered in the regi nients stationed at Moscow, Warsaw, and E'lzabetgrad. Many officers and soldiers have been arrested Three officers com mitted suicide in order to avoid capture, A bomb of a terribly destructiv e character was found at V\ ars vvv. The intelligence of this new plot has completely prostrated the Ci inn a A plot formed by a number of Anarchists aud Republicans to seize and loot the town of Suoc-i, near Valencia, in Spam, while* the male pm tion of the popul ition vv as w orking m the fields, has been fortunately discovered and frnstnted, the leaders of the oouspiracy being captured by the gendarmes. In the House of Commons, the Chancellor of the Exchequer (Mr Goschen) replying to a •jaeitioja by Mr J. Henmker Heaton, de clined to consider thepropuety of appoint ing a Royal Commission to report on the question of cable communication between the United Kingdom aud the other parts of the British Empire The leader of the JHoUse (Mr W H Smith) also, in reply to Mr Heaton, refused to in auy way facilitate the discussion of the extension of the penny postage system throughout the British Empire and the United States as a means of •celebrating the jubilee of the penny postage in the United Kingdom The funeral of the late Mr W Irving Bishop has been postponed, peuding en quiries into the sensational statements made by his widow that he was pronounced dead anUihis body dissected by the doctors while be was in a, cataleptic trance. The doctors who performed the dissection were arrested by toe police on the charge of causing Mr lishepV death, but were afterwards libe -rated an ibail. The Queen of Bavaria has died, at the age of Cd years [Queen Mane of Bavaria was the mother of the present King Otto Wil belmjjuitpold. Her Majesty was born on HthUctobei, 1525, and was the daughter of the late .Prince Wilhelm of Prussia. She w&t.a; widow, her husband, King Maximilian IK (having died in 1861 ] Tie Keonpsust, in an article published to daiy, states that the action of the Tas maoism Government towards tb- Tasmanian Mam (Line Railway Company k*c been very high landed. M-'Otaokeri.s City Brewery Company Limited* Melbourne, have placed on the market iSrst mortgage debentures to the valup of £500,600. the tenders ior which must Be cent in by Tuesday ue*t The agents of tke ( corap»ny hope that hiay will be successful in raising the amount required Sir Willm.jp F. D. Jervois, the late Governor of New,Zealand, has am.ed in England H* will shortly be appointud by the War Office to-apei intend important military engineering works Mr Justice Cave. refused to continue the injunction restraining Messrs Sydney Barbour and Cos , AliEboaine, from suingdEe exeefrfors of Mr Sunuet-Spnlding Mr Garner, of the -firm of Williamsoq Garner, and Mnsgrove, d-as purchased the rights for Australia of the epera comique, in j three acts, “Paul Jui of/’ by Planquette, which is tube produced u Melbourne nertt Christmas, Miss Clara Mi-lwlh, the prima donna, replacing Miss Nell«r'%towart Her Majesty the Queen ,opened anew school at Eton on Saturday. A grand review of troop* fsiii be held at Ahhrshot during the visit of tizs Emptier 'William of Germany to England The Mumcipat Council of liodw have, by ■a in ijonty of one vote, agreed (to expend gCO.OOO marks in according tu imposing re •caption to the King of Italy on the occasion -of dug visit to the city [The efforts that welt being made ito false tht guns of HM S. Sultan, winch was v recked on the coast of Sardinia tn Match last, have been abandoned XI e further consideration of the Sugar Bounties Convention Bill, winch is uow be fore the House of Commons, has been post , poned ucijl tile 20th June • The questions iu dispute with regird to! the roci fur the American Vacht Cup bare been aettled, mid the difficulties removed Jhe MiddSeshorough Vluu;cipal Council J l '? pained a resolution in favor of the dis I""™ the desd by' demotion. At the New Vork Chess Congress Mr Gossip dt Gated Mr Lipsohutz mid also beat The widow of Mr Stephen Adams has non arrested on a charge of poisoning her h-vi land’s brother, James Maybnck, t Liver- P'«d Merchant. It is uportcil that the Anglo Australian Inicstnuiit Finance and Land Company, , niled, ofS/dney, is about to issue deben luroß m J,oniioi| to the amount of £250,000 Mil of the late Mr Thornne Gladstone has been proved. The personalty in the estate amounts to £254,000. O'Connor, the Canadian oarsman, who is matched to row against Searle, of New South Wales, the present champion of the world, in September next, is expected to arrive in England about the middle of June. Jackson, the colored pugilist, formerly of New South Wales, who has been victorious in ’■eceut matches in the United States, is coming to England, where he hopes to be able to arrange a contest w.th F P. Slarnr, the Australian champion boxer. Mr Christie Marraj, the well-known novelist, intends to visit Australia shoitlj on a leetming tour. Captuu Burkitt, late commander of the R.M S Jumna, belonging to the British India Steamship Company, which has the contract for cany mg the Queensland mails, has been removed from Ins position on account of Ins h ivmg married, in controlea tion of a rule of the company s service Captain Murnll, commander of the British steamer Missouri, w ho jettisoned portion of his cargo in older to enable him to take on hoard the 600 Danish immigrants belonging to the ship Danm.uk, whicn was lately lost iu the Atlantic, armed at Tilbury Docks on Saturdaj', and, in acknowledgement of bis humane conduct, was received with a great ovation. The passengers bj the P, and 0_ Company’s R M.S. Britannia, which F'ad just armed from Australia, joined in I he cheering Colonel Maitland, the director of the Woolwich Arsenal, has sent in his resigna tion of that position He has also resigned his membership of the Rag Club. In each case the retuement was practically compel sory, for had not Colonel Maitland resigned he would have been removed from his posi tion at Woolwich and expelled from the club, for very grave charges of immoral and depraved conduct, to wh oh he had been un able to furnish a satisfactory reply, had been made against him. 