Current News. BY TELEGRAPH AND OTHERWISE. The Government have appointed Peter Reid as master of the steamer Albatross. A petition was filed in liquidation on Satur day for the sequestration of the estate of Edwin Walter Hill Willett, of Fortitude Valley; total liabilities, £1300. Petitions have been filed in liquidation for the sequestration of the estates of Francis Hog?, of Chinchilla, licensed victualler, total liabilities, £2687; Alfred Baldwin, of Brisbane, to bacconist, total liabilities, £2111. Heavy fines were the other day inflicted npon Solomon Marks, a jam manufacturer, at Surry Hills, Sydney, for having on his premises a quantity of rotten melons unfit for human food, and also for allowing a quantity of offensively smelling filth to remain in his premises. During the voyage of the steamer Birksgate, whioh arrived from Sydney on Monday, Louis Ward, the boatswain, was presented with a handsome gold locket from the captain and officers, suitably inscribed, as a memento of his noble conduct in jumping overboard and saving life in Torres Straits on 3rd July last. Captain F. H. Stanford, of the b.s. Leura, having observed the reference made to his vessel in the account of the wreok of the Malls gate, wishes to state that the boat containing the shipwrecked mariners was not seen by anyone on board the Leura. The engines of the Leura were not stopped, as appeared to those in the boat. Among the passengers per the steamer Changsha, from Sydney, was Baron de Lissa, who was well known in the sugar industry in Queensland, but who now has a large sugar plantation in North Borneo. He states that the Queensland Government had lately sent to his plantation in Borneo for some plants of the sugar-cane. These were actually Queensland plants which he had originally got from the Acclimatisation Gardens in Brisbane, but the climate of Borneo was so favourable to sugar cane growing that it had completely trans formed and improved the canes. An adjourned meeting of those interested in the proposed Beenleigh Irrigation, Dairy, and Bacon Factory Company was held in Cable's Hotel, Beenleigh, on Saturday evening. A prospectus produced by Mr. Christie was ap proved of, and authority was given to have it printed. Several hundred shares had been ap plied for by Brisbane gentlemen. Mr. Watt was asked to meet the neighbouring farmers and see what quantity of milk they could supply daily to a factory. Mr. James M'Andrew, of Brisbane, who was present, spoke generally about dairy and cheese factories, and of the ad vantage they might be to the district. A meeting of the trustees of the Esplanade Reserve at Cleveland was held on Saturday night last to consider what steps should be taksn to contribute towards the display attending the festivities in connection with the opening of the railway. It was resolved that all the fences, seats, and sheds over the seats be painted afresh, that additional seats be supplied, and that on the opening day the re serve be decorated with flags and bunting. We understand that a public meeting is called for to-day (Saturday) for the purpose of author ising the divisional board to contribute towards the expenses necessary for the opening of the line and appoint a committee. The following publio holidays are to be pro claimed at the places mentioned:— Wednesday, 14th instant, in the Walsh division, being the day for the annual race meeting of the Walsh Valley Jockey Club; Thursday, 15th instant, at Bowen, being the annual race meeting of the Bowen Turf Club; Wednesday, 21st, and Friday, 23rd instant, at Brisbane, the former being the opening day of the National Associa tion's Exhibition, and the latter the first day of the winter race meeting of the Queensland Turf Club; Thursday, 29th instant, at Towns ville, being the second day of the Townsville Pastoral and Agricultural Association's show ; Friday, 30th instant, at Cairns, being the day for holding the race meeting of the Cairns Turf Club. The Rev. G. D. Bnohanan has shown us a curiosity in the shape of the first " phonogram" •ver received in Queensland. Unfortunately, as there is no phonograph in Brisbane, the message conveyed by the phonogram can not be heard, but it is quite visible in the form of fine lines running round the wax cylinder. As is probably well known, the phonograph is a magnetic instrument some what similar in prinoiple to the telephone. The message spoken into the transmitter is reoorded by a fine point on a revolving cylinder of wax about 4in. long by 3in. thick. This cylinder may be removed and sent to a distance, and on being placed in' another phonograph and revolved under the point, the Utter follows the indentations in the wax and the instrument gives ont Bounds similar to those whioh caused the marks. The phono gram shown us, which was packed in a cylin drical box and sent by post to Mr. W. P. Hanna, who is a guest of the Rev. G. D. Buchanan, is covered with very fine lines. In one place these lines are much deeper and more distinct than at any other part, and probably represent a song or musical selection. A correspondent writing from the Albert River on sth instant says:—The fine weather of the lost ten days of July terminated all too soon for the late corn, and some of it will remain with cobs under water, or smothered by weeds, and out of eight. Both the Coomera and Albert are about as high as after the rains in July. Grass is flourishing as though it was in February after rains, and pumpkins are still growing, lor tho days are warm and nights mild. Although the unimproved lands are valued by the court at £1, there are some small lots sold at much more, and we hear of some good agricultural farms to be offered at high values in the near future. The arrowroot making will be somewhat delayed because of the extreme wetness of the ground, but the yield is bettor than was at one time expected. Considerable damage has been done by the rains washing out suoh crops as lucerne and oats and in rotting potatoes, &o.; In Mr. Bailey's nursery a rush of water from the high land has cut a channel right through, washing out a few fruit trees and other plants. The Danes of Maryborough have signed a petition for presentation to the Danish Govern ment protesting against the appointment of Mr. Pietzokor as Danish Consul. Emu Park has been appointed a place at which courts of petty sessions shall be held, and Constable W. Johnson has been appointed clerk of petty sessions thereat. Mr. E. J. Baines has been appointed taxing officer in the offioe of the Registrar of the Supreme Court. The appointment dates from the Ist instant. He will now relieve the registrar of the work of taxing bills of costs. The Government of New South Wales have decided that the colony Bhall be officially repre sented at the Dunedin Exhibition, and will furnish exhibits of minerals, wool, and wines. Provision will be made in the Estimates for the necessary expenditure. The following persons have been'adjudicated insolvent during the week: —John Edgar Dean, of Maryborough, dairyman; Carl Schnitter, now of Brisbane Gaol, shoemaker; John Barron, of Gympie, timber-getter; Walter Hose, of Cooktown, storekeeper. Captain Hennessy has been appointed by Sir Wm. Maogregor to the command of the New Guinea Government steam yacht Menie England. Captain Hennessy has commanded several steamers trading along the Northern coast, and is most favourably spoken of by those who know him. Our Beenleigh correspondent, writing on 31st July, reports that Mr. Meers, of Gramzow, met with a serious accident on the previous Monday. He was driving home with a load of timber, when a wheel of the cart caught against a stump. The vehiole was overturned, some of the timber falling on him. On the arrival of the local doctor it was found that two ribs were broken and the back seriously bruised. Instalments for the Irish Evicted Tenants' Fund are now arriving from some of the places visited by Mr. Dillon. Mr. F. Mao Donnell, the secretary in Brisbane, has received £216 ss. forwarded by Mr. M. Wakhe, being the net amount raised in Port Douglas; and Mr. F. A. Marquess has forwarded £336 145., the net amount raised in Cooktown. The gross amount in connection with the recent meeting in the Opera House on 3rd June, including £30 from the Christian Brothers' School, has now reached £936 Bs. lOd. for Brisbane alone, and a few subscriptions promised have not yet come in. Mr. Justice Harding, sitting in insolvency on Wednesday, heard two applications for certificate of discharge. The first, an adjourned applica tion in the estate of Edward Broderiok Swayne, was granted, and the certificate ordered to issue at the end of six months. The next matter was • renewed application in the estate of F. N. Simonson, which, liketheformer,oamebeforehis Honour on the 24th of last month. The appli cation was opposed by E. D. Naumberg, one of the creditors. After listening to a statement of the facts of the case, his Honour refused the certificate. It is proposed by the National Associa tion to kola a conference of agriculturists in Brisbane during Wednesday and Thursday of the Exhibition week under the auspices of the Department of Agrioulture and under the presidency of the Under Seoretary, at which papers on agricultural topics will be read and discussed. Among the subjects pro* posed are ensilage, dairying, fodder and other plants, and cultivation of* lymph for pleuro pneumonia, with illustrations. The Depart ment of Agrioulture intends arranging for holding similar conferences in other parts of the colony at the gatherings of the various agricultural and horticultural societies. Tenders were reoently invited for the con struction of ten sugar-cane waggons which it was found were urgently required to meet the unexpected demand at Maokay. The successful tenderers were the Nundah Carriage and Saw-mill Company, who undertook to con struct and deliver the waggons in running order at Mackay in what then appeared the incredibly short time of fourteen days from acceptance of tender. A telegram has been received announcing the fact that a most suc cessful trial tripof the waggons took place yes terday week. The firm have thus completed the order three days within contract time, or four teen days from date of tendering, including two Sundays. Some correspondence has lately appeared upon the affairs of the late Industrial Mutual Life Assurance Society and con siderable anxiety evidently exists among those insured as to the probable result of the liquida tion now in Mr. G. S. Murphy's hands. From inquiries made we are in a position to state that the total sum realised will only amount to about £2000, whioh will have to cover the claims of 780 policy- holders. As 130 of these claimants represent founda tion policies, or policies issued as fully paid up, it will be seen that the balance available for a dividend among the contributing members of the society will amount to very little. Indeed, it is scarcely possible that £1000 will be available for dis tribution among the remaining 630 members. Mr. Pattison, the Colonial Treasurer, de livered his Finanoial Statement to an unusually full House on Thursday week. In accordance with the practice initiated several years ago, the statement had been printed, and thus the hon. gentleman read it off as rapidly as he could, the understanding being that no discussion would take place until the members of the Assembly had been given time to fully consider all its details. Nevertheless the reading of the statement was attentively listened to, and at its close Sir S. W. Griffith briefly called attention to two matters, whioh he said he had expected the budget statement would have contained. One was a distinot statement of loan expenditure, and the other some reference to the suggested finanoial separa tion scheme, outlined in the Governor's speeoh. Replying, Sir T. M'Dwraith expressed him self as in entire accord with the Leader of the Opposition with regard to the necessity of a separate statement of the loan expenditure, inasmuch as the present system had taken from Parliament a control of the expenditure, which should ever have remained in their hands. From the statement made by Sir T. M'llwraith, it may be expected that ere long a scheme providing for the establishment of a more satisfactory system of dealing with such funds will be brought forward. Mr. F. W. Galloway, who was recently pfcQ.-^ xnoted to the position of Immigration Agens, has been appointed a member oi the Immigra tion Board. '. '•' A petition was filed in liquidation on Tuesday for the sequestration of the estate of Thomas Poaoook Flat, trading aa Plat and Co., of Rosalie, storekeeper; total liabilities, £1198 9s. 3d. Tenders for the pumping machinery in oon neotion with the Upper Brisbane River water supply scheme closed yesterday week. Twelve tenders were received by the Board of Water works, but their acceptance has not yet been considered. A telegram received yesterday week by the Hydraulic Engineer from the officer in charge of the boring apparatus at Manfred is as follows :— " Have struck big supply artesian water here in sandstone rook at 678 ft. seven miles back from Flinders on Manfred Blook; supply over 50,000 gallons; temperature lOGdeg." We understand that the report of Sir William Maogregor, administrator of the Government of New Guinea, on his exploration of Mount Owen Stanley, has been received by the Governor, and that it will be placed in the hands of the Government Printer, who will publish it in pamphlet form for general infor mation. A telegram from our Rookhampton corre spondent states that Mr. W. J. Taylor, manager of the local branch of the Australian Joint Stock Bank, who had been missing since Thursday, when he visited Olsen's eaves with his family, found his way to a selector's house in the neighbourhood of the caves. He arrived there at about 5 o'clock on Saturday afternoon in a very weak condition, having suffered greatly from exposure to the wet weather and from privation. A correspondent writes that a new distillery company has lately commenced operations near Bundaberg. The venture is that of a local company of planters to establish an effective and profitable means of making use of their surplus molasses. The distillery is said to be one of the largest and most complete in the colonies, its capacity being equal to 400 gallons a day. The still was made by Messrs. S. Henderson and Co., of Brisbane, and is on the combination continuous principle. When a trial of the machinery was made the various tests ranged from 45 to 62£ over-proof, a remarkably clear spirit being obtained. Mr. J. C. Baird has been appointed clerk of petty sessions and district registrar at Herber ton in the room of Mr. Charles Carrington, who has been transferred to a similar position at Roma, whioh has become vaoant through the promotion of Mr. A. H. W. Shand aa clerk of petty sessions at Ipswioh. Mr. D. Gallwey's appointment] as clerk of petty sessions at Ipswich, in the room of Mr. F. W. Galloway, who was appointed Immigration Agent, has been cancelled. We understand that the reason for cancelling Mr. Gallwey's appointment is that he found it inconvenient to leave Dalby, where he will remain in the position of C.P.S., whioh he was to have vacated. There are at present on view at the shop of Mr. Savage, picture-frame maker, George street, two oil paintings by Miss Louisa M'Lean, a daughter of the Under Seoretary for Agriculture, and pupil of Miss Jones. One is a copy of a copy by Miss Jones of De Wint's celebrated watereolour drawing of Bolton Abbey, and the other is a copy of a sketoh by Miss Jones of the Gebel El Aakah Range, near Suez, the supposed spot where Moses led the children of Itrael through the Red Sea. Con sidering the short period Miss M'Lean has been studying art both pictures are meritorious, although we think a student who has become so proficient in the use of pencil and brush would be muoh better employed in studying Nature than in copying copies—a praotioe whioh so often leads the young artist astray and never produces confidence or originality of method. The Government have accepted the tender of Messrs. J. and J. Rooney, £3329, for the erection of a lighthouse on Booby Island. This light will be of great service to all vessels entering Torres Straits from the westward, and especially to vessels bound to and from the Gulf, as it will enable them to dear the banks off the western end of Endeavour Straits without danger. The lighthouse will be erected on the highest point of the island, about 85ft. above the level of the sea. The frame will be of timber, and this will be sheathed with galvanised iron plates. The height to the Ifghtroom floor will be 35ft., the lantern and lightroom together having an additional height of 23ft. The apparatus is to be a seoond- order revolving light, whioh flashes at intervals of a minute. The light will be visible from a distance of about nineteen and a-half miles. There will be three lightkeepers stationed on the island. The Proudfoot light ship is twenty-five miles west-by-north from Booby Island. There are doubtless many in Queensland who remember Thatcher, the inimitable rhymster, whose looal songs were so very popular on the Victorian diggings in the fifties. Thatoher's spngs are now out of print, but even if they were obtainable many of the incidents which gave point to the songs were unknown to a great part of the present generation. It may not be generally known that we have in our midst a looal Thatcher, whose keen satirical rhymes are but little known beyond the cirolo of his own friends. He has, however, been prevailed upon to publish a few of them under his norn de plume "Paw Paw," and the little collection is issued with the title " The Native Companion." Like Thatcher, he aims at Sroviding amusement for the camp fire and the iggers; but many of the local "hits" will be enjoyed equally bf those who have aooess to the amusements of city life. The author has travelled over all the colonies, and his inspira tion has been drawn from life on the diggings, the sugar plantation, and the cattle station. But subjeots suoh as the " National party," the "landracket," the cost of litigation, and even the attempt of Mr. Powers at law reform, do not escape hia sarcasms. The " songs" lay no claim to literary merit; but, like those of Thatcher, the rhyme and rhythm are perfect. The "Native Companion" is sure to find a place in the tent of the digger and the hut of the bnshman all over the colony. \- Arrangements are being made by the Rail way Department to open the Central Station foi Iraffipbn Monday, 19th instant. Mr. H. N. Burro wes has been appointed gold warden and gold commissioner at Barketown, m th# room of Mr. J. F. Smales. Mr. Burrowec has! been gold warden at St. Lawrence Bine« 1886. Applications for permits have already been received under the Totalisator Restriction Aot, the royal assent to which was announced on Wednesday in both Houses. The applicants are the Breakfast Creek Spor to Ground Company and the MackayTurf Club. The 8.1.5. N. Company's R.M.S. Jumma which left on Tuesday afternoon for London, via ports, took about 100 tons of machinery and mining plant for Singapore for the Mala) Peninsula Gold Mining Syndicate. Th« Queensland National Bank also shipped £100,000 in sovereigns by this vessel. The following matters among others have been approved by the Executive Council :— John Maher to be assistant district registrar at Mount Morgan in the room of Senior-constable Barry, transferred ; Eulo to be a place where liquor may bo sold wholosalo. The resignation of F. Johnson of his appointment as a justice of the peace to be accepted. A correspondent informs us that during the twenty-four.hours ending at 8 a.m. on Sunday l'Bsin. rain fell at Veresdale. A rather severe accident ooourred close to Mr. Walker's planta tion on Saturday afternoon. Two men were riding along the road, when both their horses slipped on a culvert, and one of the men (Parker) had his leg broken. An attempt was made to convey Parker to the Brisbane Hospital the same evening, but owing to the wet weather this could not be done, and the persona bringing him had to put up at Everdell's Hotel, Woodhfll, until Monday morning, when he was brought in by train. A correspondent telegraphs from Nerang as follows:—Nerang on Satutday last was the scene of unusual activity and excitement, oc casioned by the ever-memorable bridge ques tion, which has assumed another phase, inas much as a poll by ballot of ratepayers of No. 1 subdivision was taken, in accordance with a resolution passed by the Nerang Divi sional Board. The poll was to decide whether the boundaries of Nob. 1 and 2 subdivision! should be so altered as to place the responsi bility of the maintenance of the proposed low level bridge and approaches thereto on, No. 1 subdivision. The result of the poll wrfi ninety five against taking over the responsibility, and Bixty-one for, the majority against the altera tion of boundaries thus being thirty-four. The defeat is regarded as a decisive one for those who advocated a low-level bridge at Ferry street, and a convincing proof that a large majority of ratepayers are against the bridge being erected there. In our Adelaide telegrams it is stated thai "at a meeting of the agricultural bureau the secretary said that he had written to the various colonies asking if the Governments would co-operate with the South Australian Government in bringing out an expert on fruit packing. A favourable reply wai received from Mr. Gillies, but the Queensland Department of Agrioulture replied to the effect that the Queensland Government had taken no action in the matter." The Under Secretary for Agrioulture informs us that the latter statement regarding the Queensland Government is incorrect. The reply sent by him to Adelaide was 4b the effect that the Queensland Government had taken no action up to the present relative to the engage ment of an expert, but a communication had been received from the Agent* General from the National Fruit-growers' League offering to send out an expert to report and lecture on fruit paolring and horticultural matters generally, provided this Government would pay the expenses connected with the trip. The terms and the nature of the services proposed to be rendered being considered rather vague and indefinite, he (the Undei Secretary) had written to the Agent-General for further information as to the status of the league, the terms and conditions, and the services to be rendered. Among other matters he had made special inquiry as to whether the expert would be able to deal with the question of packing tropical fruits, such as bananas, pineapples, &0., for export. Brigade-Surgeon Thomson on the Ist instant at the School of Arts delivered a lecture, the tenth of his present series, entitled, " Insensibility1, suspended animation, and treatment of tv« apparentlydrowned." The lecturer in the course of his remarks described the manner in which persons rendered insensible from the effects of partial drowning, narootio poisoning, shook, or other causes might be most effectively treated. Sunstroke, whioh he said might be very severe or very slight, was due to exposure to great heat and was acoelerated by great physical exertion. The person so affected should be at once taken to a shady place and if possible ice should be placed at his head and nnaer his armpits, but if this could not be done a watet can should be procured and a plentiful supply of water poured on him until the temperature of his skin was reduced. There were some persons very much opposed to stimulants being applied in cases of sunstroke; but he (the leoturer) had on one oooasion seen a patient very successfully treated by that means. It was difficult to draw any hard and fast rules on the subject. In oases of narcotic poisoning emetics should be applied as soon as possible, and every endeavour should be made to keep the patient awake. If he fell asleep he waa lost. The attendance was very large and the lecture was listened to with much attention. 