€ r u m b 0 . Oval. Close. Theatre. Crioket. Steeplechase Day. < Miss Janet Achurcb, Lord Falmouth dead. Summary on Monday. < " The New Magdalen.' 7 Sbam fighton Monday. Captain Tolmer, K.T.S, No Jourivil on Monday. Barrier strike recovering. Rotunda concert at 8 p.m. Public holiday on Monday. Prince of Wales born, 184L Norwood v. South Adelaide. Adelaide v. North Adelaide. Block 14, week's run, 12,166 oz. See advertisement Druids Gala. Barometer at noon to-day,129*70. Belalie Lodge inmates fumigated. Twenty-first Sunday after Trinity. Broken Hill, week's run, 153,762 oz. The great Forth Bridge open for traffic Grandest procession ever seen in Adelaide^ London County Council started borrowing. Help wanted for the Summerhayes family. The year's emigration ahead of immigration. PrinoesB Alexander of Battenborg reported dead. Emperor William left Constantinople for home. Druids' procession on Monday will be worth seeing. No mounted infantry for Monday's proceedings. American Democrats gaining In State eleotions. Part of Dr. Peters' German expeditionary force safe. Brisbane baby-farmer remanded on charge of murder. Fourteen entries for competition in Druids procession. It was not a varicella cam; it was a vary serious one. British import and erport returns show a big inorease. Church of England sending missionary to New Guinea. The troubles and victory of Mercy Merriokthis evening. Old VBteran Tolmer worked a point on th Horse Guards. A Pieott 'diary Baid to be in the hands of his late friends. London wbarf men now demand to be pal for dinner-honr. Lord Mayor's Day. Every Cockney knows what that means. Not even the "Crumbs" to comfort picnickers on Monday. Don't forget Druids gala Monday. Purchase ticket at once. Boxing match for £1,000 on Monday- Jackson and Smith. Excellent birdseye view of the city prepared 4 by Mr. A. C. Cooke. Vacanoies in the University Senate to be filled on November 27. Lawyers got only £450 oufeof that Londo Strike Fund. Too bad. Russia is said annually to consume tea to the extent of £25,000,000. One-half of tbe world must sweat and groantbat the other may dream. A new lease of life seems to have been-- granted to Captain Tolmer. More Irish sensationalism preparing for next session of Parliament. Paris Exhibition olosed yesterday—over half a million people present. Board of Conciliation to be appointed by London Chamber of Commerce. Twenty-five million persons paid for admission to the Paris Exhibition. Happy Valley water scheme examined on Friday by a Parliamentary party. Australian ballot system adopted in Massachusetts, and with marked suooess. Tickets for Druids' Gala participate in gifts if purchased before 9.30 to-night. The Speaker did not vote on the Agent- General's Bill. Right again, Johnnie. Snn rose at 4.53 a.m.; sets at 6.35 p.m.. Moon set at 5.49 a.m,; rises at 8.8 p.m. An old and experienced labour agent sees no difficulty as to the snpply of harvesters. Rev. Father Kavanagh died on November 7 off Kangaroo Island, and was bnried at sea. Semaphore Baptist ptcnio to Torrens Island knocked in the head through smallpox. Ship County of Carnavon believed to hava> been wrecked near North Cape, New Zea. land. To possess that Portuguese order for 5ff years without wearing it does not suggest vanity. General Seoretary of Y.M.C.A. In the office daily from 10 to 10, No eight hours for him. Speaker Bray says his name was wrongly included in the division list on the Agent- General BilL Quotation for November 9:— To thee no star be dark! Beth heaven and earth 'Friend thee for ever.—Skakspeare. Dook Strike Committee had a glorious time of it. Bands £900, cabs £800, pickets, banners, and delegates £1,550, tailors £350, blacklegs £950. The Iberia was delayed at Port Said by loading some 600 tons of fruit for the Ana* tralian and New Zealand markets. And thi is a protected fruit growing country. That brobdignagian disturber of tbe peace of Europe, yolept Napoleon Buonaparte, waa made first Consul November 9, 1799. H.R.H. Albert Edward, Prince of Wales was born November 9, 1811. Oar loy&H; Crumbman hopes that hi* (the Prince's future reigo may ba Atispicaods as that 6 his dew mamma. If diamonds were always under our feet we should soon cease picking them np; and if the prizes of life were to be had for the asking, the time wonld soon some when they would be no longer asked for. One of the Kensington and Norwood old Councillors sang " God Save the Queen" at Arley Hall, the birthplace of Colonel Egerton-Warburton, on Juna 20, 1834, the. day Her Majesty was crowned,! Quotation for November 10 Still seems it atrange that thou shonld'st live for ever. Is it less shange that thou shoulA'st live at all? This is a miracle, and tbat no m«re. —Edward. Young- Wealth does not necessarily faronr longlife. In Professor Humphrey's " Report on Aged Persons," containing an aooount of 824 individuals of both sexes, and between the ages of 80 and 100, it is stated that 48 per cent, were poor, 42 per oent. were in comfortable circumstances, and only 10 per cent, were desoribed as being in affluent circunv ttanoss. England's first Henry, snraamed on • account of his learning, "Beauclerk," waa united in the holy bands of wedlock to his first beloved spouse Mand, the beautiful (all Princesses are beautiful, you know; excuse this digression), daughter of Malcolm, King of Scotland, on- the eleventh day of the eleventh month of the year 1100. How nios to be the daughter and the wife of a King, One fine cloudless night, November 11, 1572, that Danish Astronomer, Tyoho Brahe, observed a periodic star in the constellation Casnopea. It attained a splendour equal to that of Venus, and after remaining visible for two years it drew a veil over its beautiful face, whioh has never since been withdrawn. Tell DS, ye astute Btar-gazers, ye wise men of the East, who measure spaces that are "ghostly with infinitude," in what century will this Cassiopean star reappear 1 Tell us, or blush for your dense ignoranoe, and hid» "your diminished rays?" Quotation for November U :— He either fears his fate too much, Or bis deserts are small. Who dares not put it to the touch To gain or lose it alL —Marquis of Montrose. It was on November 11,1400, that Timour,. the Tartarian warrior, sacked Aleppo, then the capital of the MamalukeB, now the capital of a Pashalic of the same name. Y on know it was during his onslaught upon the inhabitants of the province of Candahar that Timour was wonnded in the thigh, and that wonnd in the thigh orippled him for life, and being crippled for life he went lame, and being lame he was oalled "Timur-lenk" which is by interpretation " lame Timour;" but those meddling and muddling Europeans corrupted this into "Tamerlane." Very stupid, wasn't it? 