' OBITUARY. Á CANADIAN STATESMAN.-Tho recent death of Mr. Pope, the Minister of Railways and Canals ot Canada, lias removed a notable figuro from Canadian polities. Mr. Pepe was a farmer, and possessed one of the finest herds of cuttle in the Province of Quebec. He was Minister of Agricul- ture from 1S71 to 1S7-A, and from 187» to 1SS5, in which year ho was transferred to tho department which ho administered until tho timo of his death. Mr. Pope took a keen interest in immigra- tion matters ; and it was owing to his initiative that the tenant- farmer delegates visited Canada ia 1880-81, and made their roports on the suitableness of the country for settlement. Tho pamphlet containing these reports at- tracted considerable attention in agricultural circles. It was largely owing to Mr. Popo's endeavors, also, that tho cattle export trade of Canada assumed its present dimensions. That tho flocks and herds of tho country remained freo from tho contagious diseases which havo so long prevailed in tho United States, is largely due to his practical knowledge and watchful caro. Mr. Pope, who was connected with Canadian politics for over thirty years, Avas looked upon as a shrowd politician and ablo administrator. A KINO OF 'CELLISTS.-The musical world has sustained a heavy loss through tho death in St. Petersburg of tho violoncello virtuoso, Davidoff. Herr Davidoff, who was sometimes called " The King of 'Cellists," excelled both as an execu- tant and as a composer for his instrument. For somo years ho had beon director of tho St. Petersburg Conservatoire, a post which ho filled with great success. Ho left behind hiin a " Vio- loncello School," of great merit, though unfor- tunately unfinished, and a Stradivarius violon- cello, which is almost unique in quality of tono. A DANISH ASTRONOMER.-Tho death is announced of Wilhelm Ernst Templo, ono of tho most distinguished of contemporary astrono- mers. Ho was born in Lusatia in December, 1821, and after completing his education, bogan his astronomical labors in Denmark. In 1859 ho removed to Venico, where ho discovered tho only comet of that year on April 2. In 1860 ho pro- ceeded to Marseilles, where ho discovered five small planets and several comets. Ho latterly took up his abode in Milan, and was for some time assistant to Professor Schiaparolli at tho Brera Observatory, whore ho discovered various comets. GENEUA.II PATTERSON.-By tho demise of Lieutenant-General W. T. Laird Patterson re- cently, at the age of 69 years, another of tho few remaining old typical Scottish officers has disap- peared. Entering tho army on February 22, 1839, General Patterson received his first commis- sion as an ensign in tho 91st Argyll Highlanders, now tho 1st Battalion of tho Argyll and Suther- land Highlanders. With his regirnj^y he"'pro-1 ceeded to South'Africa, whercj h"6 wafl "employed in suppressing the Kaffir rising of 1846-47. On the conclusion bf hostilities there he was awarded a medal and clasp. Promotion to the rank of Colonel was earned on November 12,1865 ; and Colonel Patterson subsequently became Major General on October 1, 1877, retiring from tho army after forty-two years' service with the rank of Honorary Lieutenant-General of July 1,1881. PROFESSOR WRIGHT.-Tho death is announced of Dr. William Wright, Professor of Arabic in tho University of Cambridge. Professor Wright was born in Bengal January 17, 1830, and was educated in tho University of St. Andrews, Fifo (Scotland), and the University of Hallo. He was appointed Professor of Arabic in University College, London, in 1855, and in the University of Cambridge in 1870. AN ITALIAN DRAMATIST.-The recent death of Paolo Ferrari deprives Italy of her most dis- tinguished dramatist. An accusation was made at the time of the production of tho "Silver King " to the effoct that tho plot of that play was borrowed from Ferrari's " H Suicidia." In both pieces the hero passes for dead, and allows him- self so to be considered, with a view to tho retrieval of a lost position. In. spite of their great success in Italy, not ono of Ferrari's plays seems to havo made its way to any foreign stago ; and the best pf them aro too full of Italian characterisation and of Italian peculiarities of dialect to be duly appreciated beyond the Italian frontiers. DEATH OF A SCOTTISH PROFESSOR.-Professor Smeaton, of Edinburgh, died in his residence on Sunday, April l l, at the age of 75 years. He was connected in his early days with M'Cheyne and others of that school-a school, by the way, which by no means despised learning, and was diligent in the study of tho Scriptures. Smeaton was an assiduous reader, and was appointed Professor in tho Free Church College of Aberdeen. There he was very popular, and had great influence for good. Ho edited for some time the BRITISH AND FOREIGN EVANGELICAL REVIEW. He was trans- ferred to Edinburgh, where he was much valued. He was a man of considerable erudition and much amiableness, although a somewhat fierce and bitter controversialist, and a resolute Con- servative in every sense of the word. His works on tho Atonement and tho Holy Spirit have valuo. MISCELLANEOUS.-The following recent deaths aro announced : Dowager-Lady Monteagle (age 90). an early promoter of the higher education oi women, widow of the first Lord Monteagle (before Iiis elevation to tho peerage, Mr. Spring Rice, who filled various offices in successive Whig Ministries, among them that of Chancellor of the Exchequer), and daughter of the late John Mar- shall, the head of a great flax-spinning concern in Leeds. John Benjamin Lee (80) c respected lay officer of the Church oi England, who had held the position of legal secretary under two successive primates, and tc eighteen or twenty prelates, among them three sticcessivo Bishops of London; William B. Ran- ken (70), a well-known philanthropist, fouudei and hon. secretary of the Society for the Assist- ance of Discharged Prisoners, and chairman o'. the Newport Market Refuge and Industria' School; James Annand (44), a native of Aber deenshire (Scotland), who constructed the firsi i railway in Japan, and after returning hom< established tlio firm of Annand and Company, iron merchants. Tho Kev. "Walter Clark, M.A., head master of Derby School. Ho was educated hi Shrewsbury and Coventry school*, being captain of the latter, was elected a scholar of Magdalen College, Cambridge, taking his U.A. in second-class classical tripos in I860 ; ordained two years later by tho Bishop of Man- chester ; and was classical master at Lancaster School till his appointment to Derby. The latter school prospered greatly under his rule. George ÂVraggo, for many years a leading chemist and druggist of Collins-street East, aged 64. Ile arrived in Melbourne in 1852, was elected presi- dent of the Pharmaceutical Society of Victoria in 18G2, and was Mayor of Melbourne in 1864. 