Loss of tbe Ifcuiaark ? » GALLANT RESCTTE BY THE MISSOURI. The. gallant conduct recently displayed by the captain of the steamship Missouri in rescuing, in mid-ocean, -nearly 900 ship wrecked people who had escaoed from the lisabled steamer Danmark, has churned the admiration of the whole world. The circumstances of the mitjhap to the Dan aoark, the great risks that, were faced pX. imminent peril, anu the self-sacrifice of the crew of the rescuing vesBfL are well toU in anexfacactfrom -a letJer reoeWei' by Messers. f\ illi«nm Torrey, and Field, agents of the Atlantic Transport Line,r from the «fiyiti of the Missouri : — April 20\. 1883— Off St. Michael's, Azores— D«ir sir — I h*g tv- inform jy-u of our arrival dtsra her*1, snd doubtless you bare been much astonished at it, but not more vexed than I am. On tbe 5th of April, 1-20 p.m. we sighted a steamer flying dis tress signals. We bore down and found it was the Danish steamer Danmark, of Copenhagen, from Copenhagen to Ken York, with her shaft broken.' Her captain had on board 665 passengers and 69 crew, lie asked uie to take them, but I told him t- would tow him, but could not take the passengers, to which they assented, and al though it was blowing hard and heavy sea on we succeeded in getting a tow rope ott board, and.turned tbe vessel round to west ward, holding on all night to ber, and mak ing about one and a half knots against a strong head wind and sea. Several times [tfcougbtl should have to slip her, but ni&naged; to hold on. At daylight I decided to square away for the Azores, so I signalled to him, and the captain agreed. I squared a ways at 7.20 a.m , the wind and sea moder ating. The captain .signalled that the vessel was making water, there being 3 feet in the after hold. At 9-20 he sig nalled that the leak was gaining and he most abandon the ship, so I bad had to cut the the tow rope and go down to him. The chief officer came on board and told me that the water had gained C inches in an hour, and the weather being finer tbe cij.taiu had decided to abandon her, and asked me would I take them. ' Of course I could do nothing else, so I lowered my boats down, and with his seven boats tbe work commenced, and such a sight I shall never forget. To see the poor souls— women and children— coming np was piti able. At 11, the first boat-load came, all the women and children first, in perfect or der, and afterwards the men, until we succeeded ia reai-uing the whole 733 souls without a single accident, although * Acre was a heavy swell which made it dangerous for the boats to come alongside. We managed to get some flour 'and biscuits and meat and tea. The weather was thick with rain and coming on dirty, and the glass was falling. All hands were on board at 4-30, the captain being the last man to leave. I went over the provisions, and found I had about three and a half days' food. I de cided to come to these islands, which I hare done, and hope to land the passengers to-morrow. The first night I bad to throw overboard the rags in the alley ways, and the weather coming on so bad I had to make some room for them, so I decided to throw the bales of wool over from No. 1 hatch to make enough room to put some down there. This was done, and -we stow ed away nearly 300 men. We then brought up our sailn, awnings, and tarpaulins which we spread around for them. We covered the batches on the cattle deck up, but the water continued to smother every thing and although every one on board did their best I never saw such a sight as the daylight showed us. At noon I had to heave for six boors until the wind moderate, and since then we have had fine weather. We have been feeding 53 pas sengers an the cabin and 19 in the messroom. There were 28 cabin paB eengers, the rest being immigrants. X wish to put before you the ««pi-«l mminpr in which all r=y crew worked— officers, chief engineer, and mate— in fact it would not be fair to pick one or the other. But I really never saw a more willing and hardworking lot of officers in my life. If you get this before my arrival at Phila delphia- please cable Messrs. Peter Wright and Sons that £ have these people, and ask them to make arrangements with the Thingealla passenger agent to forward all these people on to New York. I trust everything I |iave done wjpl meet with your approbation in this dreadful time. I ar rived at 9.30.a.tn, and they had had tbe last meal afc.S.30, which was pretty close. The latitude aud longitude of abandon ment was lat. 462 6' N. 39 W. April C,4, 30 p.m. — Yours respectfully H. Mcbskll. The Atlantic Transport line, tbe owners of the Missouri, have notified to the cargo consignees that they are released from all contributions arising from the jettisoning of part of the cargo t» make room for the Danmark's passengers. They have alos notified Captain Murrell of their approval of bis conduct. 