Technical Teaching in Agri culture. A Paper read by the Hon. Nicholas Brown, Sl.E;C, at a meeting of the Southern Tasmanian Agricultural arid Pastoral Association at the Town Hall, Hobart, June 12,1889. ?- .. . , .... The authorship of this paper must be re garded as. divided between Mr H. C. Kincs null, Teacher of Mathematics and Applied Mechanics in the Technical School, Hobart, and myself. . ? ?? .' I propose to give some account of what has been done elsewhere in the way of pro viding technical teaching in agriculture, to offer some suggestions as to what is re quired in Tasmania in this direction-, and to show how what is required may be pro vided at a comparatively small expense at the commencement of the undertaking, and until the success of the experiment may justify further expenditures In dealing with the latter portion of the subject I shall avail myself to some extent of suggestions made by Mr Kingsmill in a communication with which he favored me just at the time that I had determined to seek an oppor tunity to bring the matter before this meeting as a preliminary step to asking for the necessary Legislation' and assistance from Parliament. - \- When! I was. about : to commence my enquiries, I opportunely received from Jlr Michael Murphy,, the secretary of the Canterbury Agricultural Society in New' Zealand, the report of a Commission ap pointed to enquire into the wording of the School of ; Agriculture, established at^Un-. colnrnear Christchurbh,:ih Canterbury/ and:: to .moke ^recommendations regarding, the' future' good 'government 'of the institution. A brief summary of this report will, porhaps, be. useful in showing us what we should, endeavor to avoid in our.flrst .efforts to1 establish an agricultural school in;Tas mania. ' i ?. . .. ?».,:,': .,,..-'.? ,,. ? 'The 'endowment of 'the school' was pro vided for so fur back as the j'ear 1872, when 100,000 acres of purely pastoral land, in one or more blocks, within the province of Canterbury, was reserved as an endow mont for a 'School of Agriculture.^ ? The land so reserved was afterwards ..conveyed to the Canterbury Collogei-to bo held by the; College in trust for the purposes de clared in the Crown grants of tho ^reserves. In 1877 and 1878, the Board of Governors of tho College purchased 662 acres ,of laud at a cost of £17,711, or an average o£ over £26 per acre, the cost of this land being defrayed out of the, proceeds of .tho sale of 40,000 acres of the 100,000 acres; re sorved as an endowment. Forthwith a mixture of tUo accounts of the Canter bury College aud thoso of the School of Agriculture began,, and', it was , a part of the duties of the Commission re; ferrod to, to unravol-. these accounts! Without going into details 'which would bo usolesB for our present purpose, it may be briefly stated that while the College ap pears to have profited largely. by£the use of the endowment, the funds of the School of Agriculture suffered proportionately; Apart from what seenis to have been an improper appropriation of the proceeds of the endowment in adding to the build-r ings of the College, the charges 'made annually against the School of Agriculture by the College for tho sorvices'of its teach ing staff were, in^ the opinion of the Commission, out of all proportion -to' -the services rendered. 'The result was' 'that oil 31st December, 1888, an examination of the accounts for the; previous 10 years showed a debit balance against the farm of £5824. This result would probably not be regarded as so objectionable if indirect advantages had been obtained 'by securing a flourishing state of tho school. But the condition of the school was the reverse of flourishing. In 1882 the number of students having increased fronvlO to 38,,the;'build-. ings were extended on a very costly and pretentious scale, the whole of -the .build ings i iw i they now! stand ' having-cost the enormous sum of £34,000.. The fees, which were at lirst £4U per annum, were raised in 1884 to £45, and the attendance fell to 36. In 1885 the fees were further raisod to £65 per annum, and the attendance next year fell off to 20.' At; the' end of -? 1888, the number of students had' fallen to -1G. ~ The foregoing facts appear unmistakeably to point to the conclusion, which has been so often learned with regard to other under takings, that a School of Agriculture nur tured in the lap of luxury and started-with. a lavish endowment; , is foredoomed -to failure.;, ;The thrift' and careful'. manage/; meat, which are often regarded as. tho dis agreeable .accompaniments of restricted meahsi'are frequently found to be much more conducive to ultimate success than a rich endowment, which for a time appears to render economy unnecessary..! Turning' to Victoria, we find the most, recent authentic: information on the sub ject contained in the 'Eeport of 'the Council of Agricultural Education for the ye&rs; 1884 to 1887;' lam indebted, to the Chief Secretary of Victoria, the Hon. Alfred Deakin, for a copy of this interesting docu ment. Summarising as briefly as possible the information thus rendered available, it appears, as might have been expected, that our wealthy neighbors have made a liberal endowment 'of land for the purpose of promoting agricultural .education;. But it was only so recently 'as the year 1884 that any organised and effective effort was made to provide what was required in this direc tion. In the Agricultural Colleges Act of that year provision was made for the establishment of a Council of Agricultural Education, consisting of 11 members, three of whom are the trustees for Agricultural College lands,' appointed under the pro visions of the Land' Act, 1884 (which secured the reservation of 150,000 acres of land for the purpose.s of agricultural edu cation), one, the Secretary for Agriculture, ex offlcio,tvro members appointed by the Go vernor-in-Council,and five members elected by agricultural societies. The amount ;'of revenue at present derived from the 122,570 acres already reserved amounts to £5033 per annum ; 27,430 acres have yet to be: re served. The first Agricultural College under the Act referred to was established at Dookie, a valuable property containing 4846 acres of land, for the most part only of fair grazing charactej, but with a moderate quantity of good agricultural soil. College buildings and outbuildings were erected at a cost of £2973, and arrangements were made as soon as possible for the appoint ment of an\ efficient farm manager, . On this point I wish to call particular atten tion to one remark made in the report, because it has an. important, bearing ,uppn what; must be kept clearly in mind* -in initiating agricultural' teaching in ' Tas mania. The report says : — ' It is a matter of record in the history of Agricultural Colleges that the office . of .teacher - of practical agriculture is the most difficult to provide for satisfactorily.' ' ,????.. Passing over the qualification fixed for admission of students, which was simply that they should be '14 years of age, and the arrangements made for their admission in the order' of receipt of applications, we find that the Council decided that a fee of £25 per aunum should be charged for main tenance only, the teaching being given gratuitously. No student is allowed to remain in the College for more than three years. ' In three years,' the report states, ' a lad may, by ordinary attention and study, make himself proficient in practical agriculture, and sufficient of the sciences kindred thereto to fit him hereafter for the profession of agriculture.' With regard to the ' organisation of the Victorian system, it need only be added that it has been found advisable to amend the original Act of .1884, so as to provide that the five elective members of the Council sliall hold office for three. years instead of one year, and that they shall be elected, not as originally provided by the governing bodies of the agricultural secietiesi but by the members of societies subscribing not less than 10s per annum to the funds of any society. From the regu lations providing for the election of these five members by,a system of ballot carried on through the Post Office, some useful hints may be derived for our own guidance ?when the time comes for their' considera- tion. But this is a matter of detail that need not be discussed now. ,«The*following are some' thoughts on the question^of i technical instruction in.agri ',dulture.witli.which.I.have been favored by Mr H. C. Kingsmill, as stated at tho com mencement of this paper : — ?Thero(is little need of argumentto showj the benefit of instruction in agriculture.' That Jan agricultural sohool ,is wanted in Tasmania may be taken' for granted, inas much as waste of labor, capital, and land could be prevented by proper training, both of farmers and farm laborers, Further, by such a school the producing power, of the country could bo greatly in creased, and a career on the land opened to many young men who are now crowding into the'towns owing' to a dread of the diffi culties of farming with 'which they have never been taught to grapple. Many parents, also, who could provide their sons with capital to/ mako, a. start in farming would be glad to send them to a place where they could be trained- for It In support of the above ideas may be instanced the appreciation of the agricultural schools whicu have been started in New Zealand and Victoria. ? -.' ??. ,., . . ', ? Candidates for the school in Victoria are so far in excess of the present accommoda tion;; thatitis contemplated increasiug;the accommodation four-fold; Besides in England, schools have recently beonopened to train young men for colonial life, [which ,are: attracting a large- number of students', a leading* part of the course being ? the theory and practice of agricul ture.1 ' : ' ? '? ' ' ? - ? ' Granted that adequate funds and com petent teachers were provided,,the idea of training for colonial life in the colonies could;hardly fail to commend itselfs'' , ?' . If such a schoollwere established' here,' and information .circulated about it. ..in \Engldnd, it. might be anticipated that there would be many applications for admission. Information could be. given/and applica tions received at the Agent-General'sSoffice; There are numerous instances of young men being sent out to learn under private individuals, and -even paying large pre miums' to gain colonial, experience. In many of these cases the experience has beendearly bought. -An1 agricultural col lege could; proyide',;b'etter- for :such cases, and moreover, it- would give an. opening to a desirable, class of immigrants, to settle on the land after first learning the conditions of profitable farming. * »':-.;'n '' \ -?..''? ; However, we need not look so far as Bng land.there is a. local' demand' for instruc tion in agriculture, if it is thoroughly prac tical. ..And. there is ope very important condition necessary to its being practical. The 'men'engdged in' the work 'of r teaching must'havelocal knowledge an'dexperience. The ' experiment has often been tried of sending to the other side of the world for a man to conduct a' business requiring local knowledge.' Great confidence is placed in ?him-at -first,- but before long- he astonishes men by his -mistakes.' His experience is gained at the expense -of the country; by the time he has acquired it and is, capable, of being really useful, people41aye-.-losfc.all faitlK-iu him arid.^cry out for' some one to take his place. ??.' ?- ?'?:.'.? i. '?'?/'- t The' farm attached to our Agricultural School should be made to pay part of its expenses through the labor .of the students. But the object should not be' go much to make the farm itself pay, 'as fcoJ make it a means of teaching everything. , Also,- ex periments should be made there for 'the benefit of the country. There must oe some expenae.-cliiefly at the, outset, but no outlay on education will 'give' a better return. The effect of such schools in Denmark may be cited asan example. Formerly the produce of that country brought a low price in the English market, on account of its inferior quality. Now; the case is altered, Danish produce commands the highest price ; and it is said that there is an increase of over two millions sterling in the annual value of exported produce. This change was mainly brought about by the exertions of (the King and others in terested in the welfare of. their country; the King especially worked hnrcl to estab lish systematic instruction in everything connected with agriculture. The resulting gain to Denmark. is very great. The question - before us is : How are we to do the same thing here, and what will it cost to do it ? A moderate amount would probably suffice if we take advantage of the followine circumstances : — There ' is a Government -farm at' New Town, which for some time past hns brought in a large profit, under Air Hard ing's skilful management. Why not place the.studentsiunder him- for his practical instruction ? ' ; ' '. ' i ?''.-. . ? ? . Some - addition should be made to- his salary for the additional trouble.- This would cost far less than engaging a special instructor. Mr Harding possesses an amount of local experience which would render his services more valuable than those of a stranger to 'the country! The Government farm is not sufficiently exten sive to give scope for the labor of a number of students! but there is reason to believe that additional 'land can be.-leased close: enough to the Government farm .to en'able: Mr Harding to look after both. .Then there is, the staff of the Technical-^.' School in Hobart witliinreacli of New^Town. ' The classes at 'the Technical School are now attended by students from New Town. At these classes they could receive instruction' in book-keeping, general' and agricultural chemistry,- plan drawing, and measurement7 of land. Nearly all the additional teaching they; would require could be given by a single resident master, who should under take the boarding, discipline, arrangement -. of work, and communication with parents' and guardians. In this way, by taking advantage of two existing institutions, the Government farm- under Mr Harding, arid the Technical School in Hobart under the present staff, an Agricultural School might, be formed with comparatively little ex pense. ? : There are details of all sorts to be con sidered, respecting which valuable infor mation can be obtained from practical men here, and from the Agricultural Schools in the other colonies. The principal points for consideration atipresent are :— 1 . , 1\. Is an Agricultural School wanted ? . 2\. Can it be started- with a fair prospect of success on the lines indicated above ? ? 3. 'Will the country approve of the neces sary snpport being given J ? . ? Should these: questions be answered in the affirmative there is nothing to. prevent the design from being corned into im mediate execution.' So far Mr Kincsniill; with whose opinions . on this subject I believe' mosfof us' will agree generally, and whom I thank for. the assistance he; has'given me./' ??(??? \\-\i 1 'With W view'to afford' a basis ' for dia I^S^tCq^T^; 6an begone in the 'way 'op' Su^* n the immediate vicfniRX /emedT theGovernntent.aa suireestnrl SS-m {?? y mill, appear; .to be, 'Eeut fri' ar aX to demand in an establishment of t he H contemplated a.sef of.' mbdel' bu ldinL^ mother words buildings of a kind tiS required for. the present. It would in mv opinion, be a fatal mistake to accustom the students to the use of buildings much mora luxurious in their appointments ad ar rangoments than.thoae which they will find themselves compelled, to use when the v m into .busmess, as,, farmers on their oln account.- .Every practical man knows hoT m the matter of providing farm building the wits are sharpened by the necessUv for .adapting .the expenditure to the means : available,- ? and yhpw.;. a ? lavish expen diture upon elaborate .farm buildings has often served,' no other purpose than to show the -folly of ? tffi who have erected them. I trust that in .this matter I shall not be misunderstood I not only do not despise modern improve ments, but on-the contrary, I regard the Study and striving after improvements in arrangements of farm buildings as an essen 'la,l. Part of the education of a farmer. But ,1 desire to see these' improvements' carried' out in each individual '.case with. 'a?' due regard to the materials aud means available. It is withm the knowledge of many of those engaged m rural pursuits in Tasmania, that youths, have been taken. as /'cadets' to 'Jearn- farming,', as the 'phrase goes, on estates where the profuse expenditure of wealthy proprietors has provided elaborate ?barns, shearing sheds, and' other farm buildings, and such'1 cadets'-' have not been always benefited by these' surroundings On the contrary,- the. -habit- of . finding everything provided for ''on. the most liberal, scale has really in most cases disqualified the - young men for adapt ing themselves to the more econo mical methods and appliances with whiih, as beginners on their own account, they have had to- endeavor -.to; content them Belves. -'By all-mearis'let everything that is necessary :for the proper accommodation .and protection of stock and, crops and for the preservation of order and. neatness be provided but let everything entailing un necessary ornamentation and expense be avoided. THE LODBING OP THE STUDENTS. In this matter it would appear to be -very desirableto preserve as much as-possible of the characteristics of home, lite, injpre ference to the. sort of, ?.!! barrack' .. arrangeV merits that must be adopted if the students are all to be accommodated in one building on the farm. Would it not be possible to obtain from responsible heads of families in the immediate vicinity of the farms, offers to board and lodge two or three students, who would be treated as members of their families, and for whose discipline within the hours during which, they are under their charge for boarding arid lodging only, they would consent to be held responsi ble?1 Of , course, ? under such' a system as this, those having charge of the students out of working hours would have' to conform to such regulations as might be found necessary for providing for sufficient accommodation and food, and for ensuring regularity in early rising and taking of meals. But judging from the results of enquiries made it does not seem improbable. that some families might be found who would be willing to contract to provide the necessary accommodation and supervision for a moderate charge for each student. The charge would, of course, haye to be paid by, the parents or guar dians of the students, the instruction on the farm being given gratuitously, as in Vic toria. The giving of such instruction gratuitously snoum not-, nowever, unuer uroper management, result in much, if any loss to the State, The profits of the farm should provide for the cost of instruction and supervision. As to the cost of board nnd lodging, it may be well to mention here that, while. , the fee charged at the' Dookie farm' in Victoiia, is, as before stated, £25 per annum; the principal- of- 'that institution; reports that '.'last year- the cost of each student, including . food, attendance, and - washing was £22 18s 3id. Without 'stating any ' specific amount; ris. the probable charge in Tasmania, bySprivate families ^^..sug gested, it may. at: all events^ be' taken for granted that if it were made'a part of the arrangement that;families lodging students could obtain household requisities/such as milk, butter, bacon, etc,' at ^ the farm at wholesale prices, the cost of each student should be very much' under the usual 'charge for board a'nd lodging. The advan tages of such' a system of lodging .the students, if it could be successfully carried out- in practise, ', are . so. -obvious that they' need not \be dwelt: upon' at any length. 'What most parents anxiously desire to secure for their sons when .they go out from the parental home for the first time is a healthy moral atmosphere, and this .is at least much more likely to be obtained in the mode of .lodging suggested than by the aggregation of ? students in a special, building,- even under the best and most conscientious supervision. The system would have the further great recommenda tion of rendei ing unnecessary any expendi ture on more or less costly buildings, and the accompanying expense' of superin tendence. the -wobk and instruction of the .-, ;;?;. , students. .',''.- It. would appear hardly possible to im prove upon ( the arrangements made in respect to these at the Dookie Agricultural Farm. The practice is, thus stated in the report, to which reference has already boon made . — 'Students are equally divided, into two classes, and one-half of them forming one class are indoors one . day .attending classes and lectures ; the other half: are out on the farm for the day performing every kind of practical work, from cleaning out a^pigstyo to ploughing,.. driving the reaper and' binder, and making the wines and oils in their seasons; and the work has been done ^ well and willingly by' them, : This ? giving up a ?whole; day to either indoor, or outdoor, work enabled undivided attention to' be given'1 for the whole day, to either. work, and is a decided improvemerit'bn breaking the day for both in and but work.' ' . .\\\\. ' ;';' '[' : The' practical instruction should embrace all'kinds of work ori the farm, the use of farm implements 'and machinery; and the feeding and management of stock. ' ''- The: theoretical teaching should include. 1.; Chemistry in its relation to soils and plant life. ; ?' ?'' . 2\. The latest theories relating to manage ment of fOTm stock, including veterinary medicine and surgery. 3\. Botany. '? ; ' 4.: Entomology. ' ' : 5. Geology. ' : , '?6.' Bookkeeping and commercial corres pondence! arid the purchase and sale of stock and produce. . 7.' Mathematics. ' '- ?'??.?? -u' ' ! 8. ;Land surveying and levelling, measure ment of land, and plotting and plan draw-, ing. : -'.',;i '' .' '!i'' ' ? ' 9\. The use of water for irrigation. 10\. Natural philosophy, and applied mechanics, including the construction and management of steam engines, and of water power appliances. , It may be doubted, perhaps, whether under the, system suggested for adoption at New Town the necessary indoor instruction could all be supplied by the existing staff; of the Hobart Technical School.' But discussion on this point may be postponed for the present. '? -..,... ? THE OONTOOL OP THE 'BSTA11LISH5IBHT. ' It would appear very desirable that the control should be vested in a Board of Agricultural Education formed on lines somewhat similar to those adopted in 'Victoria. ' Such. ' a board might be .composed 'of the Deputy Surveyor General, as ' permantly' representing the Executive Government, and whose, know ledge' of ;' land surveying, .levelling, and draughting and general acquaintance with the land and land laws of the colony would be very useful to , the. board, two members to be'.nbminated by the' Governor-in-Coim-, oil,' and' at least three .members to ,be elected. ; by, th'a .members of agricultural ... societies' ini; the '.'colony. .'.X}ie bQQrd should' be. invested '? with ^authority to 'act as, trustees, of farm- lands' and personal pro-, perty, and to. control the expenditure , or all funds that may. be available , for promoting the object , for which the bpard. -^ill be. established, The chief objection that may be made to this proposal will probably be; as to the, cost of defraying the expenses of members attending: periodical meetings. This, however,: cannot be regarded ,as a very serious objection ; and , moreover, it is contended, as 'has been stated, that under proper, and efficient management the 'land cultivated:should pay more than the-whole of the ordinary i current .working expenses, exclusive, of course, of the cost of boarding and- lodging;.. the students, which it is ? believediwill.be. gladly paid by the parents and guardians.' iButisuch efficient. manage- ment '. cannot ibe. secured:, without; a very : careful selection of the farm manager. A thorough knowledge of practical farming is not i nil that ?: will be ?? required. There muBt also be 'sufficient firmness,' kindness, and tact for the1 successful management of the ' boys, :as!well as of the paid labourers, of 'the: farm. v; WhileT quite agreeiwitb' the opinion expressed' by! Mri Kingsmillj that as:far. as:New Town is iconcerned, the position 'of ; form ? . manager ' could not be beter. filled than1 by the present manager, of the ? Government ; Fariri, ; yet, for a reason that will appear hereafter, I would recom mends the adoption, of the principle of making a part of ? the. salary of the farm manager, to depend upon' the results of his management, that is to say, that a portion of his. salary should consist of a percentage, say, 6' to 7 per cent of the nett yearly profits of the farm, the farm to be debited only- with actual ? working expenses, ; and not with the cost of indoor instructions of the students. .! ? ?. . ? ,.????:? ?,.; ' '''?''' 'CONCLUSION.' There are, many other matters in connec tion '/with this interesting and important subject to which' one is tempted. ;to refer; But this paper has already extended to a length not originally contemplated. I desire to say, in, conclusion, that one great advantage of, the system. outlined. in the fore-going: suggestions,. is ..that if it is adopted the\work of agricultural education need not be confined to the locality of New Town. For its extension' it would neither be/necessary to buy land 'nor to erect very costly buildings. , Anywhere neara ? centre, of population, , in' the North, say .'at. Long ford, and further westw'ard^nt Latrobe, the. Government orithe board, duly authorised by Act of Parliament, might at very small risk of loss rent a suitable farm for. a term of., years, the students being lodged with families , in the neighborhood. The, prin- cipal; outlay then required, would be only the expense of stocking anfl putting fences and .buildings '.in suitable order, and the erection of an inexpensive building to serve the double purpose of a clnsi-. room' and a lecture - room. After that an efficient farm manager, wilh the inducement. before refHrred .'to of a percent age on the profits' of tho' farm, and the advantage of the gratuitous labour of the students, should be able to make the farm pay something more than- rent and all ordinary expenses, provided only a fair rent were agreed to be paid for it. There, would be this further advantage in having two or more of such institutions estab lished, — a healthy rivalry would soon be setup between them, and the emulation, both as to the progress made by the students and as to the profits obtained from the year's operations on the farm, would be advantageous to all concerned. Moreover they would have an educa tional value, not only for the stu dents themselves, but for many adult farmers in the neighborhood, who could not fail to be benefited by what ought to be an example of careful, sys tematic, arid profitable cultivation ; as well as.by the opportunities that would doubt less oe afforded to them of attending even ing lectures in the lecture-room. The necessary supervision would be obtained by tie Board holding their periodical meetings in rotation at the different farms, as well as by the' casual and unannounced visits of individual members of the Board. The capital expenditure required must, of course, depend upon the extent of land taken up. ' I think we may assume that if the Govern ment Farm at, New Town, with its stock and plant; were. vested in the Board, a sum of £700 would provide.th'e first year's rent of ' additional' landj for the stocking' arid riecesEary alterations of buildings, and for : puttiiig in the first year's crop, .both on the . Government farm and on the land to be rented in the neighbourhood;, t-If-we allow £1000 each for the : same, purpose for two similar establishments in :? '.the ' North; ' .we have an expenditure of £2,700, whicfrwould probably be found sufficient ' for all ' ordi-' nary requirements'until returns are received from the farms;' ; Adding, £500' as 'the probable cost of the, first year's indoor instruction, would bring the total sum required for the first year, for. three farms,' up to £3,200. But even if the expenditure' should somewhat exceed this, I say without hesitation that, provided efficient adminis tration can be secured, no similar amount' expended for public purposes will be so certainly and so largely reproductive in both direct and indirect : benefits to the country. ' ' My present purpose in thus referring to the possible extension of the system will be attained, if in any legislation on the subject that is submitted to Parliament the necessary power for extension is provided, Confining our attention at present, as perhaps would be most prudent, to the initiation of the system at New Town, I trust it will be admitted that enough has been said.to show that the scheme is a feasible one, and that it can be started at : a moderate expense. To make provision, for the more ambitious, and more effective arrangements of the future, Parliament should be strongly urged to authorise the reservation, wherever settlement is extend ing or is likely to extend, of blocks of land of 400 or 500 acres, up to a total of say 6000 acres, as a permanent endowment for agricultural teaching. ? Let us hope that a deep interest in the question having now been aroused, this Society, by its great and deserved influence will be able to help largely to secure, during the approaching session,, the legislation , arid the funds necessary for making a com mencement of this important undertaking. We will hope also, nay, we may confidently expect, that Members of. the Legislature, however much they may differ upon other matters, will give their united assis tance in the good work. Tasmania should no longer bear the reproach of: lagging behind in the path of progress in, ..this direction, but should at least endeavour to, emulate the. sister colonies and older coiitries in their efforts to provide necessary iustructibn for the youths who are destined' to practice the ancient and honorable craft : of cultivating the land. , . ... . 