TOLTOM -.IN PARVO. Stanley is safe. English mail due to-day. Gold discovered at Ben Lomond. Scottsdale show lost Wednesday. Broken Hill shares are firm at £300. Great fun at the 'real nigger show.' Weather excessively hot all the week. More attempts at incendiarism at Broken Hill. Estimated population of Tasmania 146,149. Typhoid is becoming prevalent in Hobart. Mr A. J. Easther, of Back Creek, has oats 7ft high. Mount Zeehan vote passed by the Assembly. Four cases of drowning in the Tamar this week. Anniversary of ' Bobbie' Burns birthday yesterday. Tho statistics of the colony for 1887 have .been issued. New Baptist Tabernacle opened at Hobatt last Sunday. Oats have been grown 8ft high in the Huon district. Imperial Palace at Pekin has been des troyed by tire. Leading lights are to be erected at the River Mersey. Tasmanian silver stocks are steadily in creasing in value. Several snakes have been killed at Knocklof ty lately. . Last year in Tasmania there were only four bankruptcies. The French Government is having four new ironclads built. Gilded shillings are circulating as sove reigns in Melbourne. The drowning of Reardon and Miss Trigg is involved in mystery. At Melbourne, on Tuesday, 58 cases of typhoid w«ue reported. Mr JfimfiR Grnv. M.B.jL for Sorell. difid on Monday last, aged .68. Henry Jiirrell killed at Mount Nicholas coal mine on Wednesday. Famine in China is said to be more dis tressing than that of 1878. The proposed lawendmente to the Assess ment Act, 1887, are absurd. Thermometer 127 degrees in the shade in Brisbane one day laefc week. The accused in the O'Meara assault case have been committed Cor trial. O'Connor and Teemer will probably leave America for Australia in March. C'ollingwood State School closed owing to the prevalence of typhoid fever. . The Payne Family entertainments iii the country have ' caught on' well. Hon. T. Reibey had a narrow escape from serious accident on Monday last. Sir Henry Loch and family are going on a visit to England for six months. ? Lilly white and Shaw's recent cricket and 'ootball teams were a financial loss. Band concert in the Depot last Sunday night in aid of charity realised £18 53. Alain Line Railway employes' annual picnic on February 16, at Undisferne. Artificial limbs are usually made of willow wood on accouut of its lightness. Mr A. Mansfield, of Swamp road, Frank lin, has oats 7ft 6in high and full of ear. The Pope has threatened all followers of Father M'Glynn with excommunication. The discovery of gold at Ben Lomond has turned out to be exceedingly good. Northern M.P.'s opposed the vote for the Mount Zeelmn railway. How is this thus ? Norman's Navigator won the homing race from Ross to Launceston last Satur day. The telephone to bo erectod from Eddy stone Light-house to Gladstone will cost £450. The death rate of Tasmania for the past year was the lowest since 1870— 14-12 per 1000. There is likely to be trouble between tho United States and France over the Panama Canal. Philip Wirth, charged with abducting his niece, has been acquitted in Mel bourne. N. Z. Shipping Co's boats will in future bring direct cargo from England to Hobart. Mr J. L. Smith, of Cambock, Evandale, has resigned his commission as a coroner. Fires are 5 per cent, more numerous in London on Saturday than on any other day in the week. Mdme. Hess, of Paris, has refused an offer of 5000f. (about £20) for her hair, which is fully 6ft long. Customs duties for the year 1888 : ? Launceston, £161,406 9s 8d ; Hobart, £140,394 0s 8d. Messrs S. Scott and J. Mulvaney's residence at Glenorchy were destroyed by fire last Sunday. Mr Frank Henty, son of the late Mr Thomas Henty, died at Kew (Vic), on Jan uary 16, aged 74. The Marquis of Hartington has become a ' paper man.' He has purchased the Man nhester Examiner. .. A man has been known to stay for five minutes in' an oven in which the temper ature was 380deg. Dr. Mason kept a jury at Longford wait ing for two hours the other day. He said he could'nt help it. The New Town (Hobart) Brick and Pot tery Works will resume operations on a large scale shortly. The condor of the Andes flies higher than any other bird, sometimes attaining an altitude of six miles. Post and telegraph offices will be opened at Franklin as soon as possible. The buildings are finished. lima de Murska has comitted suicids. She had been in a starving condition for some time previously. The smallest coin in the world is the Chinese' cash,' which is equal in value to tho sixth of a farthing. The lode at Ben Lomond is said to be from 4ft to 12ft wide, and some of tho stone assayed 30oz to the ton 1 A woman attempted suicide at Inveresk last Sunday by taking sulphate of zinc. She is still alive and well. The Panama Canal Company invite the public to subscribe 30,000,000 francs' (£1,200,000) by February 2. The Hicks Sawyer Minstrels are equal to the ' Original Georgies' who visited the colonies about nine years ago. The dredge Agnew raised 250 tons of silt in five hours from the outer bar of the Mersey River one day last week. Considerable excitement prevails in France in connection with the Seine elec tions for the Chamber of Deputies. Another fire in a newspaper office. The Melbourne Daily Telegraph was consider ably damaged by fire on January 16. At Wanganui, the other day, a much tried parent took out a warrant against his son for stealing fruit from his orchard. The sitting of the Supreme Court at Launceston, set down for Regatta Day, has been postponed to the following day. The Melbourne potato market has col lapsed. Potatoes that were £14 per ton a week ago cannot be cleared at half that price now. The statement is now made that it is not Princess Helena, but Princess Louise of Lome who Jcontemplates becoming a. Roman Catholic. The Zalinski gun which is charged with dynamite instead of gunpowder was tried in the United States on Monday last and was a partial failure. James G. BJaine has been invited by the President-elect, General Harrison, to take the chief place in his Cabinet, Blaine has accepted the invitation. It is calculated that the telegraph wires of the earth are sufficient in combined length to make four telegraphic lines between it and the moon. Two rams and twelve ewes, from the famous Leutewitz flocks in Germany, ar rived last week to the order of the lion F. W. Grubb, Bengeo station. An old Victorian Colonist named Thomas O'Connel, residing in Sandhurst, died on Thursday evening, at the age of 102 years. He leaves a wife 105 years of age. The construction of the north-eastern wing of the Victorian Parliament House is to be proceeded with at once. Probable cost between £80,000 and £100,000. The charge to Scottsdale by rail on Wed nesday last was 12s 6d first return ! About 30 miles. It was about 7s 6d too much, especially as it was an excursion train. A woman in New York who had been beaten by her husband, finding him fast asleep, sewed him up in the bedclothes, and in that situation thrashed him soundly. ' The Victorian loan of £3,000,000 has been subscribed for twice over. What about Victoria's position now ? Would a similar loan for New South Wales result similarly ? If a man would keep both integrity and independence free from temptation, let him keep out of debt. Dr. Franklin said : 'It is hard for an empty bag to stand upright.' The richest woman in the world, Dona Isadore Cousino, of Chili, is going to New York city; and.it is intimated that 'if she like the place she may buy it.' . ' '??' . A French chemist, M. Willot, says that the phylloxera are killed by a solution of common salt, even though they are capable of resisting morphine, strychnine, curare, ?'etc.1.. .. ?? ? ? ...'': ?? ?' ' '-??' ? ? -; ?..-?-' \- Sir Henry Parkes ? says- that he1 wil}. .never hold, office if he is to; be kicked, ? and cuffed ' about by persons who know neither him nor the objects that he has in view. Mr Speight, chairman of the Victorian Railway Commission, left Melbourne on January 11 for England in the R.M.S. Massilia, on six months' leave of ab sense. At a meeting of the Melbourne Trades Hall Council on January 11, the half yearly balance-sheet was submitted, showing a balance of assets over liabilities of £38,000. A Brisbane telegram received last week said : The difficulty of carrying wire nett ing, owing to the drought, is causing delay in the erection of the rabbit fence along the border. A Chinese orchestra recently played one of Haydn's symphonies in the Shanghai College, under the direction of a native priest, and accomplished their task most creditably. The box containing 1000 sovereigns which was lost overboard alongside the R.M.S. Alameda several weeks ago was recovered on Tuesday by a diver named Robert Dhu. Peter C. Campbell, jeweller, of Brooklyn, U.S.A., has invented a controllable air ship, In an experiment at Cony Island, New York, on December 8, it was obedient in all its movements. The total amount of gold coinage and bullion issued from Sydney Mint 5o the end of 1888 was £61,128,817. The new silver coinage amounted to £338,8C0, and bronze to £31,000. A Mrs Turnell was seized with a fit while attending the services in the Independent Church, Collins-street, Melbourne, on Sun day night. She died on being removed from the building. A number of English-made tramway cars have been returned to London from Parifl, as the municipality of that city -will not allow cars made in England to be run on the Parisian line. The water supply in Central Australia has been favorably reported on by the South Australian Government geologist, who has just returned from a three months' tour in that locality. , A successful trial was made on tie 11th instant, at the working dairy in the Melbourne Exhibition, of a new butter roller and weigher, the invention of J. Jakin, of New Zealand. Mr A. H. Bray, secretary of the United Grand Masonic Lodge of New South Wales, has received official advice of the formal recognition of the lodge by the United Grand Lodge of England. From six-eights to seven-eights of the entire manufacturing capital af the United States, or 6000 millions of dollars (£120,000,000 sterling), is directly jr indi rectly based upon patents. Zola's next book will be quite different from any of his previous works. ' I am developing the history of a crime,'he said, 'and hope to produce somethirg with powerful dramatic interest.' George Mulholland, the N.S.W. light weight, fought a terrific battle with Billy Mahon, at San Francisco, for the clampion ship of the Pacific Coast. The figit lasted 89 rounds, and was then drawn. ' Dr. Boulton, of Adelaide, the originator of the Australian Medical C'ongnss, wao last Monday week presented with a silver inkstand and purse of sovereign! by the ? medical men of South Australia. Moses is mentioned in the Jible 793 times ; he is called the ' servant olGod ' 19 ? times, ' the name of God ' twee, ' the chosen of God ' once, and he wen: up into ? the mountain seven times to meetGod. Prospectus issued of Y.M.C.A. Company for the purpose of building suitable prem- ? ises for gymnasium, reading roons, concert rooms, ball-rooms, etc., for y-ung men. ? Capital £5000 in 5000 shares of £1 each. The thimble was originally/ called a thumb bell by the English becau/e worn on i the thumb, then a. thumble, andjftnally its present name. It was a Dutch (invention, . and was first brought to England in 1695. The Wanganui Herald commenced the year badly. It had to apologise to its subscribers for its late delivery, owing to the 'whole of the reading mutter' being knocked into ' pie,' and hiving to be re set, j A giant locomotive is being constructed in Boston. It has two cabs-| one over the boiler for the engineer, and! the other in the usual place for the fireman. The driving wheels are of pgper, with steel tires. A report upon the question of immi gration to tho United States has been sub mitted. Among other things it provides for the levying of. a contribution of 5 dollars upon every foreigner landing in the country. ' The New Zealand Government have de cided on a new line of attion in regard to the import of stoats and weasels, and in tends to offer a bonus of 20s for each stoat, and 10s for each weasel Unded in good con dition in the Colony. | The New South 'Wales Government has applied to the Government of South Aus tralia to allow Mr Thow, locomotive engi neer, to report upon various matters con nected with the plant in the locomotive workshops in Sydney. Mr Bateman leaves for England shortly to float a company with a capital of £1,000,000, to develop the coal deposit on land recently ceded by Parliament to the EastCoast Harbor and Coal Mining Com pany. Excellent samples have been ob tained. According to Professor Ewing, earth quake movement is not a shock at all, but a ' wobbling ' of the ground in all directions. A movement of the earth ljin is the greatest yet recorded by the instruments in Japan,, while the movements are usually measured only in hundredths of an inch. A Danish officer, Captain Holstein, has in ventod a portable bullet-proof shiold for two soldiers. It m-y be easily carried and fixed, and the men can then coolly blaze away from behind, either with rifles or a machine gmij without being picked off by anything less penetrative than a cannon bull. A regulation has been adopted in the Michigan State Prison, by which, hereafter, convicts may earn the right to wear plain grey suits instead of the prison stripes. Men who obey the prison rules for six raontliB may discard the stripes, but if after that period they become unruly again they must once more don the objectionable clothing. The celestials firmly believe that if three boys are born in a triplet they must be at once beheaded, according to Chinese law, as a prophecy exists'that one of a triplet of boys will ''be the future destroyer and invader of the. empire. Girls don't count, muchto the relief of the wife of, a certain mandarin who has lately given birth to three baby daughters. 