suM]Sd-.A:Rir I'OK INTRODUCTION. ' Politically speaking tho chronicles of the month oro mostly " small beer and euekling little fools prematurely bom." But one measure must be excepted ; honourable members of the Lower .House having decided that their payment for 'services rendered Bhall no longer be based upon a fluctuating scale contingent upon actual at- tendance to duty, but attain the dignity of a fixed salary of £300 per annum. The measure is a good one. It will not affect the conscien- tious workers of ' the Assembly, while it will weaken the attendance of tho two-guinea pigs per sitting who now think it their nightly duty to make their ineffective plaint against things in general. An Eight Hours Bill has been stifled for tho obvious reason that if extended to its thooro 'tical boundary, society would become disor- ganised, and that evil of the age, Mary Jane, would be intensified hy the necessity of having .three relays within the twenty-four hours of daily domestio servitude A Civil Service Bill continues to drag its weary length along. The leading features of the measure were sufficiently explained in last month's summary. Both sides of the House recogniso the necessity of roform, and the only vestige of warmth which has been displayed in discussion lay in a contention as to whether superannuation or compulsory life insurance formed tho better provision for old servants. The advocates of tho former havo so far carried their point and the bill is hardly likely to undergo many changes from the form in whioh it was introduced. The feature of tho month was tho Financial Statement hy Mr. Pattison. It ox hibits a reduction of the deficit, a diminution 'of expenditure, and a determination to rely upon the present tariff coupled with increased (land sales for future needs. It also shows that for the past few months tho rato of inoreaso shown on the imposition of tho now tariff has not been maintained and that a rigid economy ,will havo to bo exercised in the spond îng departments. The balance of the ,£10,000,000 loan available is fully pledged for publio works already sanctioned by 'Parliament and a new loan issue lies within ; ¡measurable reach. The debate upon the sugar interest still absorbs each reourring private members' day. Naturally, a Bubject of such vast importance draws out the men most in- terested therein. So far tho result has been confined to speeches of more than tho average ability, with a growing impression upon mem 'hors personally unacquainted with tho subjoot {hat a thoughtful oonsidoration is duo to thoir action in a matter which involves tho greatest agricultural factor in tho colony, and the cou itinued occupation with present crops of . tho fat soiub lands on the north-east »coast. Outside there havo been no popular demonstrations on the subject, whioh is, to say ' tho least, strange, ,looking at the way in t whioh the political powers were moved on tho .olioquer-board, blaok v. white, last election. ( Tho Mines' Regulation Bill has been passed. ~ Tho weathor has boen glorious, spoaking of oourso in a pastoral sense. An unusually mild winter has been experienced, with intor i mittent and hoavy rainfall, and a general ¡well-founded belief exists that the past few (lean years are to bo followed by a cycle of encouraging soasons. "Wool maintains its rates. ' A good lambing and shearing are tolorably assured, while the demand for store stock is extremely brisk. Partial floods havo taken plaoe, but tho losses havo boen insignifi- cant in comparison with the boonB accruing, v-bwns have received a sanitary cleansing they ?Hover got from municipal caro, reservoirs havo "boen replenished, and a check given, by prao tioal illustration of its danger, to a growing practice of selling land in low-lying situations for residential purposes. Tho rain xvas almost but unfortunately not quite general. Croydon, our latest and very promising (quartz field, failod to receivo a share, whioh means its devolopmont is retarded until water falls, or its residents prox'e sufficiently energetio to tap the great store whioh lies at no great distaneo underneath them. With this exception, fortune has bestowed its Bweetest umileB on the gold-producing induBtry. It is idle to say figures oannot Ho, but theso now given do not. The production of gold for the half-year ending 30th Juno was 389,661oz., or no less than 165,741oz. in oxcess of the amount raised for the corresponding period of tho pre- ceding year. Of the total produotion for tho ourreut half-yoar, . 199,8G2oz. aro credited to the Rockhampton district, which virtually ..means tho Mount Morgan mino. Charters . Towers, Gymplo, Croydon, despite ita deficient water supply, more than maintain their average, and tho Etheridgo, with the Palmer and small fields, contributo tho balance. These returns Slaco Queensland at the top of the gob!-pro uoing colonies. Neither New So'uth Wales, ? New Zealand, South Australia, nor that modern *E1 Dorado (Victoria) produce the amount of gold now raisod by Queensland, though (hitherto the latter colony has failed to show tbo immensely wealthy auriferous drifts which have contributed so largely to tho prosperity of Victoria, which leads to tho fact \thot the once famous Palmer goldfield bids ffair- to enjoy a renewal of its alluvial fame. I The alluvial worked thero hitherto includes jnerely the wearing away of such portions of the field as have been denuded by modern wateroourses. At least nine-tenths of the auriferous measures aro covered with a skin of desert sandstone, varying in thiokness from a few to several hundred feet. Chinamen havo for many years in their seorotive way nibbledjat the edges of this hugo natural bullion safo, hut at length Europeans havo tackled it in proper form with most en- couraging: results. This opens up a vast area of country of an indubitably auriferous character, and only affords another proof of the blind chanco which at present dictates a large_ proportion of Queensland mining. Nothing has yet been found worth notice on ? the mainland of New Guinea. Sudest, St. Aignan, and tho bordering islands are reported as well nigh exhausted. The streams of going and returning miners about balance and fever ' formsannnvaryingconoomitanttoboth currents. Of the baser metals little can be said. Somo cheering developments in the shape of silver ore havo drawn attention to the Herberton dis ,trict. The produce of tin remains about Stationary, while as a proof of the copper paralysis one need only look at Mount Perry, where tho drives and shafts are in a state to raise an immense quantity of oro lying ready for stoping out as soon as the market shows signs of profitable absorption. Mount Morgan .continues its monthly dividends, and Taran- ganba, another but a very dissimilar mine in the same district, still maintains its puzzling discrepancy between the darzling reports of experts and the chilling returns of practioal test. Messrs. Mathieson and Johnston, the gentle . men engaged in Great Britain as members of the newly-appointed Railway Board, have arrived, and in conjunction with their local colleague, Mr. Robert Gray, have commenced duty. It is to be hoped it will not be neo?esary for them to come down forthwith upon tha Government and demand a big sum of rooney for rollinsr-stock as the New South Wales Railway Commissioners will probably be forced to do. There a report by an srpert/Mr. Price Williams, CE., affirms that more tbaa a million of money is required to place in 83und oondition the locomotive, carriage, and waggon stock of that colony. Such a demand would be very awkward just now, oven if graduated | to our proportionate Beale of railway expen- diture. His Excellency the Governor of New Guinea, Sir W. Macgregor, is paying a visit to Brisbano. This gentleman is earning golden opinions. He is a modern typo of the greater qualities of Columbus, Pizarro, Cortes, Gordon, and other born leaders of men. Ho can write a lucid despatch ; he can paint the ethno- graphical, botanical, political, and social features of a district, and walk _ unarmed into one of its villages, crowded with cannibals, and arrost a murderer. His latest achievement was the ascent of Mount Owen Stanloy, a vast snow-clad range, flanked by chains of hills only 6lightly inferior in height to itself. Tho explorer found , no gold-explorers rarely do-but the geologic features of the distriot argue its presence. An equally ambitious, as also an able scholar, writer, and bushman has done his devoirs in the same line, having, in conjunction with the Government Botanist, ascended Bellenden Ker, a noted protuberance on the north-east coast of this colony. Mr. Meston, the gentleman alluded to, will without doubt toll the story of the ascent in sufficiently graphio languago. A distinguished visitor, Major- General Ed- wards, has reviewed our local forces and means of defenoe. - Ho ungrudgingly praised the dis- play made by tho oolony, and is now extending a like amonity to the defensivo forces of the Southern oolonies. Perhaps the professional criticism will come hereafter in a less publio form, nnd tone down the conoeit bogolten by compliments. 3Mr. Dillon, after visiting the Central and Northern districts of tho oolony, has returned to Brisbane. His tour has certainly been a successful one in a peouniary sense, and it is to the credit of the colony that, although meetings have been held in many places to protest against his demonstrations, no breach of tho poaco has talton place, and no correspondence has been publiahed to which objection could be fairly takon. The corporation havo distinguished them- selves by accepting a oontract for five years for the coutinuanco of tho present disgusting system of dealing with nightsoil, though a measure denliug with thG subject received the support of both parties in the Assombly and has passed ita third reading in the Counoil. During Eomo recent gales several Bhipwrcoks took place, ono of which, that of the Mailsgate, entailed great Buffering upon the crow. Socially thero is nothing to report, dramati- cally the mouth has vbeon barren. In the musical world Cbarlos Santloy has left an im- pression, but his first performances wero marred by au attempt to mako the publio pay through tho nose, somo speculators having purchased all the tickets and put them up to auction. The sale was fortunately a failure Mr. Santloy ia now North, but will return and give a second series of oonoerts. RAILWAYS. Tho new Railway Commissioners (Messrs. Mathieson, R. J. Gray, and Andrew Johnston) wore gazetted on Saturday, 27th July, and | commenced thoir duties oa tho 29th. Messrs. Mathieson and Johnston, who arrivod in Ade- laide by the s.a. Britannia, travelled overland by rail to Brisbano, whoro thoy arrivod on tho 2Gth July. Mr. Albert Prowett, ohief clerk in the Railway Department, has been appointed secretary to the commissioners, who aro at present busy, among other matters, inquiring into the working [of the department. On Friday aud Saturday last they iuspeotod a portion of the Southern aud Western Railway and the routes of two proposed lines oonneoted therewith, the one being from Dalby to Bunya, and the other what is known ns the Drayton deviation. Heavy floods occurred during the month, and besidos causing considerable incon- venience to tho _ railway traffic slightly damaged the lines hero and títere, but tho damage has been repaired. On the Fortitude Valley extension of the Southern and Western Railway work ia pro- gressing satisfactorily. The excavation of No. 2 tunnel has been completed, and a gang of men has beon employed trimming the founda- tion of the permanent way. The last length of arching of this tunnel was closed in on the 6th instant, thus completing the tunnel lining throughout. The air shaft at Wharf street has been completed. At the retaining wall betweon the Creek- street bridge and the west face of tunnel No. 2, 240 cubic yards of cement concrete aud 33 cubic yards of hand packing have been put in during the month. The wall on the south side is now completed. The centring of Creek-street bridge has been removed and the west parapet and coping com- pleted. The excavation for the foundations of the Fortitude Valley goods-shed has been taken out and the footings of concrete are almost finished. The timber work ia prepared ready for erection, and a large number of bricks are on the ground. The temporary buildinga at the now Central | Station, Ann-street, and tho other works con- nected therowith, are fast approaching com- pletion, and the commissioners havo notified that this station will bo opon for publio traolo on and after Monday, the 19 th instant. This will bo a great boon to the travelling publio of this city, as the now station is only a stone's throw from tho. centre of Queen-street. Duringtho consideration in Parliamont of tho plans for the extension of the South Coast Rail- ways to Molbourno-stroet, the opinion was fre- quently expressed that the line should bo carried across the river and conneoted with tho oontral I terminus in Ann-street. Thoso views found support in both Houses of Parliament and among both political parties, and it was more than hinted by Ministers that stops would ho at once taken to test tho practicability of the scheme. Tho Railway Survey Department aro now engaged on the work of preparing Par- liamentary plans. Tho route selected is by a Uno crosuing the river at the extremitios of Montague and Hersohol streets, and join- ing tho Fortitude Valley oxtonsion of the Southern ' and Western Railway at the western end of the _ tunnel undor Albert street, with a fork lino for goods purposes diverging at Roma-street and terminating at the eastern end of the Roma-street station. The bridgo required to cross the river between Montague and Herschel streets is 710ft. long, and it will consist of three spans of 200ft. each, and ono span of 110ft., supported on cylinder piers and concrete abutments. Mel- bourne, Peel, Groy, Montague, and Stanley streets, in South Brisbane, and North Quay, George, and Roma streets, in North Brisbano, will bo crossod by bridges having steel girders with trough decking rest- ing on concrete piers and abutments. On the Cleveland line tho formation of banks and cuttings to receive tho permanent way has advanced to eighteen and a-half miles. The heavy rains caused somo of the banks to settle considerably, and numerous small slips occurred in the cuttings, but only ono was of any con- siderable dimensions. The bridges and flood openings aro all in a very forward state. On the permanent way linking-in has reached 17 miles C3 chains, lifting -and beater- packing 17 miles 30 chains, and the boxing up of the road to IG miles 75 chains. This work is advancing rapidly, and the linking-in should reach Cleveland station yard by the end of this week. Station works and level crossings have been kept well up with tho plate-laying. The average number of men employed on tho work has been 246, and twenty-three horses. It is expected that the line will be ready for traffic very shortly. On the North Coast line, sections 2 and 3, the work of clearing is progressing rapidly. The felled timber on the line of railway is now nearly all burnt off. An additional 558 dangerous trees have been felled on section 3. Two hundred and sixty-three chains of No. 1 fencing, and 347 chains of posts for No. 3 fencing, have been erected during the month. The total length now erected is about 6} miles of No. 1 and 31J miles of posts of No. 3 fencipg. The total quantity of excavation taken out during the same period was 80.G72 cubic yards. On section. No. 2 all the cuttings except one havo been commenced and thirty-six of them are finished. On section No. 3 twenty seven ara finished and seventy- six in progress. One mile and three-quarters of aide-ditching has been cut during tho month. On section No. 2 278 chains of surfaoe forming has been done. A start has been made at tunnel No. 1. All the gates for the pnblio level crossings on both sections hare been made, but the ironwork is not fixed on them, although most of it is on the ground. All tho box-draina aro in on sootion 2 except ten. On section 3 thirty-five box draina aud twenty-nine pipe drains havo been put in. Tlio oulverts on section 2 have boen finished with the exception of floating. On section 3 two onlverts aro fiDiahod and two in progress. Twenty-eight .bridges aro now in progress. Twelve of these on section 2 are roady for tho rails. Tho quantity of material on tho ground for the permauent way is now 11,705 cubic yarda of ballast and 11,900 sleepers, all of this being on section ' 2 except about 500 Bloopers. Ono thousand men and 300 horses are employed on tho various works. The work connected with the extension of the Maryborough wharf ia being pushed on rapidly. The first sootion of tho railway from Mungarr to Gayndah was opened for traffic on the 20th July. HARBOURS AND RIVERS. A short time ago. tho Cockatoo Shoal was dredged so as to facilitate trafilo on tho Upper Brisbane. During tho recent floods this channel was blocked probably by a largo snag in tho contre. A punt is also 6uuk at this spot, and the owners of punts, and 'steamers employed in the coal trade aro now applyiug to the Govern- ment to have the obstruction romoved. Tho banka of tho rivor n short distance above this shoal have falleu in at several plaoes and carried trees into the rivor BO as to interfere with tlio navigation. The surveying ketoh Genotta was completely wrecked at Mooloolah during the recont very rough wentber, and Mr. li. A. Cullen, marino Burveyor, and bia party, who were about to mako somo eurvoys in tho Marooohio River, wero compelled to return to Brisbane. Tho drodge Bremer and one of tho barges wero also drivon ashore nour the mouth of Cabbago-troo Creek, but woro got safely off again. The work of dredging tho mouth of this creek has now been rosuraod. Dredging operations aro progressing satisfactorily at the Horseshoo cutting at tho mouth ot tho Mary River, a oonsidorablo distunoo having now been dredged. On the Fitzioy Rivor dredging ia at present at a standstill, owing to tho di edge Saurian having boon sent to Brisbano, whore sho ia being ovorhaulod iu the dook. She will be »ont back ns soon as possible. At Towns- ville the concreto parapet of tho Eastern Break- water will bo completed in a fow days, mid arrangements can then bo mado for completing the surfaoo of tho roadway and con- tinuing the Ross Island Railway down to tho wharf. Drodgiug is now being oarried on in sido this breakwater BO as to onablo coasting steamers to Ho undor bheltor whilo discharging cargo and landing passengers. This part is to bo dredged so na to give a depth of J 5ft. bolow low water. Preparations for starting tho swinging basin opposite tho wharf in Ros8 Creek aro now almost oomplotod, nnd it ia expected thnt operationa will bo commoncod two or throo wooka henee. Reporta from Thursday Island show that tho jotty works thora are proceeding satisfactorily. The contractors for the stonowork havo almost oomplotod their contract, and tho timber woik is also well forward. Tho dredging of tho bar at Norman River, 200ft. wido and so as to givo a depth of 12ft. at low wator, ÍB being pushed on. Moro than half the work has beon oom- plotod, and it is expected tho remnindor will bo finished in about ton months if the woathor ia favourable Mr. Jardine, deputy enginoer for harboura and rivora, ia at present on a visit of inspection of tho works in tho Northorn part of tho oolony but is ox. pected back in Brisbane iu about a week. ' The Enginoor for Harbours and Rivers (Mr. W. D. Nisbet) recently tendered his resigna- tion to the Govornmont owing to urgent privato businoss oompelling him to return to England. Mr. Nisbot found it necessary to rosign his position owing to the fact that ho required to bo absent from tho oolony for at least two or throo voars. Tho Govornmont havo accepted his resignation with regret, and, in consideration of his long and valuablo services, have deoidod to grant him twolvo months' leavo of absence on full pay, suoh leave to dato from tho 1st Ootober next. At the expiration of bia loavo ho will retiro from Um publio Borvioo. ' ' ' ' ' - ' PUBLIC WORKS. Tendora havo boon aooeptod for a strong- room at the court-house, Warwiok ; drain pipes to publio buildings, Rockhampton ; polico station at Mellum Crook ; post and tolograpk oflico, Bundaberg, and peat and telegraph, Cunnamulla ; Stato Behool for girls and infants, at Bundaberg South. Tenders aro being invited for quarters for sub-inspeotor of polioo ut Mackay ; quarters for sergeant of polioo at Caima ; a boatman's cottage, Dungcnose ; Solico station at Beaudesert ; court-houso, ¡ beaudesert ; addition to post-offico at Cloncurry ; operating-room at Rockhampton hospital; Burgeon's quarters at tho Townsville Hospital. The contractor for the now wing of tho Parliamentary Buildings has oommonood opora tions, being at present engngod on tho founda- tions and baso. Tho now publio otilóos aro praotioally oompletod, and it ÍB oxpeclod that tho various departments will bo suitably fur nishod and ready for oooupation in about a wook or two. Tho now Custom-houso is also faBt approaching completion. PlanB aro being prepared for quarters for tho sergeant of polioo at Thargomindah ; lockup and oourt-houso at South Brisbano ; lookup at Fortitudo Valloy ; additions to tho oourt-houso, Thargomindah ; additions to tho hospital, Barcaldino ; polioo stables at Pittsworth, Emerald, and Goondi- windi ; polico Btation at Texas ; and additions to the hospital at Bundaberg. ,,.,>, PASTORAL AND AGRICULTURAL. ' It is pleasing to havo to state that the pros- pects of all ongaged in pastoral and agri- cultural occupations are brighter than they havo beon for two or throe years back. Tho shoepowner has tho satisfaction of noting a rise in tho price of wool, and tho sugar planter in that of sugar ; and so far as oan at present bo oonjeoturod thero is overy likelihood that for sometime to oomo thoso higher pricoB will rulo. The cereal farmer, too, has the prospect of a largo yield from his fields, but unfortunately it generally happens when this is tho case that ho obtains a proportionately low prioo for his pro- duce. Chmatio conditions have boen favourable to tho pastoralist all through tho month, and still aro so. Rain fell continuously for three days during the middle days of July, and thoso rains entended over tho wholo of tho coastal and tho Southern and Central interior diätrictB. Tho avorago fall was probably from 3in. to oin., though on somo portions of tho coast it was heavier, and south of Maryborough nearly 20in. were recorded. These rams havo done much good by refilling all dams and waterholes, and thus insuring an ample supply of water for spring requirements. Also they have revivified the grass, which had previously to some extent become dry and brown, as is usual in winter. Now there is a green tinge everywhere apparent, and much new growth of herbs and tho shorter grasses. Shearing has commenced on the Western sta- tions-indeed it may bo said to bo in full swing. It was anticipated that some troublo would havo arisen between tho shearers and theïr employers, owing to the now widespread organisation among the shearers which has led to the formation of the Australian Shearers' Union, but so far no serious disputes havo arisen, both men and masters showing modera- tion in their conditions. The clip is expected to be a fair one as to quantity, but it is too soon to be ablo. to judge of its quality. The lambing season commenoes now ; it is expected to be a favourable one, and likely to add considerably to the number of sheep in the colony. Stock aro everywhere in good con- dition, and already larger droves are on their way to the markets of the Southern colonies, for an equally favourable season beincr ex- perienced over the whole of New South Wales, Victoria, and South Australia, there is an unusually active demand for store stock of fattening ages. A counter movement of breed- ing ewes and pure-bred rams to re-stock Queensland runs also prevails, for owing to the patt disastrous seasons many runs are now understocked. At Barcaldine, the terminus of the Central Railway, residents are stirring themselves to see if it is not passible to establish a depot there for tho purpose of slaughtering stock, then chilling and storing the meat fresh, and afterwards forwarding it by rail to Rockhamp* ton in refrigerating cars ; just indeed as is now successfully dono between Bourke and Sydney, New South Wales. The Lake's Creek meat preserving wprks at Rockhampton aro now in lull work, and havo already shipped a large cargo of frozen meat to Europe Thoso works are complete in avery particular pertaining to meat-preserving in all its branches, und aro noted for tho excellence of their output. For the sugar planters tho seaton has also beon a favourable one. The frequent rains (whioh commenced in tho 6uirar-growinfr districts early in February) and tho mild genial weather that has almobt without excep- tion since prevailed, has caused a good growth of cane. Even in the southern distriots of tho Mary and the Burnott rivers no damago has this winter boen done to tho cane by frosts. Crushing has oommenoed on tho Northern plantations, and soon will bo general. So far, tho density of the cane juico has not been high, nor ÍB it likely to be so until settled finewoather prevails. The high price of sugar is en- couraging tho plantera to do their utmost, and experts 'estimate this season's output, provided too wet a spring does not occur, at fully 45,000 tons. For the cereal farmer there has hoon too much rain, many of the fields being now in too sodden a state for tho healthy growth of tho crop. All crops aro showing1 an extraordinary luxuriance of growth, being as forward now as, during an averago season, thoy aro in tho month of Septenibor. Somo oonsidorablo anxiety, howex'or, is felt that this extra luxurianoo may rosult in a groat development of the rust fungus so soon as tho hot close thnndorv weather of tho spring months _ sets in. Tho travelling' dairy, an institution of tho Agricultural Department, has visited mnny of tho dairying distriots in tho Sonthorn distriots of the colony, and has ovorywhoro boen woll received and thoroughly appreciated. It is uudcr tho suporintondonoo of Mr. Baron Jones, who, at every stopping plaoe, touches a number of pupils gratis in tho art of butter and cheero making by moans of modoru appliances. So groat, indood, has boon tho success of this institution, and so oxoollout its odnoational effects, that the Government havo determined to obtain a sooond plant, and soud it, also under a compotont instructor, to travel among tho Central districts. Tho Minister for Lands has also stated in the Assombly that tho depart- ment purpoBO to instruct settlors by somo suoh Bohomo of itinerating experts in the work of pork and bacon curing. Also, it is in ooutomplntion to instruct by similar methods fruit-grotvors in tho ait of fruit-drying aud preserving. A motion by Mr. Groom in tho Legislativo Assomhly, to thoolloot . that agrioultural cottages bo established, ono in enoh of tho threo climntio zonoH of tho oolony, did not moot with the approval of tho Govern- ment, nor of tho Houso, but drow from tho Minister for Lands tho statement that tho Government would not objoot to allotting somo 200,000 acres of land for tho purposo of endow- ment for agricultural oduoatiou, and Mr. Groom having altorod his motion to that efleot, it was assented to by tho Assomhly. The season has beon and is eminently favou- rable for gardouing, and a considerable impetus has boen consequently givon in this dircotion, so that noxt year's statistics will pro- bably Bhow an inoroasod aroa uudor gardens and orchards. Mr. Robert Wal- lace, Professor of Agrioulturo and Rural Economy at the University of Edin- burgh, has lately hoon visiting tho Australian colonies, with a fviow to making himself acquainted with agriculture aB horo carriod on ; but his stay iniQudonsland was of too brief a duration to allow'him to form a corroot 'opinion on tho subjoot, or to enablo agriculturists to tako advantago of his counsel. MONETARY AND COMMERCIAL, -. Thoro is a brisk demand for monoy. Bank rates aro for discounts up to ninoty- flvo days 8 per cent, ovor ninoty-flvo days ii per cont. Drafts, buying at sixty days } per cent ; soiling at Bixty days J por "cent. Interest on fixod doposits is,-for three, six, and twoh'o months roBpootivoly, 3, 4, and 5 por cont. Tho rates of intorost oharged on mortgago of rail estate aro from G to.8 per cent, but tho minimum figure may only- ho quoted whero tho BO ourity is first-olass oity pioperty, and tho genoral oiroumstnnoos favourable. In making ndvancos on mortgago londors insist upon a very wide margin of soourity, so as to próvido againBt tho risk of ovor-valuution. in tho share market business has shown sonioimprovo mout. Tho roport of tho Queensland National Bank for tho half-year endod 30 th Juuo was adopted at a meeting held on tho 20th July. The not profits of the bank for tho half-year woro £72,083 17s. Cd., which, with tho halauco from tho previous half-yoar, £11,251 10s. lid., mado up n total of £83,837 8s. Od.; less amount of taW ' ' on note circulation, £4783 Us.' lld.^otal, £79,053 Ga. 7d.; premium ou shares," £101,183 10a.; total, £180,573 Gs. 7d. ' Tho recommendation of the ' directora was that tho sum Bhould bo appropriated thus :-To dividend at tho rato of 12 pot cent por annum, £48,000 ; to Roscrvo Fund (making £470,000), namely-From pro mium on shares £101,483 10s., from this half year's profits £18,510 10s, - £120,000; to balance carriod forward to noxt half-yoar, £12,537 0s. 7d. Total, £180,537 Gs. 7d. Tho sliaros of tho bank, whioh reached £9 17a. immediately prior to tho dividend last yoar, did not advanoo during the present yoar boyond £9 Gs., and may now bo quoted at from £3 15a. to £8 i 7s. Gd. Tho eovonth half-yoarly roport of tho Royal Bank of Queensland shows that from tho half-year's operations £7875 was devoted to a dividend at tho rate of G por cont per annum, and tho balance (£1277 Ga. 7d.) was carriod forward. The dividend paid in January last was 7 per cont, and the amount thou carried to reserve was £3000, and £1585 10s. lOd. wns carried forward. In tho late half-yoarly division of profils no sum was providod for reservo. Tho meeting of sbaroboldors at whioh tho roport was adopted WOB not of avery happy character, Mr. 0. B. Dutton sevoroly condemning tho management of tho establishment. Shares paid to £4 aro now quoted buyora £4 5s., sollow £4 Os. Tho first annual report of the Quoonsland Permanont Trustee, Executor, and Finança Agonoy Com- pany, Limited, shows that tho profit, during the throe months tho company has ac- tually been in operation, is £109 17s. lid. The Beoorid half-yearly roport of the Financial Guaran too and Àpfoncy Company of. Quoons- land, Limited, showed tho not profits, after writing off 20 per cent por annum from pre- liminary exponaos, &c;, to amount to £210817«. 5d., whioh was appropriated thus:-Dlvidond nt 8 per cent per annum, £1404 ; reservo fund, £500; bataneo forward, £291 17B. fid. Tho general demand for investment stocks is good, and all dividend paying lines aro readily saleable but in a market which shows every Bign of early improvement. Mount Morgan shares havo dropped to about £8 10s., and business in them has been small of late. In general commercial ciroles merchants aro looking for a brisk timo in spring. Roports from tho country aro of a very favourable character, and orders aro coming fairly to hand. Betwoen wholesale houses tho effect of over im- portation is still felt, and there is no speculative business, nearly all lines being io good supply. Flour is selling well in bakers' parcels up to £14, tho highest quotation. In sugar the market has subsided somowhat on account of the arrivals of new Bugars in tbo market. Planters, anxious to get their produce in on the high markot,|have sacrificed a good deal iu quality. Sales of best Millaquin have been mado at £30, and other first whites aro at about £28. Recent rains have thrown tho crushing back considerably. Salt is dull of salo. W&W; coarse, £3 2B. Cd.; Liverpool coarse. £3; AV&W; fine, £4 10s.; rock salt, £3 5s. The riso in the English market has not affected galvanised iron hero to any appreciable oxtont ; 24-gauge is worth £19 and 26-gauge £20 per ton for leading brands. Kerosine is firm at about Is. 7d. for high-test and le. öd. low-test. Tho combination entered into by merchants last month has ended, but prices have not been influenced. There is a fair trade doing in general lines. Cement is a drag on the market, and cannot bo sold at anything like a paying price. MINING. Reporta from the goldfields are of a most satisfactory character, the gold yields being large, and many mines are now paying divi- dends, which, a few months ago, were a severe drain upon shareholders. At Croydon tho want of water keeps back tho development of the country, and the oporations aro necessarily of a limited character. Tho mines which aro worked aro doing very well, and on othors necessary dead work is being carried out, BO that whon rain falls there will bo sufficient ' atono available to keep nearly double tho maohines on tho Hold quito up to work. As showing the value of somo of the properties on Croydon it may bo mentioned that a crushing of 74 tons of atono from the Wanderer claim yielded 414oz. gold. In the Palmer district tho operations on what is known ns tho Conglo- merate country havo boon carried out vigorously, and the Prospecting claim ia giving good returns. The Anglo-Saxon Company havo orushod 175 tons stono for GOOoz. bar gold, and a crushing of IG tons from a now show callod the Ropublio yieldod 33oai. gold. Tho markot price of Anglo-Saxon Company's shares has fallon considerably during tho last fow months. On tho Etheridgo mining is somowhat quiet, but the leading properties aro all turning out good results. Tho Grandpapa, epokon of aa ono of tho best shows on tho field, orushed 103, tons of stono obtained in (load work for 127oz. lodwt. retorted gold. At Charters Towers tho work dono of lato has been of a highly satisfactory oharaotor, but tho July returns are not yet to baud. The Juno returns give tho calls as £11,711 3s. -Iel., and tho dividends £7214 Ss. 4d.; tho dividend-pay- ing miuos being tho Golden Gato, £1200 ; New Victoria, £G000 ; Clara Block (in liquidation)i £14 8s. 4d. The dividends for tho half-year ending 30th Juno woro £24,475 10s. 2d. Sinoo 30th Juno somo good dividends havo boen paid, iuoluding tho Golden Gnto Company, la. Gd. por 24,000th sharo, tho rosult of tho cruah iug of 2283oz. 13dwt. 8gr. from 1235 tons stono. An iutorim dividond of Is. por Bharo, making in all 2s. Od. per sharo, waa doolared previously. Tho Viotory gavo a dividond of 6d. per 50,000th share, tho crushing boiug up to 2üth July 5302oz. 2dwt. Ggr. from 20G8 tons, and about lOOoz. moro expected from final donning up. Tho Stock- holm has clennod up 215 tons for 317oz. Gdwt. gold. A small parcel of 15 tons from tho North Queen Tributo gavo 4oz. 5dwt. per ton, and over loz. per ton. from grindinga ia oxpootod. A tributo party in tho Bonnie Dundoo has crushed 35oz. from 20 tons stono. Tho Phtrjbo crushod 377 tous for 170oz. smollod gold. The Groat Britain Ima now a roof of 2ft. Oin. good quality, and tho St. Goorgo p.o. aroofof20in., from whioh very fino stono isboing raised. Theso disoovorioa improve the vnluo of Grand Junction stnok. Tuo St. Goorgo, Quocu, and Viotory Groud Junction have just fiuishod a orushing of -138 tons for 423oz. 3dwt. Bmoltod gold. Ono of the host roporta from tho fiold ia that of tho Brilliant mino, nud tho rotiirua Bhow 1670oz. from 570 tons stono, and 100 tons grindinga aro loft whioh aro expootod to go 3oz. por ton. The rosult from nu 8ft. roof is rogarded as sploudid. Tho Victory Company havo detorminod, in tlio fnoo of tho .result of tilia crushing, to sink u diroot Bhaft to out tho reof. Tho Stockholm crushing has boon satisfactory, and a dividend of Gd. por sharo has been doolared. At Bowen tho mincB at Normanby uro looking woll, and a amohino is to bo created. Aparoel of lOowt. from tho Woloomo Company treated at Cbartors Towora gavo a roturn of Coz. Odwt. gold, tho tailings not hoing treated. AH, Maokay a com- pany with £24,000 oapital has boon started to work tho King Solomon's Minos silver-field. Twoiity-soveu hundredweight of oro was sold iu Adohido recently for £140 not. A fino lodo, showing magniiioont prospects, liai boon dis- covered at the 51ft. lovel of tho mino, and tho assnys show from 20oz. to 50O0o-5. silver to tho ton. At Rockhampton tho Mouut Morgan Company keeps up ita marvellous yiolds, and though tho lato dividond xvus ouly 2B. per shnro, it roproBonted a division of £100,000, Tho last few dividends havo boon 2s. Gd. por.sharo, and for tho year tho avorago xvill bo 2s. per sharo per mouth. At Mount Chaffey 40 tons stone Biiid to havo boon quarriod out of a moun- tain side, gavo l'Jo/. lOdxvt. gold. A trial orushiiig from Mount Moriuwh of 100 tonB stono wout O8oz. gold, and a dividond of £10 por sharo was deolarod. Two huudrod tons moro aro hoing put through. Crushing at tho Car- narvon Cimtle mino is oxpectod to start about n wook honoo. Thirty tons stono from tho Goldon Cavo, Crooodilo, yioldod 36}oz. Binolted gold, Tho Mount Shamrook, at Maryborough, con- tinues to yield woll, and the dovolopmout of tho mino ia regarded as highly satisfactory. At Eidsvold results of late crushiugs aro oxoollout. The last roturn to hand is for tho quarter onding 30th Juno, which shows 3047J tons to havo boon roducod for a yield of 4117oz. '18dwt., an avorago of loz. 2dwt. 17^gr. por ton. Since that timo tho Mount Craven p.o. has oriislicd 34 tona for 62o,;. 8dwl. 18gr. »molted gold ; tho Mount ROBO and Stookinan Junction, 114 tons for 202oz. 4dwt. Ogr. smelted gold ; tho Mount Roso p.o., 505 tons for 449oz. lSdwt. smoltod gold. Tlio Gympio returns nro of a moBt satisfactory nature During July 10,793 tens wero crushod for 10,208oz. gold. Tho dividends for tho month oxceodod tho calls by £7067. Gonoral reporta from the minos show that sovoral claims whioh havo hithorto hoon on tho cull list will soon ho paying dividonds. Tho No. 2 south Groat Eastern is reported to havo 2ft. of quart/ oarrying payablo gold. No. 1 north Pheonix washed up from 1800 tons stono for 1088oz. gold, and a dividend of Is. Gd. per sharo has boon doclarod. A yield of 211Uoz. gold IMA been obtained from tho North Lady Mary, and a Od. or Is. dividond is lookod for. No. 3 north Pheonix oloanod up G30 tonB for 437o¿. gold. United Groat Easterns havo hrokon down with good results. Tho No. 1 north Glanmiro cloanod up from 1421 tons for 2!)21o¡¡. Binolted gold, and a dividond of 7s. Gd. por Bharo, equal to £0000, was declared. Tho North Smithfield aro goltiug nico payable gold. Two hundred and fifty-four tons from tho Phoenix Prospec- tors yiolded 214oz. gold. On Monday last tho Ellon ¡larkins and St. Kilda got a caudlsúbQxful of fair epocunens. , ' BHIPPÎNG. Tbo shipping trado of tho colony has hoon fairly aotivo duriug tho month. A vory sevoro guio was experienced off tho const in tho bo ginning of July, oausing sovoral shipping disasters. Tho Gorman barquo Cord Hoyo, bound from Rockhampton to Apia, Samoa, oxporioncod tho full force of tho galo, and wout ash oro on tho boaoh at Sand- hills, Moreton Maud, on the lGtli. She booamo a total wreck. Fortunately no lives woro lost. The Mailsgate, hound from New- castle to Valparaiso with OOBIB, was totally wrecked on Middleton Reef, whioh lies about 380 milos from tho Australian ooaHt, in lat. 30deg. {},, long. IGOdog. E. The captain, offi- cers, and crew loft her in two boats, and reached land after battling with tho elements for sovoral days. Thoy suffered very much from oxposuro, hunger, and thirst. Thero havo beon twelve oversea arrivals in tho oolony nineo last summary, and a Uko numbor of departures. Tho oversea arrivals inoludod tho L. and A. Company's steamer Airlie, iu Moreton Bay on tho 12th July, from Hongkong, via ports ; the steamer Vlissengcn in Rockhamp- ton on tho 17th July, from London ; tho steamer Now Guinea, in Moreton Bay on tho 20th July, from London, via ports ; tho R.M.S. Jumna, in Moreton Bay on the 23rd July, from London, via ports; the barque Hyderabad, in Moreton Bay on tho 22nd July, from Glasgow; the barque Dharwar, in Moreton Bay, on the samo date, from London; the Danish barque Elso, in Moreton Bay, on tho 31st July, from Hamburg ; the German barque Vorwärts, in Moreton Bay on the 1st August, from Now York; tho steamer Bayley, at Rockhampton on the 2nd August, from London, via Sydney; tho barque Endymion, in Hervoy' Bay, Maryborough, on the 4th August, from London ; tho barquo Gem, at Kimberley on the 5th August, from Loudon; and the E. and A. Company's steamer Catterthun, at Cooktown yes« terday morning, from Hongkong, via ports. The steamer New Guinea brought a full gene- ral cargo. The R.M.S. Jumna brought 575 immigrants. Of thetoSO wero landed at Cook- town, 5 at Cairns, 7 at Bowen, 90 at Towns- ville, C at Port Douglas, 31 at Mackay, and 131 at Rockhampton, leaving 20 married couples, G7 ungle men, 83 single women, and 31 children for Brisbane. The Jumna experienced very heavy .weather in the Bay of Biwiay, and the temperature in the Red Sea was extremely hot. A moderate monsoon waj experienced^ from Aden to Colombo, and fine weather during tho remaindor of the voyage. Ono death occurred, nnd thero woro no births. The health of tho immigrants was very good throughout tho voyago, and their behaviour was all that oould be desired. The Hydorabad, Dharwar, Else, Vorwärts, and Endymion wero all laden with general merchandise. Tho following vessels havo sailed:-Tho steamer Ashleigh Brook, from. Rockhampton on tho 10th July, for London, via Now Zea- land ; tho barquo Ardondoe, from Morotoa Bay on the 12th July, for Nowcastlo, in ballast; tho E. and A. Company's steamer Menmuir, from Moreton Bay on the 14th July, for Hong- kong, t'iii ports; the bnrquo Gord neyo, from Koppol Bay (Rockhampton), on tho loth July, for Apia, Samoa, in ballast ; tho barquo Marlo, from Cleveland Bay (Townsville), on tho 23rd July, for Nowcastlo, in ballast; tho barquo Stoinvorn, from Moreton Bay, on tho 27th July, for Townsville, with part of hor original cargo from Now T,ork; the barquo Oftirns moro, from Moreton Bay on tho same dato, for Iquiqtio, in ballast;' tho steamer New Guinea, from Moreton Bay on tho 28th July, for ^Nowcastlo, iu ballast ; tho bnrquo Comadre, from Moroton Bay ou tho 30th July, for Valparaiso, iu ballast; tho barquo Aboukir Bay, from Moroton Bay on tho samo dato, for Nowcastlo, in ballast ; tho stonmor Changsha, from Moreton Bay on tho 4th August, for Hongkong, fin ports ;" and the B.I.S.N. Com- pany's R.M.S, 3 unana, from Brisbane yesterday, for London, via ports. Particulars of tho oxports by tho Jumna appear in our shipping columns. Of tho vessols in harbour tho barques Elso aud Vorwärts havo couunonood discharging, tho formor nt Messrs. D. L. Brown und Co.'s Eaglo-stroot wharves, and tho lnttor at tho Municipal wharves, rotrio's Bight. The Hyderabad will havo nil hor cargo out in tho courso of a wook or so. Tho Dharwar will finish discharging vory Bhortly. 