NEWS BY CABLE. Special Cable From Our Correspondest. LONDON, I7tii HAY. Sir Graham Berry, Agent-General for Victoria, acting on instructions received from the Government, is taking tho neces sary steps to procure the services of a com- petent engineer to advise as to the carry ing out of an effective scheme of drainage for Hel bourne and district. Iu the House of Commons last night Mr. Braillangh,' one of the members for Nor thampton, submitted a motion in favor of commuting all perpetual pensions. Mr. Gladstone supported the motion, which was, however, negatived by a majority of 60 votes. Sir Saul Samuel, Agent General for New South Wales, is seeking to obtain the ser vices of a cavalry officer, to take command of the cavalry force in the colony. LONDON, 18T1I MAY. Tlie Spanish authorities have discovered an anarchical conspiracy in Valencia, Several of the ringleaders have been arrested. The two Australian bicyclists, Messrs. Burston and Stokes, who some months ago started from Melbourne on a tour round the world, and who a month ago reached Constantinople, have now ridden into Borne. They will shortly proceed to France. Captain Bufkitt, late commander of the R.M.S. Jumna, belonging to the British India Steamship Company, which has the contract for cany ing the Queensland mails, has been removed from his position on account of his having married, in con travention of a rule of the company's service. Mr. Christie Murray, the well known novelist, intends to visit Australia shortly on a lecturing torn-. In tho House of Commons to-day, a division was taken on a motion submitted by Mr. Labouchere in favor of the abolition of the hereditary system in the House of Lords. The motion was negatived by 40 votes. Captain Morrill, commander of the British steamer Missouri, who jettisoned portion of his cargo in order to enable bim to take on board the 600 Danish im migrants belonging to the ship Danmark, which was lately lost in the Atlantic, arrived at Tilbuiy Docks to-day, and, in acknowledgement of liis humane conduct, was received with a great ovation. The passengers by the P. and O. Company's B.MS. Britannia, which had just arrived from Australia, juined in the cheering. Mrs. Maybrick, a niece of Jefferson Davis, who was President of tho Confederate States in America, has been arrested on a charge of poisoning her husband, a Liver pool merchant. In the House of Commons on Tuesday tile Chancellor of tlie Exchequer, Mr. 6. J. Goschen, will deal with tlie"ft'fclslion of light gold coins. With reference to the loss of specie to the value of £5000 .from the .. Orient Steam Navigation Company's B.M.S. Iberia, which recently arrived from Aus tralia, the London police, after- close in vestigation, are of opinion that- the gold was- never placed on board the vessel, but that tlie deficiency lias arisen owing to short delivery iu Melbourne. It is reported that the Anglo- Australian Investment Finance and Land Company Limited, of Sydney, is about to issue debentures in London to tho amount of £250,000. M'C'rackcn's Brewery Company Limited, Melbourne, are issuing debentures in Lon don to the amount of £500,000. Tlio de bentures bear interest at the rate of 4i per cent. The minimum lias been fixed at £95. Tlie death is announced of the Dowager Queen Marie of Bavaria, aged 74 years. Queen Marie was the daughter of the late Prince William of Prussia, and was married in 1842 to the late King Maximilian II. of Bavaria, who died 10th Murcli, 1864. Tho death is announced of tlie Karl oi Malmesbury. James Howard Harris, third Earl of Malmes bury, was born in 1807. Ho was Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs in 1852, and from February, 1858, to June, 1859. Ho was twioi married, but tlie heir jiresumptivo is his brother the Hon. Sir Edward Alfred John Harris. Peope Leo XIII. is seriously indisposed. The will of the Into .Mr. Thomas Glad stone has been proved. The personalty in the estato amounts to £254,000. The alteration desired by the Govern ments of Victoria, New South Wales and South Australia in the day of de parture of the mail steamers from Ade- \- laide for London will not be made. The final decision has been arrived at in the matter. It is stated that the diffi culties in the way of the proposed change are insuperable. LONDON, 20tii May. The legislatures of the States of Minne sota and Wisconsin have forwarded addresses of sympathy to Mr. Gladstone in recognition of his present policy with reference to Irish Home rule. It is rumored that a plot has been dis covered in Madagascar to massacre the whole of the French residents there, but no confirmatory information has as yet- been received. Sir Hercules Robinson, the retiring Go vernor of the Cape Colony, who has just reached London, states- that the verbatim reports of the speech which he made on leaving Cape Town will show that his views and opinions were greatly exaggerated. The bill introduced into the House of Lords with the object of making women ' eligible as candidates for seats on the ' county councils, established under the recently passed Local Government Act, has been rejected. LONDON, 21st May. ' The bill introduced by Lord George !. Hamilton, First Lord of the Admiralty, . providing for the strengthening of the British navy by the construction of about 70 new vessels, has been finnlly passed by the House of Commons. Serious agrarian disputes are reported to have taken place in Italy, which in some cases have resulted in fatalities. . An action for divorce has been instituted by Mrs. Robinson, wife of Mr. Phil Robin son, the well known war correspondent, who recently visited Australia. The alle gations in the petition partially relate to the period when Mr. Kohinson was in Aus tralia. A new steamer, called the Tamar, which has been built for Messrs. Devitt and Moore, a well known firm of ship owners trading to Australia, was success fully launched to-day. The new vessel, which is of 2000 tons register, will be placed on the berth for Sydney. Tenders were opened to-day for the debentures, representing a total of £500,000, offered on behalf of M'Cracken's Brewery Company Limited, Melbourne, the minimum for which was fixed at £95. The amount was over subscribed. LONDON, 22xd May. Princess Beatrice, youngest daughter of Queen Victoria, and wife of Prince Henry of Battenherg, has given birth to a ion. The Royal College of Surgeons, England, has conferred diplomas upon Messrs. Alt- man and Bellj medical students from the Melbourne University, and Mr. Kerr, from the Sydney University. Messrs. Harrold Brothers, well known shippers, of Adelaide, have signed an agreement to carry out the harbor scheme for the improvement of the harbor at Largs Bay, South Australia. Mr. Sampson Fox, a well-known manu facturer of Leeds, has given a donation of £45,000 in aid of the funds of the Royal College of Music. Sir George Campbell, M.P. for Kirkcaldy Burghs, has written a letter to the Fall \- Mall Gazette relative to the agitation in West Australia for constitutional govern ment. In this letter Sir George Campbell Etrongly urges that the Imperial autho rities should firmly refuse to relinquish control over the waste lands of the colony. „.lt is rumored that a syndicate lias been formed -to- acquire the business undertaken by tfie'Socieffe des Mctaux, which recently jecame involved owing to its heavy specu- ations in copper. A motion has been brought forward in the Spanish Congress in favor of the adop tion of a general protective policy. The motion was rejected by 227 votes to 64. The London Stock Exchange has, in consequence of a protest lodged by the Tasmanian Railway Company, resolved to defer quoting the new Tasmanian loan debentures in its list, pending the receipt of further information relative to the dis pute between the Government and the company. LONDON, 23rd May. Lord Eoscbcry has obtained the sanction of the authorities to the erection in St. Paul's Cathedral of a memorial tablet to the memory of the late W. B. Dalley, of Sydney, who was the organiser of the Soudan contiugeut from New Sout h Vales. This is the first instance in which such a compliment has been paid to a colonist. At the half yearly meeting of the Aus tralasian United Steam Navigation Com pany a dividend was declared at the rate of 6 per cent, per annum. The announce ment was made that the company have contracted for the building of three new steamers, each of 2000 tons. The Marquis of Lorne lifts joined the board of directors. A banquet will bo given to Mr. David Christie Murray, the well known novelist, prior to liis departure for Australia. Mr. Yates, x>roprietorofthe World, will preside. The statement is again made that Dr. Crouin, the friend of Major Le Caron, who gave evidence as an informer before the Parnell Commission, has been murdered. He was secretary of the Irish American Association, and it is supposed that he has been made awny with, in order to prevent damaging disclosures. Mr. Streeter, tire well known expert on precious stones, has written a letter to the press, stating that the so-called Australian rubies are only garnets. Mr. Donald Larnach, the chairman of the London directors of the Bank of New South Wales, has written a letter to the papers urging the annexation of Tasmania to Victoria, which he declares would he of enormous advantage to the smaller colony. The Orient- Company have paid £5000 as compensation for the box of gold lost in transit on the Iberia. No clue can be gained as to the theft. 