PARTICULAR' O1 THIE DISASTE?I. Seven Hundred Persons Saved. How They Were Rescued: A Noble Deed. ,(iY TELEGRAPH FROM' ALSIANY.) LONDON, April 2&.-Giret excitene'nt has been caused by the 1oss of the Copenhagen steamer Danmark on'a voyage to New York, the Inman steamer City 6f Chester, which arrived at Queenstown last Friday week'from NewYork, reported having passed on the 8th inst. in lat.i9deg.35min., long. 37dog. 1mrin.. a large derelict steamer with a cream.coloured funnel and a black band at the top, named the Danmark.' Her stern was awash with the water, and she seemed to be settling down. The vessel appeared to have suffered severely in a hurricane. There was no appearance of the crew in the vicinity of the steamer, which is beheved to be the Denmark, of Copenhagen, which sailed from Swinemundo on March 19, .and cleared at Christiania on the 23rd of the same month, bound for New York. The master of the City of Chester is of opinion that the crew and passengers had been rescued, as the vessel appeared to hare no boats and a cable chain was hanging over the bow, which looked as if she had been in tow. The Dansark had on board 308 pas sengers from Copenhagen, 131 from Chris tiania, 79 from Christiansund, 75 from Malmse and 14 from Gothenburg. Of these 26 were cabin passengers, including five children; the remainder were steeraige pas. sengers. The crew numbered 54 hands. No further news was received of the fate of the vessel or of those who had been on her until MIonday last, when the following tele gram was published :- " On April 2L the Portuguese mailboat Acor arrived, five days from Azores, with 42 of the crew of the Dam.h steamer Danmark, in charge of Mr. Peter Rabsen, third matf,. Mr. Rabsen re ports that on the 4th instant, when about 800 miles from Newfoundland, the Donmark broke her shaft. On the following day she fell in with'the British steamer Missouri, of London, bound for Philadelphia, which took her in tow till the morning of' the 6th, when the Danmark appeared to be on the point of sinking. The chptain there upon requested that the Danmark's pas. sengers midht be talken on board the Missouri, but the latter only had accomnic dation for twenty. Part of his cargo was, however, thrown overboard, and by this means room was made for all. The Missouri tlhen proceeded to the Azores, and after land ing some of the officers and 320 passengers continued her voyage to Philadelphia with 340 of the Denmark's passengers and some of tIe crew to assist in navigating. All the pan sengers were saved, and only 6ore man, the chief engineer, 'was 'killed, he being found dead in the engine-roam at the time of the accident." A message dated Philadelphia, April 22, says:-" The steamer Missouri, with 305 passengers from Denmark, arrived at Delaware Breakwater,. all well, at 1 o'clock this morning. She transferred part of the passengers at the break water to the steamer British King, which arrived in Philrdelphia this afternoon. The Missouri landed the Denmark's passengers at Philadelphia this evening and also the surgeon, Mr. Jespersen. the purser and six of the Denmark's crew. Messrs. Peter Wright and Sons, agents of the Atlantic Transport line, to whichl the Missouri belongs, had made completo arrangements for their com fort. Meals were spread on tables placed on the pier, and the rescued ones were after wards forwarded vest by the Pennsylvania railroad. An inspection of the Missouri shows that Captain Msurrill and his crew gave up everything to make the Danmark's people comfortable, and assigned cabins to the women. The cargo jettisoned in order to make room between decks consisted of rage and wool, sixty-six bales in all, valued at £500. Captain Murrili is praised through out the country for his good service.' " A further message, dated Philadelphia, April 23, says :-'Ciptain Murrill is the object of great attention, crowds assembling in the streets and cheering him. At the Maritime Exchange to day he was presented with a gold medal by the Pennsylvania Humane Society. 11e was subsequently con. ducted to the oflice of the Mayor, who wel comed him in the name of the city. Every where the conduct of the captain is loudly praised.' "The following is an extract from a letter received by Messrs. Williams,. Torrey, and Field, agents of the Atlantic Transport Line, from the captain of the Missour4i:--' April 20, 1889, off St. Michael's, Azores. Dear sirs,-I beg to inform you of our arrival down here, and doubtless you would have been much astonished at it, but not more vexed than I am. On Api-l 5\. at 1.20 p.m., we sighted a steamer flying distress signals. Bore down to hiss, and found he was the Danish steamer Danmark, of Copenhagen, from Copenhagefi to New York, with the shaft broken, lie had on board 005 passengers and 609 crew. lie asked me to take them, but I told him I would tow him but could not take the pas sengers, to which they assented, and although it was blowing hard and heavy sea, succeeded in getting the tow-rope on board and turned him round to westward, holding on all night to him, making about one knot and a half against . a strong head wind asd sea. Several times I thought I should have to slip him, but sinaged to hold on. Started our forward butts windlass and forecastle deck. At daylight I decided to square away for Azores, so signalled to him, and the captain agrees. I squared away ,t 7.20 s.m.,. wind and sea moderating. Hle signalled vessels making water, Sft in after hold. At 9.20 signailed : 'Leak gainiisg; must abandon ship.' So I had to cut the tow rope and go down to him. The chief otficer came on board and told me the water had gained fin in an hour, and the weather being fine the captain had do cided to abandon her; and would I taike them ? Of course I could do nothing else, so lowered my boats down, 'and withI his seven boats the work cosm enced, and such a sight I shall never forget. To see the peor souls oeming up-women and children. At 11 tme first boatload camu; all the women and children first in perfect order, and after wards the men, until we .succeeded in resnu ing the whole 735 souls without a single acci dent, although there was a heavy swell which made it dangerous for the bosts to come alongside. We managed to get some liour and bisecuts and mert and tee. Weather coming on dirty and the glass falling, and thick with rain, all hands being on board sit 4.30, captain lst man to leave. I went over thi provisions and found I had about three and a half days' food. Decided to come to these islands, which I hare done, and hope to land them to-morrow. The tiret night I had to throw overboard rags in the alleyways, and thio weather coming on so bad I had to make some room for them, so decided to throw the bales of wool over trom No.1 hatch, to mako enough room to put some down there, which was done, and we stowed nearly 300 men down there, logs and wings. We then brought up all our sails, awnings, and tarpaulins,- and spread around for them; coveted the hatches on cattle-deck up; but the water continued to smother everything, and although everyone on board did their best I never saw such a sight as daylight .showed us. At noon I had to heave to for six hours until the wind moderated, and since then we have had fine weather. We have been feeding 53 passengers in the cabin, ,nd 10 in the messroom. There wore 28 cabin passengers; the rest immigrants. I wish to put before you the capital manner in which all my crew worked-oflicers, chief engineer, and mate. In fact, it would not be fair to pick one or the other; but I really never saw a more willing and hard-working lot of oflicers in my life. You get this before my arrival at Philadelphia; please cable to Messrs. Peter Wright and Sons that I have these people, and ask them to make arrangements with the Thingvalls passenger agent to for ward all these people on to New York. I trnst everything I levo done will meet your approbation in t1is dremtdful time. I arrived at 9.30 am,, and they had the last meal at 830. Pretty close. April 6, 4.80 p.m.-Yonurs respectfully (signed) UT. Mun. SILL." The Atlantio Transport Line (the owners of the Missouri) have notified to the com. signets of cargo that they are released from' all contributions arising from the jettison of part of the cargo to make room for the Dtnmark's passengers. They have also notified Captain Murrill of their approsal of his conduct. 