COMMERCIAL. WOOL. Sydney, Monday. . Messrs. Hamsson, Jones and Devlin report: —For our weekly sale to-day we submitted a catalogue of 2, 184 bales. In greasy fleece ?wool the selection comprised wools principally from Momry and New England, but two of the largest clips hailed from Queensland. Many of the lots contained some well-grown wools, which with more attention to skirting, ? rl 'Kn+fnv TTfllllAfl YVLHlll.1 UUJuU.mci,lJ.U.-3U. WQUUUX vaiuco. Washed fleece wools were in short supply and no high class lots were submitted. _ In scoured the lots were almost all either, pieces or locks, and no good . lines of fleece were offered. The demand was very keen for all classes, and prices of last Monday were fully maintained. Owing to the fall ing off in arrivals, our sales henceforth will be held every fortnight and by the time of our next sale, Monday, 4th February, news of the opening of the London sales will have reached us Privately and by auction we have sold 1,819 bales. , . Farmers' Produce Company of Australia Limited, 11 William-street, Melbourne, report : — Melbourne, January 16th, 1889. Farm Produce— Wheat— very unsettled, buyers endeavouring to brinar values down, and sellers very firm ; best offers for prime i at auction, 4/8£, but this was refused. Some lines of medium sold at 4/7 to 4/8. Flour — m demand up to £11 for stone, and £13/10/ for roller. Bran— much firmer, sales made up to x4d. Oats — easier, Calcutta's, 3/- to 3/8; Danish up to 4/6^. Malting barley 4/5 to 6/1 ; Cape, 3/2 to 3/5. Peas, 4/- to 4/2.- Maize, 4/3 to 4/5. Hay — in demand up to £8 for best manger; chaffing 4/10 to £5. Straw, £3 to £3/10/. Chaff, — easier; prime, £5/10/ ; medium £5 to £5/5/. Potatoes — have had a considerable drop, and are worth to day, £6/10/- to £8. Onions £13 to £14. Dairy Produce — Fresh butter — in short supply, but prices have little alteration ; best prints, I5d to 18d; medium condition and lump, lOd to 14d ; inferior as low as 3d and hard to sell. Potted butter— in little better demand ; best lines up to 13d ; medium, 6d to 7d. Eggs easier, at 10£d. to ll^d; for a few, higher. Doubtful sorts lower. Cheese, from 6d to 7 for good dairies, other sorts lower. Cacon up to 9^d. Hams, lOd. Pork, 2d to 5d according to condition. Honey, 3d to 3£d. Wax, 9id to lOd. Poultry — in very short supply, but buyers were not anxious, so prices had very little improvement. Fowls, 2/9 to 5/2. Ducks, 3/6 to 4/7. Turkeys, 6/9 to 19/6. Geeee, 4/- to 7/. Pigeons 1/3 to 2/. . | Bagging. — Corn sacks, 6/3 to 6/5. Bran, j 4/7 to 4/9. Secondhand corn, 5/3 to 5/6 : ditto chaff, 3/6 to 4/. Mining.— The Adelong correspondent of theGundagai Times writes I have been in formed by Mr. Travers Jones, M.P., that the Donkey Hill Company, in which he is interested, have yesterday struck splendid gold in a drive south of the main shaft at 170 feet level, going towards the main all their workings have been confined 'to channel and into entirely new ground. As the north end of the. shaft, this find is most important and encouraging. Strange to say, almost simultaneously the second shoot of stone was struck in the 270 feet drive going north, and looks extremely well. Un fortunately the air continues very bad, the syndicate will, however, have to put their shoulders to the wheel and sink another shaft. Mr. Jones, who only came up on businesss matters, leaves again by to-day's coach. Rifle Match.— The following is the team lor Narand era,- in the match on Saturday next :— Colour-sergeant W. H. Matthews, and privates R. Ogilvie, J. Young, J.. Bar ^ Harrington, J. Lesuer, J. M'Grath, D. M Carthy, L. Falconer, and — Pearce. Eurongilly and Mr. Want.— The cor respondent of the Southern Cross writes : ? 'The residents were considerably sui prised when the news of the Ministers' resignation was diffused among them. Three months ago .the mention of Mr. Want as likely to effect such a crisis would have fallen on their ears as a something stranger than notion ; but every succeeding day's tide brings with it new foam, and the baubles that stood on the ' fermented spirits ' are swept away to make room for the ripples which surge from the stream of the ' un known.' Consequently it is nothing more than natural that -Our Jack,' fitted Up as he is with the tough steel of learning, should plunge into the political sea to bait his own crab ; for this is really what he has done when his little craft trembled oh troubled waters, and just as it w/ts beine carried out on to the rocks he threw all his strength on to the oar and safely floated -in to port again. It is whispered that his loving old mother, ' Mrs. Gundagai,' has already commenced shedding tears of for! giveness over the excesses of her prod ell son's heart, and to a certain extent thl Eurongilly love is- melting into the mS sympathebo pUy now. Thi8 sadden ohS,~ of feathers (Mr. Want likes the phrase) is in oonfo^mity mth tW course o{ acS oir T^0lhaJ adopted lalely- Tie zeal with which he has attended to our requireml„,„ recently justifies this as3ertion? standing that it required the aid of whb and spurs to make the hon. member tj TtaKp in harness. If i3 not for me to aom-o™ condemn Mr. Want's conduct, although 1 opposition to him was the indirect causa iug up® us! WWcl1 he is at Bresent b03t0'- The Oddfellows of the Hunter River dis fact have a credit balance . of £3 24^ Electoral Roll.— The collection of the names entitled to be on the electoral roll for the Cootamundra portion of the Gun dagai electorate is nearly finished, and persons whose names are entitled to be in serted and are omitted should communicate with Sen. -sergeant Parker not' later than the 28fch irs'ant. Sale of Rights. — The rights in connec tion with the sports to be held on Anni versary Day were sold by Mr. Simpson, auctioneer, on Saturday, and resulted as follows :— Booth, J. Cuzner, £1-1/11/ ; gates, W. Falconer, £20/10/; fruit stall, J. f Cuzner. 11/: riplit-. onnrfs .T. Cnzn3r. 8/. J The Australian Exploration Com pany.— This company has been declared formed. Its authorised capital is. £500, 000,. in shnresof £l each, of which the first issue of £50,000 has been subscribed for privately by fifty influential colonists. The object of the company id to aid in the development of mining properties of all descriptions. It will act as a medium between the owners or discoverers of mineral lands and the invest ing public, and it proposes to bring out only such properties as it has thoroughly tested,, and these on an equitable basis, and thus erive a P-narantoA-t-rv_ / I innoArnfld that the ventures have genuine ^prospects of success, and will be worked upon sound commercial principles', Mr. Wilson, a Gladstonite Liberal, who has been returned to Parliament as re presentative of Govan, defeated his opponent, John Pender, who stood in the Conservative interest, by a majority of a thousand. The local government elections, under the Cninty Councils Act, have resulted in a victory for the Liberals, who have secured a two-thirds majority. Lady Sandhurst and Miss Jane Cobden were elected. The legal ity of their election is doubted. The Daily Telegraph has published an in taresting account of tho death of General Gordon at Khartoum, as furnished by an eye- witness of the event. It appears that General Gordon was killed after having yielded up his sword to the Mahdist general. Mr. Fletcher has cabled to the Agent General countermanding the acceptance of an Jjjnglish tender for the Jsujiply of .9,000 tons of cast-iron pifxjs requited by the water and sewerage board# Tenders will be in vited from iron manufacturers in this colonv 0nly,l Thfe rail way commissioners having warned certaijj^jgtilway employes to jiay within a certain time debts due to tradesmen who have complained of their inability to obtain payment, the Minister for Railways has asked the Commissioners to inform him. of the facts of the case. The planks of the protection platform in clude financial reform, payment of members, land law amendment, agricultural colleges and model farms, harbour trusts, railway .construction, the Sydney city railway, min ing law amendment, and a Chinese bill on the lines of the conference. It is reported in London that at a private 0*a flir*vi-nn. i-i-P «/%! ^4^1 'U-! ? 'L A ' O ? ^XQJU.UpOj JJ.13AU. DUU' sequent to the Lambeth Conference, the complaint was made that in the colonies the Roman Catholic clergy pursued a policy,, of ; aggrandisement, which was attributed largely to the fact that the Anglican clergy in the colonies were ' duffers ' and ' milk sops.' ; . ; Attention has lately been given by. a committee of the United States Congress to, the subject of immigration. A report just submitted recommends that a five-dollar poll-tax be imposed on all immigrants,, clergymen and tourists tojje exempt. The object of the recommendation is to exclude the introduction of- jsersonstwho do not intend to become American citizens. - The Brisbane Courier of Thursday relates that early on the afternoon of Sunday last information was brought to Sergeant Ander-r son that a woman had been found murdered near the Pine River, about three miles from Sandgate. The news- was brought by a youth on horseback, one of a party who noticed the 'body of a woman lying on the sand,, but who, suspecting foul play, were afraid to go near to see whether life was ex tinct for fear of being implicated in the affair. Sergeant Anderson at once saddled his horse, and, accompanied by a constable, galloped at full speed to the spot indicated, where he found the woman not dead, but standing up. She had nothing on but - a ? loose gown or wrapper, and for some time seemed reluctant to give any account of her self. Her underclothing was found some distance away. From the statement of the unfortunate girl, who is not unattractive in appearance and apparently well educated, it appears that she poifct^lated suicide. Ser geant Anderson brought Her into Sandgate, and took her into custody for her own pro tection, as she was in a very excited and' , hysterical state. After she was more com- : posed, in answer to questions, she stated; that she had only been five months in the colony, where for some time she had occu pied the position of governess at an up country station. On leaving that situation' she came to Brisbane, Where, having no re lations or friends in the colony, and becom ing short of money, she accepted an engage ment in a theatrical company. While thus occupied she was ruined by an individual ' who, according to her statement, maintained her for a short time in a furnished cottage, but becoming disgusted with this kind of life and despairing of anything better, she determined to put an end to her existence. She- was brought before the Bench at Sand gate on Monday morning, and the circum stances of her case, which are of a distressing nature, having been explained by Sergeant Anderson, she was allowed to return to Bris bane. It is understood that satisfactory arrangemerts have been made with persons interested in the young girl, who will pro bably proceed to one of the Southern capi tals, ^here she has a sister. 