GERMAN EXTRACTS. t [Translated and condensed from the | Australiach Zeitung" by J. A. MARKEP.T.1 I The projected construction of two lines of railway by Russia through Siberia from the west to the east which will unite the Pacific Ocean with the Baltic Sen, has . n world wide importance, as it will affect three large groups viz:-Europo (without Russia), with 260,000,000 inhabitants, Hinlostan with 240,000,000, China and Japan with 450,000,000. Amongst these three divisions there are extonsive commercial relations, the exchanges of which amount to mil lions. The agents of this commercial intercourse reap tremendous profits, which mostly fall into the hands of Englishmen, although they dwell at the other end of Europe. Russia las no sharo in this gigantic trade of the world, and yet on account of its happy geographical position it should take the lead. Russia is a tromendoua stretch from the northern polar sea as far as the southern shores of the Black and Caspian Seas, is contiguous to Asia and thus separates Europe from Asia. Russia in spite of its favourable geographical position has hitherto reaped no benefit from Asia, although the latter is inhabited by about 800,000,000 people, and the Russo-Asiatic boundary is very extensive. Through the Siberian Pacific railway Russia will indirectly joinEurope and China, viz:-Russia unites the interests of 750,000,000 human beings, the half of the whole world. The English, German, French and other travellers will prefer the journey by land to the voyage by water, as the lancl trip will bring them within ten days into the heart of China. The quantity of goods which this line will have to forward will be enormous, espe cially tea, silk stuffs, hardware etc. In order to unito the railway net with Pekin, a double line of about 2,800 geographical miles has to be built, which will cost 350,000,000 roubles. Tho question is "how will China act in this matter? Russia cannot compel the Chinese Government to build a railway as far as Pekin. Yet the beginning; of the undertaking must not be made dependent on the result of diplo matic negotiations, but should be carried out immediately, as the railway even when only uniting Siberia with Europe will be of great use. How strangely "hearts sometimes bind themselves to hearts" is shown in the follow ing short sketch based on fact. The pretty young flower seller of the "Passi-ge-Panop tikum" at Berlin often, for fun, posod as a wax figure; that is, sho remained for some time motionless in a certain position and had acquired in that art such a proficiency that many passers by cook her for a creation of the human hand. Lately 3he repeated the experiment. Leaning back in a seat, the eyes closed, a basket with violets and roses on her lap, she appeared to form part of the other figures, and many a passer by, who looked at her with scrutinizing eyes, was not quite sure whether truth or fiction was before them. Amongst' these was a stately gentle man in a travelling dress who gazed at tho pretty girl again and again, until he could not refrain hia curiosity, stepped nearer and touched her hand hanging down. With a little scream the girl jumped up, the flower basket escaped her hand and scattered the fragrant contents over the floor. The surprised stranger made a backward move ment, apologized and helped to gather up the children of Flora. From the ensuing conversation it appeared that the gentleman was a wealthy manufacturer from Copen hagen, who, for tho extension of his busi ness, stayed some weeks in Berlin. He sub sequently paid a daily visit to the "Panop tikum." The chat with the charming girl was continued with greatassiduityandshortly the happy flower fairy-having in the mean time given up her situation-will, as a wife of the northern guest, follow him to the Danish capital. Referring to a Land Bill, a Mr. McClure, a member of the Legislature of BritishClumbia delivered a speech of fully 27 hours, dura tion. He was on his legs from 1 p.m. till 4 p.m. the following day. Strasburg is world-renownod through its goose liver pies, which by artificial means are brought to a high state of perfection. Paris confectioners having lately produced an inferior article and sold it as tho original ''Strasburg," the Strasburg aitists have united and requested the German am bassador at Paris to tako steps in tho matter. Dogs grease is considered a euro for pul monary consumption. The new American Postmaster General, Mr. John Wanamaker is said to bo the son of a Gorman immigrant, a tailor by trade. From a poor clerk in a tailoring establishment Wanamaker has risen to be the proprietor of the largest tailoring business, and to possess ยง20,000,000' To the election expenses of President Harrison ho has contributed half a million dollars. No wonder that ho has now the qualification for a Postmaster General! Frederic the Great, King of Prussia, even during the war, found time to play tho flute in the house of a peasant. Ho was much admired by tho villago schoolmaster, who re spectfully listened at a distanceanii at whose request he contiuad tho performance a little longer. It is certain that tho visit of tho German Emperor to England, will not bo a private, but a public one in his official capacity as Emperor of Germany and King- of Prussia. He will be accompanied by his brother Henry and very likely by Count Herbert Bismarck, Minister and Foreign Secreraryof State, son of the Chancellor Prince Bismarck. A peculiar adventure happened to an actress at Paris. Mademoiselle M, who was of fair complexion, wished one day to givo her hair that red tint which is produced by the Lausiin powder (henna.) She applied to a lady of great renown as a hair dyer. The treatment lasted tivo hours. The actress had to wrap her head in a kind of plaster. When the moment had arrived to remove the covering she stepped in great expectation before the mirror, but-one can itnagino her horror-her hair had turned green; green like the dress coat of a French academician. A highly aristocratic Club in Ottawa, Canada, lately blackballed tho Mayor of that town on account of being engaged in business. He is nt the head of a largo furniture ware house, and many mombers of that club mostly Government officials-owed him con siderable sums for furniture, ijow ho has taken out a summons against them and de clared he will treat thorn without any consi deration. Although guano has a bad smell, yot those ship loads discharged lust year at Hamburg gave ten per cent dividend. The celebrated German hymn composed by Dr, Martin Luther, "Eine festo Burg ist unsur Gott," (A strong fortress is our God,) has, according to Dr. Bornhard Pie!:, of Alleghany, been translated into SO different languages, including Latin, Groek and Hebrew, the most numerous being in Eng lish, of which Dr. Pick possesses 51 speci mens. The American poet, Longfellow, has furnished an English version. Tho hymn is being sung in tho-language of tho respective countries, besides the countries of the Gor man tongue, iri England, Holland, Den mark, Sweden, Norway, Ireland, Lapland, Eifchliintl, Finland, LirlarsdJ/HIuiunia, Bohemia, Hungary, Italy, Spain and Africa Russia, according to the latest census, has 108,787,235 inhabitants, or four and a half millions more than in 1884. Referring to the courtship and marriage of Prince Alexander of Battenberg the Paris " Pigaro" has tho following. In the list of arrivals at Mentone were two names viz. Mrs and Miss Loisinger. They led in the small hotel a rather retired life. It was only know n that the young lady was a singer at the Darmstadt theatre, and being of deli cate health intended to pass three weeks at Mentone. On tho advice of her physician she would return to Germany in the Spring At the ond of January a tall, elegant gentleman alighted at the same hotel, and entered himself in the book under the name of Ernst, calico manufacturer of Heidelberg. Accompanied by no servant and arrived at a moment- when the Hotel was full, he had to bo satisfied with a room look ing north. Ho dined at the table d'hote, liked to chat with hi3 neighbors, especially with Italian painters, and in company with the beautiful singer took, during the day, long rambles in the lonely dales. The acquain tances of Mr. Ernst joked about his simil arity with Prince Battenberg and were of opinion that the calico manufacturer was oven handsomer than tho soldier, in the meantime they were nob a little aston ished when Mr. Mueller, formerly Rus sian Consul at Darmstadt addressed tho manufacturer, to whom he paid frequent visits, as " Your Hicrhness." SuhsnnnpTii-.ltr an event especially astonished, the table com panions. Mr. Ernst one day, without knock ing at the door, entered the room of the young lady whilst she was receiving some friends. When Mr. Muller, who, in the meanwhile, had also arrived, announced the death of the Archduke Rudolph, Mr. Ernst fell into a seat, his whole body trembled, and for a long time he could not speak a word. Somo kilometres from Mentone, in the midst of lomon forests, there is the littlo village of M . It contains a church, in which on the 6th February was celebrated the marriage of Mr. Ernst, alias Prince Alexandor of Battcnberg, alias Count of Hartenan, with Miss Loisinger, singer at the Darmstadt theatre and daughter of the " Yalet de Chambre" of the Austrian field marshal Signorini. As the prince could not be married in the Protestant Church of Mentone, whoso pa.itor required the com pliance with several.formalities, it was re solved that the marriage should take place in the Catholic Church to which his wife belongs. Consul and Mrs. Muller and one or two friends accompanied the bride, whose white dress was covered by a dark velvet mantle. The young couple started at once for Milan. 