The Banmark Disaster, How 700 Persona wore Rescued. Jettisoning Cargo to Acoommoclafcs Them. The Albany correspondent cf tho Sydney Daily JeUgra'pli wired aa followa on the ur'ival of iho mail steamer on May 2G : London, April 20. — Great exoitemout has been caused by tho losa ot tho Copenhagen hteamor Dan mark 011 a vojago to Now York. The Inman steamer City cf Chester, which arrived at Queenstown lust Friday wcok frrm N»3W York, roported huvi- g passed on tho Sth instant, in lat. 40 dogs. 36 ininB., Lng. 37 degs 10 miu., a largo dei olio t steamer with a aiuam-ojlourod funnel and a black bund at the tup. named the Danmurk. Her stern wua awash with tho water and ahu seemed to be B'-Ming down. The vessel appeared to havo suffered severely in a hurricane. There waa no appearance of the crow in the vicinity of tho nttumor, which is believed to bo tho Dunniark, of Cupeuha;-n, whioh sailed from Swincuiunde on March 19, and cleared at Christiania 011 the 2!-rd of the Bamo month, bound for New York. T je master of tho City of Cheater is of opinion that the crew and passongers had been rescued, as tha Vessel appeared to havo uo b)3t«nrnl a cable chain was bunging over tho how, which, looked as if she had been in tow. The Daurnurk had on board 368 pasBongers from Copenhagen, 131 from Cbrislianiu, 7U from Christiausuud, 75 from Main 03, aud 14 from Gothenburg. Of. these 20 -were cabin passongors, including fivo children; tho. remainder were steerage pias engers. The crew numbered .01 hands. No further nows was reoeived ot' tho fato of the vessol or of ihoso who had been on her until Monday last, whon the following telegram wus published : 'On April 21 the Portuguese muilbout Acor arrived, five) days from Azores, with 42 of tho orow of thn Danish Eteamer l-anmark, in chnrgo of Mr. Peter Rabsonj third mute. Mr. Rubsen reports that un the 4th in slant, when about 800 miles fiom Newfound land, tbo Danmark broke h er shaft. On the f cUoiting day i-he fell iu with tho British stramcr Missouri, of London, bound for Philudelphin, -which took her in tow till tho morning of tho Uth, when tho Danmark ap poo red to be on the point ot sinking. Too captain thereupon requested thattho Danmark'a passengers might be taken on board the Missouri, but the latter only had accommoda tion for 20. Part of the cargo was, howevor, thrown overboard, und by thia moans room was mado for all. Tho Missouri then prooedoed to tho Azores, and after landing some of tho ofricorw and 320 passengora continued her voyage to Philndephiu with 340 of tho Danmurk' a paa pengers tied some of tho crew to insist in navi gating. All the passengers were saved, and only one man, the chief engineer, waa killed, ho being found dead in the engine-room at the time of the accident.' A message dated Philadelphia, Apiil 22, says : The ateumer Missouri, with SG5 pusaongers from vessel Danmu'k, urrived at Delaware breakwuter, all well, at 1 o'clock this morning. She transferred part oE tho passengers at tho breakwater to the steamer British King, whioh arrived iu Philadelphia thia afternoon. Thj Missouri landed the iJanruark's passengers at Philadelphia thin evening and also the Burpreon, Mr. Jcspersen, the purser, and six of the Dan mark's crew. Messrs. Pet* r Wright aud Sons, agents of the Atlantic Transport line, to which the Missouri belongs, hud made oompleto ar rangements for their comfort. Meals were spread on tables placed on the pier, und the rescued ones wero afterwards forwarded weat by the Pennsylvania railroad. An inspection of the Missouri fhows that Captain Murrill and his crow gave up everything to make tho Dan murk's people comfortable, and assigned cabins to the women. The cargo jettisoned in order to make room between decks consisted of rag« and wool, G6 bales in all, valued at £500. Cap tain Murriil is praised throughout the country for his good sorvice.' A further message, dated Philadelphia, April 23, says: 'Captain Murrill is the object of great attention, crowds assembling in the streets and cheering him. At tha Maritimo Exchange to-day he was presented with a gold medal by the Pennsylvania Humane Society. He waa subsequently conducted to the office of the Mayor, who welcomed him in the name of tho city. Everywhere the conduot of the oip tain is loudly praised.' The following is an extract from a letter received by MesBrs. Williams, Torrey, and I'u-ld, agonts of the Atlantio Transport line, from the captain of the Missouri : 'Dour Sirs, — I beg to inform you of our arrival down here, and doubtless you would havo been, much astonished at it, but not more vexed than I am. On April 5, at 1.20 p.m., wo sighted a steamer flying distress nignals. Bore down to him, and found ho was the Danish, steaaer Dan-nark, of Coponhagen from Copenhagen to New York, with the shaft broken. He had on board 005 passengers and C9 crew. He asked me to take them, bat I told him I would tow him bnt could not take tho passengers, to which they assented, and although it wub blowng bard and heavy sea succeeded in getting the tow rope on hoard, and turned him round to westward, holding on all night to him, making about one knot and a half against a strong head wind and sea. Several timeB I thought I should have to Blip him, but managed to hold on. Started our i or ward butts windlass and forecastle deck. At daylight I decided to square away for Azoros, so signalled to him, and th» captain agreed. I squared a iray at 7. '20 a. in , wind and sea moderating. Ho signalled vessel making water. 3 feet in after hold. At 9.20 signalled : — ' Leak gaining ; must abandon ship.' So I had to cut the rope and go down to bim. The chief officer came on board and told me the waterhadgaiuedOinches iuan hour, and the weather being finer the captain had decided to abandon her ; and would I take them 's Of course I could do nothing else, so lowered my boats down and with hia seven boats the work commenced, and such, a Bight I shall never forget. To ses the poor saula coming up — women and children. At 11 the first boutload came ; all the women »nd chil dren first in perfect order, nnd afterwards the men, until we succeeded iu rescuing tha whole 735 eouls without a single ao cident, although ther.) was a heavy swell which mode it dangerous for the boats to come alongside. We managed to get sorua Hour and biEOuite and meat and tea. Weather corning on dirty and the glues falling, aud thick with rain, a!l hands being on board at 4.30, captain la-t man to leave. I went over tho provisions, and found I had about three and a- half days* food. Decided to come to these islands, whioh I have done, and hope to land thorn to-morrow. The first night I had to throw overbowd rag« s. in the alleyways, and the weathor c jming oa no bad I had to make aomo more room for them, to decided to throw tho bales of wool over from No. 1 hatch, to make enough roim to put some down thtre, which wsb done, and we stowed nearly 3U0 men down there, lega and wings. We thfiu brought up all our sails, awnings and tarpaulins, and spread around for them, covered the hitches on cattle deck up ; hut the water continued to amother everything, and although everyone on board did hia best I never saw Buoha wight as daylight showed us. At noon I had to heava to for six hours until wind modurated, and rinco then wo have had fine weather. Wo have been feeding 13 pasaengera in tho cabin and IU in the zncRsroom. There wero 28 cabin paa sengors, the reBt immigrants. I wish to put before you the capital manner in which, all my orow worked — officers, chief onginoer, und mate. In faot, it would not bfl fuir to pick ono or the other ; but I reully uovor saw a more willing and hard- working lot of offioera in my lif 0. If you get thia bof ore my arrival at Philadelphia, pluutc cablo to Messrs. l'eter Wright and Sons that I havo thoso people, and ask them to muko arrungomenta with tba Thingvulla passenger agont to forward all these peoplo on to Now York. I trust every thing I havo done will meot with your appro bution in tins droudful timo. I urrived at 9 30 11\. m., und thoy had thu last meal at 8.30. 1'iotw olopo. April 0, \ 80 p.m. — Youra, &e.;, H. MniiPiLL.'r Iho Atlantic) Transport lino, tho owners of tho Missouri, huvo notified to the consignees of curgo thut thoy aro rolcuscd from all uoutribu tionB uriaiug from the jettison of part of the outgo to muko room for tliu Danmark'H passon gcra. Thoy havo nlso notifiod Captain Mucrill ? vf tbeir approval of hia conduct. Wo nro told that 'breastpins are made lnrgor tlmu luHt year.' Now. let BOtuequa tell us juat how largo luat yew m 