LOCAL NEWS. A MBiiiTNU of the Commltt»e of tlw Maryborough Jockey Cluh was held yes terdav aflernoun, at wbioh there were present Messrs. R, Sextain (cimlr), R. Johnstone, R. Hughes, J. Richardson, ' W. J. M'Grath. 8. J. Llovd, W. B. Jones, and J. Macalister. Tiie Chair mau stated that the meeting waB called to reconsider the determination arrived at at last meeting, not to hold a race meeting before tbe June meeting. He stated that It waB h great mistake, us such meetings were tbe only chances horseownera In tbe district bad, and if a meeting was not held they would not pay their members subscription, aud the suhscriptioon would be reduced this year by one-half. He said It would be quite safe ftom a pecuniary poiutof view, and ft would tend to popularise the club. There were, be said, 29 horseownera In the district owning 48 horses. He then compared the prospects of the cluh coming out with a credit with a meeting last year. The secretary read a programme which be bad drawn out with added money amounting to £260. The Chairman said that when a loss was made on a similar meeting laBt year the entrance was 4 per cent, while now it would be 5 per cent. Mr. M'Grath said it waB not competent for the com mittee to override the decision arrived at at last meeting, and said tbat this meet ing was not properly called, aud any thing that was now done would be liable to he upset, and another meeting might yet be called with that object. Mr. John stone Bald that proper notice was not given for last meeting, aud it was not given this meeting; therefore, if one meeting was informal, the other was also. Mr. Richardson said be could not see how tbe, committee could go back on wbat they have already passed. Tbe Secretary said if he was to wait till three members of tbe committee requisitioned him to hold a meeting, be would wait from January 1st till December 31st. He was certain lhat the meeting would not be a loss to the club, and was so confident of it tbat if it came out a Ion* he would give the rfBe lately given in bi9 salary as a share to defray expenses. Mr. JoneB said he had been connected with tbe club ever since its incorporation, and everything tbat ever bas been done bas been so illegally according to tbe rules. A long discussion took place on the technical point as to the legality of the meeting. The question as to the advisability of holding a meeting in April was then dis cussed. Mr. M'Grath considered it would be a loss and said not 20 out of the 48 horses mentioned would be nominated, and it must be remembered tbat £1000 had to be given away in Juue. Mr. M'Alister said tbat holding a meeting in April would ruin the prospeots of the annual meeting in June, as the times were too bad at present for people lo attend the races. Mr. Jones said he bad voted against a meeting being held at last meeting of tbe committee, but be bad since thought over tbe matter, and as Gympie was holding a meeting iu April oue club should help the other. Mr. Sexton and Mr. Johnstoue were greatly in favor of a meeting being held. Mr. Lloyd said he would not like lo see the subscriptions reduced. After consider able discussion Mr. Johnstone moved and tbe chairman seconded tbat a two days race meeting be held ou April 5th and 6th, added money uot to exceed £260. Mr. M'Grath moved as an amendment tbat there be no race meeting held till the June meeting. Seconded by Mr. Hughes. The amendment was put to the meeting, and Messrs. M'Gratb, M'Alister and Hugbeg voted for it, while all tbe i others votsd lor the motion. Tbe motion ! that a race meeting be held was there fore carried. The usual weekly sittings of ihe Petty Debts Court were held yesterday before R. A. Ranking, Esq., P.M., and John Harwood, Esq., J.P., when the following cases were decided Mary borough News paper Company v. R. P. Alexander ; ad vertising, £3 Ib. 6d. Judgement for the plaintiffs, with 7s. costs of Court. W. H. Purser, trustee in tbe estate of C. P. Christoe. v. Michael Kelly ; money lent, £3. Judgment for the plaintiff, with 5a. 0d. costs of Court. Abet Hyde and Co. v. Lady Florence Extended G. M. Co., Ltd. ; dishonored cheque, £10. Mr. Stafford appeared for the plaintiffs. Judgment for the plaintiffs, with £2 2s. professional costs, and 5s. costs of Court. Thomas Connor v. F. Hillman ; goods sold, 15s. 4d. Judgment for the plaintiff, with 5s. costs of Court. Fritz Kinne v. Hermann Gilser ; work done and interest due, £9. Mr. Stafford for tbe plaintiff. Judgment for the plaintiff, with £1 Is. professional costs, and 5s. 6d. costs ot Court. John Brennan v. Fred Woodman ; value of saddle, £2. Order made to defendant to deliver up the saddle forthwith, or to pay £2, value of same, and to pay 12s. 6d. Carolina Barute v. Mrs. O'Mara; money lent, £3 10s. Judgment for the plaintiff, with 59. costs of Court. Maryborough Newspaper Company v. Chas. Powell, Walter A. Adam, Joseph R.)binson, Jonathan Murray, and T. H. Hill, direc tors of the Jubilee G.M. Co. ; advertising, £5 9a. Id. Judgement for tbe plaintiffs, with £3 4s. costs, fshmael Kinne v. Karl Dantzigen ; work done, £1 12s. 2d. Judg ment foi the plaintiff tor 17s. 6d., paid into Court. A meeting! of more than the usual interest of weekly proceedings, was held by tbe Scandinavian Society on Monday evening in tbe Scandinavian Hall, Fort street. Mr. Anderson presided, and there were about 40 members present. The objects of tbe Association are social and intellectual. On Monday Mr. CbristenBeu delivered an able address, urging mem bers to bind themselves together so tbat newer colonists might learn from more matured resident* the conditions and Influences of Municipal aud Parliamen tary affairs, and thus be enabled to exercise an intelligent and independent vote. The speaker dwelt in forcible style, and at some Iengtb, on tbe obliga tion of all Scandinavians, while not for getting tbeir nationality, to thoroughly qualify themselves to become good colo nists and to become imbued with an Australian spirit. He depreoated tbe interference of interested parties from tbe soutb in local politics, and concluded with a warm eulogium of fbe social aims of the society, A dlBscussion followed in which Messrs. Byers, Fulsig, Jacobsen, aud others took part, aud t he meeting concluded . with a vote of thanks to the Chairman about 10 o'clock. At the Police Court yesterday, before R. A. Ranking, Esq., P.M., and John Harwood, E«j.. J.P., Nathalia Gronback, alins NaLlialia Jensen, was charged with bigamy. Mr. Stafford appearod for the prosecution, aud asked for a remand for Beven days, as the principal witnesses were up near Gympie. The accused was therefore remanded until Wednesday next. The attention of the United Ferry Board is invited by persona who cross in tbe boat ferry lo the insufiicientlengtb of tbe pontoon ou t be Granville aide of tbe ferry. At low tide passengers have to get over the mud somehow in order lo reach tbe boat. The following immigrants by the Dorunda still remain at the depot 60 single men, 5 married coupleB, and 1 single girl. Not alone the owners ofWseB and cattle, but those b.ivlnp potscsoa ofanv sort of animal on which ih. place a value, practical or sentimental will hail with pleasure the notlflcatiouUiat pvars in tblB issue, of a properly uallflM veterinary nurgeon bavingsetlle ii, tlli district, with Hie intention off({ow|u„ his professional calling. Mr. v. W Barnes, M.R C.V.8. London andKdln' burgb, and F.E.V.M.A., the genuman . we .reier in. who u«b inKen up ni resi dence In Gympie, but will travel tbi.Ul!k tbe district as occasion may demU(i comes in our midst with high diplo^ from Eugland, and oau hardly fai,^ make bis useful services apprecia^ amongst the owners of livestock, t,. Bides operating, Mr. Barnes may be col suited hy Interview or letter as to lb treatment of animals. For details readers are referred to bis business notice. Tub Baptists in Gympie have made rapid progress siuce tbe£commenceuient of tbeir new mission there twelve months ago. PaBtor Bonser was at Gympie on Monday night, nnd the people there were properly conHtituted into a Baptist Church. More than 30 members are already on the roll, and the future of the work there is very promising. Mr. A. G. Welter has been unanimously invited to become their first pastor. Over £80 have been collected aud promised for a new church there during tbe past six months. The chief point upon wbicb tbe Baptists differ from other Christian churches uow in Gympie is tbat of Believer's Bantism, Tbe Maryborough and Gympie Evange UU is a neat little monthly paper, pub lished in these parts to promote the wel fare of the Baptist community. ' Mb. Barnes of New York' and the ' Mystery of a Hansom Cab' are titles now very familiar to readers of sensa tional liteaature. Tbe public of Marybo rough are shortly to be afforded an oppor tunity of witnessing the dramatised ver sion, of these works, as a good company, who have been 'doing tbe north' for some mouths past moBt successfully, will open bere ou Saturday night in one of the pieces. Financial success and popular appreciation has attended tbe company throughout the trip, and the season in Maryborough for three uiglits should prove a very enjoyable one. There will be a change of programme each nigbt, aud the fine comedy the 'Strategist' will also be produced. At a special meeting of tbe Grammar School TruBteea last evening, Messrs. Hyde (chair), Harrington, Morton and Noakes beiug present, five tenders were opened for tbe erection of a lodge at the GirlB Grammar School, and the matter was left with two of the committee to decide to-day. PlanB were also received from Mr. Ferguson, tbe Superintendent of School Buildings, for the proposed ex tension to the Boys Grammar School, These were also referred to the same com mittee, Messre. Harrington and Noakes It was announced that the entrance scholarship of 12 guineas h«d been awarded to Miss Irene Barton, late of Mies Sykes' school, and it was regretted that the remainder of tbe candidates did not a tain the required number of marks, We draw attention to the following analysis Laboratory or Ihe Public Analyst, Maryboro(j£b, Queensland. 3rd April, 1S6S. Analytical Certificate for Meesbs. Hiiknnan and Geraghtv. 1 hereby certify tbat 1 bave made a full Analysis of your Quinine Wine, of which I give tbe following particulars:— The Wine has a specific gravity of 1*670, and has a 7.67 of alcehol by weight, or 17 16 parts of prool spirit by measure In the 101) parts. The wine is thoroughly well fermented, free from anyaciditydue toacetlcacld, andcontaiuB Sulphate of Q,ulnlne, 0 516 of a grain In each ounce, or a fraction over a grain to eacu wluc glatsfull, thus a little over balf the slrengLk of tbe wlneol tbe Pharmacopla. There are no deleterious materials to be found In it by analysis. DANIEL March, Ph.D., Public Analyst, in tbe Municipality of Mary borough, Queensland. The Maryborough Newspaper Com pany sued tbe Jubilee directors yesterday for services rendered, and obtained a verdict. We draw attention to the case because it is of some interest. Tbe Jubilee owners were not registered as a company, and tbe verdict of tbe Police Magistrate thus clearly sets forth tbat individually nud collectively, members of committees aud directories of unregis tered bodies, ere responsible for tbe ex penditure they incur on behalf of tbe wbole corporation, whether mining or otherwise. The election of three members for No. 2 Hubdivisiou of tbe Granville Board took place yesterday, closing at 4 o'clock. At half-past 4 the Returning Officer an nounced the following result: — Charles Eve, 31 ; Richard Heath, 30 ; Rasmus Albert Boye, 18 ; David Gardner, 13. There were 32 voters altogether. The three first named were declared duly elected. Tbe first meeting of tbe new Board will take place on Wednesday next, at noon, when a Chairman will be elected for tbe eusuing year. Granville is now a perfect Paradise, as it bas botb Adam and Eve to watch over its interests. It seemed strange, however, tbat tbe ratepayers should bave thrust out Lheir only Gardner candidate, perhaps, however, tbey saw tbe serpent in his boots. It may now be expected tbat Adam and Eve will sit upon Heath under tbe Fig-tree Hotel In two guinea suf ts, purchased from another member of tbe corporation. Thb Musical Union had a rehearsal of tbe cantata ' Sylvia ' in the Town Hall last night, preparatory to producing it before an audience on Friday night. Tbe choruses were very well rendered, and though some of tbe soIob were not so satisfactory there is still time for improve ment before the uigbt of tbe concert. We draw attention to a personal re quest nnde by Mr. Alex. Costello, of Bris bane, iu our business columns. Mr. Costello Ib so widely know in southern Queensland in connection with tbe A.M.P. Society, tbat be deems it advis able, under present circumstances, to publish the request. With regard to tiie proposed Blake's pump for tbe Waterworks, tbe Water works Committee have n.ot yet met to dlscuBs tbe matter, ss promised to the Mechanics deputation on Tuesday, but no doubt It will be attended to this week. The passengers booked for Mary borough by tbe Orient liner Oruiuz, which left Plymouth ou February 2ml, are tbe Hon. A. H. Wilson, Mrs. Wilson, Miss Stupart, uud Miss M. M. Weild. In connection with the Maryborough Flour Mill, we understand that -tbo pro visional committee have drawn up » prospectus, which wiii be put before the publio shortly. Rkcause It is true, and because there Ib mucb economy of truth lu connection with 'the advertised merits of various brands of Lager Beer, everybody in cor dial ty invited to attest the assertion fear leBsly made about Clausen's New York Champagne Lager Beer. It Is absolutely tbe best and purest. We have regular consignments of the best French and Euglish confectionary, from 2s. 6d, per lb. ; colonial goods, from 4d. per lb,; ice creum nnd all kinds of ice drinks ; lovely tea or wine lunch, for Ou. Elijah Watson, Pioneer WiueSbop. A genuine! source of health Wofto'* Schnapps, Teg news tbat W. J. O'Connor, tbe champion of America, Ir coming to Australia to row H. E. Searlu for the world's championship, hae caused cunul derablesBtiBfaotinn in aqualioclrolen. We liave not had a big race ou the l'nrra inatta for Borne time, A contest between O'Connor and Searle would creat tremen dous excitement, and those who take an interest in ^professional rowing are earnestly hoping that these twoscullers will measure blades on the Parramata within thejnext few months. O'Conner is matched to row Qaudaur early in March and if be beats tbe man who rowed Beach euoli a terrlffle race be will leave 'Frlncn for Sydney on tbe 7th proximo. It is be lieved tbat there will be no difficulty In arranging a race between the Canadian and our champion. The following para graph regarding O'Connor's intentions uppeareU In an American journal of late -iate:-'It will be remembered that William O'Connor, champion oarsman of America, sent a challenge to Searle, champion of the world, to row him for l be championship either at California or nt London, England, and for 6000dol. or lO.OOOdol. a side. We learn from a tele urram in the San FrannUco Chronicle of 15th January that O'Connor, accom panied by bis trainer, George Lee, will leave Toronto for California, where be hopes to meet Searle ; but should Searle decide not to come to America then O'Conner will start for Australia, where he will row Searle for tbe championship. W. W. Buddock. the boatbuilder, bas just completed a boat for O'Conner to be used in tbe coming race, which may be classed as a marvel in tbe line of shells. Her dimensions are— Length, 31ft. Sin. ; beam, lliln. ; depth, 6Jin. ; aft, l|in. ; forward, 2Jlu. ; keel camber, lgin. aft ; forward 2in. She is rigged with Meansey rollers and Davis rowlocks and shoes, with cold-draw ii steel seamless pipe outriggers, and will weigh, fully rigged, about 27}lbs. The Bureau Veritas has just published their list ot Maritime Disasters for November, 18SS, from which we take tbe following Sailing vessels reported lost American 11, Austrian 1, British 51, Danish 13, Dutch 6, French 11, German 25, Greek 3, Italian 4. Norweigan 44. Portugese 1, Russian 7, Swedish 8 total 185, including 6 reported missiug. Steamers reporled lost — American 1, British 17, Duicb 2, French 2, German 1 : totaj 23, Causes of losses : Sailingvessels —Stranding 111, collision 13, fire 3, foundering 10, abandoned 29, condemned 13, miBsing 6. Steamers— Stranding 11, collision 4, foundering 6, abandoned 1, condemned 1. The Governmeut recently called for tenders in England for tbe manufacture of 15 locomoiives. Tbe contract bas been placed with Mes9rH. Nasmyth and Wilson the price being £IG0U each, free ou board id Lindon, five 10 be delivered in four mouths, and the remainder four months later. The reason for placing this con tract in England id that tb03e under con struction in the colony will not be delivered uutil November next, and it has been fouud necessary to get some of tbe locomotives delivered before tbat time. A German line of steamers direct from Hamburg to Australia is about to be started, the vessels employed will be of. tbe highest clas^ This new euterprise shows tbat tbe Germans are fully alive to tbe importance of tbeir trade with this part of the world, and do not intend to loose their hold of it under any circum stances. The poll for the election of two audi tors for the Widgee Divisional Board, which closed on Friday, resulted in tbe election of Messrs. W. Windley and A. R. Ranson, the voting being — W. Wind ley, S3 ; A. R. Ranson, SI ; S. Shepherd, 56; F.C.Walker, 48; A. Colles, 37; in formal, 24. The tensile strength of a wet rope is only one- third tbat of the same rope when dry, and a rope saturated with grease or soap is weaker still, as tbe lubricant per mits thefibres to slip with greater facility. Hemp rope contracts considerably on being wetted, and a dry rope 25ft. long will shorten to 24ft. on being wetted. Earthquake shocks were experienced around Emsworth- common, Hampshire. A horse and cart were visibly shaken, and two men were nearly thrown to the ground. A singular phenomenon was tbe noise caused by the violent rustling of the trees. In County Cork a large por tion of a pasture Held disappeared, leav ing a deep chasm, An aged man missed bis way Dear Sun derland and was found frozen to death, leaving a widow aged 102. 