NEEDLES= "Short, Sharp, Shiny." Rinks. Cricket. Theatre. Baseball. Warmish. Switchback. Toboggan rink. Cowen coming. "On 'Change." Strasburg" clock. Sit in your bones. Maori war dances. Fireworks on Monday. Norwoods v. Adelaides. Victoria all out for 152. Sunday concert, Glenelg. A new piece at the Royal. Music at Glenelg to-morrow. North Adelaide v. Adelaide. Baseball clubs being formed. Sonth Adelaide v. Hindmarsh. Broken Hill run, 78,000 ounces. Disastrous cyclones in America. Rather warm weather for cricket. The Mudholiana are energetic now. Brooklyn city reduced to darkness. Niagara suspension-bridge wrecked. Enormous loss of life in Pennsylvania. More buildings destroyed at Pittsburg. Another gem by the Comedy Company. Three gasometers exploded in Brooklyn. "Excelsior" Band at Glenelg on Sunday. Another protest against Sir Henry Blake. Official opening of the switchback railway. United States Samoan squadron reinforced. A musical treat in store for the Adelaideana. The Colonial Office confirm Mong How's story. Cardinal Manning specially honored by the Pope. Lord Kimberley sneers at colonial liking for a peer. The Jamaica people don't want Queensland's leavings. Beckervaise and his performing Maoris on Monday. Mr. Speight has left Victoria on a trip to England. Ship Benan wrecked off Point Coates, De- cember 30. Jaka Kilrain has challenged Peter Jackson for March. Dr. Symon, a specialist, deprecates too much specialism. There's no room for N.S.W. at the Paris Exhibition. A sepoy tried to shoot the Ameer of Afghanistan. Dibbs has formed a new Ministry in New South Wales. Now then, cricketers, patronise the Oval this afternoon. Exhibition building to be redecorated for Monday night. Sir 'Enery professes to be glad to retire into the Opposition. Don't you think you could forecast the weather to-day? An inspired German press urges the annex- ation of Samoa. The case against the Mayor of Clonmal has been adjourned. More charges against Irish members under the Crimes Act. Donald Carrie's new steamer made 13 knots on her trial trip. A silkmill and a railway-station collapsed at Reading, U.S.A. The Electric Sugar Refining Company have lost their charter. Terraces at the Exhibition to be thrown open on Monday. The Dominion Premier discredits the Chinese immigration scare. Jack Creswell is raking in the dollars on tin switchback railway. Rev. E. Hastings leaves England by the Oroya on March 21. Band discourses classical music at Glenelg on Sunday afternoon. Lord Brassey thinks federation is not only de- sirable but inevitable. McLean Bros., Rigg, & Co.'s employés have formed a baseball club. National Bank of Zealand declared a 5 per cent. interim dividend. Evening dress skating party at the Exhi- bition rink on Monday. The New York Supreme Court have dealt a blow at the trust system. The Port committee know how to treat the Railway Commissioners. Want said Parkes's dying wail was neither decent, sweet, nor proper. Mr. Gladstone's speech at Birmingham was recorded in a phonograph. Count Hatzfeldt is going to see Salisbury about Morier and Bazaine. Madame Jaffa will give some piano recitals in the Town Hall next week. The Railway Commissioners refuse to grant free passes to trade delegates. Glenelg railway and Glenelg Corporation quarrel left open for seven days. A N.S.W. cricket team is engaged with an eleven picked by Melbourne C.C. Five hundred thousand dollars damage done by the blizzard in Brooklyn alone. The drought in England should prove a good thing for our farmers and squatters. Who was responsible for the late hour of meeting of the Glenelg Corporation? Some difficulties are arising over the Kilrain and Sullivan match in New Orleans. Railway Commissioners visited Port Ade- laide on Friday re locomotive workshops. Archibald Forbes says the charge against Sir Robert Morier is "inherently groundless." Dave Buchanan accused Sir 'Enery of having selected men who were scandalous and corrupt. Cricketing Association have decided to admit the rising generation without charge to club matches at the Adelaide Oval. Railway Commissioners entertained at the Port Town Hall after their arduous inspec- tion. A former Colonial Secretary states that Lord Kintore has no experience whatever of the colonies. The Standard says there will be a good open- ing for Australian wheat and wool in English markets this year. Glenelg Railway Company to be requested to discontinue running their trains up the streets of Glenelg. Messrs. Wm. O'Brien, J. R. Cox, and D. Kilbridge bave been charged with inciting tenants to resistance. Lord Kintore accepted the Governorship of South Australia to retrench his expenditure— so says Earl Kimberley. The United States Government don't think their interests in Samoa are sufficiently im- portant to justify them in a dispute with any other Power. The Chamber of Commerce Journal advocates the granting of autonomy to Western Aus- tralia on the condition that the colony receives 1,500,000 immigrants in 15 years. Mr. Gent-Davis, M.P., who was sent to goal for not complying with an order of court for the payment of fiduciary funds en- trusted to him, will shortly be released. NOTEWORTHY SAYINGS. Care will kill a cat.—George Wither. First weigh, then venture.—German Pro- verb. Vessels large may venture more, But little boats should keep near shore.—Franklin. The nobler the blood; the less the pride.— Danish Proverb. Young men soon give and soon forget affronts.—Addison. He that climbs the tall tree has won right to the fruit.—Scott. You may as well give a good beating as a bad one.—French Proverb. Give a wise man a hint and leave him to not. —Italian Proverb. Do not think that years leave us and find us the same!—Owen Meredith. My life and soul are at your service, but not my packsaddle.—Spanish Proverb. Threads do not break for being fine, but for being ill-spun.—Portuguese Proverb. WORTHY books Are not companions—they are solitudes. We lose ourselves in them and all our cares.—Bailey. If a book come from the heart it will con- trive to reach other hearts; all art and author- craft of small account to that.—Carlyle. No might nor greatness in mortality Can censure 'scape; back-wounding calumny The whitest virtue strikes.—Shakespeare. In the music of silence there are a thousand variations; not in the knowledge of things without, but in the perfection of the soul within lies the empire of man. Reverie is not thought, though many people mistake it for thought. Thought is systematic, reverie is disjointed and fragmentary. Thought is laborious; reverie is the reverse. 