LOCAL NEWS. The following particulars of tbe fatal gun accident near Tiaro have 'beeu furnished us The many friends of Mr. aod Mrs. Andrew Jessen of GoorahFarm, upper Mary River, will read with regret tbe loss of their second eldest son Christian, accidentally shot on Sunday last by Mr. Johu Kenna of Gympie Biil way Station. The unfortunate boy left home on Sunday morning in company with his elder brother Frederick, a mail named Kettlewell, aud Kenna, to go wallaby shooting in a patch of thick scrub a little down the river. He was at first refused permission to accompany the three men, but bo seemed so anxious to go that tbey allotted him permission to do ho. Oil arriving at the scrub they all lauded from the boat. Tbe decefced's brother Frederick going in one direction, Kettlewell in another, and Kenna and Christian in another. The boy wished to accompany Kettlewell, hut was objected to, Kettlewell being frightened that he (tbe boy) would frighten tbe wallabys. They all then separated, butjudgiug by the number of shot which werediscovered in his body Christian could not have beeu far away when Kenna fired, as he says, at a wallaby. He next saw the deceased coming slowly towards him, and said 'Jack you have shot me,' he then fell aud expired, death claimiug himquickly, Kenna called out for tbe other two mail who came and assisted iu helping to carry the body across the river to Mr. Bunde sen'a house, wbero Constable Kiog examined it, and took al] tbe necessary particulars. Acoflin was at ouce mad.; by sympathising ueighhours, deceased enclosed, and conveyed across to Mr. Jensens. This funeral was very largely atteuded next forenoon, Monday, at 11 o'clock, tbe Rev. Mr. Wilkinson from Tiaro performing the last rites for the dead. A Danish hymu was sung at tlie house, aud another, besides Church of England hymns st tba grave, a pretty spot oil Mr. Jesseu's farm. Tim sad aflair has oust n great gloom over the re sidents here, beiug so sudden, and tbe deceused so well-known aud liked, be beiug a pupil of the D 'borah Provisional School. The necessary enquiry will be held iu Tiaro shortly, before His Worship the Police Magistrate. TUB crew to represeut Maryborough at the Brisbane Regatta to come off on the 10th, left by the Konoowarra this morn ing. The crew are, P. Stollznow (bow), S. Adam, 2; J. Mactaggurl, 3 ; aud D. Mactaggart, stroke. They are iu good condition, and should give a creditable account of themselves. The old ' Alma' with which the championship ofQueeijs laud lias been wou, and held for Mary borough oftener than any other boat, will carry ths crew to the winning post. Besides the Champion aud Senior Fours ; the Mactaggart Brothers will row in the Senior Pairs; Adam aud Stollznow lu the Double ScuIIb, Ad»m and Westphall (who is also going down) will have a shot at the Junior Double Sculls. With regard to tiie long postponed private match, Pair Oars, between Winter aud Hughes, and the Mjctaggarts, for a trophy, we understand the result of the Senior Pairs lu which they will meet will be taken as couclusive, mid decide tbe ownership of the prizs. Johnston of Bundaberg, the winner of tho Champion Sculls, on the Mary last May, will also attend the Bris bane Regatta, and compete In the Champion and Senior Sculls. The Hon. C. Powers, Postmaster General, having been duly returned as member for the Burrum, left by the Konoowarra early this morning for Brisbane, to assume his duties as Post master General and Minister for Public Instruction. KNaLJflnMtfN tteoiclimeo. Irishmen, aad America UH ultdrlnic Wolfe'^ocbooppB, The: Wesley Churoh Bazaar opens at | the Town Hall to-day, tbe Mayor per forming the ceremony of starting tbe show nt. 3.30 p.m. The bazaar will be continued oil Friday and Saturday, und It would be mh well to make it clearly understood that it is being got up on. behalf of the Wesleyan parsonage. The residence of the Rev. Mr. Wiuspear is not such that bis parishioners should feel satisfied with. In fact, quite the con trary, aud It is quite certain that those wbo wish to give a deceut home to their spiritual pastor will muster strongly during the occaslou. Tbe admlsBiou will be Is., and there has been collected together a splendid assortment of goods for purchase. Iu the evenings the mili tary baud will be in atteudance, and other music in the form of songs from some of tbe local talent, will be given. Besides these there will be some attrac tive side shows, und we have no doubt that such an attractive bazaar, arranged for so good a work, will attain the object sought for. At the Police Court yesterday, iu two cases where labouring men with wives and families, and ouly earning about 30s. a week, were sued for good amounts for drinks supplied, the P.M. took the oppor tunity of making a fete remarks against the practice of supplying drink to men ou credit beyond their meaus. Iu the cases in questiou, he said be would ad journ them for a week, and if the men's wives would come aud make au affidavit that there was nothing iu their houses to satisfy tbe judgment, except the clothes and beddiug, he would then stay tbe judgment, aud not rob the wives aud children of tbe little they had got, and iu future in every case like this where a labouring man is supplied with liquor beyond his means, he certainly would not sit aud eutcr a judgment against them. A meeting of the Women's Christian Temperance Uuiou was held in the Wesley School room ou Monday evening, and was well atteuded. The iadies re ported visiting the hospital, and dis tributing during the lust mouth 57 bunches of flowers. Mrs. Groundwater and Miss O'Brien visited the depot, and were well pleased with tSieir reception by the immigrants Tue Uuiou decided to give prizes iu connection with an ex amination ou ' Miss Price's Text Book,' to he held not earlier thau March. We have received the iniuutes of the fourth annual conventions of ibis Union, which shews plaiuly the wide influence und good work performed by the organiza tion. The usual monthly Licsusing Court was held yesterday, before G. L. Lukiu, E-q., P.M., P. Breunau aud D. Clark*;. Esqrs., JJ.P., wheu the following ap plications were dealt with : — Application tor transfer — Albert Lilley to Francis Iiz stein, Boyal Hotel, Kent street j'grauttd. Application for bagatelle License — Heury Fraucis Francis Griffiths, Ballarat Hotel, Ellena street ; granted. The following auctioneers licenses were granted : — C. P. Chrisioe, H. A, Brett, W in. H. Purser, Win. Greeu, Win. Soutbcrdeu and Frederick Bryant. The usual weekly sittings of the Petty Debts Court were held yesterday before G. L. Lukin, Esq., P.M., wheu th« fol lowing caseB were decided Unde fended : George Eales, assignee of the book debts of Gardner aud Co., v. James Greer, goods sold, £1 0s. Gd.; judgment for the plaintiff with 4s. costs of court. Same v. F. G. Jones, goods sold, £2 19s. 3d.; judgment for thx plaintiff with 9s. costs of court. W. F. Kruger v. Mrs. Houston, goods sold, £8 16-j. 8J.; judg ment for the plaintiff' with 7a. costs of court. The Butchers' Association held their monthly meetiug last night iu the Labor Hall. The Gympie butchers have gained a point on tue Maryborough butchers, us they have tbe balf-holiday every week all the year round, whereas the butchers iu this towu have it only iu winter. The new beacous iu Sandy Straits, that were blown down in the tremendous storm of Friday last, are being tem porarily- replaced, but the lighting up of the straits will probably be delayed by reason of the mishap. A. man named Alexander M'Keruke, while sawing oil' a bullock's n»rus at Tiaro, gave bis arm n gash about four inch's Itn;;. He was ir.-afed at the hospital, aud is now doing well. Tue new crane is stiii idle aud useless awaiting repaitd, while tbe n.d crane might break down :ig liu buy minute for lue waiitofau overbiiui. Hnw yer, tbe coal trade just now is remarkably slack. A fire broke out at the Tinuuu Saw mill early on Tuesday morning. Tue side of a tilled was burnt, hut iu other damage doue. Those requiring to make arrangements for space for Christmas advertisements will kindly call in as early as possible. A GLEAN sheet was presented at tiie Police Court yesterday. A campaign against that soothiug and sustaining beverage, tea, lias been begun by M. Daryl, alias Grousset, whose pessi mistic lucubrations may possibly have the effect of Irightening the fair French votaries of the fragrant leaf. Tea, very weak aud sometimes extremely insipid, has beeu forsoiue time fashionable mou daines of Paris, and to follow 1[. Daryl's reasoning, as applied to Euglish tea drinkers, it may be made responsible for the besetting abuse of morphine. The French writer( asserts boldly that iu England lei is responsible for the pre vailing vice of drunkenness, forit excites to a craving for stimulants stronger tbau itself. Captain Smith, of the steamer Konoowarra, has staled that very little damage was doue to that vessel by the collision with the Uaoelagb, He denies emphatically thai, his vessel could not be controlled, but slates that ou the contrary be wasgiviugthe Rauelugb a wide beitli. Tbe collision occurred oft Rocky Poiut, and wheu the vessels struck he was only Soft, from tbe bluck huoy, leaving nearly 200ft. between bis vessel and Hie shore for the Ranelagb to pass in. The only damage done lo tbe Konoowarra is a hole above the hawse-pipe, Clausen's New York Chauipsgne Lager Beer is the safest, surest, end best t of lie ever introduced to the public. It is til* perfection of a gentle stimulant, aud a mild, b-ilu-y, luvigorator. A heoulak meeting of tbe Masonic Lodge, Unity and Concord, 292, l'.C., will take place this (Thursday) evening, at 7.30 o'clock, in the Masonic Hull. All brethren are cordially invited to attend. Doonan and Hanlev beg to inform the Ladies aud gcueral Public that their slouk ib now quite complete and fully assorted with all the latest novelties for the season. During the past week many new lines have been put forward, that have just arrived by tlie mail steamers. Inspection Invited. There's nought in life tint's half so nice as Love's Young Dream,' with the exoention, If I must be quite candid, of the first Club HouBeCigtu' whiffed away in tbe enthusiain of youth. % Exhausted unt.ure KlgnlnoB by xymiiloinB Ihftt nfte needs ntii ani succour. Una Wollo'e Ht-'baappFi. 