LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS. R&senthal; ' ijoARD. -'The' otiairinai fltt' board (Mr. Ja?. Mcintosh) has received a coni> tauhlcatlon from Mr. W. Allki, 'Mj*A<, 'stating that' the Premier has' 'granted! thp temporary use-of the old Cturt-house forthe purposes of meetings.. , . : 7 ». l N*w UNDEH COWNLU. . SECUETABT.r-The Government have decided to appoint Mr, William Edward Parry-Qkeden as .Under Colonial Secretary in succession to Mr. R.. J1. Gray, who has been appointed a Railway Commissioner. A Wakm PROCESS.-An inebriated bushman named McClory, while indulging in a " spree? i at Mullala (S,A.) last week, poured brandy on , his clothes and then set fire to himself. The clothing was burnt off his body, and McClory was severely injured, but in spite of tliip.he managed to crawl into the township. The chaucos are th.it the inceudiary regrets his rush act. WAKDEN'S COURT. - An application was made to the gold warden*on Wednesday last on behalf of the Just-in-Time P.C. Gold Miniug Company for partial exemption at the company's mine for a period of three months. Kvidcnce was taken in support of the applica tion, and forwarded to the Minister for Mines for report, with no recommendation as to granting or otherwise. CorasiNG.-A meeting was held at the School of Arts on Wednesday eve sing last for tin purposelof settling matters kuftdi&iectioa; with the Cunningham Cup, recently compete^ for at Glengallan. There .was a good attend* anco, the chair being occupied by Mr. C. U{ Daveney. The prises paid over were as fob low:-Uk Cleatv (Kight), £46 and Cup ; Ji Doran (Banshee), £10; w. Deacon (Venus), £7; C. B. Davcncy (Qui-Hi), £5; T. Phelan (Skip), £5. A vote of thankB was passed to the judge, Mr. M. S. Smith, for the efficiency with which he discharged his duties. A vote of thanks was also passed to Mr. Slade for his kiiidnoBS in allowing the use of Glengallan for the coursing. It was agreed to holu the next 1 meet at Talgai, provided permission was gran ted by Mr. Clark for tho purpose. The secro* tary was instructed to communicate with Mr. Clark and ascertain if he would bo agreeable lu allow the courses to be run on hta property. The prises will consist of sweepstakes of JB1, limited to twenty-five, and will be apportioned as follows t-T'lst prize, £\2; 2nd, £0; 3rd, £4 ; 4th, £3. It was decided to communicate witli Mr. David Holmes, asking hint to accept the position of judge. Entries will be received i up to August 5, and tho draw will take place i .he saiuo night. 1 ' NEW PAYMASTER.-Mr. G. H. Parmintcr has succeeded Major Mollish aa p&ymasUir; of the Queensland Def#i«Tjj(^>e. , r:.~ ^.StApaHrWinKi IflqENsfe;-^-A i^ujhtejrfag fligbse t^'grant^d tolhptM 'Man#ff<®Ba Vale, by the Polico Magistrate on Tuesday last. _ I^OOTOALL.--A match was played between teams from the Kastand West Schools yostcr day 'afternoon, the' result being b tie, both iMfll fftTlflg A pnlntfl. . - ? ? . . A MISER.-A man named Murphy, _who wos found dead at Braidwood (N.S. W.) on Tues day last from the effects of starvaUon,-had ft ? bank deposit slip on his person representing the modest sum of £560. Redemitohibt MISSION. - Tho Gympie tfiner states that fully 2000 persons were pres ent at the Borvio0:conducted in that town on Sunday bust by Fathers Hagerty and Mangan, of the Order of Redcmptorists. NEW IMMIORATIOH Aokht.-It it stated that tho position of Immigration Agent, rendered vacant by the appointment of Mr. W. E. Parry-Okeden to the post of Under Colonial Secretary,'will be offered to Mr. F. VV. Gallo way, at present clerk of petty sessions at Ip-, swich. SCHOOL OF ARTS.-The half-yearly, meeting of subscribers to the Warwick School of originally fctfuttinotfd tb tie fad! in'lh* room on the 26th instant, has been adjourned foThi^asyflke lstproiimo, ite order togvoid (Xashirib jTitCMiss YoD'FinVeUtein'a Ui*ure delivered in the.Iowa HaU(.lnjt^Tijj»rj<J»jr, evening. '' V* seen by advertisement, the Rev. W. B. Frackleton, U.A., LJL.B. (of Sydney), will deUver i lectm^, under tho mipkM tl^c^ land," ta tile local Presbyterian Churoh, on Monday, Augusts. The lecturer's well-known ability ought .to ensure a large attendance. THE WKATHER.-Sinoe our last the weather has been somewhat Tollable. On Thursday a j couple o! heavyshowera fell, which yur)u>A j the streets, Which had almost recoveredJH»e effects of the previous week's r»Ui, inloaelnMiy condition. The rainfall registered at Witvrfcfc was 83 points, it Allora, 82, and at Stan. thorpe.SS. Yesterday a biting westerly wind blew, and the atmosphere was anything but agreeable. p.y.M. Ooilb.-The weekly meeting was held on Wednesday evening last, and was well attended. Speeches (the subjects of which were drawn for) were given by the following members:-Mr. H- Williams, "GnimbUng-, Mr. R. Bhilliday, " Pride Mr. H. Hough ton, "Idleness;" Mr. F. _J. Kingrfprd,' .' Dansingi'fiWr. W. tt. Hyslop, "Siaperity ;' . anil "the 1'resilient (the Re*'. C. J. Legate), . ? Kindness." Tbe speakers handled their sub jects in a masterly manner, and wore Wftnnly applauded. MR. C. TEITZEL'b Winhs. - Daring the week Mr. C. Tcitzel left at this offico several bottles of " dry" and " wet" wine, which was made from grapes grown at his own vineyard. Both varieties of the juice of the grape had a very '1 dronflity," eSeot, &a;£ it ww not i long before the two samples bad been put toa very trying test. Our oonnoisseur pronounced them to possess a good body, ana just the sort of draught to brace one up after a day a exertion. Tb»wlj»<«pbmittal foiyjawjjei to said to havepee* Qxtf yeafcjold. W14 W# set's pr«dnct*houW«ommtad» reaJflaB, ak it is oqual to many compound^ thatviye now iW»il Uab tea wines of 4 lUBeisaperttr class. h4 to Poue-BKED Fowia-ilr. VV* ,.W* VfaP>®T - of the Downs feta⦤' 'Hotel, ;hai recently' become possessed of several choice specimens of pure-bred fowls. Amongst these are a pair of brown Leghorns, from the celebrated poultry farm of Walter Hono, of Liverpool, N.8.W. Tbey are excellent birds, being highljr brM> and should provjja most valuable apanMtiop to the strain otrllre^Qiitoy yards In town^ They have been successful -»-c»frylug off prizes down south. Mr. Warner pas" juso. \ pair of Houilans, which arc also priiie-wiqtieflp. They are really pictures in thamselvhs., ; ^ THE greatest bargainsofiered thisX^easdp-\ 6000 yards of ooloqped Oriental .Lacesbe cleared out at 2s M per doren yards, at H. Benjamin & Co.'s.-{ADVT.J Oddfellowship.-The hall-yearly meeting of the Darling Downs District of the Manchester Unity Independehtdrdi^Od^f<)llo#kW»«held ia the Od&relMws;'Hkii o£ i'hurwUyjlast. The officers of the District present 'ww-Provin cial GribdMifter InWood/Depaty Provincial Grand Muter MarBson* and l&vinoM; Corre mSjlnftpeureffffiHMfcffl.liThe Uiowing JfoHifcwirt rejHM}M)«ttBfo »t M&rwick;, I 'byV.P.G.'M. flitcroft ttod P.O. Wightman: sz&tsns;^&stt;&sz; ©vmbt? WMSflSgjB; Rigby; Link of Friendship, by P.G. Meyer. ?Mt Qqand wu chesoHtyler for the meetlpg,; t lev(M tOi; the^rarloot! funds for tho ensuing half-year were fixed at the same as last half-year. The business principally ? waa of a routine-oharacter. The^visltiiig om-' cers and delegates were entertained by their Warwick brethren at lunch at the Imperial I 'Hotel, where » Mttbtoftu* .preod bad been Sid out in Mr. O'Hajon'a usually 'good style. J H. A. C. B. Sooiktt.-The half-yearly meeting of St. Joseph's Brebch No. 163 was held in the Hlbrrnian Hall on the 24th in 'stant Bro. J. Allman occupied tho ohair. The election of officers for the eiutalng six mouths took place with the following result: -Bro. Cunningham-president j Jas. Barry, vice- president j Bro. Jas. Helion, re-elected treasurer; Bros. Thos. Broderick and M. Uergin, sick visitors; Bro. P. O'Brien, Guardian; Bro. J. Devlin, warden; Bros, oseph Healy and John Collins, auditors; Bit>. P. Connolly, re-elected secretary. The 'installation of officers then took place, the ubwly-eleot then thanking the brotherhood for the honor conferred aud promising to do all .in their power from an- honourable point of view to further, the -best- interests of tho society. .Votes of thanks wece passed to Past 1 PrcsidontS Bros. J. Healy and J. Allman for their very warm interest ill the progross of thu branch, which was suitably acknowledged. The auditors, Bfoe. Jojin Healy, junr., and 'Jas. Barry, were also iucludod in the votes of thanks, which were duly acknowledged in suitable teim!" The ? secretary read the balance-sheet, .which showed tho soaiety to be in a most heathy condition, being only six years in'exlstence and shpwlng thajialance of ^aets $tfcr Haljilities Mile CGB8, which augurs well for the future progress of this branch. .Four now candidates were .proposed Tor membeMhty. The meeting then closed in tfte usual manner. ' Tun " CONQUEROR" SIIEABS are warranted beat In ttt« "mdriUit; T. K. (SHAKE*, stent. Sydney,-{AD VT.], ' ' ( (l'? I, ^ " Ro trail ON COBNS."-Ask for Wells' 'Rough on Corns." Qubkrelief,complete,DBT ffiftaont'euTC. >Cenn,',%artv bupjoaa, At ehenflfcU and 'druggllta. GKTOUT OFDOOUS-TTHO closo confinement of all factory work gives the operatives'pallid faccs poor appetite, languid, miserable feelings, poor blood, inaotii'e liver,' kidney anil urinary troubles, and all the physicians and medicine iu the world oannot help tliem unless they cec nut of float's or use Dr. Soule's American Hop llitk-ra, the purest and best remedy, especially for such cases, having abundance of hoaltli, sunalifaio, aud rosy cheeks in them. They cost but a trifle. 800 another column. Chrii'mu llccorlcr. DANISH INDIGNATION.-Some short time fgo a Mr. Piotzcker was appointed Danish consul at Brisbane. The Danish reshl^ate'ithen o)>y jnoted to the appointment, and thu ja jto be ' ' lowed up by an abjection oiK|hkWH.of Danish population of Maryborough, who ill with their metropolitan countrymen that tl , Danish oonsul should be a nativo of Denmark? THE ELUOW VALLEY MAILT-Mr. wrAlian, M. L.A., writes sa follows:-" For the infor mation of yb'ur eAnstlttacnca of Iibcky Valley .and South1 -nnnlng liowos, -will V"" plgnltf W good enough to insert in your columus a local stating that I have scon the Postmastor- tieneral in regard to making the ElbowValley-Warwick Eoftal aervicc three times a wtefc instead ofas erclofore twice a weok, *I'afn>gtad 4o-eay he has gran tod this request." FOOTBALL.-The Caxton# try #ouc\uilonb with a team pickcd from the newly-formed South-Eastern club this afternoon in a pad dock at the south-east of Canning-Btreeb ; The Caxtons will be picked from the follow- i ing Messrs. Frank (oapt.), Mclnnes (2), Fenwick, Sterne, Nally, Ferguson, Lamb, Walcott, Longwill, Troyhan, French, Con nors, McKenna, Taggart, and Qrelner. South-Eostern-Messrs. Collins (2), Walter, 1 Bach, Wilson (2), Morgen, SdhnltierUni (2), Warren, Thompson (4), Wolsh, Htcfcfvpoi McKenna, Sterne, Fenwick, and HbwAL Kick-off at 4*16 sharp. POCND PADDOCK AT Killarnky Some th| p»0fpdliy for a. fpgnit'.at KiUar [jiey was brought under notice of the member far the district, Mr. fV. Allan, Mrho Id*, Hrn riijiKsenUd sne ntattorttdLthae tiiamdFin' chargp of the, department, with the result thait tliortQtiest Mi-grantMl . The area of ihp I Lportion .of land reaervedfor ,the purpose is' fXi >KcrW)' iMliwMuh llie. f(Al6ttU$ 'hre this boundaries as set forth in a< rpepot;i»|g)e of, the Government GazetteCommencing at the north-west corner of portion B7v, and bounded 'rflneS^lmlMrShe^y-sir lwlufim 'SSeuwth' by a line bearing east nineteen chains ten liLks | on the east by a road bearing south. nineteen chains ninety-sue links-; and on .the < south by portion 75 bearing west -nlneteep ohains to the point of commenoemenL ?Flod* noli Mnu ON DARLING DO wnb. The following letter bss been handed to Ui forpnbllcation s-'"CommiwionarfcrRailways' Offico, Brisbane, 10th July, 1889. 8ir,<-r£e ferring to the letter dated 13th insb, feigned by Meesn. Barnes, Archibald ft Co.' and others, and to my letter to you df 16th inst, re rate for flour: I have now the honor to inform yon that the Honourable Secre tary for Railways has, under the circumstanced, decided to allow flour manufactured (at <sllb on the Darling Downs) from imported wheat to be charged at some rates aa "flour piauu factured trom wheat grown in Queensland This concession is to reipain ihforoe until . 30th September next^-.J hav$ thobaoor tojw, [.Sir,"your obedient servant; Oom missfoner for Railways. Arthur Morgan, E«i. M.L.A., Brisbane." WARWICK MOPNTED INFANTRY.-Captaib Hutchison write as follows:-"I send yop herewith the latest information in regard tb the formation of a mounted corps in this 'dis trict. . Many of your readers will -thorpfpre ascertain that their ^efvices are Ukply to be accepted." The enclosure is" as follows: "To Capt.' Hutfch|sdn, Whrwiok. Sir,-Mr. Allan instrnctediWtia lulhrtWyoa that the Premier went into the papers oonnectefl with the formation of a monntea oorpa at War wick last week; and he is glad to inform yon JMt Jtr. ^Iorehesj2l stated that is estimates Jrtlnt through aifletias' them ittapresent ar ranged, the WarWicttlnountwr coins will bfe theiirst i£at will beprov^^fyr. , £$gupjtlljr Mr. Aniti'ltoks now <1l ifoit luxompli.-Yours faithfully, CHAS. D. WHITTLE, pro Wm. Allan. Queensland Club,'Brisbane', UtftljOy, 1889." j Recursion RESERVE AT Emo VALE.-Th|s following are the boundaries of the recreation reserve which has recently been granted for the vse of the inhabitants of Emu Vale. Thp area of the reservation is 8 actus 3 roods 3D pertfcskCommencing at a point bearing north and (listant^tw^lre chains and thirty e^ght links fro to tij£AQt$th-e&*t corner of por tion IZl jgtwted on the right bank of Emp Vjreeltr DqurSed jtfence on the west by portion tel bslriA north eight chains anfl fifty-two Ubj on mb north by that portioh baring eaajtfifteen' cnafos and thirteen links ; on the east by lines betting south two chains and sixty links, west njnety-two links, south ninety-seven Jinks, anflfll degrees 10 minutes twenty-eight links; and on the south-east by romfnenwpfnt deposited In the Buneyor-G^i^ruiSjO^ce. ] The Pbimaotio* AOAuiJA.-Aydnejf «d vices of the 24th Instant'Mita'tftatt'tt il 'nii dentood that a deadlMk'b^ wn neotion with thf s^MtjUn <^^' sa({ceSs()^1 the 'l^'THraate; "'.TUii' tKK names aohaait^ijyto«lFBishq of N^StnSh 'Wafa'Wrf'Jth&Mrf; ifWe' - F. J. CheraM&i;'R&v.; R'C. Modle, Sijd t' SummKrei SmltH-'Afew d^ytf s«Ailis' opsVif thi feblony, fqWin n^nAidiy m^t^foi purpiiUi« dMiW^HiW'oFffiikSfnam^ should be siAtnitntl ra' the BUb'ipPw An tralia, with whom the final selection rests. 1 rwufonnd-that two-Bishops wtahad lacattik out the Rev. R. C. Mome and two to exci Canon Smith's name, the result being a deL lock, which toe Synod will meet on the 13tl August to copstder, Meanwhile the nltrs PAtestant section of the Synod are making efforts to bring in an ordinanoe separating they Primaay from the Bishopric of Sydney anfl allowing the Bishops of Australia to seleqt one of their number to act as Primate.' Should this be passed the Synod wUl eleot its own Bishop without reference to the otber> Bishops. T i THE greatest bargains offered this season-i-' 6000 yards of coloured Oriental Laces, to he cleared out at 2s 6d par dozen yards, at H. Benjamin & Co.'s.-[ADVT.] i ROYAL BANK.-Thedaventhhulf-yearly meet ing of shareholders wu held in tha banking house, Brisbane, on Wednesday last, undek the presidency of Mr. W. Williams, the chair* man of direotors. The report read showed that the net profits tor the half-year, after de ducting rebate on bills current, into rent on de posits, providing for bad and doubtful debts, payment of duty on note circulation, writing off on account of bank furniture, fittings, ana stationery, aid expenses in connection with opening new branches, amount to £7666 Ifis 9a; to which' is to be aftded, undivided pro fits from last iii)lfjye»r, £1885 10s lOd; giving for distributor, &162 Qs 7dj which the d£ rtctort irooommenaod to be appropriated as followsDividend for the hail-year at the Tate of 6 ppr cent i)er annum, 47875; balanoe jarfiw forwards £1277 <W 7d. The reports addea that owing to a oomMnatian of adverse circumstances, busts est all over the colony during the hajf-year has been exceptionally depreaud, arid in view of the aftvisableness^of making further provision for bad or doubtful accpunts.tbe directors aro-uuable to recom mend a larger dividend thin';6. Jier cent, ot any present further addition to the reservf fund. The prospects for the future., htwaverj are encouraging (the drought havingbroken Up over the greater portion of the colony gooa seasons inay be looked for, the wool market is steady, uul the yield of gold In trie AiiftralidA colony increasing.1 The dlr^otp»,. thereforej nntiefpato an improved business during the half-year just entorod upon. - In the alscus* sion that followed the reading of the report Hill! baluucc-sheet sumo dissatisfaotiqa was «x- : prussed at the niaiiageinent of 'the bank dur ing the past Bix mouths. ! " nuciio-l'Aiiji."-Quick, compltto, ourei nil annoying Kidney, Bladder, and.'Urinary Diseases. At chemistsand druggists. Elliott Bros. &O.;, Agents, Brisbane. 