I s [from Melbourne Papers ] I I ", ".".',, LONDON, May, 1927, - The Tin kish Government is becoming a jealous of the political activity which is be-: -a ing displayed by the French in Syria. . Miss ' Janet Achurch and Mr. Charles Charrington sail for Melbourne about! the middle of June, under engagement suffer , J Messrs'. " Williamson, ' ' Garner,. and " Music . grove. .»?»?ú across , It (si tumottrcdïthat the report of The iïmeg-Paraell Commission will not be pub- lished until February next. IF I' I I f II ' , », , the witnesses for the defence who have IJ'OCII examined before the commission this, week have been principally priests who are, active members of the National |?wtguó. They declared that the league was not responsible for the outrages that had occurred I in Ireland, which they had denounced from the altar, but they admitted that they had advocated Boycotting. Sir Polydore De Keyser, ex-Lord Mayor of J London, and president of the British committee at the Paris Exhibition, has complained that the gold trophy, in the form of an arch, which has been erected in the Victorian Court, causes dust, and threatens to order that it be pulled down. Hlsintci france is resented, and he has been in iiiindodby Mr. Huybers, the secretary of the Victorian Court, that the space occupied by Victoria is not under the jurisdiction of the British committee, but is pi i vi to ground. The charge preferred against Viscount Mandeville, the eldest son of the Duke of Manchester, of obtaining £1,850 by means of false pretences, was to have been heard to-day. 1 The prosecutor declined to offer any evidence against the defendant. The presiding magistrate, however, refused to allow the case to be thus terminated, and stated his determination to send it to the Public Prosecutor for his consideration. A grand review of troops is to be held at Aldershot during the visit of the Emperor William of Germany to England. Mr. Gainer, the firm of Williamson, Garner, and Musgrove, has purchased the rights for Australia of the opera comique, in three acts,' 'Paul Jones, by Planquotto, which is to be produced in Melbourne next Chris turns ; Miss Clara Melville, the prima donna, replacing Miss Nellie Stewart. The Middlusboroiigh County Council has passed a resolution in favour of the disposal of the dead by cremation. Mr. William E Gladstone, M.P., has been spending the past week in yachting on the coasts of Devon and Cornwall, and during the time "he addressed an immense gathering on the mainland, meeting with an enthusiastic reception. Owing to the abdication of King Milan, the greatest anarchy has prevailed amongst the troops which once owned allegiance to that monarch, but the present sovereign Prince Alexander) has successfully quelled the incipient rebellion. " Fri If is reported here that at a drunken orgie in Washington Territory, US., five persons were shot dead. ' ' ' , Ü Captain Murrill, commander of the British steamer Missouri, who jettisoned portion of his cargo in order to enable him to, take on board the 000 Danish immigrants belonging to', the ship Denmark, which was lately lost in the Atlantic, arrived at Tilbury Docks to day and, in acknowledgment of his humane conduct, was received. with a great ovation. The passengers by the P. and O. Co.'s RM.S. Britannia; which had just arrived from Australia, joined in the cheering. ' ? 