Loss of the Danmark GALLANT RESCUE BY THE - MISSOURI. W; The, gallant conduct recently displayed by the; captain of the steamship ^Missouri in rescuing, in mid-ocean, nearly 700 ship wrecked people who had escaped fiom the disabled steamer Danmark, has claimed the admiration of the whole world. The circumstances of the mishaD to the Dan. mark, the great risks that were faced at imminent peril, and the self- sacrifice of; the crew of the rescuing vessel, are well told in an extract from a letter received by Messera. Williams, Torrey, and Field, agents aof^ the Atlantic * Transport Line, from? the 'captain of the Missouri :— April 20, 1889— Off St. Michael's, Azores— Dear ;sir— I beg to inform you of our arrival d»wn here, and doubtless you have been much astonished at it, but not more vexed than I am. Ou the oth of April, 1-20 p.m, we sighted a steamer flying dis tress signals. W» bore down acid found it was tho Danish steamer Danmark, of Copenhagen, from Copenhagen to New York, with her shaft broken. Her captain had on board G65 passengers and G9 crew. He asked me to take them, but I told him I would tow him, but. could not take the passengers, to which they assented, and al though it was blowing hard and heavy sea on we succeeded in getting a tow rope on board, and turned the vessel round to west ward, holding on all night to her, arid mak ing about one and a half knots against a strong head wind and sea. Several times I thought I should have to slip her, but managed to hold on. At daylight I decided to square away for the Azores, so I signalled to him, and the captain agreed. I squared aways at 7.20 a.m , the wind and sea moder ating. The captain signalled that the vessel was making water, there being 3 feef in' the after hold. - At 9-20 he sig nalled that the . leak was gaining and he* riiust abandon the ship, so I had had to cut this the tow rope and go down to him. , The chief officer came on board and told me'th'at the water had gained 6 inches in an honr, and the weithcr being finer the ciptaiu hud decided to abandon her, and asked me woujd I take them. Of course I could do nothing else, so 1 lowered my boats down, and wilh his seven boats the work commenced, and such a sight I shall never forget. To see the poor souls women and children— coming up was piti able. At 11, the first boat- load cime, all the women and children first, in perfect or der, and afterwards the inen,: until we succeeded in resi-uingthe, whole.; 735 souls without a single accident, although there was a heavy swell which made it dangerous for the boats, to come alongside.' We managed to get some flour and biscuits and meat and tea. The. weather was thick with rain and coming' on dirty, and the glass was falling. All hands were on board at 4-30, the captain being the last man to leave. I went over' the provisions, and found I had about three and a half days' food. I de cided to come to these islands, which I have done, and hope to land the passengers to-morrow. The first night I had to throw overboard the rags in the alleyways, and thj weather coming on so bad I had to 'make sjine room for them, so I decided to ttirow the bales of wool over from No. 1 hatch to make enough room to put some down there. This was done, and we stow ed away nearly 300 men. We then brought up our sailw, awnings, and tarpaulins which we spread aroand for them. We covered the batches on tihe oattle deck up, but the water contiuued to smother every thing aijd although every one on board did their best I never saw such a sight as the daylight showed us. At noon I had to heave for six hours until the wind moderate, and since then we have had fine weather. We have been feeding 53 pas sengers in tlifi cabin and 19 in the messroom. There were 28 cabin paB sengers, the rest being immigrants. I wish to put before you the capital manner in which all isy crew worked — officers, chief engineer, and mate — in fact it would not be fair to pick one or the other. But I really never saw a more willing and hardworking lot of officers in my life. If you get this before my arrival at Phila delphia please cable Messrs. Peter Wright and Sons that I have these people, and ask them to make arrangements with the Thingealla passenger agent to forward all these people on to New York. I trust everything I have done will meet with your approbation in this dreadful time. I ar rived at 9.30. a.m, and they had -had the last meal at 8.30, which was pretty close. The latitude aud longitude of abandon ment was lat. 462 6' N. 39 W. April 6,4, 30 p.m. — Yours respectfully H. Murrkll. The Atlantic Transport line, the owners of the Missouri, have notified to the cargo consignees that they are released from all contributions arising from the jettisoning of part of the cargo to make room for the Danmark's p f-engers. They have a!os notified Captain Murrell of their approval of his conduct. 