&\\)c ê>pïm?)) aïlonung fitrnïa. TUESDAY, MARCH 26, 1889. The Argentino Bopublio is said to bo crowded tvith unemployed. Immigrants who arrived there from England are returning in a destitute con- dition, In a fire at Marseilles thousands of tons of copra aro reported to havo been destroyed. The Emperor of Austria will visit the Emperor of Germany in May. Speaking at Manly last night, Sir Henry Parkes said that in 18'/9 tve employed in manufactures in this colony 25,697 persons. In 1888 this number had grown to 45,076, or nearly double. In Vic- toria through the samo perioj they had had pro- tective laws enacted for the express purpose of encouraging manufacturers, and yet tho total number of people employed undor protection there was 49,081-a difference of only 3Ô05 persons, as compared with this colony. Tur. Hobart Council has negatived a motion in favour of calling for tenders for lighting tho city by electricity. Some burglars broke into tho convent at Carring- ton, and stolo the robes belonging to a priest, and the (heises of a number of nuns, together with a small sum of money. The B.M.S. Cuzco arrived off Albany on Sunday night with the English mail, and having on board about 400 passengers. It is reported from "Wilcannia that the Broken Hill track carriers ore asking £15 per ton. A baker named Denn, residing at Parkes, yes terday committed suicide by taking Hough on Bats, Mr. Thomas Bolakd, one of the pioneer ex- plorers of the Blue Mountains, died yesterday at Springwood. The "White Star composite steam yacht, belong- ing to the lion. It. II. D. White, nvbs yesterday launched from Mr. Dunn's yard, Berry's Bay. I With tho exception of the engines, the yacht has I been exclusively built in Sydney. Captain- Jenkyn Jones, the master of the barque . Qlencoyno, hOB, by tho Nowcaatlo magistrates, beon finod £10 and costa for having assaulted a seaman named Otto Ilermannes. At a meeting of farmers held at Mudgeo to consider tho question of the grant of eoed Nvhoat to distressed farmers, 142 namos were handed in, togoiher with tho estimate of the quantity of wheat lequired. Business was again dull in the stock and slinro and in tho import markets yesterday. Tho rise that has taken place in sugar Is attributed to the diminution of stocks. A FAnjir.n namod Hubbard residing near Dubbo, has boon crushed to death by n 400-gallon tank of water falling upon him. He was carting the wator for tho use of his stock. The Customs revenue recoived yesterday amounted to £8526 7s. lid. Tns South Australian Mining Inspector on having submitted to him some quartz for examina- tion detected that whore gold Nvas to be seen tho stone presented a glazed appoarance as if glue had boen applied. It was found that on boiling the smallest sample in water for one minute all tho gold carno from off the stone. Mu. Wilson, the expert, who was sent from England by a syndicate to examine and report upon tho claim* of the Australian Diamond-mining Oom pany, Bingera, is reported to haTe obtained good results of the diamonds and gold from washing. Considerable excitement is reported to have pre- vailed in the Brisbane Share Marltot yesterday, especially in reference to tho Mount Morgan shares. Sellers rushed the market, and tho Bhares wero quoted down to £7 18s. Títere are now 2165 childron under the control of tho State Children's Beliof Boaid. At a mooting held in Warwick (Q.) the sum of £120 was subscribed toward the Parnell Defence Fund, in addition to which a fair sum was pro- mised. An alligator, 14ft. in length, was killed at Cairns (Q.), on Saturday. Dit». Germont and Lorn, tho roprosontotivos of M. Pa«teur, will, on their atrival in Sydney, ask tho Government for a definito reply as to whether it will allow thom to give a fair demonstration of the claimed efficacy of Pasteur's method of exter- minating rabbits by means of the microbe of chicken cholera. M. Pasteur has instructed his representatives in Australia not to undertake the vaccination of shoop against anthrax in Now South Wales unless the Government of the colony permit iko experiments for the extermination of rabbits to bo dealt with upon their moi its. Mu. E. P. N. Miles, head of tho firm of Messrs. Miles Brothers, London and Christchurch, died suddenly at Tearoha (N.Z.> on Friday. At the first annual meeting of the Centennial Church Extension Fund, Bishop Barry said that in tho whole province the total amount promised to Nvard the fund Nvas £62,815. From the diocse of Syd noy oanio £58,514, and he saw with extreme satisfaction and some pride that of that sum less than £6000 had been apportioned by tho donors to special purposos, diocesan or local, while £d2,500 had beon left perfeotly free for attribution in the general furtherance of Church extension. An aged man named Black has diod in tho Princo Alfred Hospital from tho effects of injurios sus- tained in a fire which took place in liodfern on Saturday. Tnr. No. 2 artesian boro on the Dunlop station has boon completed at a depth of 940ft, the yield amounting to about 1,200,000 gallons ppr day. Tho supply is said to bo as fresh as rain wator. The overseer of the Nvork bocamo alarmed at the extraordinary supply of water, and stopped the boring operations. Mrs. F. Williams, a resident of Fitzroy, has boen frightfully burned by her clothes catching fire. Her recovery is considered doubtful. TnE B.M.S. Iberia'yesterday took in a shipment of 7000 cases of fruit at Hobart Mr. WrxsiimE's statement that lie line been instrumental in forming " a party of good behaviour" in tho Legislative Assembly is a.matter of interest, if it may really be considered a sign of the times. A third party in the House, if it bo n party in a political sense, is sometimes very much in the way, and its presence and action are apt to bo elements of embarrasssment in the working out of the regular trials of strength between the Government and the Opposi- tion. But Mr. Wilshire's third party, as he calls it, is clearly not intended to be of that character. Ho saya that many mem- bers on both sides are supporting him ; and it is conceivable, although, perhaps it may not bo very probable, that every member might enrol himself in this new party without regard to his attachment to any other. It íb sometimos remarkable to see how party differences are sunk and how nearly unanimity is approached in the Assembly when some question is raised which affects the corporate dignity of the House or its relations to the other branch of the Legislature. On similar grounds, men on both sides of the Cham- ber ought to be willing to combine for the purpose of re- establishing its claim to the respect and confidence of the public by introducing a new devotion to business, a neNV avoidance of frivolity and scurrility, and a new aversion to waste of time and to all that tends to disorder. There is some evidence of hopefulness on this score. The electors have returned a considerable number of new meu, and somehow it seems to be thought that these men will bring with them better ideas of what the public interest requires in the conduct of Parliamentary business. A prominent member of the House recently explained his silence during the debute on the Address by the circumstance that he had heard his own ideas well expressed by other speakers. Now, there ia no reason Nvhy the example thus set should not be followed on. both sides. There is every reason why it should be followed. If it Nvere, no legitimate party interest would suffer injury ; hut on the other hand, the public interest, whioh ought to be para- mount, Nvould gain indefinitely. According to Mr. WiLsHinn, the new party is to adopt two rules-first, only to speak when it is necessary,and then briefly; and second, to retire in a body when any attempt at stoneNvnlling is modo on either side. These two rules are not of equal value. It is almost impossible to overrate the first if a liberal and reasonable interpretation be given to it. The necessity which is to bo the warrant for speech is not to be under- stood as of the absolute kind, or probably nine-tenths of the talk that is heard in the Assembly and fills the pages of Hansard Nvould be suppressed. But taking a moderate view of the case, it may be said that a great part of the speaking is not only unnecessary, but inexcusable. Nine-tentha of the speaking may he altogether unnecessary, on the ground that it does not determine the judgment of the House; but a certain proportion of it might be readily tolerated if the speakers lind anything fresh to say, and threw new light on the subject under discussion. But Nvhat is both unnecessary and inex- cusable is the Nvearisome repetition of tho same ideas, diluted evory time they aro repeated with an increasing volume of verbiage. Another thing that is inexcus- able, and would bo intolerable if the sensibility of tho House were not blunted, is the ogotism, the self-ussertion, that mixes up personal explanations and vindications with the discussion of matters of general interest. If the first rule of the noNv paity weie generally observed, tho debates in the Assembly (us thoy aro called sometimes in the language of ex- travagant oompliinont) would Bhrink within narrow dimensions. There aro some other evils which are practically included within tho range of this Dist rule, though they were not specifically mentioned. In almost everj' session a large amount of time is wasted through indulgence in that bad habit of interrupting speakers with offensive raninrks, and by the retaliation which is almost sure to follow. Few things tend more directly to interfere with the piogress of public business than this practice of cioss-iiriiig. Under it men lose their presence of mind, their temper, their self-control. As a con- sequence language is used of which 'he House must take cognisance, and nt times, when everybody ought to be engaged in steadily pressing forward the business of the country, proceedings aro interrupted bj' squabbles almost as undignified as tho3o of schoolboys disputing over a game of marbles. Sometimes, to tho disgrace of tho House, these interjected taunts, and rejoinders Nvith interest, have led to scenes of actual violonce. If the members of the neNV party would make it a point of Par- liamentary faith and morals neither to jerk . out , those offensive interrup- tion« when others aro speaking, nor to reply to thom Nvhen they aro directed againfet themselves, ono of the worst nui- sances that have made the conditions of tho Assembly unhealthy and unfavourable to study and sound work might bo consider- ably abated. ' As to the second rule, which, is pro- posed as a means of checking ob- struction, it may bo said that it Í3 at least of doubtful expediency. Tho term " Ptonawalling " may be oxpres sivo, but it is not quit* appropriate to the practice i to which it is applied. A stone Nvall is built up bj- some sort of woikman ship, and when built theie is some degree of solidity and genuineness about it, of which duo 'account may bo taken. But the political stonewall is a Nvretcbed pretence, an abuse of the forms of Parliament und of the fieedom of debate. It is not surprising that mon flesh to public life, and possessing some belief in the possibility of honest action, should look upon such practices with disgust. But is obstruction to be successfullj' met by " retiring in a body ?" The danger is- that by taking such a course the purposes of tho obstructionists themselves vrould be served. The retiring membeis would silently express their dis- approval of the abuse ; but if a count-out Nvere facilitated by their absence, the cause of obstruction vcould score a win. How to discountenance and defeat ob- struction, how to prevent this abuse of rules and forms, how to preserve due r.cope for reasonable debate and to provide at the same time against dilatory discussion, is a diffi- cult problem. Unle&s; membeis themselves are influenced by the unwritten laws of sound discretion and right-feeling, they must bo constrained by rigid laws, íeílect ing discredit upon their manhood. It is for the violent lunatic that the strait waistcoat is made. The man who has some self-contiol may be trusted with groater freedom. Mr. BnvcE records a noteworthy fact in the history of the United States Senate Amongst its rules " there is none providing for a closure of debate or limiting the length either of a debate or of a speech. The Senate Í9 proud of having conducted its business without tho aid of such regulations, and this has beon due, not merely to the small size of the Assembly, but to the sense of its dignity which has usually pervaded its members, and to the power which the opinion of the whole body has exercisod on each." The Senate of the United States has indeed, though split by political partisanship, been as a vrhole " a party of 'good behaviour." If property has its rights, it has its obli- gations as well. The least that people can do to whom, an extensive estate has fallen in fee is to become acquainted with its position, extent, and capabilities. It was this consideration, no doubt, that prompted the members of the Australian Natives' Association, at the annual meeting held some days ago, in Sandhurst, to carry a resolution pledging the society's sympathy and help in the work of Ant- arctic exploration. This Association, it will be remembered, aims high. There is good ground for believing that the young Australians-chiefly Victorians- compos- ing it would not hesitate to accept the responsibility of annexing and ruling all the unclaimed island groups and isolated eyots south of the Equinoctial Line. As this item in the programme appears to have been received with coldness, not un- mixed, it is Nvhi»pered, with levity, by the authorities in London as Nvell as by those in Paris, Berlin, St. Petersburg, and Washington, the Young Australians have been in a measure thrown back on the comparatively commonplace task of de- veloping the resources of their great island continent, and of awakening its young men to ásense of thaukfulness for having seen the light in the southern hemisphere. Deprived by the plodding Britisli statesmen of an opportunity for administering the Paoific from Melbourne, the Association with the buoyancy of youth turns towards tho Pole. In those high latitudes, inside the Antarctic circle, there is a vast field for discovery, Second to none in scientific interest. As it is almost certain, too, that the possession of any neNv lands between the circle named and the Polo itself will not be disputed by the covetous Powers of the old world, the work of exploration may be undertaken without fear of disturb- ance. ' Compared with the efforts that have boen marlo to reach the highest point of northern latitude, the attempts to attain the southern limit have been few. Although the voyages of Columbus and of Magullan left no doubt on the minds of the wiso that, instead of being a plane surface, over whose edge a whole fleet might fall by incautiously approaching too near, the earth Nvas really lound, there was somo danger in saying so, particularly in Spain. In that favoured country during the six- teenth century effectual means wero within easy reach for inducing persons to koop silonco who presumed to know moro than their neighbours. The most back Nvard urchin in a modern infant school will glibly assort his firm conviction that the earth, in spite of appearances to the con- trary, is really an oblute spheroid, Nvith a pronounced flatness at the ends and an unoquivocal bulge in the middle. It is doubtful Nvhether, oven at the present, he Nvould bo permitted to say as much in some of the remote hamlets of Andalusia or Aragon ; but during the time when Luther was nailing defiances on the doors of German churches, and our ownllKNitr lay- ing a heavy hand on religious houses and their occupants, the mun who at Madrid suggested the possibility of ' tho earth's moving ian a lair chance of being per- suaded to reconsider his views on cosmo- gony. Still, as the -entury advanc d, the uoNv hypothesis gradually cryt.tallised into theory, and ultimately into certainty. Then arose the belief that, as the northern hemi- sphere contained so much land there must bo a great southern continent to balance it. It Nvas to find this terra Australis incognita that ovi?r three hundred years ago t an expedition set sail from Callao. Forty years afterwards Di: Quiros set out from the same city to search for the strange southern land. Ile, too, was unsuccessful. Even the discovery of Australia left the question unsolved. The savants looked down their rude maps, and drew attention to the vast unexplored space from Cape Horn to the Pole. Thcie it Nvas suid the great Urra incog- nita would be found by anyone having tho courage to defy tho dangers of those inhospitable sea9 As the century of the Reformation was» closing, and the reign of tho lion-hearted Elizabeth ' of Eng- land closing with it, a Dutchman in a tiny barque, which to-day could be almost borne on the davitb of au Orient or P. und O. liner, reached the 04th southern parallel but, meeting no land, turned his vessel's head again towards the north. It was the dauntless sailor Janies Cook that first cios-ed the Antarctic Circle. He and his crew Nvore certainly the earliest Europeans, and in all likelihood the first of Adam's race, to look into the South Frigid Zone. The piospect was not reassuring. Twice he crossed the circle and made the circuit of 'the globe in a high lati I tude, seeing nothing but desolate islands, hugo bergs, and vast fields of loose ice on the journey. This proved .that if any great land mass besides Australia and portions of America and Africa existed in the southern hemisphere, it must be between the Antarctic Circle and the Pole. Subsequently to Cook, Englishmen, French- men, Russians, and Americans reached the confines of the fro/.en zone, and gave names to several uninviting patches of dry land. About 1840 a Captain Wilkes, of the United States, discovered and mapped a large tract. Ho also nanied it. His right to do so was afterwaids denied by geographers for two" reasons, either of which appeals sufiicient. When combined tbey are inexorable. In the fir-it place, part of the land had been already discovered, and, in the next, the other part was nowhere to be found on a subsequent and careful sorutiny. In this connection it will be remembered as a singular ciicumstance that whenever the sea-serpent comes to the surface for a little relaxation theie is generally an American vessel by to witness his gambols. It was during the four years 1839-43 that our chief knowledge of the Antaietic seas was gained. The struggle«* of Ross to reach the supposed open Polar waters, per- haps the Pole itsolf, weie splendid examples of patience, perseverance, and daring. Beset by loose ice he steered or rather bored his way through until a clear sea with alpine land in the distance rewarded his efforts. Some of the mountains were estimated to I bo 10,000ft. high, flunked by valleys from which hugo glaciers protruded into the sea. About the 72nd parallel he landed on a small island near the mainland. The place was devoid of vegetation, but alive with penguins. Pushing on to a little beyond the 74th parallel, the bleak prospect was íclieved by the appearance of an activo volcano over 12,000ft. high, and near by an extinct one almost as tall as its restless neighbour. 78deg, llmin. Nvas the greatest latitude reached. There it nvus that tho gallant Ross and his hardy seamen were nearer to the Southern Pole than anyone before or since. His further progiess was barred by an ice-Nvall two hundred feet high, level on top, and reckoned to be a thousand feet through. For 450 miles he sailed to the east skirt- ing this impregnable rampart without dis- covering a fissure in the great mass. From its inhospitable face he had to retire dis- comfited, leaving the secret of the Pole for others more fortunate to find. The Chal- lenger's visit of fifteen years ago added nothing to the lecord of Uoss. The question has already suggested itself what is to be gained by again braving the dangers of those ice-bound solitudes P Scientists assure us that with the means now at our command for suc- ceeding where former explorers failed considerable light may be thrown on meteorology. Debarred by old world prejudices from seizing the ten thousand little isles round which the poora assures us the immense Pacific smiles, it may be that the Australian Natives' Association is anxious to find an opening for Victorian capital and enter- prise. To find an opening in the ice-pack will, of course, be the flist stop. Already many ingenious speculations have been ventured as to the possibility of discovering a pleasant tempera- ture and even an inhabited, lund behind. Should such be the case, the opinion is permissible that people who went to the trouble of separata* fl£j selves from the outside willig of an ice-barrier two hundred ¿«m7? will be found protection^:dto£thmau:' Indeed, it " not too much to suppo^w the first law on their statute-book inf. a high poll-tax on strangers, mP°S09 Tho origin of the typhoid epidemic at Balranald " somewhat mysterious. Ninety- three cases and fourteen deaths in the course of a few weeks make the matter grave enough to invite i"quiry) and particularly m view of the ravages of typhoid elsewhere. In Melbourne there have boen over two thousand oases and two hundred and fifty deaths since the beginning of the year, and though we have not reached this appalW late in Sydnoy, yet the local indications of typhoid have been disquietins enough I,, Melbourne and other places, bower« the origin of the disease h easily onough traced to the bad drainago; but the conflicting repoits that reach us from Balranald make the question as to the cause of typhoid in that town rather a puzzling one. Bal- ranald is not a thickly-populated centre Uko some of the overcrowded metro- politan suburbs of Sydney and Mel bourne, and our telegiaphic correspondent this^ morning describes it as a cleanlv weli-drained place. One peculiarity of typhoid, of course, is its liability to break out anywhere, and a town otherwise apparently healthy to-day may to-morrow, as in the present case, be the scene of its ravages. The probability in these instances is that the infection has been brought into the neighborhood' hy some visitor, through whom contamination is spread by the agency of the water, or in any one of , the many ways in which these insidious germs do their work. It is nlwavR a matter of the utmost importance to'dis cover, it possible, wheie these germs are hidden, and what is the exact source of the disease. A tank situated in the heait of the town has been suspected, but there appeals to bo a difference of opinion. Dr. Asiidurton-Tiiompson reports that the water is heavily polluted, w hile two other experts-Drs. Aitken and Poiurit_ have mado an analysis and pronounce it pure. But here, again, it is a well-known fact that even water impiegnnted with the typhoid infection may be found sparkling and clear. It is just as well, therefore, that the Nvnter is to be pumped out of this tank and the sediment subjected to a chemical nnaljsis. Tj-pboid is at all times a dreadful scourge to any town or district in which it may appear, but it would lose half its terrors if it were resolutely grappled with. Bad as it ia, typhoid is a preventable disease, and everj' life sacrificed through its prevalence is a reproach to the community. A correspondent has something to say in to-day's paper about the law relating to gambling in its various forms. It would certainly be a difficult thing to find au adequate solution for the problems our correspondent proposes ia the present instance. A good many people besides the writer of tho letter we refer to have vainly sought at different times a reason for the anomaly that makes a lav«1 for tho prevention of gambling in certain specified directions, Nvhile a Nviiole field of hazard is left to the gambler's sweet will outside those particular limits. Our correspondent, for instance, points out that a Chinaman may not " play his quiet game of fau-tan," and " the three-caid gamo and the thimbles and pea aro chased off the lace course," while " racecomse gambling is re- cognised as a legal business by the authori- ties, and gentlemen Nvin gentlemen's money on what sometimes is not a game of chance, or speed, or skill, with horses." Our correspondent appears to think that the social status of the persons concerned has a good deal to do with the anomalv. and his complaint seems to resolve itself into something like an expression of opinion that with the rich and those in a certain grade of societv gambling is íegarded as a pastime, Nvhile with the poor it is looked upon as a crime. Circumstances that fall every day Nvithin the most ordinary ex- perience havo a very strong tendency it must bo confessed, to iavour that view of the c:iso. There is a pionounced i soupçon of something very closely resembling pharisaism about the law Ntfhich sots the police in motion against co tain forms of gambling, while it openly encourages otbeis, and to the average sense of justice it would be difficult to reconcile tho reason- ableness of the law's action against fan-tan players with the inaction Nvhich allows the wholesale betting on every racecourse in tho colonies to go on Nvithout even a thought of check. There is no comparison tor a moment between the degrees of gambling in the two cases, and, so far as the moial and social injury is concerned, the balance of possible evil is nil on the side of tho betting rings. Our correspondent has called attention to what is at all events a very striking anomaly. Otra fortnightly summary of news to be de- spatched by the Orient Company's steamer Ibana will be published on Thuisdav morning. As usual it will contain a digest of the general, political, social, religious, commercial, îniriiog, sporting, ana shipping new» of the past two weeks, together wita a list of the birth«, marriages, and deaths for the same period. The mail for neivspipers will close at 1.80 p.m. on Thursday; and the mail tor letters at 3 p.m. TnE deputation from the unemployed which waited upon Sir Henry ParkoB last wsok en devoured to secure an interviow yesterday with um object of obtaining some speeiflo promise a« to when the proposed publio works would be startoo. A' letter was sent in to the Premier pointing out that unless he could teU thom something doflmto a large crowd would be at the building in tho altar noon. The Premier sent out a reply that he ha» already promised that the woiks would be carnea out assoon as posùblo, that the promise would m kept, and that if a crowd of poraons came down to the office ho should deoline to leceive them, w the afternoon about 200 persons gaihereil in front of the Colonial Secretary's Office. The Premiers previous intimation was oommunicatod to wem, ona was received vory quietly. Tho men »ß«T»» procooded to Circular Quay, where some ot weir number delivered addresses. Titb Ministor of Public Instruction has grant« a girls' department in connection with tho ra dim school at Hurstville. Tho Stationmaster (Mr. a. Hall) some time ago presented a largo.lv-»'?»« petition to the Municipal Council, who transnuttw tlie sam» to the department, with a very satisfactory nrolfc Is compliance with the request of a deputation which waited on him yesterday, the Mayor has decided to appoint an additional watchman at the Belmore Markets, and to tako steps to havo some extra police put on duty there. Complaints have been made that pilfering is carried on very largely at the markets, especially at nighttime. A Coubt op Appeal under the Crown Lands Act of 1884, was hold by the Minister for Lands (Mr. J, N. ¿ranker), yesterday, at the looms of the Engineering Assooiation of New South Wales. Some 55 case3 of appeal were hoaid, and the busi- ness was conductod with such despatch that the Court was able to rise shortly after 1 o'clock in the afternoon, having disposed of the whole of the casos. TnE Railway Commissioner» returned to their offices yesterday after an absence of a week, which they havo spent in inspecting the route of the proposed railwav to Moree. The commis- sioners have been ablo to collect a large quantity of information regarding the proposed routes to Moree submitted to thom by the Government, and their recommendation will be forwarded in due courso to tho proper quarter. A deputation representing the mayor anti alder- men of West Muitland waitod upon the Hallway Commissioners yesterday Nvith tho object of advising them to withdraw the railway reserve at West Maitland from sale. The deputation was introduced by Mr. Thompson, M.L.A., and was accompanied by Mr. Scobie, M.L.A. It was contended that the depart- ment would mako a great mistako if they partod with the land, as in a few years' time the develop- ment of tho coal mines would demand additional accommodation. It was also argued that the present was not a good time to sell, and that tho land would be moie useful if retainod in the hands of the commissioners for the storage of produce. A suggestion was made to the commissioners that tbey might permit the use of the land on lease for the present as a sort of market yard. Mr. Eddy, in reply to the representations whioh had been made, said that when they were in West Maitland in January last they understood that it was tho desire of tho peoplo that the land should be sold, and tbey thought that by putting it up for auction they were carrying out the wishes of the town. It must be clearly understood that it was not the duty of the commissioners to provide market accommoda- tion, and tho shed which had been built at Darling Harbour would in a short time form a goods shod at Sydnoy station. The commissioners would, however, give this matter consideration, and see what they could do towards meeting tho wishes of the town. On the understanding that a proposal would be made by the council regarding the land, the commissioners promised to postpone the sale for a month. Tnc Minister for Lands loft Sydney last evening on his trip to Bourke and the pastoral districts beyond the north-western railway terminus. Mr. Brunker expects to return to Sydnoy on Monday next. A deputation of American citizens will wait upon the Postmaster-General this forenoon with reference to the contract tor the San Francisco mail service. It was stated in our issue of Saturday that the Riilway Commissioners pronosed to run specially cheap excursion trains from Sydney into tne country on the 6th April, immediately prior to the Easter holidays. The date should be 16th April. The rapidity with which free-trade prinoiplo3 are spreading throughout the colony, was further illus- trated yesterday evening by a Bticceesful and crowded meeting whioh was hold at the Odd- fellows' Hall, Manly, for the purpose of estab- lishing a local branch of the Free Trade Association. The meeting was addressed by Sir Henry Parkes, Mr. G. H. Reid, MIA., Mr. J. F. Burns, M.L.A., and several local gentlemen, and a resolution in favour of establishing a branch of the Freo Trade Association at Manly was unanimously carried. A meeting of poraons favourable to the forma- tion of a branch of the Free-trade and Liberal As- sooiation in the municipality of St Peters, was held at the local Town Hall last night. The chair was taken by the Mayor, Mr. R. H. Judd. The audience was not large. Foiciblo addresses dealing with the subjects of freetrade and protection were delivered by tho Hons. Sydney Smith and J. IL Carruthers, and Messrs. Alexander Hutchison, E. A. Molesworth, and other members of the Legislative Assembly, after which those present formed them- selves into a committee to make the necessary arrangements to form a branch of the assooiation in the locality. Later news from Fiji includes further par- ticulars of the losses at Rewa by flood. All the bananas planted along the river banks were swept away. A large plantation in the Waimanu had half the cultivated portions submerged. The natives had not cleared away any of the debris left by the flood, and the Rewa district in consequence wore a most dosolate appoarance. The work of ex- tracting of the oil from the copra is shortly to be attempted at the islands, A company has been floated to erect the necessary oil mills, and machinery has been ordered from home. At a meeting of the council of the Royal Colo- nial Institute, held on Tuesday, February 12, Lieutenant-General R. W. Lowry, C.B., in the chair, the following gentlemen were electod Fellows:-Mr. Herbert W. Bond (Queensland), Mr. Cecil W. Darley, M.I.O.E. (New South Wales), Mr. Colin R. Graham, Mr. Charles H, Huntley, O.M.G. (Cape Colonv), Mr. Arthur 0. Hortzig, CE., Sir George L. Innes (Judge of the Supreme Court, New South Wales), Mr, Percival Johnston, J.P. (Now South Wales), Right Hon. the Earl of Kintore, G.C.M.G. (Governor of South Australia), Mr. E. J. Bayly Macarthur (Now South Wales), Mr. Robert M. M'Lean), Right Hon. tho Earl of Onslow, G.O.M.G. (Governor of New Zealand), Mr. Thomas H. Phillips, Mr. William H. Purvis, Mr. R, Wightwiok Roberts (Chili), Mr. Charles N. E Wetzlar (Jamaica). Me. A. Oosn, principal agent of the Mossagories Maritimes line of steamers, has boen advised that tho Océanien, which left Aden for Australia on tho 15th instant, met with a slight accident to her machinery, and would be detained at Maha for a few days, perhaps five or six. In consequence of this it has been docided to tranship her passengers and cargo for Noumea to the branch steamer Tanais upon the Oceanian's arrival here, instead of the vessel herself proceeding as usual on to New Caledonia. As the Orient line stoamor, Cuzco, reached Albany last Sunday, in time to leave there same night for the Semaphore, her English mails, dated up to the 22nd ultimo, should be in correspon- dents' hands hero by Saturday afternoon next, the 86th day after posting. As will be seen from the list of passengers in another column, tne homeward French mail steamer Yarra, of the Messageries Maritimes line, whioh loft hero yesterday for Marseilles, will be the bearer of a full complement of saloon passengers leaving Australia. The number booked here was in excess of that usually carried from this port, and New Caledonia and New Zealand contributed also a larger number than is usually the case, added to which there will be passengers from Victoria, Bouth Australia, Tasmania, and West Australia. A good many travellod Englishmen who prefer the Continental stylo of catering are to be found on board the boats of this line, Thoro are others, again, \yhose dioico is principally determined by the con- siderations as to whether there will be a crowd on board or not, and who book by the line or boat where the prospect is the most remote that they will have the honour of tho company of .' too many " on board. Their aim is a quiet and soleot few. It is in this way, indeed, that the older boats, not of this company particularly, but of the whole of the companies, aro very often preferred to the more stylúh^raodorn, and swift Mu. Lord's steamship Riverina, whioh left here ifor London some four months a;o, has returned. She brought the end (some 700 tons) of a large general cargo, but only two passengers. Cargo is, of course, hor speciality. For that she was built, Mid it ia olairaed that she will stow away 4500 tons of 'mixed cargo, Nveight and measurement Sha was built only ia 1887, and she comos within that better class of "cargo slaves',' which are the latest development in the steam mercantile marine. How very few years ago it is sinoo the mail boats' time to Adelaide exceeded 44 days 8 hours of actual steaming, and yet this is what was performed by the Riverina on her present outward voyage. Mb. John Hunter, who is about leaving for Europe, was entertained at a harbour picnio on Saturday by a number oE gentlemen connected with the wholesale Loot and leathor trade. The steamer Inflexible was engaged, and in spite of the rain left No. 2 Jetty with a large company on board. On arriving in Middle Harbour lunch was provided by Mr. G. Baumann. Mr. Gk M'Murtrie was in the chair, and after the usual loyal toasts, proposed the health of " Tho GueBt," which was drunk with enthusiasm. Last night the first annual meeting of the oxooutivo committee of the Centennial Church Extension Fund in connection with the diocese of Sydney was held in the Chapter House of St Andrew's Cathedral. Bishop Barry presided, and delivered an address appropriate to the occasion. The annual report, which, in the circumstances, was considered satisfactory, waa adopted, and resolutions pledging tho meeting to use increased efforts to augment the fund wore adopted. Trre Rev. John Fordyce, M.A., tlienowly arrived ministor of Point Fip»rroad Congregational Church, bogan his ministry on Sunday. Tho church was crowded at both service*. On Friday of last week Mr. and Mrs. Fordyce wore entertained at a garden pirty by Mr. and Mrs. J. R. Fairfax. Among those present wore the Very Rev. the Moderator of the Presbyterian Assembly (Dr. Gil- christ), the Rev. Dr. Kelynaok (principal of New- ington College), and most of the Congregational ministers and leading laymen of the city and suburbs. Conoheoational Churoh services were begun last Sunday in the Rockdale Town Hal!, when the Rev. Robert Dey, secretary of the Congregational Union, preached in the morning, and the Rev. E. Moore, of Kogarah, in the evening. At each service there was a large congregation. At .Christchurch schoolroom, on Friday evening last, Mr. S. W. Austin, the honorary nccompanyist to the Government Printing Office Dramatic and Musical Society, was made tho recipient of a very hnndsomo cpergne in recognition ef his servicos to the society. The president, Mr. F. J. Ironside, who, on behalf of the membors, made the presentation, spoko in eulogistic terms of Mr. Austin, and thought the society had boen very fortunate io securing tho services of one so eminently qualified to fill tho position of accompanyist. This remark called forth applause ftum all présent Mr. Austin, in returning thanks, said it afforded him very great pleasure to reçoive this testimonial of their esteem, and it would always be a pleasing duty for him to aid the advancement of the society. Tho proceed- ings oloBed by the gleo party singing " The Wreath." A patent postal pillar-box of an ingenious character has been exhibited at tho Athenoum Club, Melbourne. The box is oo tagon al in shape, and stands 7ft in height, having a diameter of about 2ft, and it has three divi- sions. The top ono contains a soi'io3 of com- partments in which there aro police and fire alarms, the former being cominunicato 1 with by means of a telephone, while tho fire brigade is apprised of an outbreak of fire in the locality hy <hn pressure of au electric button. Tho central division, which is the largest, is devoted to the reception of letters and newspapers, the ordinary slot or openin; through which the letters aro placad being covered with a wire comb, to prevent the letters being ex- tracted bv the insertion of thin sticks or pieces of wire. Tho letters fall into an iron box which is fastened on to tho door, and when it is desired to olear tho box all that the postman has to do is to touch a spring, which causes tho bottom of the box to fall, and this allows the letters to drop into tho open bag beneath. There is a dial im- mediately above the door denoting tho times at which the box is oleared, and on the door being closed the hand on the dial indicates at what time the next clearance will take place. The bottom division is reserved for the batteries used in con- nection with the police telephone fire alarms, and on top of the roof an electric lamp is affixed. A visrron to the National Art Gnllery writes to say that in the catalogue, Thorvaldson, the sculp- tor, is said to be a German. He points out that Berthal Thorvaldsen wa» bom in Copenhagen, the capital of Denmark, of Danish parents, and that he must, therefore, be a Dane. In the Banco Court yesterday the action Lenthall v. Rogers and another, relating to the ownership of 5 acres 2 roods and 12 perches of land, forming part of Tilley's farm, North Willoughby, was brought to a conclusion. His Honor Mr. Justice Foster summed up at considerable length as to tho evidence of documentary and possessory title pro- duced by the parties, and the jury, after about half an hour'B deliberation, returned a verdict in favour of the plaintiff. Mr. Justice Foster sat for the remainder of tho afternoon in Chambers, but the onlv case of special interest was the District Court appeal Thompson and another v. Daunt The plaintiff had sued the defendant to recover the amount of calls on certain shares sold by them to him; but the District Court Judge retuinod a verdiot in favour of the defendnnt, on the grounds that before tho calls were made he had parted with the sitares. A rule nisi, retunablo next term, was now granted to set the verdict aside, as being con- trary to law. The evidence taken before the Court-martial upon Warrant Officer Webster was finally closed yester day. Mr. Simpson addressed the Court for nearly two hours in defence of the prisoner, who, he con- tended, was guilty of nothing beyond sins of omis- sion in respect of keeping the books. The prisoner put in a long statement in his own defence. Mr. Heydon began his address at half-past 5 o'clock last evening, and had not concluded when tho Court adjourned till this morning. Gunner Robert Loveless, an important witnoss for the. defence, who waa examined at the Victoria Bar- racks hospital on Thursday last, under somewhat painful circumstances, died in that institution yes- terday. Had the examination of Loveless been delayed, an important bit of evidence respecting his compensation money of 1887 and the receipt he gavo Webster at tho time, would have been lost to tho acoused, who has experienced great difficulty in tracing the persons to whom ho paid a sum of £9 12s, 2d., an amount which forms the basis of a charge of embezzlement against him. A public meeting to advocate the foundation of a national portrait gallery in connection with the National Art Gallery, will be held this evening at tho Royal Society's rooms. The third lecture on the Reformation, by the Most Rev. the Primate, in connection with tho Association of Lay Helpers, will he delivered this evening in St. An- drew's Cathedral. The subject is " The Reformation under hdward VI." The following is the order of musical service at St. Andrew's Cathedral iMb afternoon, 4.80 p.m. :-Mag I nificat, Winchester, in F ; Nuuo Dimittis, VVinchester, in F ; anthem, " Fear not, O land, be glad and rejoice, for the Lord will do great things " (Goss). The name of Mr. J. T. Wilshire was accidentally omitted from tho list of those prosent on Friday last at the deputation to the Colonial Secretary in reference to the Wollongong Harbour Trust. In our second sub-loader yesterday the figures giving the costs of food out of tho artisans' wages were transposed. The cost on the authority of Mulhall is 16s. in the Uni tod States, 14b. in England, and 11b. in Australia. The argument was based on the correct figures. A meeting of the Sydney Land Nationalisation Society will bo held in the St. James's Hall this even- ing, when a discussion will bo held on the question, " Can a Protectionist bo a Land Nationalist on the lines laid down in Progress and Poverty." The following is the report of tho Sydnev Hospital for the week ended 23rd March, 1839:- Ad'tuitted: 48 males, 19 females. Discharged : 40 malos, 27 females. Died: 5 males, 3 females. Remaining: 161 malos, 78 females. Casualties treated, but not admitted, 724. Thb following is the report of the Prince Alfred Hospital for the week ended 23rd March, 188!) : Admitted, 10 males, 14 females; discharged, 38 males, lo females, ; died, 2 males, 3 females ; remaining in hospital nn 23rd March, 18S9, 119 males, 74 females ; number of out-patients treated during the »nek, 364 ; number of casualty cases treated, but not adciftt«!, 201\. Total, 665. 