LOSS OF THE DANMABK. GALLANT RESCUE EY. THE MISSOURI. THE CAPTAIN EULOGISED. [Ey Telegraph from Albany.] [From our London Correspondent] London,. April 26. Great excitement was caused by the loss of the Copenhagen Bteamer Danmark. on, her voyage to New York. The. In man Bteamer City, of Chester, whioh arrived at QueenBtown last Friday week , from New York, reported having passed on the 8th instant, in latitude 49° 35', longitude 37° 16', a large derelict Bteamer with a cream colored funnel and a black band at the top, named the Danmark, Her stern waa awash' with water, and she seemed to be settling down. The vessel appeared to have suf fered severely in a hurricane. • There, was no appearance of the crew in the vicinity. The steamer was believed to be the Dan maik, of Copenhagen, which sailed- from: j Swinemunde on March 19 and cleared, at Christiania on the 23rd of the same; month bound for New York. The master of the City of .Chester was of the opinion that the crew and passengers had bean rescued, as the vessel appeared to have , no boats and the. cable chain was hanging over the bow, which looked as if she had been In tow. The Danmark had on board 368 passengers from Copenhagen, 131 from | Christiana, 79 from Christiansand, 75. from Malmoe, and 14 from Gothenburg. Of these 26 were cabin passengers, in cluding five children, and the; remainder were, steerage passengers. The crew; numbered 54 hands.. No further news was received of the fate of the vessel or of those who had been on her: for several days. Until. Monday last, when Intelli gence was, received that the Portu guese mail boat Acar had arrived from, the Azores with 42 'of the orew of the Danish steamer Danmark, in charge: of - Mr; Peter JRabsen, the third mate. Mr. Rabsen. reports that on the 4th instant,, when about 800 miles from Newfoundland, the! Danmark broke her shaft. On the following day she fell In with the British steamer Missouri, of London, bound for: Philadelphia,, which took her .in tow till the: morning ,of the 6th, when the Dan mark appeared- to be on the point of sink-; Ingi .The captain thereupon requested that theDanmark's passengers, might .ba taken; on board the .Missouri,' but. the latter: only had accommodation for 20.. Part of his: cargo was, however, thrown overboard, and by this means room was made for all. The Missouri then proceeded to the Azores, and after landing some of her officers and 320 passengers continued her "voyage to Philadelphia with 340 of the Denmark's passengers and some of her crew to assist In navigating. All the passengers, were saved, and only one man, j the: chief engineer, waB killed,'he being' found dead in the engine room. at the time of the accident. A- message, dated Philadelphia on 22nd, says the steamer .Missouri* with 365 pas sengers, from the steamer . Dan mark, arrived at the Delaware Break water all well. At 1 o'clock this morning she transferred part of her passengers at the breakwater to the steamer British King, which arrived in Philadelphia this afternoon.. The Mis souri landed the Danmark's passengers at Philadelphia this; evening, i and1 also the surgeon, the purser, , and six . of the Danmark's crew. Messrs. .• Peter Wright & Sons, agents of the. Atlantic .Transport Line, to which the. Missouri belongs,; had made complete arrangements for their comforb. Bounti ful meals were spread on the tables placed on the pier, and they were afterwards for warded to the West by the Pennsylvania railroad. An inspection of the Missouri shows that Captain Murrell and his crew gave up everything to make the Danmark's people comfortable, and assigned . cabins to tbe -women. . The cargo jettisoned to ; makp. room. between the decks con sisted. of: rags and wool, 66 bales In all, yalued ab £500. Captain Murrell is praised. throughout the country, for his good service. A telegram from Phila delphia, dated the 23rd, states' Captain ' MurTell is the object of great attention, crowds assembling • in the streets and cheering him. At the Maritime Exchange to day Captain Murrell was presented withj a gold .medal by the Pennsylvania Humane Society. He was subsequently conducted to the office of' the mayor, who welcomed him in the name of the city. Every where the conduct of the captain, is loudly .praised. The following Is an extract from a letter received by Messrs. Williams, Torrey, and Field, agents of the Atlantic Trans port Line, from the captain of the Mis souri April 20, 1889—OffSb. Michael's, Azores—Dear sir—I beg to informyou of our arrival dqwn here, and doubtless you havej been much astonished at It, but not mord vexed than I am. On the. 5th of April,; 1,20 p.m., we sighted , a steamer flying distress Bignals. We bore down, and 'found it was the Danish steamer Danmark, of Copenhagen, from Copen- | bagen to New York, • with her shaft broken. Her captain had on board 665 passengers and 69 crew. He asked me to takeitbem, but I told him I,would tow him,'but could not take the passengers, to which they assented, and although it was blowing hard and heavy sea on we suc ceeded in getting a tow rope on board, and turned the vessel round to westward, boldjng on all night to her, and making about one aad a half knots against a strong head wind . and. sea. Several times I thought I should have to slip her, but managed to hold on. At daylight I decided to square away for the Azores, so I signalled to him, and the: captain agreed. I squared away at 7.20 ;a,m., the wind and sea moderating. The icaptain signalled that the vessel wa3 making water, there being 3 feet In the after, hold. Ab 9.20 he sig nalled that , the leak was gaining and | he must abandon the ship, so I had jto cub the tow rope and go down to him. The. chief officer came on board andtold me that the water had gained 6 inches in an hour, and the weather being finer the captain had de cided to abandon her, and asked me would I take them. Of course I could do nothing else, so I lowered my boats down, and ;with his seven boats the work com menced, and such a sight I shall never forget. To see the, poor souls—women and 'children—coming up was pitiable. At II the first boat load came, all th9 women, and children first, In perfect order, and jafterwards the men, until we suc ceeded In rescuing the whole 735 souls ■without a single accident, although there was : a heavy swell, which made it dangerous for the boats to come along side.: We managed to get Home flour, and biscuits, and meat and tea. The ! weather wa3 thick with- rain and coming on dirty, and the glasswas falling. All hands were on board at 4.30, the captain being the last man to leave. I went over the provisions, and found I had about three and.a half days' food. 1 de cided to come to; these Islands, which I have done, and hope to land the pas sengers to-morrow. The first night I had to throw overboard the rags In the alley ways, and the weather coming on so bad I had to make some room for them, so l decided to throw the bales of wool over fromjNo, 1 hatch to make enough room to put Bome down there. This was done, and we fltowed away" nearly 300 men. We then! brought up all our sails, awnings, and tarpaulins, which we spread around for them. We covered the. hatches on the cattle deck tip, but the. water-con tinued to smother everything, ; and although every one on board did; their beet I neyer.saw. such.a Bight .as the day light showed ua. At noon I had. to heave to for six hours until the wind moderated,, and < since then. we , . have had. fine weather. We have been feeding 53 I passengers in the cabin and 19 ■ In: the meBsroom. There were 28 cabin pas eengerp, the rest being, immigrants. I ■wish to put before you the capital manner In ■which all my crew worked—officers, chief engineer, arid mate—in fact It would not be fair to pick one or the other. But I really never §aw a more willing and hardworking lot of officers in my life. If you get this before my .arrival at Phila delphia pleaBe cable MesBra. Peter Wright and Sons tliat I have these people, and ask them to make arrangements with the Thingvalla passenger agent to forward all these people on to New York. I trust everything I have done will meet withyour approba tion in this, dreadful time. 1 arrived at 9.30 a m , and they had had the last meal at 8;30, which was pretty close. The' latitude and longitude of abandonment was lab 46? 6' [N ° 39° W. April 6, 4.30 p.m.-r—Yours respectfully The Atlantic Transport line, >the owners of the. Missouri, have, notified-to the cargo consignees that they are released from all ; contributions arising from the jettisoning of part of the cargo to make room for the Danmark'B passengers. They have also notified Captain Murrell of their approval of his conduct. . 