The fact of tiiu local Shire Hall being too small, for many of tho purposes for which it is required, was never better illustrated than on Tuesday night, when tho concert in aid of the Asylum anil School for the Blind was given. A large audience had assembled and tho result was that the hall was uncom fortably crowded, and was not nearly large onough to provide seating accommodation. Fully fifty people, including many ladies, wore compelled to stand- throughout the en tertainment., along tliC Miiilo of the hall and in front of ,tho stage." This was, of course, in addition to tho large '-number that had to bo content with standing at, the rear of (bo hall. When tliankjng those present for their nttendnnee the Rev, Mr, Moss stated that lie exceedingly regretted lo see that so many persons were, oil necessity, so greatly incon venienced, and ho trusted that on the occa sion of tiieir next visit to Avoca, tliev would find tho hall considerably enlarged. The question of increasing the size of tho building, aiul providing proper stage accom modation, is one of longstanding, and though repeatedly referred to no action is taken 1o- wards eifecting tho required alterations. We trust, however, that, after so excellent an il lustration as that given on Tuesday evening, somo move will be mado in the right direc tion. A Lawn Tennis match lias been arranged between the Avoea and Maryborough clubs, to ho played on the court of tho latter on Sa turday, the 25th instant. Messrs J. B.Craw ford and A. F, Paten are lo reprcsont tho locals, There was a fair attendance at tho usual fortnightly meeting of the local branch of tiic Australian Natives' Association, held in tho Shire Tlall on Wednesday evening. After transacting ordinary business one new mem ber was elected and one introduced. An en joyable half-hour was spent at the conclusion of tho meeting, when excellent recitations were rendered by Mr G. W. lied path, "Heave Up," Mr C. Sproston, "The sick Stoekd river," anil Mr M. Moulton, a menihor of the Sandhurst Branch, who recited "Tho Fireman's Wedding." Maryborough defeated tho Maoris at fool- ball on Wednesday, by 0 goals to 1 goal. Three thousand spectators. An Hunan, uiuncu Anton isaver, was brought into Avoea from Lower Ilomebush yostorday morning by Constable Muleuhy, who charged him, before Mr E, Snoll, J. P., with cutting Ids throat on Sunday last with intent thereby to kill himself. After bear ing the ovidonco Mr Snoll remanded the limn until Monday to admit of bis being examined liy a doctor. Naver, it appears, li as been an inmate of the Mary borough hospital for some time, and has nlso received assistance from the Avoea Ladies Bonovolont Society. On being discharged from tho hospital he pro cured a revolver, and threatened to murder several people, und was eventually lodged in gaol at Maryborough. Ultimately ho was allowcd to go, and then returned to Lower Homobush, whero ho had previously resided, uuil by some moans necame possessed or another revolver, with which lie throatoned to do somo damage. On Saturday ho dis appeared and a search being instituted lie was eventually found wandering about the bush with two serious gashes in his throat, which were inflicted hy. himself and laid tho windpipe quite bare. Consiahlo Muleuhy at once arrested hint and brought liiin in to Avoca. Mr F. K. Ormo, P M., presided at tho police court at Moonambol on Wednesday, when Patrick Power sued Mrs A. J. M. Wil son for JC8 2s (id alleged to be dtio for work and labor done. A verdict was given for £7 Os and 5s costs. J. T. Seymour, Truant In spector, summoned Jas. Neil and John lies for not sending their children to school. Tho former was fined 5s, and the Litter £ 1, owing to having been proceeded against soveral times previously, i I i A'ccmmts await aym ;ut at the local stib- i Treasury to Messrs F. Date, K. Kjellgreri, K. Field, IL'Riclitcr, W. Harvey, Howell anil ! Pinch, E. Snell, J. Wise, and Mooiiambcl j Cemetery Trustees. \ Mr Jolm Ilossuck, dentist surgeon, attends daily, at his rooms next Albion Hotel, Mary borough. See advertisement. Continued improvement in the Working Miners' yields. Tiiis week shows 2C.0 oz. Amphitheatre School concert to-night. Ex cellent programme. There is certain to be a large attendance as proceeds go to prize fund. Sale of Golden Stream Company's plant on Moral ly on th; ground at 12 o'clock. Jiio. F. Paten is to sell cattle and pigs, on behalf ol: Mr W. Lauder, at the Golden Stream on Monday. At the Lexlon Police Court on Tuesday, before MrF. K. Onnu, P.M., the Truant In spector lor the district, Mr J. T. Seymour, proceeded against Amor Murphy and William Ransomo, for neglecting to send their chil dren to school the required number of days. A line of 2s Cd was inflicted iu the first- named case and 5h in the second. Messrs W. T Footo and Co., drapers of Maryborough, announce tiieir third grand show of winter drapery this seascn, and have made preparations for opening an entire slock of new goods of all desedptions. A perusal of the advertisement will be advan tageous. In tiie mattur of the Sydney Casual Labor Board scandal and the progress icporl of the Royal Commission, which mdo serious charges of maladministration against Mr John Davics, O.M.O., M.L.C., wlio was chair- man or the board, tlx; Govermrent liave re ceived a report oil the subjiet from Mr I'ilobor, Q.C., to whom it was referred. He .expresses the opinion that ."fir Davies's position does not bring hhn under the pro-, visions of the law under which' a prosecution could be sustained. Mr Dairies, it may lie explained, paid certain Casual Labor Board cheques into his own credit, as lie stated for convenience sake in dealing with ac counts. In two years over £20,000 was spent by the Board on the unemployed. The " Sydney Morning Herald" is gene rally regarded as the richest newspaper property in the colonies, ft is now owned by three members of the Fairfax family. Recently Mr Edward Ross Fairfax, who 1ms gone to reside in England, sold liis share for £1100,000 to Mr James R. Fairfax, The firm was a short time ago given six weeks to con sider an olfcr of one million for liic whole property, but declined it. At the inquest of the Bijou fire it was elicited that out of £1000 granted hy the Government towards the volunteer fire bri gades, £ 1, .800 was expended iu demonstra tions. It could not be proved that the bri gades spent a single penny of Government grant in the purchase of appliances, although with the exception of ilie Insurance Brigade not a single Brigade had proper appliances. rnriuermoiu a sum oi. X I I J . pm. iiowu as expended in appliances had nut been so ex pended. The inquest was adjourned till lion- day. Addressing a meeting of bis constituents in Jury, Lancashire, the Marquis of Hariing- ton declared the time had come when all parties must unite in endeavoring to effect a settlement oil the land question in Ireland, | which, lie considered, was at the root of the present discontent in that country. It is probable that a foot-race will shortly take place between Mr W. Smith of Ballarat East, and MrCleeland of Maryborough. The slake, it is said, will be a good one. The residents of Guildford report that the severest shock of earthquake felt ainee the district has been inhabited by whites, took place just before nine o'clock on Sunday evening last. The trembling or vibration of the earth was accompanied by the usual I noise resembling that of u swiftly, moving I railway train. The line of the disturbance j was between Mount Franklin and Mount Tarrengower. T'bil Robinson says the Tasmanians are lazy. \ nnrmanont naid fire briirado for Bris- bane. Victorian Commission for tho Duuediu Exhibition. ;; Tho Eistodfod is to bo resucitated at Ballarat. ' , Court martinis to bo presided over by a P.M; in future. The Adelaide Tin mining Company is to be wound up. The Sydney Protection Conference has broken up in disorder. Fatal affray between station hands near Cloncurry, Queensland. A miner named John Mutton w.is killcd at Broken Hill yesterday. Tho IValluce statue at Ballarat will be unveiled on the Queen's Birthday. The law is slow, but sure. A man haB just been arrested for a crima committed in 1877. A young mounted constable named John stone has died very suddenly at Beaufort. One of tho Maori footballers dislocated bis clnnw during tho'uiateh at Mary borough. Afr nillwvn's motion to disestablish the Church in "Wales was rojectod iu the House of Commons by 53 votes In tho now system of lighting cars by electricity the train may be broken up at will without affecting the light. Laying u napkin, wrung out of ico water, across the eyes is said to have completely cured a case of insomnia at Brooklyn, Penn A young man named Ford lias been killed ut Halmorul (N.S.W.) by explosion of a Husk of powder, which ho was holdiug in his band. The New Caledonian escaped convicts who recently landed on the Queensland coast have been handed ovor to the French authori ties. Dr. Chaille, the well-known statistician, states' thut tho average life of women is longer than that of man, and in most parts of the United States woman's oxpeotationa of life isgreator. About three o olook on Tuesday morning, Constable Bnatb bad his attention attracted to the manoeuvres of two men who were making their way up Spring Street. He fol lowed on their trail at a safe distance, watch ing their movements, but subsequently lost sight of them. He soon discovered tlmt they disappeared over a yard wall, and he, get ting over the fcuce, arrested them on the other side. One of the men, John Sullivan, was found coticeulod in a closet, and the other 1 man, Phillip Werth, who was admitted to be much tho worse for drink, was crouching un der the shnde of the wall. There was a par- col of clothing lying in tho yard, in which was also rolled up a log of mutton, and Mr James McDonald, tho owner of the 'premises,' making his appearance, he identified the ar- ticles as his property, the clothes having been' hung' out, by his wife, to dry tho previous night. Both men pleaded inniicpnoo of intui tion to ' ROa burgling," insisting that they had only gone in there to. lio down, being chunk and very sleepy. Thoy were brought before the' City Bench oil Wednesday morn ing, when Werth, who was not known bra- fore, got two months' hard labor, and Sulli van three months, ho having been bofore the Court bofore on a charge of larceny. Messrs Merry and Symo report: — The chair market is still depressed, our quotations ire — best green, £7 to £7 5s ; medium, £5 to £5 12s Cd ; inferior £4 10s ; straw chaff up to £4. All quotations bags included. Now Zealand onls sold at 3s 10 to 3s lid; Cnleuttas, 3h fid; Danish, 3b 9d ; Peas, 4s | lOjd ; Cape Barley, good demand, 3i) Cd I clean sample, The Government lew purchased a new and improved diamond driil from the manufac turer.-, Messrs Bullock and Co., of Xew York, ! capable of boring to a depth of 3500 feet. The drill lias been highly recommended to i the Mining department as being a very superior invention, which lias quire super ceded in America diamond drills of the pattirn now in u.-c. in Victoria. The cost of the new machine is £2200, exclusive of boiler ami derrick, and it is fitted with an improved appliance called a thrust register, by which the foreman iri charge can ascer- Uie exact thickness of each stratum of rock that is bored through wiien a core breaks, or lie is enabled to determine whether the "feed'' should be fine or coarse to save tin- iit/'i«<4'll,V IVBiir. ittifl fmip sliitrwwwlu nnil "' " J — ...... when a seam is struck, arid its exact depth. The drill is now being fitted up at Die de partmental sheds in West Melbourne for a preliminary trial, prior to being sont to the Xarracan Valley lo I Hire "for coal. The lucky finder of Ddx; big nugget of 31)0 ounces, unearthed :at,(.Wcddorburn last W"';k, paid a visit to tho Mincs. department with lie treasure. The nugget, a very Handsome one, lias been .modelled for the department and sent to Die department for smelting. The position of West Australia exciting interest. Month Waratali coal miners demand an in crease. South Australian copper miners' strike im minent. A church difficulty at Sale. The parson against ritualism. IviiiL' Humbert goes to Berlin next week on a visit In 1.1m Kaiser. New Boat Offices for ISacchus Marsh, Romscy and Cohurg. An old maq named Henry drowned him self at Brisbane. > The coal miners' strike in Westphalia is producing serious results. The Maori who murdered Die Rook family at Beverly Bay lias been executed. Mr Edmund" Watson of Victoria lias boon murdered by blacks in Queensland. The Chief Secretary has condemned paupor immigration at Footseray. It is claimed that. Die Casllemaine typhoid patients eonlraeted Die disease in Melbourne, A miner named Lyons was severely in jured in tho Black Morse mine, Egerton on Tuesday. Mr O'Keefc's experiences of the "unem ployed" are not of Die pluusnntest doserip. tion. The mail steamer Ionic was disabled two days after leaving New Zealand and had to return. Admiral Fairfax will lay the foundation Btone of the Royal Naval Home, Sydney, next month. The report that Khartoum liadj been cap ttired and Die Mahdi killed is now contra dicted. The cable again. At a meeting held in Sydney, addressed by the Trish Envoys, £2000 was subscribed in aid of Die Irish cause. The Defence Minister says wo want a new war vessel heavily armored, light draught, high speed, with a rain. The idea is Gap- tain. Mann's. Sir James G.arrick, ex-Agent General for Queensland, arrived in Melbourne on Tues day on the way to Brisbane, whither bo goes in "connection with the action in which Sir Thomas M' II wraith and Sir A Pulmur are concerned. . A start to be made with the Portland breakwater. Ninety thousand coal miners on strike in Prussia. The Tasmaniaa railway company lias got the best of it. Charters Towers produced 11,828 ounces of gold during April. The N.SW. Cabinet arc considering Die Mtirruv water question. Mr Dcukin lias assured West Australians thut tliev may reckon on his support. The appeal for help for tho starving Chinese has been liberally responded to in Perth. Tho members ol: the i\ ew houtli wales Assembly are kocpiig up their reputation. The United Stales Supremo Court uphold the validity of Die Chinese Exclusion Act. Clothcs-bnrn'lTig. accident at South Mel bourne. Singular want. of presence of mind. No blainn nituolniil to Die railway officials in connection with the accident at Narau- der.i, N.S.W. . So far Die expcrblieqt , f sending Tas mania!! fruit to Lohifiln has not been a brilliant success. ' v ' The youlb Canllon, charged with shad ing registered Idlers at Tallangalta lias been committed for trial. . A Union steamer Collided with the tug Awliina in the Rangitolo channel, Auckland harbor. The tug bad to lie beached. The four-masted ship Altmnre, with a cargo of coals from Newcastle (o San Frin- eisco. lias been wrecked at; Fiji, and Die passengers and some of Die crew arc inissiug. Tiie chief officer wasdrhwned. Tho estate ol.'Meyorling, where Die Crown Prince fiii'lolnli shot himself, lias been pnr- eli.aseo lor too iicconnt or tno rmipcror Francis Joseph. The late Crown Prince leTt it in liis will to his daughter, Princess Eliza beth. The main building where the tragedy occurred, will bo made into a nunnery of l.lie. Carmelite Order. The room in which the Crown Prince died will he the cliancl. The dependencies will serve as an asylum .for tho aged and infirm in Die surrounding district, and more especially for thogamo- 'kocping personnel who were in tho sevvico of tho Crown Prince. Mr W. O'Brien, M.P., has commenced his threatened action against Lord Salisbury, tho Premier, for libel. The slander complained of was uttered by Lord Salisbury in his speech at Watford on ,19th March, at tho tho opening of tho Conservative Club. A cable message lias been published in tho London newspapers convoying an official do- nial of tlio statement, that tho Government Unin Unnili A\r nliiu yponl Anfli n nan? loan in tho London market at an early date. Amongst financiers tho action of tho Now. . South Wales Government in pledging Uibm- Belves not to float another loan within an early poriod is considered veiy unwiso, as it is generally agreed amongst other exports that tho market next-month will bo exceed ingly favornblo, and That the timo would be splendidly opportune fqj;Die raising of a loan on specially advimtageouB tonus. Tho Railway Commissioners are in receipt of a report from tho officers of tho depart ment appointed to malco inquiry as to tho circumstances of the recent accident at tho junction of tho Mornington and Crib Point linos, by wbioh.Guani Ward was killod. The officials refhrred to find thnt tho accident wan vnusuti mu gmtm tu »wl down tho brakes on tho waggons uftor tho cugint! had been uncoupled. A fatal mining accident happened on Tuesday nt tho Spring Creek alluvial com pany's workings, at Graytown, a famous "diggings" in 1869 and 1870, situated about 11\. milos north-east of Heathcoto. Tho oc currence took placo about half-past twolvo o'clock in the afternooon. Tho workings are 82 feet bulmv the surface. At the time mentioned a fall of earth took place, and a man named Francis Miller was buried under tiic mass. When the body was rccovorcd lie was found to lie dead. A seat, in tiie Now York Stock Exchange now quoted as worth £4300. If. M.S. Orlando and Calliope have ar rived at Adelaide. Legal troubles between New South Wales, and Queonelnd, An evidence of the trend of public opinion ns regards intoxicants was afEordc I on Tues day at a gathering in connection with the Baptist Association of Victoria. 1 he dele gates to the Autumn session of this associa tion yesterday entertained Die clergymen nf other denominations at dinner. Less than a quarter of a century ago. it would have been considered that the festive board had not been properly set out without a due supply of iutoxicuting liquor. On Tuesday there was not a single dinp of fermented or spirituous liquor on any of tho tables. It is rumored in Adelaide, and on what is regarded as good authority, that Die upper crust of society will shortly be shocked by tho publication of the particulars of a societv scandal. Even now. although the detailed particulars are not generally known, the scandal is freely discussed, und it is understood that a citation lias been served on one of Die parties to tho suit in the Divorce Court. It is stated that an elderly gentleman will apply for a divorce from his youthful wife, unri that the co-respondent will be a young genllemaD who has been freely received at the houses of the leaders of society. It is alleged that the elderly husband settled u largo sum of money on his youngl bride. At the Majorca Borough Council meeting on Monday the reports from the health offi cer showed that several cases of diptboria ami typhoid had occured at Majorca. One of the typhoid patients, according to tho town clerk, bad been visiting a friend at Talbot who was affected niththo contagion, and it is sup- posed contracted it in this way. The disease is very prevalent at Talbot also, and an. inaly- sis of the water supplied to tho town (made liy the Government unalyst) strengthens the suspicion that to this source the outbreak there may be safely ascribed. The council of tho SiSbool of Mines, Miry- borougli, has received an intimation from the Education Department, through Mr Out- trim, M.F., that a sum of £2300 would be recommended by the Minister of Public Instruction for maintenance of building purposes. The council appointed a depu tation to wait on the borough council and apply for a grant of the site occupied by the old Town Hall, the present School or Mines, for the erection of suitable buildings. It lias now transpired Dial Die CountesB of Dudley, knowing that tier son was being fleeced in Die Field Club, and failing in her efforts to induce the polico to act, appliod personally to Mr Henry Matthews, the Homo Secretary, to close the club. Three members' of tho Carlton Club are among those arrested. 