The Argus. PUBLISHED DAILY. "I am in the place where I am demanded of con- science to speak the truth, and therefore the truth I speak, impugn it whoso list." TO CORRESPONDENTS. Letters and other communications intended for in- sertion in the news columns should be addressed to THE EDITOR. Rejected letters cannot be returned under »nv clr. cumstances whatever. Correspondent« art tdrtsed to keep copies of their letter«, as the rule will b. adhered to strictly. No notice oan ne taken of anonymous commuDl* cation«. Every letter must he acaompanltd br the name and address of the writer, not necessarily lor publication, nut as a guarantee of good faiUc. To avoid inoonvenlonoe and delay to persons In- terested, we have to request that all business cora, ntunicatlona, includln. advurttsemonts, orders for the paper, and remittances, be addressed to IVluos and MACKINNON, and not to Tu« Konnte Payment« by post-ollloe order, bank draft, or Victorian poititt stamps will oblige. SATURDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1889. The British Association this year was strangely stirred by a paper contributed by the well-known writer, M. DE CHAILLU, on the ancestors of the English-speaking peoples. The object of the essay was to prove that the English are not descended, as is commonly assumed, from the Saxons but from Scandinavian and Danish Vikings, who owned a powerful fleet and who made settlements in Britain before the Roman power was with- drawn from the island. To follow out the theory, we have only to assume further that the English were mainly Scandi- navian colonists ; that in time they asserted their independence, as the colonists of America did in a later age and that the Danish wars, which have become part of the semi-mythical his- tory of England, were the result of an attempt to conquer the contumelious province. But supposing all this to be the case, there is certainly no need for undue excitement. People, as a rule, can be very calm regarding their anees. tors, unless someone begins to designate them by opprobrious terms, and there can be no degradation in saying that the English are descended from a great maritime power which held the do- minion of the seas at the dawn of his- tory. Yet great interest was shown in the theory, and M. DE CHAILLU grewas angry as a Chinese ancestor-worshipper might become because he was met with hostile criticism from every- body. " Patriotism ¡8 a splendid " thing," he wrathfully declared to his opponents, " but let us have truth." We certainly wero not aware that patriotism required us to believe that our ancestors were Saxons of the Elbe, and not Danes or Norwegians. After all, the English race is composite ; and, as Professor MACCALLUM, who bids fair to become a recognised authority on early literature, has been showing to a Sydney audience, it has inherited all tho principal traditions and qualities both of Saxon and Scandinavian. These antiquarian studies have, of course, their proper place; and although they may have no direct bearing upon practical life, they have all the interest which one feels in the home of one's fathers. But it is, perhaps, to be wished that a closer and more scientific obser- vation might be made of the English race, as it has been consolidated, and as it is represented in the pages of actual history. We have a constitution that has been slowly framed in the course of a long struggle against absolute power. Every political measure ia discussed in public, and the humblest citizen pos- sesses the right of appealing against auy injustice to law courts that have been scrupulously freed from political pressure of auy sort. These are the privileges that have been inherited by the democracy. The balance of power has been transferred from one class to the general body of electors, but the safeguards which were invented against arbitrary power for the protection of in- dividual liberty still remain. Js there any possibility that in ignorance and want of thought the familiar bulwarks may bo again destroyed in order that e faction or a party in tho state ma4 pursue its course unchallenged and un- trammelled 1 In this connection some curious circumstances may be noticed by the most casual observer. There ii ia tendency on the part of popular I Government- to do away with the right of appeal to the law courts. That right has been taken away under the most recent Local Option Act; there has been a strong attempt to take it away from merchants who happen to difler from tho Commissioner of Customs; and there aro signs that it may be denied in other directions. Yet the English people fought for cen- turies to secure that very right of public appeal, which they justly recognised to be essential to the freedom of the individual. Are we to have a democratic absolutism in place of tho monarchical absolutism which has been I vanquished . If this be so, we can se» little difference between them, save that the democratic absolutist will probably be more vulgar, more fickle, and, if he thinks ho ia gaining votes, more brutal. A monarchical abso- lutism is bad, but it is constant. A democratic absolutism might be equally oppressive, but it would almost in- evitably bo. changeable and uncertain. This speculation may appear far- fetched. At least, however, we notice an attempt to limit the right of appeal, I and we may add to it as signs of the times the act which, like the old curfew act, closes all places of business at one and the same hour, and the im- position once more of heavy protective1 duties upon the necessaries of life. One bogins to wonder whether the English race, like another SISYPHUS, ia again destined to go through its past labours and struggles. It is urged that giving Ministers the power of summary justice in connection with the licensing law and the tariff is essential to the eflicient working of the statutes. But if the right of appeal is a hindrance to the efliciency of the law, then there must be something utterly wrong and stupid in the conduct of the Government departments. Compara- tively few people care to exercise this right, even though they may be con- vinced in their own minds that they have a substantial grievance. Leg* actions are costly, protracted, and un- certain, and under the so-called reform of procedure they become daily mow prolonged, so that most men mil submit to the dictum of the Ministerial head of a department, unless they ara almost certain that they bave a good case against him. We come, therefore, to the peculiar argua«.* [ that because there are a few W» mieht appeal to the law courts on a just cause, the right of appeal is to be taken away, in order that a Minuter B,ay work in his own fashion. When put in this style the argument ísabBiird and monstrous. It is true that Parlia- ment exists to redress grievances, but the statement that it holds the . Minister responsible is an empty phrase. A political body does, indeed, judge keenly regarding a policy or tho general conduct of an Ad- ministration, but it has neither the time, the capacity, nor the means to enter into the details of each separate case. There are two important principles that should be borne in mind, because tbey represent what is best in tho liberty of the subject. One is ?hat the decisions of every man m authority should be liable to revision; and tho other, that every citizen should have the right of stating his case before an impartial tribunal. Whoever contravenes these principles, even in a small way and on most plausible grounds, does more against freedom than if ho openly attacked representative institutions. . It is to be hoped that there will be a sufficiently strong sense of justice and of decency in the minds of membeis of the Government to cause them to at once repudiate the action of Mr. Dow in transgressing the patent rights of the' patentee of the Pond butter-box. Acc-stomedaswehavcbecometothovory I peculiar ideas which govern the admi- nistration of the Lands department, it is impossible to regard this latest vagary complacently. The Minister has outdone himself.- He has descended to tactics of an extremely questionable character, and not only has he subjected himself to severe condemnation on that account, but he has brought reproach upon the fair name of the colony, which cannot be .tolerated. It appears from his own admission that when his depart- ment was devising means for shipping an experimental consignment of butter to England, the question arose as to what description of receptacle should be used, and he naively told the Legislative Assembly how he acted in the matter. He said : "'"A man in New Zealand named Pond had constructed an enamelled butter box, which occupied a minimum of ipace.whilenot allow- ing any juice from the green wood to enter ibe butter, This was a patent, and a high price waa charged for the boxes. The cbemlst of the department was _B_ed to examine one of these boxes. He took it to ' pieces and showed how the enamel waa made, and how anyone could make a Food's box. Mr. Wilson's lectures, bow ever, drew the attention of one firm of Vic- torian coopers to the matter, and they had applied Pond's patent to the enamelling of casks holding 100 pounds of butter. . . . He (Mr. Dow) hoped that the result of this «dvertnlnt; would he that some other enterprising firm would also make Pond's boxes." The coolness of this proceeding is re- markable, and most right-minded people will' agree with Mr. DuFry's homely comment, that " it was rather rough " on POND." Indeed, it is wonderful that on hearing the confession of the fraud on the unfortunate patentee the House did not at once order that substantial restitution should be made for the wrong done, and that the Minister was not taught in a summary way that this colony will not counte- nance such dishonesty in the future. But possibly members were staggered by the audacity of the action, or may- be they were under the impression that the patent infringed was a Kew Zealand patent, and not a Victorian one, and so it did not matter much. In any case, nothing was said. Attention has, however, again been directed to the question by tho protest sent from Mr. POND from Auckland against the invasion of his rights. And it has been discovered thnt the case is much more serious than was at first supposed. It is a fact that the enamel-lined box is made under a Victorian patent, granted* so long ' ago as 1S8C, and protected by Victorian law until ISO.". So wo have the spectacle of the Government of a colony on one hand granting an inventor a patent and then evading it, simply because it would not pay the patentee the price of his box. If Mr. POND had been a Victorian re- sident the Minister would not have dared to have acted towards him as lie has done; but in this regard it need hardly be said that it is of the first importance that we should keep faith with strangers. Though the subject may of itself bo small it involves the national honour, and we cannot be too sensitive in such circumstances. It would never do for us to allow it to go abroad that our laws are not inviolate, and above all that it should be possible foi the Government to lend itsolf to so mean a proceeding as the infraction of the privileges of a patentee Mr. POND has been much offended against ; he is en- titled to compensation ; and the amount might well he provided by a judicious de- duction from the salary of the Minister. There was a story current a few years ago that the Government of one colony refused to grant a patent for the Westinghouse brake on tho ground that somo day it might require to use it on the Government railways. But as an example of ethics that proceeding was on a high plane as compared with this hist action of the Ministor of Lands of our own colony. Ho seems to have need of o number of experts of diverse pro- fessions on his staff, but he has shown that it will bo quite unnecessary for Parliament to provide him with an expert plagiarist. If in one sense there is nothing now under the sun, thero seems every probability that before long theie will m another sense be very little that is old left. The account given in our issue of yesterday of the changes that have taken place in Jerusalem, as they appeared to a resident who had been absent from the sacred city only two years, can be borno out by the ex- perience of most people who know anything 0f ancient places. One by one the relics of antiquity all over the world are disappearing under the «eight of their own eld, or aro being helped to make away with thom- ee ves by the modernisms that aro faking their place. What ia being done m Jerusalem has been going on for years past in othor ancient and famous cities. Cairo has lost its Slave Market, "s Muski is going the Bame way, and the "commodious villa resi- dence " of modern Europe is rapidly speeading like a noxious weed over j D!.N'S city' Even iu England and other civilised countries a similar process is going on. Bit by bit " Old London" is being carted away in the form ot mbbUh __ buUdi mataríais. in 0tner places " restoration " is doing its work in almost as deadly a fashion; and a few years ago the protesta of Europe only just succeeded in saving from destruction the façade of 'St. Mark's, Venice, which was to have been " restored " out of recognition, and almost out of existence, as well. . The familiar formula of Italian rireroni, " questa moderno," is now more and more frequently heard ; and it seems as if " questo antico " would in time become quite a rare phrase in the mouths of men. The fate that Iftis befallen buildings has also overtaken the productions of those that lived in them. In Jeru- salem we leam that Cashmere shawls, rich brocades and silks, and the sumptuous hand-work of the gorgeous East, are now replaced by cotton prints from Manchester,; gaudy Ger- man shawls, and the tawdry tinsols and cheap velveteens of France. The complaint is a general one, and does not stop even there, It has long been known by the experienced traveller,that much Benares brasswork comes from Birmingham, where the manufacture of curios of fabulous antiquity is also carried on with success. The little fragment of the mummy of Osnus.tliat is offered for sale by the ingenious Arab dealer is as much a stranger in the land of Egypt as the " howadja " who buys it there. Dainty Syrian scarfs, all machine-made, are ex- ported in large numbera to Syria from England. Japanese porcelain is sent from Sevres to the Land of the Rising Sun. It is evident, therefore, that things are not always what they seem ; and before long, per- haps, suspicion will begin to alight even upon the boomerang of the Aus- tralian aboriginal. Before anything so dreadful as this happens, it may be as well to derive what consolation we may from the con- sideration of the gains that in this con- nection have to be set against the losses. For that there are gains of a certain sort from this curtailment of antiquity can hardly be denied. It may be romantic to live in a city where the gates close at sunset and do not open again till sunrise. , But roost people, we imagine, would be content to forego the romance in order to be allowed what the diplomatists call full liberty of action. That railway, again, that is being talked of from Jaffa to Jerusalem is not likely to be an altogether unmixed evil. To some ears, no doubt, the cry might seem strange and incongruous-" Hebron " Junction ; change here for Bethlehem " and the north "-but the iron horse has its conveniences even in pic- turesque and historical lands. In the matter of hotels, too, Miss VON FINKELSTEIN is fain to admit the improvement that has taken place. Except in romances, Eastern caravan- serais do not bear the best of reputa- tions as places of entertainment for man and beast ; but the description given of the new hotel at Jericho is enough to make Melbourne people sadly jealous. Unhappily, indeed, for themselves, Australians seem at present to lack the old without obtaining the full benefit of the new. There are no antiquities in Australia, but Australians are also without many of the practical advantages of modernisms that do so much to make up for the loss of the former. Our hotels are a stand- ing reproach to our civilisation; our railways, pace tho commissioners, still leave a good deal to bo desired. There is nothing picturesque about Little Bourke-street or any of the suburban highways and byways, yet they are as unhealthy and as full of disease as those of many an Eastern city. These matters can be altered and improved, and it is obviously in this direction that our energies may be profitably employed. Time alone can give antiquity, and even countries that I possess it must be conscious occasion- ally that there are disadvantages accom- panying the privilege. There can be no necessity, however, to suffer from the disadvantages without enjoying the privilege. Our cities must needs bo modern for many generations to come. It should be the care of the inhabitants, therefore, at any rate to obtain all that the resources of modern skill and modern experience can furnish. Hospital Saturday has come round again, and to-day and to-morrow the Holbourne public will be invited to sub- scribe towards tho vnrious medical chnritios of tho city. Last year between A'H.OOO and £15,000 was collected ; and in the sixtoon years during which those appeals lmvo been made over £100,000 lues been raised on behalf of the institu- tions that min later to tho relief of bodily suffering. The objects of those who promote and rogulate the distribution ure most catholic in character, and all kinds of medical establishments share in the proceoda of tho collection. Thus everyone may subaciibo without fearing that his subscription will go to Bomu institution of which ho does not approve. The solo claim upon tho fund is that in one way or another the relief of physical suffering is aimed nt, and in this work the sympathies of nil must bo engaged. Thero ai o sevornl reasons why tho gene- rosity of tho public should make itself felt on tho pvosont occasion. Wo are just about to entor upon tho period when for a Bhort timo the city gives itself over to enjoyment, and to indulgence in a form of amusement which is specially dour to Australians. Nothing, therefore, could well bo moro suitable than that, before proceeding to enjoy ourselves, wo should remember the claims of those who through unfortunate) circumstancos aro debarred from doing so. Moreover, fears aro entertained in some quarters that tho rccont remarkable outburst of generosity in favour of the London dock labourers may ha veaprojudiciul oü'ect upon tho results of the prosent appeal. The effect, wo think, ought to bo just tho reverso. It should never be said of us that our own poor and neody aro made to Buller from tho bencvolonce that has bcon shown to the distressed of another city in another part of tho world. Tile poor of London uro nour to us in blood and syinpathios ; but to, Melbourne people tho poor of Melbourne must always bu nearer still. It would bo little short of a scandal if tho sovereigns that woro recently sent so frooly to London should turn out to have boen only divorted from the coffers of our own charitable institutions hore. The mails which will arrive at Adelaide to- morrow morning by the li.M.S. Arcadia will be sent on to Welbourne by special train, leaving Adelaide at noon and reaching Spencer-street at 0,18 a. ra, next day (Monday;. This arrangement will enable the mails to be distributed In Melbourne by the first delivery on Munday. The K.M.S. Ormuz, Captain A. Charlton, arrived yesterday morning from London after a successful puisage. Although there was much inconvenience in Betting the carno on board, owing to the dock labourera' «ttike, it was achieved in good tltae, and everything waa well »towed. This was accomplished by the clerk« from the company's office and the officer« and men of the company'! «teamihlp« Austral and Chlmborazo. The Oimuz bad a ?tey «t home of over three month«, end dat- ing that time extenilve nlterationi and Im- provements were effected. Although a day laie in leaving;, the Ormuz landed her maila three days ahead of contract time. A trial was made of her speed at the Spithead naval review, and a speed of 18_ knots was developed Mr Robert Reid, chairman of the Melbourne Chamber of Commerce, re turned from a visit to Furope bv the Ormuz the RMS Orizaba, of the Orient line, left for London yesterday afternoon, with the outward Australian mails. The Orizaba has been \ery fortunate on the present ontward trip in filling, up to a certain extent with passengers and in taking away a large cargo rrozen meat and chilled butter are among her exports Major Hoad, late adjutant of the Mounted Rifles, sailed for England m the li M S Orirabn, to go through a course of military training in the field A large number of the officers of the regiment went down to bid their comrade bon loyage, and on the tender leaving the veHsel a side three hearty cheers were given for Major Hoad Colonel French, the commandant of the Queensland forces, who is on a mituion to the other colonies in the group, with a view of bringing about a conference on defence matters is again in Melbourne, having re turned from his viait to South Australia. Colonel Trench has had an interview with Mr Bell, the Minister of Defence, in which he again strongly urged the necessity for a con ference of the military authorities of all the colonies He has, however, up to the pre sent not been able to extract a promise that Victoria will send representatives to such a conference The question of combination for defence purposes is now the sub ject ot correspondence between the various Governments without any apparent prospect of an agreement being arrived at, and the Victorian Government in not con vinced that mutters could be brought any nearer settlement by a conference On the other hand it is urged by Colonel trench that, quite apart from the political aspect of the question, the conference might determine on the best mode of carrying out the reeom mendations ot Major General Edwards as to uniformity in the organisation of the forces of each colony, so that when a political apreement is arrived at the way might be already prepared for tederal action Colonel Trench will have another interview with Mr Bell beiore leaving the colony The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly has issued a writ for the election of a member for Ballarat 1 ast to fill the vacancy caused by the death of Mr James Russell The 1st November is the day on which nom na tiona are to be made, the polling will take place on the 8th November, and the date for the return of the writ is the 12th Novem ber The negotiations for the sale of the land bordering on the Yan Yean reservoir would appear to bave entirely fallen through The lowest price at which the syndicate owning it is willing to sell the land is £*i0 per acre, and they require that the Government should purchase the whole area held by them amounting to over COO acres Mr Gillies lins declined to agree to these terms. He con elders the price still far too high, though it is a gr»at reduction on that first asked by the syndicate, and he also declines to purchase more land than is required for the protection ot the reservoir The Chief Commissioner ot Police has had an estimate prepared of the cost, as far as it can be ascertained, of carrying out the re commendations of the police force forran latcd at a recent meeting The principal of these are that every member of the force Bhall be compelled to retire at the age of CO , that the age at which promotion shall cease shall be the same for all memb»raofthe foice that Is per day extra pay shall be granted to all members of the force over the age of C5 years , and that after 30 years' service all members of the force shall be entitled to a retiring allowance irrespective of age It is estimated that the cost of carrying out these recommendations would be £42 285 for the first year, whilst there are other demands which would probably, in future years, m crease that sum considerablj At the instance of the Rnilwny Com missioners Mr Lunt, the engineer tor exist mg lines, and Mr Francis, the traffic manager, during this week inspected the railway line from Ringwood to Ferntree Gully which is juBfc drawing toa completion The line IB?Ï miles in length, and the con tract for its construction WOB let on March 9, 1888 and was to have been finished by the end of November Inat year Mr Lunt and Mr Francis found that the Une had been well constructed and thoroughly ballasted, and that a station had been erected at the terminus and two others at convenient distances along the line It is expected that the line will be opened tor trafile during the second week ot next month While a pissenger tram was proceeding from Spencer street station to Williamstown yesterday morning the engine became de railed at the Spottiswoode station through a defect in the points leading on to a siding Fortunately the engine was travelling nt the time of the occurrence at a comparatively Blow rate of speed, and only went a couple of feet olí the line, enabling the traffic on the down line to be transferred to the up line during the 40 minutes occupied in replacing the engine on the raits 'lbe secretary for Mines has received i telegram from Mr A L lionaldson, the manager of the diamond drill at Coalville stating that a deposit of brown coal has been found bull a mile from the place where the drill is at present at work, and that another deposit has been found at -horpeville, in the same district. '1 he thickness of the seam is not known in either case These discoveries are tile furthest south that have yet been made, and they tend to confirm what has already been otten stated, that the brown coal deposits extend over a very large aten Collections will be made to day in all the principal factories workshops, and places of business in aid of the Hospital Saturday and Sunday 1 und '1 he amount derived from the Saturday collection last year was i.1 78J Is 4d., and the committee are in hopes that there will be no diminution this year 1 he charities which receive a share of the fund aro the Melbourne Hospital Allred Hospital Benevolent Asylum, Women a Hospital, Childrens Hospital, Fje and Ear Hospital, Homoeopathic Hospital, Austin Hospital, Immigrants Aid -ocietv, Col linnwood Dispensary, Richmond Dispen sary, Convalescent Home for Women and Convalescent Home for Men On Sunday selections ot sacred music will be performed by different military and brass bands at the varioua promenades, re creation reserves and public gardens in and around Melbourne and collections will be made after each performance Special choral services have been arranged at many of the churches, and also in the Melbourne lown hall, and MISB 1 lorence Menk Meyer the pianiste and composer, has consented to play sacred selections on the pianoforte at a special seivice m the «ynagogue of the Mel bourse Hebrew congregation m Bourke street at half past 3 on Sunday after noon Hie list of collections in all the places of worship will be published in J he Argus on Monda) His Licellency the Governor paid a visit yesterday afternoon to the Old Colonists Home, for the purpose of formally opening eight attached cottages which have recently been erected The cottages are built of brick after a very neat design, and their erection is due to a suggestion which was made three tears ago by His Kxcellency, who with several other gentlemen subscribed for the purpose After an examination had been made of the whole of the cottages which constitute tile ' Home, ' His Excellency's health, with that of Lady Loch, was proposed by the president ot the association (Mr R Bulderson), on behalf of the members of the council who were present In doing so, Mr ilalderson expressed the great pleasure which it gave the members of the council lo have the presence of His Excellency on such an occasion, adding that their feelings were tinged with regret on account of hu ap proacbing departure ttom Melbourne His Excellency, in returning thanks, said he felt it to be a privilege to have been connected with such a movement, and expressed his desire to be made acquainted in the future with any scheme for extending the good work which wai being carried on by the association, in order that he might further contribute toward! it. He would be very glad to have the opportunity ot not only subscribing for the erection of new cot- tages, but also to the maintenance fund ot the association. He concluded by declaring the cottages open. The proceedings were brought to a close with a vote of thanks to the presi- dent, on the motion of Mr. R. Reid, who has just returned from a visit to the old country. Some 200 persons interested in the transit of firewrod and Bawn timber along the rail- way lines of Victoria met at the Melbourne Coffee Palace last night to consider what was described as the very grave position the firewood and «awn-timber trade is plRced in by the continued inability of the Railway department to supply anything like a suf- ficiency of rolling stock to meet the require- ments of the trade. Several members of Parliament addressed the meeting. It was unanimously decided that those present at the meeting, with as many members of Parliament as could attend, should form a deputation to interview the Rail- way Commissioners on Tuesday next (if convenient to the commissioners), and ask for redress. J Mrs. Emily Kate Thomson, the wife of Dr. Barclay Thomson, of South Yarra, died early yesterday morning under very painful circum- stances. During Thursday night she was suffering very severely from internal pains, and frequently asked her husband tor some- thing to give her relief. He applied different remedies without succeeding in alleviat- ing the pain, and at length she be I came so much affected that he gave her some chloroform to inhale. She bud twice previously taken chloroform without serious result«, bat after she had taken it on this occasion her husband became alarmed when he saw that she was developing grave symptoms. He did all in his power to revive her, and summoned Dr. C. L. Lemprlere to his assistance, but before the latter gentleman arrived Mm. Thomson bad ex- pired. The matter was, of course, reported to the coroner, and in the afternoon an in- quest was held by Dr. Youl. Drs. Mandsley and Lemptiere, who mode the p-it-moriem examination, stated that the heart was weak, and that death was due to the failure of its action, caused by the Inhalation of chloroform. The chloroform, in their opinion, bad been properly administered, and a verdict to that effect was recorded. The deceased lady was only 24 year* of age, and leaves two young children. Mr. Candler held an inquest at Malvern yesterday on the body of tbe fireman named John Box, who was burnt to death daring a torchlight procession on Thursday night. The evidence waa merely a repetition of the facts already published, and a verdict of accidental death was returned. The body was afterwards buried with fireman's honours. The coffin was 'borne on a manual engine, supplied by the Insurance Companies' Brigade, and was covered with flowers sent by the members of the different brigades in and around Melbourne. The Malvern District Band headed the proces- sion, which was s long one, and many persons were arso present at the St. Kilda Cemetery, where the remain, were in- terred. The action brought by Mr. J. L. Purves, Q.C., against the Daily Telegraph for an alleged libel, bas been settled. The alleged libel was contained in an article on the bill introduced into Parliament hy Mr. Service for the protection of witnesses. Mr. Purves considered that some of the allusions in the article referred to bim, and there- fore brought the action. Yesterday Mr. Hood appeared before Mr. Justice Williams in the Supreme Court in support of an application by the plaintiff to strike out the defence, as the defendants bad not answered certain in- terrogatories, but he intimated that Dr. Madden, who appeared tor the defendants, had something to say which would probably dispose of the case. Dr. Madden then said that the action had arisen out of a misun- derstanding. The article of which Mr. Purves complained was written in the abstract, and with the view of reflecting on a supposed evil, and it was not intended to refer to Mr. Purves specifically or at all. It appeared, however, that Mr. Purves had, on a charitahle occasion, at a theatre, taken the part of Mr. Sergeant Buztuz, and some people bad, in conse- quence, thought the article referred to him. The defendants regretted that anything that had appeared shonld have caused pain to Mr. PurveB, or should have been supposed to apply to him, and as they thought that Mr. Purves had reasonable grounds for bringing the action, so tar as he was concerned, they were willing to pay the costs. An order was then made that the action should be dis- continued, the defendants to pay the costs. Hie evidence in the case of Merty v The Queen was concluded in the Supreme Court jesterdoy, before the Chief Justice. Mr It Murraj Smith was examined with the view of Blinwmg that Mr \Y Williams, one of the witnesses for the defence, was in England in September, 1883 It was alleged for the plaintiff that about thnt time Mr Williams WOB in Sydney, and that an order for examining him in Eng land was then improperly obtained Mr Jlobert Watson the engineer in chief of railways, Mr G C Darbyshire, who had been engineer in chief and Mr It Kent accountant to the department, were also examined Dr Madden then commenced to address tht. Court on the evidence, but lu« speech was not concluded when the Court adjourned till next day An action was tried in the Supreme Court yesterday, before Mr. Justice Hodge«, in which Mr Robert '1 hurling sued Mr V O torwood in order to have it declared that he was entitled to a fourth share in a gold mining lease for 10 acres of land at Chiltern 'J he lease hail been issued by the Governor in Council to the defendnnt It was stated that Mr J S Butters M I. C .and Mr F Cross had atone time an interest in the application for the lease, but tbey had now ceased to have any interest in it Hie defendant denied that the plaintiff hal any interest in the lease Mr Justice Hodges decided in favour of the defendant, and dismissed the action Mr Goldsmith appeared for the plaintiff, Mr lopp and Mr Skinner lor the de fendant. An application was made to Mr Justice Willams in the Supreme Court yesterday, by Mr Donovan, for an order to review a de-cision of the justices at Omeo, by which one Thomas Bazeley, the licensee of the Omeo Hotel, was fined £5 for permitting a drunken man to be on his licensed premises. The prosecution was instituted by Inspector Deasey, who was the licensing inspector for the district. It was contended for the defendant before the justices that he was not aware that the drunken man was on his premises, but they overruled the ob- jection, and inflicted the fine. It was sub- mitted by Mr Donovan, for the defendant, that there was no evidence to support the finding ot the justices. Mr. Justice Williams was of opinion that on the evidence the ques- tion was one for the justices, and he there- fore refused the motion lor an order to review their decision. The Tull Court will not sit on Monday, the 28th, but on Tuesday, the 29th, it willett at 11 o'clock, and will then proceed with the case of 'J he Atlornei Oenetal v Qoldibrough and Lo Ltmxted After that case the case of Hitchins i The Mayor of Melbourne will be proceeded with At the sittings of the Full Court in November, the case of ¡stevenson v James will be removed from ita place in the Bpecial paper, and will be placed No 4 in the llstot appeals so as to en_uce of its being dis posed of at that sittings '1 he Geelong arbitration cases in connec tiou with the clo.iug of hotels under the local option clauses of the Licensing Act having now been concluded, Judge Moles worth, who acted as umpire in the cases, will resume his usual duties in the Insolvency Court, Melbourne, after the close of the ensuing week In the meantime, Judue Gaunt, who hat acted in place of Judge Molesworth during the absence of the latter at Geelong, will continue to preside In the Insolvency Court. His services as a County Court judge and judge in insolvency will afterwords be retained for a time by the Crown, and he will act in place of Judge Quinlan, who ii about to have an extended leave of absence granted to him John Runton, a man about 35 years of age, was tried yesterday at the criminal sittings of the -upreme Court, before Mr Justice A'iieckeit, on a charge of perjury Mr Finlayson acted aa Crown prosecutor, and Mr Donovan defended the prisoner The case for the prosecution was that the prisoner was a married man, and thathis wife and children resided in New Zealand For some time before February last the prisoner and a niece of his lived together as man and wife at a house in Collingwood, and on the 13th February a child waa bom to them Its birth waa not registered, and it died in June The prisoner then went to the local registrar of births and deaths to register the death of the child, and, being informed that it would be necessary to register the birth also, gave the registrar the necessary particulars ne staled that it was the child of himself and his wife, Ellen Ruston, formerly Leckte, whereas its mother was his niece, who was named Alice Leckie The defence was that the prisoner did not say that the child was the offspring of himself and his wife, but that the registrar merely asked him the name 01 his wife, which he gave, and the registrar put down the name as being that of the mother of the child 1 he jury acquitted the prisoner, and he was discharged, A competitive prize exmbition of copies from the studies and other art publications of Messrs Raphael Tuck and Sons, made by amateurs and art students, will be opened this morning at Mr Buxton's gallery in Swanston street It ia preliminary to a col lecttve exhibition to be held in London next January, on which occasion diplomas and prizes are to be awarded on the recom mendationof Sir J E Millats, and other Royal academicians Except as encouraging a taste for decorative art, to be applied to domestic purposes, and as advertising the publica tlons ot the promoters, the utility of a display of this kind ia not very obvious Mere mimicry of designs which are showily attrac tive, rather than artistically meritorions, is not a good thing in itself, and therefore re quires no artificial stimulation What is chiefly noticeable in these competitive ex hibits is the talent for flower painting dis- played by several young ladies in this colony, among whom MIBS M M Sasse and Misa K Molyneaux, both of Gee long, Miss ft. J and Miss A Gilpin, of Melbourne, Miss T Lewis, of Carlton, Miss A Copeland, of St. Kilda , MISB M M Box, of Ballarat, and Miss F E M, Rnpp, ot Coleraine, are entitled to special commenda tion A panel of white flowers and fern by the last-named lady is not excelled by any thing in tbe exhibition The figure subjects and landscapes are generally poor, but an exception must be made as regards the latter, on behalf of three pleasing pictures sent in by Mrs R, E. Baillie, ot Toorak A study of a female head, by Miss B 'I bompson, is the best work of its class , and a "Cottageby the Sea " tbe contribution of Miss K Hennelle, of Fitzroy, who is self taught, is full of promise Another self taught contributor, Mr Carl Mueller, of Sandhurst, signs three sea pieces, which denote ability deserving of serious cultivation Nor must we omit to call attention to a draught screen, containing four female ligures, by Mrs E. Duncan, ot Bairnsdale, which constitutes one of the features of the exhibition 1 he twelth annual sports meeting of the naval and military forces of Vic form will be held this afternoon, on the Melbourne Cricset ground, the first event starting at 1 o'clock Thencefor ward they trill) continue at intervals of five minutes up to C o'clock. 1 he programme is of a varied character, in eluding such competitions aB tug ot war, sword, cutlass, and bayonet competitions, single slick mtlce, wheelbarrow and barrel races, in which competitors are blindfold, wrestling pick a back, obstacle race, cyclists' race, go as you please in marching order, menagerie race, and other novel events, in addition to the ordinary running on the flat and over hurdles The military bands will be in attendance. An order issued pre scribes the dress of officers for the occasion us undress uniform without belts or side arms His Fxcellency the Governor and Lady Loch, and Sir William Robinson, will bp present, 'Ihm afternoon the Victorian Orchestra will perform in the Town hall, unde/ the patronage and in the presence ot His Excel lency the Governor and Lady Loch. The programme includes " Rhapsodie Hongroise," No. 4 (Lisi-t), " Reformation " Symphony (Mendelssohn); overture, "Preciosa"(Weber), "c. The next suburban concert by the orchestra will be given on Tuesday evening next, 29th October, in the new town-hall, Prahran. At the Town-hall to night, Miss Florence Menk Meyer, the Australian maniste, will give a pianoforte recital. The programme for this evening's concert comprises five numbers -1. " A fantasia on two Melodies ot Bellini," by Liszt, 2 (a) "Toscata and fuge," Buch-'i-UBSig, (b) " ¡serenata," MOB kowski, (c) " Rhapsodie Hongroise No 12," Liszt, 3 (u)" Urie Souee ,t S. l'etereboury," Rubinstein, (b) "The Tannhnuser March," Wagner Liszt, 4, Sonata, op 53 (allegro, adagio, allegretto, prestissimo), -Jeetho.en , "i (a) Fantaisie, op '1, (b) Berceuse, (c) Bar- carolle, (d) Phantomen, (e) Valse No. 2, Florence Henk-Me>er. 'Little Lord Fauntleroy" has proved a marked success at the Princess's 1 heatre, and the anxiety to obtain seats during the early part ot last week was greater than bas been experienced at this theatre since the Gately company appeared there. A matinée per- formance is announced for this afternoon, commencing at 2 o'clock At this perform- ance the title rolf will be assumed as hitherto by Miss Oh.e Berkley, but in the evening there will be a change in the part, in which Miss Oracle Hopkins will make her first appearance. The "Merchant of Venice" was plaved for the last time at the Theatre Boyal last night. -he management have abandoned the idea of a Shakspearian season, and the strong company at the Royal will appear this | evening in Boucicault's drama, "Led \ Astray." "The Beggar Student," which 1ms drawn ¡ large audiences to the Alexandra Theatre, is nearing its close, the last 12 nights being an- nounced. The company have other operas new to Melbourne audiences to fallow, the first of these being Celliers "Sultan of Mocha." [ " The Royal Guard" has been successfully played at the Opera-bouse during the week, with Mr, Edwin Thorne in the leading part. It will be continued this week, and succeeded by " Antony and Cleopatra." Mr. Kennedj'a mesmeric performance at St. George's Hall is being freely patronised, and will be repeated to-night and during the coming week. The Silbón Stirk Combination, with other clever performeis, draw large audiences to the Exhibition nightly. A new programme is announced for this evening. In connection with Worth's Circus, now performing in Swanston street, an entirely new programme will be given to night. The American Midgets have been on view at the Athenäum hall during the week, and will continue for several nights tonner. Per- formances also take place in the after- noon. The monstrosities at the Royal MuBeum, coupled with a variety entertainment, bring good audiences to the building every evening, A change of programme is announced for this evening. We have received the following contribu- tions for the fsmilv in distressed circum- stances, on whose behalf an appeal was made in 'J ne At gun by the Rev. R Williamson : G. A. Grant, £1 Is ; R.L, £1 ; E F.li, £1 ; L , £1, W C , £1 : Mrs. Blannin, 10e ; Mrs. Jamison, 10. , R.H., IO*, X.Y.Z., 10s Tho honorary treasurer of the Increased Hospital Accommodation lund, Sir Benjamin Benjamin, M. I. C , desires to acknowledge the receipt of the following contributions - first moiety of Government grant, £5,000 , employe* Makutz and Barke, £1, proceeds of concert under the aoapi-e. of city of Rich- mond branch of Australian Natives' Associa- tion, per secretary, £15, Rev Christopher Nulty, per.Kew branch, £5 The concert of the Curlews, which contributed £30 (acknow- ledged toms days since), was organised by the Fitzroy branch. The honorary secretary of the Victorian branch of the Imperial Federation League delina to acknowledge the following aub scrlptions.-Messra W. Small, ills.; Thos. H. Lempnere, £lls., Thoa. J Finlay, fills.; J and R, Callaghan, fille., H N Proctor, «2 2a,, "A Friend," 10s., Alfred Ross, 10s.6d , H C Creswick, fills., Henry Henty fills., Robert Walker, £1 Is , Theophilns Ham, £1 Is, Waiter Briggs, ii la, William Knox, ii is , A. Lyell and Co., £1 Is Total, £14 lia 6d Mr G T Langridge has been appointed a aworn valuator nnder the Transfer of Land Statute From Mr M L. Hutchinson we have re- ceived a parcel of children's books, which gives the first indication that the Christmas Reason is approaching Two little books for very young children, with illustra tiona drawn and coloured by T Pym, are admirably done C/iatterbox for 1889, My favourite Sforji Bool, Sunday Pending for the ioung in 1890, and the Storytrlling Album foi Boys and Gills, are somewhat more advanced, profusely illustrated with spirited engravings, and full ni sound and inte resting reading matter of a varied elm racter 1 he third annual concert! of the Choral Society at the Melbourne Church of England Grammar School is to be held on Wednesday next, in the presence of the Bishop ot Mel bourne and Mrs Goe -he friends ot the society have been invited to meet in the big schoolroom at 8 o'clock A varied and interesting programme will be presented, in eluding Haydn's " Toy Symphony." The Choral Society has now been in existence lor four years and ia increasing in strength and efhciency, there being at the present time over 50 members Four Victorian students, Messrs R K Bird, S A Ewing, C Godfrey, and J Kelly, who sailed for the old conntry early thisyear, obtained the degrees of L R.C P , L R.C 5, and L M , Ed , at the examinations held in October. Anniversary services in connection with Wesley Church, Lonsdale street, will be com menced to morrow, and the Rev W Kely nack D D , of Stanmore College, New South Wales, is advertised to preach morning and evening A sermon on gambling, preached by the Rev W Stacey Chapman, at the Athenoum hall, a fortnight ago, has been published The sermon is based upon some remarks in the recent "charge' of the Bishop of Man chester (Dr Moorhouse), and is a timely and earnest protest against gambling In connec tion with horse racing, which the preacher denounces as a grave and growing danger to the community Messrs Melville, Mullen, and Slade are the publishers of the sermon In our advertising columns is published a requisition from the ratepayers of the Bourke Ward to Councillor Richard Bowen, JP, asking that gentleman to be nominated for the vacancy on the City Council caused by the expiry of his term of office Mr Bowen has acceded to the requesr. and will address the ratepayers at Harrison s Railway Hotel, near the North Melbourne Railway Station, on Tuesday, at 8 p m The Tasmanian Steam Navigation Com pany's s s Pateena is announced to sail for Launceston this afternoon at 4 o'clock The s.S. Courier will make an excursion trip to morrow to Portarlington and Gee- long, leaving Queen's Wharf at 11 a.ra The p s Ozone is advertised to rqn to Queenscliff and Sorrento to day, and also to- morrow On and after Tnesday next the Ozone will run dailv-, Fridays excepted On a recent trip the Orone did the run from Queenscliff to Port Melbourne in 1 hour 44 minutes The attention of Sunday school teachers is desired to be directed to the advertisement m reference to the annual meetings of the Sunday school Union An entertainment, comprising tableaux vivants and concert, will be given by ama- teurs in the schoolroom of All Saints, East St. Kilda, on Monday evening next, in aid of the Deaconesses' Home, Little Lons dale street. Messrs Wra Howard Smith and Sons Limited announce by advertisement that tbe as Edina will commence her Sunday trips to Geelong and Portarlington to morrow (Sunday, 27th mst X The Edina has been thoroughly overhauled and re furnished The usual fortnightly meeting of the South Melbourne Ladies' Benevolent Society was held in town hall on Tuesday There were 80 coses relieved, being-11 widows, 10 deserted wives, and Beveral aged and infirm persona, totally unfit for work The outlay for the fortnight was £17 18a All subscriptions and donations will be thankfully received and acknowledged either by Mrs. Taglestone, ]_ and S Bank, Bank street, or by Miss I ullatton, secretary, St Vincent place, Albert park. _ 