Current Events. From English papers fi> band we learn that Mr.' Frederick William Uonkin, and Mr.Henry Stone, both Queensland olonista, have been eleoted Fellows of the Foyal Colonial Institute. Mr. Jack has sent. nt i-ito the critical world a lict'e pamphlet on s.me salient points in the geology of Queensland. It contains the sub stance of an address before the Australasian Association for the Advancement of Science, delivered in connection with the section em bracing geology and paleontology. It must be a most useful fragment of information on a very great subject. "We are informed that Mr. Alexander Stewart, of Stswart and Hemmant, has handed to the secretary of the Industrial Home a cheque for £350, being a contribution to the cost of the new steam laundry machinery to be erected at the Industrial Home, Nbrmanby. The total expense is expected to reach about £S0Q, and the committee are appealing for other contributions to the fund. The following tenders havo been accspted by the Works Department: For the erection of quarters at Cairns for the sergeant of police, Brown and Pollock, £453; for ths erection of police sergeant's quarters at Mackay, the tender of Lamb and Little, £61S, time 14 weeks. Fresh tenders are to be sailed for the AdaTsle post and telegraph office. The mail steamer Dacca, Captain Stone, from London to Brisbane, via ports, arrived at Brisbane on Saturday last. At Port DongLs' 10 immigrants were landed, S3 at Townsvilte, and there were on board for Brisbane 17 married couples, S6 single men, 106 single women, and 5G children. Owing to the" depression existing at Townsville the agent there endeavoured to persuade the immigrauta to go on to Mackay, but only five volunteered. The Railway Commissioners intend leaving Brisbane to-day (Saturday) for the purpose of inspecting the different northern lines. They will be accompanied as far as Rockhampton by Mr. H. C. Stanley, Chief Engineer for Rail ways, and will make a stay in each district sufficiently long to enable them to go over the railway lines. At TownsvilU they will be joined by Mr. Annett, Chief Engineer fir .Northern and Carpentaria raiiwsys, and if tine permits will go on "to the Gulf, where they wilt inspect the N'ormanton-Croydon railway. A match took place on August 16 between team? selected from the Parliamentary Rifle Club and Gympie Rifie Clnb. The firing took place simultaneously at Toowong and Gympie respectively, and resulted in a -victory for the Gjmpie team by 24 points. The conditions of the match were seven shots each at 200 yards, 300 yards, and 600 yards. The Gympie men scored 5SS. The parliamentary scor.s were as follow: Mr. John Hamilton, M.L.A., 91: Hon. A. J. Tnynne, M.L.C., SS; Hon. W. Aplin, M.L'C., 84; Mr. M. Mellor, M.L.A, 78; Mr. W. Smyth, M.L.A., 77; Mr- A. S.: Cowley, M.L.A, 75; Mr. F. R. Murphy, ML.A, 71; total, 564. Mr. R. H. Hyne met with an accident on Augast 16. Mr. Hynehad occasion to visit the schooner Mayflower, at Messrs M'Ghie, Lnya, and Co.'a wharf, and while on board ass'sted in doing some repairs now being iffe.ted on the Teasel. At the moment of the cocnrrence Mr. Hyne was holding a piece of wood, and one of the men was swinging a maul. Without any warning the head slipped off and struck Mr. Hyne on the side of his head, cutting his ear, and rendering him insensible. As soon as posdble the suSerer was removed to the Belle Vue Hotel (his Brisbane residence), and Dr. Porcell sent for. The doctor stitched the wound, and ordered Mr. Hyne to remain in his room for two or three days. : It will be remembered that when the boat in charge t i the first mate of the wrecked barque Mallsgate arrived near Double Island Poin*, an aboriginal named Jimmy Porter rendered the unfortunate men a great deal of assistance., and generally acred the part of the good Simaritaa to then. By way of rewarding him for his kindnes= the Government have caused clothes, flour, and tobacco to be given to him, and as a more lasting memento, ii has been decided to present him with a plate and chain similar to those •worn by some of the coloured kings. The plate trill bear the following inscription: "Presented by the Government of Queensland to Porlor nnki (commonly known as Jimmy Porter, of the Taloom tribe), .in recognition of the kind ness and assistance he rendered the ship wrecked crew of the barque Mallsgate. who landedsome IS miles south of Double Island Point on July 3!, 1683." Some time ago Mr. Fison, inspector of fisheries, with the consent of the Col -nial .Treasurer, set apart several oyster beds in Moretoa Bay for the benefit of excursionists. These beds are sitnated'at Southport, from opposite the Labrador Botel to the Grand Hotel: from the jetty at Cleveland tj Sandy Island, and thence to the police paddock, the reef- round King and Green Is'aude, the shore at Manly Beach^ the beach at Wynnum, and the shore at Sandgate right round to Castlereagh Point, Hampybonp. It came to the knowledge of Mr. Fisoo, how ever, that persons were in the habit of taking large quinties of the oysters away in bags and selling them. Early on Sunday morn ing he paid a visit to the bede at Green Island, anu found that several bags had been filled, and were ready to be taken away. A boat was also handy, and only watting for the tide to e nvey the cargo to a convenient landing place. The men in charge of the boat were con siderably astonished at Mr. Fieon's appear ance, and were cautioned that a repetition of such conduct woulu result in an infi-rmation being laid against them. Ths oysters were then emptied into the water. In order that persons mar know the risk they run, it may be stated that these found guilty render them selves liable to a fine of £50 and to the loss of boats. A very pleasing oeremo&y; took plaoa on board Messrs: TVm: Howard Smith and"Sons Derwent on Sondsy, when Captain Andrews was presented with an address expressing ad miration of his seamanship, signed by Dr. K. I. O'Doherty, Messrs. W. Little, 11 LA, >v. E. O. Trill, B. North, jnn , and a number of others. Mr. John Smith, who took a prominent part in Brisbane as a theatrical agent, and was for some time joint lessee of the Gaiety Theatre, succumbed on August lfi, at his res.denco in George street to the effects of a tall ircm his horse at the beginning of Juno last. Ibe deceased gentleman had also a long connection with the Order of Oddfellows, and at the time of his death waa Master of the Lojal Hope of Enoegera Lodge. The te-.cher of the provisional school at Dunwich makes the following appeal for olotb throcfgh the Aborigines' I*iotection Society, on behalf ot the children attending the abori ginal school at Dunwh'-h. He Bays: *51 hare 15 children attending the day school and 18 the Sunday school. About half of that number come under the head of neglected children, boys and girls, ages ranging from 7 to 13 J years. Any old left-off clothes would be acceptable, size no object, as I could get them made up. I would be most happy to acknowledge any parcel sent either through the Press or past. X am happy to say the children are making rapid progress in their studies, and are punctual in their attendance, but the want of clothes has been a great drawback." A fire occurred at Mr. Christopher Goan's property, near E Ugandan, late on Saturday evening last, by wbieh a barn, stable, and buggv-shed were destroyed. Mr. Goan left the place early in the afternoon, and took a horse to Teviotville. Returning about 10 o'clock he found the place in flames, and so fa* f gone that he could gave nothing but a chaff cutter, which was outside the bam. Some harness and implements were amongst the property destroyed. Mr. Goan is unable to account for the mishap, as he left no fire burn ing in the ylace, and indeed was not in the habit of having a fire there, as it was his custom to have his meals at a neighbour s house. The damage is estimated at £300, but the buildings were insured for £175, and the contents for £25, with the Mutual Fire and Company of Australasia. Ald-rman J. H. Hooker, of Brisbane, gave an address on. tobacco cultivation, on Saturday August 10, at thB Marburg School of Arts, Mr. J. L. Frederick, J.P., presiding. Mr. Hocker gave muoh advice on the subject, and furnished a good deal of general, infor mation a6 to cultivation and preparation. The supply of colooial tobacco leaf, he said, was totally inadequate to meet the demand, ana having tried tobacco growing in the Rosewood district he was sure it could be successfully carried on. The country within a radius of 100 mil'.s of Brisbane was the portion best suited for tobacco growing, and none of it was better than Rosewood, in which tobacco growing might become a very profitable industry. The fcubjfct matter of the address waa contained in a pamphlet printed in German, and Mr. Hocker left a number of copies atd some tobacco seed for distribution amongst the farmers. It has been known in business circles for some time past that conciliatory i egotiationi have been taking placebetweenrepresentativesof the two gas companies. We understand that the arrangemerta have now been completed, not for amalgamation, but for a suspension or abolition of competition. The exact nature of the agree ment haa not transpired, but we have reaaou to believe, that the South Brisbane company will in future confine its operations to the south side, and tbe Brisbane Gm Company to ^ the north side of the Brisbane river The division of plant, pipes, Ac., has been satisfactorily arr&oeei.; The offer cf the South Brisbane com pan v was formally accepted at a special meeting of the Brisbane Gas Company's directors en Monday. Both companies of Biia bins announce that cn and after September I next the price of gas will be os. Sd- per 1.000, with a discount of 10 per cent for prompt pay ment, making the net price 6s per 1.000 The , net price at present :i 3s-.6d. per ' ,000 feet. A clinutolozic 1 station, fitted with self regist rinz therm: meters, was last week established by the Government metecrologb-t, at the Acclimatisation Society's 'gardens, Bowen Park. Tbe secretary, Mr- William Soutrer, has generously undertaken ^ 'o take charge'of the Instruments and to fnrni.*h read ings daily. The*e are now eight stations^ of this c!a*s around Brisbane and suburb*, so that peculiarities of local climate can bt adequately compired and discussed. Another station will shortly be completed at Tocwcng, Mr. Wragge hepes eventually to he in a po-. rition to erect self-recording i etrcm^nts on ho summit of Monnt Coottba. Tbe value to *be medical profession and^ hygienic foterctfa generally rf these local climatoiogical -tat:or.s placed at Tarring alti'udes—on hills and rifles, pockets and* gullies—-will be very manifest The complete tables are published monthly in the " Government Gazette," and many of the extreme temperatures in the daily reports. The Endden death of Mr. Ernest H. Webb i on Wednesday has cast quite a gloom_ over commercial, banking, aid insurance men in the city. The deceased gentlemen was not only well known and highly rvspecvfcdasthefeccretaty of the I Queenelicd branch of the A~M.P. Society, but in connection with several enterprises, and not ably in connection with the Defence Force. For many years the name of Major Webb waa foremost In all matters relating to the Defence Force generally acd to the horse; artillery particularly. He retired *cme! mcnths ago, when he- was promoted to the rank of lieutenant-colonel. For some years he was Danish Consul in this city. Mr 'Webb wa* also s warm promoter of river sports. and of late years took « deep it'em.- in Chtirch cf England affairs. The cuis> cf his death is attributed to heart disease. If appears that he K»d retnm»d to his home at K my J.roo j Pottt from tbe erIrion >y'y -be noon, uni was seated in a chair when be quietly I passed away- ' An official report has been received at the Treasury stating that arterian water has been struck in the Baoeoourae bore at a depth of about 1,500 feet. Tbe water is soft sad plea sint to the taste. It contains a small quantity of alkali and a considerable volume of gas, which is easily ignited, and burns with a clear flame at the surface of the water on the application of a lighted match. The volume of discharge has not yet been measuied, but it is estimated to amonnt to 2C0 gallons per hour, or about 5 000 gallons per day. The temperature is 85 degrees Fahrenheit. A sale of Crown lands was held at Ipswicb, by the meal land agent, on Tuesday last, when a number of country lots, in the parishes of Tenthill, Blenheim, Bowman, Brassall, and Clumber, ranging from under 2 acres to 37 J lores in -ize, were offered There was a poor attendance and competition in only one case where J. Brimblecnmbe gave £45 for 35 acres of land at Sandy Creek, near Laidley, which was put up at £ I per acre. Thirteen other lots were sold at the upset price, and the proceeds of the sale amounted to £593 5s. exclusive of fees. The first of the ceries of football matches be tween New South Wales and Queensland players, took place at the Association Grounds on August 21. There was a large attend ance, fully 3,000 persons being present. The ground was in beautiful order; a splendid band was also in attendance. Tho following repre sented New South Wales : Back, M'Mahoi,; three-quarters, Flynn, E. Huttcn, and Colqnhoa ; halves, Beech and Moses; forwards, Belbridge, Hungerford, Otway, Newell, Hill, Meagher, Palmer, Neill and Shaw. The fol lowing represented the Queensland men: Back, Earvall; three-quarters, Abbott, Anderson, Speakman, and Exton; halves, Orr and Bennie; forwards, Hughes, Stronge, Ea3on, Hadwin, Morton, Peirson, Carr, and Heusler. When time was called, the score stood: New South Wales, 19; Brisbane, 12. Mr. A. Hale aoted as referee, and Messrs. Jaggar . and Hillier assisted as line umpires. It is somewhat difficult to select tbe best players, but those who showed up most prominently were — among tbe visitors, Palmer, of Bathurst, Colqnhon, Newell, Belbridge, Shaw, Moses, and Hntton, an old Brisbane Grammar Sohool boy, and now of the Sydney University. The Qneenslandeis were notably Speakman, Carr, Exton, Anderson, Hughes, Orr, and occasionally Abbott and Darvall, but neither of the two hut named were quite np to their nsnal form. 