Thoughts on the Questionlpf Agricultural Teaching in Tasmania, in Connection with the Present Scheme for Technical Institution- ', There is little need of argument to show the benefit of instruction in Agriculture. That an Agricultural School is wanted in Tas mania may be taken for granted, inasmuch as waste of labor, capital, and land could be prevented by proper training, both of farmers and farm laborers, further, by such a school the producing powers of the country could be greatly increased, and a career on the land opened to many young men who are now crowding into the towns owing to a dread of the difficulties of farm ing with which they have never been taught to grapple. Many parents who could provide their sons with capital to make a start in farming, would be glad to send them to a place where they could be trained for it. In support of the above ideas, may be instanced the appreciation of the Agricultural schools which have been started in New Zealand and Victoria; Can didates for the school in Victoria are so far in excess of the present accomodation that it is contemplated increasing the accommo dation fourfold. Besides, in England schools have recently been opened to train young men for colonial life, which are attracting a large number of students, a leading part of the course being the theory and practice of Agriculture. Granted that adequate funds and competent teachers were pro vided, the idea of training for colonial life in the colonies could hardly fail to com mend itself. If such a school were estab lished here, arid information circulated about it in England, it might be anticipated that there would be many applications for admission. Information could be given and applications received at the Agent-General's office. There are numerous instances of young men being sent out to learn under private individuals, and even paying large premiums to gain colonial experienca. In many of these cases the experience has been dearly bought. An Agricultural College could provide better for such cases, and, moreover, it would give an opening to a desirable class of immigrants to settle on the land after first learning the conditions of profitable farming. However, we need not look so far as England ; there is a local demand for instruction in Agriculture if it is thoroughly practical. And there is one very important condition necessary to its being 'practical —The men engaged in the work of teaching must have local know ledge and experience. The experiment has often been tried of sending to the other side of the world for a man to conduct a business requiring local knowledge. Great confidence is placed in him at first, but be fore long he astonishes men by his mistakes. His experience is gained at the expense of the country. By the time that he has gained it, and is capable of being really useful, people have lost all1 confidence in him, crying out for some one to take his place. 'The farm attached to an Agricul tural School could bemade to pay part' of its expenses through the labor of the stu dents. But the object should not be so much to make the farm itself pay, as to make it a means of teaching everything. Also experiments shpuldbe made there for the benefit of the country. ,. a ' . There must be some : expense chiefly, at theoutset, but no outlay on education will give a better return. The effect of such schools in Denmark may be cited as an ex ample. Formerly the produce of that country brought a low price in the' English market, on account of its inferior quality. Now the case is altered. Danish produce commands the highest price ; and it is said that there is an increase of over two mil lions sterling in the annual : value of ex ported produce. This change was mainly brought about by the King, and others in terested in the welfare of their country; the Kingespecially worked hard to establish systematic instruction in everything con nected with agriculture. The resulting gain to Denmark is very great. The question before us is— How are we to do the same thing here, and what will it cost fe dp it ? Something may be learned on. these; point? from the Agricultural Schoor at Dookie, in Victoria. The Government providethe land and buildings, and over £1000. (one thou sand) per annum is paid in salaries. If it is urged that Tasmania cannot afford .so much, it may be said in reply that, she soends £1600 a year' in giving an English' University Education to eight students, and that it would be hard to show what tan gible benefit has resulted to the colony therefrom. As the case stands now, we see a gift by the colony of expensive training to young men, who, as a rule, either turn their backs on it, or return to swell the lists of lawyers and doctors, lists which would become full .enough by new comers who. had .paid for theaown education. Half of the amount thus annually sent out of the country, would endow an institution in the country suffi ciently to demonstrate practically the use fulness of instruction in agriculture. Less than half would suffice if we. take advan tage of the following circumstances :— ? ' There is a Government farm at New Town, which for some time past has brought in a large profit under Mr Holding's skilful management. Why not place the students under him for practical instruction ? Some addition should be made to his salary for the additional trouble. This would cost far less than engaging a special instructor. Mr Harding possesses an amount of local ex perience that would render his services more valuable than those of a stranger to the country. The Government farm is not sufficiently extensive to give scope for the labor of a number of students, but there is reason to believe that additional land . can be leased close enough to the Government farm to enable Mr Harding to look after both. Then there is the staff of the Tech nical School at Hobart, within reach of New Town. The, classes at the Technical School are now attended by students from New Town.' At these classes they could receive instruction in Book-keeping, General and Agricultural Chemistry, Plan Drawing and Measurement of Land. , Nearly all the ad ditional teaching they would require could be given, by- a single resident master, who f should undertake the. boarding discipline, arrangement of work, and communicatyon w'ithfparents arid guardians. In this '.way. byltakhig advantage of two existing' insti tutions, the Government farm under Mr Harding, and the Technical, School in Hobart under its present staff, an Agricul tural School might be formed' with com paratively little expense. There are details of all sorts to be considered, respecting which valuable information can be obtained from practical men here, and from the Agrir cultural Schools in the other colonies. The principal points for consideration at present are — ' . '- ; .' ' '..' ? / , . (1.) Is an agricultural school wanted ? . (2.) Can it be started with a fair prospect of success, on the lines indicated above 1 (3.) Will the country approve of the necessary support being given ? — Webster's Tastnanian Agriculturist. - 