FRIDAY. Sir Samuol Griffith again interpellated the Premior on tho subject of the Western Austra lian difficulty, aud Mr. Morehcad replied that his Government aud that of Now -'outh Wales wero endoavouring to got tho Victorian Government to consent to a conference, when an Australian opinion would bepiven on many matters connected with tho westorn colony. Tho resumption of the adjourned dobatc on tho sugar industry was taken up by Mr. Black, the Miuister for Lands, who be ginning -it tbo bogiuning of Colored Labour in Queensland, mado an exhaustive speech on tho subject — a speech characterised by tho sound common sense for which this gontlo man is noted. Ho spoke of tho bonefit derived by tho whole colony from tbo progress of the sugar industry : how tho farmers and squatters of the. Darling Downs found profitable markets for their grain and stock on the plantations of tho north, and how many important centres, such us Buudaborg nud Mackay owed their prosperity, almost their existence entirely to that industry. Dealing with the assertion that tho planters tried to render nugatory Sir Samuel Griffith's scheme of cheap Continental labor, Mr. Black showed that tlm planters ac tually disbursed considerable suina — the Mackay Farmers nnd Planters' Association, ,£281 Gs Id — to take advantage of that scheme, but in vain because of letters written by Danes and Germans in tho South of Queens land to Danish and German papers, asserting that peoplo would be brought to Queensland to bo mado slaves of. 4s for tho Central Mills, no provision had bcon made that tho cane crushed by these should be grown by ivdito men, so tbat tho greater portion was actually grown by kanakas, such cane fetching a far higher price than tho other. With respect to reciprocity with Victoria, Mr. Black thought Victoria would agree to admit Queensland sugar free if tho alternative were a duty on Victorian Hour. Coming to the question of colored labor, the Minister, who is or wns a. planter himself, declared, as every other pUuter declares, that sugar can no more bo grown in Queensland than elsewhere with out cither cheap suitable labor or bounties. Bounties ncro out of tho question, whereas there was no objection, except a political one, against island labor. Of course a white Queensland was an excellent electioneering cry, and whoever askuil a crowd of meu whi-tbcr they would have Queensland for tho white man or Queensland for the black man, would bo certain to receiro a unanimous verdict in favor of tbo white man. This, however, ili.l not touch tho question, socinsr thatQuccus Imi 1 would remain a white man's land just as much with kanakas working in thecano-brake us without any cane-brake for them to work in, and a much morn prosperous land for the white man too. It was shown — us wo showed long ago — that the man who wrote the ' minority report ' beliuvod in colored labor as much as anybody, as was confessed, no doubt unconsciously, in every page of that docu-.rent. Finally, it was shown that us far as the Polynesian Labourers Act was concerned, its abolition would not necessarily abolish colored labor. There was no law against colored men coming to Queens land as freo immigrants, and an such they would probably bo brought if the laud of the law refused to allow them to be brought as indented laborers. Mr. Barlow, who followed, pooh-poobeil the latter idea. A law could be passed to keep nny person with a colored skin out of tin* colony, and it would bo passed ton-if required. Mr. Barlow made a long speech duriiif: which ho came very frequently in contact with Mr. O'Sullivan, it was difficult to see for what reason. Mr. Little said he was only a delegate, pledged to support the leader of the Opposition on this question, but he knew hoHvas doin^ wrong. Tho hon. member for Woothakuta gave some interesting information showing the bonefit derived by tho country, more especially by tho white laborer, from the em ployment of kanakas. Mr. Corfiold compared the abolition of colored labour to 'making a desert and call ing it poace.' Mr. Perkins now delivered a fairly charac teristic speech. Ho asserted that the hon. member for Toowoomba had askeil ' Do you prefer that the sugar industry should perish, or that you should continue black labor?' He had not answered the question himself as he had not the courage of his convictions. ' I prefer,' said the hon. mem'ier for Cambooyn, ' that the sugar industry should llourish, and whether tho lnbor employed is black or yellow or half-bruuil, I hcliuvo it .should go on.' Thu hou. inembiT for Toowoomba bad vciy nearly admitted tho truth — as nearly as ho dared Mr. Drake, in spite of all evidence to the contrary, was convinced that kanaka labor c.imo into scrinns competition with white labor. He did not in the least earc uhout tho sugar industry being extinguished, as thoie who would be thrown out of work thereby would find relief in the springing up of in dustries whose raw material would he Riigav — chocolate, jams, jellies., confectionery ! This is excellent. The carters and crushers, and millwrights and wlnvf ??i-rvr? of to- day can turn their bands to the manufacture of choco latn creams to-morrow. Tho Insfc spaeecb, and by fiir tho best yet made, because the most practical in all its bearings, came from Mr. Philp, Mr. Mac rossim's colleague in tho representation of Townsville. So clearly has Mr. Philp put the case that wo intend dealing with bis speech in our next issue, not being able to iirnl room here. On the motion of Sir. Glassoy the debato was adjourned, and on the motion of Mr. Cowley its resumption was fixed for 30th August. The House adjourned nt 10.8 till to-morrow, when Supply will bo dealt with. 