BRITISH AND FOREIGN MEMS. I \- SfojB^"^ and mineralogically, Nicaragua IB said to be the richest epot in America. In Otoe small district of japan 1178 horses were slaughtered last year hir Use as food. The street sprinkling of Springfield, Mo. (AmeriaJ, is done by the Fire Department. The *>lite of Japan wear the native drees indoors and the American styleB on tire stttet. The fastest of British cruisets,the Sheldrake 21 knots, just launched, is a steel twin screw. Boston iB said to be the greatest market in the United StateB lor the sale of lottery tickets. The next House of Commons will probably be ready to do away with hereditary lawmakers. Labouchere, of London Truth, started a f ubecription in aid of Pilot's orphans with a £50-note. It is said to be an Australian who is giving .£100,000 to found a national portrait gallerv in England. The Prince of Wales was for the fifth time installed as Grandmaster of Freemasons in England. France, Austria, and Germany have adopted smokeless and almost noiseless gunpowder for their armies. A paper read before the Historical Society of New York states that there are 5530 lawyers in New York. It was arranged that the assassination of the Czir would be the signal for a general rising throughout Russia. Emperor William II. is the first Russian - speaking King of Prussia. Prince Bismarck •speaks Russian fluently. For the three months ended March 31 last 78,005 gallons of Australian wine were imported into London. .Captain Murrell, who rescued a lot of Danish emigrants, has received a splendid ovation on hiB return to England. The Mahdi threatens to iDVade Egypt if the Khedive and Queen Victoria do not embrace the false prophet business. ^Eaglish army authorities are considering a project for enlisting young boys and letting them grow up into soldiers. Colonel Maitland, who had control of the Woolwich Arsenal, has had toi resign. Immoral and depraved conduct. A Birmingham firm runs machines of various firms by compressed air. There are four miles of pipes laid already. The New Jersey man who hit upon the idea of attaching a rubber erasing-tip to the end of lead pencils is worth £50,000. The Queen has offered the DucbeBS of Cambridge's house in St. James's Palace to the Duke and Duchess of Connanght. •La Belle Paris complains of the slight conveyed by the absence of foreign representatives at the opening of the Exhibition. Rsv. J. J. O'Carroll, a Jesuit priest, who died in England, was the master of 14 languages, and could speak about 20 more. At the . Army and Navy Societies' Stores last year the business amounted to £2,619,298 4s. Id., an increase on the year of 100,000. Wcmen have got 65 per cent, of the 320,000 divorces granted in the United States in the past 20 years, the chief complaint being desertion. Cuban women wear shoes no bigger than the No. 1. Nor is this diminutive size the result of any pinching process. They are born that way. In Michigan a railway three miles long is to be worked by electricity, the current being obtained by water-power which is 10 miles distant. It is said that the Bombay Zoological Gardens have received the body of a sea serpent 64ft. long and as large round as a nail-keg. St Louis preachers are said to be conducting a crusade againbt the practice of mourners stopping at saloons on the way back from the cemetery. No less than 17,077 papers and periodicals are now published in the United States and Columbia. There has been an increase of 8000 in 10 yeare. On March 17, at Tours, General Boulanger declared the beads of his policy to be :—The Republic consolidated ; authority restored ; liberty guaranteed. A seaside hotel near New York, which is a quarter of a mile long and has 1200 room", is to be turned into a summer university on the Chautauqua model. Last month to obtain from the Arabs six male and one Teniale prisoners the Germans paid 6,000 rupees and gave up twelve slaves captured by the Leipzig. The newest thing in photography is to have one's counterfeit presentment made the centre of a postage stamp that may be attached at will to books, cards, and so forth. -Cases of great suffering and death by starvation are reported on the line of the Panama Caanl among those who were forced to remain, having no means to get away. Lord Hartington tola Westminster electors recently that " he was confident the alliance with the Conservatives bad placed no strain upon their Liberal principles." At London Diocesan Conference 8th March it' was affirmed that " the evils produced by too early and improvident marriages demand a reform of the marriage laws." International Exhibition for agriculture and cattle-breeding is to be held in Vienna during the summer of next year, in the Rotuuda of the Prater. The Baltimore News says that although more than half the families of the feaStern shores of Maryland are of the Quaket debSent, very few of thektt are Qaakere. Ht. lifealey, M.P., has been so clever and brilliant in his recent cross- examination of Ministers that be is now known among his friends as " the little inquisitor." The citizens of Rochester, U.S.A., are up in arms because their milk has been systematically watered. Milk they can drink at timeE, but they draw the line at water* Li Hung Cbangj the Viceroy of ChinSj is a perfect Hercules in frame, witb a constitution to matoh, lie 1B nearer 70 than 60. NewB is to hand of his dangerous illness. The New York Sun announced that Barnum has offered £150 a week .to Mr, Walter or Mr. Buckle, of the London Times, to lecture in the United States on English journalism-. It is suggested that the office of Lord- Lieutenant of Ireland should be placed under a commission, pending the abolition of the office under the new Local Government Act. A deputation of Armenians haB informed the Porte that, unless reparation is exacted for an outrage on an Armenian girl by Kurds, they will seek annexation by Russia. Mr. Ouspeneky, a Russian engineer, reports that the oil wells at Penjakend, near Samarcand, in the Zerofshan Valley, contain at least 9,000,000,0001b. ot perfectly pure oil. " Judas Iscariot" has been taken up in New York tor eelliag gingerbread in the street under illegal circumstances. The owner of this ill-starred name is a middle-aged Greek. It is now practically settled that the Prince ot Naples, only son of the King of Italy, is to marry Princess Clementine, the youngest of the three daughters of the King of the Belgians. Three hundred and forty members of the Commons have signed a petition asking that provision may be made lor three daughters of the late Sir William Palliser, M.P., the inventor. It is stated from an acquaintance witb statistics in South London, that the average number of ratepayers to each public-house in that district is 522 now as compared with 150 in 1834. The Connecticut man who first thought of putting copper tips on the toes of children's shoes is as well off as if ie had inherited £250,000, for that'B the amount his idea has realised. American shapeliness seems to be at a premium in Europe,artistically as well aB socially; for a majority of the best female models in Paris, Vienna, and Florence are said to be Americans. The increase of population in. the United States is 100,000 per month, exclusive ot immigration, which last year was 518,000. The present population is estimated to be about 64,000,000. One-thirtieth of the whole population of Iceland emigrated last year, moved, it is said, by the unpopularity of the Danish Government and the blandisments of Canadian emigration agents. Sixteen ocean-going torpedo boats are being built for the German navy by the firm of Schichan. They are to be armed with all the necessary modern appliances, and will have a speed of 23 knots. It is marvellous how the poor manage to live in New York through the winter months. A late New York paper notes the fact that strawberries have advanced from 10 dollars to 12 dollars a quart. There are 15,000 photographic establish ments in the United States, furnishing employment to about 50,000 people. Leas than fifty years ago there was not a photographic camera in the world. It is now 43 years since Tennyson received "the laurel greener from the brows of him who uttered nothing base." In plain prose, he has been drawing the salary of poet laureate all that time. The employes of Messrs. Clarke, the great thread spinning firm at Newark, New Jersey, have struck in consequence of a reduction of 15 per cent, in their wages. The strike affects upwards of 2000 people. The Minister of Public Instruction in France has issued a regulation that every child who has attained the age of 10 must be revaccinated by the medical offiser attached to the school before he can be admitted. Miss Braddon and Mr. Wilkie Collins are the two novelists who command the highest prices from newspaper syndicates. They each get about £1250 for every three volume novel they run through the press. There are 20 cotton factories now in operation in Japan, with a total ot 82,680 spindles. There are also 20 factories in process of establishment or extension, with an estimated capacity of 180,680 spindles. The fashionable dog for 1889 is to be the Bchipperke, or little skipper. He comes from the Low countries and is black, with next to no tail, and a hard coat inclined to be rough, and does not weigh over 12lb. A plague of foxes has overrun the village of La Rochette, not Far from Digne, in Southern France. Foxes coolly trot about the streets in open daylight, and one vixen is even bringing up a litter in a stable manger. Colonel Carroll D. Wright, the fatfoiis statistician, finds, in his study of the Massachusetts census of 1885, that native American women resident of that State have fewer children than foreign-born women. After trying to find a French mechanic who could tut tip da hydraulic elevator for the Eiffel Tower at Paris; aft American firm was sought out. They have shipped 300,00Mb. of machinery to run the two elevatoW. Glass furniture is manufactured especially for India, where the rajahs like glittering and showy rooms. Glass bedsteads and chairs, huge glass side-boards and other articles of domestic uee are made to euit Oriental taste. Dr. Pages, the French navigator, reached the 81deg< north latitude in attempting to penetrate to the pole " where all life dies, death liVes," and desolation reigns, May 16. His career is recorded in the pages of history. The English press is demanding a new eong for use at the public meetings in place of" For He's a Jolly Good Fellow," which, it is insisted, is inappropriate to Gladstone, Salisbury, and everbody else in whose honour it iB now surg. An enormous avalanche, over 500 yards wide, tell near Payerbacb, in Lower Austria. It swept away a wood and destroyed the telephone lines, but Caused no other damage. More avalanches are expecited in the neighbor^ hood. A scheme to establish a line of omnibusses in which smoking Bhould be allowed haB fallen through in London, because it turns out that an Act of Parliament would be necessary to enable the issuance of a license for such a vehicle. The Paris Prefect of Police has issued an edict prohibiting the use of lead-foil aB wrapping for fruits, sweatmeats, chocolate, cheese, sausages, and all food stuff*. The leaveB employed lor this purpose must be composed of pure tin. Queen Victoria, believing the electric light too strong tor her eyes, objects to its general use at Windsor Castle. The corridor only is illuminated with electricity, but a few of the drawing-rooms and the dining-holl will be in a short time. The revenue of the Prussian state lines in 1888 9 is officially estimated at £36,012,775. The working expenses of the year are set down at £24,447,709. The net revenue of the lines for 1888 9 is accordingly estimated at £11,565,066. Lady Idina Nevill, the new bride of Lord Brasbey, is a most beautiful woman—tall, slender, and exceedingly graceful. She was formerly engaged to a Russian nobleman, who disappeared mysteriously and has never since been heard of. The hereditary Duke and Duchess of Oldenburg and Count and Countess Hohenman had a narrow escape from death recently while journeying by steamer. Their meals had been cooked in uncleaned copper vesBeh. Seven passengers died. That poverty-stricken lady, Mrs. Kent, who claims to be the Princess Sophie Adelaide of England—and who tells a story/of haying been changed at birth—has gone the length ot holding a meeting ot her sympathisers in Chickering Hall, New York. The consumption of peannts is 3,200,000 bushels a season, and the highest, production is but 700,000 bushels more. All these peanuts are 'raised in Virginia, North Carolina, and Tennessee, but the Tennessee production iB comparatively small. The Rev. Alexander .Wilson, Vicar of Tottenham, recently made a demand for his tithes upon a Catholic convent founded by the Rev. Father Bayly, and when payment was refused seized the watch and chain of his brother priest to. satisfy, the claim. Begging is prohibited in Berlin. Every stranger upon arriving in the city must have his name recorded at a police station, and no one is allowed to take up bis residence without a definite occupation and satisfactory evidence of ability to follow it. Mr. Edward Terry, the well-known comedian, has been re-elected a member of the Richmond Board of Guardians for the seventh year in succession, this time at the head of the poll. Mr. Terry represents the parish of BarneB, in which he resides. The twentieth annual session x>f the English Grand Lodge of Good Templars was opened at Ryde last month. The official reports pre seated showed that the total adult membership on November 1 last waB 60,000, and the juvenile membership 44,000. According to the figures of the census of 1880, rather more than 12 per cent, of the population of America were of Irish birth and Irish parentage ; rather more than 3 J percent, were of Irish birth ; rather more than 8£ per cent were of Irish parentage. There are but seven State* that have larger area than Wyoming Territory. Its present population is more than double the population of Alabama, Mississippi, Ohio, Oregon, Illinois, and other States, at the time they were admitted to the Union. A peculiar accident happened to William Fisher, a Lima (Ohio) youth. He was standing under a street lamp, when the glass broke. He looked up to see what was the matter, when a large fragment of glass hit him in the eye, cutting the ball nearly in two. The firm of Krupp, of Essen, having recently received a large order for field and coast artillery from the Italian Government, have decided to imitate the example of Lord Armstrong, and to erect a great cannon foundry in Italy, the epot selected being TernL fioglish public opinion is scandalised by th« frofOSat to baild a " dead house," to receiv® the overflow from Westminster Abbey. It is urged that there is still room enough in the Abbey for monanMfifts to all the really great men that are likely' to die for some time. M. Bouchez, the Public Prosecutor of Paris, who was dismissed because of his refusal to sign an indictment of Boulanger, it now appears, informed the General of the* Government's intention. This gave the latter plenty of time in whieh to escape into Belgium. Shaviug was introdnced among the Romaas about B.C. 300'. Pliny says Scipio Africanraj was the first Roman who shaved every day. Subsequently tbe first day of shaving was regarded by the Romans as the entrance upon manhood, and celebrated with great festivities. The holy city of TuniB, Kairwan, can now be entered by Christians, and its mosques can be visited. The great mosque has 565 columns of marble of every conceivable color and of every variety of architecture, and is, perhaps, the next in beauty to the great mosque in Cordova. Owing to the increase traffic on the railways the Prussian Government has ordered the construction of 7000 new goods waggons, and has hired 1500 waggons from abroad. It will also ask the Landtag to vote 45,000,000 marks for the purpose of increasing the rolling-stocks of the railways. A monster houaeis being erected at Minneapolis. It covers an area of 80ft. square, and will be 350ft. high, divided into 28 stories. Two iron staireases lead from bottom to top, but there will also be 12 passenger lifts, by means of which the highest story will be reached in 30sec. The etiucture is to consist of 728 rooms. A collection of photographs of snow scenes taken by Donkin, tbe celebrated mountain climber, is being exhibited in London and is creating much interest, which the climber cannot enjoy. He and an English companion are supposed to be lying in a crevasse somewhere in the Caucasus, no trace ot them having been found since they set out to ascend one of the loftiest peaks. Baron de Cotegipe, one of Brazil's greatest and best known statesmen, has died. He baa held prominent places in the Government ever since 1855, and during the absence of the Emperor lrom the country in 1875-76 and 1887-88 he was Prime Minister. He withdrew trom the Government last year on account ot the emancipation movement, with which he had no sympathy. Truth refers to baseball as "the fatnons game which we are called upon, in columns of twaddle and fustian, to fall down and worship; a game that for science cannot hold a candle to cricket or tennis, to say nothing of lawn tennis and racquets; and that for real and active exercise cannot be compared to football. It is a dull, stupid game for grown men, good enough for a school playground, but absolutely out of place at Lord's or the Oval." It is believed the Government contemplate abolishing the convict establishment at Parkhurst, Isle of Wight, and adding tbe buildings and grounds to Parkhurst Barracks. The inhabitants of the island will be only too glad to get rid of their penal visitors. It may be questioned, however, whether the intelligence will cause much joy in convict circles, where the value of the salubrious climate of the Garden of England haB long been recognised and appreciated. A proposal is under consideration to bring the Russian fleet up to the level of the German by the construction of ten new fast cruisers of 11,000 tons, for the Baltic, and increasing the numerical strength of the Black Sea fleet by bringing up to twelve the number of first- class ironclads of great speed and high free-board. It is believed that one hundred million, roubles, the expenditure^ of v^hich might be' spread over five 'years, would suffice to attain this object, if assigned independently of the ordinary naval budget. Angeli, of Vienna, the Queen's favorite portrait painter, has received (says London Truth) a commission trom her Majesty for a halflength portrait of Prince Alexander of Battenberg, which was to have been hung in the tapestry rooms at Windsor Castle, but, in consequence of the prince's recent marriage, the order has- been cancelled ; and, indeed, it is said that in the first tempest of exasperation, the Queen ordered all jthe photographs of the prince, of which there was a' Idrgecollection, to be flung into the fire, thereby following the example of her uncle, William IV., who, in 1836, on hearing that the Duke of Bedford had subscribed to tbe O'Connell fund, commanded that his grace's bust in the corridor at Windsor Castle should be taken down from its pedestal, broken in two, and then ignominiously conveyed to the limekiln. Tbe twenty-lourth annual report of the trustees of the Peabody Fund, dealing with the year 1888, has just been issued. The net gain of the year trom rents and interest was £29,611 lis. 2d. The sum given and bequeathed by Mr. Peabody was, in 1862, £150,000; in 1866, £100,000; in 1868, £100,000 ; and in 1873, £150,000, making a total of £500,000, to which has been added money received from rent and intereBt, £464,182 7s. 9d., making the total fund on December last £965,182 7B. 9d. Of the £390,000 borrowed of the Public Works Loan Commissioners and others, mentioned in previous reports, tbe trustees had paid off £128,668 13s. 4d., leaving a balance unpaid ot £261,333 6s. 84. Within the past year the trustee have expended on land and buildings £13,064 3H. 4d., making the total expenditure to the end of the year £1,232,283 19B, lid, 