LOSS OF THE DANMAR&. OAUANT RESCUE JiV THE MISSOURI, London, April 28. Great excitement was oauaed by the lotxi of the Copenhagen steamer Danmark on her voyage to New York, The Ininaij ateamer Oity of Cheater, which arrived at QueanBtown last Friday week from New York, reported having passed on the 8th instant, in latitude 40a 85\ longitude 37° 1<>\ a largo derelict steamer with a oreain-ooloved funnel and a black band at the top, named the Danmark. Her atern waa awash with water, and ahe seemed to be settling down. Tho vesaol ap peared tn have suffered severely in a hurricane, There was no appearance of the crew in the vicinity. The ateamer was believed to bo tho Danmark, of Copenhagen, which sailed from Swinemunde on March 10, and oloarod at Ohriatiania on tho 2lird of tho same month, bound for Now York, The master of the Oity of Chester was of tlio opinion that the orow ana passengers had been resaued, as the vessel ap. peared to have no boats and the oable chains werohangingovar the bow, whichlookedaaifehe had been in tow. The Danmark had on board 80S passengers from Copenhagen, 181 from Chris tiana, 70 from Chriatiansand, 76 from Malmoe, and 14 from Gothenburg, Of these 26 were cabin passengers, including five children, and the remainder were steernge passengers, The crew numbered 54 hands, No further news waa received of the fate of the vessel or of those who had been on her for several days until Monday last, when intelligence was re ceived that the Portuguese mail hoat Acar had arrived from the Azores with 42 of the crew" of the Danish steamer Danmark, in oharge of Mr, Peter Rabaen, the third mate, Mr, Rabaen reports that on the 4th inst., when about 800 miles from Newfoundland, the Dan* mark broke her shaft, On the following day she fell in with the British steamer Missouri, of London, bound for Philadelphia, which took her in tow till the morning of the Oth, when the Danmnrk appeared to be on the point of sinking. The captain thereupon requested that the Danmark's pnsaengers might be taken on board the Missouri, hut the latter only had accommodation for 20, Part of his cargo was, however, thrown overboard, and by this means room was was made for all, The Missouri then proceeded to the Azores, and after landing some of her officers and 320 passengers continued her voyage to Philadel phia with 840 of the Danmark's passengers and some of her crew to assist in navigating. All the passengers were saved, and only one man, the chief engineer, was killed, ho being fouud dead in the engine-room at the time of the accident, A messoge, dated Philadelphia April 22nd, aaya the steamer Missouri, with 865 passengers, from the steamer Daumark, arrived at the Delaware Breakwater all well, At 1 o'clock this morning she transferred part of her passengers at the breakwater to the steamer British King, which arrived in Philadelphia this afternoon. The Missouri landed the Danmark's passengers at Philadelphia this evening, and also tne surgeon, the purser, and six of the Danmark's crew, Messrs, Peter Wright & Sons, agents of the Atlantic Trans port Line, to which the Missouri belongs, had made complete arrangements for their comfort, Bountiful meals were spread on the tables placed on the pier, and they were afterwards forwarded to the West by the Pennsylvania railroad, An inspection of the Missouri shows that Captain Murrell and his crew gave up everything to make the Danmark's peoplo comfortable, and assigned cabins to the women. The cargo jetti soned to make room between the decks con sisted of rags and wool, 6G bales in all, valued at £500, Captain Murrell is praised through out the country for his good service, A telegram from Philadelphia, dated the 23rd, statea Captain Murrell is the objeot of great attention, orowds assembling in the streets and cheering him, At the Maritime Exchange to-day Cap tain Murrell was presented with a gold medal by the Pennsylvania Humane Society, He was subsequently conducted to the office of the Mayor, who welcomed him in the name of the city. Everywhere the conduct of the captain is loudly praised, The following ia an extract from a letter received by Messrs, Williams, Torrey, and Field, agents of the Atlantic Transport Line from the cnptain of the Missouri ;-April 20, 1889-Off St, Michael's, Azores,--Dear Sir-I beg to inform you of our arrival down here, and doubtleaa you have been muoh astonished at it, but not move vexed than I am. On the 5th of April, 1,20 p.m., we sighted a steamer flying distress signals, We bore down, and found it was the Danish Hteamer Danmark, of Copenhagen, from Copenhagen to New York, with her shaft broken. Her captain had on board Gfi5 passengers and (if) Grew, He asked me to take them, but I told him I won'' him, but could not take thn --.»* whioh they assent?^ passengers, to blowing harr* .-<*. n»d although it was in -- heavy sea on we succeeded ^wiminpf a tow rope on board, and turned the vessel to westward, holding on all night to her, and making about one and a half knots against a strong head wind and sea, Soveral times I thought I should have to slip her. but managed to nold on. At daylight I deoided to square away for the Afeorea, so I signalled to him, and the captain agreed. I squared away at 7.80 a.m., the wind aud sea moderating, The captain signalled that the vessel was making water, thero being three feet in the after hold. At 0.20 he signalled that the leak was gaining, and he must abandon the ship, so I had to out the tow rope and go down to him. The chief officer came on board and told me that the water had gained six inches in an hour, and the weather being finer the cap toin had decided to abandon her, and asked me would I take thorn, Of course, I could do nothing else, so I lowered mv boats down, and with his seven boats the work commenced, aud such a sight I shall never forgot, To aae the poor souls-women and children-coming up was pitiable, At 11 the first boat load came, all the women and children first, in perfeot order, and afterwards the men, until we Ruccoeded in res cuing the whole 735 souls without a single accinent, although there was a heavy swell, whioh made it dangerous for the boats to oome alongside, We managed to get some flour and biscuits and meat and tea, The weather was thick with rain and coming on dirty, and the glass was falling, All hands were on board at .1,90, the oaptain being the last man to leave, I went over the provisions, and found I had about three and a half days' food, I deoided to oome to these Islands, whioh I have done, and hope to land the passengers to-morrow, The first night I had to throw overboard the rags in the alleyways, and the weather coming on so bad I had to make Borne room fov them, so I deoided to throw the bales of wool over from No, 1 hatch to make enough room to put some down there. This was dime, and we stowed away nearly 800 men, We then brought up all our sails, awnings, and tarpaulins, which we spread around for them. We covered the hatones on the cattle deck up, but the water continued to smother everything, and although everyone on hoard did their best I never saw such a sight as the daylight showed us, At noon I had to heave to for six hours until the wind moderated, and since then wo have had fine weather. We have been feeding 58 passengers in the cabin and 19 in the messroom. There were 28 oabin passengers, the rest being immigrants. I wish to put before you the oapital mannef in whioh all my crew worked-officers, chief engineer, and mate-in fao,t it would not be fair to pick one or the other. But I really never saw a more willing and hardworking lot of officers in my life. If you get this before my arrival at Philadelphia please oableMessrs. reter Wright & Sons that I have these people, and ask them to make arrangements with the Thingvalla passenger agent to forward all these people on to New York, X trust everything I have done will meet with your' approba tion in this dreadful time, I arrived at 0, SO a.m., and they had had the last meal at 8,80, whioh was pretty close. The latitude and longitude of abandonment wag lat. 48° 6' N, 80° W, April 6, 4,80 p.m.-Yours respect fully, H. MdbrelIc The Atlantic Transport line, the owners of the Missouri, have notified to the cargo con signees that they are released from all contri- | butiona arising from the jettisoning of part of the cargo to make room for the Danmark's passengers. They have also notified Gaptuin Murroll of their approval of his conduct, I Advertise)'. The latest newa from Samoa atatea that Admiral Kimberley has opened a corres pondence with Mataafa and Tamaaese, strongly repraaanting tho folly of thaSamoanain fighting each other. The correspondence has resulted in an agreement between tho rival kinga to remain at peace pending the close of the Berlin Conference. The amies have been mostly disbanded and have returned to their homes. The Government think it will be oheaper to altov tho linea from Twnvio to Port Augusta to the broad gauge then go in foi? any break of gauge invontiono, A meeting of 25 farmera at Dawson, under tha guidanoe of Messrs, Ward and Giles, oondemned Mr, I'layford for proposing a pro» teotive tariff, for not treating the aeecMVnaat question properly, and for " various reasons." A lady passenger by Monday evening's train from Portland to Efeywood nad a moat un pleasant experience, It appears she 'allowed her little child to fall through tha carriage window while tho train was going at a good speed. A fellow passenger, Mr. James Bond, pluckily got out on the footboard of the oar* riage and mndo hia way along till he reached tho van, where he reported the aooident to Guard Wilson, who immediately signalled tha engine-driver to atop tho train. The latter went baok for some few miles and the child was picked up. It had a most miraculous escape from inatanfc death; as it was it was eeverly injured, A valuable consignment of German sheep ia to arrive in Sydney by an early steamer, Th.ey are intended to enrich the flocks iu the Bntlinrat and Carcoar districts. It ia understood that the land and income tax returns of South Australia for the current financial year will be considerably in excess of the estimate given by the Treasurer. London pays nearly a third of the whole of tha inoomo tax i u England. 