r Brief Mention '; Tin £93 per ton. Showery weather. Success of the Loan. . Deloraine Race-, Monday. London wool market firm. : Football season opens Monday. - Dastardly outrage at the'Forth. v ? Green Isle won Evandale Handicap. Simonsen Opera Company next week. . Scotland defeated England at Football. ; ' Cubkoo Club Formby Monday evening. £5000 to be added next Melbourne Cup. ? German war ship Olga arrived at Africa. Another seat gained by the Gladstoniaris. Colonel Bull appointed Governor of Pent ridge. -??.;-.- : ?Hon. J.- M'Call passenger by the Bal larat. ' . ' . . Printer's strike at Brisbane still con tinues. , . ? ? Ironworkers* strike at Ballarat con tinues. Settlement rapidlyproceeding on Flinders Island. ? 1 William O'Brien to be released on May 22. ? South Australian loan at a premium of of £1 10s. Thirty- two fatal cases typhoid, Victoria, lastweek.' : : 'The' printer/ strike the sensatfon in Brisbane. - ' i Four and half ounce nugget found near Silverton. ?.??'? It took 22 years to build St. Paul'B Cathedral. ?', ? : ? Mr. . W. H. T. Brown appointed Conser va tor ef Forests. ? ' ? - ? ' ,' '?? ; 3750 expected to take part lntne JN.a.w. Easter Encampment. /? ?- 1 Rumoured another attemptto assaBinate the Emperor of KuBsia. . ? ' , Daring burglary and attempted arson at Rhodes/ near Longford. ?.??'?'? ?:?:.' ? Mr., John Dillonto hold fiis first meeting at Hobart Easter Monday. ??????'.? Death of Mr. F. von Stieglitz, a colonist of over forty years standing. _ Our new loan subscribed twice over not withstanding' the opposition. .:?-'?' Victoria Eacing Club intend giving away in stakes next season ;£36,000. . ' Llan'. is the .prefix to the names of upwards of 460 places in Wales. Mr. W. H. -Bennett determined to con teat the Campbell Town election. W.1 Grant, a Waterloo veteran, died at Wallsend.N.S.W.jthe other day; In Melbourne' the slaking of lime by the heavy rainful originated four fires. 1,000,000 francs voted for ? fetes in con nection with the Paris Exhibition. Alcohol is said to' claim a thousand vic tims a week in England and Wales. Railway accident South-Western line , N.S.W, Driver and fireman killed. . Sad railway accident at' Formby result ing in the death of Mr. T. T. Kimpton. Great speech of ? Sir Charles Russell be fore the The T.mes-Earnell Commission. Barry Sullivan is better, but cannot re sume stage work for a long time, if ever. '.The members of the House of Lords own more than one- third of the land pf Great Britain.' . . French Senate have dicided to proceed with, .'trial' of General Boulanger for con spiracy. . ;, ... . ..-,?? ? Mr. William Hartnell much commended for his sensible letter on the Mount Zeehan Bailway. ';.?'' '-\\./ _? ?: ? ?;. ?..- ?? -.-. .-:..'. ? Parnell commenced action against Times on account . forged- letters. Damages £100,000. ?_,.'..,??..:. .,'-...?. ..... ... It.is : intended to ask Government for a sum of J6800 for clearing the river channel at Windsor; ' . ' ; s . . Queen's Bench decided that females are not eligible to take seats as members of county council. '. '- The late Robert Fowler, of the. steam plough works, Leeds, left a personalty '?- worth £219,617. ' -.-. - . . ; ? On February 13, the London Mansion House Fund for Chinese-famine. sufferers: reached £14,000. ?;;:'?: The resignation of Mr.. Fisher, .one. of tke members of the New.Zealand'MiniBtry,v has been accepted. '.'.. '::'.- . i. r In the second class in a Melbourne ?? Col- ; lege recently, the chief -prizes .fell -to Mongolian youths. : :. '! ? V ? ? '? The Rev.. Bartholomew Edwards —rector of Ashill, Norfolk,' since 1813— died on Feb-, ruary 21, aged 100... '.,, .'.-'-?..?::-..-.A-- ?.?;?'. i.-'. The. Royal Circus; Oxford; .road, Man--! Chester, was burnt on; February ? 26, just' after a performance;..; ji.T ,.k--,-,i'i: ?-;. :.!:.; ;.'.??. V : XTpwttrds of 160 hands are now employed at the Lithgow ironworks, which are kept' going night and day. , ;J Rumours current that the Marquis of Londonderry will be installed as Lord Lieutenant of Ireland. ' Hon. A. Coots striking a theatrical attitude on the subject of Protection Muni cipal Conference May 1. '? _ ? , One remarkable result of a tidal wave in the province, of Baunan' Java, has 'been a great increase of tigers. A man in Fremantle reoently eat eight pounds of grapes in half an. hour, fora wager. He is still alive. .'.. A genuine diamond was recently found by two chemists in a meteoric stone which fell at Npvo-TJroi, Penza. : In London a premium of 35 guineas per cent. , is being paid to re- insuro the Bhip Shalimar, which is overdue. ?? Sponges when first taken .' out of the water are dark in colour, and look more likebeef liver than anything.' ' The bleached skeleton of a man has been found in Moonlight Creek, Croydbn, but there is no clue to its identity. ; 1 The natural gas area of Indiana ia given as 165' miles in length and 65 miles wide, and contains 381 paying wells. ' ' Southey mentions that the -first settlers in Brazil paid £300 for a ' cat, and for kittens their weight in gold dust. .' Mr.H. J. Tollemache, the Conservative member for Eddisbury division of Cheshire, vovaere to Australia for his health. A shipment of 2000 tons of coal from San Francisco to. Apia will cost* the U.S. Gov- , erhment 34,000dol delivered there. ; There are,. it seems, schools for dunces in Germany, at which dull children receive instruction suited to their capacity. ' The streets of West Maitlarid, -N.S.W., were flooded on April 6 ; the rain being the heaviest experienced for many years. ; Entries for Launceston Autumn Races close Monday, April, 22, and those for Hobart Autumn Meet on Wednesday. ? Jefferson is said to be worth £100,000 ; Mrs. Langtry, £110,000 j Louise Kellogg, £60,000 ; and Mary Anderson, £60,000. Five hundred swords of the Madras Bailway,- Volunteers have been tested, and about half of thorn [either broke or bent. Mr. Edward Coady, of Molong Station for over 50 years a res ideh't of the Cono windra district, died on Sunday, aged 80. . Fhere are in some divisions of London as many as 3WJ0 or 4000 women ratepayers who will have votes for the Country Coun cils. . ??'?'(? Her Majesty's progress on the study of Hindostani has been so rapid that she can now converse freely with her Hindoo ser vants. Certain parts of Italy are being almost deserted by able-bodied- labourers, and artisans, who are flocking away in multi tudes. : \- A woman died last week in the Hobart Charitable Institution, aged 103. She arrived in this colony in the ship Kirinear in 1848. ? : The Princess of- IWales is more than ever discarding laceB, satins, and furbelows in public places. She dresses with studied simplicity. ?; .??..-. A Glasgow minister lately told his congre gation that the collection on the previous Sunday, was not enough to buy a bottle of good whisky.. ' ? The Victorian railway authorities have accepted a tender for tho manufacture of 200 waggons, the amount of the tender being £48,875. . ; Danish emigrant ship found a drifting wreck in the Atlantic. Nothing to show what had become of the six hundred passengers and crew. ; A survey party is about to leave Adelaide for tho purpoYe of surveying another 250 milep of the proposed extension of the transcontinental railway. . Ilia first toboggan races ever held in SomUi Australia took place on the Adelaide Oval last Saturday in the presence of a large number.of spectators. ~ ? ? The Plsuro Pneumonia Commission of Queensland has resolved- to' start a culti vation station at TownBville ; lymph to be sold at a guinea each supply. . : A marriage has been arranged between the Duke of Portland and Miss Torke,; eldest daughter of Mr. Dallas Torke, who is at present visiting London. -? The quantity of sugar exported from the various ports of Queensland from January 5 to March 31 was 1188 tons, making a total of -17,832 tons since June 2. ' Fighting Jonathan Alexander, who was in Picton'a regiment at Quatre Bras, is just dead in Edinburgh. He was also one of the guards of Napoleon at St Helena. Tho Swedish drill has been introduced into the curriculum of the London School, Board by Mrs. Matthews, superintendent of physical exercises to the Board. : . : Professor Reinhold Begas has finished three marble busts of the German Kaiser, which 'are meant for presentation to the rulers of Russia, Austria, and Italy. . ' ; Charcoal is recommended as an absorber pf gases in the milk room where foul gases are present. It shonld be freshly powdered and kept there continually. : i The severity of the winter is increasing the distFess caused by famine in Shan arid Marichooria. It is estimated that 250,000 personB are starving in Chin Kiang Foo. i TMrs. Langtry, on the occasion of her revival of. 'Macbeth' in New York, positively wanted.tp dress the Btall ushers in kilts, but-w&B; laughed out of the idea. i A young man named Hickey was stabbed twico while grappling with burglars at mid night en Monday at his father's residence atEgerton (Vic). His watch saved his .life.'-.-. ' :' ??.?'? . . :, . ',:-. -,V; 1 The N.S.W .' 'Railway Commissioners have made arrangements by which any official or ? employ*''- of tHis Railways Department' 'can learn shorthand;and 'fypewriting free of | -LordrLothian (Sir S. HJ Kerr, K.T.)ha? resigned^. command of the 3rd Battalion Royal h- Scots (Old Edinburgh' - Light InfantryMilitia), which he has held since ?1878; .?;??: .-'/;;??. Mr. Gladstone writes (February 21),: — 'That not from him or leading Liberals need the country. ' apprehend any leaning to excess' in military, or even naval expen diture'.' It is said that a spring of natural cologne has broken forth in the southern part of Algiers. The liquid has not been analysed, but its ' odour ib very similar to that of patohouli. In Queensland the March selectors' rents have come in very well considering the unfavourable season. The amount now outstanding is about £25,000, out of a total of £96,710. The recent experiments with Zatinski'i pneumatic gun when nine shots were fired cost between 8000 and 10,000 dols. A heavily armoured monitor is now demanded for a target. Mrs. Langtry, it is said, is now a bio; territorialist. She has, in all, made thrae extensive purchases of land in California, and has eombined the tracts into one ranch of 6000 acres. Mr. Edmund Tates ?♦ is given to under stand that nothing could exceed the con sternation and annoyance of the Empress Frederick at the article in the Oontempo rary Review.' The fair Ame- ican has discovered a new use for shoos. Instead of carrying a bouquet, the maid of honour at some weddings carries a satin slipper hung to her arm by ribbons. Mr. George Edwards, late editor of the Taimdnian Mail, presented with a gold chain and Maltese cross, suitably inscribed, on the occasion of leaving to open a busi neB3 in Melbourne. The Machine Works of Loewe, are to furnish all the machinery and plant ne cessary for the construction of repeating rifles and guns of small calibre for the Chinese Government. A bed of fossilised oysters has been discovered at Couffley, near Cheshunt, England, at a depth of between 70 and) 80 feet, in 'the course of construction of a well by thp local anthority. The Earl of Londsdale has suffered terrible privations in his attempt to reach the North Pole. His lordship and party have reached the coast of Alaska in the last stage of exhaustion. The number of immigrants who arrived in New York during the last six months was 107,680, this being a decline of 21,522 as compared with the corresponding return Bent io. twelve months ago. Captain Laurentius Fromont, of .the Antwerp' tug-boat Belgian, has received a binocular glass from the Board of Trade for rescuing the crew of the Diona, in the North Sea, on Febiuary 11. Victorian Government talk about spend ing . £50,000 for the' benefit of | the agri culturists. One part of the scheme is that exports are to bo appointed to lecture.to farmers throughout the eolonies. The N.S.W. Railway Commissioners have reported in favour of the engineerin chiefV city railway extension scheme, to cost £637,000, and with a central station in Hyde Park at the top of King- street. A New Zoaland telegram stateB the action brought against the Bank of . New South Wales by Mr. A Macdonald, who claimed £60,000/ has been settled out of Court, judgment being entered for defendant, with costs. A petition to .Parliament against steam ing and ovor-sizing in cotton mills, which are said to be very injurious to health, has been signed by some 220,000 persons in ths cotton manufacturing districts of Lanca shire. In the Manx Legislative, Lieutenant Governor Walpole said that the revenue of the Isle of Man this year would probably be about £61,000, and that there would in all -likelihood be a surplus of from £7000 to £8000. ' Holman Hunt began life as a clerk in an auctioneer's office. As he sketched and drew all day long, he proved but an in different clerfc. ' The firm ultimatelyfailed -, and young Hunt foreswore the pen for the palette. The Australian, the first of the new steamerB built by- the Messageries Mari times Company, is expected to arrive in Melbourne in October. The company anti cipate being able to deliver the mails in 28 days from London. ?! The firm of Bass is said to have £750,000 invested in casks, uses 100 tons of hops a week, at a cost of from lOgs to 30gs a hun dredweight, and has three breweries in the town of Burton, one of which alone cost £90,000 to build. ' A London paper says that tbe art of the goldsmith is disappearing, owing to the cheapness of diamonds. The value of jewelry now depends upon the precious stones it contains rather than upon the beauty of workmanship. Under the terms of a will left by an lowaman the same gold watch was left to 13 different persona. He was sot friendly with any of them, and he probably did it hoping they would fight each other, which they are doing in a lively manner. It is' ah American computation that declares that if the money spent in Eng land on drink could be given a person in sovereigms, he might walk round the world at the equator and drop three at every step without exhausting the supply. Asbestos was first mined as an article of commerce in Canada in 1878 In the first year the shipments at the mines were about 300 tons. ? In 1888 the qunntity had risen to 4619 tons ; the value of the ship montshaving increased from £4000 to rJMSiOOO. -'-:'??? '?'?'?.?'..?'?? ' From two to three tons of stamps are despatched daily from Somerset House' j at certain seasons, such as ChriBtraas and other exceptionally busy ' periods of the' year, the weight ; removed in a single day by the' post-office vans reaches as much as ©ljjllt ifODB* ???'? ? ?? - . '..-??' }??; .;?-'' s- ' The H»wkesbuiy-bridge ia to be finally tested by the Railway department in a few days,' and will probably bo opened for traffic on May 1, when trains will be able to run right through from Sydney to tho Queensland border in several hours less time than is now occupied. Eighteen states in the United States have adopted scientific temperance educa tion laws, and Congress baa passed a law which insures the instruction of youth in principles of temperacco in tho schools of the territories, the district of Columbia, and the military and naval schools. President Harrison's Cabinet is essen tially a business-like body. Slaine is in railways ; Windom is a railway president and promoter ; Proctor has been at the head of a marble trust ; Tracy is a corpora tion lawyer ; Wanamaker is a merchant ; Miller is also a corporation lawyer. - The will of John Edols, of Colac, Vic toria, was provijii on April 12. Hib pro perty was valued at £200,783, and with ;he exception of £2000, which is to be given to charity at the diecretioncf tho trustees, the whole of this largo estate iB distributed amongst brothers, sisters, nephews, and nieces. An Aberdeen firm has just finished a magnificent granite sarcophagus, to be placed in Highgate Cemetery in memory of Mrs. Henry Wood. It is an exact conn« terpart of the tomb of Scibio Africanus, at Rome, and bears tho following inscription i ] — ' Mrs. Henry Wood. Tho Lord giveth wisdom.' \ On February 23 some thousands of perBons assembled in the Gray's Inn and Theobald's roads, London, for the purpose of witnessing tho funeral oftholateMr, Patrick Hearn, who was known aa the 'Wheel King of London,' being the ownci of 160 cabs, 20 omnibuses, and over 1000 costers' barrows. When a mixture of certain choirides, such as those of magnesium, calcium, and sodium, with liquids «ontainin(j organic impurities in suspension, is subjected to the action of a current of electricity, the tempory decomposition of the chloride causes it is said the impurities to be ren dered innocuous. The Manchester Ship Canal is going' ahead at a great rate. A fourth part of the work of excavation has already been accomplished. The men at present em ployed en the work number 11,000, and it is intended to increase this great army of labour to 20,000 men in summer. Cost up to present £4,500,000. Mr. Thow, the locomotive engineer, South Australia, has been offered by tire Railway Commissioners of New South Wales the position of locomotive engineer of- the colony, and has intimated his accep tance of the offer. Mr. Thow's salary in the mother colony is to be £1200, a9 against £900 received in South Australia. The floating exhibition' which the Ger manB are contemplating is to be ready by next spring. Tho ship is to cost £250,000, and will be 172 metres in length. It sails from Hamburg, and thence round the world by North and South America, Cali fornia, Japan, China, Australia, India, etc. It is caculated to be in Australia in the middle of 1891. A week or two ago Mrs. Norris, wife of a painter at Goodwood, a suburb of Adelaide, gave birth at one time to four fully matured children, three girls and one boy. It was thought the infants would all live, but three have died, and the fourth is very ill. The case has attracted much attention, the parents having received subscriptions of money from as far as Sydney. Shrove Tuesday was celebrated in the usual manner at Dorking, when, according to a custom which haa prevailed for the past 500 or 600 yeara, football was played in the streets. All business was suspended, and the shops were barricaded, the town itself looking as if it were besieged. Hun dreds of people witnessed the gauio. There was a similar celebration in Asherstone. 