EARLY VICTORIAN RECOLLE[?] TIONS. The literature of the early golden days of Victoria is by no means so copious or exhaustive as to leave no place for Sir. Westgarth's unpretending little volume wutcn He Has written apropos of his recent visit to Australia after an absence of more than 30 yean. The events de scribed by Mr. Westgarth fall within the 17 y?an from 1840 to 1857. When ha arrived at Port PHlllp In the early part of the J'ear first mentioned " everything in business waa moving joDOy upwards. He was jurt in time, it seems, to wltnes* the last gloria of the champagne lunches which prefaced the auction sales of those early days. "Hie brisk liquor appre ciably blew up the prices, as the same lots cat op and rearranged would come again and yet again under the hammer." Melbourne then had only been bid oat tbree years, and allotments that in time were to form the heatt of a great city bronght strangely nominal prices. Aa illustrative of the rke In land valaes Mr. Weatgarth. mentions that a block in Bourke-etreet, for which die owner, Mr. S. A. Donaldson, of Sydney, couliget no more rent than £50 a year, was re cently purchased for nearly a quarter of a million. Many a colonist lived to iegret the sacrifice of properties which subsequently developed Into fortunes. Still more characteristic of tha "flourish of the times" is the story Mr. Westgarth tells of the lead ing Melbourne merchant, Mr. P. W. Welsh, wbo offered to subscribe so largely to the mechanics* institute then being built, that ths committee took oflenoe at his vain presumption, and limited sub scriptions to more modest sums. We may think that the removal of Mrs. Welsh from Flinders-street to South Yarra was very loadeqnate as an occasion for the party ehe gave to signalise the event at a cost of £509. People could hardly -have thought bo then, when bnUockdrovers pulled pp In the most natural way outside an auction-room or tent and drank cham pagne by the half bottle to the good health of all concerned In thus regaling the bidding public. Those were the days when every buyer got credit, and bills Cor fabulous amounts were freely current. Until the reaction came and the receding tide ot business activity left many stranded, all went well enough. Toe district of Port Phillip was fortunate in the circumstances of Its settlement. Its affaire, when Mr. Westgarth arrived, were still directed from Sydney, where everything possible was done to prevent the withdrawal of population to the southern district. The settlement of tha country was quite unforced, nor was It, as were Kew South Wales and T—mawU, populated through Government agency. Ko one thought of going there without mosey. As a consequence the selector* ' having the means to provide for them- Eelres while the wool was growing, and the corn springing Into ear, there was no weakness or distress at the start. The capital had received its final nama four yean prior to Mr. Weatgarth'a arrival, "Melbourne" having then been. substituted for the titles of "Beatgrua," "Bearput," "Batmanla," and "Yswra Yarra," by which previously the capital tad been known. Not till 1842 mi the Melbourne Corporation formed, with Mr. Henry Condell as the first mayor and Mr. J. C. King the first town dark. The Ist of July, 1851, saw the attainment by the colony of an Independent ex istence under the name of Victoria. There were fluctuations of course In tha early progress of the colony, and of diffi culties and losses occasioned by exeesalv? speculation in land Mr, Westgarth has a good deal to say. The discovery of gold was the turning-point in the history of Victoria, and naturally claims consider able apace in Mr. Westgaxth's book. As a matter of fact gold had been discovered in various parts of the continent before ISSO, but attracted little attention till chat jear, when a rich find at Ballarat—pro nounced In Mr. Westgmrth'a tiua "Balaarat"—was followed by tha dis covery of new fields in such rapid auccessioa as to produce a fever which affected no* only the colonies, but most parts of tha civilise d world. Gold was notjonly found, but In euch quantities and so near the eurface as to have a perfectly bewildering effect upon the diggers, hundreds of whom in a day's work dropped upon the precioua metal in such quantities as to more than fqual the cost of a year's subsistence, Mr. Vestgaxth wonders "how the diggers, ctterly Inexperienced as they mostly then. were,camesoBuddenlyon such surprisingly rich drifts, unless the case be summarily affiliated to those possibilities of throwing 'sixes' in dozen successions uid the like." The yield of gold In 1852 was estimated at £15,000,000, which waa "quiteenough to turn the head of the little community whose exports the year before had only been a tride over a million." Such good fortune could not last, and Mr. West garth mentions that in no subsequent year have the Victorian golduelda yielded even a near approach to £15,090,000. Katurally enough society was completely disorganised. Men left t&eir; farms, clerks their desks, Bailors their chips to swell the population on the Victorian goldfields, which in 1852 had risen to 70,000 souls. On the general social upset consequent en this new condition of things Mr. West garth has some interesting pages. ' Instead of rising with the gold," ha says, "houses and lands In Melbaurne actually fell, and considerably, too, in the fit?t cccfasio?, when multitudes were eellir g off or letting at anything they could get in order to be off to the diggings." One unpretending land agent —thd father of the man who was hanged for shooting at the Date of Edinburgh—enriched hun eelf by staying in Melbourne and buying op leases or fee simples for redispoaal a short time afterwards at a great advance. The authorities had wisely prohibited the sale of Intoxicants on the goldfields, but aly grog aelling was not uncommon and could cot be prevented. Toe restrictions upon the sale of drink were subsequently removed when the police had become better organised. Next in magnitude to the fortunes acquired by the discovery of the precious metal and by speculation ia Melbourne property at this time, were the sum? made by the keepers of the hotels where the diggers were accustomed to reduce their pile*, (fcwhotel," The Por cupine," made £40,000 a year net profit. It must net be forgotten that pastoral settle ment was the basis of colonisation la Vic toria, and of the early pioneers—the Hentjs ; John Fawkner, •* the father of Melbourne ;" Dr. Thomson, of Geelong— who made a great sum by dashing Loco Melbourne and communicating to tha millets and grain merchants the first news of the disastrous fires of Blask Thursday, which at once sent up the ptioa of bread—Jamea Simpson, the first magis trate of Melbourne ; and D. C. McaxUrar,. the father of Victorian banking—Mr. Weatgatth has much that is of interest to. telL Only a passing allusion can be aparoA to Sir <9ohnO Shauaasy, the " foremost. o£ Victorian etateamen;" and Mr. William Eerr, a gentleman of some note La hia. time, who founded the^r^N^and said it to its present proprietors for £500. The transition of Victoria from. * pastoral settlement to. a alourUhiag. populous, and expanding cocjnsrcial com- HiDuity—a field for the employment of capital in a hundred directions —neoes- entity brought about charges in tha aooUl life of its inhabitant 4. A.t the firat btgitiniDg of B?ttler Aan t life was hard ar.d sttrn enough. 'foe man who to aay is the millionaire s and landowner then lited as c^nely as, .when gold wa? discovered, did the wandering digger. Mr. Westgarth cas recall thb sense of awe which pervaded ths com mujoity wb,en the first carriage and pair— tu^iqee luxury!—was set up by Mr. * PMHOSai. BEOOIiKJItONS Of EABLt M<U> bodskb and Viotoeia, bj WiOium Wait* gKth: George Bobettooa & 00., K?U??tm •nl?fdiier. ■Beur^ "Wealthy raea began to epeoxt. their money on other things than beev and skittles in bash pubs. The np'ntde of the people expanded, aa they \:ould not do when they were occupied -with planning meana to fight the forces of nature. A hundred Inci dents which Mr. Westgarth witnessed before bis departure for England attested the development of the artistic Instincts of the community. We regret the want of eps.ee to linger upon these matters, t) describe the educational efforts of the Stale which felt itself impelled by force of circumstances to become a teacher, or to d it ell opoutbe huge expenditure Incurred publicly and privately in catering to the mental elevation of the people. What may be termed his miscellaneous recol lections form not the least Interesting j ortlon of Sir. Weetgarth'a book. Of the fiery disasters of Black Thursday— one of the moat noteworthy days of the memorable year, 1857 —he retains a rlrid impression. A few pages are devoted to the cheapness of food in those early days. In 1544 bread was 4d. the 4-Ib. loaf ; rich i' eth butter, 3d. a lb.; and beef and j :tion, Id. Slaughtering then was c ne chiefly for the sake of the i&liow;, and ltga of mutton having comparatively so little fat were sold for od. each, and bollocks heads were given away. This extraordinary cheapness of life necessaries was one of the facilities Mr. Westgarth utilised in • scheme with which he was personally connected for bringing German imini* granta to Victoria. Dr. Thomson, of Geelcttg, who took a great Interest In the Germans, Invited a party of them to his residence and entertained them on roast mntton. One man was observed to have eaten a couple of pounds' weight right off, and bo donbt felt, it is suggested, like the boy in Pttnc/i, juat as though his jacket were buttoned. Ac to the exact value of this German immigration opinion greatly differed at the time, and Lord Grey was attacked In the Legislature for spending money on foreigners which might better hare gone to English men. Mr. Westgarth dwells npon the success of the German settle ments, and ridicules the supposition ffry* fy*s introduction of German colonists had any tendency to denationalise the race already in poeaeasion of the field. " We know," he concludes, " that some thing of French, Flemish, Dutch, and Danish Norse, along with a leading dash of German, all grafted on the old British stock, have evolved the modern English man. Substantially, therefore, we are only reopening this useful manufacture which was effectively begun in England 15 centuries back." Mr. Westgarth communicates some in teresting political ?*??y>Titiir?>rnwt, Of the first Victorian Legislative Council his account is not nattering. He says " Dr. (now Sir Charles) Nicholson, the Sydney Speaker, happened to ply us a visit during these early legislative throes of baby Victoria; and aa I sat by him in the privileged place near the Speaker's chair he remarked that, prepared as he was to find a exude spectacle, he had never imagined an assemblage of such helpless incompetent^." In this connection may be mentioned Mr. Weatgarth's remarks on Government House, in which he describes the attempt of Mr. Latrobe to engraft npon the community a sort of " aristocracy" as a check upon the de mocratic ♦^pcl4>ri<*iwi that were beginning to find expression. Against the attempt, however, to enforce the doctrine that everything English was to be the correct thing, and everything Australian mean and of no account, tie colonists as might have been expected "kicked" very vigorously. The only parallel to this anti-democratic action was the scheme of Wentworth and the "upper ten" at Sydney "for tie protection of authority against levelling radicalism- He and his patty out-Heroding Herod, and being more governmental than the Government, seriously contemplated a limitation of the franchise to a £50 rental, aad the institu tion of a colonial peerage as a permanent slap in tie face totheuglydemocracj." We may afiecc now to ridicule this notable project, but had it not at the right time been dropped the result, Mr. Westgarth thinks, would have been civil war. We cannot take leave of Mr. Westgarth'a pleasant and instructive pages without with him noting the growth of speed in ocean travelling since his first risk to Australia. The voyage he made in 1840 took 141 days, which was rather if anything under the average length of time. On his second visit he tells us he expected within that period to go and return and still hare two and a half months to spare—a space of time which, with raOa and fast steamers every- J where, would enable him to visit all South Eastern Australasia, Including even New Zealand. He adds, however, that his steamer, the Coptic, avenged every day rather under 300 nautical miles. There is enough difference In these rates of speed to suggest to Mr. Wostgarth'a mind the hope of a three weeks' Aus tralian service by the straightest available line. ADELAIDE AND SUBCRBIK TRAM WAY COMPANY. The half-yearly meeting of the Adelaide and Suburban Tramway Company was held at the ArbiteatiaD room, Brcbange, Pirie-street, on Monday at noon. The chairman of directors (Mr. W. C^Buik) oscupied the chair, and there was a large attendance of shareholders. The report and balance- sheet, which have already been published, showed that the usual dividend of 4s. per share had been declared. Tbe Chaiemas, in moving the 1 adoption of the report and balance sheet, said tbe company was to be congratulated on the fact that aitfaongfa the exhibition had been doted for some time, and horse feed had advanced in price, they were able to declare the OBual dividend. Tbey had written con siderable sums from the value of the stock and plant, and bad brought the price of the horses down to £13 each. This was lower than the horseatock of any other company w?* set down at, and was about the present value of the horses although it was much lees than many of them cost the company. By good management on the part of the manager the great increase in the price of horse-feed had not so seriously affected the company as it would otherwise have done. They had no doubt noticed in the daily papers that a syndi cate had been formed to purchase the whole of the tramlines of the city and suburbs with a view to floating a com pany in London to work them, and the directors bad been communicated with, but bad replied tbat they were not able to place the company's lines under ofier. The lines were a splendid in vestment; and as their property was bound to increase in value as time went on they eawnorea?onfor placing them on the Lon don market. Mr. Lions seconded the motion. The preparers of the balance sheet had drawn it up in an ambiguous Tnnnwr, and he would like to know bow much of the £5,681 set down for hones had been spent during the half year; whether the average price paid for hay, £3 per ton, oould not be lessened by in viting tenders for the whole quantity wanted, in what manner the working expenses had been increased by £800 daring' the half-year. Toe Ceaiejjan aaid bay had cost as much as £410s. per ton during the half-year, and the lowest tender received during theJast day or two was £310s, per toot and that was for hay of an in ferior quality, although hay had recently become very ranch cheaper. The cost of the company's hones had, by writing off, "been reduoed to £13 per bead, indndiog those recently pur chased to take tbe plaoe of some which were got rid of. Be could not say how much had been paid for horses during tbe half year, but the information could be obtained at the o£se. The increase in the working expenses wag due to the enhanced ptice of horse feed. They had previously paid about £2 2a. 6d. instead of £3 per ten for hay, and the price of oats aad other feed had gone up in proportion to the price of bay. The report and balance sheet were adopted, aad the meeting terminated with a vote of thanks to the directors and orEcera of the company. 