Miscellaneous. LONDON, May. 14.-The romains of the late Mr. Francis Ormond will bo forwarded to Melbourne for interment as soon as possible. LONDON, May 14.-A cable message has been published in the London newspapers conveying an official denial of the statement that the Go- vernment of-New South Wales, had resolved to float a ne w loan on the London market at an early i date among financiera ' LONDON, May 15.-Mr. Harry Graham, of South Australia, has accepted an invitation to stand as a candidate in the Conservative interest for Weet St. Pancras in the House of Commons. LONDON, May 15.-A body of highwaymen attacked an army treasury escort in Arizona, ; North America. In the encounter eight members . of the escort were wounded, five being fatally injured. Several of the highwaymen decamnea with 30,000dol. . - ~ " » LONDON, May 15.-Mr. Leatham Bright, M.P., son of the late Mr. John Bright, has sailed on a visit to Australia and New Zealand. LONDON, May 15.-TRUTH says that the post; of Anglican Bishop of Sydney, which Dr. Barry] has just vacated, will not bo filled until next; year. LONDON, May 15.-It is reported hore that, at a drunken orgie in Washington Territory, U.S.A., five persons were shot dead. LONDON, May 10.-Professor Janisen, director of tho Mendoza Observatory, in tho Argentine Republic, declares that a scientific experiment " which he has made on tho top of tho Eiffel Tower,' at the Paris Exhibition, proves that there is no oxygon in the atmosphere of the sun. ' LONDON, May IC.-SpofTorth declines to play with Derbyshire, except against Yorkshire,' which county unconditionally assents to his in- clusion in tho team. LONDON, May 16.-The steamer Collingwood has been lost off tho coast of Spain. { LONDON, May IC.-Tho appeal of Lady Sand- hurst against the decision of tho court which ! declared that she could not sit as a member of a. , county council has been dismissed. Chief Justice' Colcridgo holds that women may vote for' members of county councils, but may not sit aa* Rrwdl. ~5 , LONDON, May IG.-À deputation from tho Fruit-growers' League asked Sir Saul SamiioJ, Agent-General for Now South Wales, if the Government of that colony woidd givo facilities for acquiring land there for fruit-growing, and whether the Government would contribute to- ward tho expenses of sending export fruit* growers to New South Wales. Sir Saul Samuej' in reply, doubted whether the G overnment woult give pecimiary assistance to a matter of privat« enterprise, but ho thought that it would affqr< every possible information. . ( LONDON, May IG.-Mr. Streeter, the well', known jeweller, has presented tho now Adelaide School of Mines with a complete set of precious stones. LONDON, May 17.-Sir Graham Berry, Agent-. General for Victoria, is seeking to engageanv engineer to advise tho Government of tho colony, upon a seworago scheme for Melbourne. "*T j LONDON, May 17.-Mr. J. L. Toole, tho emi- nent comedian, crave a banquot at the Garrick Club last night in honor of Mr. Artlmr Garner,' of the firm of Williamson, Garner, and Mus- grove. LONDON, May 17.-In the House of Commons last night a motion by Mr. Bradlaugh objecting; to the proposed terms for the commuting of per- petual pensions was rejected by a majority forty-nine. - v , LONDON, May 17.-The budget has bcon passed throiigh committee in the llouso of Commons' Mr. Gladstone's motion for tho equalisation of; the death duties on realty and personalty ha^ been rejected by a majority of seventy-six. LONDON, May 17. - Tho Town Council of Middlesbrough has passed a resolution approving of tho establishment of a crematory for disposing of dead bodies. j * LONDON, May 17.-A great fire has taken* place in Quebec, Canada. Five hundred houses wore destroyed. One thousand persons have been rendered destitute, and they are camped in the fields. ' LONDON, May 17.-MÍSB Alice Cornwell asserts that she is hampered in carrying out tho forma- tion of a company for constructing tho Adelaide Outer Harbor, by the fact that tho Harbor BiD has not been passed by the South Australian" Parliament. j?! i LONDON, May 17.-Tho gamblers arrested af' the Adelphi Club have been remanded until Thursday ; bail being allowed. %. i LONDON, May 17.-Mr. Noble, a graduate- of tho Sydney University, has been admitted as à member of the English bar. ' }\ \ LONDON, May 17.-Sir Said Samuel, Agent General for New South Wales, is seeking to obtain the services of a cavalry officer to take command? of the cavalry forces in the colony. "'), LONDON, May 18.-Mr. David Christie Murrày tbe well-known novelist, intends to visit Australia shortly on a lecturing tour. -V ^ LONDON, May 18.-Mrs. Maybrick, a nieceyof Jefferson Davis, who was President of the Con-j! federate States of America, has been" arrested on\ achargo of poisoning her husband, a Liverpool ' merchant. ? } LONDON, May 18.-Jackson, the champion '. pugilist of Australia, who has boen victorious in ' recent matches in tho United States, is coming to \ England, where ho hopes to bo able to arranges./ a contest with P. P. Slavin, who styles himself th© Australian champion boxer. LONDON, May 18.-O'Connor, tho Canadian oarsman, who is matched to row against Searle, , of N.S.W., tho present champion of the world, in 1 September next, is expected to arrive in England about the middle of Juno. LONDON, May 18.-Captain Murrell, coinman« der of tho British steamer Missouri, who jetti somed portion of his cargo in order to enablo him? to take on board the 600 Danish immigrants be<= longing to the ßhip Denmark, which was lately lost in the Atlantic, arrived at Tilbury Docks to-. day, and, in acknowledgment of his humané conduct was received with a great ovation. The passengers by the P. and O. Co/s E.M.S. Bri- tannia, which had just arrived from Australia, joined in choering. ' J LONDON, May 18.-Mr. W. E. Gladstone, M.P.> haB been spending the past week in yachting on. the coasts of Devon and Cornwell, and during tho time he addressed an-immènse gathering önv - the mainland, meeting with an enthusiastic-re--, ceptionl ... - v - -" . - j ; * LONDON, May 19.-The two Australian. biójr» . clißts (Messrs. Burston and Stokes) who some - months ago started from Melbourne on a tour round tho world, and who a month ago reached Constantinople, have now ridden into Borne. They will shortly proceed to France. LONDON, May 19.-Mr. Arthur Garner has purchased the Australian rights of " Paul Jones/' which will bo produced in Melbourne at Christ- mas. Miss Clara Melville ha3 been engaged as prima donna, to replace Miss Nellie Stewart. LONDON, May 19.-Mr. John Mathieson and Mr. Andrew Johnstone, the newly- appointed Bail way Commissioners in Queensland, wül leave for Australia in the E.M.S. Britannia. LONDON, May 19.-Sir William Jervois, lately Governor of New Zealand, has arrived in London. He will shortly be appointed to superintend im- portant military engineering works. LONDON, May 19.-All hopo of raising H.M.S. Sultan, which sank off Capo Comino, on the coast of Sardinia, after having struck a reef, has beon abandoned. Efforts are now being made to save the guns. LONDON, May 19.-Tho disputed points in con- nection with the conditions under which the America Cup Tacht Race is to be sailed have bonn rRmrtvnrl. LONDON, May 19.-Tho new schools at Eton College were opened yesterday hy her Majesty tho Queen. LONDON, May 19.-In tho House of Commons last night a motion was brought forward by Mr, Henry Labouchoro, M.P. for Northampton, in favor of the abolition of the House of Lords. The motion was rejected by a majority of 41. LONDON, May 19.-Colonel Maitland, Director General of Ordnance Factories, Woolwich, has compulsorily resigned his office, and also his membership of tho Army and Navy Club. The allegations against Colonel Maitland are, that he has been guilty of immorality of a depraved character. LONDON, May 20.-Sir Hercules Robinson, Governor of the Cape of Good Hope, has arrived in London. LONDON, May 20.-Sir Hercules Robinson states that the verbatim reports of the speech which ho delivered on leaving Capetown, will show that his views and opinions were greatly exaggerated.. LONDON, May 20.-A widow has been arrested upon a charge of poisoning James Maybrick, a Liverpool merchant, who was tho brother of her bato husband. LATER.-Mrs. Maybrick, who poisoned her late husband's brother, is a niece of Jefferson Davis. LONDON, May 20.-A murderor named Kem raier is to be executed by means of. . lectricity in New York on Juno 24. LONDON, May 20.-J ackson, the champion boxer . of Australia, has decided not to proceod to Eng- land at present. The Californian Athletic Club "is now arranging matches for him with Kilrain and others. LONDON, May 20.-Mr. Cotton, engineer of tho "drainage works at Rio, is an applicant for the position of enginoer to the Melbourne Sewerage Works. LONDON, May 20.-All the gamblers arrested in connection with the police raid on the Baccarat Club in Park-placo havo boen discharged. The owner of tho club has been fined ¿¡500, and the other officials less amounts. LONDON, May 20.-O'Connor, the Canadian, who has been matched against Harry Seaile, the champion sculler of the world, has beaten Hamm, Lee,, and Peterson in a sweepstake at Tacoma, on Puget Sound, Washington Territory, United States. LONDON, May 21.-Princess Beatrice, -wife of Prince Henry of Battenberg, has given birth to a . eon.' LONDON, May 21.-A bill introduced in the 'House of Lords to qualify women to sit in the ' County Councils has been thrown out by a large majority. LONDON, May 21.-In tho House of Commons last night a motion brought forward by Mr. W. Pritchard Morgan, member for Merthyr-Tydvil, denouncing the practico of levying royalties on gold-mining in "Wales, was negatived by a majority of 45. LONDON, May 21.-O'Connor will commence training in England in midsummer for his match against Searle for the championship of the world. LONDON, May 21.-The appeal to the Privy Council in the case of the A.S.N. Company v. Howard Smith and Sons, arising out of the Birksgate-Barrabool collision, has been dismissed, with costs. LONDON, May 21.-The steamships German Emperor and the Beresford came into collision yesterday in tho English Channel during a dense fog, and the former founderèd. Twenty lives aro known to bo lost, and it is feared others of the missing passengers and crew have been drowned. LONDON, May 21.-At a great meeting of the Primroso League in Her Majesty's Theatre, the Marquis of Salisbury said the most remarkable political phenomenon of the time Avas the manner in which the home counties were becoming Tory in proportion to the lowering of the suffrage. 