REPORT ON THE SUGAR IN DUSTRY COMMISSION, To His Excollonoy Sir Arthur Hunter Palmor, Knight Commander of tho Most Disting uished Order of St. Michaol and 8t. Goorgo, President of tho Legislative Council, and Administrator of tho Go vornmont of tho Colony of Quoonsland and its Dopondonoios. May it Please Youit Excellency,— An Chairman of tho Comminnion appointed by lottors patent dated tho 29th day of No- vombor, 1888, "to inquire into and roport apon tho gonoral condition of tho sugar in dustry lu Qaoonsland and tho causes which hnToIodto its prosont languishing condition, and tho boat moans to bo adopted for reviving and maintaining its prospority, and, generally, npon tha prospoots of tropical ngrioutturo in Quoonsland," I havo tho honour to lay bo foro your Excollonoy tho following Roport i— districts inspected, and witnesses examined. 1\. immediately npon reoolving tho lottors patent tho Commissioners mot in tho Parlia mentary Bntidings, Brisbane, and, taking into consideration tho groat difficulties of travel ling in tho North daring tho wot soason, and tho importnnco of making a thorough exami nation of witnossos ana inspoation of tho plantations in tho Northorn diitriots, roBolvod to proceod to Port Douglas and to work from thoro down to tho moro Sonthorn nortlons of tho colony. Accordingly wo procooaod dirootto tho Northorn districts, ana having oxamlnod minutely tlio stato of tho sngar industry and tho condition of tropical agrioulturo at Port Douglas, Cairns, tho Horbort Kivor, tho Johnstono Kivor, Townsvillo, tbo Dolta of tho Bardokin, Maokay, Koakhampton, Bnndaborg, Maryborough, Rosewood, Logan, Pimnama, and tho Coomora. Thoro woro oxaminod alto- gotlior 151 witnoBBOa, whoso namos appear in tho index, and who may bo nlasBifiou as fol lows Govornmont officials, 17; planters and mnnagors, 41 : farmers and solootors, 53 ; morchants and storokoopor, ID ; manafao- turors, 5 ; sundry professions and working mon, 15. evidence op witnesses unaule to attend. 2\. In tho earlior part of tho inquiry it was discovered that, owiug to tho great diBtanoo at which many of tho planters resided from whoro tho CommiBsionars liad agrood apon to tako thq testimony of witnossos, it was Im possible for thom to attend and givo oridonco ; many of thom also woro absont from tho dis tricts, and it was doomed dosirablo In both casos that tho opinion of thoso planters on tlio sugar quostion should bo asoortainod. Thoro woro accordingly drafted a sorios of quostlons, which will no found in an appendix. Thoso questions togothor with a circular lottor was Bont to 300 planters, Iteplios woro ro- coivod from ninoty-six of thom ; and in ordor thnt thoir vtows should bo pat in a oonoroto form, tho wholo of tho answers to tho various quofltions havo boon summarised in narrativo form, and is appondod to tho oridonco. Ad- vortiflomonts woro also inserted in sovoral newspapers inviting oridonco from all who woro disposed to assist tho inquiry. extent and value of buoar industry. 3\. Travelling ovor such a largo aroa of conntry, and oxamlning suoh a largo numbor of wituaflRos.andvisitingand inspecting almost ovory sugar plantation in Queensland, neces sarily gavo mo a vory acourato idea of tho valuo or tho sugar industry in tlio oolony, Tho total area of land under- cultivation in tho colony on tho 31st Dooombor, 1887, was 205,737 aaros, of which 51,815 acres woro nndor sugar cultivation n'rfo statistics of Registrar- Gonoral), thus showing that tho sugar iudustry represents ono-fourtli of tho ontiro aroa culti vated in tho oolony. From tho ovidonoo of various witnossoB oxaminod, and from ovidonoo obtained in anothor way, I ostimnto that tho capital invested In tho sngar industry of tho colony rangos from £4,000,009 to £5,000,000 sterling ; tlio maohinory alono represents a value of £1,000,000 ; tho annual expenditure is scarcely lens than £700,000 storting, and tho valuo of tho sugar exported is, in good seasons, about £800,000. For tho season ended tho 31st of March of thin year, tho quantity of sngar exported was 17,000 tons, whioh, at £20 por ton, represents a valuo of £310,000. Tho number of whito Europeans who aro permanently employed in tho sngar industry cannot bo Iobs than from 2,000 to 3,000 ; tho total nnmbor who aro moro or loss directly interested in tho industry can- not bo loss than 10,000 persons ; and tho nnmbor of Polynesians who aro ongngod in tho indnstry Is from 0,000 to 7,000. Tho wages of tbo kanakas amount to about £50,000 por annum, . whilst that of Europeans would amount to £100.000. In tbo districts north of Townsvillo tho farmers' produco is almost con sumed by tho plantations, tho nnmbor of borsos that are boing workod bolng onormooR. avomging in many instances ovor a hundred on a siogla plantation. Tho shipping trado of tho oolony is also seriously interested in tho sngar industry, and its importnnco in this connection may bo judged from tho fact that tbo A.U.8.N. Company's returns for 1888 show a diminution in roeoipts on tho freight of sngnr alono of £22,000 (vide Mr. Munro's ovi donoo, quostion 6-180), arising from tho short ness of tho crop of that yoar, whioh was oc casioned by tho droagbt. Thus it will bo ap parent that tbo proapority of a vory largo Cortion of tlio colony and of a vory largo num- or of its inhabitants doponds almost ex clusively upou tho prospority or othorwiso of tlio eugar industry. i'herent condition of the suoar industry. 4\. Is tho sugar industry now dopressod, and is Us condition such as to justify Inquiry and romodlal measures P Tho results of a porsonal Inspection of tho various distriots of tho colony havo gono a long way to answer this quostion. At Port Douglas thoro is only ono plantation, and at tho timo of my visit that was dosed, and was in liquidation. Tho capital invested in it waa roprosontod to bo about £1G,000, and scarooly any of thoBO who had had anything wbatovor to do with tho plantation woro nblo to mako it a profitablo undertaking. At Cairns tho principal eugar plantations are Hamblodon and tbo Pyramid, upon Ilamblodon tho snm of £180,u00 had boon oxpondod, bnt it hod retnrnod no interest, and at tho Pyramid £130,000 liad boon invos- tod, and no Interest whatovor had boon re ceived from it. A private individual and a oompany who subsequently purcbasod tlio plantation havo boon ruinou, and now it is in tlio hands of iho mortgagees, who oro willing to dispofio of it at ono-fonrth of its valuo, or porbaps ovon loss. At tho JohnBtono River a similar state of affairs was found to oxist. Tho only plantation thoro whioh showod any thing liko indications of paying its way was that of Goondi, thu proporty of tlio Coloninl Sugar Refining Company. As this company has enormous capital at its hack it is enabled to offoot improvomoutu in maohinory and othorwiso for tho production of sugar from oano, and to carry on all its undertakings in the most improved mannor. On tho Horbort Hirer 1 found both planters and faraors who gruw eano In a stato of great depression. No rain had falloa there for sovoral months whon I visited tho locality, and tbo outlook for tho future was anything but promising. 1 found all tho plantations, with ono or two oxcoptioos heavily onsutnborod, many of thom barely pay ing tiioir way, whilo in others tho mortgagoos had foreclosed and onion had boon offootcd at not moro than ono-sixth tho original cost of tho nroportios. Thus tho llamloigh plantation— tlio proporty of tbo llamloigh Hugar Company a Mclbonrno proprietary— had cost £120.000 whon all further poeuuiary advances woro ro- fuxod. Tbo plantation eomprisod 5,400 aoros of land, a mill whioh oost £30,000, agricultural iuiplomonta of all descriptions, including two Rtcam ploughs, and a substantial and well- built homestead of more or loss valuo. This proporty was placod in tbo markot at Mol- Lonrno for 5ona Jiih nnresorvod salo, and was. purchased by Whippingbam Urothors for £13.000, Tho lato firm of Fanning, Nonk- ovill and Company was ostimatod to hnvo lost fully 200.000 by tiioir sugar Investments on tho Horbort Iiivor, thoir Gairloch plantation alono, upon which £120,000 hnd boon oxpondod realised only £10,000. Tho Macnado planta tion, nnon whioh £130.000 had boon oxpondod, was taken ovor by tbo mort-' gagoo for tho amount of his mortgage, £31,000. Other cnaoa could bo quoted, but tho foregoing will Rufiloo to show tho condition of tho Horbort Hivor plantations. Tho small eano growors, who roly almont ontiroly tipon oano growing for a livelihood, gavo ovidonoo as to thoir condition ; thoir crops of eano had docroaaod from -10 tons tho aero to 10, 13, and 12 tons; thoy had foand oxtromo diffloclty In making a living, and many of thom had boon obliged to obtain employment from tho divi sional boards as contractors, in ordor- to ao- qoiro tho necessary funds to koop their farmB in working ordor. On tho Dolta of tlio Durdokin tho plantations woro In un oqually doplorablo condition. With tho oxcoption of ono or two, all woro hoavily oneumborodand tho losses arising from tho low prico of sagar and tbo oontinuod drought had brought ruin moro or loss upon all of them ; in somo in stances mortgagoos had foreolosod, and tho planters had bocomo simply managers and fiold ovoreocrs on thoir own plantations. At Mackay, whioh may bo regarded as ono of tho chiof contros of tho sugar industry in Qaoons land, and whoro thoro oro 17,500 oorns at land under sagar cultivation, I found tho condition of affairs practically tbo samo as in most of the othor sugar growing distriots. Tho sud den fall in the prico of sugar and tho eon- tinned drought, tho heavy interest to be paid on borrowed monoy, ana tho largo same in vested in maohinory, had all num'sted to tho accumulation of serious liabilities, which pressed hoavily npon tho planters and ron- dorod tho position of many of thom al.nont intolerable. Only in ono instonco— that of Sir. MtCrodio, of Taltnyra, was thoro a return of interest on tho capital invoited. and this caso illustrates tho forco of what will bo s&ld; fnrthor on in relation to largo unproductive areas. Mr. MoCrodio'n plantation comprises only 620 aoros, of wbtoh 470 acres woro under oano. For six years, prior to 1888, tho plan tation yielded G por cent, interest after pay ing working oxponsos. Tbo yoar 1888, owing to tho continued low prico of sugar aud tho effects of tho drought, showed a loss of £1500. Tho amount of capital invontod was £20,000, and tho mill cont £1500 in GlaRgow, and with bulldingB and cost of orootion, only £9000. Tho flraall farmors at Maokay, oqually with thoir follow laborers on tho Hor bort River, wore in a vory dopressod condi tion, inasmuch as tho yiolu of eano on many of tho Rmall farms of tho dletriofc had bcon mtioli lowor than on tbo Horbort, boing in somo canoa ns low as 2 tons to tho aoro. 1 am ablo to snonk from porsonal observation of somo of thoso caeoa, and thoro may bo Bomo justification for the Btatomont of ono of tho wltnosaoB that somo of tho solootors woro In suoh a condition that thoy wero obliged to go into tho bush and shoot a stray kangaroo to find animal food for thoir families. This ovi denco was givon.by a porfootly disinterested witness, whoso sympathies woro ontiroly with tho small farmors and who liad ovory oppor tunity of knowing and loarnlng thoir condi tion. Tho town of Maokay itsolf was most seriously dunroBsod in its trndo and gonoral business, and, from tbo ovidenco of tho com mercial mon tboro, it was quito ovidout thab tho wholo of tho townspooplo sorioualy felt tho depression which rests upon tlio sugar In- dnntry of that distriat. In 1897 tho oxports from tho port of Maokay woro £302,424, and in 1883 thoy had fallon to £137.520 : tho im ports iu 1887 wero £125,730, and in 1888 thoy foil to £01.128. Tboso statistics woro fur nished by the sub-collootor of Customs at Maokay, and vory cloarly demonstrate tho sorious offcota whioh a prolonged drought of two yoars havo had upon tho trndo of the port. At Rockhampton tboro is only ono plantation i it was in liquidation, and was offorod for salo on tho day following the arrival of tho CommiRflionors, and nold, sub. Joot to tho npprovnl of tho gnorantors, for £10,500. About £40,000 hnd boon oxpondod upon It ; only £24,000 of tho capital liad bcon subnoribod, and tboro was an ovordrnrt, for which certain guarantors woro responsible, of £16.000, Tho causos asulgnod for tlio fail ure of thin plantation woro tho low prioo of sugar, tlio drought of 1883, and early difiiotil- tlos in connoation with labor. At Bnndaborg I fonnd tlio condition of affairs Romowliat Jifforout. This district has boon compara tively prosperous, and tho rising and pro gressive town of Bandaborg owos its progress and its largo accession of population almost ontiroly to tho sngar industry. It has not snfforoa liko many of tho othor districts of tlio oolony. Tho soil is oxooptionally rioh, moro particularly iu tho Woongarrn scrub, and tlio yiold of eano is proportionately largo ; tho orootion of a sugar refinery by the Mossrs. Cran at Millqniu has also boon an important faator in aiding and assisting tho Bugar industry, and in tho planters and growors of eano obtaining romnnorativo prieos for thoir predaots. Tlio Milluqutn ro- llnory roproRonts a capital of £150,000, and an annual oxponditnro of from £10,000 to £60,000, and from tbo oxoollont system it pos- bobbos for bringing tbo juioo from tho sugar mills to tho rollnory. has contributed largoly to tlio suaoosB of tbo oano growors in tho past, and will no doubt do so in tho future, Thoro Is not so muoh Interest to pay on bor- rowod monoy in this looality as in somo of tho othor sugar growing districts, nor has ao largo an amount boon iuvoatod in maohinory on whioh interest has to bo paid, nor arc tho areas of land in tho possoBBion of tlio planters moro than thoy can manage or tnrn to usoful and practical aooount. Tho rcault of all tbcBO oiroumstancoa la that Bnndaborg is, comparatively spoaking and whon com pared with tlio moro Northern dintriots, a prosperous sugar growing distriot; its buo- uobb largoly dopomls upon tho sugar industry, and this faot is amply borno out by tho official statistics of 18S8. Tho total exports from tlio port of Bundaborg for that year woro £362,500, of whioh £303,422 wan for sagar alono, loaving only £51.000 for othor produc tions. At Maryborough tho sngar industry was in a vory dopressod condition, arising partly from tho drought, partly from tho low Krioo of sugar, and partly no doubt from ox- austion of tho soil by oontiotious cropping and with ono particular crop. At ono timo tho oxport of sugar from Maryborough rangod from 5900 tons to 6000 tons ; it bns now fallen to 1500 tons, notwithstanding that at Yongario thoro is a largo rofinory in which £100,000 is Invostod. ana whioh is cnnablo of manu- facturing from 3000 tons to 4000 tons of re fined sugar in tho soason. In tho Lognn district 1 found many nf tbo otdor plantations, abandoned, but many of tho smaltor ones aro still in oxistenco and aro growing oano, in somo instances profitably, and in otnors affording tho ownors only a bare snbsistonco. Tho co-oporativo prinoiplo, judging from tho oxporimont whioh has boon mndo at Eaglosby, appoara to havo boon suooossful, and tho Germane, who havo established a oo-oporativo mill thoro and who havo workod it for tlio past sovon yoars, aro porfootly sntiHflod with what thoy have dono in tho past and with thoir proBpoots for tho future. At tho Coomora, at Mr. Grimoa's plantation, a simi lar hopoful condition prevails, and Mr. Grimoa is bo satisfied with his past offorts and his prospoots for tiio future thnt ho intends to plaoo forty aoros moro undor oano. Tho fore going will, I think, show boyond nny doubt tliat tho sugar industry on tho wholo ir vory much doprcsRod and its existence cb an in- dnntry sorioiiBly imnorillad from a variety of eauBos othor than labor. 5\. Tho caanos assigned for tho doprosfllon, as will bo gathered from tho ovidonoo, aro numoroas and variod. Thoy comprho mis- mnnsgomont, oxtravaganoo and Inoxporionco of planters In tho oarly days of tbo industry, flnanoial ombarrannmont owing to working on borrowed oapltul, lossos through unfavorable soasons, dlsoaso, exhaustion of tho soil, fall In tho prioo of sugar, and loss of oonfiaonoo In tho industry, which, it is alleged, Is owing to tho abolition of blaok labor in tho noar fntnro, and whioh prevents planters obtaining tbo nooossary odvanoua to ourry thom on. fall in i'hice of suoar the primary cause, G. Tbo groat fall in tho prioo of sagar Is, In my opinion, tho primary canso of tho do- proaston. Whon BUgar was realising from £30 to £10 por ton a sort of " boom " sot in, and thoro was a rush of norsons to the Northorn distriots to soloot land for sugar ? rowing purposos undor tbo bofiof that rapid ortunos woro to bo mado. Blocks of land woro selected on tho Northorn rivers ranging in area from G10 aoros to 1280 aoros, and othor areas wore aoquirod making tho total area in many instancos 5000, and as high as 8000 and 12,000 aoros ; largo ordors for ma ohinory woro sout to England and mills woro orootod at a cost in many instances of £10,000, whon porliaps a mill of ono-fourtli tho onpaoity and ono-fourtli tho cost would havo boon amplo for tho thon area nndor cultivation. On tho oarlior plantations ovorything appoars to havo bcon conducted on a scale of oxlrava- ganeo unusanl and quito foroign to tho com mencement of a now industry. The monoy for carrying ont tlio undertaking had in most caaoH to ba uorrowed, or at all ovonts a vory largo proportion of it, and tho result has boon that tho accumulated interest upon tho borrowed capital has now attainod a sum it is quito imposHihlo for tho plantations to boar, and ncoossarily must ontaU oortain ruin on many of tho owners of thom. Tn somo casos 7000 acres of loud aro luoludod In a plantation, but not moro than 800 acres havo boon culti- vated ; and not moro than GOO acres aro at tbo prosont timo undor eano. Tho mill ma ohinory for crushing this eano has cost at tho loast from £30,000 to £40,000, and tho build ings and othor improvomonts whioh havo iioan orootod and carriod out represent a capital of £100,000; and In many Imitancos a muoh largor sum. Tbo wholo of tho work ing oxponsos of suoh a plantation, and tho interest on tho monoy Invested on tho unpro ductive land, and in maohinory and bnildings, havo to bo borno by tho small aroa onltivatod : and whon to this in addod tho small crop of eano owing to tho continued drought of tho last two yoars, thu condition of many of tho planters can bo vory woll nndorstooo. It is horo that tho chargos of ailogod mismanage ment and oxtravagant oxpondituro find a plaoo, whilst tho inoxperionon and laok of knowlodgo on tho part of planters in tho oarly days re specting tho onltivation of Hugar eano and tho manufacture of sugar is painfully ovident in tho largo and oxponrivo CHtabfislimonts whioh havo buuu orootod, and whioh flubBoqnoat ovonts havo provod woro totally unnooontiary, as mnoh smnllor maohinory nnd much Iobs capital would havo answorod all tho nurnoBos of tho ownors of tho plantations. It is bnt jUHt to say that Binco tho fait in tho prico of sugar thoro bus boon a great desire on tho part of tlio planters to Improvo thoir ma ohinory by donblo crushing powor, tho pre vention of waste, and othorwiso, so as to obtain as much sugar as possiblo from tho cauc. nnd this result has undoubtedly bcon attainod. But thoso Improvomonts havo addod to tho original cost of tho plants, and still fnrthor in creased the liabilities and aocroiug interest on already ovorburdeaod plantations. losses from drouailt and disease,— tjie orui1 l'est. 7\. That thoro havo boon sorions losses through tho drought of tho past two years and from (liscaso has also been inado apparont, and is dearly revealed in tho ovidonoo ap pended. On tbo Horbort Kivor tho grab has provod vory dostrnotivo ; iu oomo canon small farmers havo hod os muoh as twonty-fivo acres in a soason completely dostroyod, while in othor eases tho loss from tho samo causo is stated to havo boon 10, 15, ond as high as 25 par cont. Tho lossos by drought arooi-oourso moro sorious. In good soasons, on many of tho plantations north of Townsvillo, tho yiold of eano has boon from 30 tons to 40 tonB tho aoro. In 16S7# owing to ibo drought, it foil to 20 tons, 18 tons, and 10 tons, and daring 1888, owing to tho oontlnaanoo of tho dronght it feu in somo instanoos, ovon in favored dintriots, as low as 12 tons to tho aoro ; and at Maokay tho yiold of somo of tho small farms only averagod 2 tons of oano to tho .oore. Tho losses, thoroforo, by drought ahd by Uio ravages of tho insoot plaguo havo boon with out question no small factors in assisting to bring about tho prosont depression in tho sugar industry. Tho grub has boon vory do strnotivo during tho last two yoars In ail tbo eorub lands. Aooording to tho oxporionoo of planters in tlio Cairns, Johnstono, and Hor bort ltivor Districts, it commences Its ravages on lands that havo boon cleared for tho first timo. and planted at tho ond of tho third or tho boginning of tho fourth yoar. Entomologists stato that tho grub which nttaoks tho eano tokos throo'yearsfrom tho laying of tlio egg until tho bootle cdmos to maturity; but tho oxporionoo ofiplanters goes to show that in tho months of Soqjombor nnd Ootobor tho grub entors tho dormant or chrysalis stato, and in Novombor and Dooombor it Is hatched as a winged blaok bootlo. Tho bootlo omorgos from tho soil at tho ond of Docomber nnd tho early part of January, and takes wing usually to trees, whoro thoy often dostroy tho young wood by ringbarkiog. Nowly suwkod lima has boon appliod as a remedy around tho oano, but it has not sucaoodod iu destroying tho grab at tho noriod whon it is most dostrno tivo. Expencnoo goos to show that tho grub thrivos boat in dry soil, and 1b cepooially troublosomo In soasons of drought, honco tho reason why it has boon so dostruotivo during tho yoars of 1687 and 1888. At Moorilyan tho grub first attacked tho young ratoons at tho ond of tho yoar 188G, throo and a-half yoars aftor tho sorub had boon follod and tho land planted ; and it did so on all tho rlvor frontages of that plantation with suoh vigor thnt labor was unablo to oopo with tho post, and a largo nroa of oano was ontiroly dostroyod, and tiio land for a timo abandoned. At tho oloso of tho rainy season In 18S7, tho land was grubbed, stumped, plonghod, harrowed, and replanted, and by Dooombor of 1887. 179 aoros woro undor oultivation and planted with eano ; in only ono plonghod bloolc did tho grub reap- pear, and thon only In small patches. From tho oxporionoo of this plantation it would ap- ponr that thorough cultivation is tho boat onro and remedy for this post. Attention, howovor, is directed to nn oxtraot from n lot- tor writton by Mr. Angns Gibson, of Blngoro plantation, in tbo Bundaborg diatriot, to Mr. A. S. Cowloy, in which tho writer statos that irrigation has boon tho tnonns of oliookiug tho progress of tho grub ; that it cannot stand nn oxensn of moisture s aud that whon tho eano laud is flooded with irrigation waters tho grabs riso to tho surfaco and dio ; and hand- rods of birds havo boon soon hovoring ronnd tho irrigated oano in search of tho grubs float ing on tlio surfaoo of tho water. causes of want of confidenoc on t1ie fart of monetary institutions x? the suoar industry. — dountt sys- tku in europe. 8\. It la ailogod by many of tho witnossos tlmt tho want of confidonoo now manifested by banks and monetary institutions in tho sugar industry has orison from tho nation of tho Legislature In passing a statute by wbloh tho Importation of Polynesian labor is absolutely prohibited aftor tho 31st of Dooombor, 1890 ; but tho foots addueod will soarooly hoar out tho oontontion. I think that tho fall in tho . 8rioo of sugar, and tlio onormous inoroaso iu 10 quantity of sugar manufactured from boot- root, and tho hoavy lossos oocaslonod by tho drought, aro tiio ohlof reasons why, at tho prosont tlmo, thoro Is a want of confidonoo folt in tho Rtigar industry. At tlio prosont timo tlio United States of Atuorlca, Frauoo, Gor- many, AuBtria, Dolglum, and Holland, aro all ongagod in tho production of sugar, aud aro adopting ovory moans, soiontifio and othor- wieo, to onoourago its culture and to assist ito progress. Largo plantationa'in tho Sandwich Islands nro ownod almost oxoluslvoly by woalthy Americans, and tha output of sugar from thoso islands is vory largo indood. Tho Amorionn Govornmont havo for eomo timo past, through tho modium of thoiragrloultural department, boon making a numbor of oxpori- monts with tho viow of testing tha adapta bility of sorghum as a sugar growing plant, and tho latest reports which woro laid boforo tiio Sngar Convention hold in London in Ang- ust of last yoar wont to show that it was fully antioipatod that tho Stato of Kansas alono would, in tha oourso of timo, produoo a yiold of 500.000 tons of eugar from sorghum. Mr. Sprouslos, who 1r ono of tho largest ownors of plantations in tho Sandwich Islands, has now erected a largo bootroot sugar manufactory at Ban Francisoo. and in nob only cultivating a largo area of bootroot htmaolr, but has also offorod Apooial inducomonts to tho farmors to grow bootroot for him, and a vory largo area iu thnt State has boon placod undor cultivation with tlio sugar bootroot. In faot, ovory effort is boing pnt forth by tho" United Statos Go vornmont and pooplo to grow as muoh sugar as possiblo, in oruor to koop down importa tions, and honoo tho reason why tho United States Govornmont doolinod to bo oflloially ro prosontod at tho| rooont Intercolonial Oonfor- onoo In London on the sagar quostion. It up- . . . poars to mo that tho offoob of tho bounty sys; turn npon sugar production is not uaifiolontly ostimatod by tho gonoral publio, or1>y thoap , ongagod in tho sugar industry. Undoubtedly it iB tho moanB of giving an immense amount of omploymont, botli In tho fiold and tho fac tory, to tho largo Industrial populations of Franco, Gormany, Austria, ana othor Conti nental nations; and thoso countrios aro pre pared to mako unusnal aaoriflcoa in ordor to koop up tho sugar industry, and to onoourago aH muoli an possiblo largo oxports of sugar. What tho Continental nations aro now doing in order to fostor tho industry may bo gathorcd from tho followiog extract from a spoooh of Baron do Worms, ono of tho roprosontativos of Groat Britain at tbo Sugar Convontlon, and who was clootod Its prosidont, delivered at Groonook on tho let of lust Novombor. Tho right honorablo gontloman said » " Tho following figures will show tho sacri fice foroign countries uiako in ordor to main tain tho bounty system. Uonntios cost Franco £3.380,000, Germany £3,238,481. Austria £1,030,067, Bolglum £813,000, Holland £309, 655\. In Qormany this amounts to £5 por ton on tho quantity exported, In Franco to £8 por ton on Uio quantity manufactured, in Austria to £3 par ton on tho quantity oxportod. Why do foroign govornmonts mako thoso troraou- docs sacrifioos ? Tho answer is vory siraplo, Tholv objoot has boon, and is, todavolopby- artificial moans tiioir own sngar industry, and thoartlfiolal moans thoy adopt aro tho stato jmbsidios. Against whom is this artificial compotition aimod ? Against tho oano sngar pronuoor of tho British oolonies. and tho ro- finor of tho British towns. It is impoBsibloto Buggont any othor reason for tho oxistonoo of Biigur bounties In foroign countries, inasmuch as tho groat Bugar markot of tho world is England, and that tho only means by whioh foroign countries conld hopo to compote with or destroy tlio British sugar industry waa by giving an advanoo to thoir produaors and re finers—a profit far away greater than tho lo- gitimato profit whioh ooald bo earned in tho ordinary oourso of trado." Tbo foregoing indicates tho onormous -saori- Aeon whioh Continental nations nro making in ordor to foster and onoourago tho production of sugar from bootroot, and it Is against this artiolo that tho sugar growers of Quoonsland havo largoly to oontomi. It is, in my opinion, tbo knowlodgo of this compotition addod to tho oxtromoly low prioo of sugar whioh It has oocaslonod (and Air. Knox, tho gonoral man ager of tho Colonial Sugar Refining Company, in his ovidonoo, states that tho low prioo Is likely to bo pormanont) and tho smallnosa of tho orops caused by tho two yearn' drought; and tho already ombarrosBoa con dition of tho planters, whioh havo brought about tbo want of confidonoo that it Is now al leged is manifested by monotary institutions in tho sugar industry. REMEDIES HUOOEBTED. 9\. Tho remedies suggested by tho various witnossos for tho amelioration of tho condition of tbo sugar industry, briofly summarised, are as follows :— to) Tlio repeal of tiio 11th soction of " The Pacific Island Labourers' Act of 1880 /Iniuudmonf Act of 1885," and its ex tension for a further period of fivo yours ; (5) A reciprocity treaty to bo ontorod into with tho Australian oolonioB, for tho adtniBRion of Quoonsland grown sugar duty froo upon oortain conditions to bo arrangod botwoon tho contracting parties ; (c) Tho adoption of a comprohonsivo sugar euhomo ; and (</) That tho Govornmont ehonld tako tho introduction of Polynesians Into thoir own hands, and establish dopots at tho various islands to ba managed by Go vernment agents, and that on tho arrival of islandors in Qaoonsland thoy ehonld bo convoyed to tho immigration' bar racks, and there bo open to engagomont in tho samo way as ordinary whito im migrants, tho planters to bo responsible for tho wholo oost of tho sohomo. profosf.d extension for further period oe five years of the llth. section of ' "the pacific island lauourens' act of 1880 amendment act of 1885." 10\. In considering tho first of thoso sug gested romodieB, a vory gravo quostion of pnblio policy arisos. In tho general election of 1883, tho qiiostlon of colonrad labour was distinctly boforo tho constituencies, and thoy woro invited through tho ballot-box to pro- nounoo an authoritative opinion as to whothor oolonrod labour was dosir&bla; or otherwiso for any of tbo industries of Quoonsland. Tho answer was an omphatio "No," and a largo majority of tnotnbors woro rotarnod to Parlia ment pledged to oppose tho introdaction of coloured labour anil to put a stop to its further Introduction as early as possiblo. Tho will of tho pooplo thus doolarod through tho ballot-box, was glYon prnotloal offoob to by tho Parliament of tho day, who repeated tho : The Coolie Immigration Act of 18C2, and passed The .Pacific 'Island Labourers' Act of 16S0 \- Amendment Act of 1885, the 11th section of which prohibits tho farther Introduction of South ooa islanders' on and after tho 31st ofDeeombor. 181)0. At tho gonoral oloctlon of May, 1888, tho quostion was again boforo tho constituencies, and in most of the largo eontres of population, as woll aBin many of the more sparsoly populated districts, candi dates woro returned oppoicd to coloured ' Inlionr. Tlioso who aro oogaged in tho augar industry, thorcforo, ask tlio Parliament of tho country to rovcrno Us decision arrived at after maturo doliboration on tho part of tho groat body of tho doctors, who authorised their mombers to giTo effect to thoir wishes. Assuming that heavy losses, arising from tho causos already defined, aro ono of tho reasons whv tho country is nskod to reverse its do- cimon on tho colourod labour qnostion, may it not with equal propriety »bo nskod that some consideration bIiouM bo shown to tho graziers and agriculturalists of the colony who havo also sustained sorious and grievous losses through tho late disastrous drought ; and may not tho growers of wheat and maize in tho various districts of tho colony who suffer 'from a failure of their crops, and tho largo numbor of farmers in tho Logan district, who havo not only suffered from tho drought, but also from ono of tho most disastrous floods that evor afiHetod ttio country, with equal reason apply for legislation in thoir bolialf? I respectfully submit that in considering tho proposed romody suggosted for tho rollof of cno particular class of tbo community, wo aro bound in all fairness and justice to consider how far that roliof is justifiable as affooting other portions of tho colony. Tho vordiat of tho doctors was unquestionably adverse to to tho rovlval of tho coloured labour qnostion, it waa considered by pnblin mon in alt its as pects — moral, social, and political— and it was doomed advliablo in tho best interests of tho oountry that a timo should eorao when coloured labour should oease, and when all tho indus tries of tho country should bo oondnoted en tirely by white labour. Tlio question now to bo determined is, has anything special arisen which would justify n departure from the previous action of tho Lerrislature, who simply gavo effect to tbo doHborsto voioo of tliopooplo? FEDERATION OF THE COLONIES, (a). Moroovor, if Australia la to bo a groat federated dominion on tho basis of tho Do minion of Canada, with a dominion parliamont and a dominion oxooutlvo, ond tbo fodoratcd colonies aro still to rotaln thoir presont go vernments and legislatures, then without question, tho furtnor admission into any oolony of Aslatio or coloured races is definitely Bottled, becanso federation of the colonies \- moans tho exclusion of all Asiatlo and oolourod races from AuRtnvlia, oxecpt to a very inapprooiablo extent. Tho publio men of tho largor colonies of Viotorin and Now South Wales havo already intimatod in thoir sevoral addresses at the recent gcnoral oloo- tions in thoso colonies thoir bolief in federa tion, and thoir intontion at tbo satno timo to kcop Australia free from all Asiatio or 'Coloured races. Honco It is dear that if Qaoonsland is to join in afoderatod Australia —and tho aspirations of all her publio won are in that dlrootion— the roquost of tho planters for tho extonsion of tho terms of tho 11th sooHon of Tho Pacific Inland Labourers' Act of 1880 Amendment Act of 1885 is practi cally disposed of. DIFFICULTIES OF AORICULTUUIHTH IN THE NORTHERN COAST DISTRICTS. — OIIINKHE CULTIVATION IN OAIRNH DIHTRICT.— CLEANING LEAfJEH QIVEN TO CHINESE IIY BELEOTOnS. On tho othor hand, tho qnostion arisen, " Is Queensland in a position to do without tho sugar industry, or to oonfino tho cultivation of sugar to white labour oxelasivoly?" And in answoriog that qaoBtion wo aro bound to -look at all the santouuding oironmstancos of the eono. The cllmato north of TownsvlUo is essontially tropical, tho loruhs aro un imnono- treble junglo, and from tho ovldeuco plaood boforo tho Commission it is ovidont that they ; will oost an onormons amount of monoy to clear them and render tho land avaiiahlo for agricultural pnrposos. Farther. immediAtoly the scrub Is cloared, malaria arlsos, sorlonsly dotrimontal to tho hoalth of Enropcans and destcnotivo to human lifo, as lias already boon proved In tbo constmotioD of n lino or railway from Mourilyan plantation to Mourilyan Har bour. It is tbo opinion of all who nave had exporiouoo of tbo distriots north of Towns vlUo that tbo donso scrubs of tlio Johnstouo, and tho Barron, and tho Tolly, and tho litis- soli oannot bo alearod by European labour. At prosont agricultural labour by Europeans on thoir own freehold land In tho districts now under consideration is evaded as much as possiblo. Thus in tho distriub of Cairns tho wholo of tho agrioulturo outside sugar grow ing is oarriorf on by Chinoio. Tliuro are from 1.200 to 1.500 Ohinamou in the Calms dUtrlat. and tho evidence of witnesses, including that of tho Crown Lands lfangor, afilrniB tbo fact that woro it not for the Ohinsmcn tboro would not bo an aoro of land under cultivation in Cairns outsido tho sugar plantations. A con trol rioo mill has been oroctod a short distance from Cairns, and last year tlioro was manu factured in it 700 tons of rico Tho wholo of tho "paddy" was grown by Chinamon, so that tho mill may bo said to ho practically kept in existenoo by Chineso labour, llomo- stead eolootions havo boon taken tip in tho Cairns and othor districts, both under The Oroion Lands Alienation Act of IB70, and The Crown Lands Act of 1881. Tho selootors re- side on thoir selections, but for tho first fito years thoy lease their Und to Chinamon on a clearing loaso. at Is. per aero per snnnm. Thus, while tuo Chinaman is absolutely ful filling tbo oonditlons of selection, tho scteotor is roceiving a profit of fid. por aoro from tho land. At tho ond of tho first fivo years another ogroemcut is mado botweou tho se- loator and tho Chlnnman, and tho oultivntod land is then lot at tho rate of £1 an aoro por annum. In ono caso a homestead sclootor .holding 100 aoros had 130 acres oloarod in this mannor, and ho has now for hiusoif eight aoros, with a gurdou planted by Chineso, whllo 122 aores are lot to Cliiueso at £ I per aoro por annum, and thin is apparently tho gonoral mode in which agrioulturo is carriod on in in a largo portion of tho Northern coast dis triots. At Horborten, whoro tho climato is xnaoh oolder, and where productions of a mora tomporato tono can bo grown, European labour finds a fitting ontiot, but without question in tho coastaistriotsnorth of Towns villo thnro is, in a groat many instances, a disposition on tho part of Europeans to havo ' whatovor to do with agriculture, .until tho land has bcou oloarod and made .ready for cultivation, Consoquontly, if tlio , question " Is Queensland ablo to do without tho augar industry, oicopt on thn basis of a .white population F ' is auuworod In the afflr- mativo, thou undoubtedly a very largo portion of tho aoast districts of tho North will not bo cultivated, at all ovonts for a long time to come, and from £1.000,000 to £5,000,000 of capital wbioh has boon vested in the sugar in dustry will bo wiped out of oxistonco, and tho wholo of tho population now dopondont upon tho sugar industry for a livelihood will, for a timo, and until now industries ariso, bo thrown out of omploymont, Can Queensland at tbo prosont timo afford to do this? rnorosED reou'rooitt treaty with AUSTRALIAN COLONIES. 11\. Tbo Boeond romedy suggested for tho ro vlval of tho sugar industry is that of a reci procity treaty with tlio Australasian colonies, which, it Is affirmed by tbo planters, would be tho means of adding vulno to their sugar of from £2 to £3 por ton at least. This quos tion is also ono of publiu polioy, and it is sur rounded with a great many difficulties. Tho rights of thousands of persons ongngod in agrioulturo, outsido tho sugar industry, havo fairly to bo considered whon dealing with reciprocity treaties, llowovor advantageous a rouiprooitv treaty may bo to tho plnuters, it would only bo of spocla! boneflt to themselves, m far as Queensland products aro concerned, but it might prove ruinous to all tho othor ogriculturiito in all parts of tho colony. Tho basis of tho snggostod reciprocity treaty was not stated ; thora was morely an oxprcsnlon of opinion glvon tliat a reciprocity treaty would opon a bettor market for the competition of its rivals from othor countries. Assuming that tho suggested reciprocity treaty would moan tho admission of agricultural produuo grown in tho othor colontos free into all tho ports of this colony, in uonsidoratiou of tlio the admission that it would mean tlio atriUiug oi a most Bovcro blow at tuo othor agri cultural intorosts of tbo colony, without any corresponding advantage whatever being conforrod upon thom. In fact, it would moan olaas legislation of a most objectionable form, and it would bo totally inconsistent with tho fiscal polioy of tbo oolony as defined in The Customs Duties Act .of 1888. IRRIGATION EXTEUTSIENT8 0N THE DURDEEIN DELTA, AT KALAMIA, AND BEAFORTH. ' 12\. Tho third Buggestod romody of irriga tion works, whorovor prftcticablo, I ontiroly concur with. At tho liurdokin Delta the Messrs Dryadalo Brothers aro carrying out irrigation on a vory extondud scalo. Tlio Messrs. Young, of Kalamia, and Mr. Mac kenzie, of fieaforth. have also established irrigation works, and thoir valuo was mado apparent to tho Commission. I uUo had the opportunity of seoiug irrigation on a small scale carriod out by a soloctor named Payurd, who,wit)iaplantthatcont£25()awasablutoirri- gato twonty-tbreo acres of cultivated land aud raiso good crops, and to flood a largo portion of thirty uoroH of gru/tB land, and obtain grass food for his dairy cattlo, while tho neigh- Louring soloctor around 1dm, who had no moans for irrigation, had no crops, and lout nearly all their cattlo. 1 boliovo that irriga tion applied to tho sugar plantations, whoro- over praotieablo, will go a long way indeed to assist in relieving tho Industry of its present doprcsslon, Innaaraoji as. where a plentiful bfipply of water cap bo obtained, a yropof Fe# bs fci'tort'i tethd ! seasons. This was made most dlonrly domon- etrablo at tho Fionoor plantation of tho Merer. Drjsdaln on tho Burdckin Delta. It will bo observed from tho ovldmoo that tlio gonoral consonsns of opinion In strongly in favonr of irrigation in sugar-growing districts, and that there was a dlno«itiou on the part of both plantors and small farinorfl to pay any reasonable rato which uiny bo impoRcd to covor tbo interest on tho outlay noccssary for an irrigation sohomo and tho coRt of iU main- tonanco. Many of tho farmorn oxprosRod tbempolven willing to pay as much as £2 por aero por annum for tho supply of water for irrigation purposes. TUOrOSEI) INTRODUCTION OF POLYNESIAN LAUOUUU1W UY GOVERNMENT. 13\. Tho fou.-th and final snggostod romody is that tho Govornmont should toko tho intro duction of Polynesians into thoir own hands, oatauhf-h debits at tho various South no a, Islands, to bo managed by Government agents, and that oil tho arrival of tho Inlandors in Queensland they should bo convoyed to immi gration barracks, and thoro bo opon to en gagement in tho same way as ordinary whtlo immigrants j tho plantors to bo responsible for the wholo cost of tho sohetpo. Tho remarks mado with respect to tho first suggested remedy apply with greater force to tho fore going. The question of coloured labour, so far as legislation is conoorned, may bo said to be practically closed. Tho people havo already pronouncod an authoritative opinion i upon it. and tiio principal nnblio mon of tho colony have, whonovor opportunity has oc curred, mora or less emphatically dcolarod that thoy nro not disposed to ro-opon tho irab- joot. Tho aoooptonco of tho suggestion in its ontiroty would mean tho oomplcto ro-oponing of tho colourod labour question, booauso ail legislation affecting it sow would have to bo ropcnlod, a now system wonld havo to bo intro duced, a now Aot of regulations would have to bo framed, and radical changes effected, with out any appsront counterbalancing advan tages. Tho fuut that tho cost of tho pro jected scheme would bo borne by thoso who aro ongngod in tho sugar industry duos not ontwoigh tho higher considerations wbioh aro involved as affooting tho community generally. Tlio acooptunoo of tho BUggostion would mean that QueoRBlnnd was proparod to rouogniBo tho introduction of coloured labour oh an ab- Boluto nocossity ; and tho fact that tho Govern ment had acooptod tho ontiro responsibility of introducing oolourod labour would not, in my opinion, lmvo an influonco for good in thn futuro. At prosont tlio systom is surrounded with corlain safeguards, and yet tho ovldenco wbioh has boon adduced shows that in Romo imttaucofl tho introduction of colored labour has proved objoulionablo. At Jtockhampton thora aro, according to tho ovidonco of tho Polynoslan Iuspeator, 200 kanakas in tlio dis trict; ho wan only able to account for 82 of thorn. It in known that thoro in quito a colony of South Son Inlandors in North Itookhampton, somo of whom havo married whito womon, havo drays and carts of thoir own, and aro competing with Europeans in tho cntting and salo of flrowood, and many of thom aro also otnployod in othor ways. At Buudaborg thoro at loast 300 South Sea islanders walking about, ongaging for short poriods, and Aro thns in open competition with Europouns. It isaloar that, even with tho vafoguards already established by tho Legislature, tho South Boa Islandors aro coming into aotivo competition with whito mon, and nro doing work which by no strain ing of words cau bo cailod tropical agrioul turo. From the tono of publio opinion, and from tho facts dotailod in ovidonco, tho fourth romedy Hiiggostod us a moatm for rovivitig tho sugar industry is not ono that I can rocorn- rnond for tho accuptanco of Your ExcoUcuoj'b Advisors. CENTRAL MILLS. H. In inquiring into tlio sugar industry it was imposRiulo to avoid inquiry into the suc cess or olhcrwiro of tho central mill system. In tho session of 1885 Parliamont voted £50,000 for tho oroetion of control sugar mills, and in Dccombor of that year, in order to do- tormina upon tho localities whoro thoso milts should bo oroctod tho thnn Government ap pointed Mr. W. O. Hodgkinson, M.L.A., to visit tho various sugar districts of tho oolony and roport ns to tho most dosirnblo places for tho establishment of such mills. Mr. Ilodg- kinBon furnished a roport in accordance with tho torms of tho letter which tho Chief Secre tary had addressed to Mm, and that roport was prOKcnted to both IIousox of Purliamont in ttio session of 18S0, Acting on that roport, two central mill wore established— ono at North Eton, known as tlio North Eton Control Hngnr Company, Limited i nnd tho othor at tho Racocotirso, known as tho Raceeourso Central Sugar Company, Limltod. Agree ments botweon tho rogistorod shareholders and tho Government woro duly drawn and oxoautod, and a bill of iunmnhranoo was pro- pared by which thoir rospootivo prnportioa wero virtually mortgaged to tho Government as security for advances to be mado for tho orootiou of tho mills. (a.) In tho caso of tho North Eton Com- pauy tho numbor of sharos applied for ropro- Rented £20,375; tho amount notnally oxpemlod on tho mill, when tho balauco wbioh was pond ing at tho timo of our visit to Maokay is paid, will l>o £35,000. Tho mill and buildings havo cost tho amount which has been advanced, aud tho mill in capnblo of turning oat 1500 tons of sugar daring tho crushing soason. Owing, howovor, to tho Rovoro drought of tho past two years tho North Eton Central Mill lias not had anything like a fair trial. Last season only 100 tons of augar wan manufac tured thoro, nnd tho ovidonco of tho dirootors proves that tlio crashing of the last soason was intondod moro as a tost of tho effioionoy of tho maohinary for crushing (vide Mr. Iron- nidos' nnd tho Soorolary'n ovidonco) than for purpoxos of profit. Tho yiold of oano last yoar on tlio smalt farms was vory low indood, in muuy cases not bolng mora than 2 tons to tho aero. It ounnot, tlioroforo, bo said that tho control milt Ryslmn, so fnr as North Eton is conoorned, has had any opportunity of fully demonstrating whether tho system is to bo successful or otherwise. Whon Mr. Hodg kinson visited North Eton a mooting of tho farmers was called to commit with him npon tho quostion of tho dosirnbility of orcoting a control sugar mill in that locality. Various uraall farinora catno forward and affirmed thoir willingness to grow csno oxolueivoiy by Euro pean labour, and to show their bona tides in tho mattor. signod an undertaking to duly oxoouto a bill of oncumbranao nnd mortage thoir doods to ttio Government as aoonrity for tho advnncos ncocHR&ry; for tho erootionof a mill and buildings. At that time tho seaRonB had boon favourablo, nnd tho yield of cano had often avoragod 30 toim to thn aoro. In tho nnasou of 18S5 Mr. Gcorgo Iromddos, ono of tho largost sharoholdors in tho company rocoivod upwards of £700 for tho producoof Jtis crop of 70 acres. Othor Bolootors had boon equally anccossfnl, and thoro appeared at that timo ovory prospoct that miffiofont oano would bo grown by tho surrounding farmers to koop tho null going during tho crashing seawra. iho drought, howovor, has most seriously altered tho completion of affairs ainoo BIr. Hodgkinson u vwit. Moroovor, somo of tho selectors, as wili bo soon from tho ovidonco, havo altcrod thoir opinions, and now affirm that, owing to tho low prico of sugar and tho had soaHoiiB, thoy cannot' undortoko any longer to grow sugar oxoluuivoly by European labour. (5.) Bat tho most eorloan mattor io oonnco- tlon with tho North Eton Central MUl Is tlio following i— It would appear from tho official returns that twonty shareholders signod tho bill of cuoumbranoo in 1880. and andortook to mortgage thoir. deeds to tho Government as security for tho noceRsary advances in oonnoa- tion with tho orootion of a mill nnd buildings. Out of thoso twonty sharoholdors, according to tho ovidonco of tho Roorotnry of the com pany, only four at that tlrno had thoir doods from tho Government. Tho others, It would appoar, woro liomoktoad ond conditional roIoo- tora and wonld rocoivo thoir doods in duo courfio of timo. Tho bill of oucumbronco ap pears to havo boon rogistorod in tho Bupromo Court on the l lth of October, 18?G. Ono of tlio largost sbaroholdora in tho company waa Mr. Joseph Antonoy. This gontloman took up uOOat £12 IO. each representing £(3,250. Ho was not at tho timo a frooholdcr, but ho bo- camp n frooholdor in Soptombor, 1888, and his dcods woro forwardod to him in tho ordinary mannor without tho onoumbranco being on- dursod upon thcin. Shortly afterwards bo do- pomtod thom with ono of tho tmnka atBIaokay ai iiiC an vanco upon thom. OtHor flliaroholdora have also rocoivod thoir docds and, ho far oh can bo cathored from thn ni! duueo without tho oucninbrancocudorsod upon them. Tho soorotary of tho company stated i? ,? of examination that ho wrote to tho llogiHtrar of Titles, who had proviously endorsed tlio bill of oucmnbranco on ono of thofrocholdor's doods, and askod him if It was true that doods bad boon issued to aharo- holdoro of tho North Eton Control Sugar Company. Limitod, from tho Real Proporty Office, without tho onoumbranco bolng on- dorscd on thom ; and tho answer ho roooived from tho Registrar of Titlos was that ho could not give tho Information, and that it would bo too much tronblo to search and Had it out. Tho Roorotary further otated that npon receipt of that Jotter ho wroto to tho Colonial Treasurer, under dato tho 8th of Doccmbor, 1888, asking him to bo good onongh to obtain tho necessary information for him, and up to tho timo of tho witness giving his ovidcnco ho had received no roply. It will bo observed that Mr. Antonoy's lia bility to the company was £G,25Q or ono-fourth of tho total amount which has keen advaucod to tho North Eton Company, nnd for this amount tho Government now hold no security, as tho deed which BIr. Antonoy undertook to mortgage to tho Govornmont for tho security of tho advance has bcou hundod by him to a bank for pocuniary advancos, (r) So far as this company generally is con- ccruod. 1 am bound to ototo tliat thoro appoara npon tho ovidenco a want of bnsinosH capacity in its wanngoraont. No hooks had apparently upon kept tip to tho uominonocmoiit of tlifo jrwr, vrlirn a set of hooks nvrtorc to flare been Tho secretary, whom wo examined, had only oconpicd that position for six months, and ho was unablo to give tho Commission any infor mation as to tlio operations of tho company Erior to his nppointmont. Nor had any alanco-shcot bocn proparod and distributed among tho sharoholdors as provided In tho ArtioFos of Association. Bat fluffioiont ovi donco was givon by tho directors to show that thoro was an ovidont want of care in tho management of tho oomnauy, moro partiou- larly in tho direction or oxpondituro. Tho cost of tho mill in out of all proportion to the amount of cano which was undertaken to bo grown. At tho utmost tho small farmers in tho immodiato noighbourhood of North Eton did not at that timo undortoko to supply cano from moro than 400 ooro3. and in placo of a vory oxponsivo mill which has cost abont £25,000 boing orcctcd. a amallor mill that would havo coat about £5,000— sach as tho ono orootod on Mr. MoCrodio's plantation— wopld havo boon nuito largo enough as a oomtnonco- moot, and tho rosiduo of tho monoy could havo boon vory well Bpont in obtaining and laying down portable tramways so as tohavo brought all tho sharoholdors who havo undcrtokon tho growing of cano into immedtaio communica tion with tlio control mill. 1 cannot but think that hod fiuoh a conrso as this boon adopted, the success of tho North Eton Control Mitl would bo much mora likoly to bo assnrod than it is at tho proseot time. It is olsar from tho testimony of tho witnesses oxaminod that, nndor oxiaLlng clronmetonces, it will be a vory long time, aud a farther expenditure for tram ways will bo noccesary, boforo tho mill can bo mode a SUCCDB9. (J) Tho KacccourflO Control Mill has only just boon completed, and has nover yet boon workod. Its cost in Glasgow was £9,897, and it was purchased from Messrs. Morlcos, Tait, and Watson. Without question it is ono of tho finest mills in tho Northern districts, and comprises nil tho latent improvomonts ; tho vacuom pan is of tho lateBt and nowont design, and was awarded a prlzoat an exhibition hold shortly boforo its purchaBo by tho eompony. Tlio original cost of tho mill is said by thoso who aro conversant with sugar maolunory to bo exceedingly roasonnblo, and tho mill is do- clarod by oxports to b6ono of tho most com- ploto BUgar mills in tho'Maokaydistriot. Tho froioht. nnd tho cost of orootion. togothorwith tho buildings, amounted to a little over £11,000, making tho total outlay £21,000. But, howovor reasonable tho original coat of tho millmay havo bcon, thoro can ho no donbt tliat tho satno remarks whioh aro mado in roforonoo to tho North Eton Mill apply with equal foroo to this mill. It is too largo for thonmoont of sugar cano likoly to bo providod at prOBont by tbo email farmers, and if a mill had boon orootod at a coat of ono-fourth of tho amount, it would havo boon amnio for all pur poses of tho farmers, and thoy also would liavo hnd £15,000 at their disposal to lay down tramways to thoir various cano fields, without winch thoro does not appoar to bo any Immed iate prospect of this mill becoming a success. Tho railway is practically of vory littlo uso to tho email farmers in bringing, cano to tho Uacocourao Mill, as tho land is low— in wot soasohs tho roads aro almost impassable — tramways aro a necessary .auxiliary to tho control mill system, jnat as much as they aro a nccoasary auxiliary on all largo plantations. When tho Raoecourao Contra! Sugar Cora- Eany, Limited, was forrood eovontoon sharc- oldcre signed tho bill of cnonmbranco, ropro- ecnting 525 shares, and tho aggrogato amount of tho capital waB £15,750. Tho total amount advanced to tho company out of tho central mill voto is £12,000. When Mr. Hodgkinson 'attended tho mooting in tho vicinity of tho Haaoooureo, twonty-sovon farmers undertook to grow oano for tho mill exclusively by Enro- Euan labour. Out of that numbor eovontoon ncamo shareholders in tho company, and undertook to mortgage tho docds of thoir land as soourity for tho ndvancoa roauiro for tho comploto orootion of the mill. From tho ovi- donoo of Mr. Fc.irco, tho managor of tho com pany, and from that of two of tbo dirootors, who aro also sharoholdors, it in found that tho aroa of tbo land thrn hold by many of tho farmero, had boon roducod, while in othor cases tho farmers havo admitted that thoy have ohangod thoir opinions, and now doolaro that thoy aro unablo to grow cano without colourod labour. So far as can bo gatbored from thn statomonts of tho chairman and board of dirootors, tho money advancod to tho Raoa- couroo Central Sugar Company appoara to havo boon judiciously oxponaed, ami tho com pany has ono of tlio boat and most comploto sugar mills in tho Northorn portion of tbo colony, but, as boforo stated, its capacity is largoly in oxooss of prosont requirements. (c.) With rospoct to the quostion of tho control mill systom gonornlly, I boliovo from investigation tliat it contains within it tho olamontsof BUoocBB, if properly appliod. That this is bo is very clearly demonstrated in tho oasn of a small company formed at Eagloeby in tho Logan district. Thoro, seven Gorman armors ugroad to form themsalvoe into a co operative company, about sovon or eight years ngo, and thoy obtained from ono of tlio banks an advanco of £4,000, with which thoy crootod a mill quito sufficient for thoir requirements, and which, in onr opinion wonld havo been quite largo enough for oithor of tho contral mill sugar companies in the Maokay district. Thoy bound tharasolvoa to grow cano for their mill on aroas amounting in tho aggro gato to something liko 100 or 140 aoros. Tho cano was Bold to tho mill at 8s. a ton. and with that prico thoy woro per fectly satisfied. Thoy grow tho cano entirely by tuoir own labour with tho assistanoo of mombors of thoir families, and tho result is that thoy havo reduced the dobt. with intorost from £4,000 to £700, and had it not boen for tho Bovaro drought, and tho heavy flood of January, 1837, it is moro than probable that nearly tho wholo of tho £4,000 would havo boon liquidated. But ovon in tho faco of tho disaster of tho flood, and tho oqually ruinous drought, they have un doubtedly provod that the central mill system, whon conducted on woll dofinad principles, can bo mado a success. My opinion is, that this is ono of tho solutions of tuo sugar ques tion. In tho conrso of timo as the largor a tattoos bocomo olear of sornb, and tho is ntumpod and mado ready for tbo plough, tho loming of tho land to small larmors will bo gonerally carriod out, and tbo contral mill system will become one of the elomento in the futuro buocobs of tho sugar in dustry of tho colony. At Fialba, where sugar cano growing can, in my opinion, be made a vory important industry, the Gorman and Danish Termors, who aro thoro in largo num bers, doolaro that if tho Government will oreat a ooutral mill for thom thoy will gladly nndor- tako to grow cane oxoluaivcly by whito labour,' and they aro quite oonfidont that thoy can make it a enccosfl. SUMMARY OF CAUSES OF DEPRESSION IN BUGAR 15\. Summarised tho csusob of tho deproision in tho sugar industry in this colony aro, in my opinions- fa.) Tho unnecessarily largo areas hold by plantors compared with the small area actually cultivated, and tho consequent paymonb of interest on the largo unpro ductive area. (5.) Tho orootion of mills quite dispropor tionate to tho area of cano under culti vation. (c.) Tho sudden and continuous fall in tho prico of sugar arising from tho keen compotition of sngar prodnood from bootroot. (d.) Tho financial ombarraasmont of many of tho planters, owing to thoir working on borrowod capital boarlng a high rato of intorost, wlnoh, with tbo working ox- ponsos, is ontiroly oharge&blo; to tho small aroa of cultivated land. (e.) Tho disastrous drought of tho last two yearn which has Boriously diminished tho production of nugar, tbo oxport for 1818 boing not moro than ono-half what It was in 1887 ; and tho prospoat of an oqually diminished output for tho pro- sout yoar. owing to iho continnod drought, the rain having oomo too lato to insure a full orop tor tho coming soason. (f.) A gonoral want of confidonoo on the part of monotary institutions in tho sngar industry, arising from tho fore going oironmstancos, nnd tho pro bability of tho koon compotition of tho beetroot Bugar continuing for somo timo to como. MEANS FOR KEVIVINO AND MAINTAINING PROS- FERITY OF THE INDUSTRY. 10\. As to tho moans to bo adopted for re viving and maintaining the prosperity of the sngar industry throughout tho colony I find tlio question ono of extreme difficulty. Tho plantors thomBolvos, In tho moro Northern portions of tho colony, ask to bo supplied with cheap and rolioblo labour, and fara reciprocity treaty to bo entered into with the Austra lasian colonics. On both of thoso questions, as 1 havo already pointed out, there Is astrong conflict of opinion. On tho first suggested romedy Pnrliaraenthas pronounced an emphatic opiuion, and has passodi a statute limiting tho timo whon the oheap, reliable labour askodfor is to ceaao and detormino. Tho reciprocity treaty is a question of publio policy which must bo sololy determined by tho Legislature. From tho prcsont dnprossod condition of too sugar industry, in all countries wkoro sugar is manufactured from cano, it is clear that tho depression is not confined to Queensland alono. Tho sugar ploutem in the West Indies bnvo ulrooat boon ruined by the extreme com petition of beetroot sugar, although in thoso islands thoy havo au abundance of coloured labour. Froudo, in hi rocent work on the West Indian Islands, mentions tho caao of a plantation in Jamaica, vnluod by tho owners nt £00,000, but £12,000 could not bo obt&inod; for it. Kvon in countries whoro cboap labour is canity obtainable, such as Java-, Mauritius, and Natal, tho depression oxiats, and is likoly to (inntiuuo ; nor havo any means been sug gested by which in other countries any relief con ho applied. The abolition of tho bonnty eyntem was one measure of relief proposed by tuo Government of Great Britain, nt the ?.rt-rprtl5SM St 2.W?7£| and the terms of tho draft convention agreed to practically abolishes tho bonnty system, and tho convention is to bo ratified by the high contracting p&rttes; on tho 1st of August of this year. It is to oomo into operation ou tho 1st of August, 18JK), and to remain in force for ten years. Groat expectations are formod that tho abolition of tho bounty system will assist tho sngar industry of tbo British oolonies, and it is in this dlrootion, wo think, whero rolief will be partially afforded. I am also of opiuion, after careful and maturo de liberation, that a great deal of the capital whioh is invested in tho sugar Industry, and whiob has como from places outside of Queens land, will necessarily be loat, and all that tho Legislature can do to assist tho planters will not provent it. In my opinion many of tbo Blantotions aro hopelessly enenmbered, and >io same fato wbicn has ovortakon the Ham- lotgh plantation must of nocossity, in the oourso of timo, ovortako others. Howovor much wo may regrot suoh a result, and sympathise with those involved in it, thoro does not appear to bo any alternative. Whon tho plantations nro not workod on borrowod capital, nnd whon thoro are no heavy bnrdons on tho estates in tho form of aooumulatcd in torost, then I think tboro may bo an oppor tunity of making tho sngar industrv moro profitablo than it Is at present, bor tho smnllor growors, as I hsvo already intimated, I boliovo tho contral mill system if conducted on woll-defined prinoiplos, will provo on ultimate success. TROPICAL AGRICULTURE. 17\. In tho district altuated botweon Port Douglas and Maokay, inoluding Townsvillo, tho Herbort lliver, tho Johnstouo, and tho HussoH, I directed my attention very largely to tho subject of tropioal agriculture. It te quite apparent that a vory large area of tho coast lands is these distriots is adapted for tho growth of tropioal frnits. Bananas, mangoes, and pineapples grow with tho utmost pro fusion, and if properly oultivalod and somo mora satisfactory means could bo adopted for tbeir shipment to all the Australian capitals, tboro is certainly a groat field for tho opening np of a largo and Important industry. In tho Port Douglas district wo visUod the gardon of Mr. Montgomory, whioh is situated on tho Mowbray ltivor. It may fairly bo taken as a test illustration of wuat can bo dono in tropioal ngriouHuro with soiontiflo knowlodgo ana ouroful culture. Mr. Montgomery's solootion comprises an ares of 1C0 aores. It is nearly all nndor cultivati ra, a vory largo pro portion bearing fruit troes of every de scription. Tho mango trees on this solootion woro vorv numerous and woro londed with fruit ; in fact it is no exaggeration to say that toos of mangoes wero lying on tho ground totting for want of a markot. Tho mango is a fruit which ripensqniokiy and requires rapid transit in order that it may roach the market in a saleable condition and yiold profitablo re turn to tho growor. If this desirable result could bo achieved, then undoubtedly hundreds of oasos of mangoes would bo sent to all tho largo centros of population on tho coast. In the district of Port Douglas, limos, oranges, bananas, and mangoes grow laxariautly and tho yield is vory heavy, (but in all cases tho groat difficulty the grower has to oontend with is that of reaching a markot, and this applies not only to markot by way of tho aca, but also to thoso roaohod by means of internal communication. Many of tho farmori rosido in localities whoro tho roads aro in a vory primitivo condition, and whero tho dlffionltio of convoying thoir produce to markot aro almost insurmountable. Whilo in tho Cairns distriat, I was informed by ono soloctor from tho Rnssoll ltivor that ho ovon offered noarly 1,000 bushels of maizo to anyono who would tako it away, but suoh is tho condition of that district, so far as tho roads aro oonceraod, that no ono. would accept tho offer, and ho had to sot firo to tho orop vide quostion 2291). In Port Douglas tho selectors labour nndor similar disadvantages, and tho question arises how thoir position can ho remedied? Tho roads aro nndor tho oaro of divisional board, but tho rovonuo dorlvod from rates is so small that, ovon with tho Govornmont ondowmont, it goes a vory little way indood in pnttiug tho roads in anything liko a satisfactory con dition. Many of the largor stroams aro bridgolcss, and aro likoly to oontinua so antes eorao special provision is made by Parliamont to assist tho boards to bridgo thom. Agricul tural sottloroont cannot bo advanced, nor can the area of land cultivated inercaso, udIosb bottor provision is mado and l&rgor; facilities aro provided for tho transit of prodnco ton profitable markot. So far as wo oould gather from tho -ovidonco of the witnesses, soarooly any of tho farmers or aolcotors in too Port Douglas district woro making anything moro than a bare living. Indeed, ono of tho most ontorprising of their numbor, and ono who has spont yoars improving to demonstration what tlio district is capable of producing, in formed as that ho expected ovory momont to bo turned out of his solootion by thoso who hold bis titlo doods. Tho banana yields a largo orop, and if the fruit oonld bo disposed of to advantage wonld nnqnestionabiy givo a largo profit, bnt wo learnod from tho witnesses ox aminod at Port Douglas and Cairns that the difllonltios of shipmont, and tho mode in whioh the fruit is convoyed to market---unlo8S spoodily alterod— aro likoly to load to a dis continuance of tho growth of the artlolo. I was informed that in Dccombor last, a wook or two boforo Christmas, banana to tho valno of £300 or £400 woro shippod from Port Douglas by tho " Cintra," expressly to moot tho Sydney and Melbourne markets at Christ mas time. Tho 8ydnoy fruit arrived in a tol erably fair condition, hut that consigned to Molbourno was perfectly rotton on arrival, and tho consignees refused to accopt it ; tho result was a dead loss to tho shippors. Com plaints wore also mado by Mr. Montgomory and others in tho Port Donglae distriot of tbo loss o( frnit by pilfering on tho voyago. Mr. Daniol Hart stated In his evldonoo that oat of fortv CO809 of orangoe ho sont to Brisb&no; twelve cases woro completely oropty whon thoy wero rocoivod by tho oonsignoo. Nor in this ovidonco at all oxcoptionali tho bulk of tho tontfmony givon by tho principal growers of tho North was ono continual story of losses by bod troatmoot on board tho vessels, and ot losses by pilfering, and to sooh an oxtent has it boon carriod on that many of tho growors have discontinued shipping, and allow thoir frnit to rot in tho gardens. Tho result baa boon that the progrossof tbo fruitgrowing industry in tho North has boon groatly re tarded and tho employment of labour seriously intoroforod with ; ond it has also tended to oreato a fooling of dissatisfaction in tho minds of thoso already settled on tho lands of tbo North, and a boliof that it is nodosa for thom to romain thoro, bnt that thoy had bottor go to other places whoro a markot is moro oasy of aooosB, and whore thoir prodaotions whon grown will roooivo hotter trcatmont at tho hands of shippers and others. An explana tion in aonneotion with tho shipping of fruit to tho soatbern colonics was obtoinod from tho managor of tho A.U.S.N. Company, who was oxaminod, and whom I folt it my duty to mako aoqaainted with the sorions natnro of the allegations which had boon mado by Nortborn frnit growors. That gontloman ad mitted that many of tho oompiaint wero not groundless, bnt stated that ovorything .the company oonld do to mitigate the evil had boon tried, and ho was In oxpeototion that othor remedies wonld yot bo appUod with too view of patting a stop to the stealing of frnit on ths up and down trips of coastal stoamors, but unfortunately ho did sot deal with tho greater question of tbo mora rapid transit of fruit to tho large oontros of popula tion. fiji banana trade. 18\. Banana growing is an important in- dnstry of Fiji, and rogularly stoaraoro arrivo at the ports of Sydnoy and Molbonrno with cargoes of from 15.000 to 25.000 bunoho. and thoso como into active compotition with tho Queensland grown bananas. It is of impor- tanoo to tho Queensland grower, if his in dustry is to bo at all a succosaful one, that hi fruit should arrivo in tho Bydnoy and Mol bourno mnrkots In an oqually sonnd condi tion as tho bananas Imported from Fiji. Bnt horain Hob tho difftenlty : tho distonco of Fiji from Sydnoy is 2,000 mites ; thoro is only ono port of coll in tho whole distonco, and the fruit on tho stoamors is in no way intorforod with from tho timo of its being placed on board tho steamer until it is tended at tho port of Bydnoy, and tho voyago onlyoconpioaaovon days. Thodistanco from Port Douglas to Molbourno is a littlo ovor 1.800 mites, and owing to the numerous ports oi call, and tho dotey of two days in Brisbano and two days in Bydnoy, vory often with fivo or six days trans- shlnmonts, tho voyago oconplos fourteen days and tho Queensland bananas arrive at tho market in tho condition above doscribcd. Thus it will bo soon what onormons shipping advantages tho Fiji grower has ovor tbo rower in Queensland, aud how necessary it (that somo very deoisivo action should ho taken if tho banana Industry of tho North is to be at all fostered and oncourngod; and wo havo no hesitation in saying that, outsido of sugar growing, it is ono of tho groatest In- dnatrics of tho Northorn dintrlots, and is oap- ablo of unlimited expansion provided that proper moans aro employed to convoy tho frnit to markot. Tho banana is capablo of boing mado op in dilToront wayn, On tbo Daintroo lilvor tboio i» a banana drying ontabluhmont, which m p rodncingan excellent artlclo 0f trade that oommnnd. a ready ealo in tho mnrkot. At tho llamblcdon plantation tho Messrs. Swallow havo orootod a largo Irult drying es tablishment capnblo of preserving 5000 ban- anas a day, und thoy aro nlsoaboutto preserve this fruit in syrup as well an in boxes m a dry Btato, not unillco that of tlio Turkish fig, so that with tho various methods in which tho banana cau bo convortod into articles of com- raeroo thoro is an unlimited field for Its cul ture, aud with proper facilities for convoying It to market it con bo mode ono of tho most nsoful and profitablo indastrlos that Quoons- land possesses. It isalso to boromorkod that limos and lemons and oranges grow luxur iantly. Tho limes, which In tbo West Jndtes form a P'oaS Important article t)f trade, pro ooanso there in so markot for thom, and tho romo may bo said of tho lomon and the orango Ono or two witnossos fitotod that thoy had tried to opon np a trado with tho disponors of fruit in tho oity of Brisbano, and a fow oon- nignmont wore mado to thom, bnt tho result was not at alt satisfactory, and tho export- irtont i not likoly to bo ropoatodundorprosout condition. Thoy fool the need of a oontrnl depot in Ilrisbano, to whioh thoir fruit conld bo sont and disnosod of at times whon tho markot iB ready tor it, and not be nlaood in an auotion room immediately af tor boing rocoivod and sold at any prloo, no matter what tho con- soquonoon may bo to tho grower. Tho ovi donco on this point is vorv strong indeed, and dosorvos tho ntiaoet oonsidoration. Tho aroa of land fit for tho cultivation ot tropical fruits in tho ooast distriots north of Maokay is prac tically unlimited, and thoro is room for tho settlement of a largo industrial population to bo engaged in tho fruit industry, if only propor faoilitios oon bo providod for oonvoying tho frnit to markot. it is oloar, howovor, that unloss sorao assistance 1 givon to tho termors and soloctors in tho Northern distriots who aro engagod in tropioal ngrlcaHuro in tho form of bottor road and bridges ovor crooks and rivers, and faoilitios for shipping thoir fruit quiokly and speedily to tho various oon tros of population, vorv little progress will bo mado in the North in tbo direction of tropioal industries. Tho prosont solootor nro tho pio neers of civilisation in thoso districts ; tnoy aro opening np lands whioh have bocn praott- cally closed to tho whito population ; they nro onduring all tho trials, uiflloultios, and priv ations wnicharoinoldontolto oarly sottlomont. and on thoso grounds I rospootfully submit that they aro ontitlod to thn moat tevorablo oonsidoration of Your Exoollenoy' Advisors and tho Logislaturo. At tho same timo I qnito admit that nolthor tho Govornmont nor tho Parliamont can do ovorything. Thoo who roooivo large sums of monoy from tho North orn districts In tho shapoof freight on prodnco have a fair and jnst olaira on thom to oonsidor thoir constituents. Tho Northorn trado of tho oolony is virtually in tho hands of ono oom- pony, prosnmodly influential and woalthy, and if they dosiro to foster tho trado ot tho North, and onoourago tbo sottlomont of popu lation thoro, and Indnoo sottlomont on tho pnbno lands so a to inoroaso thoir commer cial ontorpriso, thon thoy aro bound to oon sidor what aro tho bast moans thoy can adopt to assist thoso who nro already thoro and who aro opening up tho resonroos of a hitherto comparatively nnknown country. WXST INDIAN TRADE IN TROPICAL FRUIT- METHOD OF snil'MENT. In tho West Indian Islands whoro tho de pression in tho sugar industry is largoly folt, attention has boon direoted to the onltivation of tropical frnits, and to tho onormons mar kot whioh Now York prosontod for thoir con sumption. ThooHmatonf tho Wcflt Indios is idontical with that of Northorn Qaoonsland, and tho satno frnits which - aro grown in tho !Vost Indios aro grown in tho Northorn ooast distriots of Qnoonsland. Tbo shipping com- panion trading botwoon tho Wost Indion and Now York havo givon evory faollity possible for tho conveyance of tropical frnits from tho Wost Indian Islands. Thoy havo proparod many of thoir stoamors especially for tho oar- riago of frnit, tbo bananas Instead of being torod in holds or paokod on tho dook olgbt or ton foot high, as wo saw thom in somo of tbo stoamors in the North of this oolony, render ing thon in a vory short timo totally unfit for markot. aro plaood in raokB, so that not ono bunoli presses on another, nnd fall ventilation isaffordod. Tho oases nro also arranged in suoh a way that pillago is impossible, and tho safoty of tho cargo is thoroughly insured. Tho result is that a trado has boon opened np botweon too Wast Indian Islands nnd Now York, whioh is now assuming largo propor tions, and is (likoly to load to tho most bono- fioialroaolts as far as tho population of tho Wost Indian Islands is concerned. It i my opinion that if tho frnit industry of tho North is to bo established on a permanent basis, and a largo population Is to bo encouraged to Hottlo on it rieh const lands, tho following improvements will havo to bo offootod t— (a.) Tho establishment of ono or moro quiolc-going stoamors spooially fitted for tho enrriago or fruit, opou and in coses, to call at tho various port north of Maokay, and thon prooood diroot to Mol bonrno and Sydney, carrying fruit, passongoro. and mails. As already pointed ont tho voyago from Fiji to Sydney oooapios seven days, and tlio fruit from the Fiji Islands is thus tended iu a profitable market in a sound marketablo condition. At prosont tho fruit from tho North of Queensland has to undergo a journoy of fourtoon days, and in itB thon froquontly rotton and unwholesome condition has to compote with tho sound saloablo fruit of tho Fijian Islands. By lessoning tho timo for tho stcamors to travol botwoon tho tropical fruit growing distriots in tho North, and tho largo oontros of oonenmption in tho South, tho fruit will arrivo in an excellent oondition, and will thus bo in a position to oompote with tho tropioal fruits from Fiji. Stoamora specially told off for tbo convoyanco of tropioal frnit would, I boliovo, bo largoly supported by tho Northorn pooplo, and tbo knowledge teat suoh a vast improvement in th<f oonvoyanoo of fruit would tnko plaoo would givo a great stimulus to tlio industry, would not only onoourago thono who havo already invested thoir capital in tho ontor priso, bnt would also load to largor aroas of land being plaood nndor fruit, and tens add materially to tho resource oi tho Northern distriots. For a timo I believe it would pay tho oolony— ovon If tho trado itself did not provo payable — to subsidise ono or mora stoamors until tho frnit industry of tho North is Bufii oiontly dovclopod to aroato a romuaoratlvo sea trado. (&.) Assistanoo to bo rondorod to tho pooror divisions of tbo North, whoso rovonues are noooHsarily small and wno aro unablo, owing to tho largo aroa of thoir roads and tho naturo of tho oountry— froquontly low-lying, nnd in tbo wot soason, in many oasos. covoroil with water— to form roads sufficiently pass able to admit of tho convoyanco of tho produoo of the farms to tho seaport towns. And also Uboral assistanoo towards tho orootion of bridges ovor many of tho rivers and orooke whioh now rondor sottloment on the publio laud in many place almost impossiblo. Tho oondition of the roads and streams surround- iog soleotions is a sorions drawhaok to tho prosperity of thoso who havo already taken up agricultural lauds. Tho evidence of the solootors on tho MoBsman and Mowbray lilvors at Port Douglas, on the Bussoll ana Mulgravo Itivors at Cairns, and on tho Her bert River, oloarly proves that unless assist ance of some kind in tho dirootion indicated is givon, further sottlomont in thoso distriots will practically coaso. At prosont tho oost of oonvoying produoo to tho port of deportation 1 a serious ohargo upon the termors aud fruit-growers, and ra many instances tho frnit, is allowed to rot on tho ground rather than oxtra oxponso should bo incurred in sending It to markot, and the namo remarks will apply to agrionltnral prodnoo. It ooata farmers on tbo Herbert River £2 5s. a ton to sond thoir produoo to Townsvilo. white the froight for a similar dintonoo by railway would not amonnt to moro than 5s. Gd. a ton. Tho Northern termors aro thus most seriously handicapnad in tho mattor of froight, aud considoring that tho whole of thom have to oompoto against Imported produoo from tho Southorn oolonies, whioh is carriod by soa at a vory low rato, tho diffionlties of thoir position oan do well under stood ; in fact, it is oloar from tho ovidonab, and a oloso personal inspoation of tho distriots named, that unless moans aro adapted to losson the oost of carriage of both fruit and agricultural produce to market, the progress of agrtoutturo and fruit-growing in thoso dis tricts will bovorysoriously rotardod, and may probably coaso altogether. experimental farms. 10\. A vory large proportion of tha Northorn distriots is of rooent sottlomont, and too termors who havo selected land or havo pur chased aonsidorablo areas, as many of thorn have dono, have sot a practical knowlodgc of what tho land i capablo of growing. Tho frnit grown in tho North is distraot oltogethor from that grown in the tomporato xonos, whoro most of tho farmers havo proviously residod, and consequently thoro is a groat look of information as to what tho tropical regions aro oapablo of producing. From tho ovldenco of Mr. Daniol Hurt and Mr. Mont gomory, and other praotical termors liko thom, it is ovidont that coffoo can bo profitably grown in tho North ; but thoro Is a want of knowlodgo as to tho proper method of grow ing It, and also of manufacturing it into coffoo whon it is grown. Tho litno, tho orango, tho lomon, and tho oltron can also bo grown thoro with the utmost profusion, bnt praotical in formation is roqiiircd as to tho best varieties to bo grown, tho diseaso to which theso fruit troos aro liablo. and tho romodlos to bo appliod to ward off tho attacks of thoir onomios. I am, tlioroforo, of opinion that two or moro oxporimontal farms should bo established in tho Northorn districts, in charge of thoroughly praotical mon, woll yorsod in tropioal ngrioulturo, and ablo to impart valu able theoretical and praotical information to tho termors and soloctors as to what articles of oommoroial value can bo grown most pro fitably. It wan impossible to visit tho various farms In tho different district of the North without being straok in many instances with tho primitive mode of onltivation adopted with regard to tropical fruit-growing — a fair indication that there was wanting that prao tical and scientific information by which alone bucooss can bo attained in any kind of agricul. taro. I beliovo that tho establishment of two or moro oxporimontal terms In tho Northern distriots would bo of incalculable valuo to thoso who havo mado thoso distriots thoir homos, and who aro desirous of bocoming permanent colonists. Thoro Is, without quos tion, an unlimited field for iho growth of tropical fruits ; tho soil la rioh, and tho area of land adaptod for the onltivation of fruit trocs is practically unlimited, and, with tho adoption of tho moans wo havo already sug. gflsted, wo boltevQ thoro le a great futuro for (t? m trcpfori fefifrirwirtajf !1 concerned. Almost without exception, tho wholo of tho witnesses— and somo of thom wero vory praotical, hard-hosdod mon, aoous- tomod to agriouUuro from thoir youth— ad mitted the absolute noccisity for experimental farms in tho various localities in ardor that tho best information obtainable should bo affordod thom as to what oan bo grown most profitably. In tho West Indian Islands— moro particularly in Jamaica— tho Govorn mont havo established what arc known thoro as "llotanicol Stations," and thoy have provod of great valuo to tho tropioal fruit growers of thoso islands in oducating thom as to tho boat frnits to be grown, thoir mode of onltoro, thoir treatment, and how boat to dis- pose of them when thoy arrivo at maturity. It is our opinion that similar "Botanical Stations," plaood in charge of of thoroughly tiraotloal mon who havo a woll-groondod know- odgo of tbo onltivation of tropical fruite, would bo of immense valuo to tho termors In tho Nortiinrn district, aud materially assist them in carrying out thoir indnttry. AREA OF LAND SELECTED IN THE NORTH AND UNOCCUI'lEO. 20\. I oannot doso this Roport without draw- tho attention of tho Government and tho Legislature to tho onormons area of unoooupiod lands In tho Northorn distriots, which, from tho ovidonco of many witnossos. is a serious drawback to tho progress of sattloment and to tho farther solcotion of land. In -the Port Douglns distriot thoro aro 50,381 acres of land soteotou. but thoro aro only 3000 acres unuor outtivation. On tho Daintroo River, for 23 milos on oithor sido, tho land has all boon ioloatod, bat it remains unoooupiod, nnd thoro aro only four resident homestead eotootors in tho whole of that distauco. In tho Cairns distriot thoro nro 80.000 aoros nolootod, and tho total aroa of land under onltivation does not amount to mora than 5500 acres, and it is ostlmatod that thoro aro not moro than 3000 aoro in tho wholo district ontside of sngar undor onltivation. In tho Ingham district, whioh inoludos tho Horbort River, there are 202,181 aoro selected, of which aroa 6933 aoros aro nndor cans, and only 400 aoros undor onltivation other than by cano. It is estima ted that in thin district tboro aro at loast 120,000 aoros mado froohold, and those free- holds aro praatic&Hy; unoooupiod. In tho Townsvillo distriot, whioh inoludos tho Bordo- kin Delta, thoro aro 272.004 acres soleotod ; the aroa of land nndor cultivation by sngar is 22 10 acres ; undor oultivation othorwiso than by sugar, -150 aoros. In tho Maokay distriot thoro aro 420.520 aoros selected, of which 24,302 aoros are nndor cultivation, 17,422 boing undor nugar cano, aud tho balanoo undor cultivation othor than by oauo. It Is estimated that in tho Maokay district tboro are 140,000 aoros mado froohold, and not now ocoupied, Most of thoso lands have boon soleotcd on the various stroams of tho North ern districts. On tho Horbort Rivor it is estimated that from Ingham to a distanoo of thirty milos wost of tho town, tho wholo of tho land has boen solooted on oithor sido of tho rivor. On tho Mossman, tho Mowbray, RusboII, tho Mnlgrave, and tbo Tally too samo thing has oconrred, and it was the opinion of witnesses that tho taking up of theso largo areas with water frontagos bad rondered a large oxtent of bask oountry com paratively useless, and rotarded settlement ra tho North vory materially. I admit that this quostion is ontside tbo commission, but tho facts ndduood in evidence woro so striking that I could not refrain from specially allud ing to thom in this Roport. 1 havo tho honor to bo, Your ExcoUenoy's obodiont Sorvant, W. H. GROOM. Chairman of tho Sugar Industry Commission. Parliamentary Buildings, llth April, 1889. 