PARTICULARS OF THE DISASTER. By Wiue.— Frosi Our Correspondent. ALBANY, Sunday. By the arrival of tlio Peninsular and Oriental Company's K.M.9. Cartilage at Albany, tlie fol lowing interesting narrative hits beoii received of tho circumstances under which the rcscito of the largo party of cniigrahts on board tlie Dan- mark was effected' hy the ship Missouri IjUNDO.N, 2bTH APRIL, Groat excitement was caused hy tlie rumored loss of tho Copenhagen steamer Denmark while on a voyago to Now York. Tito Inman steamer City of Chester, which arrived at Quccnstown last Friday week from Now York, reported hav ing passed on tho 18bh iust. , in latitude 49.35 ; longitude 37.16, a large derelict steamer with a cream colored funnel, aiid a black band at tlio top. Her stern was awasli with water, and she seemed to be settling down. Tlie vessel appeared to iiave suffered severely in a hurri cane. Thore was no appearance of the crew in tlio vicinity. Tho steamer was believed to be tbC'Daninark of Copenhagen, which sailed from Swincrnundo on tho 19bh of March, niul cleared at Christiania on tlie 25ril of the satho month, bound for New York. Tlie muster of tlio City of Chester was of opinion that the crew ami passengers had been rescued, as tho Vessel appeared to have no bouts, and tlie cubic chain was hanging over tlie bow, which looked as if sho had been in tow. Tho Dan- mark had on board 368 passengers from Copen hagen, 131 from Christiauin, 79 from Christian- sand, 75 from Malmse, 14 from Gothenburg. Of these 26 were cabin passengers, inoluding five children ; the romaindor wore steerage passen gers. The crew numbered 54 hands. No further news was rccoivcd of tlio fato of tlio vossel, or those who had been on her, for Sevoral days, until Monday last, when tho fol lowing telegram was published : — Un April the ia.u tlio Portuguese mail boat Acoi- arrived live days from tlie Azores with 42 of the crow of the Danish steamer Danmark, in charge of Mr. Peter Babsen, third mate. The latter reports that on the 4th April, when about 800 miles from Newfound land, tiie Danmark broke her shaft. On the following day sho fell in witli tho British steamer Missouri, of London, hound for Phila delphia, which took iter in tow till the morning of the 6th, when the Danmark appeared to be oil tlio point of sinking. Tho captnin of tho disabled vessel thereupon requested that the Danmark's passengers might be taken on board the Missouri, lint tlie latter only had accommo dation for 20. Part of his cargo was, iiowcver, thrown overboard, and by this means room was made for all. 'i'he Missouri then proceeded to tho Azores, nnd, after landing somo of tlio otticei's and 320 passengers of tlio ill-fated vessel, continued lior voyago to Philadelphia with 340 of the Denmark's passengers, and somo of the crew to nssist in navigating tlio vesffcl. All tho passciigcrs were saved, and only one man lost his life. This was tho ohief engineer, wlio was found dead in the engine room at the time of the accident. A message dated Philadelphia, on the 22ud .April, says : — vL'hc steamer Missouri, witli 365 passengers from tiie Danmark, arrived at the Delaware in-eiikkwater, all well, at 1 o'clock this morning. 9he transferred part of tlio passengers at tlie brealwator to tho steamer British King, which arrived in Philadelphia this afternoon. Tho Missouri landed tho Danmark's passengers at Philadelphia this ovoning, and also tho surgeon, Mr. Jcspcrrsou, tlie purser, with six of tho Dan mark's crew. Messrs. Peter "Wright anil Sons, ogerzts of the Atlantic Transport line, to which the Missouri belongs, bud mado complete arrangements for tlicir comfort. Boun tiful meals were spread on tables pluced on tlie p|i|)j mill Iilvj Vrul l> llltvf wllrlUS IvL iV.tlllUIL iVuoU by the Pennyslvnnin railroad. An inspection of tho Missouri shows that Captain Miu- rill and his crew gave up overy tiring to make tiie Danmark's people comfortable, ami assigned cabins to tiie women. Tlie enrgo jettisoned in order to make room between decks consisted of rags and wool, 66 bales in all, valued at £500. Captain Slur- rill is praised throughout the country for Iris good service. . Another telegram from Philadelphia, dated 23rd April, says Captain Murrill Is tlio object of great attention, crowds assembling in tho streets and cheering trim. At the Maritime lix- eiiange to-day Captain Murrill wns presented with a gold medal hy tho Pemiyslvauia Humane Society. Ho was subsequently conducted to the office of tlie mayor, wlio welcomed him in the name of the oity. livery where the conduct of the oaptiriu is loudly praised. The following is an extract from n letter re ceived by Messrs. "Williams, Torrcy nnd Field, agents of the Atlantic Transport line, from the captain of the Missouri : — 20th April, 1889. Olf St. Michael's, Azores. Dear Sirs, — I beg to inform you of our ar rival down here, and doubtless you would have lieen much astonished at it, but not more vexed than I am. On 5tli of April, at 1.20 p.m., we sighted a steamer flying distress signals. Bore down to lior and found sho was the Danish steamer Danmark, of Copenhagen, bound from Copenhagen to New York. She hail her shaft broken. Sho had on board 665 passengers anil 69 crew. Tiie captain asked mo to take them. I told him I would tow tlio vessel, but could not tako passongors, to which they assented, nnil although it wns blowing hard, with heavy sea, succeeded in getting tow ropo on board and turn tlio vessel round to westward, holding ' on all night to lior, arid inakhis about ono nnd a half knots against a strong head wind and sea. Several times I thought I should havo to slip her, but managed to hold on. Tlio strain started our forward butts, windlass and forecastle dcclc. At day light I decided to square away for tho Azores, so signalled to the Danmark, and tlio captain agreed. Isquiirod away at 7.20 a.m., wind arid sea moderating, when lie signalled tlmt tho vessel was making water — 3 feet in tlio after hold. At 9.20 he signalled that tlio leak was gaini.ug, and that ho must abandon tlie ship, so I had to out tlio tow rope and go down to her. Tlio chief ofiioer came on board and told mo tlie water had gained 6 incites in nil hour, hud tliat tlio weather being finer tlio captain had decided to abandon her, and wished to know if 1 would tako them. Of course I- could do bothing else, so I lowerod my boats down, and with his seven bents the work commenced. Such a sight I shall never forget — to see poor souls coming up, women and children. At IX o'clock tho first boat load came. All thewoman rind children crime first, in perfeot order, and afterwards tho men; until wo succeeded in rescuing ' tlio whole 735 souls without n single accident, although there was a heavy swell ivhich . madcitdangcrous for boats to comealongside. We i also managed to got somo flour and biscuits, and ; meat and ten. The weather eamo on dirty, tlie glass falling, and the atmosphere being thick \witli rain. All -hands were on heard at 4.30 , n,.in. The oaptaiu was tho last man to leave the xitinmark. I went over tho provisions in my vxsss-oli and forfnd X had about throe and a half daYir' food. I decided to dome to these islands, WlLkifr I have done, and hope to land them to- lrioiixiw-- Tho first night I hod to throw over- bonrd\ a quantity of rags tliat lay in tho nlley- Wriys - V>nd the weather coming on bad, I.lind to make' sttme room, for tho unfortunate people. 9oT dd'eiHod to throw the hales of wool bvorhoard from Noj 1 hatoh, to make enough room to put soU>e of them down there. This wob done, and wo stowed nearly 300 men down there — legs and wings. Wo then brought up all our rails, awnings and tarpaulins, which were spread around for them. , Covered up tlio hatches on tho cattlo deck, but the water con tinued tq smother everything, although overy one on board did their best. I never saW such a Sight as daylight showed bit. At rioqii I had to heave to for six hom-3 until tho wind moderated; since then we had liad lino weather. We have been feeding 53 passengers in tho cabin and 19 iii tiie mess room. There were 28 cabin passen gers, tlio rest immigrants. I wish to put before yori tho capital manner in which rill tny crow worked. Officers, chief engineer and mate— in fact it would not bo fair to pick out ono or tho other, because I really novor saw a moro willing and hard working lot of officers in my life. If you got this before my nrrival . at I'lriladolphia, please cnblo Messrs. l'oter "Wright and Sons thatl havo these people, and ask them to make arrangements with the Pennsylvania railroad agent to forward them On to New .York. I trust everything X havo dono in this dreadful time will meet with yonr appro bation. I arrived at 9.30 a.m., and they had the last meal at 8.30 a.m. The latitude and longitude of the abandonment was 46.6 north 39 west, and tho time, 6th April, 4.30 p.m. — Yours respectfully, (Signed) H. MURRELi,. Tho Atlantic Tansport Lino, owners of tho Missouri, havo notified to tho cargo consignees that they are released from all contributions arising from tlio throwirig overboard of part of the cargo to make room for tlie Dariniark pas- sengers. Tboy have nlso notified Captnin Mnrrell of thoir approval of liis conduct. 