lrn PARLIAMENT. ?"?''_ "? ?. TmntsDAT, JUNE 6. "> - ' LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. f .The SPEAKER (Hon. A. Norton) took the chair at 3.30 o'clock, and road prayers. PETITION. . . Mr. SMITH presented a petition from land- owners and selectors in the district botwoen Bowen and Mackay, prayingfor the extension of the railway from Mackay. The petition was lead and received. SCHOOLS OP ARTS. Messrs. ALLAN and CASEY presented petitions from tlie Schools of Arts at Allora and Charleville respectively, similar to the ono recently presented hy Mr. Jessop. The petitions wero received. RAILWAY MATTERS. i Mr. NELSON, in reply to Mr. Allan, said that a detailed estimate bad boen prepared, based Upon the permanent survey of the proposed line from Munbilla to Llaudauk, aud woula bo ready iu a week.. He could not say at present when it was intended to bring this section before Par- liament. It was not intended to expend the vote placed upon the . Loan Estimates for the'Ipswich-Warwick line upon any othor service than that for which it was voted. The survey of the Ipswich- Warwiok line would probably be resumed in three or four months. In reply to Mr. Adams, Mr. Nelson- said that tho mount of the unexpended voto authorised in 1884 for a railway from Bundaberg towards Gladstone was £122,119 18s. 5d. THE TOTALISATOR. Leave having boen granted, Mr. TTNMACK brought in a hill to restrict tho use of tho totali sator to racecourses. The bill was road a iirst time and tho second reading fixed for Thursday, 27th June. JAVANESE LABOURERS. Mr. ISAMBERT moved,-"That an address lie presented to the Govornor, praying that his Excellency would be pleased to cause to bo laid on the table of this House all papers,corrospou dence, OT communications with the Dutch Go- vernment of Java, or British Consul at Batavia or elsewhere, or with tbe British Government, rela- tive to the introduction of Javanese or coloured labourers from Java into Queensland." The motion was agreed to. ANN-STREET PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH. Mr. R, R. JONES moved for leave to intro- duce a bill to vest in new trustees the lands com- prised in deeds of grant Nos. 2317, 2818, and 2849, being allotments 8, 9,10, and 11 of soction 26, parish of North Brisbane, aud to enablo tho trustees for the time being thereof to sell, mort- gage, or lease the same, and for other purposes. The motion was agreed to¡ and the bill was in- troduced and road a first time. Mr. Joues gave notice of his intention on 12th Juno to move that the bill be referred for consideration to a Select Committee. THE CHOWN LANDS ACTS. Mr. BLACK ino vod,-" That the House will, at its next sitting, resolve itself into a Committee of the Wholo to consider the desirableness of in- troducing a bill to further amend the Crown Lands Acts, 1884 to 1886, and for other pur- poses." The motion was agreed to. WEST IPSWICH RAILWAY LEVEL GROSSING ACCIDENT. Mr. BARLOW moved,-" That the House will, cn Thursday, 13th instant, resolve itself into a Committeo of the Whole to consider the following resolutions:-(1) That the report of the Select Committeo appointed to consider the petitions of Miss Margaret Henry and Mr. Donald M'Neill and laid upon the table of the House on 6th June, 1889, be now adopted. (2) That an address be presented to the Govornor, praying that his Excellency will be ploasod to cause to bo placed on the Supplementary Estimates for the year 1S89 the sum of £200 as compensation to Miss .Mar- garet Henry, and the sum of £160 as compensa- tion to Mr. Donald M'Neill, for losses, iujuiies and damage respectively sustained by them at the West Ipswich Railway lovel crossing." The .motion was agreed to. NEW BILLS. In committeo Mr. MOREHEAD introduced ¿ills to provide for the Payment ot Memheis and the better Regulation of tho civil service. Both bills wero read a first time. Tho second leading of the former was fixed for Tuesday nest, and of the latter for Wednesday next. Further Goveru taent business was postponed until Tuesday next. THE SUGAR INDUSTRY. Mr. COWLEY moved,-"That m the opinion of this House it is desirable, early next session, to adopt some means for encouraging the sugar in- dustry." In doing so ho sincerely trusted that bygones would be bygones, that no personal matter would bo brought into tho discussion, that the question would be discussed entiiely upon its merits, and that speakers would keep within the four comers of the report of the Royal Commission, which placod tho Houso in a bettor position than ever before to arrive at a conclusion upon this very important quostion. He then re- ferred to the Acts passed from 1862 to 1885 deal- ing with the introduction of cheap coloured and European labour, as pioving that tho Govern- ments who brought these measures forward were desirous of establishing on a permauent basis a large tropical agricultural industry. The at- tempt to import cheap European labour had resulted in failure, as thoio were no men to be obtained, and up to the piesent time the Central sugar-mills lind not boon a suc- cess; and it was estimated that it would take at least three or four yoara more to prove whether sugar oould be properly grown by white labour. With these facts before them those interested in the sugar industry might fairly come before Par- liament and ask that some means should be adopted to encourage it. For tho purpose of showing the great impoilance of the sugar in- dustry ho quoted statistics from the report of Mr. Groom, the chairman of the commission, which stated that of the total area of land under cultiva- tion in the colony at the end of 1887-205,737 acres-61,816, or one-fourth of the whole, were /under sugar cultivation, that the capital invosted was about £5,000,000, that the machinery em- ployed represented £1,000,000, that tho annual expenditure was scarcely less than £700,000, that the sugar exported in 1887 was 17,000 tons, which, at £20 per ton, represented a value-of £340,000, and that the number of Europeans employed in connection with the industry wasbetween2000 and 3000 ; 2567 was, he found, the actual number. The chairman of the commission went ou to state that the number of porsoiiB more or less di- rectly interested in the industry was 10,000, that the .wages paid to kanakas amounted to £50,000, but ho (Mr. Cowley) thought about £60,000 per annum, while tho sum paid to Europeans amounted to £100,000. lue lattor amount 'ehould have been £171,210, which weio the correct figures. The chairman further stated in his report that in tho. districts north of Townsville the farmers' produce was almost entirely consumed on the plantations, that the shipping trade of tho colony was also Eoriously interested in tho matter, and that it was evident altogether that the prosperity of a very largo por- tion of the colony depended almost exclusively upon the prosperity or otherwise of the sugar industry. Every ono who knew the chairman of the commission was well aware that he threw his whole heart and soul into all things which he undertook, and that he would not over-state the case in one single particular. Inordor to show the further benefits the colony dorived fiom the industry, he (the speaker) would quote the evidence given by Mr. Michael Duffy, a retired merchant, .who had carriod on business in Bundaberg for ten years. That gentleman found that, during 'the year ended 30th April, 1879, the total imports and exports for that port amounted to 6314 tons ; while for the year ended 30th April, 1888, they amounted to 38,162 tom, exclusive of the imports of coal, which amounted now to about 14,000 tons per annum. This increase was due to the sugar industry, as was also tho great increase which had taken place in population and in the value of 'town and country property in the locality. The town and district had a population at the last .census of 10,600, of which 2000 wero Polynesians; and, if the sugar industry failed, tho result would tie that tho town would collapse, as it had nothing elso to support it. To further illustrate the im- portance of the industry and the number of persons who depended upon it, ho (Mr. Cowley) would quote from the ovidenoe of Mr. Hugh M'Oreedy, of the Palmyraplan tatton. That gentle man Btatëd that the best proportion of European labourers to knnrckns was one to five. He, how- ever, had one to four, and it should not bo for- gotten, be went on to say, that besides those actually on the estate he gave employment to many others. The white population of the dis- trict, which in 1883-4 was 7400, increajed or decreased according to the prosperity or other ' wise of the sugar industry. Mr. W. T. White, of the ' Herbert Hiver, also gave important evidence as to the value of the industry. The same tale was, in fact,'told from the northom end of the country right down to Maryborough-that £5,000,000 was Bunk in the industry ; that it had not only estab- lished largo towns, but maintained them in a »tate of prosperity, and that it was dcsirablo that there should be legislation to encourago and per- petuate it. Noir, £700,000, it was stated, was the expenditure in connection with the iudustryinl888, but that was a very bad year, and therefore he thought it would not be an overestimate to say that £1,000,000 per annum was about the correct figure in good seasons. £60,000 of that went to the kanakas-that is, it was paid to them iu wages. But they did not keep that money in their pockets. Everyone who* knew anything about the matter was well aware that the kanaka did not toko any money home with him-it was pi no use to him in his own country, and, there fore, he invariably spent it iu purchasing various articles before leaving the colony. The kanakas, therefore, were only, a> medium by whioh this £60,000 per " annum went to the , ^torekeepers and , others. Tho Europeans " recoivod £174,000," and this sum gavo employment to 2500 men, each of whom received ou an averogo £70 per annum indepen- dently of board and rations. This was a very large sum for meu of tho class employed, and far " more than was intendod to be paid to tho popula- tion brought in under tho Immigration Amend- ment Act. Thero must be at least 4000 parsons deriving their living wholly and entirely from the wages paid to these 2500 men. He quoted the ovidenco of Mr. Angus Gibson, of Bundaberg, to show that at Bingera plantation alono thore wore 89 males employed, upou whom 55 fomalos were dependeut. Upou looking at it from this point of view they must admit the nocossity of support- ing an industry of this description. To give an idea of the wages paid direotly to men employed in this industry, lie would quote the evidence of Mr. John Cran, of tho Millaquin refinery, Bunda- berg, who stated that from £150,000 to £160,000 was invested in the rethiery, and tho year bofore last tho oxpensos of working woro £60,000, whilo this your they were from £10,000 to £45,000. About 170 Europeans and 32 Poly- nesians woro employed in working tho refinery. Tho wagra paid to kanakas woro 10s. a weok aud rations, ana amounted in tho total to £483/ The total amount of wages paid last year was£10,5S4, and the year before between £14,000 and £16,000. He further quoted tho evidence of Mr. It. Cran, of the Yengarie Rofinory, to show that oqually large amounts were paid there to Europeans, and a correspondingly small number of kanakas woro employed ; and the ovidenco of Mr. E. Vf. Knox, of the Colonial Sugar Eolining Company, who said that the total amount of wages paid was Europeans, £44,522; Chiueso, £4977; kanakas, £24,844; Cingalese, £1276 ; and Javanese, £7927. Besides this direct payment iu wages, £460,000 was paid on the plantations in connection with sugar. Erom the MiUamiin Rafiaery alone there was twenty miles of piping laid down to convey the sugar to the mill. This mill also usod £9000 worth of coal this year and £14,000 the year before. This coal came from Howard to Maryborough by rail, and thonco to Bunda- berg by steamer, aud 5000 tons of limestone was also usod by this mill in making lime. Thus it would be seen that the minors, shippers, and teamsters derived great benefits from the mouey spent by the planters. The Yengarie and Colonial Sugar rofiuories wore instances also in which equal benefits resulted. Ho also quoted the evi- dence to show that the sugar industry was the mainstay of Bundaberg, and from the evidence of a saw-miller there it was shown that the timber industry depended to a very largo extout upou sugar. Mr. IMunro, agent for the A.U.S.N. aud B.I.S.N. Companies, said in his evidonco that the sugat industry was ft very large factor m their trade, and that thoy would be considerable sufferers if it was to cease. The olïect of it stopping would be to considerably reduce the numbor of vessels employed upou tho coast, and materially advance the upward rate of freights. In reality the sugar was tho backbone of theil' trade in Queensland. In the season 1SS7-8 tho total quantity of sugar shipped from all Queensland ports by this company wus 45,470 tons, but that season there had ouly been 22,789 tons carried. Roughly speaking, the freight was 20s. a ton. It oould easily be under- stood that the large amount of money thus coming into tho hands of tho shipping firms must filter through to all the men omployed by them. Mr. Brown, of tho firm of Aplin, Brown, aud Co., gavo ovidenco of a similar nature. Thoy could thus seo that tho cessation of the sugar industry would materially rcduco the earnings of the largo coasting vessels ami reduce thoir numbers, and consequently incroase freights. The farmers and loimfldc settlers upon tho laud woro a class that the sugar industry had done moro for than any othor industry in this colony. (Hoar, hear.) It was uot only that the land had beou taken up by wealthy men, who had spent large sums upon it, but the farmors had settled wherover the sugar plantations wero worked. They worked on the plantations duriug the busy seasons, and farmed their own laud during tho intervals. Those woro the mon above all olhors that tho glanters were desirous of cucouragiug, and thoy ad dono all in thoir . power to increase their numbers, and give thom facilities for earning a living upon the land. He believed every planter in the country, without exception, would be only too happv to ship homo to his native island every coloured labourer ho had, aud accept the services of the settlers if it could be done. (Hear, hear.) This was tlio desire of ovory planter, but, unfor- tunately for thom and for the country, thoy had been unable to put their desires into effect, and so had to continue operations with tho only labour available. They would soo byroferriiig to tho ovidenco that settlors in tho sugar-growing dis- tricts admitted that they were dopendont entirely upou the planters, who purchased their produce. The ramifications of the sugar industry wero so great that every mau, woman, and child iu the colony was more or less benefited by its opera- tions. If the industry ceased much of tho land undor cultivation would require to be abandoned, and it would revert to jungle, depopulating large arcas, and depriving thousands of men with j their wives and ' families of their prosont moans of subsistence. Thon, if no sugar woro grown for export, very little would be put under cultivation for local consumption, and tho prico of tho article would havo to ho considerably incroasod. Although,the quest ou was one on which thoro would iu nil probability ho disagree- ment, ho did not think there would bo auv dif forouco of opinion among members of the House as to the desirableness of continuing the industry. (Hear, hoar.) It would, therefore, not bo out of place to look at tho remedios suggested in the report. In considering these remedies, the opinions of those employed in connection with the industry, und who had a thorough knowledge of the subject, and also of the people who, living in thoso districts where sugar was grown, had been ablo to form a fair and correct idea as to the best means of maintaining and carrying on the industry, should boar much weight. The chief suggestions wore the extension of tho Pacific Labourers Act, irrigation, and a reciprocal treaty with the Southern colonies. In two instances tho giving of a bonus by the Government was proposed, but, as a Free-trader, ho would never advocate the adoption of the last named suggestion. The planters would much rather have free-trade remedies-that their labour and supplies should bo freo-than that they should he hampered by anything in the shape of a tariff. It was the unanimous opinion of tho settlors, from Port Douglas to Maryborough, that if the sugar industry -were to bo retained it was absolutely necessary that the planters should havo some kind of reliable labour, and that tho best sort of labour which could be got was that of tho kanaka. Labouring men of white colour, as was proved by the evi- dence, could not bo induced to do all tho work required on a plantation, and preferred to "hump their drums" rather than do the labour which was performed by tho kanakas. Mr. Thomas Pearce, chairman of tho Racecourse Contrai Sugar Company, Mackay, who, with Sir S. Vf. Griffith, initiated the schome of central milla, for tho purpose of making experiments to prove that sugar could bo grown and manu- factured by white labour, wus now of opinion that by that means sugar growing could only be carried on to a limited oxtout in that district, and that white men were not reliable, being apt, when they woro most in- quired, to take offence, demand their money, and go away. [Mr. GRIMES : " Givo us tho answer to quoslion 5927."] In reply to that question by Mr. King, the samo witness stated that he had employed white men in weeding and planting, but not in trashing, and that they would contract with him all the year rouud, He (Mr. Cowloy) placed great reliance upon Mr. Poarce's evidence because that gentloman liad bceii antagonistic to black labour until ho hod had a little practical experience as to the matter. And Mr. Pearco was not alono in his views ; every person conuocted with the Racecourso Central Mill was uuanimous in tho opinion that to make sugar pay it was cssontial that thora should bo a certain amount of coloured labour. Mr, R. R. Smellie, of tho Mourilyan Sugar Company, gave ovideuce as to it being thoir intention to work their plantation by white labour, but after various experiments thoy were forced to give up the attempt. Ou ouo occasion thoy brought thirty moa out from England under a two years' engagement aud at wages of £;i0 the first twelve mouths and £10 the second. Tho men liad only beou a short timo at work when thoy began to create many difficulties and gavo general dissatis- faction, and all but ouo wero released from thoir engagements at their own request. White men already in tho colony could not bo got to engage inauy field work except driviuR horses. Mr. Smellie continued as follows :-"The uow chums had not been hero long before the white men in the district 'commouced to toll them they had como 'out here to take tho bread out of their mouths and that thoy had boen im- posed upon. This made thom discon- tented and a discontented man is a-worthless mau. . . . '. . The Chairman-Then they were discontented, not bocauso thoy could not do the work, but because they were not getting suf- ficient wages? (Sir S. W. Grifiith and Mr. Hodgkinson "Hoar hear."] That was it. They would not work for less than the ruling wages of tho colony. (Applause.) And thero is no sugar plantation that can pay tho ruling wages of the colony, and grow sugar at a profit. I have no' doubt myself that sugar can bo grown by white labour-(renewed applause)'-up to a certain .es- tent. 'But that is not the question tobe solved. Tbo question to bo solved is whotlior it can he prown at a profit. If it canubt he grown pro- fitably, and to comppto with tho woild, it must coaso to exist." The House could soo that the planters did not ' wish to concoal any 'thing-thev all gave their ovidonoa froely, fairly, and frankly. Many of the plantors boliovod white mon could do tho work, but they would not. [Mr. HODGKINSON-: "Thoy wili if they 'aro paid."] Mr. E. W. Knox, general munagor of the Colonial Sugar Refining Company, stated that thoy owned three plantations in Queensland, and if the importation of kanakas ceased in 1890 they would at once make preparations for closing two of them. Thoy would arrange to work the third as long as labour was obtainable, but would* have necessarily to close it unless soiuo doscnpíiou of coloured labour could bo procured. The wholo report was full of evidence of a liko character, all pointing to the fact that, whatovor might be done in tho future, it was impossible at present to cany on the sugar industry with whito labour alono. The central mills had boou erected at Maokay, and tho plantera there who first thought it was possiblo to get on without coloured labour found now that thoy were mistaken. [Sir S. W. GRIFFITH : "The system has not heon tried." | The Contrai Mills had been triod and turned our a failure The chairman in pago 48 of the report stated that in the coast districts north of .Towus . ville there waa ¡na groat mauy iustaucosa disposi- tion on the part of EurojÄius to b|vo notbiug to do with agriculture until the land has boou cleared and mado îeady for cultivation. Conse- quently, he continued, if the question " Is Queensland ablo to do without tho sugar industry except on tho basis of a white population " was aiiBWored in the offirmativo, thou undoubtedly a vory large por tiou of the coast districts of tho Noith will not bo cultivated at all eveuls for a long timo to come, aud from £4,000,000 to £6,000,000 of capital which has boen vested in the sugar iudustry would bo wiped out of existence, nnd tho whole of the population now dependent upou the sugar iu- dustry for a livelihood would for a time and until now industries arose be thrown out of_ employ- ment. Could Queensland, continued the chair- man, at the present time afford to do this ? [Mr. HODGKINSON: "Read his opiuion on tho federation of the colonies."] That opinion on the foderation of the colonies was simply from a political point of view, hut the other was from tho practical point of view. Members when discussing this quostion ought not togo outside tho evidonce tnkon hythe commission. [Mr. SAYERS : "The evidence is tho evidence ot only one class of people."] That was not so.' Thoy should speak upon the mnttor by the light thrown upon it hy the commission, and not givo a ro-hash of old spoeohes from " Hansard." Now having shown the advantages which accrued to the colony from the sugar' industry, ho would address himself to the objections which had beeu raised against coloured labour. It had been Baid that the planters made largo fortunos out of black labour, aud spont the money so got out of the country. Tho evidence taken disproved this. The greatest philanthro- pists aird the greatest bonefaotors of the colony had been these people. Tho planters had, up to the present at any rate, derived littlo or no benefit from tho money they spent, although the other members of the white populatioa had dorivod great benefit from it. Another objeotion raiBod was that kanakas entered into competition with white men, and deprived thom of the means of earning money. Tho reverso was exactly tho case, because, as had been prorod over and over agaiu, according ns the kanaka population in any one place increased, so did tho white population increase, and vice versa. That was undoniably the caso at any rato in the coast districts. A Bmall pioportion of kanakas might bo employod othorwise than at ngriculttuo, but the benoRts to bo put down on tho other sido of tho ledger enormously overbalanced this. It could bo seou from the evidence of the Poly- nesian inspectors that they kuow of very few cases in which the kanakas carno into competition with the whites ; but, even supposing there weie a fow, they should take into consideration, on tho other side of the question, the 10,000 men who would be thrown out of employment -if thoro were no plantations. Looking at it in that light, thoy could allow a far greater number to bo em- ployod in competition with tbo whites and still be gaiuora on the whole. (Hear, hear.) Thoso kanakas did not put the country to any expense tho plantera had to boar all the oxpeuse ot intro- ducing them, and had to roturn thom to their islands when their time was up, whilo the country had to bear all the expenso of intioducing white immigrants, or tho great bulk of them. Thero woro no paupers amongat the kanakas, as the plautors who employed them had to look after them, nnd they wera a law-abiding people. Mr. Duffv, of Bundaberg, who had. boon mayor, said before the commission that thoy were tho quiotost race he had over mot in his lifo. He went on to quote fiom tho ovidence of Mr. Caulfield, Polynesian inspector, and Mr. Pugh, polico-magishato for the Bundaberg district, in support of his contoutiou that tho kanakas thoro, in point of moral behaviour and other respects, compared favourably with whito mon employed iu labouring pursuits. It appealed to him that, after carefully analysing tho ovidence, the only valid reason which the opponents of kanaka labour could give for tho non-employ- ment of tho islanders wai that thuy wore black in colour. Supposing tho kauokas woro removed aud the sugar iudustry was banished, what would bo the gain to tho people of the colony ? Thoy would still bo cou suinors of sugar grown by blaok labour hi India and other places, at a higher price, thousands of white mon would be thrown out of employment, aud an export trade of £800,000 per year would be lost to tho colouy. The planters, being aware that tho Act relating to tho importation of Pacific Islaudois was to como to au end in 1890, had triod to devise some other means whereby they oould carry on tho cultivation of sugar, but had failed iu that. Tho planters would muoh piofer that the growing of the caue should bo taken up by the farmers, who, however, would not do it, aud ho quoted fiom tho evidence of managers of plautations and othors to show that although the planters had cuiloavoured to loaso thoir lands at prices from 6s. to 20s. per acre, according to tho quality, to pay good pricos for the cane, aud to give evory oucouragomont to formers iu the shape of advancing thom money to enablo them to coinmcnco opeiatious, thoy could not induce them to grow the caue. For that pnrposo, however, land had boen leased in some instances to Chinese Taking'tho wholo of the evidence iuto consideration, ho did not think the House could arrive at any other conclusion thau that for other five or a term of years it was absolutely nocessary the privilege of em- ploying kanaka labour bhonld be extended to the growers of sugar. Tho noxt question of impoitanco was that of irrigation. Thero was a gouornl consensus of opinion among agriculturists in the colony that tho time had now arrived when tho Government should deviso a comprehensivo scheme of irrigntion. It would ho a great assistance to the plantors, who would be ablo to do with a groat deal loss colomed labour than thoy employed at the prosent timo, because if a regular crop of cano, and regular growth from the time it was planted, could bo assured, it would soon spread ovor tho giouud, and do away with much of the woo<liii¡r, The evidence clearly showed that if such a scheme were initiated, the people would bo piopnroil to pay for the bonoftts they would receive, although thoy had not tho money to sturt tho work them- selves. As to the other «suggestion that a reciprocal troaty should be entoi ed iuto with tho Southern colonies, it would groatly benofit the sugar industry in Queensland. At the prosont time tho plantors of thi<" colony woro practically excluded fiom the Southern markets, or had to soil at a great loss. If n. recipiocaltieaty could lie entered into with "Victoria tho result would bo a saving of at loast £4 or £5 por ton to tho sugar manufacturers, and no injuiv would bo ¿onoto any other sugar-producing colony. Ho appoalod for legislation on this importaut question not ou behalf of tho plautors, who, however, would l>o fullv justifiod in asking for it, but on bolialf of the thousands who wore employed in connec- tion with it. [Mr.MOREHEAD: "Hoar,hoar."] Ho trusted that tho members who had been pror viously antagonistic on this question would agaiu consider it calmly and in the light of the evidence which had been given befoiothocomuiibsion. The Leader of the Opposition had stated, as would bo found on referring to vol. 47, pago 1078, of tho Parliamentary Debate*, that in all probability further legislation would take place upon tho Act. The House, it was to be hopod, would now op- press the opinion that it was dcnir&blo; that the period of tho retention of coloured labour should bo extended for five years longer. That was no great request to make, but if it was granted it would enablo tho planters to tido over many of thoir difficulties, If tho request was not gi anted Mime other assistance ought to ho granted in liou thereof. 'Lot the sugar iudustiy only bo given fair play and it had a great future beforo it in this colony. Mr. ADAMS said ho thoucht some gentleman on the Opposition side should rise to reply to'Mr. COWIPY'S observations. [Opposition laughter, mid Sir S.W. GRIFFITH: "Let tho Govern- ment speak."! Ho thought it was for the Oppo cition to speak-it was for tho gontleman who sat on the Opposition benches, aud who wa* a member of the communion, to rcplvtohis brother commis- sioner. [Sir S, W. GBIFFITII : " It is for tho G o vorament to speak ; thoy ore bound oy the most solemn pledgeson the subject."] It waa evident that the other lido of the House did not mean to discuss the' quostiou 0n i?s merits. [Sir S. Vf. GRIFFIT l-l : " Oh, yes, they do."] If they had intended to discuss the question upon its merits somo of them would have risen to reply to Mr. Cowley. The members who thought with bim (Mr. Adams) woro quite williug to submit their case to the country. Mr. HODGKINSON : You aro not gamo, i' ' Mr. ADAMS : Yes I nm, aud game to go to your constituency, or anywhoro olso. , 'Mr. HODGKINSON : If you wont toiny cou stituency yçu would never com© back. Mr. ADAMS said if ho novor carno baokrft would bono great loss, but if Mr. Hodgkinson1 «over cams' back it would bo still loss.' (Laughter.) Tho evidence takeu before*the com- mission showod that it was absolutely ncoessary, $t tho sugar industry was to prosper, that there should bo cheap and reliable labour, and that Polynesian labour , was that i least likely to como in contaot with white labour. Tho Contrai mill system had beou tried, aud had turnod out a failure. The assistance given undor this system simply was a bonus to crush out pit-' vnto individuals. Thero wns abundant testimony that the system could not'bo carried on with white labour.1V Two of tire shareholders of tho Racecourse mill, whioh had boon described as tho ouO' most > likoly to succeed, had stated if thoy had the agreement to sign over again thoy would not sign it, Thero was moro ovidenco of a shuilar.charaoter. Tho whole point in the caso was whether tho om-t libyineut of( Polynesians was injuring white Iaoour, aud ho thought thoropoit,was 'sufiioiont to show that such was not tho caso. How could such au crponditnro as'annuully took placo in tho sugar industry iui ure white labour? The agri- culturists wero "'asking for nothing but what thoy wero outitlod to. It had boon proved most conclusively by previous speakers that this in- dustry had been a great boon te all. classes of tho community, and that the European labouring population would bo soriously injured if tho industry collapsed. Ho belieyod that,if such occurred tho colony would fall back 'into tho primitivo state it was in years ago. He pointed out how tho industry indirectly bonofited all classes of the communityi from tho blacksmith to the shipping firms. In his own district there were hundreds of families living upon what thoy earned from the plantations,; many of whom woro building houses through the , building, societies, and the consequences of a collapse of the industry would be disastrous te them, as they could not find work elsewhere. Ile -would like to know what the ideas of the working population would be supposing the 10,000 men shown by tho roport to bo dépendent upon tho sugar industry wero thrown out of employ- ment.* Tho consequence would bo, ' he thought, that the country would be languishing, and num- bers of people would bo out of employment.. Mr. SALKELT) congratulated Mr. Cowley upou the straightforward and complete manner in whioh ho had put tho case of tho planters bofore tho House. He was surprisofl that Mr. Cowley had not hoon followed by somo_ members of tho Ministry, who would have explained the policy of tho Government " regarding black labour. Ou that question tho Liberal party had doclared tho policy thoy intended to pursue in the future by romoving from the Statute-book all the Aots pertaining to coloured labour, with the excoption of the one at present in existence. The question had been again and again before the country, and at the last election Sir T. Mcilwraith had ' doclared in the most emphatic mannor that ho would be no party to continuing the Act which authorised tho employ mont of kanakas on sugar plantations. [Mr. DONALDSON: "Yes; and his pledge is what we mean te keep."] . That being so, tho Govemtnout, if they did anything to encourage black labour, would bo retaining their position hy political fraud. [Mr. PATTI- SON": "That is all assertion ;" anct Mr. O'SUL- LIVAN; "What has that to do with the present question?"] Tho resolution was a colourlossono, but it was tho thin end of tho wedge. Mr. Cowley had in his spoooh simply provod that the sugar industry was not a paying one, and that porhaps tho host thing that tho Government oould do would be to Btop in and save thoso engaged in it from furthor loss, He wondered if the members of the Qovomment wore really divided on tho question, as thoy were on some others, and for the purpose of allowing thom to mnko up thoir minds, ho would move the adjourn- ment of the dobato. \ On Mr. Morohoad rising, Mr. Salkeld withdrew ' lis motion, Sir S. W. Griflith remarking, »' Wo lave drawn him at last." Mr. MOREHEAD hoped it was satisfactory to ho Loader of the Opposition that he (Mr. More- land) had beon drawn at last, though he oon : essod it was rather humiliating to have to be Irawn by the membor for Passiforn. (Laughter.) .le was poifectly willing, and had all along beon, o address tho House. What, after all, was it hat the Leader of tho Opposition wanted to iscortain from tho Go vornimmt? Ho wanted to ;ot an oxpiession of opinion with regard o tho íosolution movod by Mr. Cowley. le * (Mr. Jtoroboad) thought that the ftouse wanted something moro than hat. With regard to this question, thoro was a lifforenco of opinion. Tho commission appointed o inquhe into the sugar industry consisted of bree pooplo, who differed in thoir opinions in egard to what should ha dona in its iutoiests. ^'he Houso had had au ox||oaition from the stand- point of the membor for Hprbort, who was ouo of tho majority of the commissioners, as to tho way in which ho had arrivod at| his conclusions. Mr. Groom differed from tho other two members of ¿ho commission, and brought up a separate re- port. Ho was perfectly cjiitain that rho House hoped and boh'ovod that R(r. Groom would .'have followed tho mover of tho rnsolution and given lus views on the subjpet. That was what the Government were wiiitihg for. y [Sir S. W. GRIFFITH: «Oh, oh!'}] .The leader of the Opposition criod *'Oh, oji!" but he know that the Government were waiting for Mr. Groom to speak, aud that thoy expected that tho chairman o£ tho commission woijld have auswerod tho artruinonts of Mr. Cowfcy. [Sir S. W. GRIF- FITH: "I did not kuoif'that, but I know that vou know ho was not going to speak."] ' The Loader of tho Opposition would accept his (Mr. Morohead's) denial whon ho said that he did not know! anything of ' the kind. If Mr. Groom was afraid to .meet Mr. Cowley in dobnto on this quostion ho ought to admit it-(cheers)-or [answer tho argumouts brought forward, as tho Houto expected that he would havo done. | Sir ¡j. Vf. GRIFFITH: "Ho should not"] Unless thoy weio to dismiss the roport of tho commission, what were thoy thoro for ? The resolution wis a bald ouo, and had been proposed by Mr. Cowley with tho intoutiou of inaugurating a discussion on the roport of tho Suear Commission. (Choois.) . Ho did not think that even | Mr. Groom would deny that. Tho motion had been on tho notice paper fern wook. und Mr, Groom, as ho dlfi'orod fiom tho views of Mr. Cowley, should have pro pared himsolf to speak against it. Ho did not soo that tho Government weio iu any wnv callod upon to oxpiossany opinion whatovor-["Oh! oh !"] -but thoy would do so-(cheers and laughter) mid ho would say nt onco what they intended to do. Tho Government did not for a moment intend to meet tho difficulty in tho ¡ ?way attempted by tho Leador of the Opposition somo years ago. Thoy- (had uo intoutiou of meeting tho wauts, or tho sup-1 posed wants, of the sugar-planters by introducing cheap European labour. (Olieors.) Nor did theyj intend lo oxtend the prcsout existing provisious of the Polynesian Labour Act. (Cheers.) These wore two doflnito positions taken up by the Govommont, but thoy wore propared to meet the sugar- planters by way of assisting them as re- garded irrigation, or any other system by which such a groat industry could bo protected, con- served, uud not destroyed. (Cheers.) Ho hoped that tho Leader of tho Opposition was satisfied. (Laughter.) Ho (Sir S. W. Giifiith) would not have his cheap Europeans boro, which might be a. disappointment to him, and he would not also havo a continuntiou of tho present system 'of Polynesian labour. (Choirs.) He (Mr. More- head) quite ngreod with what had boen said that the Act could not be continwod for another five years, for nt tho end of that time a further «ten- sion of fivo years might bo asked. Ho did not wish to 9,ee, and ho was suro no member on tho Government sido of tbo House -wished to seo Queensland a blackman'» country. (Laughter.) He ropeatod tliat emphatically, but thov would do all thoy (»Hld, and in that thoy would, ho was certain, havo tho assistance of members on tho other side of the House, to help on an industry, which was not only a great industry at tho present moment, but might undor good guldauco turn out to be one of tbo greatest industries in the colony. (Cheers.) , Sir S. W. GRIFFITH said he had not listened to any Roeoch coming from tho Government sido of the Houso with moro pleosuro than he had to the ono that had been delivered by Mr. Morohead. He admitted that it had como upou him with surprise. He thought ho was not tho only member of the Houso who was sur- prised; but that there wore members sitting on tho Government bonchos, as -well at tho largo audionco who had oome to tho Houso who ex- pected to hear quite anoth»r declaration. (Laughter.) Ho was delighted that there was a real prospect of the danger which had threatened the colony for so long a time coming to an end. It was a real prospect, aad ho would not say any moro than that now.» [Mr. MACROSSAN: " You arc a false prophet," and laughter.] There was great reason to 'apprehend that the Government would have given a diffe- rent answer to the one they had given. He Would bo vory glad to have this question removed from the Held of politics, and not bo troubled with it in tho future as Uley had beon in the post. Ho congratulated Mr. Cowley on his able speech, which bad not, howovor," convinced him. The lion, member's arguments might be briefly surumansod in this way: Mr. Cowley first pointed out,the great importance of the sugar industry, then dealt with the danger it was in, aud suggested certain romedio3. It occurred to him (Sir S. W. Griffith) that the arguments as to the importónos of the industry could have boon delivered in any part of the world, and ia rafe-_ renee to any great industry. Mr.'Cowloy merely told them that there were BO many aores of land under sugar cultivation, giving emplpyment to a, certain number of men, who spent their wages in the colony. 'That provod nothing in par-' tioular, and was no step towards tha solving of the question. The resolution had boon brought forward to enable the mover to express the opinion that coloured labour should' be continued, and that that was the only thing which could save the sugar industry. Ho (Sir S. W. Griffith) considered that it was absurd for Mr. Morehead to say that Mr. Cowley's speech ought i to have boon answered juot by a member of tho Government, but by that member of the commission who differed from the majority. It waa the fuuotion of tho Government to have delivered their, viewB upon the motion. 'The re- port of tho majority of tho members of tho com- mission recommended the retention of coloured labour ou tho plantations for some years longer. If five years' extension was granted,, howover, would the position of the planters be any botter than it was at present ? Polynesian labour could only bo obtained from a few islands and,the continuation of imported labour from tlieso islands could »not make much difference' to tho industry. Did > not everyone know the real reason of the depiession which was affecting the industry in all places except, indeed, the beet sugar producing countries of Europe. The Queensland planters wera emi- nently prosperous in comparison with the nlanters in the Weat Iudies, although in the Weat Indies there wak plenty of cheap labour-tho nogroes could* be Jiiied there for Is, a. day or so, The West Indios wore also nearer to the great markets, hut yet in spite of these advantages the planters there wore almost; ruined, and would ho ruined except thora was a change soon. On the other hand the sugar plantors of Queens- land had been comparatively prosporous. [Mr. COWLEY: "No."] ,If thoy bael suffered to some extoutit was through no deficiency in labour, they had labour enough up to the present, só that could not have been what was crushing them. Up to the present they had had all the labour thoy wanted. [Mr. COWLEY: " No."] Well, if they had not, tharowas nothing in the report to indicate it. Tho planters liad up to the present been going on entirely -wrong linos! Ha trusted the present would bathe last dohato on this subject. [Mr. MACROSSAN . " This ia an aca- demic debate."] Yos, it had becomo au academic debate af tor the declaration of ' the head of the Government. Various billa had boon brought in previously on the matter. In 1885 au Act was passed that in 1890 blaok labour should cease. He (Sir S. W. Griffith) stated at that time that this was giving fair warning to the planters that at the end of that Time they would have to make other ai rangements. What did the planters do thon ? The Government of the day wore anxious-[Mr. BLACK: "To in- troduce cheap German Iahour."] He was saying that the Government of the day wero anxious, not as tho mouthpiece of the planters said to introduce cheap Gorman labour, but-while pro- hibiting the introduction of coloured labour-to Ítive tho planters evoiy facility to get white abour iu England and on the Conti- nent of Europe. [Mr. BLACK : "Yes, as I said, cheap German labour."] Tho planters were moro ooncerned to damage the Government than Borve their own interests, and what did thoy do ? Thero wore many of the planters for whom he entertained the greatest respect, but thero were others far whom he had not the same feelings, and whom he would not regret if thoy left tho colony, because they had never been useful colonists. The Government of whioh he was tho leader at the timo that Act was passed desired to do all the good they consistently could do for the plantéis, hut what did,tho plautors do? He spoke of them at present collectively. Instead of trying to do anything to help the Government . in their endeavours to afford thom i facilities, they sot themselves deliberately to work to spite tho Government, and to ¡ provont any labour boiug obtained from. Europe, They cauBod statements to bo made thioughout various Continental countries that the work on plantations waa not fit for Europeans, that if thoy came"out to Queensland they would be little hotter than slaves, and goueially warned them aeainst accepting engage- ments. -Au HON. MEMBER.: "The planters did nothing of the soit."] "Well tho emissaries of the plantera did. Thoy inserted statements in the German aud Danish newspapers warning 'persons against coming out. [Mr. ADAMS : "Nauio ono single plautor who did."] If the planters did not do this, who did thon P [Mr. BLACK : '» The Government probably." (Laughter.)] That statomont was worthy of tho plautors and thoir mouthpiece, and was on a par with many other assortions whioh had boon made. If the plnutors, instead of devoting threo yoara to cursing him (Sir S. W. Griffith) and his Go- vernment as thoy did-[several bon. members: " Nonsense,"]-had made preparations for the altered condition of things which would arise on the termination of Polynesian labour they would be in a better position noyr than >thoy were at present, and lie moro grateful to their advisers than to the advisers who onoouraged thom to take tho course they did. For three years the planters had dono little elsa than ourse bim and his Go- vernment-he did not moan by that term meta- phorically cursing, for thero was a well-known toast known na " tho Mackay toast"-(laughter) and many of the plantais never took a drink of Whisky or any other stinmlant without wishing him and his colleagues to perdition. (Laughter.) After about three yoais it was suggested that the Noilhompoitionof the colony should bo sepa- rated fiom the Southern in order to get coloured labour. When the petitions on this matters were sent to him the dealt with the coloured labour 'question, but in reply it was said that nothing of the kind was desired, aud that that . matter had beon settlod, The present Vice - president of the Council Baid ho (Sir S. W. Griffith) was acting the pari of perpetual policeman on the matter. JMr, DARLOW: "You nie still on duty."] Even if all the advantages stated by the non. membor for Herbert woro such as had boen put forward, still coloured labour would be unde- sirable.' It was idle to say that it did not com- pete with white labour. Only a short time ago oe had received a letter from a coirespoudont on tbo Burdokin river, statiug that somo hundreds of acres of maize wore cultivated thero entirely by kanaka labour. It had also beon fouud noces s iry to logislato over and over agaiu to prevent this éompetitton. Then again, tha employ moot of kanakas tended to degrade the occupation of labour in connection with working in the Hold-it tended to cause it to be regarded as dishonourable and degrading. That was a vory weighty objoction against the system. According to tho theory of the law all men were equal, but it was impossible to give kanakas any share in the government of the country. The people of the colony could not aflord to admit amongst them the people of on alien race whom thoy could not admit to all their politioal privileges. He would be glad to do anything in reason for the sugar industry as well as auy other industiy, and he admitted that there weie lands on the coast specially ailnpted for the growing of sugar, but up to the pi esent ho could not, see what could bo dono. There was not, he was afraid, much, chnnro of íeciprocity boing estab- lished, and as to irrigation it was said tho cost of the work would oxeeod the value of the land. What should be gunrded against was committing themsolves to some moans of encouraging the in- dustry whioh if they iailod to carry put would dive tho plantora an opportunity of demanding in t lieu thoreof au extension of coloured labour. They should truard themselves against walking into a trap. There wore various ways of getting out of a difficulty. Ho. thereforo, proposed as an nmondmont to insert nftoi the word "means" in tho resolution the words " not mvolving a reopen- ing of the coloured labour question." [Mr. MACROSSAN: "Or of the cheap German labour question."] Sir 8. W. Griffith in-con- clusion stated that any real or feasible proposi- tion for the encouragement of tho industry would have his heartv support. (Cheers.) Mr. ARCHER said ho wa« not ashamed to confess tliat ho was a champion of coloured labour, and would remain so as lou» as he oon l tinuod in that House. On Sir S. W. Griffith's own showing thoro was,no danger of the criony being swamped by Polynesian labour, inasmuch as tho area from which recruits could be drawn wa» small. He regretted that Sir S. W. Griffith had made a charge against the planters of attempting to deter Germans and others from coming to Queensland, and had been unable to specify a single person who had done BO. Tho foot of the matter waa that the German Government would not allow meu to, leave. The gentlemen who had brought tho matter before tbo House 'were anxious to have it discussed in a fair spirit, in the hope that the people who now wero agaiust black labour might Tiave an oppor- tunity of looking afresh at the subject, and find ] ing that a great deal of rubbish bad been talked { about it It was the manner in which the trade had boen carried out that hod made black labour itiuk ia the nostrils of the people, hut since the ¡Government took up the question in 1808 or 1809, whatever had taken place in connection with tho ; traffic, the Government was responsible, for, and 'not the planters. Men had boen appointed as Government agents who Were entirely unfit for the positions they held, and this had lod'to the country looking upon tho trade with feelings of disgust. If the provisions of the present law were faithfuUy earned out. and mon appointed who could pro poily discharge"tho duties of agents, people would begin to soo * that the traffic, instead of being a disgrace to thom, might be carried out honestly and without deceit and be a, groat bonoflt to the colony. _ Referring to Mr. Groom's report, ho said that if airy ouo was au opponent or black labour it was Mr. Groom, yot it appeared from his report that white mon were unable to work upou the agricultural lands north of Townsville. He further quoted from tho evi- dence of a selector upon the Mosman River to show that only kanakas wore ablo to work in tho severe climate north of Towusvillo ia clearing laud for agricultural pin-poses. It would ba an enormous advantage if they could get tho Northam scrubs cloarol and settled, but thoy would 'never be cleared uoloss thoy could got kanaka labour upon thom. If white men under- took the work one-fourth of thom,)would die. As soon as tho sugar plantations wore ruined the settlors in tfyeir neighbourhood' would be con- demned to ' work ' for nothing,' since the planters took tho whole of< thoir produco. The House bad to toko the «hoioe of either lettiug tho.siujar growers employ the labour winch ,tbo Íieoplo of the colony wanted to got rid of-Ohinof o abour-or that labour which'would do tho pooplo no harm, and which could bo got riel of at any timo tho Government pleased. Ii they did BO, then the only ugiioultural pro- duct of Queouskuid which could compote iu tha markets of the world might ha continued for the benefit, not only of the sugar-planter, hut also for that of the small faimers., If they did not, the north of Queens- land would never bo peopled by white mon having their homes there. A vory small portion of Northern Queensland would supply all the fruit required in this, or thej other colonies, and fruit- growing could, thorofore, never .become a groat industry heio. If timo wero not given to the plantéis tho House would ruin a great industry, and prevent small selectors from becoming pros-1 perons and successful sattler.*. On tho motion of Mr. COWLEY,' the debate was adjourned, and made an order of the day for Thursday, 27th instant. ' ADJOURÎÏMENT. , , Mr. MOREHEAD, iu movmg the adjournment. of tho House, stated, in reply te Sir S. W. Griffith, that the House would, whon the business of the session required it, «it on Fridays. \- The House adjourned at 10.35 till Tuesday next at the usual hour. 