THE KRAKATOA ERUPTION. The following article lately appeared in the New York Tribune :—The long- looked-for report of the scientific commission which in vestigated the great volcanic eruption of Krakatoa in 1883 has at last made its ap pearance, and it seems strongly to confirm the theory that the famous "red sunsets" of that time were caused by the canopy of dust and steam thrown up by that tremendous con vulsion of Nature. So great was the explosion of the burning mountain that the noise was heard over one thirteenth of the total surface of the earth. At Batavia, thirty miles away, buildings were wrecked by the concus sion. In Ceylon, 2000 miles away, a sound as of heavy guns was heard. At Rodriguez, nearly 3000 miles away, it was distinctly heard, like the roar of distant artillery. The sea wave caused by the upheaval was perceived as far away as the English Channel, while the great atmospheric wave swept three times from Krakatoa to the antipodes and back again. Fully one and one-eighth cubic miles of rock were hurled into the air, some fragments reach ing a height of thirty-one miles, while an in calculably vast cloud of dust and vapour filled the air at a height of from seventeen to twenty three miles. It is not difficult to believe that enough of this dust and vapour was wafted to this side of the world to produce the beautiful phenomena that were the wonder and delight of every observer of the sunsets. Some of the Argentine papers are jubilant over the report that 10,000 Danish immigrants, all farmers, are to arrive in the republic. Government will settle them on suitable lands in Entre Bios province. Germany does not propose to increase its artillery strength. A neir revolutionary group called the Com mune has been formed in France, and a bom bastic manifesto haa been issued. Princess Adelbert, of Bavaria, was seized with hysterics in the Berlin Opera House the other night. It is believed that she is insane. If the alleged invention by which wood can be made absolutely fireproof by being soaked in liquidised zinc should prove entirely successful, the result would be a revolution in building, both as to material and cost. The necessity of fire limits in towns would then be obviated. The people of France have 1,000,000,000 francs invested in the Panama Canal, and the chances are they never will get back a sou. The Grand Council of France at Saigon, Cochin China, has opened negotiations for a loan of 100,000 francs, which is to be guaran teed by Cochin China. The money is to be used to cover the first expense of the establishment of colonies in Tonquin. A British surveying steamer of 520 tons has been launched ready for duty with engines aboard complete. It was remarked that within a few years the launch of finished ships would be the rule instead of the exception. Micajah Henley, of Richmond, Indiana (U.S., A.), a wood-sawyer, improved a crude roller-skate made by a poor fellow-townsman. He patented it, and after hard coaxing got some moneyed men to build a factory for the manufacture of the skates. In two years he was worth £50,000, and owned a big house. About thirty factories were erected at Rich- mond to supply the demand. To-day all the shops are closed except one, and it is only making a few. In January the crofter population of the Island of Lewes, Scotland, were suffering for lack of food. The potato and other crops were exhausted, and the people were on the brink of starvation. A letter received from the British Political Resident in the Persian Gulf reports that the Persian Government has prohibited, with effect from the 7th of October, the exportation of grain from Bushire. 