SOUTHERN TASMANIAN AGRI- CULTURAL AND PASTORAL SOCIETY. ANNUAL MEETING The fifteenth annual meeting of members of the S,T.A. and P. Society was held in the Mayor's Court-room, Town Hall, last even- ing. His Excellency the Governor, Sir Robert Hamilton, who waa acoompaniod by hi» private «eorotary (Mr. II. W. 11. Robin- son) occupied the chair, and several loading public men «ere present; and amongst the country members of the society present were- Oapt. Copping, Messrs., K. Shoo- bridge, Hy. Lamb, J. W. Palmor, J. S. Peiroo, H. E Headlam, Jos. Barnet, W. Greenlaw, Wm. Burbury, and T. Perkins. Thu Hon. Sechewhv (Mr. U. E Davies) read the advertisement convening the meet- ing, ' also the minute» of the last annual meeting, which ware confirmed. The annual report which appeared ia our issue of Tuesday last wa« then submitted by the non secretary, and taken as read. The 'Hon. W. Crosbt, president of the »ooiety, in moving the adoption of the re- port, «aid he wa» «orry to «ce ao «mall an attendance, owing, no doubt, to the in olemency of the weather, but they mut! bo thankful for the rain which waa ju«t what the farmer« required, and although it wai a matter (or regret that it leaiened the andiene« that night nevertheleu it would be of great advantage to the community > at large. The reason given for diapeniing with the reading of the report was to economise time »nd enable many to take part in the di» outturn which mi',ht follow, aud also enable them to preparo their remarks. In moving the formal adoption of the report, which no doubt tliey had all reid, it wa« pleasing to know that the limitation last year« show to one day had been successful, especially as that «how did not maintain the standard of exceilence of previous year». Possibly the dry »eaton preceding It had something to do with it, and no doubt materially affected the display of cattle and ihcep, which at other ?hows bad been such a marked feature. There was also a great falling off in grain, and other exhibit«. The poor display of dairy cattle, he thought, required more attention than any other, for at each of the New Town »how» it aeemed to be setting werie, and unlets «orne of thelre:trioUoni, which prevented tbo in- troduction of new blood, were.removed ,ia all probability dalry produce and dairy cow« would contiuue te decline, and he need acarcely «ay that much depended upou keep- ing, up a high «tandara in this direc- tion.- The society had moved in the matter, and i deputation therefrom to tho Government on the liueation of the removal of some pt the existing quarantine regula- tion» had been kindly "received, and steps had been taken, which apparently in the very near future would result in the removal of , «orne of tlioce leatnotiono. He hoped that when the -way wa» clear the enterprise of the colouy would lead to the introduction of «oin« of the very finest dairy cattle and »toik which was necea .ary to it«'advancement.' (Cheer»!) Another matter alto connected with the proipeitty' of the colony wa« iU itud «beep, but in »bat alio many Impediment« were placed ia tkeir way by other colonie«, notably the dipping .nd, quarante*«1 regulation». He 'wa* pleated to say the Government bad alio moved in that 'direction, aod although jmt at prêtant the t Victorian Inspeo tor of Stock law difficulties in the 'way of_ the removal of-the netriotsoni 'complained of, be was «ure that no effort« would be related toward« attaining the desired end. The colony wai greatly in- debted to Mr. Tabart for the able manner in which he had brought the matter before, the other colonie», »uti he would doubtleu, telltliem when .lie spoke, that night what difficulties ;wero,iu the «ay, «.ad the best mean« of remoting them The report a'so dealt with ,the falling off iii draught and) light horses, .which proved at ono time a very largo and vuluable_ item of ex port Why wa» it that 1 Biiiunu was in so many ways deterioratiiij, ? He did not wish to offend by such a question, and probably his knowledge of agricultural and pastoral pursuits were very limited, bat there could be no doubt that the aolony failed to keep up its staudard of draught and light horse» He trusted that those batter acquainted with the subject would say whether something could not be dan« to remedy the defect The climate of the colony conduced to tin. biding of good hur.es, and some effort should be made to regain its reputation in that direc tion The animal» that gained the prize» at the last »bow, flit eu by their late Governor, Sir Geo Strahan, wera he was sure not up to the standird exruetoil when the prizes were instituted Last y«ar and the year before the question aros», why oould not- Taimaai» produoe «ufhcient grain for her own requirements * Ho was e,lad to ?ay that the yield had now mere.sed, a» shown by Mr R M Johnston s statistics If last year after a bad season such re »ulta could be obtained ho hoped th.it, with the good harvests expected this yeal, the results would be still greater, and that they might grow all that wus noues sary for their own people and probably export some It was said th.it wheat ex portation was not Burbcieutly rumuuerativ e, but be maintained that; at 4s per b isnol, with the yield of some of our farmer« of "0 bushel» to the acre as comparer! with that of 18 bushels to the acre in di tor colonies, it was not only eniuueiativc but eiicouragiug He trusted that the farmers would yve thut important question the attention it de served There were other tluugs which would help it forward, such a« rail way concessions, and although the Go venaient did not see their way clear to make such reductions at present, he hoped that before long they would folio v m the footsteps of other colonies in that re »peet, audthul make the carrying of »heat to ami table market all the more pructioa ble Railways were not always built for the purposes ol profit, but for the adjutage of the country they tiaveraed, and when in some districts they had f° com) etc vath water carriage, they should mike concessions rather than lose the traffic lhere w ould be another important »u jeet brought before tho meeting- tliomattcrof agriculturalului-atiou in a paper which the Hon N J Brown would read It was a subject which at picseut «as causing much attentiou tlirou^l out the vii rid and Professor Wallace, of Tdmburgh, had been sent to the colonies to repoit on the way in winch the agricultural industry wis conducted m these colonies Uc hoped ti at when the Professor returned he would nuke a report, and thus enable them to remedy any defects he might ha\e noticed, 'lierc ferredt-to the lactiof Sir William Claiko, Bart,, hating brought out Mr. Mcivor, whose introduction bud been of gi cat benefit to Victoria, us ho had doscribed the vuuous soils, tolling thom what oould best be pio duecd thereon, and how such laud should bo manured. There would also be lcssous to be learnt this_ year from the great Wiudsor Park show in England, and iu conclusion ho could only express the hope that the present auspicuous season would continue, uud that thoy would have, in due course, a, most bountiful harvest, (Cheers ) - ' The Hon. P. O. FYSH said ho would make his remarks as brief as possible in order that all the more time might be devoted to the consideration of the Hon. 'N. J. Brown's papei. In look- ing back over the 16 years of. the Society's existence, and the progress of the country during that period he wag disposed to suggest to the association that the time bad arrived for the extension of its sphere of usefulness, and the alteration of its name, for during those year» other pursuits of vital Importance to the colony had sprung up. Dur ingjthe patt IS yew» manufactures had pro- gressed all over the oountry to such an extent a» to lead to tho, question whether the time had not arrived to drop the narnu Southern Tasmanian Pastoral and Agricultural So- ciety, audio make it include such impor- tant pursuits a», mining and manufacturing. 'It could not be said that those industrie; bad notbinc; in commou with each other, for they were "interests which worked together, uuif the progress of one or the other wa» success to the whole. (Cheers.) Bad as the tim»» bad been the statistics showed clearly that the country had made material pro f;reas during the past 1C yeais. The popu ation had increased from 104,000 to 140,000, which Increase wa» due to inoreased im- portance of interest«. The mining interest, which IS years ago'showed an export of only £15,000, per, jannum,, now showed £500,000, and although the farmers.pastoral. and [agricultural had some reason to com- plain, through lack of market« for export, because the priée» of wheat and grain ruling had|beea »olow, it was gratifying to-ktow that they had a berne consumption increas- ing ) ear by year. Those industries, pastera! ,sud|agrIoultur»l, had made great progresa during the post 15 'years, for in that time 700,000 acre» of Und had been «old by the Crown, »orne of ? which must undoubtedly have been placed under cultivation. If they had lost in one direotion they; had gained in another, for if their wheat export had fallen off; |they bad gained in other sourops. Tiplr whole export» 15 year» ago', including wheat, ''wool, hayi timberi ' fruit, ana -Brimerai« amounted to only £700,000annually, where»» taeiatne article« now brought to them £i?8W."000 eaeh-vsatrzAtthe,«am«f"tla»e ViiuUSg'aW^bute^tnrtnil 4taà>»trlM,,h»d been growksj;}* "giving VtnerebV^Jncreaaod. homo nontutnpt^qu of dairy "and agricultural Íiroducc,'«hawing the close relation 'that ex- ited between thoso iuttnttries. It appeared to him that the Society could, bomade much miro important by the' bringing of all those industrie» togother. It had been said that tho exhibits at ' the last show, ware not up, to expectation. .' Well, tho »how as at present constituted, with the exception of the jumping, was not of interest to tho great mass of tho people,'but if included in it» exhibits were manufactured fabrics, the produce ,oi their ,owa. wijollop mills; Gánales, ' soap, < nnil Various" other articles of domestic.use, all uf great'import- ance to tho community, its interest ¡jrould bp materially increased. If manufacture« anti mining could, bo included tho Socioty would bo of much more importunée than before. He noticed that tho Campbell Town people had decided to confine their annual exhibition to a sheep show, and as far as Dovon and Longford woro concerned they could hold their shows as usual, but there should certainly bo at least one great «how per year, which the present railway I facilities rendered easy of accomplishment. I Even their North-West Coast friend« < might join them, and no one who had travelled cnat parc oí ine country couta iieiii noticing tlie propres» that wa» being made in various industrial pursuits, The increase in the cultivation of potatoes had been'very groat, and certainly lormed an important export. | Looking at all those faota he believed i the time had arrived wheo the So- ] cioty should extend - its powers of usefulness. Great maus» 'of the people were unacquainted with the product« of the Uland, because they were not brought pro- minently before them. Their railway an eommodation had in 15 year* increased from 45 mile« to 400, and no doubt to that fact might be attributed much of the success Which had attended Tasmania, and be hoped had also attended those engaged in agricul- tural and pastoral pursuit« Now,' with their easy railway, communication, if they could «end one article to mark'it they could send another ; therefore if th«y were becom- ing more important outiide the are» of agricultural and pastoral interests wa» it not worth their attention "to consider whether those interest« should ''not go outside,1 and eather in those other pursuits, (Hear, hear.) With those observation» he w ould second the adoption, of the_ report. m , / ( i His Excellency the Govkrnoh said : Before .we proceed to" the, di»cu»alon of thi« very intereittng report, the /adoption* of which ha» now been moved and seconded, I desire, with your permission, to direct your attention for a few minutes to the pre- sent position of the agricultural und pas- toral industry,' as disclosed' by official au- tistic», not only in Southern Tastnuuia, which this Society i-pecially represents, but throughout, the colony.;r At the. two Frevious meetings of this Society, which have attended, reference wa« made hy ?sveral «peaker«, in i rather a despair- ing tone, to the fait,¡that we ipi port «o largely cattle "and «beep, ,and .wheat for consumption" In the island,' .nd aoggeitioni were made for( protesting thi» industry'm m to'keep k11 '.»npn »up'pHe» within the four corner« of'the1 island' itteli. ' Mow, it,ia a practice'founded on wisdom that Her Majesty'« reprttenutive should take no, parf in polItioal[diaoUMion», and, from thi» practice ,1 'should be ,tbe hist to depart. ' And though tho, question .of, Free trade'ina, Protection( is one which'in itq, eiaence ii rather ' eoon'omic ,^b»n political, vet from force of ckcumtjanceijit beco'meia hurting political quest,ÍQ»i'aíi.íhe i Australian Colonie«,', and "; for ^Me j ¡reason jewill, make'1 no observations'on ,it whatever. The object of the following remark» will be strictly limited to malysiag your own published autistic» «o a« to «bow yon in, Ii nope, a clear and intelligible way, what, the present output of the agricultural 'and pat> toral iudtiatry of Ttimauia i«, the extent,to which it i» supplemented by imports from Other colonies, and the proportion it bear» to the other productive ministries of the colony Nothing could have formed a bet ter introduction for the few remarks I hate to make than the remark» of my friend Mr. Fysh. Whether the representatives of, this interest combine with chose of others or nut j it is desirable that we should know what the relative proportions of each is in the life of the colony, and it is because I felt that at the prenou» meeting» we were rather talk big in the air that I made up my mind to dd thi», for it aeetned to me that with not exactly knowing how we stand in this re »peet, there was a difficulty in suggesting remedies to meet an evil w hidh we all de plore, but the estent of which rib one seemoU to ¡be able exaotly to measure IHi lorne time» nia that figures can be inafle io prove anything, but I have honestly arrived at my In yow »fat»»»iarr»7rrJV^r%a not adopt Jh* pi»», too often puraued, of arriving at "my conclusion» DM, and making the figure« fit them afterward», and here I muat express my thanks to my friend Mr Johnston our able statistician, for the help he has gtvt n me in this' some what dimcult investigation s If anyone gilles auificiert interest in the figure» I am about to give to desire to ascertain the pre else manner in which they have beeu arrived at II shall be happy to give further informa tion, but it would not be suitable that I ?bould go into auoh details at a meeting liku this 1 may say liowcvcrr that Mr John stou endorses my figures generall) from! a statistical point of view, and this ¿ives me confidence that they ure in the main correct Now I, hare arrived lat the conclusion, and I have purposely ki pt my estimate in flus respect Bomewhat under the mark thut the average cost of the article« of food con suiried in Tasmania consisting of bread, meat, milk, butter and cheese, poultry and eggs, potatoes, vegetables, and fruit amonnts to iixpoo.ee per head per day on the entire population Ibis is the result of very^de i tilled calculations as to rates and quantities', j and investigations into the production of lus mania under all these items of cousump'ionj as shown in the latest published statistical making due allowance for what we import and what we expoit In making it I (lavo further taken luto cuusider&tion; the experience of publia institutions, »na the usual rates of ration allowance« to individual ¡¡employees, bearing lu mind that these go far sometimes also j to support their families. The average extends)over both rich and poor households, the lattor of .which largely predominate, both ,in town | and in country, over young children as well as adult» ¡.over cases wliero, there, is- waste «nd over cases where there is piuoliidg ; and I believe,that it approximates closely to the actual daily average cost of these items of food, erring, if at all on the side of modera- tion. Audi may say that tins, estimate of 6d. per head per day, amouutlñg to' -£9 per head per year, is concurred in asa moderate estimate by somo gentlemen, of gr,e.it ex- perience in the country with h horn I have t discussed the matter. ' 'Sixpence per head per day ob ,140,0p0 /people amounts to £1,277,500 per year ; but, unfortunately, we do not produce all,this in lasuiauia, for we import beef and mutton, fat cattle and sheep, to the value of »bout £70,000 a year, and wheat and flour to the 'value of about £03,000 a year.' .Deducting these sums we get £1,144,000 as 'represent-^ ing the annual consumption of food pro-, duoed in this island. But this is nottlic total of what the agricultural and pastoral indus- try supplies for the use of Tasmania itself. We must add something for the cost of pro-' duolny and feeding horses not employed In 'agriculture, for the value of Hie raw material of the timber employed in the country, for the wool used in home manufacture, for the barley used in bren ing, etc. It is not easy to estimate the amount of these items, but I put them at slightly,I'over' £100,000,' making,a total of £1,250,000 as the value ef the agricultural and pastoral products raised and used in Tasmania. Next we tarn to, our export« of euch; product«, and the figure» for ,1887 »how that we .exported wool, fruit, potatoes, hops, h'orscs'.'antT stud sheep, and other agricultural and' pastoral' produce to the value of over £800,000 ; adding thi« to the value of such produce raised and consumed ia ,Ta»m»uÍA,it»elf, we ' arrive at the «um of £2,050,000 »s the total, output of this industry. The 'whole of 'thi» .mount,,of eoune, doe» not even in>grpi« go into the pocket« of the agriculturist, for it Includes also some coats of distribution, but it all arises from the agricultural'pro. duct« of the soil. 'Now what other industry1 In Tasmania can compare with thi» ? The mining indiutry, < which vi«, the next largest - can easily be measured, as ft}I the minerals we extract from the ground are exported, and their value'»mounts to »bout £555,000. Putting all tbe other productive Industrio of; the country at £200,000 a year, an ample estimate,.we arrive at thi*,. conclusion, that ? the agricultural and pastoral industry is, nearly three time« the,value of all the other'I industries in the island taken together. Nort'i when we consider that this great' in- dustry produces £2,050,000 a year, while, we only'Import from elsewhere £133,000 wortb of such products, tho proportion is comparatively a small one. But it is un- satisfactory that we should import anything that we can ourselves produce in sufficient quantity to meet' our. wants, moreover, ia» our population ii increasing by almost,3j »ter oent. per annum,^the proportion- of im1" port«'of article« of food must iteadily ri«*fl| unleas our home-production''U increased, ,*jui I would, a»k yourte fo"o*Lm« ,$,. little, o' longer as I analy(»«'iotirL'ilmpott».DtJood and compare them with our home produc- tion under tho «»me'head». Taking from the statistic» the number of cattlo and sheep* under one year of'age'tÄ' represent, as it failly docs, the annual accretion of live .took, and making due allowance for wanto before they arrivo at maturity, I citimate, assuming that the 'number of »took in the Island remains the same, that soma 24,000 cattle, and 280,000 sheep are1 »vailable each year for food. Now wo import about 2,000 cattle und 50,000 sheep, that is Of every 111 cattle consumed wo import 1, and of every G ülieop consumed wo import 1\. Not a very startling proportion. But might this not be, rcduoed f Some time ago I made a suggestion which I have frequently discussed since with gentlemen interested in ?lock farming, who all seem to approve it. It is, that fat »took and sheep,' which in the autumn and early winter are a glut in the market, should bo stored in cool chamber» in Hobart, Liuuceiton, and, perhaps, other centres, und iaaucd therefrom when the demand for them arise». In this way the large loa» in weight which occurs in the stock in the winter would, be saved, as also the feed which they consume. If this were practicable I believe we »hould reduoe our import of meat considerably, beside» in- creasing the amount of »tuck'tho land would carry. It may bo that frozen meat might not suit the taste of Tasmanian consumere, and if so the scheme would fail, but thu prejudice which cuatc-d againit Irozen meat at.home is , fast disappearing, and I «hould hope that «o unreasonable a prejudios would h irdly exist here.. Of couno auch a venture a» this requires to beoarefullyoonaidered, but Ithinkitisone worthy of much consideration. Now, as regards wheat, we imported ia 1887 nearly one-fourth of our consumption. O «¡og, however, last year to the greater yield per acre, and I am afraid, notwith »tauding what our preaident has-»aid, that the acreage has not largely increased «ince last year, but ia praotically the «ame, we ouly imported one-fifth, and that meaus that were 50,000 in place of 40,000 acres under wheat in Tasmania we should in fairly good years be able to supply our present popula- tion. Now, at present prices it »'uroly would ba safe, and would pay farmer» to extend their, wheat cultivation to ,thi» moderate extent. I com mend jthuv^tiieir considera- tion. As regards the minor article» of agri- cultural production there is great room for Improvement, The »apply of our town» and cltie» with dairy produce and vegetables Is by no mean» ao good M it onghtito be. Any improvement in thi» retnect-w-atjloVeonaider abfy inorease the producer»' profit; and greatly add to the consumera comfort., Fruit, cultivation I regard a» a brattan of agricul-' ture, for it arise» from the cultivation of thal »oil, and this has, I think, a very hopeful future beforeitiu Tasmania. But thi» i» not the .time or place to refer to it more particularly. Now, I fear I have detained yon too long, but one word in oo»clwu"g£'ji'b*»«31b) the figure» I have laid betöre you dealt with Tasmania a» »he ML»with,')Nr vpraiBat popo? lation, and these fijare« have mainly bêei drawn from a periodjwbç^prjoe» were low and seasons bad. If the' population of the 1«]andlargelyincrea«., a»^er»l|^Witmayv provided they bepí. th^,&ujjij;««*fc iL,*tUl< i believe Tasmania, ,jn hMftte-l»W* <*»..»« j could »upply her people with bread, and probably |With meat also, without going outside her own borders, but certtdalyt aV ought to »upply her present population. From the actual »Uti»tie»i P have qHoíéd7 i 'even if all my deduction» from them should^ . 'not be accepted, thi« at I« lAt'f» certain, that the agricultural and pastoral industry pre- dominate» over/all other«' ia teté country, 'and no effort »hould be spared,to. advance it» interests and to promote it» de- velopment. ' There, .aro jmsny ^direc- tion» in which this' i» pasable, »uch as by extended road communication, railway communication, harbour accommodation, 'conservation of water, etc. -Bat'there'in one other important, direction in.iwhich I hope progress will shortly be made, and that is by the introduction of! technical ,in»Vruc-' tion in agriculture, about which we »hall hear from my friend Mr. Nicholas'Brown; this evening. ,Tho weli-beinj and prosperity of thiagreat industry meaus the well-being and proaperityofper»oniemploy«din«ottiariyothef' ' occupations depending upon it, directly" or ' indirectly, that it is no exaggeration to «ay that this industry is the mainstay and prop, not only of the prosperity, but of the life of the colony. I,, unfortunatoly,/ Gentlemen, .am no practical agriculturist, but clrcum »tance» in my previous-officiai 'carper,'1 bave often required,, that I should carefully analyse figures and statistics, and if the results of my effort« in'tliii direction, which ti have laid before you, now, , «bould.be , to inúke more1 clear the prkcut position of this ,great industry in its financial aspect«,, and, ''.?.r'T",1'"1 tvni Jm fafirt»,no«ini the ¿conomv of (¿be. colony, and toeraphAsiie tho necessity^ ¡tor the introduction of technical education io agriculture, ' I1 »lull .be_ well satisfied, (Applause). ^ ,,/j , , ¡, 'Mr. Tabard, Chief Jnspcatorjof i Sheen, would' like to' malle, s, few remarks 'respecting the alluLio'n'in tho report to a possible modification' of the , quarantine régulations. , "Ho had,, i been obliged to aistiine,.the .attitude adopted, by him /in, i elation, to this matter ia the past, ,and to' oppose'the iiitroduction,o£ «attla from New Zealand because tliatcolony wasnotproteoting herself in that she allowed >the importation of_ .cattle from ' Victoria and .New South Wales without any quarantine regulation«, and as pleuro-pueumonia was rife in those colonies, he had. taken such a course >'a« he' considered i would! prevent' »uy/introduce ,tion of the, Idiseoae, into I the» colony/ and advocated the imposition''of ' »a quaran'-' 'tine period of six months. He had now re cqimnendnd>that the i quarantine-regulations 1 itiouid bo amended, seeing that New Zealand i bad caused a quarantine of 90 days tó-bo en-'1 forced upon iViotori» and New Sou thi Wales;' bia recommendation, being that the""cattlu from New Zealaud|tnight bo admitted after a quarantine of 30 days, provided a quaran- tine ground was established, iii the southern portiou of the island. ,Great difficulty'had been experienced in fixing on a suitable site for | such a grouöd>'i"'butH h» 'i believed' one could j bo obtained on» the' Esplanade around the Cornelian Bay Cemetery.-J The c|Ucbtum.of-.tlie- quarantine indicted on-Tas nunianstud sheep.by.tljOjiiei.glihourrHig colo- nies ivas one which ha'd offered great'difficul- tés. At the conference in New South) Wales in 1870 he had been enabled to effect a slight modification of the regulations iu so far that in New .South. Wales,1! instead of a- quarantine of 16 days and three .dippings, the number of dippings was reduced to ,ono. .' Victoria1 nude a similar enforcement. Iii Queens land it was."21 days and three dippings, aiidi in South Australia one dipping,' but a \¿ suit of the negotiations which hud taken place between the' Government' of the colony and that of South Australia was th.it this latter colony was, prepared to alinit stu I sheep from Tasmania without any dipping ot quaiantine provided the adjoining colonies would also coupur in this hue of action Unfortunately the greatest obstruction seemed to be thrown in tho »ay by Victoria for what reason he was unable to say-certainly it was not for fear af scab - but ho thought a fear of the .competition of this colony« stud sheep^ (Hear hoar ) lu New South Wales they liad a majority of the Pasture Boards in favour of the admission of sheep without any dipping, and Queensland had signified her intention of passing a law which would admit sheep under les« hard ship than at present. He «uggeited the substitution of a Pest Act in place of the Slab Act , un Act that would empower them to dq*li with infection« disease» in nones and cattle, foi at present they bad simply to stand by and »ee the diteite increase, and pouaatedno power to take action to reduce it in any possible way He might mention that he was present at the experiment« s>t Junee in the matter of dealing with anthrax, and bei considered it unfortunate 1tli»t M Pasteur bad declined to permit of the um j of lu« in noculation system lu the colonie« ; He wat confident that if vaccine could be «uccem fully used it would have the effect of aavlng numbers of theep in thi« polony. The New South Wales return of losses al abeepfrom this cause totalled 300,009 annually He had been a member of the Royal Comnaitaion in Sydney Iast_yeai*to consider JbeJpoMlbi, hihties of "exterminating the rabbit peat ¿ifteen hundred «ehernes were «ebmttted, and of these 1,400 were of a mechanical character. After consideration only four were ¡«elected at I» their opinion likely to have an , effect, . «, tintinallogy disease, chicken cholera, bladder fluke, and; rabbit »cab. After) experiment« Hie ¡Commihsion recommended that the only j effectual method of dealing with the peat wa» by the use of wire netting added to the mode at present in use of laying phos phoiised oats He wa« fully satisfied that these means if adopted in this colony, strengthened by a better system of carrying out the law providing for the destiuotion of the pest, m ould enable the pest to be dealt with most satisfactorily <"1 A question!which he considered largely carne within the scope of the duties pf the member! of that society was ¡the depreciation of the, quality, of horses 'and cattle1 In this colony, and he considered that some mean« should be adopted to prevent uieleu (worthless ?tak, ¿reproducing 1'in '.he' Way they1 were I allowed'o .-ti doset"** JP»tenV {B>»r, bear ) He felt certain if a tyMrr Could be adopted'wheMb/^iIre« could be »ubaidiacd-that wa», ia, the ant plaoe, licensed,' and the fee» handed to the Society, and utilised by them iu~incre*»infl tho valúo Of the kWard» ¿ffuíocl^Uíát ^uoB would he arrived at in tile direction of tolvmg a very great evil., He Would also suggest that every horso before, 'entering tho ring at a show should bo examined by three com-, potent stockowners to prove his soundness, and a certificate issued to the animal. If this were done a better class of stock would bo found at their shows, and the subsidy would result in tho premier horso beiug enabled to travel tho district at a low or fee than would otherwise bo the case to the exclusion of inferior auimaU, It was also a Bhamcful thing to notice the misorablo quality of .many bulls, and in many teams of oxen tho m li] or portion would be found on examination tobeworthleaibulla. Whilcsuoh a »tate of thing» continued »took ¡would de- preciate in the colony, and much of the good arising'from their »ho« s would b» neja tit ed. ' , i ThVreport(and balance »hoot were then adopted. ' ' ; His Worship the Maïob. (Mr. A. Criip) moved the re-election of Mr. Jo». Clarke a» vice patron, and a» vice president« , the Hon». J. W. Agnew, W. H. Burge«, N. J. Brown, P. O. Fysh, J. Gibson, W. Hodg- son, J. Lord« A. McGregor, the Mayor, of Hobart ; Colonel Legge, K.A.; Mesar». J. Bowman, Jo». Barwiuk, Geo Browne, CK. Creswell. C H. Grant, W. OaUnby, C. Headlam, R. Harrisson, W. A. Kermode, J. Macfarlane, R O'Connor, J. G. Parker, K. C Read, H. L. Robert», E. Shorlbriife, D. Taylor, J. F. Walker. A. 0. Webster. M. Weaton, F. H. Wise, R., Young. Scoopdcd by ,Mr. H. K. Headlam, and carried. , , , The Hon. B. S, Binu moved the re- election of the Hon. W. Crosby a» president of the association. He referred, ia «ulogUtio terms, to the interest that gentleman bad always manifested t in the association, and tbo welfare of the agricultural Mllpaitoral section» of the community H»<waa »ure all the member» would feel gratajkil to Hi« Excellency' the' Governor,', andl's/atifiea at the way in which be placad bfforp them, that evening important statutica respecting the agricultural land pastoral interest» Those word» they' ''had heard woul 1 go) /forth to / the /country through the medium of the public Pre»», andk would doubtles» bave the effect of giving, to same extent, an Ímpetu» to thoio interest», and he doubted not tho day wa» not far distant when, a» a result there* of, iliey would noilonger find that the conn try had io depond on ouUide laource» for a portion of its food «upply of thi» ela»» He did npt Jseioiv th»t) they eoald anticipate that Tasmania would grow into.au exporting count y' in respect of wheat, for other coun- tries, wcro known to posse» gratter advafc tage» in this^difeotio» than thi»/ but he knew of ¡no, ¡reason why they «bould not 'act that they'habí enjoyed a good 1ur|«j«V especially1 wnerilthejV remembered, the som»; what doubtfal prógnoitídatjon» which ««re «¿t«W< rt&rdwAh;,é urne * %S w$Jga f ¡(nat their Import return» eoojeqnently'yere rouelHesa than bad .Keen anticipated, and leMKtttf they had beeanfor t|ie preeffina yrjar, and he hoped thi» »tate of thing» Wj»uld continue during the coming »eaaon» A , ¡j Seconded by . Mr, Henri' Lamp, ,ind iakried h ' , , í . t ¿j The Hon W Crosbv briefly vre$un«¿l, thanks for the honour conferred upon Turo He reiterated.what be h»d »aid tatt roar when appointed president, that he^wa» Jatlll oft opinion wai.a mora .fitting.oosilMnti of trie pb»lffonü Would"!» onef of "he? agricultural or paatortloommanlty^-ageiltle man farmetuianduthàt «noli a pr»»léent would render the SoofeV íeWtn*)o6:¿rWer help than hi could «Id Se) ¿»^onnrauiacl to »ay that the dutle» of''¿ti aMttisn had been rendered very light owing ¡Kb the help lie had received from the lion, 8*0»t»ry and committee » The fir»» meftttantf gentle man wa« really ¿te one.td wKom ftéSoflfaty o' i ed lU «ncoe«», for th« manner ia which he Wept til« m«f»tor«'m> to th» mark wa» little ?hort of marvellous He wonld like to make a remark respecting what bad fallen from the liga of the Hon, the Premier on] the »abject of enlargiog th« Society's border» , jue quite agreef, with thal gatitle man m that view,, andllatt year" at,f the annual meeting ho pad said b» «hould alike to gee an amalgamation ol these soctetie» all throughjthc cojoay.r A» there were prospects of an overflowing treasury, for there were rumojirtj that things,. wera abettor »han they were last year, ne should like to remind the Treasurer that" thafaodiety amid very well ¿ike s IMWgov¿riimont Airtance 'In tli^t respe«Aitji«<*aKaeit>0B he«*d«laaityear won tlmrwmTraaeucer «TIuulJ gWÜiem »«. mean« to purchase a suitable piece of land upon which proper i building» could be erected and the show be made of a more re- preséntate e character If the Premier would p'aceinpou the Estimates a Bum of money tocarry ontjhesc iniprovementa their present readiness to meet his views would be further'»trenah Lned The) did not ask that the money should be gil en to them. Let the Government lend it them at 3J per oent-the 'amount of interest at which thee last loan' had been io rae cesifully j floated They had now a sum of £1,000 in hand, let the Government give them pound for pound and follow out the principle in relation to subsidising their iprue lists, í für J W Palmer movod tlie;re-eIection of ,tlie folloMing officers -Committee of Management Meissa, ) H J. Brock, E. Chancellor, G S Crouch, H. W. Chapman, D R Doenetor1, A1 Flexmore, W. Greenlaw, H L Headlam,.A Morton, W< E Shoo- bridge, Geo. Simoude. T. Taturt Hon; Secretary1 Mr. C. E. Davies. ,Hon. Trea- surer.- Mr Ë Hawion. Auditora Mesan. A. G1 Webstet and F. H. ,Wi«e. , \- Seconded by Mr. J. Barwiok, and carried J ! lAOniOUWOeUli EDUCATION. ?TlieHon N. li Bbowm thonreadap»per ent|tled " Teohnioal Teaching in Agricul- ture,;' of whioh the following I« a sum- mary -The authorship of the paper wak stated to be divided between Mr. H. "C, Kingsmill, teacher of mathematics and ap plied mechanics in the Hobart Technical School, and the reader. The Object of the paper wag to give «orne account of what had been done elsewhere in the matter of techni- cal teaching in agriculture, to offor sugges-' tions a» to what loimauia requires m that direction, and how it could be provided at a comparatively small expense uutil the sue ces« ofithe experiment jnatilies farther ex ,p»iiditure A brief summary Of the report of the Commission appointed about February last) to inquire into the working of the Lincoln »School of Agriculture, Canterbury, N Zj., and to muka recommendations for its future, was ;gucn It showed that the school was endowed m 1872 with 100,009 acres of purely pastoral land, andtliis.ro serve was conveyed to the Canterbury College to be held In trust lu 1877 and 1878 the college governor« purchased 022 acres of land 'for J£l7i711,"óve'r '£2(1 per aorc, and; paid for "' It by the sale of 40,000 lacre» of-the 100,000' acrcB reserved, /lui j consequence .,of,,^tliis ; , a,-;mixture, of the accounts arpie,'.and the. Commission" hud j to'unravel 'them! . The .examination of, the ¡accounts, for.tlio, previous, ,10, year« showed'a'debit;' balance!agáinst the'; (arm ofj ,£5,824. ; The .school did not obtain ¡any in .direfct »dvantages, but wa«'tliej reverse of ? flourishing. In 1882 the humbor,cl student« increased from 16 to, 38, and, the¿buildinga¡ wer« then extended .on. a,: costly ipd "pre'-' tenttaiis'scale,"the cost of them,' a» they. nowstaud, being £34,0001 The fee», at first £40per,»UBum, were raised toi'föi« 1884,. and ,tbV attendance fell to", 367,, Jtfèx't /~T\ th«y were raited to £65, «ad the àttemd' fell to» 20¡' arid'» further réftúotloir'tW .closed Übe year 1888. Thi», Mr. BK iargued, pointed', to tbe: conclusion, that V Scl^ol'of 'Agriculture 'nurtured ' In the: Up of luxury and'»tarted with a lavish endow-' .ment 'foredoomed failure:1 On the "other ¡band, thrift and careful management, would': be inore oonduelve to'ultimate '«ucee»«; thaoj a riok endowment which'' fdr a (time, appeared to render economy unnecessary; From vi'thes't- report".y of. ¡the';^ Victorian, , Council of Agricultural Education . for .the year«, 1884 and 1887- informât ion, wai, taken to the effect that,'under'-the Agricul- tural College« Act oi 1884^'a, Council of Agricultural Education' wa«; formed.'í l It cons|sted of 11 member», three of whom were trtntoei for the oollege 'tanda appointed , under the Land Act, 1884, which «ecured the^tervátion'of JW.OOO-'aorea'fór tbepùr boïelof: »grljultural-education, the: Seore-: tory ¡for. Agriculture e»( oficio, two raemb«r» appointedLy the,Governor-in-Couucil,:and .five ¡elected . byY-agricultural »ooietle»., Tho ïamount,of revenue,! derived ? from the, ¡22,270 »ores .already reserved wa»j£ft,083 per annum, and 27,430. acre« have yet tobe, reserved... ,1'he,first college-utider... tlio ,Aot; was established'at Dookie, 'au estate com prisiog"4,84uY acre« , of. land,!,for tho-;iiioit tw^ pf'Àg'rtc^ltural.tîollegeirthatjljb óf|te»oher Olr^lçaitt^ig^ouiliiwf &ss;ímmmm\ i .¡r.cniioíii C25 per annum for maintenance only, teach-' Íng being given gratuitously'. Three year» wa» he time allotted for «tudents, and in that Íime the report1 »tate'a'i-'* A lad m'ay, by rdinary attention and study, make himself Îroficient in practical,agriculture, and «utfi ient of the sciences kindred tlioroto, to fit* I'm hereafter for the profession of agri-"' nlture " ' " Mr. KlNOSMitl, s arguments on tho subject < ontniued in the paper woro mainly that an i gricultural school is wanted, in ismucli as t asto of labour, capital, and laud, could be t revented by proper training, both ' of f,miers and farm labourers ; that tho pro i! ucing powor of 'the countiy could be ( roatly increased, and a career on the 1 ,ud opened to many young mun now c owding into the towns owing to « dread of the difficulties of fanning with v liioh they have nover been taught to ,f -apple. He also thought parents who c mill provide their sons with capital to start f rming would gladly »end them to a plao v, here they could be trained for it, in sup p irt of which he iustancod tho appreciation o the agricultural schools of New Zealand a id Victoria. In England school» to train y lung men for colonial life, In which a lead ii g part of the course ia the theory and prac ti le of agriculture,attracted alargenumbcr of al «dent», and granted the proviiion of ade q ate fund« and competent teacher», training ,fc r colonial life in the colonies could hardly fa 1 to commend itself. At present many y, ung men were sent ont to learn under pi I'ate individual», large premiums being pi id for /colonial experience, and in many ca le» the experience wa» dearly bought. A i agricultural college would provide better fo ' auch case», and would give an opening to a leairable class of immigrant« to settle on tfa i land. Agricultural instruction should b< thoroughly practical, and the teachers »li mid have local knowledge and experience. TI e farm, attached to the school could be mi do to pay part o( it« expense» through the la' mur of the student», but the object should ne li be «3 much'to make the farm iUeU'pay as to make it >a mean» of teaching every th ng. Alao, experiment» should be made fo the benefit of the country. -The effect of .u :h «ohool« in Denmark wa« that where fo merly, Danish produce, .on account of it« in1 erior quarfly, brought a low price, it now connund» the. highest, and there is anin cr ibis of over two millions sterling in the ar nual \alue ;of exported produce. The, qi sstion, therefnie, waa', how aro we to do th s same thing here, and what will it oo»t' to do it ? "A moderate amount would pro ibj bly. suffice by taking advantage of-the .Gavemment' Farm at New Town and the Hobart Techaieali School. Mr. Harding,» Superintendent of "the Farm, possessed vast loi al experience, andaUhongh the Farm might' ni t b« sufficiently extensivo, additional land oo lid be leased elgee to it. At tho Hobart -T< chnical( School cluses (now attended by »ti idents ,from New Town), students could.. re elva instruction In bookkeeping, general, anl agricultural-chemistry,'-plan drawing aoll meaturement, of land, j Nearly, all-tho »djlitioral teaching required could'be I given) ,byj m\ »inglej re»iileut, master, who ishquld undertake tbe.boarding, discipline,' arrange- ment p'f work^and, communication, with parent», and guardian», Iqi,thi» ,way »n agricultural »ebool might be fanned <*rith comparatively IRtle expense, -, ¡¡¡ < i i , With regard to land and buddings,,- Mr. Brown think» with_Mr._Kiog»mill_that-the Government Farm at New Towry with , tye, addition of two or 'three hundred,, acre»/in thi Immediate vjcinity, wjiich ( could j ¿be rented! Would "be sufficient. The existing buildings,-with «ome comparatively, inex-/ !P»n»lve addition», would an»wer all purposes required for the.present, na ¡t , would be a ,fatal mistake to acçua^om. the,,«tudeut« i to, the uie.ef buildings much more luxurious ¡14 their appointments and arrangement», than, those which they would . fiad themsalvea compeljed to use upon going into butines« a» farmer» ontheir own account. .Modera im- provement« »hould not'be ^espised, and the studying and »tri'ving after improvements in arrangement* of ,farm building» «hould bp regarded a» an csaoutlal par.t ¡of the educa- tion of",tke farmer, '"Everything ths,t is, necessary,for the'orbper, accommodation and protection of t«9çk aud¡cropt, and/ for 1 the pr«««ryai}on,oi prdft v>d,ne¡jtuess"»hould be provided, but'jyerything ,en^il|ng unnecos ?ary oruatqearjifLtlon agd, expptue »honld be avoided. ,,a ' 'j,l|ri "< ,'" I ', In the matter of the lodging» of the stu dents, it would appear to be' very .desirable to preserve a» much as possible of the char- acteristics of home life in preference to the Bort pt " barrack " arrangements that mast be (adopted if the, «rodents weie all to be' vcoommodated in one building on the farm. Toleffict thia Mr. BtoWn «ki, !" Would it not be possible to obtain from. responsible bead» of familie» in the immediate i vicinity 6t she farm« offtrti tot heir»1 °^A ln.igi.ii.--o ,or three student*!"who;would, bailtreated'a« member« of their .families., and, for whose discipline witina the hours they were under' their charge they would content to be held responsible 1 Payment foi auch 1 accommo'-' ditton would have,to be made by,parents or1 guardian« of ttudoats, 1 the1 instruction on the farm (being given gratuitously ai in 'Victoria; The giving of such instruction should not'lruauit in much, if any, loss to'j the State, a»,the farm, under proper man-, agemeut should provide for-thooost nf, in- struction and supervision.. Tho fee charged at Dookie Far iii in "Victoria for ¡board pqd' llodgio'g was £25"per annum, but last year the principal of that institution' "reported ' that "the cost'of each, student, including , food ' attendance ' and Washing . «ras £22 Û8s. Sid." - '< ' "'' ,, With regard to the work and instruction of the students, Mr.''Brown's opinion is 'that it would appear hardly possiblo'to improve upon the 'arrangements made at the Dookie ¡Farm.' 'The practice followed'there Is, thtit 'stated'ia the report'of that'institution :? ''Student» are equally divided into two" classes, and, one'half.of tuewi forming onie, ! olatt ate indoon one day .attending classe«, and lectures ; the other halt bro out on the farm for the day performing every, kind,, qf^ practical'work,', from1 cleaning,1, out a'pigsty» to ploughing,'driving1 tha'r'eiipèr and binder, land making the wines and oils in then seasons; and the work has'been done1-well and wi|lin<ily by them.'i Thin giving-np a whole day to either indoor or OutUúor work ' enabled undivided attention to, bo given (for; thelwtiqle,, day, to^cither, work,-and, it is, j a, decided improvement on breaking,/ the, dayl for both in and out wpik." The practioalin-. Istruction should embrace all kiLfdrf of '^ork' 'on the farm, the iuáeJ of1 Wm'implements' ' and,machinery, and the feeding und manage!.'' ment, of stock. ¡ The theoretical i'teaching I shodld include:-I. Chcuiistry,,-in,its rela- tion to soils and plant UJeui 2n The latest theories i elating to muragemeut of, farm stock,'including veterin.ry medicine ( and surgery. 3. Botauy." 4.;(Bnipmologyfl ¿J. Geology." 0.' Bookkeeping and commercial correspondence, and the put chase and Bale of stock and i produce i 7. Mathematics 8\. LandJsurveying and levelling, measure- ment of (and, audtplbttiug and plan draw iug. 9. The use of water for irrigation1 10 'Natural philosophy and applied mechanics, includin'g the 'construction and management of steam epgines, and water power appliances.. .Uudei,, the ;syatom -suggested for adoption at New'Toivn the .necessary indoor instruetion'-'might' not bo wjthin reach of the Hobart Technical School «taff, but that matter codld be dealt with galerón. - * JTbe control of the «atablishmébt might be Vested in a Board of Agricultural Educa- tion formed on lines somowhat similar to -those adopted In Victoria, Such' a Board jnlght be composed of tho Deputy Stirveyór Ueuijral ua permanently representing the ,G¿vei ament, and whose knowledge'of land surveying,' levelling*,-draughting, etc., would /lit very useful to the board;'two member« to be nominated, by tho Governor in Council,-1 and at least three members1 to be eleoted by the agricultural »oclétle« in the1 colony. . The' Board »hould be invested with authorlly'to acta» trustees'of'farm lands' 'and personal' Íiroperty, and to 'control the expenditure of und« available for promoting the'object for -which the Board would be eitabliihed. Part of»th«'»alary of'the farm 'trisna' BM »hould consist1 of a percentage »ay 5 or J tier cent, of the1 nef'yearly profit», b1 the .tai". «>. font *> 'be'debited on'jr With tho áexojil working expenses/and not with the bo»t of indoor inatruotion of the «tudenta. > ¡Tho concluding1 paragraph» of'the paper 4>olnt out that' if the system i» > adopted the wirk of agricultural education need not be -confined to the > locality of New Town. Any wl|«re near'» centre of population in the North, > »ay at Lcngfordf andfurth'er westward at Latrobe the Government ., or, the > Board (night at very» small1 risk' rent a suitable fsrnij for a term > of'year*,'the students being lodged with Jajniliesjn the neighbourhood. > ¡Theae "f»rnî» would, (fiaye/ an, educational [value, not.ohly for the > students themselves, 'but for many., adult farmers in the neigh- bourhood, > who could riot fail ,to> be benefited by¡iwliat,ought to be]an example of > careful, jyftcmatic, and profitable cultivation, a» well i as by, the > opporfu.nitiea,that, would, /doubtless, ,be. aflùwdpd ,th'eiii jof,attending > jeveuibg'lectnres in 'the lecture'room. Tho capital expjediture required > would, of-course,' l.dspend, Mooncha extent pf ,land itaken up. If. tlie Government-Farm at-New Town, with l^-»t(Mk and'pláiit/Dwére Vested In the* Board,. HO^dditftn»! /úíaiM Offff» 'Would Kyvide the fcrt-ireai» xest of acldtttotlal nd lor the «tockuig anrtfaeaaejairy altera- tion« to building», and for patting in the (int year'« crop.' Allowing £1,000 each for the saino purpose for ,twp similar establish- ment» in the North thora Wouldi beau ox i penditure of £2,700, which Would probably be found sufficient for all ordinary require <mcnts until returns were received,from the , farms. Adding £500 as tho probible cost of the (¡rat year's indoor, iusttuctiuu tho total for three farms for the first year would be £,'1,200 But even if the expenditure should somewhat exceed this, provided officient administration could lie secured, no similar amount expended for public purposes would bo so certainly and so largely reproduc- tive In both direct and indirect benefits to the country. The purpose of . referring to the posiiblu cxtcusion would be' attained if the necessary power for extension waa pro vi Jed in any legislation on tliu subject Par liamont should al<io be asked to approve of the reserv, atiou of blocks of land 400 or 500 acres in extent up to a total of, say, 5,000 acres a« a permanont endowment for agri cultural education Tho paper closed with a hopo that tin SPA and P Society would, by its great and deserve 1 influence, be able to help largely to »«euro during the approachiug sealion the legislation and tho fund« necessary for making a commence mont of this important Undertaking, «nd that members of Parliament, however much they might difïci upon other matter», would give their united assistance in the good work. Mr Brown, after reading hi» paper, said that with regard to the farm at Mew I own it mu»t be borne in miud that the expendí tura necessary to convert it to the use he had auggeated, would only be somewhat larger than that annually taken out of the Ireaaury for it until the roturas caine in Another thing that had occurred to lum was that provided the principle was adopted, there would be nothing: but the initial coat to prevent the establishment of a,«chool at Franklin, at which attention should be directed almost exclusively to fruit colturt. This wat an industry very different to thoie industries willoh ne had cpntempUted m his paper, but 1 loking at it« importance, he conudored it was entitled to consideration, and perhap« the greatest difficulty in it« way would be the additional coat of orchard land. (Loud applause ) j The Skcrrtakc apologised for the absonoe of Mr 1 Stephens (Director of tanca lion*, and read the following remarks at bia hands on the «object - " Having from childhood taken a lively interest in everything connected with farming, and having gone through a course of inatruction ia ordinary and experimental farm work in England, whioh was aupple monted by aome practical experience in Vic tbria and iii thi» colony, I desire, a* a morn her of the Sputhern Association, to «ay a few word» (n support of the proposal ; which is brought tinder dUcuislon thi» evening The scheme drawn up by the Horn Nichol«» J. | Brown, with a tight of which he ha« kindly favoured me. 4e*oribe* bow a begin ping may be made to aupply a long felt wabt, and «bow« that the question of the demand for practical and aelenti6c in«truc tuon in agriculture- may-be put to the test without long .delay, , or .any, .xtrav*xakk\lontiayV>nÔ!V iW « urgenV need for such -training id Tasmania there can be no dbnbtjiand It there it not any great demand! for it at the présent mo ment, that is only an additional reason for calling the attention off ^thé people to the 'subject, and combating i «hat over content ment with thugai al 'thejr are, which is the great enemy to all real progress The Lincoln Agricultural College,' to which reference is made by the author1of; the paper, wa« intended "by its' founders to be a typical institution Combining theore ttctl and practical inatruction in equal pro- portions, and some of the causes of its par- tial failure bave been clearly- pointed ont by Mr Brown Ibe «tudents spend half of their time inside attending lectores and demonstration1» i in all '' the varied varied subject» which appeal1 on fhe pro gramme of every agricultural college.1 and half on the farm, where on'alternate days the whole number of students being divided into two equal sections, they do-all the work that is generally done by the ordinary farm labouren l Had the Lincoln Institution been more of a farm, and les» of a college, I venture to think that ii would have been more successful Here, In Tasmania, there is no igrcat danger of excesi on the theo ictical side, and the-chief difficulty will b j to provide exactly that kind of instruction which is required at a time and plaoo snited to the other condition» of the farm life The only suggestion which11 venture to'offer Is that, at the outset, it would'bo »dviiablo to be content with the title of Model Farm, but with a olear understanding thal the object ia ant only to train »tndents in the mode of »u^lylug tbeit physical pungi») en »ne beat advantage in the. management of land and ?took, but alea to cultivate that" intelligent knowledge of the true principles 'under lying skilful management which dignifies all labour of whatever kind ' The Hon B 8 Biro f MJniater of Educa tion), said Mr Brown deserved the best thanks of the Society and of the agricultural community for hi» excellent Piper There, could not be the slightest doubt that the time had come when in regard to any indus try the latest and most advanced science must be applied, if succcb» was to bo, laohieved ihey found technical colleges and schools rising up in all parts of the world to supply the wants of the people He di 1 not know that it could fio, said truly that Tas mamu had lagged far behind m tho matter of agricultural education, inasmuch as they had recently started a system of technical instruction in tho irts and handicrafts, and soon after 5 distiHoFproposal for agricultural instruction ¡was brought for ward Tho question' had' boen under1-fus consideration for some time"'past, ard it had also been.discusscd by the Technical Com rnittoe, who had only a -few days ago for .warded to him as/MiniHer of Education, a request fo) the sum of ¿300< to ibe placed upou the estimates to ,be submitted to Par (lament for thp purpose of j eouunng the ser jv/ces of an itinerant lecturqr He had de forred repjyuig to this request, because he wished itcvKupw what view» would be placed before,,the,meeting, and «ko because he was atnuoifs tç obtain information as to what was | i dope elsewhere -¡ Whilst! he ? ap proved, qf mapy of : the i ideas, embodied ina the paper, his sympathies went rather with amalgamating the -¡ control [ of the sobemo with the technical committee» jof Hobart and L^uncestpn, as by that means they would mee} all requirement« in sp far as a|Lioara¡w,ns concerne^, and be ¡loss costly 'perhaps than,the more elaborate. Board sug, 'get'tediby. lir^'illrpwii.;,-. Roi thought, how .everi il^wVtild', boj very (.desirable that thoi JSpuf Jijr.jBrpjyiiShould .,,be added.jto.,,thdi .Technical Çommittço, | and also-, the. I Deputy») ;£uf voyor-Gpn«raJ,,whose UBsistauce , would;, no J doubt, | [ bBK",pf .. great i value, . but 'that ',wás ||.a.VmcrpVijimftttcr,., ,ofi,/.'ide--, tall Ivyhich,, could he'(,;pottled later, on., litbelieired that tho.iidpas,set .'before them, .would gi^iicíi^ti^iirijilj.tOiRrcat.thipgs» and, jbeçojne. a^poiver,for,,good :.iñ.j,.the uland.! [(Cheers.) '. ,Thor9/ had ¡certainly/, bequ too. much haphazard) ill,tho conduct of, farming: business^ .áfldJj,fihSy,' wero to ,ha've success .ia agriculturt, it would only bo through the application, of ' BuÎcnço.. j,Ho,.. was .glad to beajj j'^rl Brown'« ,, .subsequent, ¡ ; re- : marlis^iWithi,regard", to ."fruit' culture,, .as lié, hadj "noticed , tho., absence;..(of any reference, to thau.in1p9r.tant industry hi tlje paper. ,,Tha ,¿flfqits that bad been made to osüblújli a, market for. ,T«smauiim fruit,in England, and the endeavour« "now, being made to bring-it prominently- before the Parisians,! not to »peak of, the. probable extention to. other,,,continental : oi tie«, in 'Europe,and.ito-,Canada.and other part« of, .'America, were sufficient reasons why instruct, 'ttón infruit culture«houldlgohand in hand 'w'thjin«truotton,in the cultivation of cereals-, Without going into .the expenditure on, the .building he had no doubt there was ampio < Vpomj on: ¡the v.Now Town,fatrnforall the 'stiirjenUthoy. were likely to iget for a year: or two. y.rSat ,the: purpose of finding place for a few «tudentinwho might offcr'tnomsolvp», ,thoy could ,:di»pen»e with,.the ¡service« «if paid labourer*' and invalid« now, employed thereon. A ,Hoj quit« ,,agreed,;witli:>i Mr, King« ; mill's .Minarka : which"; had» been placed.:before;"i,him previoinlyijin , r.iaüuY script form,-and,, whichello notioed ,had been j included,,'(iu¡ the; i, paper, 1 by;. Mr; Bro'wn,',aud: concurred with his idea.regard Ing'Mr, Harding.', He-, thought vit:,better: that they should content . thomsolves with a - «mall beginning and »ecure; by technical teachei to give letaonthwe and-elsewhere, which suggestion he had no doubt .could be adopted and satisfactorily carrled'out. ' Ho hoped the matter *WSfif&r;^b7~taken up earnestly by the Soótety,'apd that' the mehi , bars of Parliament, if they shoiild; be asked, a^Jieihojied'th'ey'wöuld beí^'to,'sïnotl^hja', vote for instruction in Agriculture'that they' would jjlvothé'samewithpiit'hesit'ationi '...'?' /Sir! HATiilNO'.&iaWf;^ romnrki'made 'about Jittp''anrïKe'.rpi)uidbuly; jaow^tlia+j/if 'ifiö.'nriuoljil^.^áp 'agop)#j;'he yóuld do'bu^best jtö HhpVr^tbatiftiWPijltTOi wôûld [pAy.'j.iHei' qujte ^agreed ,wjth 'Air(í 1 Bro w11, that they should have a larger aroa titan [ was compri»ed-in-:tlui- (Jovernnieiit Farm at prêtent»',b«c««uie fit«wbuld1, be Weeeaiaryioaitttatiii .'ti. ytJr tói'. «faáted°r wMWïïmbmiïwtmmïi »hould .;iM,F.i,nMftf ,,**ninint-1 ,H*ith ;i>lt. in all it* branchirt^^Uí'''***.bhjVi' carne io a «mall place tbajr might f**l rather L\Aui. ¡ The Hou, 1*. 0. FïHll said that whilst listening to the paper certain, suggestion» hail occurred to bim. A conference of the various Local Board« of Health had been held that afternoon, at which iho drainago of the city und suburbj had boen discussed, aodi it might be that scientific men would before long tell thom it would bo necessary to . deal (cientifiaally > with the sewage of the eily, und form a. sewage farm, where it could ,be thoroughly, treated, mid it had occurred to him that such operations might bo embraced in the work of a Model farm. As, an evidence of, the good of ulicmistiy dud science, when.adopted in rela- tion to funning ho quoted aminsUnce which had euine under his notice wherein a ßeotcb gentleman some 20 years ago purchased > an old worn out farm of ISO acres within a »bott distance of Loudon. He laid out some £5,000, and soma eight year» latei when he (Mr. Fysh) visited Knyhnd, he wa» informed hy him that in one or two ¡ car» he had been enabled to make the property pay back the original outluy, together with a profit. Coming to the application of the system of technical teaching in Tasmania tfie lauds to which they could apply the system were in the hands of gentlemen work- ing them for themselves, and the «las» of students they would expect at the model school would not be likely to go on to these farms. Th« gieater number of me t who were likely to be on the agricultural areas of the future wore those who ware now battling with the forest where the soil wa» in it« virgin »tate, and did not require the) aaiistauce of chemistry or «oieuee. i These men could not gain much from a college experience, nor were they the das« of men who could afford to give their so-» this instruction, but if they bad an itinerant lecturer he might bo able to »seiet in instructing them in many way». There were those who were not agriculturist», and who could not|be expected to thoroughly understand or mc the matter in ft» fullest light, he therefore hoped Mr. Browu would educate them up to this. ' Mr. J. AV. Palmkb, a* one of the practi- cal farmer» present, «aid be thought that what wa» r< quired waa more praotical and les» theoretical knowledge. That would be gained better by the inititntion of farmer'» clubs, at which farmer» could meet together and talk over the various syitem» which they adopted; in their daily operation» It was*« well known fact ¡that many men who were very strong in theory w< re equally wckk when tiley put '.their i théorie« into practice. ' There were! few wh.t culti- vated properly, very feW indeed who Went iq 'for a rotation of' crops. Any praotical farmer would admit tjiatthoea who'did »o' j iib tamed far better result», than other* -Who simply followed a'haphazard system.'>He had no doubt the high/price obtainable torbay had a good deal to do with it, a« people went ' in for tu*t product year byi year matead of growing, a clean crop of grain j and the re- ¡ suit of this I Was that the land, became very foul. He conaldered the information1 farmer» required wettldbe, spread far better through ' the! medium'of farmert'ichibs. ' ' ' " ' ' ' ' / Mr. C. H.' Grant »uggeeted: that the work of the itinerant lecturer, should' one be'ap I poibttd, could »ben very much 1 accelerated' by ¡the distribution of . Urge number of easy text book», ,Theibook«' might be pro- vided by the ¡Technical Board, and couta be returned tai them.when firiiihed with. ? ! ' - > Mr. A. Mortom »aid it-wae-pointed out at [the Technical Board meetfng the other > day that the Nevfc )Jot«/n''f«r»r might be utilised at some Jfuture^Jime. -He consi- dered thut many farmers in thooutlying dis-¡ »tridts could not attend, therefore he thought '?>,«? »hi. lu.» .»..r ? « -'."l, .1.2« '-IJ li . ina» me oes» way to. resen mern would De 'by bppointing1 «h' ¡libérant' |ectuter. The lecturer »hould be a pr»cücal m»n,more(»o - tlion'^heoreticil, "although- »ome'/theory I íwoúld viitt\b\y'hi:nicen^ß!!ii'vM,'.Of>i^: 'ela»»1 of' man'that''tho board h'»d'¡'recom- . mendedthe Gót'erñm'énttpobtain. He should 'al>^ .possés»'»'knowledge yóf';.agricultural , chemistry and entomology,'and' during'three , 'oríour:nionths1iuathé''yéat'..he.'could .travel; ?"through ;? oiltlylr»ë'diéíricta' íecturiiig, to the ^farmer«.-' That was ' the' sort'of man' eui , . ployed in England with great sueceaa. . ,;,,'?;' Mr. Al J'.:TAyrÁRthb,ught'tnat'if¡án;ex,Y. pensivecollege 'was established it would "bo 'beginping at the wrong endpf^tlia atick.'IHé., j believed that'll the1 Government! were to getj , a first-class agricultural clièirilst' to iustruct. the; farmers,of tho TOlonjr'h'ow tq".farïn; scientifically, it' would 'lie"quite sufficient. - '., Hon.; N. J. Bbow.V.'iu thanking those ,who'; i had done,hini the honour .of dUçua»iug.,his Jpaper,'»'aid he' wuhod to¡,correct, an impreaV. ; sion whl6li;»cëmod'to.have been'left ontbö ] minda of.'some' an'd glye'n'.éxpi-éBsibñl'.to.by,! | ,Mn Palmer:'.'His papef'did .not' »dvbeato . : any mètbott for »caoblnç ¿du't person», nordid, . ;be want an agriculturaicolt'ege. ,What he had 'urged was »orrie mean» of teaching boys from ¡14 to 16 yeara^of age.-.whole, Darents desired them to become'pracljcal agriculturist», and < not|to.teach 'adult, farmer» their, business.) ' IV hjh ' ' regard , to '!. tile',' appointment' j ,qf ; "in. , itinerant lecturer , he' agreed with other», , that thoy.bnd/too.much theory already, and, ? Whajt'they should direct their attention, more , particularly.! to ^¿'«'''.tee.^teacnlngjO^^bóyi'' . how- to' work practically.' [.['.'? That" was.quite. a. ,¡3iatin'ót' rrlattor' from teaching ;a'duits for] whom the establishment, ¡of farmers'olubs . ^would conduce inùc|rtoJ'their'miitu'al benefit- , andjsocialitíte'fcbür'sej, ,(Heur, hear).,!;."',,,, I ?''Í.'1;,'','^BATHÍÍKST BÜB[R.,¡;"-¡J,',;,,-i'; ' .-, j. Thé''hon'.'|Sccretary¡1 drew .attention toa, plant'lyiug on,' the ''tibié which' bad ¡been, .fomld' growings a^ Now,, IJprfolk'by,,,Mrl;, , .Sharland,^1 It tvpj^brVçch'.ôf-'the.Bathurït.. ' burr,'"bnol 'of i.tlië ri| firégfjést^cúrs^-[of New 'South f' Wale»..! He'.^as', sure. ..¿hat it Wjould' be h} spuice of/general, rsig'r.ctj to: shoppptj'ne'rs^p'heiir.'Hiajt tTie'ptísYhad"boen 1 fourni, grpwiiig,in Tasmanian It only ¡fihovre'd, , the great nécessiiy^fqr.' thp¡; introduction7qi;¡ the : Ptótf'A^t, ^aliüiléd,, to ¡ ¡lty, Mr./ Tobart earlier in trie evening^,',j,'.', ,,¡,' ,',, .'.¡,':,,.. -..' ii' A i VQt'^ of /thank's., to,', His, ¡Excellency,, for , .pr,eBÍ(lin'g';wa.sj^arried'1 hy"(icj¡láination, anil -, ¡itbeprocpc'dipg^tórmína'tcq,,, ¿¡ .'¡'.¡r " . ', ,.-" 