CRUMBS. Unionism at stake. A new we for bustles. Misletoe demonstration. Earthquake shook at Beltana. Land Bill in a pretty muddle. Wife of Bev. O. Copland dead. Baker's Creek crashing, 234 oz, Blook 14, week's run. 12,160 oz. Woman's rights at Broken Hill. Mr. Horn sayB a bat is not blind. Municipal elections approaching. A Ministry incapable of hilarity. Queensland immigration overdone. ; A tret blanket is more in their line. I McKinlay assay, 5.637 oz. to the ton, I Don't let zeal bolt with discretion again. London Customs stopping unmarked wool. London County ConncU started borrowing. The Yarra disease was undoubtedly small pox. Princess Alexander of Battenburg reported dead. . Market gardeners have some excellent horses. Biverton Co-operative Dairy Factory opened. Bunny population likely to beat the record shortly. Trying to make the railway service a paradise. Brisbane baby-farmer remanded on charge of murder. Coal and kerosine shale discovery in Queensland. British import and export returns show a big inorease. ... What can a broker know of humbug and self-interest ? Members of Parliament haven't a monopoly of good ideas. Church of England sending miBBionary to New Guinea. Enemies of the homestead block system still st work. An army of full-blown mining engineers, mostly duffers. Old vateran Tolmer worked a point on the Horse Guards. More trouble for Australian steamers in London Docks. A Pieott diary said to be in the hands of hiB late friends. Those dockers are very liberal with other people's money. The women are always about when their husbands striae, Adelaide Natives are taking a lead in the federation qneBtion. We can now obal'enge AnBtralasia to beat ns inland muddling. The Sydney mercer who asked for payment of his account is dead, " All things to all men." That's the catch him-if-yon-can doctor. Vacancies In the University Senate to be filled on November 27. Lawyers got only £450 out of that London Strike Fund. Too bad. Bnssia is said annually to oonBume tea to the extent of £25,000,000. Mr. Howe must take a back seat in repartee with Mr. Horn. Practical federation of labonr amongst the English speaking people. How much did the ancient Druids know about Friendly Societies ? It must be hard to have one's ideal at fanlt with the nature of things. Sir Charles Dilke means to write the wrongs, not talk of them. A contribution to the London Strike Fund returned with 100 per oent. It is abont time disguised and disgusting prize-figbting was Btopped. More Irish sensationalism preparing for next session of Parliament. Timid souls are nervonB at the overwhelm ing(tvave of trades unionism. Labonr federation will pave the way for political the wide world over. Prayer of the Premier—Save me from my foes, but especially my friends. Board of Conciliation to be appointed by London Chamber of Commeroe. No officer more appreciated by the men npder him than Captain Howie. Twenty-five million persons paid for ad mission to the Paris Exhibition. _ The satirical member for Flinders gives Jamie a lesson in natural history. Australian ballot system adopted in Massa chusetts, and with marked snooeBB. Over 2,000 children under two years of age die annually in Paris of tnberonlosis. Willougbby Andrew is oommitted for trial for the murder of the Sydney mercer. Grand Old Shirkers—those who want to transfer their obligations to the State. It will be cheaper to hire the Oval than make a Friendly Societies ground draw. Banners and bands may be made, like jndicionB advertising, to pay handsomely. The Hills railway has robbed the doctor and undertaker of mnoh profitable work. A few more friends of the homestead block system badly wanted in the Honse. Premier says trustees of Trades Hall will have to be approved of by the Parliament. An old ana experienced labour agent sees no difficulty astto the supply of harvesters. Ship County of Carnavon believed to have been wrecked near North Cape, New Zea land. An officer well np in ortillory tnotlos—or infantry either, for that matter—has to go. Why? Mr. Duncan suggests another Parliamen tary pionio—this time to the Queensland border. Mr. Horn Ib oonvinced of the valne of a masterly policy of inactivity in regard to the Barrier. A thoroughly effioient artillery offioer is Captain Howie, whichever oolony secures his services. Some of those ancient Britons had a very Irish appearance about them in spite of their disgnises. Australia's contribution to London Dock strike was more than doable all the others combined. Tbe leader of the Opposition In Viotoria seems willing to go balaheaded for Parkes's federation. Now, General, why was there no arrange ment made for feeding those poor horses during tbe halt ? It is roughly oaloolated that £750,000 per annnm la spent on the food and ciothing of indoor paupers In London. Mr. Horn ib sorry he helped to torn the Playford Ministry oat for this milk- and water lot. He is not alone. Tbe inexpediency of tbe 8tate teaching religion is obvions from the intensely bitter feeling between religionists. The idea of the Wattle Blossom League and of a Federation Conference is dne to the fertile brain of Adelaide natives. Sir Henry Parkes says "there are no insuperable obstaoles to a great and glorious federation of the Australian people." " He was proceeding with his speech when tbe platform gave way and let all the speakers down"—that was at Broken Hill. Government Surveyors—or their bosses— want looking after. An ironBtoce hill stated to have .been cut np into working :nsn'e blocks ] rook Strike Committee had a Morions time of it. Bands £y00, cahe £800, pioken, ban ners, and delegate# £1,560, tailors £350, black leg# £960. Why abonld sot every man, woman, and child have a piece of land in thia politician weary colony? A piece io provided—in the Cemetery. In Galway it ia considered bo nnlnoky to catch eight of a fox that fishermen will not pnt to aea if they notioe one while going to their boats. [ The Leaning Tower of Piaa leana 1 ft. in 12 ft. There ia a tower at Caerphilly, Gla morganshire, which leana 1 ft. in 7 ft., or nearly twice aa mnoh. The Iberia wae delayed at Port Said by loading aome 600 tona of frnit for the Aus tralian and New /.ealand market#. And thia ia a proteoted fruit-growing country. It ia estimated that in the year 2000 the | population of Great Britain will be 180 millions; thia ia assuming that it continues to increase aa it haa during thia oentury. Unless the Commissioners aend more ! work, the Locomotive Eogineer mast die charge hands. Thia, too, in a year when rolling stock will be a scarce commodity. " The tax on newspapers tended to lessen or keep back the advertising of tbe colony, and the sooner that tax waa abolished the better"—that'a what Mr. Caldwell thinks. On November 13,1003, that grim monaroh Ethelred II. oaused a treaoheroua massacre I of the Danes throughout England. And there wbb " lamentation and monrning and woe." Since 1800 the population of Europe has just doubled itBelf. Then the population was 176,000,000; ia 1830, 216,000,000; in I860, 289,000,000; in 1880, 331,000,000; in 1888, 350,000,000. Poisoning is a very common crime in India, owing to the village sorcerers, who have large quantities, of poison. Three hundred and eixtycaseB of death by poiaon were reported for laet year. At a recent meeting of the Biehope of Ireland it waa decided that the Catholic Church ehonid set itB face against the farther playing of the game of football on account of the danger to life and limb. English authorities have concluded that dynamio oooling, if not the Bole oauBe of rain, is at all events the only cause of any im* portance, all other causes being either inope rative or relatively insignificant. That famona Synod of Dort, which so I vehemently denounced the Armenian hereBy, was opened November 13, 1618, and by a curious coincidence a brisk trade in yarn, has been carried on in that town ever since | then. Dr. Wickhem, of Youngstown, Ohio, claims j that he has discovered a method of treatment | by means of whiah all scars left by smallpox and similar diseases can be entirely oblite rated, leaving the akin free, fair, and smooth. It is reported that a process haa been in vented for extracting silk fibre from the mul berry leaf withont the intervention of the eilkworm. The quality of the eilk obtained is declared to be equal to the best Bilkworm product. Every aorap of iron or wood within reach upon the Eiffel Tower ie completely covered with names and dates. The interiors of the lifts ore covered, and tbe glass wind-protea- ! tors of the elevators on the various floors are filled np. There are at Constantinople alone up ward of 250 lepers. In tbe islands of tbe Archipelago there are at Crete 3,000 lepers, and at Rhodes, Cyprus, Mytilene, Tenedos, and other smaller islands they are also numeious. Bis Sacred Majesty Henry VIII., D.P. on November 13, 350 years ago, did of his own moBt gracious will and pleasure issue a decree permitting his faithful and loyal subjects to read the bible in private houses without let or hindrance. If the Bun were a hollow sphere, the earth could be placed in the centre of it, with the moon moving ronnd it at its mean distance of 237,000 miles, and there would etill be more than 200,000 mileB between tbe moon and tbe edge of the sun. England's first Henry, sornamed on aocount of his learning, " Beauolerk," waa nnited in the holy bands of wedlock to Mb first beloved spouse Maud, daughter of Malcolm, King of Scotland, on the eleventh day of the eleventh month of the year 1100. The first Eoglieb Qauttt was published by authority at Oxford during the great piagoe of London, November 7,1665. Can any of the astrologers, the magicians, tbe sooth sayers, or the wiee men of oar modern Baby lon tell ne when the last will bo published ? A new quick-firing gun has been recently constructed at the Skoda Foundry, in Pilseu, which ia attraotiog considerable attention. It is about 9 feet long, and fires twenty 8-lb, shots in the minnte, with an initial velooity of about 700 yards. Both gnn and shot are of steel, Plato banished the musicians from his feasts that the charms .of conversation might have no interference; but in onr later fashions many prefer music rather than the - gossip of the hoar, which often degenerates into trivialities wearisome and common place. There is a small hamlet in Shropshire, named Rowton. which Hamlet never saw,, bnt which on November 12, in the year of grace 1615, gave birth to that famous Non conformist Richard Baxter, seventy-six years before be left us for his " Saints' Everlasting Rest." Canute the Great, King of Denmark, and afterwards of England, was conquered by that famous " King of Terrors," November 12, 1035. It was at Southampton that he rebuked bis obsequious flatterers by proving. tbat there is but One whom " the winds ahd the wavee obey." Very large orders have recently been re ceived at Birmingham from the German and Frenoh Governments for war balloons. The i German War Office has adopted pamohntes, as their value for campaigning purposes has been clearly demonstrated by some recent experiments in Spandau. The power to oonverae well is a very great charm. Yon think anybody can talk. How mistaken yon are! Anybody can chatter, anybody oan exchange idle gOBsip. Anybody oan recapitulate the troubles of tbe kitchen, the cost of the last new dress, and the pro able doings of the neighbours. At Quito, the only city in tbe world on the line of the equator, the eon seta and rises at 6 o'olook the year round. Your olock may break down, your watoh stop, but the sun never makes a mistake here. When it disappears for the night It is 6 o'clock, and yon can set yonr watoh by it j On November 12,1716, Gottfried Wllhelm, Baron von Leibnitz, died at Hanover, aged 70\. That biographer says "he was by far i the most varionaly oooomplished man of his age ; mathematics, languages, metaphysics, soience, divinity, philosophy, and history being subjects in which he was profoundly versed." Rut why did be try to rob our Newton of *ho heu;u: of dis.overicg the fluxicnal analysis Wealth doe* sot necessarily favour long life. In Professor Humphrey's "fieport on Aged_ Persons," oontainlng an Moount of 834 individuals of both sexes, and between the agee of 80 and 100, it is stated that 48 per cent, were poor, 42 per cent, were in com fortable circumstances, and only 10 per cent, were described as being in affluent circum stances. ; John Milton, the illustrious poet, died November 8,1674, aged 66. Une of his bio grapher write* :—" When at Cambridge he was so handsome as to be called 'the Lady of Christ College,' and he retained his comeli ness to the last. After his blindness two of the three daughters he had by his first wifs used to read to him in eight languages though they understood only tneir own, it being a usual saying with him that'one tongue is enough lor a woman."' The typical spotted black and white New foundland dog is altogether a delusion, and if he were to make his appearance in New foundland would be regarded as of very doubtful parentage. The so-oalled Newfound land dog cannot properly be regarded aa a native of the island, as we are expressly told that the aborigines, unlike most Indians, did not possess any dogs. The breed prized in Newfoundland is coal black, with only a few ' white hairs on the chest. Some one hae made the disoovery, or rather makes the assertion, that a fly always walks upward. Put a fly on a window, and up he toes toward the top. He can't be made to ' walk downward. So an inventor hae made a screen divided in half. The upper part lapB over the lower, with an inch epaoe between. . Well, as eoon as a fly lighte on the screen he . proceeds to travel upward, and thus walks ' straight out doors. By this means a room . can be quiokly cleared of flies. In the reign of Hiohard II. all [boots and shoes were peaked, the points being stuffed with wool, and, trom six inches iu length, they grew eo long as to be fastened round the knee. In early Tudor times the toes were . allowed plenty of room, and the boots and ' shoeB were of eofteBt velvets, often padded with wool; in the time of the two CharleaeB the toes were made square; in Georgian times the pointed form became prevalent five years ago the fashion wsb for square toes, but now the pointed toe prevails. It was on November 11,1400, that Timour, the Tartarian warrior, saoked Aleppo, then the oepital of the Mamelukes, now the capital of a Pashalio of the same name. V ou know it was during his onslaught upon tne inhabitants of the province of Candahar that Timour was wounded in the thigh, and that wound in the thigh orippled him for life, and being crippled for life he went lame, and being lame he waB oalled ''Timur-lenk" whioh is by interpretation " lame Timour;' but thoBe meddling and muddling Europeans corrupted this into "Tamerlane." Very stupid, wasn't it? One fine cloudless night, November II, 1572, that Danish Astronomer, Tyohp Brahe, observed a periodic star in the constellation Cassiopea, It attained a splendour equal to - that of Venus, and after remaining visible ' for two years it drew a veil over its beautiful faoe, whioh hae never eince been withdrawn. Tell ue, ye astute etar-gazere, ye wise men of the East, who meaeure spaoes that are " ghostly with infinitude," in what oentary will this Cassiopeau atar reappear ? Tell ue, or blush for your dense ignoranoe, and hide "your diminished rayB ?" The training of doge for military purpose* iB being proeeeded with actively in the Anstrian army, and, according to a Vienna ' correspondent, satisfactory results have been obtained by some regiments garrisoned in Bosnia. One of these soldier dogs the other day carried a message over a dtstanoe of eight miles in an hour and fivo minutes. Aooord ing to instructions issued by the War Oflice in Vienna, the best breeds for warlike occu pations are pointers, sheepdogs, and poodles. Bloodhounds are too expensive for ordinary military duties, and are employed in Bosnia only tor the pnrenit of brigands. The dogs ' ore trained to carry messages and ammuni tion, to gnard places and depots, and to per form outpost duty. 