MISCELLANEOUS. LONDON, April 22. The Colonisation Committee will examine the colonial Agents-General on Thursday next. Mr. Mackenna, vice-president of the American branch of the Irish National League, has resigned that position, stating as his reasons for doing so that the league practically no longer exists in America, and will not submit to the leadership of assassins. Mr. Eaikcs, the Imperial Postmaster-General, will meet the colonial Agents-General on Friday to discuss the reduction of the ocean postage rates proposed by the Chanoellor of the Exohequer. The Hon. S. H. Parker, one of the delegates jrom Western Australia, has informed the committee on the Western Australian Enabling Bill that he does not agree with the opinions expressed by Sir T. Cockburn-CJampbell with regard to the reservation of Albany as a defence station, and he had no objection to Albany being made another Gibraltar. It was, however, imperative that Western Australia under the new constitution Bhould have control over the lands in the northern part of the colony unless a new northern colony were created. He further suggested some alterations in the bill with a view to preventing the immigration of Anglo-Chinese subjects to Western Australia. [Aooording to a recent cablegram, Sir T. Cock burn-Campbell Btated, in his examination by the committee, that he considered that the English, as against Imperial, reservation of Albany for defence purposes was a standing menace to the colonies, and that a United Australia would be able to repulse any attempt on the part of Franco or Germany to annex the territory of Western Australia.] Herr Licht states that the past seven months' production of beet sugar shows an inorease of 807,000 tona, and it ifi estimated that the current campaign will show a surplus of 844,000 tons. The World states that the Right Rev. Dr. Barry, Assistant Bishop of Rochester and late Primate of Australia, has refused the offer of the Bishopric of St. Alban's. Kirkham did a splendid gallop of a mile and a-half to-day, and Narellau was treated to cantering exercise. The alterations in the duties on tea, spirits, and currants, as proposed by the Chanoellor of the Exchequer, have been adopted by the House of' Commons. [Mr. Goschen in his Budget Speech stated that it was intended to reduce the import duty on tea to 4d. per lb., and on currants to 2s.' per ewt., while the duty on spirits (British and foreign) would be increased by 6d. per gallon, the amount derived from the latter to be handed over to the local authorities. The present duty on tea is (3d. per lb., on currants 7s. per cwt.> and on spirits 10s. 4d. per proof gallon.] London, April 23. Mr. Raikes, in a speech delivered at Brad ford last night, stated-that three years ago he earnestly desired to make the reductions in the postal rates which have now been proposed by the Chancellor of the Exchequer. Her Majesty the Queen is now at Darm stadt, and will meet the Emperor William and the Empress Augusta, of Germany, and the Empress Frederick there on Friday next. Mr. A. R. H. Pietzcker has been appointed Danish consul at Brisbane. [It will be remembered that when it was pro posed somo months ago to appoint Mr. Pietzcker, the Danish residents of Brisbane forwarded to their Government' a United protest. No personal ob jection waa urged against the appointment of Mr. Piptzcker, who is an old and respected citizen: but it was strongly desired that the consul should be of Danish birth, and acquainted'with'their language.] Mr. F. H. Cowon'fl new Scandinavian opera, "Thorgrin," has been produced by the.Carl Rosa Company at Drury-lane Theatre with brilliant Buccess. Their Royal Highneßses the | Prince of Wales and Duk« of Edinburgh were present at the performance. The steamer Liguria having been delayed by n slight collision at Gibraltar, the Australian Eleven, who aro passengers -by her for Eng land, played a match there with .a local sixteen; whom they defeated. The Chicago Exhibition Bill, whioh provides for the holding of the proposed •' World's Fair" at Chicago, has been passoTl by the United States Congress. A grand demonstration in favour of the eight hours', movement will be held at Chioagopn the Ist May, when 70,000 labourers will parade the cijty. A cargo of wheat by the steamer Earnock has been sold at 85s. Two March-April cargoes have realised 355. and 84s. 9d. respec tively. The eases of New Zealand apple 3 by the Oceana have been sold at Bs. per case. The shipment of pears was found to be rotten. For foreign telegrams of earlier dates than the above $4* page 805. 