€ r u m b & Bazaar. Ceatha. Bonnie. Postage. Theatre. Leprosy. Pictures. Degree B, Balloon. Baseball. Garner's. Collision. Red rust Influenza. Yachting. Obituaries, Polo races. Five killed. Art revival Doctors busy. Race weather. Louth wrecked. Upsetting news. > Runaway trains, Eat hurst disaster. Kemp won easily. Misses van TasssIL Wodonga launched. Undertakers aotive. Nineteen " niggers." Smith Ellis's remedy. Up in a balloon, girls, 8umni»ry on Taesday. Matterson steps down. The late Under-Soaretary. Irish Landlords Relief Bill. Bazaar to-day and Mond Rev. G. K. Row* typhoided. Seventeen colts In Parliament -:„• Blook 14, week's ran, 14.GS7 oa. , Barometer at noon to-day, 80*01. ' Movement to cheapen oable rates. Broken Hill, week's run, 161,695 oz, Did Moses believe in tbe single tax} Penny postage approved for N.8.W, Always rumours of fiction petitions Mn»hmnm.himtl|ij WMffn OOmmenOSfl» White's Derby colts are disappointing,. Much ado about that wheat rust remedy* Dr. Ayliffe has joined the great majority. The raoes have brought tbe rain aa onul P.M. Gazette flogs the British Opposition Bathunt snpplies tha sensation of tha dayj The Town Hall Is worth Inspection to-day. Send In your orders for Summary on Mon> day. "Tbe Story of the Figott Letters'* 0* page 7. Bink Manager Salmon retires thfOngh 111! health. What does Henry George know abmt Moses? Ten-o'oIook-Hosaey retired at the last hootto rest. Five girls soloided at Moicow to avoid Siberia, English artists are cultivating the ooIooM market Two Australian natives have developed leprosy. Macelesfield has raise a sensational robbery. Mrs. Brow Potter oomee on the Queen* Birthday. The Government cannot exactly m Mr,' Hague's vote, Mr. Andrews served for y y rs In tht Civil Service. That Commercial Bank robbery oase Is not done with yet Untimely death of a young South Australian lawyer. The Bo.- 4 of Governors fixed the Minister for that £1,CC0, The Premier bong tambourine at tht Baptist Bazaar. ' If Gordon Is to be Tambourine will Jam<4 Bowe be Bones J PostmaEtsr- General Ralkes Is jealous of Australian Heaton. Every hobbyist wan to ride through the State aobool books. A well organized Bazaar, or ratbfi Industrial Exhibition. Frank Sawyer is drawing mnoh attentionH his recent movements. Another Stock statement abont tilt Attorney-Generalship. Melrose objeots to the land selected fof working men's blocks. Now,Doctor, ts young£Gordon going tf handle the tambourine ? Baptists won't mind the rain if the bazaal doesn't receive a damper, Jensen's Syndicate has found Ita way IntSthe Victorian Law Courts, Chance yet to get Mr. xoud'a reward for the conviotion of the thief. Weather Clerk eviden yd oes not intend to patronise tbe polo raoes. Henry George In Flinder -street Baptist- Church to-morrow evening. C3 Hie Premier had his eye on the Cabinet work at the Baptist Bazaar. A tambourine la a fitting etnunent for tbe Cockburn Surprise Party. "Raikes has elaln his thousands, and' Heaton hia tens of thousands." Immigration for the colonies Is unpopular as the Agents-General reoognise. Miss (Sara Smith tin most popular young lady at the Town Hall last night He liguot the Swann of Avon, tor FUndett would not " have'n" at any prioe. Another experienced banker will take the chief seat at the National, Adelaide. Snn rose at 6.14 a.m. < eats at 6.21 p.n>; Moon rose at noon ;sets at 10*88 p-m. The Hon. D. Munay has secured the right of purchase of some good pfotune for Adelaide. Will the oomspondsaoe to England be trebled by the adoption of the aheap rata of postage? So law- abiding are we that we oonld dispense with a few Judges and a host of lawyers. Leprosy is a disease to which Australian* an liable owing to the nearness of affected dlstriots. Mr. Gosohen's colonial gift will cost Ana^ tralasla between £60,000 and £50.000 ft year to accept Miss Clara Smith, of North Adelaide^, secured the highest number of votes on Frf* -day evening. The King can do no wrong. Ifcnntedtrooper King was discharged at the Port Police Coiftt. . „„„ It is solemnly asserted that the Broken Hill express has arrived In Adelaide pacotuall* onoe In two years. Say good-bye to the American Holley, wht • has made Broken HOI shareholders aa merry as maidens with Christmas mlstletoi Memorabilia—On Sunday, April 26, 1478.' then was something like a commotion In the City of Florence, for It waa on that day that - Lorenzo de Medici had a narrow esoape. from murder. This Is what that histrie* grapher has to say abeut it (—" Lorenzo de Medici, euraamed the' Magnificent, was the son of Peter, grandson of. Cosmo, and brother of GluUano HadloL' These two brothers, who enjoyed aon almost absolute power In Florence, were viewed with a jealous eye by.Ferdinand IV„ King of Naples, aad Pope Sixtus IV., at whose instigation the potent family of Pazd formed a oonspiraoy against .-the Medici lo. 1478, and Giuliano waa asustlnstort as h* was wohnded, attending but esoaped mass. with Lorenzo his life, was and waa alsa- conducted to his palaoe by the people with ' loud acclamations of joy. The Archbishop,. who became tbe tool of Pope Slxtas, for accomplishing *hls foul and Impious oonapiraoy, .was afterwards suspended-In! hie Pontiflcial robss from tbe window of hisjowi* sanctuary." -*4 Obituaries.—Pepa John H., the vigorous opponent of the Eutyehlana and Nestoriaos. quitted this life April 26, 535,— Pope Stephen IL dittoed April 26*. 767\. It was during the seven yeare that Bis Holiness filled the ohalr ef8t Peter that AstolphusvKiDg of the Lombards,having. msnaced the City of Rem* Pepin. King <2 the Franks, marohed into Italy and deprived Aitolphusof theexanhate of tbe prorinae of Ravenna and of aevefal dtles which he gave to the Pope, thus laying ftba foundation of the temporal Sovereignty el tha Church of Rome.—Kanten'e Niebohr was • Dane, a geographer, and a traveller, who died April 26,1816. In early life his pamta died. and he was driven by poverty tolabonrin the sun "as a farm servant but afterwards fertile liberality of a neighbour Niebuhr waa - enabled to study at the Dnlvenlty of GotBngen. He then joined a sdentifio expedition to Arabia as mathematiolas and geographwa travelled through Arabia,- BomW, Psisla. , and Asia Minor, retained to .Copenhagen with a valuable coUeotlea of notes *nl sketches, wbioh were edited end engraved al> tbe expense of the Danish Government 