THE ENGLISHING OF THE WORLD Professor Sehaff, of New York, devotes the first chapter? of his ' Literature and Poetry' to estimating the probabilities of 'English be coming tbe . world- language of the - future. ' The EngliBh,'he says, ' is taught as a regular branch of higher education is the best colleges and universities on the Continent of Europe, . in all . rAimnnrraal Wfi $8 rapidly gaining on the French. In Egypt it has ac| quired new strength. In Asia it follows the British sway and tne highways of commerce tn. the vast empire- o£ East- India, , -with its 200,000,000 Of lifohnmrnwiim inlia. bitants, who exhibita giywing degretp learn ^dsea^ports of - in a corrupt fbru*,: r Zi -is firmly.. TBriaMTBhefl. in Southern- Africa, . and extends every day with the widening British settlements of the Cape and'western coast, indnding Sierra Leone and labferia. It accompanies the British navy and merchant chips to the South Sea, aad must nltimatdy repiaoe the barbarous native dialects of Australia, New South Wales, Van Diemen'e Land, New Zealand, and the Poly nesian group of islands, as the natives become Christianised civilised. -The empire of Japan is fast getting Anglicised and Chris tianised. The has become the Court language. A New York publisher is shipping every year 50,000 American school- books for the schools of Japan. The English classics are daily read in countries of which Shakespeare and Milfcon never heard, and by mOlionB who but recently were ignorant of the very existence of England. If we look to- the American hemisphere, the same language prevails in all the British pos sessions of North America from the Atlantic to the Pacific, a territory of over three miTKnwg and four 'tinflrad thnnwunfl SQUare mileB and a population of about five millions, and increasing very rapidly by emigration. It prevails in the British West Indies and the Bermuda Islands. But what is still more im portant, the English is now, and must ever remain, the speech of the great Anglo Saxon 'Republic, from Maine to California, from the Northern Lakes to the Gulf of Mexico. Every other language, the Tndiftn dialects, the Spanish, the Dutch, the Danish, the Swedish, the French, and even the Ger man are being swept away by the irre sistible current of the English tongue. The German and- Scandinavian languages are gain ing in the first generation by constant immigra tion, but in the second or third generation they are losing ; while the English, without an act of tyranny or injustice to its neighbours, without any effort even, but by the mere silent power of its presence, is duly gaining upon mem,. The English is also the language of the ocean. It is bettor understood and more widely spoken than any other tongue on the ships which cross the Atlantic or Pacific, the Medi terranean, the Suez Canal, the Indian and Chinese Seas. Even on the Fjords of Norway and in the Gulf of Finland you will scarcely meet a captain that cannot fluently converse in English. The Samoan Conference, held last year at Berlin, between Germany, Great Britain, and the United States, marks a new departure in the preference given to English for diplomacy. Formerly the Latin was used in international conferences and treaties, and is still used by the Papal Court. Then the French took its place and kept it in all inter national conferences tQl 1876. But in the Samoan Conference, for the first time on the Continent of Europe, the English was exdu 8ivdy ased in the discussions and in the treaty — a significant fact for the future. The English race surpasses all others in. successful colonisa tion and commercial enterprise, and hence its language must inevitably become the chief organ of international communication. Well may we bid godspeed to the progress of the Anglo-Norman and Anglo- American tongue as the chief organ for the spread of Chrstian civilsation. Go forth, then, noble Saxon tongue,. And speed the happy time TVhea truth and rtghteoasness-sbsJl reign In every zone and dime ; 'When earth's oppressed and savage tribes Shall eease to pine and roam, Ml fnnfriit. to prize the words : Faith, Freedom, Heaven, and Home. Paris now possesses a fashionable hairdresser who promises to become as famous in local folk-lore as any of his predecessors who attended to the tonsorid requirements of great people in the past (.writes a Paris correspondent). This artist, who conducts his operations in a modest shop not far from the Opera- house, has eclipsed all ancient and modern coiffeurs in the supe riority of his mode of imparting a crisp, wavy, or undulating friz to ladies' locks. On thia account a new name will probably have to be added to the historical dictionary of the French Academy, for the rising hairdresser is called an ' Ondulateur, the old word friscur being altogetherinadequate to describe bis marvellous art m manipulating tresses. Most of the leading stage or salon beauties have already passed through the dexterous bands of the ' Ondulateur,' and he has even been called into requisition by dames of high degree in London. His shop in Paris is daily thronged, and rows of carriages are frequently to be seen outside the door of his small establishment, where he operates in' person, being careful not to commit the secret of his art oi 41 undula tion ' to any deputy or assistant who might be tempted to set up an opposition hairdressing j saloon on the Boulevards, and attract thither | some of the customers who pay him large sums i of money for his services. The Ondulateur ' ! is also his own cashier, and even in the dull season be is said to reap golden harvests. lowest charge for operating in his saloon is 8s,, and it is believed that in the season some of his fair customers offer so much as £8 in order to be the first in the ch&ir.; 