Binnies in the Isle of Man, Is " Surnames and Place-names of the Isle of Mau," Mr. Moore-a well-known Manx scholar-gives tho reader the benolit of his researches in an outlying region of'the eoienco of philology. He reminds us that the history of the Isle of Man falls natur- ally into three periods. Originally the island was inhabited exclusively by a Celtic people ; then followed the Viking invasions and the establish- ment of Scandinavian rule, and this in turn gave place to tho epoch of English dominion, when the island became open to immigration from Great Britain. Mr. Moore sayB that the Celtio influence, though weakened by Norse incursions, did not entirely cease' until association with England was finally established under the sway of the Stanleys. Indeed, so firmly were they interwoven with the life ot the people that the majority of the inhabi- tants of the Isle of Mau still spoke their native Celtic tongue until the aloso of tho eighteenth century.' Mr. Moore seeks by an appeal to anoient documentary evidence to determine the etymology of the personal nomenclature of the Isle of Man, as well as to indicate the districts in whioh parti- cular names appear to have hod their origin. Broadly speaking, surnames of Irish derivation from the largest class, though tho Scandinavian invasion is represented by a considerable number of surnames of Danish and Norwegian soúroe. In nearly every, case, however, those Scandinavian names have " undergone the kind of phonetio corruption which was inevitable when thoy had to pass through Celtic-speaking lips." Out of some 170 surnames whioh prevailed in tho Isla of Man at the beginning, of tho present century, OG per cent, were of Celtio origin, whilst upwards of 17 per cent, could be traced, more or less direotly, to the Vikings. An analysis of tho place-names of the Isla of Man reveals the fact that out of, in round numbers, 1500 names in use in the present day, 08 per cent, are purely Celtic, 0 por cont, are purely Scandinavian, whilo about G per oeut. are of mixed Celtio and Scandinavian origin. 