Sir Thomas Campbeli. has told a select committee of the House of Commons that if West Australia -were left to itself, and France or Germany attempted to annex it, the population of tho whole continent would resist it. "Wo might have a " struggle, hut I think we could get over " either France or Germany." This opinion was received, we are informed, with loud laughter, and would probably have been so welcomed in any average assemblage of well informed Europeans ; though not, we imagine, in the United States or Mexico. The common idea in England undoubtedly is that the Australian colonies, if they were detached from the mother country, might be disregarded or insulted by any second rate power, and that the less peopled parts of the Continent might be invaded and par titioned out by France or Germany or Russia. The grounds for this opinion are exceedingly plausible. .There is 110 doubt that if France chose to annex the northern part of West Australia we have no means of conveying troops there to oppose her. . Even if she were to seize and fortify Albany, it would be impossible to recover it by a march from the nearest inhabited parts of South Australia, except at a ruinous cost of men and money ; and by sea the French fleet would, of course, be supreme for many years after the English squadron was withdrawn. It would be a little more diiflcult for Germany to annex part of North Queensland, but then Ger many might rely on the sympathies of the numerous Germans who are already established in Queensland, and conhl land an army of German colonists, every one of them a trained soldier, upon the coast.. Napoleon used to argue tliat iu tho long run England could not he a match for France, because thirty millions of men were bound to be stronger than lifteeu millons. It cannot be said that Napoleon's ruin disproves his argument, for he was overwhelmed by superior numbers, and England would certainly have been within measurable distance of subjugation if she had ever lost the command of the sea at a time when the French armies were not embarrassed by any Continental war. If we assume, what is certainly true, that the French aud German armies liave a great advantage over our own forces in the possession of highly trained oiticers, and are not much inferior in the quality of their troops, the nation that has half a million soldiers to dispose of must have a verygreatadvantageovorthenation that lias only twenty or thirty thousand raw militia. Of course, the half million of men we speak of represents mainly a reserve, and not an effective army for war in a distant land. Still, if we assume France and Germany to agree that either should have a free hand in Australia in return for certain conces sions 011 the European Continent, such an agreement would liberate a body of thirty or even fifty thousand men for aggressive purposes. In the case of Russia, there wonld he absolutely no need for an agreement of any kind. Her resources in men are unlimited, and her ships of war are strong enough to protect her transports in carrying men, and to seal up the Australian harbors by an effective blockade. It is quite conceivable, too, that Russia might desire to establish her self upon this continent as a means of threatening Indin. In that case she Would spare 110 expense to achieve her object, Nay, more, if the old alliance of France and Russia were revived, the two powers might combine to parcel out a dominion in the West and North of Australia. : ' We take it to be indisputable that these considerations are true and weighty ; and yet a thoughtful politician may" perhaps come to the conclusion that Sir Thoma9 Campbell was perfectly justified in saying that Australia left to herself' could get over either FranoeorGerinany. Weliaveadmittcd in the fullest manner that we have no fleet or army worth mentioning, and that ive are separated hy many hundred miles of desert from the nearest and most important part of 'West' Australia. We should undoubtedly 'have to look on while Albany was fortified, or tho Northern Territory seized and formed into a French or German dependency. Meanwhile, we should have the right to increase our forces to any conceivable amount, and to carry existing railways to any point we chose. The German conscription in war time is at the rate of 120,000 men to the million of population. We have more adult males in proportion to women and children than. Germany, and could therefore raise larger levies ; but even if we assume that we only raised upon the German scale, we should have an army of 360,000 in all,' large enough to protect our coasts, to detach 100,000 men for active operations, and to provide a sufficient reserve. Within two years these men could be drilled and dis ciplined np to the European level; and within the same period also we could have carried' railways to within a hundred miles, at least of any point occupied by the enemy. We know, and "France knows to her cost, what the experience of a nation waging wars at a distance from the base of operations is. Mexieo ie very much nearer to'Ma'rseilles than Albany ; the Mexican soldiers have no very high reputation ; their generals at the time of Maximilian's usurpation had no organised government or resources ; and the Chnrch and a part of the people were against them. Nevertheless, the Mexican troops inflicted a severe check upon the French at Puebla, and divided the posses sion of the country, except on the line from Vera Cruz to Mexico, till such time as the French were com pelled to withdraw. The French experience in Cochin China against a weaker enemy, but in a worse climate, was even more unsatisfactory. Therefore, if France de signed to hold Albany or any portion of the continent, she would unquestionably require to prevent the Australian colonies from arming ; that is, to exhaust them by a series of separate attacks, till they made peace on her own terms. Now a war of this kind wonld be so serious that it is difficult to suppose the French people allowing any Administration to engage in it. There is no doubt that the French fleet could inflict a great deal of. loss and annoyance at first, and could land troops who might gain a victory, and perhaps menace or occupy an individual capital. Still it would take time to do all this. Long before it was done every part of Australia would team with levies ; and as the whole force would be available against an army of occupation, that army would soon he shut up in a town or forti fied lines, and would he fortunate indeed if it could escape a capitulation. The aggressive power, which we have assumed to be France because it has the stronger fleet, wonld find that it had only called out the military spirit in a young nation, which would henceforth pursue it with an inexorable enmity. It would expose itself to active reprisals whenever it was involved in war with any other Power, and unable to detach a powerful fleet for the protec tion of its interests in the South Atlantic or the Pacific. One small point deserves to he noticed. It is the pleasant delusion oi Englishmen that they foster and protect the colonies, and especially Australia, out of a pure spirit of benevolence, and though these communities are a heavy drain on the Imperial Treasury. Now it is quite true that we do not pay taxes to the British Exchequer, or exempt British goods from Custom dues, or set aside Crown lands for pauper immigrants. Still we render an incalculable service to Great Britain by peopling a continent with allies and friends which, if it had been left as No Man's Land, wonld long ago have been bristling with foreign garrisons. Let us again put the case that Russia should try to annex the Northern Territory, and ask whether any English Ministry would dare to let an aggressive and faithless Power he within striking distance of Calcutta and Singa pore. The day, not very far distant, when it is known that we shall be able to support England in a time of real need, will double the British grip upon India ; and contrariwise, if Russia had a fleet and a garrison at Port Darwin, she might advance by fixed marches upon the Indus. Do not let our English friends mistake the position. It is very nice of them to feel disinterested, but their interest in keeping aliens out of Australia is only second to our own. So again, it is veiy natural of them to think that we can only. stand .by English support. We do not \mdervalue it, and we know it ' saves us a good deal of cost and some tem porary risk j but our first and last trust is in ourselves. Is there a recognised code of morals for public life which is distinct front and <?t variance with the ordinary rules of morality that regulate private conduct? Or, to present the problem in a concrete form, Is a statesman justified in com mitting' a breach of the moral law for public purposes which would consign him to the well merited contempt of society if it were done .for individual ends? The question is suggested by a cablegram which we pnblished a few days ago, to the offset that the distinguished traveller and Orientalist, M. Vambery, had written to the Times, recommending that Russia should be treated as a country which had put herself in a sort of moral quarantine outside the usual courtesies of diplomatic life by her systematic perfidy and treachery, and warning Lord Salisbury that no re liance. ought to l>e placed npon the most solemn promises or engage ments of her statesmen and politicians. The natural inference from this severely reprohationary language is that M. Vamlriry is of opinion that it is possible to carry on the international relations of modern Europe on the principles of the Sermon on the Mount, and that in spite of the ancient dictum, that an ambassador is a man of honor sent abroad to lie for his country, no respectable diplomatist nowadays ever thinks of saying what he does not mean, or meaning what he does not say, in his intercourse with the representatives of a foreign court ; or else that he wishes us to believe that the Czar is a liar of such exceptional magnitude that it is necessary to relax tho moral code in his favor. Of course we have no difficulty about coming to a conclusion as. to the correct interpretation to be put 'on his sentiments. Even a Bishop would not insist that the Gospel should take the place of Grotius at the Foreign Office, and that Lord Salisbury should wear his heart 011 his sleeve whenever he came into official communication' .with M. De Giers. One distinguished prelate of the Angli can Chnrch, indeed, has gone so far as to intimate that in his opinion anyone who would seriously maintain such a proposi tion is "only fit for a lunatic asylum." " is " it possible for the State to .carry out " the precepts of Christ -which inculcate " for example non-resistance, inexhaust- " ible forgiveness and unlimited benevo- " lence ? Can the Htate, that is to say, "disband its army, burn its ships " of war, abolish its courts of justice, " pull down its gaols, dismiss its police, " bestow its revenues on all who ask for " them, and yet continue to exist as a " State ?" asks the Bishop of Peterborough in the course of a controversy which lie lias roused about his ears by venturing to say that he ; does not think tho proposi tion worth arguing. What he means to imply is that the State, any more than the individual, cannot be expected to take the Decalogue in its literal sense, and that a society which should attempt to do so would certainly land itself in chaos and darkness. The soldier is justified in taking life, notwithstanding the Sixth Command ment ; and Mrs. Gallanbile may eat hor boiled chicken and apple tart on Sunday withaclearconscience inspiteof theFourth. It is significant of the vacillations of the theological mind when it is swung to and fro between dogma and expediency, however; that disposed as he is to compromise the Bishop of Peterborough will not allow to the State, or what is the same thing to its> rulers, other moral concessions that are equally indispensable to its preserva tion and good order. " As the indi- " vidual may not lie nor steal," he says, " so neither may the State. It " may not in the interests of its citizens " plunder the property of other States, "or lie' to them, or take advantage "of them in any way." According to this dictum-Canning and his colleagues, who did both when, in 1807, they seized nnd carried off the Danisii fleet to prevent it falling into the haloids of Napoleon, in spite of their protestations to the Danish ambassador, are Unpardonable" offenders in tliesightoi tiie Bishop ; while Lord Malmes- bury, who resigned the Foreign Office rather than he a party to tho transaction, behaved as a true gentleman and patriot should have done. ' To let his Son state his position : — My father did not long remain at his new post, as the insincerity of politics was little suited to his susceptible feelings of morality and honor, and he told me the chief, reason of his resigna tion was the affair in 1807, when we seized the Danish fleet tu prevont Napoleon from doing so. When this wise but high handed measure was determined upon, he had to keep the Danish Minister in London ignorant of his intentions ; but as the poor man suspected them, and was in the most nervous state, calling daily at the Foreign Office, Mr. Canning used to refuse to see him, and banded him over to my father, whose ditty it was to conceal, and even to deny, our designs. And yet it would have been very easy to show that if every Foreign Minister had been as scrupulous as Lord Malmesbury, not only might the existence of Great Britain have been sacrificed, but the whole of Europe might have been delivered into the hands of a despot and man of war, to whom the blood of a million, or ..two of soldiers, . as ' he said in one of his confidential moments, to Metter- nich, was only so much water to slack the fever of his ambition. Lord Malmesbury's squeamishness may liave the approval of a strict moralist of the Quaker type, but even the Bishop of Peterborough cannot excuse it if he would be consistent ; for it is obviously better for humanity that a Minister of the Crown should meet fraud with fraud and employ an dolus au virtus to circumvent the enemies of his country rather than imperil its existence. Lord Malmesbury himself for tlmt matter occupied a thoroughly irrecon cilable position in the business, for while lie figures as the devotee of uncom promising truth, he does so at the expense of the lives and properties of his fellow citizens by aiding and abetting the designs of a-wholesale murderer of his species. But the fact is, consistency in prac tice is impossible under a system which can only.be worked on the principle that the end justifies the means, and in which one of the "means is dis simulation. It is all vety right and proper for a Bishop to say that neither for public nor private ends ought any Christian man to tell a lie-; but how many lies are current which are consecrated by the sanc tion of society.; or how many excellent people practise Jesuitry in their daily intercourse with each other who never heard of. Dr. Liguori and his mannal of pious casuistry? Does not Archdeacon Paley inventa satisfactory defence for. the use of the formula, "Not at home," which is considered so indispensable to the comfort of the most upright household ; and did not another dignity of the Church, tho Reverend Sidney Smith, find it agreeable ' to the stuff o' his oon- " science " not only to deny to1 his bosom friend, Lady Holland, that he was the author of Peter Plymlcj/'s Letters, but to try and fasten them on Sir Samuel Romilly and Mr. Horner ? It would he easy to swell the record by the examples of other dis tinguished sinners in this line — by Southey, who declared that lie did not write The Doctor by S. T. Coleridge, who stole whole lines verbatim from Milton and would not acknowledge it when De Quincey challenged him ; and by Sir Walter Scott, who,- on being taxed by tho . publisher (Murray) with being the author of Old Mortality, actually offered to write, a review of it in the Quarterly in order to satisfy him that he was not. We do not know what the Bishop of Peterborougli would say to all -this; but if authors may practice the snggestio falsi and the siippressio vcri merely .to please their own vanity without in any way losing caste, we fancy that it will take a great deal more than lie has advanced to convince his countrymen that the Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs may not palter with the truth or employ wiles and artifices to discover and defeat the Emperor of Russia's designs on India, without doing irremediable damage to his credit as a num. In saying this much in extenuation of the faults of Russian diplomacy, we have no intention of entering the lists against M. Vaiuhery on behalf of the Russian character for honesty and straight-for wardness. But' generalisations of the kind lie indulges in ' iinvc a .strong temptation for people who liave a per sonal or party bias to gratify or a repu tation for critical insight to keep up, and it is liecessary that they- Bhould be well supported by evidence before tliey pass into currency. . It does not follow that the Cretans were liars above all other men because St. Paul called them so, or that the French people are more given over to the lusts of the Flesh because it pleased that artist in phrases, the late Matthew Arnold, to say tiiat they had adopted the Goddess of Lubricity as their tutelary Genius. To be sure M. Zola's novels have secured a great number of readers on account of his inimitable skill as much as anything elso, but as Max O'Rell, who ought to know tho tastes of his country men, reminds us, they fall very far short Qf the popularity obtained .by Erck- man- Chatrian, Edmund About,- Gus tavo Droy and Georges Ohnet, whoso works have reached two and three hundred editions, and yet do not contain an objectionable line. Unfortunately for the Russian character, however, M. Vainb6ry can adduce Russian authorities without nnmber to show that liis criticism is not b bit overstated, and that Russia is several degrees lower in' the ' scale of morality than the restof theciviiised world as low as Gartliage when her Pini.ica Fides passed into a proverb with all who had dealings with her. These authorities have recently been placed in the witness" box against her in a series of very copious articles in the Fortnightly Review by Mr. Lanin, an old resident of St. Petersburg; and a more scathing indictment against a nation has not been published since Juvenal laid hare the ulcers that infested Roman Society- under the Ciesars. Mr. Lanin allows the Russians to draw a picture of themselves by simply quoting from the newspapers and official reports which reflect their daily life, and the result is that we cannot raise our eyes without seeing the signs of national demoralisation every where—open corruption in the Courts, nepotism in the Army, a Bar in which there is no code of honor, a Mercantile class whose. rogueries- are a by-word in every market - in Europe, and to crown all a Government which employs knaves abroad the bettor to pacify the insatiable greed of the knaves at home, and a Public that is insensible -to the disgrace of having its degradation exposed to the world because it is utterly unconscious of being degraded. It is impossible to do full justice to the fidelity of Mr. Lanin's paint brush, lmt a few samples will -show that in ethics as in politics, in private life as in public, the Emperor Alexander is the ruler of a community that is intellectually and morally as much. behind its contemporaries as were the subjects of Peter the Great. Even the press, venal as it is, occasionally allows itself to admit the impeachment. Thus one of the Government organs says " The " main evil of Russian society is that it " suffers from complete, absolute dis"- " soluteness, recognises 110 moral discipline, "aud lias practically emancipated itself " from duty ;" and a writer in another — . I hnve often conversed on tho subject of theft with men who are absolutely honest ; but even they never once expressed that repugnance to lying which characterises the way of thinking of civilised people. An epically calm tone, smiles and laugliter at the description of thievish con duct and nt what they consider tho ludicrous position of the victims of the theft, nnd a rap turous raising of the voice when detailing the deftness of the robber— that is all that I have observed during Buch conversations. It must bo remembered that these opinions are all approved by the Government censor before they are made public ; and indeed Officialdom itself is not slow to con firm them when it cannot help it. For instance, in the Report issued by the council of the St. Petersburg Bar for the year ending in March, 1888, consisting of 113 pages, 88 are taken up with the enume ration of the disciplinary pains and penal- tics inflicted en famillc upon members of the Bar for misconduct. If we ask in what this misconduct consists, the Report answers " in irregularities in money " matters between them and their clients ; " in insults offered to their clients, their " opponents, their colleagues ; in the " breach of the professional duties of a " lawyer ; in desertion to the side of their clients' ojiponents ; in acts of fraud, such 41 as abuse - of confidence, operations 44 injurions to the financial interests "of. their clients' creditors," &c.-; The judges are of a piece with the advocates. 44 In the public Courts," Bays the Grasch- dan in, " justice is administered, or rather 44 sold, and the court purchased. ... If 44 ypu have recourse to the rural court3 with- 44 out treating the judges to vodka, were " your case incarnate justice and as spotless 44 as the driven snow, it will become as 44 black as a coal. Right will be found 44 on the side of the gallon of spirits." As for the commercial reputation of the country, Professor Ki tarry, in his lectures on commerce, thus characterises his countrymen 44 Extortion and fraud have " become the flesh and blood of the Russian " trading class — to such an extent, indeed, 44 that an honest man cannot remain in that 44 calling ; lie will he inevitably seduced in 44 the long run, and little by little will 44 himself become a model, for others." This judgment is supported by the Reports of the Russian Legations in Brussels and other centres, all of which Mr. Lanin quotes : — In Brazil Russian canvas for sails is being 44 boycotted," while the French and English material is eagerly purchased, because 44 con scientiously" prepared. In Belgium Russian timber has no chance in the competition with Norwegian, Swedish, Hungarian for the same reason. As to flax, any quantity of it would, we are officially assured, be accepted gladly if only honestly sorted and sold. " At present,, however, adds the .-Russian representative,- m his latest report to his Government, in _ the cases containing flax from Russia you can almost alwuri3 find stones, -old ropes, &e.;, which add greatly to the weight and spoil the quality of the merchan dise. It is owing to this fraud thai Hussion flax fetches only half the price of the inferior qualities of the Belgian article." Official com plaints on this head have been received by tho Russian authorities from Lille, Leeds, Dundee, and other European cities, much as they used to bo received from the Hanseatic cities of the fourteenth century. Even Russian eggs in England fetch 40 per cent, less than eggs from other countries of the Continent, merely because, being Russian, they are believed to be everything else which this fatal word implies. Nothing seems too dangerous to tempt tiie cupidity of the trading classes, or too dishonorable to shock their moral sense : A well known merchant of Kioff thought it merely a clover stroke of policy to bribe all the telegraph messengers to bring him every tele gram addressed to the business men in whoso speculations lie was interested. He paid one rouble per telegram, and having read, copied and resealeil them, ho sent them to tho consignees atid used the information thus acquired for bis ownends. He profited by this trustworthy source of information for two years, and would proba bly have continued to profit by It till his death had the conspiracy not been discovered— by the merest accident. Tho Exoliange Com. mittee of Odessa— a body of men obliged by the trusted position which they occupy to he .wi all considerations of a sordid imtme— wsi foTj to quote the fluctuations of Russian fu,„- inaccurately as to cause bitter complaint-. t„ h. made by tho press as well as by the rciire- .-n-A tives of commerce. A year and 11 half njm-\ official request was addressed to the of,,,,-.. responsible, reminding them that their dntv 'i! to announce the quotations correctly ,T spcelire of Jie coimdiralion whether a'uilmd,/', interests arc axtctcd thereby." - -r' Want of space alone prevents us ,.ou filling in the portraiture which Mr. Laniira skilful pen draws for us ; but that millions of men and women should be all unc-un- seiously wallowing in such an ocean of moral ooze is, as he says, one of the most dreadful spectacles that modern history offers to our gaze, and M. Vambdry need's no other justification of his propyl to put the Corps Diplomatique of the Empire in Coventry than is afforded by a single glance at it. 