ïïht Stisbfttte Conrór. WEDNESDAY, OCTOÈÈÊ Sir, J,??; THERE was yesterday a flutter in the dovecots of the Legislative Council, which are generally the scene of undisturbed calm. When the debato on the Dividend Tax Bill was resumed by the Leader of tho Opposition in the Upper. House, he raised again the bogus cry that it was meant not only to tax dividends, but the salaries of managing directors and other officials of public companios. It were difficult to understand how such a misapprehension of the terms of tho bill, or the principles on which it is founded, could have been made by a mind so acute as that of Mr. Thynne ; and it surely did not require the repeated assurances of the Solicitor-General and the Hon. "W. H. Wilson that it was as far from the intention of tho Government as from a fair interpretation of the measure to tax salaries and wages. Hard, indeed, was it to decide whether the Leader of the Opposition in tho gilded Chamber was finical or facetious. Perhaps there was a spice of both moods in his somewhat strained criticism. It was astounding for a member of a Government which had pro- posed a property tax with sundry exemp- tions to complain that the exemption of mining companies for " dead work" might in the most objectionable way lead to tho imposition of a tax at tho discretion of a Minister, and open the way to cor- ruption. Again, ho contended that the returns which managers of financial institu- tions would havo to make would redttco tlie respect of persons for statutory declarations, and for oaths. Probably lie lind in view the bundles of affidavits which aro lodged in almost every process in our courts. But that asido, his allegation was not very complimentary to tho uprightness of the business men of the community or to tho moral stamina of tho directors of limited liability companies. Dividonds paid by public companies are very easily ascertainablo, and false and fraudulent returns would speedily be detected. But Mr. Thynno's tonder regard for the sanctity of statutory declara- tions and oaths carno with rather a limping grace when the memory was fresh of his full responsibility for a property tax which in America is noto- riously tho paront of perjury, and tho foster parent of dishonesty. And it was straining after tho shadow of an argument to say that a tax on the very largo profits made by insuranco companies would create a system of "loading" lives in Quoonsland. Wo have shown time and again that tho very worst that could befall tho small tax of 1 per cent on insuranco premiums would bo a slight diminution of the amount of bonus paid at the death of tho person insured, and it would then becomo a species of modified succession duty. It is generally known that none of the great insurance companies soriously object to the dividend tax. Indeed, thoy will bo mulcted under it in loss than half tho sum they would havo paid under the proporty tax, and which they now pay in Now Zealand. "We do not find that tho lives of persons who aro iusurod in New Zealand aro by any big company like tho A.M.P. Society .* loaded " because of tho proporty tax levied there. It must bo confessed that other hon. gentlemen woro content to ox press their dislike to tho dividend tax without, liko tho West Indian Judge, of whom Lord Palmerston used to tell the story, giving reasons for their condemnation. Some would havo preferred an income tax, most concoivod that tho best way to raise money and save their pockets was by tho sale of | land. All woro agreed that money must bo got somehow " to keep tho Governmont going." All, that is, except Mr. Thynne, who by implication saw no necessity for tho continued existence of tho Ministry, or j for assisting them to rodress tho balance of | rovonuo and expenditure. Ho caused some- thing liko a sensation whon ho moved that tho Dividend Duty Bill bo road that day six months. An attempt to throw out tho financial proposals of the Governmont is a thing unheard of in tho annals of tho Upper IIouso, and it is no wonder that tho plan raised a buzz of excitement, and that thoro was a hurrying to and fro of anxious Ministers and oarnost consultations in lobbies and committeo rooms. Tho suggestion was oithor an ill timed joko, or if it vvnsmunnt soriously it was a rovolt from the frequently expressed declara- tion of tho hoads of the party with which Mr. Thynne is usually identified, that there was no intontion to adopt a courso which would imperil tho present existonco of tho Government. Mr. Thynno must havo known that as leader of tho party which is understood to command a majority in tho Upper House, if ho pressed his iiiiioiiilment to a division und carried his followers with him, ho would prccipittito ti political crisis, tho resignation of tho Ministry, and an appeal to the country. Tho Dividend l>nty Bill, ns tho Solicitor-General, in his syiiritod roply to tho Loader of tho Opposi- tion said, is one of tho cardinal points of | tho financial policy of tho Government, and thoy could not recodo from it. Thoro could bo no getting over that fact. Tho Chiof I Secretary and tho Treasurer hud "another place" put it plainly beforo Parliament and tho country. And assuredly, apart from other and largor considerations on which it is needless now to dwell, it was a tactical error of judgment to tako any action tho logical ofloct of which must havo been the resignation ol tho Cabinet at a timo whon tho Governor is absout from tho colony. Mr, Thynno apparently became convinced of this, and that ho hud gono far onough in indulging his facetious mood hy tho scare which ho hud caused in tho nodulo ranks of lion. Councillors on both sides of | tho House, for ho allowed his amendment to bo.nogativod on tho voices, and tho second fading of the bill to bo carriod without dissont. Tho nocossity of making botter progress in tho Uppor IIouso with busiuos6 was acknowledged bv the Hou. W. I H. Wilson proposing that the Council j tako an extra sitting day in the week,' Tlie reference of the Audit Act Amendment Bill to a Select Committeo-a course of pro- cedure without precodont in bills of this class for tho past thirteen years-is another illustration of how business is delayed, we hardly like to say obstructed. Tlie alteration in the law provided for by the Audit Act Amendment Bill is wise, its desirableness lias been admitted by the leaders of both parties for many years, and the present is a peculiarly fitting time for the imposition of a complete Parliamentary chock on all expenditure. The subject is not difficult ; no evidenco that can possibly be token by a Solect Committee can throw '"-M on the proposed reform than more «8.. ^ - , ...;n" 0 brief second could have been shea uu..." - . .* tjj0 reading debate. It is to bo hoped tin.. »_ labours of tho Select Committee will ho in- continently discharged, and the measure ac- cepted without too much cavil. FEW members are moro prone than Mr. Powers to burrow in the more or loss musty records of the past with the object as he conçoives of convicting opponents of incon- sistency. His mind is warped by the mechanical legist's roverenco for pre- cedent. He forgots that the soienco of jurisprudence was never at so low an ebb as when courts submitted to be bound hand and foot by the decisions of men as long since dust as their methods were rusty. Moreover, the scienco of the interpretation of law is as different from that of tho creation of law as tho art of growing corn is from that of baking bread. In politics tho only inconsistent man as Mr. Gladstone once said in answer to a chargo of chango of opinion, is ho who is consistently con- sistent. He rejects the lessons of expe- rience, he is stagnant in the midst of change, he anchors himself in self-conceit, refuses to go with the curront of new thought, and pays no regard to the ferment all round of progressive idoals, Tho mem- ber for tho Burrum yestorday wearied the Legislative Assembly and dolayod public businoss in ordor to move tho adjournment of the Houso, and road voluminous extracts from " Hansard," which ho fondly con- ceived were proof positivo that Sir S. W. Griffith was inconsistent, and had sacri- ficed his principles to keep a coalition Ministry togothor. This sweeping state- ment was based on what Mr. Powors called tho new policy inaugurated by the Govern- ment of village sottleinont by auction. Tho epigram is smart, but bomohow it piorccd the hand that mado it, for subsequent dis- cussion disclosed that tho so-called now policy was initiated by Mr. Powers's lato colleague the ox- Minister for Lands. An old timber reservo in tlie Isis Scrub of 680 acres is about to bo cut up into 40-acro blocks and sold by auction. It is within two "miles of a railway which has no vor paid working oxponses, and tho lato Minister for Lands thought that as tho land would bring from £2 to £5 per nero if sold it was botter thus to disposo of it, and mako the adjacent land pay somothing towards tho cost of the railway, than to throw the area opon to selection at half-a-crown an acre. In this opinion tho present Ministor for Lands agreod, and thoroforo ho has not counter- manded the directions of his predecessor as to tho arrangoinout for tho salo. The ovor tempting thornes of land sales and land leasing having boen opened in this irregular manner, enthusiasts on either sido rushed in to air at groator or less length, and for probably tho hundredth timo, their pot theories. On tho ono hand, tho advocates of closo scttlomont condemned all land sales as only an oncom agcment to speculators and capitalists who bought in oulei to roahso on tho unearned mcromont and not to utihso tho land to tho host adv antago Theso gontlomon, hovvovor, overlooked their own lato good woik m granting local authoiitios powir to tax tho capital values of land to a vol) considerable extent-i pioccbs which will compel owners to mako tho host uso of it, and render it utterl\ unpiohtablo to hang on to tho soil without realising on its utilities On tho othoi hand, mon hko Mi Poikins and Mi O Sullivan soi/cd tho oppoi hunty ot doliveun¡, a homily on tho blessodness of tho btati getting rid of tho too simple of tho public cstato m oidoi to giatity the natuuil instinct of man to biiomo possessod oi a portion ot tho em th s ernst vv Inch ho moy call his \eiy own, and that the State might bo in a position to tax it it nccessui) Neithei sido wo dare saj mado any ion voits, but it docs seem ludtcious that liouis should havo bion bpent by tho poople s representatives lnvvouving ovoi tho salo b) auction or the selection by ballot of OtfO aires out of tho WO millions ot anos winch aro at tho disposal of the Statt Ono noticoablo point in this as in othoi Httmlai deb iles is tho apparent giowth of opinion that outsido lauds oi what Mi Donaldson tailed guiding lands should bo sold m oulei to reduio tho dehnt m the 'lioasmv while aguiultiuul lands should bo resoncd tor boliction bj desnablo class of tanning lmuugiants 01 a native jconiani) "Ui I'ovveis ivontuallv withdrew his motion tor adjournment and tho siiond reading of tho bupiimo Cotut Costs Bill was moved by tho ( hut Sure tan lins bill will piaitnall) restore an old law that, except in coi tam bpiulied cabes, no tosts should follow actions ni tho Supremo Comt wheio the amount involved is iilO and niuloi-ti law nbiogutid bj rules mado bv tho Judncs undu tho iuihiuttire \ct I ho ligal reforming /ml ot Mi Poweiswasso lu uatititd bv tho small beginnings tit tho cleansing ot tho ligul Augotin Bttible but hu mado lion lnombeis shiver at tho threat that ho intondod to movo as aniondmtnts to the bill all oi maily all tho ilausis of his own nboitivo nioasuriB Asa toiotisto ho was pi ot eui mg to read intciiutniblo instantes ot tho vwekednoss ot solmtois in i nuning np oxponscb in loiupulsot) li initiations ot iiiimnf, compimn s beloio waidiu stoints whon ho v\ is pulled up shott h\ Mi bpiaku limo was ono gunn ol vvhoit in Mi 1 owns« bindii 1 ol olmll Hu last ilatuo in tho ( hiot Sioiolai) s lull pi o vides that nnv piutv to a mattci before a ludgo sitting ml hamlin s nui) require it to bo ad]0iumd into tonit lins would bu ot little uso as sohntors would not tare o ask tho matu i to bo adjotiined into touit 'J ho Hilo should bo and herein wo au co with the momboi foi tliüHunuiu that ivei) contostod niattoi should bo hoard in opon couit and only loi mai 01 non ion Usted taimes bo heiud in Chambois Tho Tramways Act Amendment Bill and tho Pastoral Leases Extension Bill were road a second time without much comment, and then tlie House got into Committee of Supply. A good deal was said about the Agent-General and his evidence on Queens- land as a field for immigrants given before the Select Committee of the HOUBO of Commons, but discussion was deprecated by the Chief Secretary until receipt of the full report. Tho delay in the receipt of the roport is inexplicable, seeing that a full digest of the Imperial " Hansard" has been for some time in the colony. On the immigration vote complaint was made about the treatment of the immigrants by the wrecked Dacca and of the quality of tlie domestic servant immigrants. Another of those scandalous scones to which unhappily our Parliament 1 venerated took place-tho offenders has u.0 .»i, an(j Griaaaey-anri jt being Mosers, »ruy..- . _ - ..",. that tho was felt by the candid onloo»», - ., sooner the session can be brought to f. Closv. the better it will be for our legislative fair fame. Mr. Sayers marked his discontent with the immigration service by moving the reduction of the vote by £8500, but he only found a supporter in Mr. Glassey, and the vote was carried by 87 to 2. Thereafter progress was reported. The Legislative Coujncil sitting yesterday was of moro than usual inteicst It became .known that an attempt would probably bo made to shelve the Dividend Duties Bill, and tlipre was a large attendance of lion members On tho resumption of the debate on the second reading of tho bill Mr Thyaino moved as an amend- ment that the bill be lead a second time that day six months lho debato winch followed was of a spirited dun actor, and Mi Byrnes, Solicitor Goneial, warned tho Chamber that the bill was an essential part of tho lmanciaL pioposals of tho Government and that they would not abandon it f ho statement clearly meant that tho Government vvonld resign in the evpnt of the U{ppor House rojeoting the measure Tho general tone of the debato was adverse to the bill as an abstract matter, but fa vom ablet to it as an expedient Tho second reading was agrcod to on tho voices, sonic hon inombors asking that a division should not lio takon, as they did not wish to voto for ii» and on the other hand would not do anything to embarias3 the Go voimiicnt Work in tho Logt<äaii\o Council grow 3 heavier as tho session prwgiosses, and Mi W. H Wilson yoBtorday gave notico that he would to day move that, unices otheivviso oidered, the Chambei will meet on Thursdays, at tho usual hour Tho Chamber* sat last ovonmg after tea, but tho sitting only lasted ten minutes A somovvhat novel incident occuricd in tho Legislative Connell josteiilav At a quarter to (1 o clock Mi Macdonald V etcraon, who had not spoken 011 lho Dividends Duty Bill, moved the adjournment of tho debute Mi W II Wilson, tho Lcadoi of (ho ¿3ov eminent, objected to the adjournment, stau.*ig that if thero wcro any bon monjibois doyurous of speaking tho Houso might b ft after tea\ On tho motion foi adjournment b nng put tho Piesi dont on the \01cos said, ".! think fe he not contonts havo it" Mi Macdonald Piitoison litibcd no objection to tina, but Mi Hoi bolton was tmdoistood to say "Divide" Tho'l'icsi dent's ntteivuon was ca'led to tho ojac5la tion, but Mr llolborton ioho und said ho wished to withdraw his call for a division, bl It Mi Mocdontild Patoison objected lho Pn»Rident then asked did tho Chamber, consent ki tile vvithdiavval of tho call, andf thore bei og no ansvvoi, ho saul, ' Silence RP os consent,'* and pioccedcd to put tho motion for tho si'coml leading of tho hill Mi Macdonald Patiirsou was not hovvovei, to bo thvWutcd, and a latVioi , unpLasint poMiij,i at ttinirf with tho Piesidpnt endued Mi Macdonald Piitoison booking iys lovongoby movmg the adjejuniment of tho de bato wlion the motion foi tho second leadu »g was put On this a division was taken, and b y tho timo tho teilen had locoided the vote 1 it was past li o clock rho Picsidout thon lett tho chair, saying ho would lesttmo at 7 pin On 10! nilling, thoio was a thin houso, and Mr Macdonald Pateison not boing piesont the only «peech made was by Mr L B Tonest, wlu spoko for a few minutes, and tho second leading of tho bill then pushed without division« Mi Macpherson cal is »d a laugh in the Legislativo Council yoijterday whon ho gave notice that ho would in OMI at the nott sitting of tho House for permission to bung in a bill to ainond tho law lolating te» tho lomuiieiation of solicitor llicio was a fanlv laige atteiulimco of nienibois when tho Legislativo Assembly met yostei day and thetn scorned to bo a prospect of a ( ood deni of woik being overtaken dining the afternoon, so as to poitmt of the House gom¿ into Committeo of Supply, as was liiU-nilod, at 7 o clock A motion foi adjoinnmont, howevei, lind tliocffcctotcftttsingugood poition of thotimo to bo taken up ma ^unoial ducussion on tho land question Hie eoutontiocr on the pint of some N01 Ihoi 111 opiesentutives la H week that tho desno foi sopaintion was notsoe,r eat as several of thosofinouiablo to the protect ti 11 id to make out, rocilved suppoit by tho piosontation by Mi \\\ nublo of petitions fiom uaident* 111 tho Hoi belton and Iivinebank diatucts, who at any lute ino of opinion that tho dismctaiboimont of tho colony will not bo fqr itrt gonoial .advantage Mi Little and Mi Morgan handod iii petitions from bihools of Aits in thou respootivo dis tricts in favoui of tho oontmu imoo of ondovv monts to theso institutions TJho reply tuon to Mi OoldmiR by thoMnnstcji forLVmils , with regard to the seleetion of sites for Agri- ' oultural Colleges and experimental farms was somewhat similar to that vouchsafed to other members who have asked queries on- the same subject. The member for Flinders has the satisfaction of knowing that when the matter, comes on for consideration by the Ministry, the claims of Hughenden will not be lost sight of. The Minister for Bailways stated, in reply to the member fpr Burrum, that the Government had no intention of proceeding this year with the permanent survey of the Mungari' Railway from Mount Shamrock to Gayndah; and that it was quite true that the Land Board declined to open the agricultural lands between these two places until the route of the line had been decided upon. The proposal of the Ministry to dispose of certain lands in the Isis Scrub by auotion formed the subject of the motion for adjourn- ment by the member for Burrum. The lands, it appears, are of unusually good quality, and eminently suitable for agiicultural purposes. They are situated within a comparatively short distance of railway communication, and conse ."ntly the demand for farms is very keen. Mr~Pbwer» Hs' in the intere8ts of his con- stituents, made sevferJ «ndeavo.ura1 *> 6et «><"* lands thrown open to seleollflwi?.8««« of bein8 offered for sale. The late MinisCfr for Lands, when interviewed on the matter, «»ve no assurance that the contemplated, sale >v9,ul>d i>° stopped, and the present Ministry1 decided that the gale should be allowed to proceed. Mr. Powers pointed to the fact that the two village settlements already established in that district had been a great success, and used this aa a proof that the lands in question could not be better utilised than in giving more small farmers opportunity to settle there. He thought that in this matter the head of the Government had sacrificed the principles he had previously held OB to placing people on the land, backing up" what he gave expression to regarding this by numerous ex- tracta from "Hansard" and speeches made outsido of the Assembly by Sir Samuel. Mr. Cowley explained the circumstances leading up to the decision of the Slinistry to offer the land for sale instead of for selection. It would fetch at the auction mart from Í3 to £5 per acre, and it was, in his opinion, only /air that land which had benefited by th* construction of a Eftilway ought to pay the cost of building it. The discussion which followed was very general in character. The member for Stanley coula not understand why peoplo who wished to set\le on the land should be banished to distriots'ÍM removed from railways, where they could onl,,v manage to earn a modest livelihood in consequetwe of not having the proper means to get their froduce to market. Th« old matter of mak^'g land- orders transferable waa again brought i.V»*rd, Mr. O'sullivan seeing no good reason v*/ Ä carpenter, blacksmith, shoemaker, or oth V Irudesman who had no intention of taking up* kiwi should be compelled to carry so much wa *<* PXPer about in his pooket. The member tV JWewood ridiculed " the ancient fraternity" so \irgely\epresented on the other side of the House, who wei;e possessed of a mania for selling land, and the» .member for Cambooya, as a member of that atèciont fraternity, took up tho cudgel« on its belhClf Whilo ho was Minister for.Lands Jio had scoop«"*1 in tho money, and would ,do ft ag>iin if Jw had j the opportunity. At the syimeN time, he -would | .rather keep his position as a freí» Janee Ion the I floorof the House, preferring lo see i%e Ministers engage in a bloodless feud against Oac» othor, sticking not too particularly to the tihtlr, and humbugging the country. Ho complii.icn.ted the Premier on getting rid of narrow-mi!S(fe,d ! ideas fit only for a lawyer, and becoming 'lie possessor of vastly broader viovvs than were his whon he sought to hunt him (Mr. Perkins) out of the Assembly. Mr. Glassey condemned the policy of partjng with the lands of the State as being a penny wise and pound foolish one. Mr. Black reminded tho House that cheap land did not always mean closo settle- ment, ami the Leader of the Opposition hoped that the Government would reconsider their decision to sell the Isis Scrub land instead of throwing it open for selection. The motion was at length withdrawn. Mi Adams, who the other week asked for the production of the papers connected with the circumstances which led to Mr Foord leaving tho railway scrvico, took advantage of tho motton for adjournment to explain his reason for wishing the documents laid on tho tablo of tho House It appeared that ho had done this on tho icquest of Mr Tooul 01 some of his friends, and Mi Adams was desirous of lemoving any nupicssion winch might prevail as to his object being to have a dig at tho laboui organisation! The member for Bun- daberg is rather disgusted at the pait he lins taken in tho business, and lcmarkcd that Mi l'ooid had bl ought tho whole thing on himself, by having stated that he had been dealt with unjustly by the late Minister foi Hallways Not much tuno wns then lost in getting tho second leadings of tho Supicmo Court (Costs) Bill, the Tramway Act Amendment Bill, and tho Pastoial Leases Extension Bill disposed of That aident legal reformoi, tho member foi Burrum, accepted the first named maasuio as a step in the light ducction, for which ho was truly grateful, although he looked upon it ns granting a veiy small modicum of relief from the e\ ils which he had spent so much time in pointing out He was proceeding to expatiate on tho abuses which ho saul exist m connection with cases tiled in tho waidens' court3, giving prominence to romarks lately made by Ins Honour Mr Justice Cliubb at Chaiteis Tow CM, when the Speaker pulled lum up for traveasing beyond tho question befoie the Houso Mi Perkins s long search for on honest law \ cr has at last piovod successful-ho has found tho phenomenon in tho poison of Mr Powers, a fact of which he, with becoming joyfulnoss, informed the Assombly Mr Gannon thought that the bill might havo gone- a great deal further than it did, and Unit a plaintiff should be given tho privilege of sitting beforo what Tudgo his action should bo heird Shot tly aftel 8 o clock tho House got into CtMiinutteo of'Supplv , but the piogiess made Vrih the Estimates was by no means satisfac t ary, soveial eontintious matters ausuig which w ït« dismssed at consideiablo length bifore th e ?totes to which thov referred weio permitted to pass On the motion that tho Speikcr leav »e the Chan, the question of pensions vvaß rais id b) the member foi bundanba, and sub sequi mtly the choice of booka foi tho hbraiy, allow \fig studious persons access to the libmy foi pu 'poses of rcferonco, increased accommo dation, Ao , formed matters for discussion , but it was n ot till the vote foi tho \gcnt General s oilico cat no on tfcat niembeis sot themselves to souousl) consulci the items contained in tho Estimates i The meinboi for'Joombul opened the debato regarding this particular department by in quuing wl«ithir the promised explanation fiom tho Agent frenoial respecting the lopoit of his ovidonce before the Colo, ntsationConimitteo had yet como to hand 'lhoiPrciuiot replied m the negative but explained that ho had received intimation that a copy of Abo othual repoit had boon postel, and that it jvas e\pectid in tho com so of tho no\t few days* Mr Morgan was son) that tho ovidiiice Jiad not been loithconung btfoio the voto carno on foi ooiisidoiatiou, becauso if it pro\ ed that what Mr Aiehei was lopoited to hoy o said was tine, thoio would havo beon som.9 diihcultj m passing tiéi vote Mr Groom put m a good vvoul foi the Press, staVng it^was \ory unlikely that Mr. Archer epnld have been misreportw. in more han two or three papers, arK Leader of the Opposition asked members S to place |too much rebanee on what had bl reported as the Agent General's statement, Tu, to wait the arrival of the official report before giving their decision. Loud laughter nZdl the query put by Mr Donaldson ¡f 'wh hi Sir Thomas M'llwraith intended to nrZ ¿ shortly to London to represent the colonv ""2 the Colonial Treasurer repeated ie Cal which was given weeks ago m the Comfr when the rumour first gained currenoy The hardships endured by the immigrants «t Suez, consequent on the wreck of the Dace» were detailed by thesenior member forCharJT Towers, who thought that the action, or ratw want of action, on the part of the Agent General was nothing less than scandalous H» accused Mr Archer of not having taken th« steps he ought to have taken to aid the immi grants, who must have had a very rough tim« judging by the scenes which Mr Sayers pictured to the committee The late Minister for Lands was disposed to think that what Mr Savers had said was a little too highly coloured and the latter got angiy at having his word doubted asserting that he could piove all he had said' Mr Hyne backed up Mr Sayers, but thought that the Government of Queensland and not the Agent General wore to blame, and for a time a wordy war was carried on until the chairman found a favourable opportunity to |iut the question, and the vote was carried A pretty long debate took place on thi immigration vote The member for Bose wood gave instances of how the colony was being imposed upon, so far as domestic servants were concerned, and the semormembei for Ipswich dilated on the wickedness of tht immigration officials in Brisbane in palming off upon selectors "farm labourers" who knew nothing whatever of farm work. The difficul ties which Immigration agents had to contend with were explained by Mr Archer, and Mr 0 Sullivan took Mr Randall to task for having confined his attention to England and Scot land, leaving out of sight altogether the agri- cultural provinces of Ireland A rather stormy soone occurred between Mr. Smyth and Mr Glassey. The former alleged that the «¿stem of nominating immigrants had been a failure, and that the men who had been brought to the colony as nominated immigrants had proved the worst friends of tho working classes He asked that inquiries might be made as to the trqth of a tumour that certain persons wera nominating people m the colony, and making a probt out of the papers by getting them sold m Lngland for tu more than was paid for them Mr Little interjected that the rumour wa» quite true Tlie niomber for Bundanba resented in veiy vigorous language what he re g&rded; as a direct attack made upon him and accused the member for Gympie of alwavä being half intoxicated when ho sneered at laboui leaders and cast reflections upon him This remark was re ciSveí wltu Cllcs °' ' Withdraw' and ' Ordo"««" andjthe Premier promptly rose and asked Mi QJassey to withdraw what ho had just said Ali (passey at first refused, but ultimately did so *ery reluctantly He, however, mado things «>cn worse by accusing Mr Smyth of n*KJJ5g been quilty of dishonourably conduct yutb rt&rence; to shares and dummying land, an* thç latter plainly stated that Mr Glassey was telling falsehoods The ruling of the Chairman waa taktn as to whether making such an aecnwitioii was Paihamentary, and the Premier then called upon Mi Smyth to withdraw tho expression Before Mr Jessop had time to give his r "'b.ng the member for Gympie walked outsido the ,,»r. but Mr Groom and others reasoned with ^m> and he aS¡im entorcl1 tho Chamber and ap¿ij^iea for hayin8 tran3 gressed the rules 01 ^aio So tlie niaUer ended, and a division w^ k^11 on an ftmen,d mont by Mr Sayers for t ^ »potion ol «h« vote, tho result bomg that the "«j/ iw0 )fm*> in its favour woio Mr Glassey anu u,m5!!" A deputation consisting of Messrs J D ,D, son and E Palmer, MM L A , andltho follow q? members of the Dunellan Estate State School Building Committee (F Peek, H Tate, A M Lean, T C Kennedy, P Toohey, T Burke, J Ballantyne, and A M Gilhv ray), waited upon tho Minister for Pubho Instruction yester day with reference to the establishment of a Stato school on tho Dunellan Estate It was explained to tho Minister that tho present piovisional school in the locality had becomo insufficient to meet tho require ments mid that it was therefore a mattei of urgency that additional accommo dation should ho pioudod It was stated that Mr Palmer s house standing on 8 rood» ¿b porches of land, was obtainable for State school puiposes for ¿DOO The houao wa* considerod suitable and tho deputation osl ed that the sito should bo secured and the piesent piovisional school removed thereto lho Minister wis assured that the committee would be able to oontubutQ ¿-<>Q or iáVO tow awls tho object they had in vio« Mr Donaldson spoke highly of the sito itself and saul ho consideied that if the bufldinc,s on it could be used foi Stato school puiposes it would be the most suitable site in the district Mr Hodgkinson admitted tho nece=sitv of a school being established in the locality ana promised that if the property in question were placed under offer to the department ho would inspect it with a MOW to seeing if it wa3 suitable Examinations for admission as solicitors will be held in Brisbane on 11th, 12th and 13tn îiovmber A petition has been filed foi the liquidatif of the estate of William Kelly, of Croydon, storekeeper, total liabilities IU 177 lbs M A first meeting of creditois has been appointe! tobo held at Messis Bernays and Osborne* oihco on tho 20th November nt 3 p m On Saturdtt) last the resident h-hermen « Wynnum whilbt ingagid in hauling '» thor ueU weio boinevvhat suiprised at the ews oidinaiy weight of the same lins it ««» f0""¡1 was due to tho fact that a largo "wfra"3" had got entangled in the meshes The ultimate capture of this tish wa» a work of mue» dilliculty, and when at length it was landed on tho bank of tho Wynnum Creok a measure mont show id it to be 13ft m length The B ISN Companjs RMS MiA«» 1 left ) esterda) foi London, i "' port» ¡>ue o ) I took a hunted nunibor of P^'1^''5., "," carim fiom Brisbane consisted of .»--» D1 1 wool, 122 casks tallow, 00 balc3 glue piece» i» bales sheepskins, 772 hides, WS casks tallo* (tiamduppcd fiom Rockhampton) suiwint. Lid J13 cases meat for Batavia > * hampton she will ship 2000 bales woo 80 tons tallow, 1000 casks meat,, and bOO m<w Townsville, 7Ö0 bales wool 50 tons sapr an Ü0 tons o.e and metal, Poit ^'«J^í oro and metal, and at Thursday Mona, bales wool and -'30 cases shell The Post and Telegraph J^rtoert adw-c -«Bathuist notit.es bene-a\ c* interrupted Woik going t ia St \ «wem There aie at present in the feier wards ot the General Hospital twent.v one patients u« from Dphoid and seven suffering fro.n seari ovei. As icgauls the latter fever, ho« eu SL1» a decrease as a foi tii-gl.««o »° were no less than twe ve cases in the o P There is only one patient in that in««» suffeiuy: from diphtheria. The many friends of the Bey. W. Scott, of .hR tyharf'Street Congregational Church, will Î! elad to hear that his health is showing rnarked improvement during the past few days. The rev gentleman is expected to proceed to gumpybong for a change to day The Builders' and Contractors' Association of ,. goUth Wales has issued invitations for an intercolonial conference, to be held m Sydney the 19th Novembei It is piobable that delegates will be sent by the Busbane Associa ton Tho matters foi consideration at the conference are -" 1 That this confeience deems it advisable to foi m an intei colonial federation of builders and contractors foi their mutual benefit and protection 2 That it i» desirable to adopt a uniform codo of tenus «na conditions of conti act d That it is desirable to obtain a hen law for the piotection 0{ builders and contractos 4 Assuianco of Workmen and Emploj eis' Liability Act S Apprentice question 0 The founation ot boards of arbitration and conciliation " The regular monthly mooting of dneetois of the Queensland Fanners' Coopeiative Açency Company, Limited, was held in the company's registered office, Eagle stieet, at 11 o'clock yesterday morning Mi G G Smith, chauman of directors, presidod, and the following gentle raen were also present -J Philp (Gatton), B Pall (Laidley), W Castles (Beaudesert), T Plunkett (Tambourine), E Haivey (Allora), ona J Jackson (managei) Tho auditors' monthly report and balance sheet was lead and adopted Tiansfci of scnp was giantod Owing to a few complaints concerning the market weighbridge, a sub committee (Messrs G G Smith, chau man, W Castles, T Plunkett, end J Jackson, manager) was appointed as B deputation to wait on tho mayoi foi an Investigation as to weights, Ac Messis G G Smith, T Plunkett, andJ Jackson (managei) were appointed as a sub committee to wait on the Commissioner for Railways to ti y anl sbtain refrigerating cars on theiailvvav as soon tis possible The business passed tlnough the company's hands duung tho month has been fair and steady, and almost all the outstanding ca!l3 on shareä have been paid in T le n«\t meeting was decided on foi Tuesday, 23th iiovember, at 11 a m The last two events in connection with tho Bnabane Grammai School athletic spoils took place on tho school tuif y esteiday afternoon with the following I03iilts -Kicking tho Foot ball, first prize value £1 10s , second los It Pollock seemed Mist placa, kicking 58 yauls tin C O'Rouike, 2 with 30 j aids 2ft, E K Tally, 3, 49 j aids 2ft Throwing tho Cnckot Ball first prize piesented by Mr It Newton A M'Dowall, 1, throwing 101 vnrds 2ft, which beats the sohool lccoid foi main yens past, 11 Pollock, 2, with % ynids bin fai\ competed in each event. There arrived from Melbourne by tlie Bulimba on Friday last, and may now bo seen at the stables at tho rear of Messis B D Moiehead and Co 's ofhees, a Shorthoin bull of wondeiful proportions As a show bull there is poihap3 not his equal in the colonies at the picscnttimc He is a white bull, foul years old, and was bred bv Mr William M'Culloch, Victona Ho is named Earl of Shaftesbury, and is by Duke of Oxford Slst (33,715) ímpoi ted, dam Countess 15th, by Fusileer (39,905) imported, and from lhe Countess familv Eail of Shnftesbuiy pas,the ohampion bull of Melbourne foi two yeart-namely, in 1883 and this piesont year, and ho has almost an unbeaten record in the Victorian shovvvards With the eiccption of a slight piotubeianee at the «houldcr, which is, however, well loaded with iksh, he is even all ovei in a lcmnrkablc degree Ho has been pin chased for Mr Tilley s Milton station, Poit Curtis distnct lie is deep Ueshed, but is of that soft handling quality so much priced for getting show pme winners rather than tho linn fleshed descrip tion preferred at the shambles In our report of the fatal accident which betel a little bo) named Holmes when taking bis father a dinner the othei day it was stated that the deceased was standing on a coal punt This was an euoi, the little follow being on the Merkara at the time of tho unfoitnnato oc currenee. The largest meeting of the committee of the Ratepayers Association ever held in Sandgate (says our correspondent) assembled in the com- mittee-room on Monday evening to consider the new time-table for the Sandgate Railway line, the mayor (Mr. Joseph Darragh) presiding. The member for the district (Mr. Geo. Agnew) at- tended by request and presented the new time- table. After much discussion, during which great dissatisfaction was expressed, it was unanimously resolved on the motion of Mr. Keogh, seconded by Mr. Drouyn, that the Mayor be requested to convene a public meet- ing to be held in the Town Hall, Sandgate, at 8 o'clock next evening, to consider the new railway time-table, and to invite by advertisement the attendance of the residents of Nundah and intermediate places. A lecture was given in the Albion Baptist Chapel on Monday evening on " Faces and Feet" by Mr. J. Julian. The lecture, which was very amusing, was illustrated by numerous diagrams, and was well appreciated by the audience. i? cmnctftipn w ith Mi E Pilniei'- motion, 3 etv>e on in the Ass>-nblv no\t Fnday, in a-our e< the construction of a tianscontinontnl 'i «av a »nlegiam has been lccaived in lins I»1« silting that at a mow led meeting of the 3nl vav 1 »igue held at Noimanton, a lcsolu < Jil wa pa sed complimenting Mi Palmer on "' ' jhble ilToits in this inattci and appoint (a? i ub co muittoe to comev tho resol itiou li Inn h H mulei tool thnt the league have i o "'"el to tl,oh immboi fullv poking lum '" * hit '^ eoiuldct tile sliongest lea ons 1-1 '. oar of i*1** wrojmsod thiough ratlwav Tn» follow m i's" ty9 ""P01'0' the state of " to-.hu \svlumfe,** I1"» Weekending 23th » -In tho houso K* ^ lcl'0lt' 481 y iJ7 f milos, "i.icû ndi,s-M, < "Hil«-». '.'^ 1 chai gul 22 females >«,"i<»l<)e, 'Mnk -Nsfcnlos toípl i73 The* «tH|e ¡j.l »> um at bniidv Gallop is unaUoiou vheul siipeuntondent ack o\vledges with i » th»iectipt ofpaicelsof newspapeisfiom * ^ couji M » Monow, and piopiiaiois . ' n '< Jliisbaiie foi the patients at v: ni -mi fr01n M, Hopper, Ipswich, foi the fs "> a* Sindv Gillop J-ion» uidei which a subsidy on cjiuribtitions to agiiculturol, hoiticul " 1'id pastoia* associations oi societies t ^ °e Pud bv the Depnitment of "Jl ure vveie published in batuidav'd ^mment Gazette" Pion theae it *f"> thnt the mibsidy will bo pnid on ¡^ tr >uu eiipttoiis and personal donations * i to le applied to thu pwposos of the A "u It will not bo paul to nnv society until , < nt-xt following twelve complete months t ' l l fou mun of such society, and will t ^ Mail tDanv socictv unless the subscnp ^^actnlK Im j ¡0l t],0 eui tent jeal shall t nt to ¿ ,o p0l 4nmim nle society for it, ' JH'lieation is im«Je must consist of tit r.r '!n mnnbeis befólo onj subsidy will be sab i 1ünan« niter tho Ut July, lb'10, no L ,Jv "»»li be pail to am socielv, "othei than ^ airo h m tMstLnce) "me¡, 8)laii be n J , VUtmn M-idiusof twentv mi'ts of ¡ . [ ,N "Msting hocietv Societ es mu't Ui ^ ' ^epaitment of agiicultuie, on oi ctr¡1 j ° dli>t Januiuy in each yeal, with a te Q0ln rl tlie balance sheet of society, Jeir inT" °f oil,c°beaieis for tho cuuent ' *T a copy of i Jes and íegulations, The Central Fire Brigade has just reoeived I a valuable addition to its appliances for fire | extinction This is an improved horse reel, which has been manufaotured by Mi Edds, of Albert sheet In this machine the weight to be di awn has been reduced by 2£cwt, the drum has boen detached from the axle, and now íests upon the spnngs The weight is thus matenally íeduced and the convenience m vvoiking also to some degiee enhanced At the City Police Couit yesteidaj, before Messrs G P M Murray P M, W Widdop, f nd T S Hawkins, JJ P the following trafhc summons cases weie disposed of -William Kelly was summoned for refusing to pa) H Thurling his fare for a cab hiring on tho 18th Maioh last The defendant did not appeal, and the case wa3 heard tv paite The bench fined the defendant 10o and 3s Gd costs of couit and oideied lum to pay 10s witnesses e\pensos and 10s the amount of tho faie due William Foster, milkman was fined £1 3s Gd, and oideied to pay 10s witnesses expenses for dnvin0 d*a fast pace from Hei chel stieet on to the î»oith Qua) It appealed that the defendant came îounl the cornel of Heischel stre°t" on to the Noith Qui) atasmaiitiot travelling on his wiong side and collided With a vehicle thiven by a Mis Burton smashing the shaft» of that lad) s vehicle and when an effoifcvvas malo to asecitain his name ho diove oft The nauio of his emplo)or was howevei 1 nown by one of Hie witnesses who saw the occunonce William Crust cabman, was fined 18a bil and Thos Scollen, draymen, v\ is lined Us GI foi dining on the w on side of the stieet Inspector TF O'Carroll cuted m the above cases on behalf of the liatlic Loaid \s mentioned in a pievions lettei (wutes out Goondiwindi coiiespondent undei date 2oth instant) aitei having been called out b) the union the Tulloona sheareu, that) five in numbei received instructions by WHO to io sumo work and cut out then shed at which time thoio w io about 10 000 sheep still un shoin Upon stating thou willingness to turn to and finish the woik the men weie mot b) a demand on the pait of then emplo)crs that thcv should mako good the loss in Station ex penses îouscabouts wages îations Ac caused by the tempoiary 1 nock off It would aopear tint the delay caused b) obc) ing the first call cut did not exceed half a da) and the sheaiors who had boen at the sr mo loss of time themselves looked upon tho demand mado as unreasonable and lefusod lo accede to it Tho station owners would not al'ow the sheep to bo finished e\ cept upon this condition and finally sum moned tho men m a bod) to the Yetman Police Couit for bleach of agieement wheie as pioviouslv advised b) wne thov weio indivi dually lined the sum of io with 7s lOd cost3 of court Undei the eucumstanes the men con suler themselves much ill nsel and talk of ap peahnc, In the meantime tho íesiduo of the | lulloona sheep aie still unshoin though Messrs Amos aie endeavouring to Bct togethu a sciatch boaul to finish the job Hie twenty hist annivcrsaiy of the Pioneer Tent No 1 I O It was celebiated in the lorn peí anco Hall on Mondav About 200 persons sat | down to toa an I aftei this had boon disposed of tho hall was cleand foi the concert which was piesiledovci by Bro. W J McCulloch the head of tho oulei in Queensland suppoitod by a numbei of distuct and tent ofliceis The chaiiman m his opening rcmaiks congiatulated | the tent on its picsont flouiishmg condition and quoted fiom oil.c.al documents to show the stead) pio^ress made bv tho oidei both in Gieat Biitain and the colonies Iho total membeislnp now stood he said at 130 000 and the accumulate 1 funds amounted to loOO 000 He also lemaiked on the voty low death into throughout tho ordei winch ho attnbutcd to the fact that a total abstinence pledgo had to bo taken by every member The seeiotar) s îeport showed the mcmbeiship of the tent to bo lbl and the total funds £b81 5s 5d Iho juvenile bianoh established in Juno now numbered twenty ono members During the evening duets weie rendered by Misses Smith and Ramsbotham Mi and Miss Ewart tno3 b) Messrs Ward, M Finlayson, and Ross ; songs by Messrs WA Key, Ewart, and Smout and Misses Hunter and Home icoitations | by Misses E Gallagher and A Home and a quaitelte b) the Danish Chor Bio Rev J Walker of Ipswich dehveiel a most interest in0 and instinctive addiess Mu Edwauls piesidod at tho piano A most pleasant and successful incetiii0 was biou(,ht to a close at about 10 o dock \t the South Busbane Police Court on Mon dnv before Mr G P M Muna) P M and | Mesáis Cliancelloi Hill and Weedon JJ P John Cairns was biou0ht np chaine I with tho I lineen) of some timboi fiom a man name I John Roberts of the value of ii Con stable O'Brien gave evideiico that ho | vv nt to defendant s picm.ses in co upan) with Robeits on the 21st instant wheie he mile a snaieh anl founl some timber which I Robeits i lenlilie I as Ins piopeit) John Roi nts stvtcd that li" wes a sub contiactoi au 1 icsi le 1 on the Melbourne stieet extension On the 21 t instant ho went to dofenlant s house in compaii) with Constable 0 Buen wilgie ho saw some timboi underneath the house which ho identified as his piopeitv He 1 new tho timbei by its shape and especially j bv the way it was cut He had not seen timbei of the si ne kind aii)whcie el p lie di 1 not I seo in) one tike the Umbu Ho value I the timbei at i.1 George Thornton, as carpenter oinplovel bv Mi Iobeits identifie I the Umbei p o luce I is tho piopeit) of Mi Robeits loi Hie defence duns stitel that tho | timbei which lompl imant had i lentified was his (C mils s) piopoitv as lie puichasod it fio n M Glue 1 uva anl Co Ho had owned the timb i foi foin veu-, The bench considere! I the c o piovel and fined defendant ¿2 with | 1.2 ¿i piofes lonal cosU and X1 witnesses expenses and b3 ti 1 costs of com Attrition is diipcted to nn alvoitisement in ] ano lim column fiom the San l0ato Tiiif Club announcinc, then spnni m eting on Satin lav next 1st Novemoei Hie committee aie doini, I then best to make the !ueetin" a succois havni), secute 1 tho seivice^of a special tiam leavuie, Bn lane at 12 JO pm calling at all stations to Nun lah anl auivin0 In timo foi tho lust íaco (1 10 p m ) Hie lunnitif, tiack , is in his class oulei mdfiom tho numbei and class of lui es entele I anl accepte 1 a f,ood dav a laetng is epec c1 1 ho saddling pad do ¡It io niuoh unpiove I sinco last ineet.n0 The u" lal moiilhlv meeting of brelhrcn oon neVtel with the Loyal orange Lodge, mo 1 the Oian"o institution was hull the k)le,eioom of the 1'iotostant Hall ou | Mondav evemnfc last when a fan attendance of lnembois was piesent Bro. Cook WM piesidel Bio Trimble dohveied a sltoit addiess on the foitliconung social gathenng win li is to be hell in the Pi otos taut Hall on 5th Novembre Hisiemail s weio nttentivelv listone! to The election of olhcois lesultelas follows -Bio Cripps Yv M Bro C Siemon D M Bro Cooper tieasmei Bro E ii Morrow, s°ontai) Bio II Cairns, chaplain Bio II S.omon, fotimnn of oom mittee Bio J Thompson senloi doacon Bro 1 Crook jimioi deacon Bl J Bailtrop inner tvlei Bio Hinks outei tvlei Biellnen ap p nile I as committee Messrs Vernor, Harris Skinner, Arnold ihstnct lolge lepiisent itivcs Mos-ns Voinoi Hiorrton, and tho \\\ M Xho| lneetint, teiiiunated at half past lu Tue \ov loi' LifeInsmanco Companv havo foiv ai le 1 us a copv of tlien last veal s iccord ^mon"st other interestini, mattei tneiem con tainod wo notioo a í te received by the companv at tho Pans L\h; b.tion of 18it, titi» boing tho liiglic-it awa\l I i,i\ en to a life company foi Iusuianoe anl| niiniiities foi the public Ile Meieu) D i -uti lout at T nnov Islo aul Co 8 i i 11 t w th 11 the be t in I nins ij j lovel linkes o' sunniei ni ile el lnn0 jin s uni ci iel e i0 sim mi lei sli ita and i an s in j mo silk uni wool and the neuest desuns m collais and nick dressing - [ U»v x ] 