ROCKHAMPTON. MONDAY, MARCH 24, 1890. AN AGRICULTURAL CONVENTION. Every industry in these stirring times has its Union. Labour is becoming something different from the disor- ganised mass which it has been hitherto. It is now an army, and the workers in the various arts and pursuits are form- ing themselves into regiments, bat- talions, and companies. When in this way they have become thoroughly organised, and determine that something shall be done, where will the power come from which will be capable of resistance. There is one class of workers, who happily, have not got to extremes in their concentration of their forces—we refer to the agriculturists. They have never struck. Has it occurred to many of our readers, we wonder, to consider what would be the consequences if they did? Suppose the producers of foodstuffs in Australia were to resolve they would not sell grain of any kind, fruits, and live stock under certain prices, and that this determination were generally agreed to, look what would happen. People would find their incomes unable to meet their expenditure, there would require to be a general rise in wages, or a great reduction in consumption. The cultivators of the land—the producers of "our daily bread" have the whip- hand of all other members of the com- munity, and might, if they were so inclined, starve other members of the community into submission. A little force of this kind has been employed by "the Graingers" in the United States, but their conflicts have not been with the community, but with the railway syndicates and monopolist companies. While we have reason to rejoice, there- fore, that the farmers are not unionists in a hurtful or offensive way, it is to be regretted that for practical purpose they are not more united in this part of the country. One of the pleasing features of the industry in the United States and Canada is the number of Unions which exist in connection with it. Most of these are practical, and have been formed for productive purposes. Their aims are the benefit of the industry, of themselves as depen- dents upon it, and of the public as con- sumers. In one issue of a Canadian journal, we have reports of two com- binations or meetings of the kind re- ferred to. One is an account of a Creameries Convention held at Seaforth in the middle of January last, a time when there would not be much doing in dairying. There was a large attendance of delegates from Creamery Companies and of farmers from the surrounding country. On the evening of the first day on which the Conveution sat the Corporation of the city entertained the members to a banquet. When in active operation the Convention discussed very practical matters. Mr. Thomas Mac- farlane, the chief analyst of the Inland Revenue Department, Ottawa, read a most interesting paper on "Dairying in Denmark"—the greatest dairying country in Europe. It was full of hints which would be useful to Canadian dairymen. There only one point in the paper which we may be pardoned for going out our way a little to notice. The Danish Dairy Factory Companies pay for the milk, not according to the quantity they receive, but in propor- tion to the amount of butter fat con- tained in it. Were the milk brought into and vended in Rockhampton, paid for when tested by such a method, the returns to many of our milk sellers would be very small. The practice in Denmark, Mr. Macfarlane told his hearers, was having an excellent effect in making the farmers attend carefully to their dumb friends, and weed out the inferior animals. Governor Hoarde de- livered a practical address on the points of a good cow, and in this quaint fashion referred to her treatment; "The cow was like the Arkansas jurors who were asked if they found a verdict for the defendant or plaintiff. The foreman said: —"We find for ourselves first." (Laughter.) The jurymen had not got their fees at the time. The cow would invariably protect her- self first. Let them seek first the Kingdom of God and His glory, and all things should be added thereto. That was true of religion, and he was often surprised how many matters agreed in the handling of a dairy cow with Biblical things. Let them seek first the en- hancement of the cow, and all would be added unto them." Professor Robertson, Guelph—from the College noticed in "Our Canadian Cousins"—descanted on the skill re- quired in farming. His great contention was that to be a successful farmer a man must be a man of skill first; to be a man of strength was a secondary con- sideration. The operations of certain creameries formed the theme of dis- cussion, and a committee appointed to examine dairy utensils reported that Strong's Standard Aerator was of exceptional utility. It seems the Government have appointed a Com- missioner of Dairy Husbandry, and the Convention thanked them for creating the office, and appointing to it Professor Robertson. While the butter makers were met at Seaforth, the annual con- vention of the Western Dairymen's Association was held at Stratford. Cheesemaking was the great subject of discussion, and the difficulties of cheese- makers, and how to overcome them were the chief matters debated. From the reports it appears these meetings have been well attended, and the proceedings useful, enter- taining, and profitable to farmers. Now, could we not have a Convention of the farmers of this district for the pur- pose of discussing, in a practical and useful fashion, matters of interest to them. We have not only an Under- secretary of Agriculture, who is very earnest and anxious to promote the interests of the great industry, but a real, live, newly imported Professor of Agriculture. He is being welcomed by the farmers in the southern portions of the Colony, and the husbandmen around Maryborough are combining to entertain him when he visits them, and to get as much out of him as possible. Would it not be advisable that the farmers of this district should do something of the kind! Could they have the travel- ling dairy here at the same time as Mr. McLean, Professor Skelton, and the dairy instructor, a most interesting and profitable Convention might be held. There is no Farmer's Association which could arrange for a meeting of the kind, but this is a matter on which the Com- mittees of the Central Queensland Farmers' and Graziers', and the Fitzroy Pastoral Societies might unite. They could draw up the programme of a Con- vention and make all necessary arrange- ments. We commend it to their Con- sideration, and if our proposal meets with the approbation of members of these associations, we hope they will interview committeemen on the subject. Very general satisfaction will, we feel sure, be expressed at the intelligence Mr G. B. Shaw makes public this morning, that the Committee of which he is Chairman, have at length succeeded in raising the sum required for the scheme started some time ago to establish a Girls' Grammar School in Rock- hampton. To gather £2000 is a task by no means easy at any time, and front the special circumstances of Rockhampton during the last twelve months this difficulty was greatly increased. But although the Committee found the work they had taken in hand was a much more serious affair than anyone sup- posed when they were appointed, and not withstanding that they were ignorantly assailed for supineness at a time when every effort was being made to secure the required amount, yet they fought on manfully, and now are able to an- nounce the completion of their labours. Such perseverance in a work from which most men shrink deserves the thanks of the com- munity. With the exit of the committee will come the entrance of the trustees, whose duty it will be to expend wisely the funds which have been placed at their command by private benevolence, and public grant. A total sum of £6000 will be available, and with such a capital the trustees should, as Mr. Shaw points out, be able to build an in- stitution that will be of "material benefit to the community in all respects." Primarily, of course, an educational benefit; but also, we hope, an architectural adornment. Already those splendidly situated buildings the Boys' Grammar school and the Hospital, attract the notice of all visitors as they come up the river, and we trust an equally handsome edifice will speedily appear as the Girls' Grammar school. TO-DAY, MONDAY, MARCH 24. SUN AND TIDE. Sun rises at 6.8 a.m.; sets at 6.5 p.m. High Water at Rockhampton at 1.35 a.m. and 1.53 p.m. High water in Keppel Bay 2h. 10m. earlier than these times. AUCTION SALES— 11a.m., R. Foulkes and Co., at Bank Auction Rooms, East-street:— Household furniture and effects. 11 a.m., Geo. B. Shaw, on the Deepwater Wharf.:— Onions and Potatoes. At the Police Court on Saturday morning, John Lenehan, a bushman, was charged with drunkenness, and was discharged. Last Saturday's Mount Morgan Chronicle says:—Mr. Hannam, the surveyor employed by the Mount Morgan Company in adapting the Government surveyed line to their own requirements, informs us that he has suc- ceeded in demonstrating how the range at the Razorback may be negotiated by a gradient not steeper than 1 in 45. This scheme if carried out, as there is every likelihood that it will be, entirely obviates the necessity of tunnelling through the hill, which would be a very costly work, and one which the Govern- ment or Company would with good reason hesitate to undertake.—Any person who has made the journey from here to Kabra, on board one of Jones' coaches within the last few days is fitted to undertake a journey across the Sahara, into Central Africa, or to the South Pole, without any fear of being de- terred by contingent dangers. How the vehicles manage to do the trip with tired and worn out horses and heavy loads is a deep and and dark mystery. It is perfectly miserable to sit behind these unfortunate animals, from whom the very last ounce of energy is ruth- lessly extracted by means of the leathern thong and the repeated supplications of the almost despairing driver. It is expected that the two drill instructors from Brisbane—one for the Mounted Infantry and the other for the land companion of the Defence Force—will arrive here by the mail steamer this morning. Arrangements are being made to select a site for the camp at Emu Park, and the locality at present men- tioned is over the brow of the hill leading into the Park. A and B Companies of the Defence Force (Rockhampton and Mount Morgan), together with the Scottish, will go into camp on the Monday preceding Good Friday and remain until Easter Monday. Under present arrangements it is not proba- ble that either of the two naval corps—the Naval Artillery and Naval Brigade—will join them until the Thursday evening. Some of the officers are very desirous of taking part in the Lytton encampment, whenever it does take place, and they, therefore, do not wish their men to leave their employ for any length of time, lest it should preclude a good muster on that occasion. A rough return of the full strength of the corps which will assemble has been prepared, and it is possible that the following will be the muster when the corps are in full strength from Good Fri- day to Easter Monday CORPS. OFFICERS. MEN. BAND. TOTAL. Mounted Infantry 2 40 - 42 A Company Q.D.F. 3 30 - 33 B Company O.D.F. 3 50 15 68 Scottish Rifles 1 40 - 41 Naval Brigade 2 40 20 62 Naval Artillery 2 40 - 42 13 240 35 288 in addition to this there is the detachment of the Permanent Artillery from Brisbane, which may be expected early this week, so that there is little doubt the total number "under canvass," as the term goes, will be over 300. The officers attached to each corps are as follow: Mounted Infantry, Lieutenants Thompson and Aldridge; Naval Brigade, Lieutenant Bowker and Sub-lieutenant Rhead; Naval Artillery, Lieutenants Spier and Cowie; A Company, Q.D.F., Captain Calvert, and Lieutenants Jackman and Eastwood; B Company, Q.D.F., Lieutenants Richards, Bunny and Marshall; C Company, Queens- land Scottish, Lieutenant Steele. The authorities have intimated that while the camp lasts officers attending it will be allowed 5s. per day mess money, and sergeants 2s. 6d. The former have decided to arrange for mess at one of the Emu Park Hotels. The report of the local Labour Bureau for the week ending the 20th instant was as follows:—Station hands: demand, 2; supply, 2; general labourers: supply, 6; married couples: supply, 3. The two station hands went under written agreements, the wages being 12s. per week and found. A gentleman in town, says the Townsville Bulletin, has received a communication from a friend in Brisbane in which it is stated that the impression in that city is that the report of the Cabinet on the letter of the Towns- ville Separation League to Lord Knutsford will be partly favourable to the prayer con- tained therein. It is expected the report will be published very shortly. It is stated, says a northern paper, that the people of Mackay are enthusiastic over the marvellous escape of Miss Lacy, and wish to accord her a very warm welcome. Mr. Lacy is afraid that the excitement might do his daughter some harm, and it is understood Mr., Mrs., and Miss Lacy will land at Bowen, and proceed overland to their station, St. Helen's. The members of the Australian Natives' Association will wait upon Miss Lacy upon her arrival at Townsville, and present a copy of the resolution agreed to at the last meeting of that body. We are informed that a meeting of the Joint Committee, which was formed a few weeks ago, consisting of the executive officers of the Railway Employees' Association, Wharf Labourers' Union, and the Typo- graphical Association, was held in the Euro- pean Hotel on Saturday evening, Mr. M. J. O'Brien in the chair. After the usual formal business and other items had been dealt with, a resolution was adopted authorising the secretary to obtain three copies of the electoral roll for the electorate of Rockhamp- ton and a number of application forms,so as to be prepared to bring forward a labour candidate at the next general election. The Eastern and Australian Company's s.s. Guthrie arrived at Port Darwin on the 7th instant, and a statement of the voyage fur- nished to the North Australian by a passen- ger includes the following:—"Anchor was dropped near several islands off the Queens- land coast where there was any possibility of sport being obtainable, and the tourists were able to spend many happy hours in shooting pigeon and other game, which they found in abundance. On one of the islands of the Percy group the party came upon an old white settler, whose habitation, according to his own statement, had not been found for fifteen years. This solitary individual pre- sented a most comical appearance as regards his outfit, which well conveyed the im- pression of what Pat would call "holes with bits of rag stitched on to them." He is evidently satisfied with his lot, and has nothing to do but attend to his goats and cattle, of which he has quite a herd. He stated that when he first took possession of the island he had two mates, but these in time abandoned him, and left him, like Robinson Crusoe, monarch of all he sur- veyed." The particulars of an extraordinary and desperate attempt at suicide have come into the possession of the police. Early on Satur- day morning, it appears the inhabitants of the Globe Hotel, situated at the corner of Bol- sover and South Streets, were alarmed by seeing blood marks all over the passage leading into the house, and tracing these they were led into a bedroom which had been occupied the previous night by a young man, named Edward Plum. Here a horrible sight, met their eyes, for the room and its contents were everywhere bespattered with blood. There was a large pool on the floor, and some one with bare feet had evidently stood in this, and then wandered downstairs and through the passage. On a table in the room there was a blood-stained razor. The police were at once informed of the circumstances, and they were enabled to pick up the tracks out- side the house. There were blood stains for a considerable distance along the path, leading in the direction of the river, and the foot- steps were traced as far as the river bank, where they were lost. It was surmised from these indications that the man had finished his evident attempt at suicide by jumping into the river, but soon after this word was taken to the police office of a blood- stained towel having been picked up on the Fitzroy Bridge. Two mounted constables were at once sent out with instructions to look for the man. It had been ascertained by this time that Plum was a comparative stranger at the hotel where he had been stay- ing, and according to his own tale he was recently employed in the camp of Mr. Austen, who is at present engaged in surveying the Port Alma Railway. Plum had been engaged with the party on the other side of Egan's dairy, on the Gracemere road, but for some reason or other he had left, and for the three nights preceding the ??? in question had been staying at the Globe Hotel. The proprietor having furnished the police with a description of the man, the ??? constables were enabled to trace him as far as Lake's Creek. From information they received there they went to the camp of a surveyor at present staying in that neighbourhood, where they learned that the man they were in search of had called at the camp, and asked the cook at what time dinner would be ready. When he was informed he put down the swag he was carrying, and gave the man to understand he would come back in time for the meal, which was then nearly done. A little further search enabled the police to come up with Plum, who was walking aim- lessly up and down an open track at the back of the Lake's Creek Hotel. He had a linen handkerchief round his neck, which was bloodstained, but otherwise he appeared to be all right. He admitted to the constables that he had made an attempt on his life, and under the circumstances they arrested him. There was no conveyance available at the time, and Plum expressed his readiness to walk into town, which he did. On his arrival at the police barracks he was seen by Dr. Voss, who advised his removal to the hospital, and Plum was sent up in the prison van. In the face of the nature of the wound which Plum inficted upon himself, his subsequent adven- tures are little short of marvellous. This medical examination showed that the cut he had made in his throat had passed through the base of the tongue into the pharyx, just above the larynx, or voice producing organ. The examination which, was subsequently made of the premises showed that Plum had acted with the greatest caution to get clear of the hotel without being discovered. He must, from the marks, have got under the bed after he had cut his throat, in order to get his swag, which was lying there, and which had been opened, for the inside of it, and the things it contains, are saturated with blood. After this he had evidently crept downstairs in his bare feet, for all the marks in the passage were made with naked feet, and when arrested Plum was wearing boots. The loss of blood was necessarily very great, and how he managed to walk the distance he did after attempting the act is little short of marvellous. The distance he had traversed could not have been less than ten miles, and yet when he arrived at the police station he bore no signs of fatigue. It is remarkable, too, how he managed to escape detection. His clothing was covered with blood, and yet he does not appear to have attracted any unusual notice. When he spoke to the cook at the surveyor's camp at Lake's Creek, the latter made an observa- tion as to the wrapper Plum had round his neck, and Plum replied that he had met with an accident. His utterance was thick, but not exceptionally so. When questioned by the police, he said it was "grog" that had induced him to attempt ending his life; but his appearance did not lead the officers to believe he was either mad or suffering very much from the effects of drink. He is at the present time under observation in the Hospital, and on inquiry yesterday we learned that he was progressing favourably. The following is the report of the P.C. and L.D. Hospital for the week ending the 21st instant:—remaining, March 14th:—Males, 38; females, 11; total, 49. Admitted during the week: Males, 13; females, 0; total, 13. Discharged during the week: Males, 4; females, 4; total, 8. Remaining: Males, 47; females, 7; total 54. The Resident Surgeon acknowledges with thanks the receipt of flowers from the Gracemere School children per St. Paul's Guild, and the Women's Christian Temperance Union, pictures from Mr. Fischer, and papers from Mr. S. Wil- liams, Esq. The farewell services in connection with the departure of Captain George Walker, of the Salvation Army, took place in the barracks yesterday. Captain Walker has been in charge of the local corps in excess of six months, and during his tenure of office has not only endeared himself to the adherents of the Army, but has won the respect and good- will of all with whom he has come in contact. Captain Walker will make his final adieux at the concert to be held in the barracks this evening, and will sail for the south on Tues- day. Until the new captain arrives Lieu- tenant Mitchell will have charge. Since Friday the weather has been very un- settled, alternating between sharp showers, and fine though cloudy skies. Early on Saturday morning rain fell heavily, and the whole of the day was very close and oppres- sive. In the evening, just as people were in the main streets for their Saturday night's parade, several sharp showers fell. The same characteristics prevailed all Saturday night and yesterday. Towards nightfall the rain commenced to come down very heavily, and this state of things continued up to an early hour this morning. Reports have been received showing that the rainfall of Satur- day and yesterday had extended along the Central Railway, but so far there has been no interruption to traffic, although the downfall has been heavy in places. At Jericho over 5 in. of rain have fallen since Friday night, and unless the weather soon clears it is feared there will be a repetition of the damage which was reported recently. Mr. G. S. received the following wire on Saturday from the Barcaldine agent for Messrs. Cobb and Company's line of coaches:—"Do not book passengers for next Wednesday's coaches. The roads are in a frightful state." The postal authorities have again been re- minded of the shocking state in which the country is in by the non-arrival of three of their mailmen. Last evening neither the Leura, St. Lawrence, or Gladstone mailmen had arrived. There are still heavy freshes in the Fitzroy, but the wharves were not sub- merged either on Saturday or yesterday. The tender Taldora had to take in her passengers for the northern mail boat at the Deepwater Wharf yesterday. The records for the preceding twenty-four hours published at 8 a.m. on Saturday and yesterday were as follows:—Saturday: Rockhampton, 0.46 in.; Brisbane, 0.01 in.; Nebo, 0.15in.; St. Law- rencee, 0.16in.; Emu Park, 0.15 in.; Duaringa, 0.55in.; Gladstone, 1.31 in.; Marlborough, 0.62 in.; Jericho, 2.50 in.; Bogantungan, O.25 in.; Barcaldine, 1.40in. Sunday: Rock- hampton, 1.05 in.; Pine Hill,0.80in; Bogan- tungan, 0.30in.; Westwood, 0.12in.; Cam- boon, 0.28in.; Banana, 0.60in.; Emu Park, 0.15in.; Nebo, 0.10in.; Eidsvold, 0.06 in.; Jericho, about 2½ in.; Capella, 1.0in.; Glad- stone, 0.13 in; Cape Capricorn, Collaroy, Mount Morgan, Raglan, and Gatcombe Head, showery. In the Divorce Court on Friday, says the Sydney Morning Herald, the case of Hut- chison Hutchison was heard, in which Maria Jane Hutchison petitioned for a disso- lution of her marriage with Mr. Alexander Hutchison, M.L.A., on the ground of desertion and adultery. The petitioner, Maria Jane Hutchison, and when she met the respondent in Melbonrne her name was Chaston. She was then a widow with one child. She had known the respondent and his family in Eng- land, and he knew her people. After her husband's death in England she carried on her business as a milliner, and afterwards came out to Victoria, where she got employ- ment as a milliner. Hutchison came to the colony of Victoria in 1876, and commenced business in the book trade. They were married at the Registrar's office in October, 1876\. The paper produced was the marriage certificate. Her husband's signature was ap- pended to it as well as her own. After mar- riage respondent kept a bookshop in Mel- bourne, and she assisted him. In 1877 he left Melbourne on business, and about a month afterwards a baby girl was born. The baby afterwards died, and she then came to Sydney. she did not go to Sydney while her baby lived, as he wrote saying he was not in a position to send for her. She came to Sydney in 1877. She commenced business as a millner in Sydney, and carried it on until she and her husband went to Brisbane in 1883, when he com- menced business as a bookseller. Here a baby boy was born, who lived about ten months. They were burnt out in Brisbane. Her husband left Brisbane for Sydney, and never returned. She afterward went to Rock- hampton, and opened a boarding-house. Here her daughter was married to a storekeeper. After that her husband made her an allowance of £1 a week for some time. She obtained a protection order in the year 1886. She had been too unwell since to bear the fatigue of a suit, and had not until now that she had been able to obtain the money to commence an action. They came in the same ship to- gether from England in 1877. Respondent is the member for Canterbury, and has been for some years. A decree nisi was granted, returnable in six months. The respondent has since been called upon by his constitu- ants to resign, and has refused to do so, stating that the proceedings are not yet closed. As the Victoria was coming into port from the North on Tuesday, says the Townsville Bulletin, the top of the mast of a small boat was seen just above the water. The captain reported the case to Mr. Corbett, in charge of the Ada Dent, who steamed round the sunken boat, and discovered it to be the Mary Henry, an eight-ton boat, owned by a negro native of Barbadoes, named J. B. Henry. The Customs launch then went down, buoyed the place where the boat is sunk, and also attached a flag to the mast. At low water the stern is visible, but at high waster the top of the mast is just awach. The foresail and mainsail are set, but the jib is down, and it is believed the boat foundered when at anchor. On Monday it capsized at low water when moored to the Harbour and River steps, and was with much trouble righted. On Tuesday afternoon Henry and the aboriginal assistants left in the boat for Rattlesnake Island, where Henry had a kind of selection, and kept a few pigs and poultry. About three o'clock he got well clear of the breakwaters, and the boat was last seen making north. she is about a mile from Cape Marlow, and as the night was very dark with rain it is very improb- able that any of the party got ashore, although one of the aboriginals was said to be a very good swimmer. A man who knows the boat believes that she was at anchor, and that while her crew were asleep she sank and drowned them. There was only a very small place under the deck to sleep, The three would have to squeeze in to get shelter, and it is thought they were unable to extricate themselves in time, and that they are still in the boat. If one of the party had reached land it is more than probable he would have reached town ere this. The Customs launch will make an attempt to tow the boat into the creek or into shallower water. It is said that Henry, who was well known as a diver, had a half-caste daughter whom he was educating, and after whom he named his ill-fated boat. The history of the little craft has been a chequered one. It was brought from New Caledonia by French escapees, who landed near Rockhampton. It passed into the possession of a resident there, who sold her to a syndicate of Townsville sailing men, who imagined they were purchasing a yacht, but who immediately sold it on seeing the style of boat it was. Its name was then the Mid- night, but Henry rechristened it the Mary Henry. The B.I.S.N Company's s.s. Tara is now on her way down the coast, and the Immigration Agent has received a telegram stating that the immigrants for Rockhampton include two married couples, twenty-five single men, four- teen single girls, and two children. Hillard says, that "occupation is the armour of the soul." So are Club House Cigars the armour of the liver.—ADVT. "Is man fit to be alone?" asked a vinegar- faced lecturess of a mixed audience, "Yes, if he's got a Club House Cigar," yelled a bachelor.—ADVT. A man's liver may be out of order to day, but if he smokes a Club House Cigar, he'll have a clean tongue to-morrow.—ADVT. From figures published in the B Bill of Entry, says The Times, it appears that during December the quantity of beef imported into the United Kingdom was 132,177 cwt., against 81,887 cwt. for the corresponding month of 1888, the Atlantic ports of the United States supplying 120,263 cwt against 77,484 cwt.; Queensland, 7180cwt, against nil; and new Zealand, 4,533 cwt. against 3737cwt.; the supplies of mutton for the month comprising 34,163 cwt. from the Argen- tine Republic, against 31,630cwt.; 34,708cwt. from New Zealand, against 30,078cwt.; Holland, 16,921 cwt. against 16,143cwt.; Queensland, 11,000 cwt. against nil; and New South Wales, 4584 cwt. against 4850 cwt. The consignments of pork from Holland were 2857 cwt. against 23,059 cwt.; and from Bel- gium, 1,043 cwt. against 5965 cwt. The New York World, with the aid of figures obtained from the State treasurers throughout the country, has compiled an estimate of the present wealth of this country, showing the marvellous increase since 1880. The actual wealth of the country at present is not at the enormous sum of 61,450,000,000 dols., an increase of upward of 17,000,000,000 dols, since 1880. Ten years ago it was esti- mated that the United States were rich enough to buy out the entire Russian and Turkish empires, a good part of northern Europe, Italy, Australia, South America, and South Africa, and still have lots of pocket money left. We were then 276,000,000 dols. richer than Great Britain, the richest country of the Old World. Our national wealth promises to be something almost fabulous before the rising generation quite the stage. A cruel and outrageous hoax, says the Mel- bourne Argus, has been perpetrated on the wife and family of a miner named Robert Davidson, working in the South Clunes United Company's mine. It appears that Mrs. Davidson carries on a small business in Melbourne, and resides with her son and daughter at Albert Park, and she received a telegram stating that her husband was killed. Mrs. Davidson, with her son and daughter, in terrible mental anguish, left for Clunes by the evening train, arriving here a little after mid- night, only, however, to find the supposed deceased alive, well, and as much astonished at their advent as they were that he was still in the land of the living. The family inter- viewed the local police and Sergeant Nolan's inquiries elicited that no such telegram had been lodged at or sent from Clunes telegraph office or railway station. Unfortunately, Mrs. Davidson, in her grief and excitement, left the telegram in Melbourne, and omitted to notice the name of the supposed sending station or the signature of the sender. Her health is likely to be seriously affected by the shock sustained. A woman named Emma Dingwall, says the S. M. Herald, was charged at the Water Police Court last week, with attempting to introduce liquor into Darlinghurst Gaol. The method by which the woman attempted to get the liquor into the gaol was a novel one. Empty eggshells were obtained and filled with liquor, and passed in. The evidence was to the effect that on the 6th instant the prisoner went to Darlinghurst Gaol with food for a prisoner named John Armstrong. The food was uncovered, and four eggs were found. Two were noticed to be rather dark, and on a closer examination the ends were found to be covered with a white composition. The ends of the eggs were broken, and found to be full of brandy. There were some cigars found in a pair of slippers intended for the same pri- soner shortly before. When questioned she said she knew nothing about the spirits being in the eggs. George Chambers said he bought half a dozen eggs, sucked them, put brandy in them, and put plaster of paris over the ends to close them up. He then gave the eggs to Mrs. Armstrong's cook, and that is all he knew of them. The magistrate said he had no hesitation in convicting the accused, as the defence was a very flimsy one, and all the parties were guilty. Accused was fined £10, or in default to be imprisoned for fourteen days. Dr. Churton, the Chester Coroner, says an English paper, held an inquest on a pauper who had eaten a heavy dinner and been found next morning dead in bed. It was stated that the guardians had passed a special resolution refusing beer or alcoholic stimulants to inmates on Christmas day. The Coroner said it was quite unnecessary to pursue inquiry further. For reasons best known to the guardians they had departed from the usual arrangement of allowing beer to the Christmas dinner. His own impression was that instead of doing harm, a little alcoholic stimulant was bene- ficial as assisting to get rid of a heavy meal. A glass of wine or beer would not hurt any man, in fact, stimulants he knew, from a very long experience, had been the means of saving thousands of lives. It was especially bene- ficial in cases of weak action of the heart. He had known teetotallers who were inordi- nate eaters, and got large quantities of food on their stomachs; he remembered a case in Nantwich were a teetotaller went home at night and ate an enormous supper. Next morning he was found dead in bed. The enormous quantity of food had filled the stomach, pressed upon the heart, and pre- vented an upward flow of blood. Because he (the coroner) expressed the opinion that a glass of beer would have saved his life he was severely criticised. Extreme men carried this kind of thing too far. The sugar industry is, says the Melbourne Leader, regarded in Queensland as being in a condition of possible collapse. This unhappy prospect is attributed by the planters to the enforced cessation of black labour, their oft reiterated conviction being that "if coloured labour be withdrawn from the plantations the extinction of the sugar industry must speedily follow." Their reasoning, however, on this point is not altogether conclusive. In the first place the prohibition of Kanaka labour does not take effect for at least three years and a half, so that the present depression can hardly be due to this cause, and further, the ex- perience which Queensland planters are deploring is not peculiar to themselves. The fall in prices, due principally to the compe- tition of beet sugar, has affected all cane sugar growing countries. In Fiji no restric- tions are placed on the employment of coloured labour. Kanakas are imported, and coolies have also been introduced from India, and yet here, where the labour problem, if not unknown, presents itself in a different aspect, the accounts of the sugar industry are every whit as doleful. Mills are being shut up, plantations are being allowed to fall into the hands of the mortgagees or under the auc- tioneer's hammer are sold for what they will bring. The change is great, indeed, from the time when sugur growing seemed a certain road to wealth, and when fortunes were made in a few years, Although this halcyon period is not likely to return, yet there is no reason to despair. In Queensland this year the pro- mises of a heavy crop, notwithstanding the losses from recent floods, are more assured than since the beginning of the long drought; and at the rate ruling to-day sugar even on the most heavily mortgaged estates would pay fair retain on the capital invested. In the future the hopes of the planters must be based on labour saving appliances, on the chemical discoveries which will increase the yield of sugar, and on federation of the colonies, which will widen the market for Queensland sugar. 