THE ENGLISHING OF THE WORLD of New Tort, devotes thefirst chapter of bis " Literature and Poetry" to estimating the probabilities of Bngjirti becoming the world-language of the future. " The English," he says," is taught as a regular branch of higher education in the best colleges and universities on the Continent of Europe, and in all commercial cities, and is rapidly gamingon the French. In Egypt it has ;.c f . quired new strength. _ In Asia it follows the British sway and the highways of commerce to the vast empire of East India, with its 200,000,000 of heathen and Mahommedan inhabitants, who exhibit a growing desire to learn the language of tbeir rulers. I have heard converted Brahmins speak and preach in the purest Anglo-Saxon. It is largely used in the islands and sea-ports of China even by native Chinese, in a corrupt form. It is firmly established in Southern Africa, and extends every day with the widening British settlements of the Cape and western coast, including Siena. Leone and Liberia. It accompanies the British navy and merchant ships to the South Sea, and mnst ultimately replace the barbarous native dialects of Australia, New South Wales, Tan Diemen's Land, New Zealand, and the Polynesian group of islands, as the natives become Christianised and civilised. The empire of Japan is fast getting Anglicised and Christianised. The English has become the Court language. A New York publisher is shipping every year 50,000 American school- books for the schools of Japan. The English classics axe daily read in countries of which Shakespeare and Milton never heard, and by millions who but recently were ignorant of the very existence of England. If we look to the American hemisphere, the same language prevails in all the British possessions of North America from the Atlantic to the Pacific, including a territory-of over, three millions and four hundred thousand square miles and a. population of about fire millions,. and increasiiwr yery rapidly by -emigration. . It" rmaile in tBa-B?fluA junl User uda Islands. But what is still more important, the English is now, and mnst ever remain, the epeech of the great Anglo Saxon Republic, from Maine to California, from the Northern Lakes to the Gulf of Mexico. Every other language, the Indian dialects, the Spanish, the Dutch, the Danish, the Swedish, the French, and even the German are being swept away by the irresistible current of the English tongue. The German and Scandinavian languages are gain- ing in the first generation by constant immigration, but in the second or third generation they are losing; while the English, without an act of tyranny or injustice to its neighbours, without any effort even, but by the meresilent power of its presence, is daily gaining upon them. The English is also the language of the ocean. It is better understood and more widely ~ spoken than any other tongue on the ships which cross the Atlantic or Pacific, the Mediterranean, the Suez Canal, the Indian and Chinese Seas. Even on the Fjords cf Norway and in the Gulf of Finland you will scarcely meet a captain that cannot fluently converse in English. The Samoan Conference, held last' year at Berlin, between Germany, Great; Britain, and the United States, marks a new departure in the preference given to EngliBh for diplomacy. Formerly the Latin was need in international conferences and treaties, and is still used by the Papal Court. Then the- French took its place aud kept it in all international conferences till IS78. But in the Samoan Conference, for the first time on the Continent of Europe, the English was exclusively used in the discussions and in the treaty —a significant fact for the future. The English race surpasses all others in successful colonisation and commercial enterprise, and hence its language must inevitably become the chief organ of international communication. Well may we bid godspeed to the progress of the Anglo-Norman and Anglo-American tongue as the chief organ for the spread of Chrstian civilsation. Go forth, then, noble Saxon tongue, And speed the happv time When troth and righteousness shall reign In every zone and dime; When earth'e oppressed and savage tribes Shall cease to pine and roam, All taught to prize the English words : Faith, freedom, Heaven, and Home. On the German. Emperor's visit to Memcl, a pleasing incident occurred. At Tanerlanken is a tree known as "The King'sOak." Kearthis tree the Emperor met, beneath a triumphal arch {says the Da ily JSTeicsJ, an escort oi twenty rang women, with floral wreaths upon their adSj ind who, discarding the side-saddle, rode in knightly fashion astride twentysplendid . chargers. Beneath this oak King Friedrich Wilhelm III., in the year 1807, celebrated his birthday, wittt his sons, Fritz, With elm, and Earl, around him. Herr Sauthoff, addressing the Emperor, asked permission to make a wreath with the leaves from this tree, and to place it upon the grave of Queen Louise. After the delivery of an address and the recital of a poem in the Tiitb-na™"" dialect, the Emperor was presented with a pair of gloves of Lithuanian manufacture, in which were woven the Imperial monogram and the crown. A pair of stockings, made also at a Lithuanian manufactory, was then presented to the Empress. Afterwards one of the ladies on horseback came forward, and begged the Emperor to accept several pairs of substantial gloves for the use of the young princes. The Emperor laughed, and said, "They aie wintergloves. They will certainly keep their hands very warm." 