QUESTIONS ANSWERED. Stripper's Licence.-Bushman: I hold a àtripper'a licence. Can the trustees of a common prevent me from stripping wattle bark on the com mon?-Yes. ; Names of Apples for Export.-E. J. C. (Armidale) : French crabs, sturmer pippins, and soar let por mains have given the best general satis faction so far. Mounted Infantry-Cornstalk (Sydney) rWhat pay do privates in Permanent Mounted Infantry re ceive ?-28 3d a day, free rations, lodgings, fuel, and light. Clothing and free kit on joining. The Prince Alfred Dock.-W. V. (Liverpool) : 1\. What is the length of the Alfred Dook, Williams town, Victoria ?-The dock is 450f t long, but it is in tended to lengthen it 120ft. 2. We cannot inform you. First English Railway-S. P. (Manilla) : Which was the first Tailway opened in England to carry passengers ?-The Stockton to Darlington rail way, which waa first opened for passenger traffic on September 27, 1825. . A Mailman's Duties-J. S. (Bloomfield, V.) : IB a mailman compelled to take a Btamped letter on the road?-Mailmen are required to convey to the nearest post-office all stamped letters handed to them a milo distant from a post- office. Treatment of Harness-Subscriber (Gnalta) : 1\. Is soft soap a good thing to uBefor harness?-Yes. It is used in conjunction with other materials for polis1 ing harness. 2. If loather is thoroughly Boaked in castor oil, does it lose its strength?-No. Wine-producing Country-Delo (Sydney) : What are the greatest wine-producing districts of Victoria and New South Wales ?-Victoria, Rnther glen'and the valley of the Goulburn ; New South Wales, the Hunter River district and the Albury and Corowa districts. The First Easter-J. S. (Narraminel: When does Easter fall on the same day of the month, and what month, as on the first great Easter, and when will it fall on that date again?-In the year A.D. 1 Easterday waa on Maroh 27. Easter day will next fall on March 27 in the year 1910. The Late Daniel Egan-Subscriber (Armi dale) : When did the late Daniel Esan, who waa at one time Postmaster-General, die ?-He died on Octo ber 16, 1870, at Watson's Bay, a short distance from where the Danbar was wrecked ; in which vessel his wife, Bon, and daughter were lost. White Ink-Frank (Charters Towers) : Would you inform mo through the columns of your valuable paper how the white ink is made, such aa is used on colored paper ?-A solution of oxalic acid may be -uaed on blue paper. Or a body ink may be made by rubbing up Chinese white with gum arabic water. Noiseless Gunpowder - P. 0. (Buckley's " Croasing) : Is noiseless gunpowder obtainable in Sydney ? If so, what ia tho price ?-There is no noise . leas gunpowder. A smokeless powder, which has a report similar to a rifle, can be obtained irom any gunmaker advertising in the JOURNAL at 9a por lb. : Microscope-J. M. (Coy's Diggings) : What is tho price of a Sin diameter of the most poworful microscope?-We do not understand what you mean. . A miner's qnartz-oxamining microscope (very power ful) ia obtainable from any optician advertising in the TOWN AND COUNTRY JOURNAL for about 7s 6d. Surveyor's Examinations-Alpha : What are'the subjects for examination for Burveyora, and how far must their subjects be studied ?-Geometry, trigonometry, algebra, mensaration, draughting, and astronomy. A complete general knowledge of tho?o ia required, to which mt.efc be added certificates of three years' experience in a Burvey party. Finding a Reef-Prospector : If I find a reef o a conditional lease, can I take np a mineral lease o ífe-P-No. but you can apply to the Minister of Mines through the warden for the diatriot, for an author it to search for gold or mineralB under the provisions t the Mining Aot of 1889. University Examination-Iaabel (Queens land) : A passea a university examination iu thre Bnbjecta, obtaining A, B, B ; W. S. passea the same ei amination in six subjects, obtaining B,B, B, B, B, h Which do yon consider the best pasB (noth candidate studying the same six aabjtots)?-The pasa in Bi subjects is certaiüly the bstter. Taxing Bachelors-Querist (Sydney) : Can yo famish me with the date of the debate in the Victc rian Parliament re taxation of bachelors ?-We do no think that any regular debate ever took place in th Viotorian Parliament with reference to the subjcc you mention. The matter may very probably hav been spoken of there, though never formally iutrc duced. Speed of Steamers-Marlow : 1. What is th average rate of speed attained by the steamers of th Cunard line plying between Now York and Livei pool ?-Between 16 and 17 knotB. 2. Is it possibl for the trip between Sydney and London-to be dou in twenty-eight days; or has it heon done in tha time ?-lt is possible, but it has not yet been done v tho time. Florida Oranges - American (Melbourne) There are in Florida about 10,000 orange-growers The acreage ia 100,000, and the capital invested ii from 60,000,000dol to 75,000,000dol. . Throo seasoni ago there were produced 1,250,000 boxes; two sea aona ago, 2,100,000, and last season about 2,500,001 boxes, lt ia estimated that tho crop of 1890 will b< over 4,000,000 boxes. Lighthouse-keepers-A. B. C. (Gunnedah) : 1 What wages do lighthouso-keepers receive in N.S.W. i -From ¿89G to ¿8250 nor annum. 2. Is it difficult tc get an appointaient as such, and to whom ehoulc applications be mado P-Lightkeepers' positions,whiol rarely occur, are filled up from boatmf-n already ir the service, as a rule. Applications should bo son! to the aocretary of tho Marino Board. Dissolving Shellac-N. M. (Warwick, Q.) : Can yon give me a liquid that will dissolve shellac, without the aid of alcohol, and that will keep it m liquid form?-Use saturated solution of borax in water. This will not give you a very strong solution. Wood alcohol is often used ; it is about half as expen sive as grain alcohol. To provont cracking, if in alcohol, add a little caator oil ; if in wator, add glycerine. San Francisco-W. B. (Lambton) Can you furnish me with any information about work in San Francisco, and the atato of the country in general ? Of courae, it depends upon what class of work you are looking for ; but for general work we can state from long experience you had much better 6tay where you are. The general state of tho country is a long way inferior to that of N.S.W., the wages lower, and the hourB longer. A Right of "Way-Bighead : 1. How long must a road be used by tho public so that it cannot be closed ?-Twenty years aa of right. 2. There wa« a road here through land taken up by selection, rot freehold, which had been UBed by the public for six teen or aeventoen years. It ia now closed with a wiro fence. Would a person bo liable if he out tho wire and went throueh?-Yea. 3." Yes; appeal within twenty-eight daya. Sick Horse-Old Joe (Queenaland) : I have a horse whioh I think ia hide-bound. He keeps very poor, although on good pasture, and tho hide ia very tight on him. He is lively enough to ride. I bled him, taking 2 quarts from him, but he does not pick up. What is a remedy ?-Give him a feed of oats and chaff night and morning, and you will find him im prove. The grass this season ia so succulent that some horses will not thrive on it. Broken Hill-J. B. (Hillgrove) : 1. What is the route from Armidale to Broken Hill, and what will be about the cost of going there ?-Armidale to Syd ney (by rail), ¿82; Sydney to Adelaide, per Adelaide Steamahip Co., saloon ¿84, steerage ¿81 15s ; Adelaide to Port Pirie (by steamer), ¿S3, which takes you within ono day'a rail journey of Broken Hill. 2. Is it a healthy place?-Yea. 3. Is there much work there ?-Work ia not very plentiful there. The University Senate-Mick (Parkes): 1. Will you kindly inform me what changée the Sydney University Senate have made with regard to the M.A. examination ?-No changea have been made in the bylaw to regulate the examination of the degree of M.A. Tho examination will, however, be moro stringent in character than it has been formerly. Full particulars of the subjects of examination are published annually in the Univereity Calendar. Aquarium-Fisher (Auckland) : I am building a wooden aquarium, and would be much obliged if you would tell mo the best cement to uso in putting in the glass, and also the host paint to coat the bottom with to make it impervious to water ?- CJse a mixture of Burgundy pitch 150 parts, old gutta percha in fine shreds 25 parts, finely powdered pumice stone 75 parts, for cement, and paint bottom with same. It mu«t bo applied hot, and a hot iron wire may bo used to melt it into crevices, &c.; Some Land Questions-Glanmire : 1. Can persons strip wattle bark and remove it from a con ¡ ditional lease after the land board has ordered it to be measured ? If so, are they bound to put the fallen timber and buBhes in heaps ?-Yes. 2. If A selects on B's annual lease (they are both stock holders) is B hound to fence ha'f the dividing bound ary fences ?-No. 3. If B owne purchased land join inpr a conditional lease ia he bound to pay half tho cost of the fence P-Yes. Bordeaux Mixture-H. K. (Hawthorne, Vio.) : The original formula of the Bordeaux mixture, which haa beon so successfully uaed againat black rot in grapes, ÍB aa followa : Dissolve 161b of sulphate of copppr in 22gal of water ; in another vessel slack 301b of limo in 6gal of water. When the latter mixture ia cooled, it is slowly poured into the copper solution, caro being taken to mix the fluids thoroughly by constant stirring. It is well to have thia compound prepared some days before it is required for nae. It should be well stirred before applying. Bacon Curing-J. L. (Wallerawang): Please give a recipe for curing bacon as adopted in New Zealand or in the southern districts. I want it for hand-cured bacon ?-The following ingredients will be sufficient for a medium sized pig : 121b of common salt, Coz saltpetre, 21b coarse sugar, 2oz black pepper. Mode : Mix 2oz of the saltpetre with llb of the salt, and sprinkle over the sides of the bacon the firat day to draw out the blood. The following day turn the sidea over to drain, arid sprinkle with a portion of each ingredient, taking care to rub in thu salt near bones. The process to be continued every day for a fortnight, by whiih time the ingredients (which mu8fc be kept in a dry place from day to day) should have been used. The bacon must then be put to dry. See also anBwera to similar questions in recent numbers of the JOTJBNAI,,' Hemedy for Pimples-L. H. (Rockhampton Q.): What is a remedy for pimples (acne)?-Th< black spots ahonld be picked oat with a needle br t small pair of tweezers. Afterward wash the fae« with water hf which a small piece of Qnillar bark hat been steeped, or with bitter almond emulsion ; oi borax 1 dr, water 4oz. When there is no inflamma tion use eau de cologne, or a few drops of oil of rose mary dissolved in spirits of wine; and take a Braal dose of magnesia in tho morning. Sweet Potatoes-W. P. (Narrabri) ; 1. Can yoi give me any information as to the culture of sweei potatoes, particularly the timo they take to ripen? Sweet potatoes aro produced from the Blip. To pro duce tho slips the potatoes must be placed in loose sandy loam, about 4in beneath the surface, in a warm, moist, well-drained place. The slips are planted out in rows in well-prepared drills like cab bages. They take from three to four months to ripen. 2. Sometimos aa much aa GO yards. Western Australia - Subscriber (Charter? Towera) and other correspondents : Owing to rocent gold discoveries a rush is beginning to net into Western Australia. When responsible government ia obtained the place will doubtle8s go ahead. The now gold diacoveries aro between 300 and 400 mileB from Perth. The faros from Sydney to (Perth) Fremantle : Saloon, ¿813 15s; atoerage, ¿88 10s. The beat route ia via Sydney. Tho success or otherwise I of persona omigrating to that colony is too dependent on circumstances for ua to advise individúala. An Athletic Australian-Officer : 1. Are there any good cheat expanding appliances other than the ordinary gymnastic apparatus-dumb-bell, clubs, tars, climbing ropes, vaulting, &c.; p-If yon take re gular exercise with the articles mentioned we do not think you will need any othors. Rubber cheat ex panders aro obtainable at any athletic depot in Syd noy ata cost of about 5s. Rowing, combined with gym nastics, ought to moot your requirements. 2. What are tho meaauremonta of a well-made Auatralian man ?-Height, 5ffc lOin ; chest, 40in ; biceps, 13in ; thigh, 23in ; calf, 15in. The chest ahould be mea-1 aured when tho lunga aro empty. Salting Butter-H. B. (Maryborough, Q.) : IE tho brine used in salting butter boiled the same af beef brine ? I boiled it, but not Betting the same nico cloan color, I threw it away. I fancy the butter must color the brine. Owing to tho quantity of feed and the calves being young, our butter is of a very fino color.-Tho brine may or may not be boiled. It may be made hy pouring boiling water over tho salt, but it should bo so strong that the water will not take up any moro salt, and of course it must bo cloan, No doubt tho vegetable coloring iu your butter would color the brine, but this can be mended by using now brine for each parcel of butter salted. Assisted Immigration-Reader (Bowral) : 1. Which of the colonies, if at present bringins out immigrants, freo oras^^B. ?-Queensland only. 2\. What is the cost of brinco^Pmt an adult assister! passengor?-Certificates are only now issued foi assisted passages to husbands for their wives, and for children coming out with their mothers, thc deposit required being: Children under 3 years old nil ; 3 years and under 14, £1 ; married women no1 exceedincr 40 years, ¿62 ; over 40 years, ¿£15. 3. Whai length of time ia a person supposed to stay in thc colony at whoso expense he has been brought oui before he can leave it?-In Queensland, six montha. Fastening Leather to Tin-J. D. (Redfern) 1\. I want to attach leather to tin without having tc roughen the tin. What can I use for a cement oi gino ?-Aa a simple preparation use a froahly made Bolution of gu tn tragacanth. It ahould be about as thick as butter. Ordinary glue mixed with tannie acid and at once applied, or a preparation made by 8oaking shellao in strong ammonia for ten days, may answer your purpose. 2. I havo a lot of solu ble glaps with which I have; mixed shellac. What can I add to make it still more adhesive to use as a cement for ordinary purposes ?-You cannot make it satisfactorily adhesiva as a cement for general use. Electric Lighting-J. D. (FairBeld) : Can you inform me through your valuable journal where I can prooure the incandescent electrie light, as I have seen advertised in Queensland paper8 ? And what kind of a light would it be for a small magic lantern, and about price of same ?-An incandescent lamp can I be utilised for magic lantern purpoaea,but it requires I a largo primary battery; and aa this is difficult of transport, and requirea oontinual attention for re charging of liquid and replacing of worn-out elements, it can only be aafely used by an individual who is willing to make himself thoroughly conversant with ita working, and devote the necessary time to keep it in order. The price dependa on the size of the lan tern. Officers in N.S.W. Forces-Offioer.- 1. What subjects are volunteer or permanent officers (land forces) required to pass in at their first examina tion?-Write to the Military Staff Office, Sydney, for a copy of the regulations relating to those ap pointments, which are too long to qnote here. 2. What text-books are used?-"Field Exercise," "Manual of Rifle Exorcises," "Firing Exercises," "Muaketry Regulations," " Local Act and Regula tions," and " Standing Orders." 3. What steps should I take to obtain a lieutenant's commission in the Permanent Artillery, or any permanent force of N.S.W. ?-Apply by letter to the officer command ing military, giving full particulars as to social status, age. height, physique, &c.; Tank Measurements.-Selector (Baan Baa) : 336 cubic yards.-Subscriber (Dubbo) : 1782 cubic yards.-E. S. and C. H. (Nyngan) : The anawers we gave to these, viz. (1) 284 cubic yards, (2) 134 cubic yards, (3) 47 cubic yards, (4) 69 cubic yards, are correct. Probably you made a miatake in draw ing out tho diagrams for ua.-J. M. (Coy's Dig gings) : We do not properly understand what you mean. The square tank thus made would hold con siderably lesa than the round one. A circle is the largest area with the smallest boundary.-B. C, and Co. (Urana) : Tho priBmoidal formula, add to gether the areas of the two enda, and four timea tho area of a middle aection parallel to the ends. Mul tiply tho sum by tho depth, and divide by 6, and re sult will be the volume. Preserves, &c-Mra.; A. (Kimbriki) : 1. Can you inform mo how to make date plum jam? 2. Pieaae tell me how to preserve gramma in earthen ware jara. 3. How could I make bladder atick on the top of bottles to keep the air out ?-1. Let tho plums be quite ripe and sound, wipe them with a clean cloth, then out them into alices, removing tho seeds, and to eaoh lb of fruit add fib of loaf sugar, and boil thoroughly. 2..Take a gramma that is quito ripe and Bound, ont it into pieces about 2£in square, removing the skin and seeds. Prepare a Byrup of i pint of water to-Jib of; BUgar,-flavor with the Bkin and juice of Lisbon lemon; boil well and skim, then put in the gramma, and boil gently until nice and Boft. Muat be kept in air-tight jars. 3. Procure a bullock's bladder, already, blown, Foak it in warm water until soft, then dry with a cloth and place over the top of the bottle, and tie tightly with twine. . . ' How Long is a Mile-W. J. (Brisbane) s The Irish mile is 2240yd*, the Swiss mile is 9153yds, the Italian mile is 1766yds, the Scotoh mile is 1984yds, the Tuscan mile is 1808yds, the German mile ia 8106yds, the. Arabian mile is 2143yds, the Turkish mile Í8 1826yds, the Flemish mile is 6869yds; the Vienna post mile is 8296yds,: the Roman mile ls 1628yds or 2025yds, the Werst mile.ia 1167yds or 1337yds, the Dutch and Prussian mile is 6480yds, the Swediah and Danish mile ia 7341'5yds, the English and American mile is 1700yds. Paste, Etiquette, and Grease-A. G. (Doodle Cooma): 1. How can I make a good paate?-The best paste for general purposes ia wheaten flour beaten into cold wator to perfect smoothness, and the whole just brought to a boil, while being constantly stirred to prevent burning. The addition of a little alum will koop it from turning sour. 2. The poetry should bo printed and then pasted in tho scrap book. 3\. What is a good book on etiquette p-" Modern Etiquette for Publio and Private," la ; " Etiquette for Ladies and Gentlemen," la ; from any bookseller advertising in this papor. 4. What will take grease spots out of paper P-Warm the part containing the grease, and apply blotting paper to extract aa much grease as possible. Boil some clear essential oil of turpentine, and apply it to tho warm paper with a soft clean brush. A little roctified spirits of wine should bo put over afterward. Shoe-blacking-Inquirer (Adelaide) asks : Can you give mo receipts for blacking for ahoea,'liquid and aolid. 1. Blacking: Ivory blaok 501b, cod liver oil lgal, oil of vitriol 101b, powdered gum arabic or senogal llb, molassea 4gal, vinogar 15gal. Grind together the ivory black, gum, and oil with a portion of tho vinegar, add tho molassea, and while stirring pour in alowly tho oil of vitriol. Whon all action coasos add the roat of the vinegar. 2. Paste blacking : Ivory blaok 251b, molaasos 2gal, oil of vitriol 41b, cod livor oil 4gal, vinegar 6gal, powdered gum arabic or aenegal iib. All the in gredients except the oil of vitriol aro fírpt thoroughly mixed and pround, th"n the oil of vitriol ia alowly stirred in. It ia kept for a week and stirred daily to insure combination. 3. Liquid stain poliah for shoes : Gum tragaoanth 2oz, isinglasa loz, beer lgal, glycerine llb, extract of logwood 2oz, powdered galla loz, copperas 2oz. Steep tho logwood, galla, and copperas in the beer for some days, add tho glycerine, strain and dissolve the gum and isinglass in the mix turo, and, if neoeaaary, strain again. Thia formula makes a preparation auitable for light leather. Quartz-crushing Plant-Au Revoir : 1. Hav ; ing had an argument respooting the price of quartz breaking machinery of the latest designs erected for fulfilling all the duties required of it to separate the gold thoroughly, could you give, as nearly as pos sible, the respective prices of. entire plant for the before-mentioned work?-The cost of a complete crushing and gold-saving plant may be variously ostimated at from ¿£1500 to several thousands of pounds sterling, according to extent and number of various appliances. 2. Are there any high-priced ' ones erected in or about Wellington, N.S.W. ?-Yes. ; On the Mitchell's Crrek Freehold Gold Estate, Wel 1 lington, which consists of one 20-h.p. double cylin . der Marchell portable, two Lamberton mills for ' re-crushing tailings equal to about 10-head stampers, ~> six true vanners to save pyrites worked by a 5-horee ' Tangyo engine, two 7in plunger sand pumpB, slime ; tables, copper plates, &c;, a reverberatory furnace, a Blake's duplex pump, and other machinery. There is also in course of ereotion a 15-head battery driven , by 30-h.p. horizontal engine. The total cont and " erection of thia crushing and gold-aaving plant can J not be lesa than ¿£10,000. - ; ¡ Points of Poultry-G.W. J.(Inverell) : 1. Willyou s please give me the pointa of a cock?-A cock should r be a strong, hearty, erect, gloasy plumaged, vigorous, , courageoua bird, ready to take hie own part, and io ? defend his harem. Each breed has ita own reapectn e ; pointa by which it ia judged, which, in many in , stances, are mere vagarie8 of fanciera. 2. What is ! the plumage of a duckwing game cook ?-The duck i wing game cook ia one of the moat beautiful of bjrda. HÍ8 face ia well-defined crimson, tho head just covered with silver white, email, fine feathera, hackles almost white, only a tinge of straw provading ; his back à marone straw and claret ; saddle just a shade darker ! than tho hackle, the feathera being very fine and short, just long enough to hide the points of tho winga. The shoulders are a nice braas, or a brassy , marone, right from the botts to tho clear ateel bair, : and no light streaks, which will, however, appear if not very carefully bred ; the ahoulder butts black', tail black, with a abade of bioDze prevading thë sickles, eyes rod, loga mollow or yellow, weight from 51b toGIb, ahort. 3. Which ia the beat poultry book; and the price ?-Wright'a "Poultry," 4a, from any bookseller advortiaing in the JOURNAL. New Pest-A. L. (Goulburn) : The grub is dead and too shrivelled for identification. The eoale found on tho bark of the apple tree ia undoubtedly the destructive Mytilaspis pomorum, Bouché, commonly known in America as the oyater Bhell bark louee, and in Europe, New Zealand, and Tasmania aa the mussel scab. Aa far a» we aro aware, thia pest was not hitherto known to have established itself either in thiB colony or in Victoria or Queensland, but there seems every probability of ita becoming naturalised here;'it is spreading rapidly in Tasmania and else where. It waa introduced from Europe into the United States in 1870, and there regarded aa being " on the whole the most pernicious and destructive of any insect in that country." Apple and pear trees with amooth bark suffer most ; young trees are often killed. The beat mode of treatment is said to be.to sorape the scales off with tho back of an old knife ; this, though laborious, ia not a perfectly effectual cure, but lasts for some years. A fine wire brush ia sometimes used for removing scales. The insects must be killed after their removal, otherwiae this treatment may tend only to spread them. The best way ia to burn them. Pickling Cabbage, &c-E.; H. (Hurstville); 1\. I have a large number of red (piokling) cabbage, and am deairons of pickling them. Can I do so in kegs or small ca8ks, and will tho pickle keep in wood? -The pickles will keep in wood. Old spirit kegs are the beat. Stone jars are, however, much better, as the wood will moro or lesa taste and discolor the pickles. 2. I planted about an aero of potatoes last year. They proved very Bmall, so I left the greatfr part in the ground. They have sprung np again', and the second crop ia fino marketable potatoes. Please say if thia is usual. The ground waa newly turned in turf land, and was probably sour at first ^i No, it is not usual, and tho want of the decay and assimilation of tho fertilising ingredients in your soil was no doubt the cause of the failure of tho first crop. 3\. I am staoldng pumpkins on a dry shelf in a dry outhouse. Will they koop till next Bpring or summer?-Yes, if they aro of a good keeping sort. You have at all events taken the proper precaution B to keep them. Plaoe them so as they do not touoh each other. 4. Is Mr. Douglas Baird (" Mr. Abington ") a lord?-Mr. Douglas Baird ia not *' Mr..Abington,-' which is the racing name of hia couain, Mr. George Biird. Both are partners in the great Sooth iron firm of Baird and Co., Gartaheirie Ironworks, Lanarkshire, and neither of them are lords. . ~1 ' " Tomato Sauce-Subscriber^ (Deniliquin) : Will . you kindly give a recipe for making tomato sanee P Here are two recipes. 1. Tomato sance for present nae: Take ldoz ripe tomatoes. Cut them in halveß. '/Press the seeds aud the watery part from them. Put 'them in a stewpan with a quarter of a pint of gravy . or strong broth, and a quarter of a saltspoonful of 'cayenne. Let them stew softly until they are Smelted. Press them through a fine sieve. Put the pulp back into the stewpan with half a teaspoonful of salt. Let it simmer gently for a few minutes. Serve very hot. If likod, a blade of mace, 1 2 or 3 eschalots, and 2 cloves may be stowed with the tomatoes. But moat lovers of tomatoes prefer that , they should retain their distinctive character, and . conaider that tomato sauce is spoiled if it is flavored ; with other ingredients. Ü. Boil a peck ot sound ripe tomatoes to a pulp. Press through a oullender or j ' sieve to prevent tho skins remaining. Put the strained pulp into a preserving pan; and add ll.-' ' brown sugar, £ pint vinegar, 1 tablespoonful of salt, 1 teaspoonful c lyenno, 2 tableBpoonaful ground gin ' ger, 2 ditto spice, 1 tablespoonful of finely pounded " cloves. Boil for three hours ; and do not let it burn. It will keep for twelve months. h Tree Cleaning, &c.-Woodland; (Nyngan) : 1. ; Please tell mo how to prepare caustic soda wash to .jolean orange trees from rod scale and smut, and how ¡ to apply it ?-Caustic soda, llb ; water, 7gal ; soda . dissolved, and liquor sprayed on with a hand pump while about 140deg hot. Thia strength will kill some ; of the loaves, but will not injure the bark. Apply in ? the winter. It will require soveral applications to , kill all the insects, and requires to be handled with care. 2. Can you ri?commend any other wash for ' cleaning my trees?-We have givon numorous re \- a ¡pea for cleaning trees, and if you koop reading the ? paper you will find plenty of thom, but if you have . the T>-d scale (Aepidiotua aurantii) you will find it very hard to got rid of. A good remedy for the deatruotion of orango tree pesta ÍD the Parramatta . district, and ono easily applied, is 41b aoft aoap, 10 . bucketa of water, boil until thoroughly mixed, then add 101b sulphur, stir well, add J pint keroaene tar , 10 each buoketful of the wash, and apply hot with a whitewash brush. Thia waah will last three or four years. The half of the battle in applying any of i t'aeso waahea or apraya Í8 in applying them Hcalding hot, as by this moana the insects and their larvas are more or lesa cooked. In faot, hot water without any addition whatever applied scalding hot ia a good remedy when there ia no other at hand. 3. I have some cherry trees whioh bloom every year, still don't produce any lruit. The leaves aro Bhreaded, other . wise the trees are olean and healthy. What would ' you advise ?-Your part of the country ia too hot and " dry for the cherry tree to fruit. . Miscellaneous.-Broken Hill : A list of those names haa never been publiahod. Application to the . judicial authority in Germany which pronounced the conviction ia the only aafe manner of finding out if ra name is included in tho amno8ty --Inquirer !:(Yass)t We do not know of any auch apecial rake. A reoent invention of a tubular roller shod with knives for chopping up tho stalks on tho field ia the .applianoe wo know o- for that pnrposo.-P. M. . (Orange) : How many subjects have candidatea to pasa in tor thia year'B junior examination?-Th^e, '.whioh must not all re contained in a ainglo group. , G. W. G. (Wyee) : We know of no inatauoe of oroas Of Bilver phenBant with bantam hen, but believe it to -be possible. You might give it a trial. Hybride .will not breed. We do not know of an inatance. .--P. J. T. (Gundagai): Thia question has been already answered twice within the laat two months; See the back numbrra of the JOURNAL.-C. Li (Launceston, T.) : You might try some patent tree! roat and scrub destroyer. How it would act upon . briars we oannot aay.-Monaro : See the advertise ments intheLadioa' pageB of tho JOURNAL.-A. A. (Murwillumbah) : It can be ordered through any bookseller advertising in the JOURNAL. Subscrip tion, about 3B per annum.-Inquirer (Narrandera) : .Cane cutting will commence as soon as the weather takes up, and the proper place to apply is on the works, or write to the manager of the Richmond , River Sugar Co. mills, Rous, Richmond River. ~-Subscriber (Strathfield) : Apply to the secretary of the Agricultural Society, Gosford ; to Mr. Walker. Emu Plains ; visit the Kurrajong, and communicate with Mr. Dymock, Jamberoo.--J. C. (Warne) : There ie a person of that name in Sydney. We do not care to give advice in a case where medi cal men have failed, and we cannot say who is the best.doctor, in Sydney.-W. Y. (Herberton, Q.) : Sèë reply to A. B. (Marrickville) in the TOWN ANE ' COXTNTBY JOURNAL of April 5 last.--Subscriber ' (Ballarat, V.) : It is impossible for ua to anawer this question.-Bally (Willoon) : Judging by state ments made and the experience of aeveral of om subscribers, we should aay it ia worth trying. Yon can: obtain it from any atorekeoper.-Bondi : Why .don't you read the paper carefully for your anawer í < An answer to your query was given in our issue ol April 26.-Subscriber (Bathurst) : Re-boil the soap and add a little powdered reain. The resin asaiats the soap to harden, and gives .it ,a yellow color.-Trent: We cannot under take to reoommend particular tradoamen. Subscriber, M. C. : The fruit whioh you forwarded to thia office ia au egg fruit. Ita botanical name is Solanum origerun. They are sometimes cooked.and reaten.-Reserve (Pittsworth): We cannot advise with any degree of certainty without full particulars, but it would appear that E is entitled to make a road Where he likes. The case is one for the opinion of counsel.-P. M. (Orange) : " Goodewin'a Meohanica" or" Todhunter's." Write to any bookseller adver tising in our columns for price and particulars. F. K. (Albury) : 200 cats.-F. G. (Cobar) : No. 1, ll'acres: No. 2, 5 acres.-Master (Hanging Rock) : Your beetle belongs to the Cetonidea, and ia scien tifically known aa Dilochrosis BaTcewelli. white. It . was described in 1859, and is figured in the Proceed ings'of the Zoological Society for that year (p. 119, pl. 58, fig. 7). The Bpeoies is not uncommon in New .South Wales and Victoria.-X. Y. Z. (Wagga) : t Write to the Marino Board at Auckland, N.Z. Subscriber (Guyra) : Hoffman's " Tricks with the Carda," 2a 6d, from any of the booksellers who adyertiae in our columns. Any storekeeper will supply the carda.-C. P. (Daylesford, V.) : The . returns for 1889 are not yot to hand.-A. J, (Walcha) : 1. Write to the manager of the station, .2. About £10 via Sydney.-H. J. H. (Barlow): The beat thing you can do ia to write to a^y gun maker advertising in our columna and tell hin: what the rifle is required for. Price anc particulars will then bo forwarded to you, -J. F. (Surry Hill8) : Wo are not aware that the natives of the various colonies are called by different names. The terms " gumanckers" and "cornstalka" are generally applied to all Australians. Tho Vic torians, however, have lately been called "wind bags." 2. How did they originate?-Some old in .habitant will tell you that.--Trent : The only bool we oui hear of is Kraft's "Australian Snakes,' which ia quite out of print, and- very scarce. Kenzie (Wagga .Wagga) :;? The recitation inquired foi appears to be out of print, as it is not contained ii any collection of recitations kept by the Sydney booksellers. 