-r -British and Foreign. ';? There are said to.be'still about 6,000 men' in the British army who can neither read1 ?''nor'write.y; .'.';,:;:''»: '''??'' ' -?? '?'? '.'?-' '»?.'?! ':'.?. ? F- ^The: 'experiment of ;. trying vto^aboliBhi barrel .orcansandiatreet banda has Recently been made in New York. It failed- mainly, 'because. a. -large) class among the ' poorer members of the population find enjoyment in this sort of music. . The authorities have, therefore, now adopted the' plan of licens ing a1 certain limited number of;.organ: grinders, who hold their, licenses ' during 'good behaviour only, and so far the idea is ; said to have succeeded. wvlt. '??-? ? ???? ??? ? ? Last summer the Kkam Snickeri factory, of Stockholm, forwarded four wooden villas to Brazil, and thoy have attracted so, much notice that, large orders for others have been received, to be executed, during the preeent .winter. This factory has also manufactured the wooden structures for' the Swedish sec tion of the great (agricultural: exhibition tip beh'eld'in Buenos.'Ayres, as well; bs that' to contain 'the , Danish'1 dairy, both being ;Scdndina vain in style. . : 1 President1 Van:Hornei' of .the Canadian Pacific railway, foresees the certainty that the; journey around; the world will be made in 38 days within a few years. This will be ; when, the great trans-Asiatic railroad across Russia is completed. . With a Ehip crossiuc w«|.an;uc m nve pays, ana cne journey from 'the1 Atlantic to tlie Pacific made in four days, which can be.done' t6:day'rby whosoever'is willing' to- pay for it, all: that' will be needed will be close connections be tween boat and rail at every point. ?- i '.-??': ; A magiifftcent'forest of oaks andchest nuts','tne property1 of the corporation of ' Locarno; Canton Tessin, France, extending for ;oVor' 'four miles, :;has:: beenij entirely- destroyed by fire. Two hundred .men en deavored to extinguish the; flames- without success. The surrounding country; for- miles was brilliantly illuminated, causing a magnificent, but at the same time terrify ing spectacle.' The wind was blowing with great; violence: at the time, and this' in creased the fury of the flames. ?'??'' ??'??'; \- Tho House of Commons, having des patched all the important business on the notice' papej, adjourned, at the. close of a morning sitting, on April 1, for the Easter' holidays, the House riot meeting again fora fortnight/ All sections of ,the House were evidently governed bythe same anxiety .to! get off as soon as possible. for'the vacation, and ; as soon.as the necessary 'votes of supply ''demanded' ,T»y ,the',First ' Lord .' of the Treasury | we're pissed the'House adjourned. '. Lord Rosebery presided at the first house dinner of the Scottish Liberal Club in -its' new premises in Princes Street, Edinburgh, oh April 2. In the course of a lengthy speech, the noble lord expressed his' belief in the future reunion of the Liberal . party, on the ground that the question i which now 'divided' the party was; one ' not, of morals, but of expediency, and would' be settled for a generation by the next general election. Referring to the Irish question, hifl.lordship.said:— .../,. ' , ' I believe that the n»xt election, when ever it comes; and whatever result it n»v have, will, in .all probability for our generation at any rate -and no statesman would dare to speak 'for more than this generation— settle the Irish question. That is my belief, and that 'is the belief on which I found my faith that the reunion of the Liberal party is not so distantly remote as it : may seem;: because, however that question ' may ! bee settled, in whichever form it may .-take its final .solution, Scottish Liberals will reunite on the questions on which they have always, been united, and find it impossible permanently, in any degree, or to any extent, or to any number, to ally with their permanent and almost hereditary political enemies. - : : ; Discontent among the students in Russia appears, according to the latest informa tion, to have' increased, instead 'of sub siding. On April 2 two or three hundred students in St. Petersburg intended to march in a body to the Ministry, of Public Instruction and present a petition, but the police: intervened, and arrested 175, of their number. It is reported that about 300, students of the Technological Institute have been likewise imprisoned. At Moscow 16 students are to be treated by the police as political revolutionists. At Kharkoff 67 students have been arrested. . , The Czar of Russia appears to be taking a leaf out of the German Emperor's book.' On March 31 he is reported to have .paid a visit to the Military Prison in St. Peters burg, and talked to the hundred and nine teen soldiers therein confined as : to (the causes of their imprisonment. : His Majesty ordered sixty of them to be liberated, and the period of detention of the others to be reduced.. This is as it should be. ?;A return, moved for last year, has been presented to the House of Commons ' show-' ing the number of persons who. have been; imprisoned, or ftnied for non-H:pmpliahce 'with the Vaccination Acts.' In England 10,585 persons and in Wales 75 have' been' fined, and in England 113 persons have been imprisoned. The imprisonment has' only in one, case lasted beyond fourteen 'days.. - .- ??;,.- ?? ', ?'/ .- The first annual delegate meeting - of the Dockers' Union was held at Toynbee Hall, ? Whitechapel, on Saturday, March 29. - Mr Tom. Mann, who presided, said conciliation boards should consist of the duly- elected representatives of the employers and of the employed. ? The report 'for the half-year | ended December. 31 showed a balance in hand of £9956. The membership numbers 49,600, of whom 24,000 are in the metro politan area and 10,000 at Hull. The Stanley and African Exhibition affords a curious insight into the uncivilised notion of ornaments.. Bar-stretchers, five inches long, the lobe of the ear being drawn down to that distance that the extremity of the ivory 'stretcher ' may be inserted, seem as little comfortable as silver or wooden lip-stretchers with their diameter of quite an inch and a-half . The upper lip is pulled out, and the so-called ornament pressed in behind it. The pain and discomfort must excel that of tight waists and ear-piercing au practised in England. It has been stated to the Select Com mittee of the Dominion Parliament on Im migration and Colonisation, by the, Deputy Minister of Agriculture, that the total im migration to Canada last year was about 91,000. Of these 27,571 arrived by the St. Lawrence and 38,617 from the'- United States. Of the latter 25,521'were Canadians returning to Canada. The balance of the immigrants travelled by the way of the Maritime provinces. United States ports, and British Columbia. 26j809 persons axe eported as having settled in Manitoba and rn»Nortb.?We8tv--: ....,? ...^ ;;.,-:. . . ;i; ,; ? il:,--\\) 'in ;';:?! cV; r5,-:,.i r,.-i:,'[L\\. :,;;?-?-. 