GENERAL NEWS. The Miixbrook Water Scheme.—On Friday some forty members of tbe Legislature and several other gentlemen at tbe invitation of the Commissioner of Public Wor^is paid a vieit of inspection to the proposed Millbrook Reservoir, and examined the scheme for filling the reservoir with water from the Torrens through a tunnel from near the Gumeracha Bridge. The suggested site for the reservoir was favourably commented on, and regret was expressed that the whole Bcheme had not been brought belore the Barossa Water Commis sion. The trip was both interesting and pleasant. Refrigerating Can.—Messrs. Humble and Nicholson, of Geclong, inform us that they intend sending a Taylor's patent refrigerating car on a trial trip from Geelong to Adelaide and back to Melbourne. The car will contain fifty sheep and a full charge of cold accumula ors, which will not in any way bb added to or interfered with during the trial. It is ex pected that the car will arrive in Adelaide to night. The Reduced Postal Rates.—On Friday afternoon the Minister of Education (Hon. D. Bews) and the Postmaster-General (Mr. C. Todd) had a consultation with respect to the reduction of the cable rates. Both gentlemen are of opinion that Queensland and New Zealand, which colonies are not prepared to take a share of the loss which would be in volved, should at least supplement the receipts so as to cover the loss on their own messages. The result of the interview was that Mr. Bews sent a telegram to the Postmaster-General of Victoria, suggesting that the Governments of the dissenting colonies should l>c invited to Bend delegates to a conference to consider the matter. Pobt Cliston Mails.—The residents of Port Clinton are to be provided with addi tional postal facilities, as the Minister of Edu cation (Hon. D. Bews) has decided that they shall have three malls a week after Monday next. The Stockbrokers and the Intercolo nial Telegraph Service,—Several of the leading brokers waited on the Minister of Education on Friday, and made the follow ing requests:—1. That the rates for telegrams between Adelaide and Melbourne should be reduced from 2s. to 1s. 2. That rates between Adelaide and Broken Hill be reduced after - the first ten words from 2d. to 1d. 3\. That, the price of urgent wires be re- duced from 4s to 2s. 4. That a direct wire be placed between the Adelaide and Melbourne Exchanges. 5. That break ages in the wires should he immediately posted' j conspicuously at the Exchange as well as at the Post-Office, 6. That the Adelaide office be open to receive messages at 8.30 a-m. 7. That brokers messages be delivered promptly. 8\. That code messages when written in English and in sequence be not charged extra. 9. That a less charge be made for repeating a message in the same town. 10. That domestic tele phones be used for sending urgent brokers wires at night. 11. That brokers be allowed to pay their telegraphic accounts weekly. The arguments used by Mr. Proud are given elsewhere. The Minister, in reply, said he was afraid they could not reduce the rates between Adelaide and Melbourne, nor could a direct wire be laid on. The question of reducing the price of urgent messages would be considered. The fifth, sixth, and seventh requests would be complied with. The eighth would propably be agreed to, and the rest would be considered. Viceregal.—His Excellency tbe Governor of Western Australia (Sir W. C. F. Robinson), while on his recent visit to this colony, pur chased from Messrs. Thomas Barlow & Sons a landau, which was shipped yesterday for j Perth. Savingb Bank. — The following is the 1 monthly report for November:—Numberofnew depositors at Adelaide 348, and 18 accounts reopened=366; do.fat 129 agencies 419, and 13 j accounts reopened=432; total, 798. Number j of accounts closed at Adelaide, 243; do. at 129 agencies, 110; total, 353. Present number of depositors, 70,506; increase of depositors, 445. Receipts from depositors, Adelaide, £67,124 19s. 9d.; from 129 agencies, £34,693 17s. 8d.; total, £101,818 17s, 5d. Repayments to deposi tors, Adelaide, £62,452 Is.; do. to 129. agencies,' £16,435 17s.. 9d.^total*£78,887.18s.. 9d; ■ 'Increase of deposits,\£22;930188.. 8d, • >! Sudden Death.—Ou Friday morning infor- J motion was receivedby the City, Watchhguse authorities:, that Mr®, Mackmaa, :of young-' streetj had diedenddenly. It is believed .that-'j she accidentally took a dose of poison. The': Coroner has "been informed and. pill hold an[] inquest to-day. ;l ' Egg' GuRiosrrf.—We have' been- shown a very peculiar freak of nature in the shape of'j egge laid by a duck belonging to Mr. Wall, of the Globe HoteL Glenelg. A few days ago tbe duck laid such a large egg that Mr. Wall decided to blow it, with the idea of keeping the shell as a curiosity. On doing this he dis covered a perfect egg inside the large one. A day or two after this the same bird laid an egg about the size of the one which iB insido the large egg. ORrHAN Home fob Girls.—Tbe monthly meeting of the committee of the Orphan Home for Girls was held at the home, Carring ton-street, on Monday. There were present Mesdames Kennion, Farr, Campbell, Black more, Field, Lady Morgan, Lady Downer, Miss Stuckey, and the Secretary. The Secre tary reported receipts for month £32 18s. 6d. j Included in this was the sum of £20 7s. 6d., being proceeds of Cake Fair held at Miss Phillipson's schoolB, North Adelaide. Monthly account® to the amount of £23 6s. 7d. ana building accounts to £52 8s. lOd. were passed for payment. A vote of thanks was passed to. Miss Philligson for ber able management of tbe Cake Fair and the satisfactory result. The Offer of Dr. H. H. Norman to act as Hem. Dental Surgeon to the institution was accepted with thanks. Two children were passed for admission, subject to Dr, Cawley's certificate. Gifts of fruit, eggs, butter, jam, Ac., were acknowledged from Mesdames A. oimms. Sough, Charnock, G. Young, and Hill (Clare). The Mutual Assurance Society of Vic toria.—The Hon.. J. Coles (Speaker of tbe House-of Assembly) has been appointed a member of tbe Adelaide Board of Directors of tbis Society. j The Sl'EAKEit'8 Dinner.—The House of As sembly adjourned at an early hour on Thursday evening to allow of bon. members attending the annual dinner to which they had been invited by the Speaker (Hon. J. Coles). At half-past 7 o'clock the Speaker's guests arrived, and they were received in the Assembly Chamber by Mr. Coles. An excellent dinner was provided in the large dining-room by Mr. Hines, the Par liamentary caterer. About seventy gentlemen were present, including His Excellency the Governor, His Honor the Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Bundey, the President of the Legisla tive Council, Major-General Dowries, the Sur veyor-General, Commissioner of Police, Crown. Solicitor, Messrs. J. H. Smith, J. Hill, and A. S. Keill (Railway Commissioners), the Hon. E.. Ward, Messrs. J. H. Finlayson, J. L. Bony thon, P. McM. Glynn, Captain Thomson (A.D.C.), Mr. Colin Campbell and Mr. Mansel (Private Secretaries to His Excellency), Mr. Dalieson and Mr. Coombe (visitors to the - colony), Mr. Halcomb (Clerk of the House of Assembly), Mr. A. E. Wilby (Clerk Assistant), Mr. Morice (Librarian), Mr. E. G. Blackmoro (Clerk of Parliaments), Mr. Morpbett (Clerk Assistant), and Mr. W. W. Wilby. The only toast proposed was that of the Queen. The proceedings ended at 10 o'clock. Commercial Bank of South Australia.— The liquidators have drawn forty-three cheques for payment to-day of interest to that number of creditors who have during the past week accepted the terms offered by the committee acting for the oontributories. Such cheques - cover claims on £11,200 Is. 7d., original debts ■ due to the Bank. . This payment, with those of the 21st and 28th ;ult., being reply to the com- - mittee's final circular, represent 198 cheques; debts, £73,160 14s. lid. The settlements made ' since the appointment of the committee total : debts to the amomit of about £604,108. The accepted replies now in hand, and those ' received prior to next Tuesday, will be paid on Friday next, the 12th inst., on which date the committee will commence preparing a list of outstanding creditors and seek the direction of - the Supreme Court. The August No-confidence' Division.— The following was the division-list taken . after the no confidence debate against the Cockburn Government on August 15:—Ayes, . 28 — Bray, Smith, Catt, Kingston, Parsons, Bews, Butler, Caldwell, Castwe, Dashwood,. Gilbert, Gould, Graybon, Hancock, Handy Eide, Homburg, Hopkins, Horn, Jenkins,. Johnson, H. C. Kelly, McDonald, Miller,,. Moule, Rounsevell, Stock, White, and Play ford^ Noes, 23—Treasurer, Commissioner .of;' Public WorkB, Commissioner of Crown Lands,. Attorney-General, J. W. Downer, Howe, Ash,. Bartlett, Brooker, Cock, Cohen, Gilos, Gillen,, Hack, Hague, J, It Kelly, Lake, Lamshed, Landseer, O'Loughlin, Scherk, Solomon, and.. Chief Secretary. Majority of 5 for the Ayes,.; Pair—Aye, Hawker; No, Graingen Northern Territory.—Th« value of . tbfl i imports into the Northern Territory during the quarter ended September 3Q last., was, £26,416,,and of the exports £612,011.: Twentyr.-: one vessels, representing 21,839 tons,' .withe 1,016 men, entered Port /Darwin during the same period, and 20 left, representing 20,360-, tons and 971 men. Tire quarterns immigration, totalled 126 persons, of - whom 105 were males,, and emigration 203, of whom 187 were males. Customs receipts for the period under notice - amounted to £7,122. Diphtheria at Currauulka.—Our corre-' spondent writes on December 2 The resi dents of this town and distriot have recently been made painfully cognisant of the worst features of diphtheria.. The disease seems to have confined itself to the north-east portion. of the district, and the affected patients have been those wtio have been - in the habit of mixing together socially, their visits to each other having even taken place during the pro gress of the disease. Hence there need be little surprise that fourteen or fifteen young people have been affected, some with the mild form, others with the malignant. The case of the family of Mr. Agnew is especially Bad-. Willie, the second son, aged sixteen years,, visited an affected patient, returned, and con tracted the mild form of the disease. Five other members of the household were subse quently attacked with the malignant species, of whom two have succumbed, and one is so ex-' oeedingly prostrated that it is doubtful whether she can reoover. Sarah, the eldest girl, who-, died, was about thirteen years of age,and a most promising and intelligent child. General regret is felt throughout the district at the sad occurrence. Sarah Agnew was buried on Saturday morning and Samuel on Sunday morning. The attendance at the grave was in both cases very large. New Road at Aldgate.—A public meeting of the ratepayers of the Distriot of Stirling, was held in the Stirling West Institute on Tuesday evening, December 2, to consider the. advisableness of constructing a deviation of. the Echunga- road by way of Aldgate Valley., There were about thirty ratepayers presents Mr. W. H. Milford, Chairman of the Council, presided. Mr. C. A. Arndt apologised on. behalf of himself and others forming, the depu tation which waited on, the Treasurer, asking - that the deviation be.made, for not waiting on the. Council and .asking their support! before going to the Treasurer. He also moved .the following, resolution—''That, this .'meetings of [ rRtepayprs -of the Difetriot of Btnling7fully i rec6giiise the desir»blenes3 of the-. AHgafo, ' Valley deviatjon being -constructed as a maiin> road, as it-is necessary for an outlet for the. present settlers, -and wall- prove.a. great! oonr: venience to the general traffic from the - south, - in securing an almost level gradient -anal shorter distance; and form a grand road to (develop and open the numerous Crown lands on both sides as yet not taken up, and even for traffic, far beyond Gum Flat." The motion was, seconded by Mr. Marchant. Messrs. W. Porteous and F. Biesenberger also supported, it. The Chairman and Conncillor Flaunagan, stated that they accepted the apology tendered, by Mr. Arndt, but could not support them.in. getting the road, as the Council, had already asked the Government to place the old, Echunga-road on the schedule of main roads. The resolution was carried. It was also re solved that a copy of the resolution be for warded to the Treasurer. > The Late Mr. R. G. Moore.—The legal. profession has lost a very promising member from its ranks in the person of the late Mr. R. G. Moore, son of the late Dr. Moore, one of the most highly esteemed medical practitioners in Adolaide. Mr. R. G. Moore was educated at Cambridge and was a member of theTemple He subsequently practised his profession here, and was recognised as one of our ablest cabinet lawyers. He was a young man of scientific attainments and literary tastes. He had, perhaps, the finest collection of works on Shakspeare in the colony, and bis library, em bracing a great variety of subjects, is said to contain some 5,000 or 6,000 volumes. Mr.' Moore had been ailing for some time, and his death was not unexpected, as for some weeks-' he had been seriously ilL His brother, Dr. Moore, of Strathalbyn, has been attending him for some time past. Mr. Moore died at about: 12.30 p.m. on Thursday. At the time of his death he was a member of the finp of Moore and Tomkinson. COMPLIMENTARY IiCKCIIKOK.— On Tuesday afternoon, Docembcr 2, Mr. J. Shaw gave a I complimentary luncheon at the York Hotel to Messrs. E. Brooks aud F. M. D. Gankroger, proprietorsof theMintaroslatequarries. There was a large assembly, including architects, members of the building and contracting pro fessions, and several heads of departmentsin the Civil Service. Several complimentary toasts were submitted, and Mr. Brooks spoke of the irregularity of delivery of goods during the recent strike.. They had visited the quarry a a few days ago. and they were now in a position to deliver large quantities. They had interviewed the Railway Commissioners and mode favourable terms, and they were now able to compete with Mel bourne and Tasmanian industries. Lately I thev bad completed three lighthouse floors for the'Tasmanian Government, and the reply was that it was the best piece of workmanship in the ■colony. Mr. Gankroger also spoke of the future of the industry and of the colony gene rallv. The Late Captain Walker.—The news I of the death of Captain Harry Walker, of the Barossa, fell like a pall upon his old mends at the Fort and elsewhere who had known him and his ships for over a quarter of a century. \ His father owned the greater part of the Arab Steed, the first vessel Captain Walker | brought here in the sixties, when he had a very smart crew of coloured men, and loaded up on the home voyage with wool. He had I then made many friends by his open- handed, ! genial liberality, and on every succeeding voyage in the Arab Steed he seemed to become more and more at home amongst colonial surroundings. In 1873 the-Barossa was built by File, of Sunderland, for Captain Walker's command, and from that time till the pre sent year be had made regular voyages of a successful character. At the pre sent time hiB old friends were antici pating his return when the news of his untimely death was announced. : He has left a large family, most of whom are grown up. Almost every time he has arrived of late he has expressed a wish to give up the sea and stay on shore, especially as he had the pro spect of becoming one of the Brethren of the Trinity Board. During his very long connec tion with the colony he proved himself a model master, and was most unremitting in attention to his vessel. He was suoh a favourite amongst seamen that on several occasions when .all the vessels in the Port suffered from deser tion he took home his original crew, whom nothing could induce to quit the ship. Captain Walker made seventeen consecutive voyages in the Barossa, and kept her like a yacht all the time. He brought up p, large -number of youngsters, some of whom are now i in command, and there are few masters held in I higher esteem by officers and seamen than the | lamented Captain H. F. Walker. Assets Pcechase Company. — An ordi nary meeting of this Company was held at the Secretary's Office on Tuesday J .afternoon, December 3. Mr. H. D. 'Gell pre-1 aided,and presented-the following, report of. the Directors:—"The balance-sheet now pre sented is highly satisfactory; ' indicating active and ^successful realization 'of the astets. Dating the '. past -six months over £30,000 has i been obtained from the sale -of assets; This has; enabled the' Direotors to repay the Bank overdraft, and to return to the shareholders the whole of the paid-up capital, j leaving £91 12s. 7d. -in hand. Tenders have been invited for the purchase of the principal j assets of the Company, situate in the Nor- j them Territory; by this method it is hoped that a satisfactory prion will be obtained and a . clearance effected. Lists of freehold proper ties; revised' to date are being pub lished. The co-operation of shareholders j is invited in securing the further realisation." In moving the adoption of the report and balance-sheet, Mr. Gell said that so far the j results of the Company's operations had fully justified the estimates which the Directors had made with reference to the values of the j assets. Since the date when the balance-sheet j wasmadeupthecreditbalaucehadbeenincreased j to over £1,400, and property had been j realized, although the money had not yet been received, to the extent of £2,500. The Direotors had adopted the policy of realizing the assets as speedily as }x>ssible without holding to them for years in the hope that j much better prices would be obtained. Mr. J. Eitzen seconded, and the motion was carried. The Medical Register.—The President of the Pharmaceutical Society (Mr. Grundy) has taken considerable trouble as to providing means for informing the public who are legally qualified medical practitioners, and, after j several conferences with leading M.D.'s, has | arranged for a complete list to date to be pub- ] lished in the directory and supplied to each practitioner and chemist in the colony. I Eeast op St. Francis Xavier. — The ] . annual meeting of the associates of the Holy -Childhood was held in St. Francis Xavicr's Cathedral at 10 o'clock on Wednesday. The Cathedral was filled to its utmost capacity, ] upwards of 1,300 children from the city and. suburbs being present. At 10 o'clock Mass was celebrated by the Rev. Father McMahon: ; several of the clergy assisted in the Sanctuary, i At the commencement of the Mass the hymn ! "Faith of our Fathers" was intoned, andtaken up by all the children, the effect of which was .most touching. Immediately after Mass the ] Very Rev.' Father Williams, of Port. Ade laide", addrefesed the little cues) who: listened •! to him "th'rdughgnt with rapt -attention as'.he ' dstolt'bn the chief dbjeots of thd Association' of ,j the Holy Childhood. He regretted very much that Has' Grace-' the Afchbishop,: who' takes such a deep interest in the Association, was not able to address them as usual, owing to his recent illness. He regretted also the absence of the Central Director, the Rev. F. Hager, S.J., of Norwood, who is likewise ill. But he hoped that the account of the ■ day's proceedings, the very large number who assembled, and the generous alms which they j ■ offered, would be most gratifying both to His Grace and to the Central Director. He then exhorted the children to prize and treasure and be ever grateful to God for the gift of | Divine faith which he bestowed uponthein in ; their baptism,' He requested them, further more, to do alt that lay in their power, esjie- j oiallv by their prayers and aim deeds, to • obtain, for the little ones of Pagan parents in Africa, China, and elsewhere, the same gift -of Divine faith through baptism. The rev. ■ preacher next blessed the children, after which they made their httie offerings (which amounted to £7), which was lianaed over to the Central Director. Before dispersing the hymn "Hail Queen of Heaven" was sung with great fervour. Accident at Salibbery.—Mr. James Whit bread, of Salisbury, a much-respected farmer, fell from a'loaid of hay while in the field on Friday. His spine, seems. to have received injury, and his great age, eighty-four, renders his recovery-veiy doubtful Indian Horses.—The Indian Government is open to purchase during the ensuing season 1,157 Australian and Cape horses for army purposes, the average price being fixed at 050 rupees. Horses must be from four to six years and 14 hands 3.inches to 16 hands high. Tho Calcutta remount depot will open on October 1, 1891. The Military Conference. — Generate j Downes, Tulloch, and Richard noil, Goloaels i French, Barnaid, and I)e Wolski, Major ! Hannny, Captain Moore, E.X., and Mr. Blackburn, of the Public Worlcs Depart ment of Victoria, arrived by the Austral on' Tuesday morning from Western Australia. In speaking to our rei»rter General Downes said that after a careful and thorough examination the Conference had drawn up a report, to which they have all agreed. This report make3 certain recommendations of a specific nature, and in the opinion of the Defence Conference the works should be begun at once. The Conference, after care ful consideration, sees nothing to prevent their recommendations being approved of and the work being carried out witliout delay. They consider that the various positions indicated are of the utmost importance, and the British Government has intimated its strong de sire to begin operations immediately. As strategic points, as depots, and as places of refuge the Conference consider the positions selected are of great importance. They landed at Largs Bay Jetty, two of the members paying a visit to Largs Fort to make an examination. The other members came up to the city by special mail train and arrived here about noon. General Tulloch, Colonels French, Barnard, and De Wolski, and Major Hannay left by the afternoon's express train for Mel bourne. Some members of the Commission proceed to Tasmania next Tuesday, and will be joined there by Generate Downes and Tulloch next Friday week. General Downes will not leave here till Thursday week. He will arrive in Melbourne in time to catch the steamer leaving for Tasmania on the Friday. The members of the Com mission propose stopping in Tasmania ten days or a fortnight. They will proceed to Thursday Island and Fort Darwin probably in April next. The reason for not going earlier is owing to the unsuitableness.of the weather v there prior to about that date. Tim INTERCOLONIAL MlLITART Tourna jmEkt.—On Tuesday morning the members of the South Australian Militia who took part in the recent Intercolonial Military Tournament held in Melbourne returned to Adelaide by express train. Cavalry, artillery, and in- : fan try were represented, and the men had a very good time in the sister city. Tim MacDonnell Ranges. — In] Cabinet, on Tuesday morning, Messrs. W. W. Terrell and G. P. Deane were ap pointed to go to the MacDonnell Ranges in charge of Government prospecting parties. Camels are prepared to leave Warrina on ! Friday, and Messrs. Terrell and Deane will at j once pioceed to that place and make up their parties. Their engagement will be for about six months. They will receive their instructions from the Government Geologist I (Mr. H. Y. L. Brown), who will by-and-by go | to the MacDonnell Ranges to examine into the . results of their work. Mr. Terrell is a well kpowii mining expert, and Mr. Deane has had. long experience of bush' life and ptospeoting iuTthe Northern - Territory. j Royal Society ox. South Australia.—The' monthly meeting xif the Royal, Society of J South Australia was hold qt the Pnblic Library v ■op Tuesday evening. The. Rev. T. BlRckburn'.j was in the chair.' It Was moved by Dr.' Cle-' land that a grant'of a sum qf' money be wade towards defraying' the expenses of the Aiit- j arctic Expedition. This was seconded by Mr. Pratt. After discussion the motion was lost. It was resolved on the motion of Professor Tait that the Secretary should write and explain that the Society was in sympathy with the motion, but that it had not j sufficient funds to grant a sum of money for that purpose. Professor Tait moved— " That this meeting learns with deep regret of the loss sustained by. the Linnean Society of New South Wales and Science in general by the death of its President, Professor W. J. Stephens." Carried. * Professor Tait then moved—That it be a recommendation to the j Council to solicit from Mr. James Parkinson a paper detailing his . important geological _ dis coveries in the neighbourhood of Leigh's Creek." In speaking to the motion the Pro fessor called attention to some statements j which had been made by Mr. Parkinson in the newspapers, and thought it was desirable to. ask that gentleman to give the data on which he founded his conclusions. Carried. Mr. A. '/Aetz, the Assistant Director of the Public . Museum, exhibited a number of marine speci mens taken from the old Port Darwin cable. Mr. ,T. G. O. Tepper, F.L.S., read a paper on the " Cryptogamic Flora of South Australia" by Dr. Ludwig. Dr. Cleland also read a paper by the Rev. H. Kempo on the " Grammar and Vocabulary of the Aboriginals about the Finke River." Murray Flats Traffic.—The Select Com mittee who were appointed by the Assembly to consider the best means of accommodating the traffic on the Murray Flats, presented their report on Tuesday. They recommend the construction of a light railway at a cost of about £3,000 per mile between Monarto and i Sedan. The Transcontinental Railway.—In the Assembly on Tuesday, December 1, the Com missioner of Public Works (Hon. W. B. Rouusevell) tabled a long report—some forty i folios of foolscap MS.—accompanied by a plan ! of the preliminary examination by Mr. j Graham Stewart; tlip Superintending Sur-j ' veyor, on the routo of the Transcontinental Railwav from Angle Pole to Alice Springs. I i Largs and.- Sematjiork JKvriES.^-On. N»vfimKer:D Miv CaldWollracked for: a,', return; Igiyhlgjin comparative -statement various .pm> tacuWs, concerning Largs and SemaiSliora Jetties." The paper was laid before the Assembly, oh Tuesdajvaud was to the following effect:—' Largs Jetty—Length, 2,111 ft.; Semaphore I Jetty, 2,200 ft.; breath—Largs 24 and 48 I ft., Semaphore IS ft.; depth outer end (low water, spring tide)—Largs 17 ft., Semaphore I 8 ft.; cost of jetty to date—Largs £33,096, Semaphore £15,742; estimated cost of addi tions necessary to carry a train—Semaphore, £4,500. (On the Largs Jetty no additions are I necessary for the purjiose at present, hut in a | few years a number of the piles will require renewing, which has been estimated to cost approximately £5,000.) Cost ofneceasaryaltera tions to railway—Largs nil, Semaphore I £1.000; ruling gradient from shore end of jetty J to the Military-road—Largs 1 in 188 ft., Semaphore 1 in. 40 ft.; gross weight of train that can be carried on jetty—Largs 0' tons on : one ]>air of wheels, Semaphore 2ij tons on one pair of wheels—when strengthened, 10 tons 16 cwt. on same; distance between ends of jetty and ocean steamers' buoy—Largs 5,800 ft.,' Semaphore 7,800 ft.; extra length required to extend to 24 ft. (low water, spring tide)— Large 3,500. ft. Semaphore 6,000 ft.; ap proximate cost of extension same width as. Semaphore Jetty—Largs £40,100, Semaphore i £64,900. Labour Conference.-^On Tuesday evening the conference between employers of labour in the building trade and employes was resumed. Eleven delegates from either side attended. The questions considered were the rates of wages, overtime, and travelling: fares. It is proposed, should-an agreement"be come to, that the new rules shall oome into force next year. A lengthy discussion .ensued! but "no definite decision was made, mpstqf the matters being referred back to tue different Societies. The conference then adjourned for a week. The Elder Scholarship of Music.— After an examination extending over two days this valuable scholarship has been won by Miss A. K. Porter, of William-street, Norwood, a young lady who, though only fourteen years of age, gives "promise of developing into a pianists of much ability.. Miss A. K. Porterwas taught by Miss Franzislcn Piittmann. At the final examination Professor Ives was assisted in the selection by Mr. T. N. Stephens and the representatives of Sir Thomas Eider (Messrs. A. Von Treuer and Martin). Miss Porter is the third successful holder, Mr. Otto Fischer, who recently visited the colony, being the first, and Miss Hack, whom Miss Porter sucoeeds at Easter next, the second. Mr. Fischer and Miss Hack were successful as singers, while Miss Porter is the first pianistewho has obtained the distinction. It will be remembered among the competitors for the first scholar ship Miss Piittmann occupied a very high posi tion, and it must be very gratifying to that accomplished teacher to know that her know ledge has proved so useful to the present holder. Mies Porter is to be congratulated upon being the successful one ont of the fifteen candidates. Eight made singing their chief study, five violin playing, and two pianoforte playing. The scholarship is tenable for three years, and entitles the winner to receive musical education and board during that period at the Royal College of Music, London, free of cost. Miss Porter is a daughter of Mr. T. D. Porter, of the Surveyor-General's Office. The young hdy has just completed her fifteenth year, and her success has afforded much grati fication to her friends and relatives. Mowing Accident.—On Tuesday afternoon at Tanunda Gottlieb Kleeman met with an accident whilst working a mowing machine, which resulted in his left forearm being cut off near the elbow. He was brought down to the Adelaide Hospital, where he is now progressing favourably. Williams Fond.—We have received the following additional sum for the case of Mrs. Williams mentioned by Mr. C. H. Goode in a letter to the RcgitUr:—Employes and friends Geo. Mugg & Co., £G. Total, £29 2s. Bills Fund.—Received—McLean Brothers, Rigg, &Co.;, £1 Is.; W. G. C., 2s. Cd.; M. E., 2e. (id.; J. C., 2s. Gd.; Mrs. Scbreler, 10s.; Arthur H. Nash± £1 Is.; A Friend, 2s. 6d.; G. and R. Wills & Co., £3 3s.; G. J. D., £1; N. H. 2s. Gd.: J. Gordon,£2 2s.; Kathleen, £2; C. J., 10s.; Boola Boola, £1 15s.; C. G., 5s.; S. K., 2s. Gd.; Boola Boola, £1 15s.; E. C. Norwood, 5s.; Hon. A. B. Murray, £2; A. He Beer and wife, 10s. Gd.; Sympathy (Clare), £1 Is. ; J. E. M., £1; H. J. Mosely, £1; Mrs. Smith, 5s.; Mrs. Rischbeith, £2; A Sympathizer (Glenelg), 10s.; officers of the Postal Branch, G.P.O., £6 8s. Gd.; E.E.H., 10s. The Rev. C. H. Goldsmith has also received various amounts in aid of the fund, including £5 from His Excellency theGovernor. Mr. H. Nock has also received various sums. In order to preveut any misunderstanding we inay say that we acknowledge only the sub scriptions sent direct to this office. " Alpine" Defence Funil — At- -an 'ad journed meeting of the Aldinc Defence Com mittee, . held' at .the. Hamburg .Hptel on De cember 2, Mr. llettig in tjio ehaifv there Were oyer twenty-five gentlemen present, and com munications were received from Gawler-and Caltowie. :A committee was appointed to carry out the objects of the meeting with power to appoint a canvasser. A Treasurer was duly appointed, aud a subscription-list Was opened. It was resolved to cooperate with the com mittees at Gawler and Caltowie. ScHAER AND MUELLER'S CORK FaOTORT.— During the last eighteen months the industry of cork-making has been introduced to Ade laide by Messrs. Sehaer & Mueller, and it is pleasing to record that with the gratifying in crease in our native wine production it bids fair to assume large dimensions, and ultimately to entirely supplant the imported manufacture. A visit by one of our representatives to the factory in the basement of the firm's premises, in Leigh-street, on Wednesday, revealed the operations of cork-cutting, tapering, &c.;, in full swing. First was noticed the large bales of corkwood as imported in slabs, of varying thickness, direot from Portu gal, The age of the wood is easily told by expertsfrom the number of layers showing, and different qualities of corks are cut accordingly. From five up to teu or twelve years' growth of wood is utilized in making corks of the smallest size up to the largest "bungs" for vats. The machines, of Danish manufacture, are driven by a gas-engine, and work at great silted,, one man being able to make 20.000 corks a day. A small slab of cork is held in position by the attendant, and the corks are pvmc-lied out by a hollow steel tube or "bore" just as fast as lie can manipulate, and |)aesing through a tube are thrown into a receptacle on the left hand. The sizes, from the smallest medicine bottle up to the largest champagne corks, are, of course, dependent on the size of the tube employed. For tajiering there is a separate machine, worked also very rapidly, each cork being made to revolve under a parer, which can he adjusted according to the amount of tapering required. At another machine a mechanic was employed in making "shivus" for casks. These were of kauri pine wood, prepared in small squares, fixed on a lathe, and theninoiieoperatiou cut to the proper circumference and degree of tapering. . Tim-' teen gross per-day can be-turned oat by this machine. The firm is-receiving, ample en couragement- from the trade; but there werc-no.1 ! Government concessions on the importation .of: t'lie'incichinery, In thefirm's showrooihs ttiere isaj.-u'ge display- of.reqniroinents.fov brewers, winemakcrs, distillers, and bottlers, alj. point ing to the present and prospective increase oh business. Railway Revenue.—'The railway -revenue for the week ending November 2!l was £24,102, the corresponding weok of 18S9 being £18,250, showing an increase of £5,852. The Building Trade. — We understand that the dispute between the masters and men in the building trade as to the latter de clining to work with non- Unionists is nut yet settled, but is being further discussed in conference between the parties. The crisis threatened to assume an acute form on Friday, when the employes of a city painter ' went out, but it passed off, when they after wards resumed tlieir i>osts in view of the con ference sitting again at an early date. It is believed that an amicable arrangement will be arrived at. One of the builders in the Ade laide lulls lately had some trouble with his labourers as to wages, the result being thattwo or three left him because he refused to advance wages' from Gs. Cd. to 7s. a day.. The em ployer, however, experienced no difficulty, as he refilled the places. ■ . The Broken Hill Traffic Agreements.— The Commissioners of Railways have received 'payment from the Silverton Tramway" Com pany of charges made under the rates of the existing three years' agreement for traffic over the South Australian Railways from Broken Hijl up -to the end of September. The Govern ment, have decided to defer until next session qf. parliament the consideration, of further negotiations which have taken place or which ! may take' place between the Railway Commis sioner ana the Silverton Tramway and Bar rier Mining Companies for new traffic, agree ments. 