~ TEU6RAMS. ENGLISH AND FOREIGN ; :„???.? NEWS. ? -???' ..'????.'.; i , LONDON, Apbii.,18,715 p.m. ,/ ' The Prince of Wales ?will propose, and Lord, Brassay will second, , the. pro posal of, membership of Mr O. J. Miller, of Australia, to the Royal ; Yacht Olub Squadron. '.. ./.,_.'? It has been decided that the governV ing body of the Imperial Institute shall contain .35: colorial members — ?' British North America having 11 j Australasia, 12 ; Africa, 3 ; and other iBiitish colonies, including ..Fiji;.. 9. ^Tasmania and West Australia have one .representative each, and the other. Australian Colonies two each. It is authoritatively stated that Lord Uarrington, Governor of New South Wales,- will return at the end of five years. The Earl of Lothian is gene rally, regarded as his successor. An Intercolonial Conference on sub marine cables will be held in Paris on May 15. The silver market is, rapidly advan cing, and prices will probably still further increase. , , At the wool sales to-day heavy wools were slow of sale. ,''.'. ; ' . ; ' New Zealand frozen lamb is quoted, at 6|d per 1b ; mutton, at 4^d ; beef, hindquarters at 4^d, and forequartera at4&d.; -'. / ????-.., One hundred and fifty entire car cases, landed from the Ashleigh Brook,' were condemned as unfit for food, and her total cargo was more or less aflected. It is reported that the directors ,of the Orient; Company, Messrs. Donald uurne, ana ocner snipping nims, are negotiating for the purchase of the Tilbury docks. ' ?' '_ '? ' They also hope 'to arrange special' terms with the owners of obher docks, and dockers, by which ^a repetition of the recent stoppage of trade will be prevented. Miss Rains, a young ballet dancer, has entered a breach of promise suit against Sir George W. Elliot, M.P. for Rich mond, Yorkshire, the damages being laid at £5000. * The Czar of Russia's palace at Finland was burned last night by in cendiaries, and several of the servants1 were destroyed in the flames. Apart, 18, 8'35 p.m. In his evidence to-day, before the select committee appointed by the House of Commons to enquire into the West Australian Enabling Bill, Sir T. Cockburh-Oampbell stated that if the eastern Australian colonies were attacked by a foreign enemy, the im portance of the sentiments of West Australia would be considered English rather than those of England as against Imperial interests. The reservation of Albany for English defence purposes, would \\\ be, a, standing menace to the colonies.. United Australia, he added, would be. able to repulse a hostile at tack from either Germany or. France1 if they attempted to annex West Aus tralia'.'- ';'. , .These opinions greatly surprised, the committee. ' ' ?- '? In the breach of promise case which Miss' Harris, a young ballet dancer, brought against -.Sir Geo. W. Ellioi,, M.P. for Richmond, Yorkshire, claim ing £5000 damages, the jury were un able to agree. In the matter of liquidating the affairs of Messrs. Petsch, DoehHng, and Co., the Court* of Bankruptcy has ap proved of a' petition requesting that' the business maybe continued for the benefit of the creditors until 10s in the. £ is paid. ? ' ' 'The shipments of New Zealand butter, and cheese recently to hand have been sold in the London market. Good butter has realised 75s per cwt., and prime 85s; and cheese of good brands has been sold at 47s per cwtJ The qualities of both butter and cheese were very unequal. Apeil-19, 12'40p.m. ? The quotation for Straits tin to-day was '.£90 10s for delivery in three months. , : ' LONDON.'Apbil 18, 845 p.m. Qne .' hundred and thirty Jewish houses in Sandie, Galicia, have been; bnrned by incendaries, as a result of an anti-semitic plot. ....-? i .... ,The directors of the Australian Trust and Agency Company have declared ? a dividend of 22£ per cent. . ' The directors of the Orient Company have declared a dividend of 5 per cent. *. and carried .£56,000 to the reserve fund. The Belgian Government have aban doned the proposed loan of .£6,000,000, to Congo Free State for railway and military, purposes. . The wool market continues steady, there still being , good competition. South Australian, wools are neglected' by buyers, „ owing to its wasteful character. ' Foreign buyers; have1 secured three-fifths of the quantity purchased. ,,, -; ,-? , The leather-market is neglected,! the, bulk of that offered being bought; in. Basils have., declined a halfpenny;;;and hides have receded one-eighth.,' ''.'-, ' Father .Sphynse, who was one of the* German's rescued'b'y Mr H. M7 Stanley, during his relief expedition, has pub-' lished a pamphlet in which he declares that Stanley's, real object was to utilise Emin Bey's forces for the purpose of conquering for England the Equatorial provinces, to furnish , an outlet for the Nombassa trade, ! The Hon. J, White's Kirkbam will compete for the Two Thousand Guineas 'Stakes, to be run for at Newmarket on Wednesday, April 30. He is not mentioned in the betting. . ' LONDON, Apart 21, 5 35a.m. The Beetroot .Sugar Refiners' Union of Berlin protest strongly against the^ proposed removal of the export bounties ion sugar. , ... . ? ?? . ? '?? Major Serpa Pinto, the Portuguese commander who hauled down ijhe, .British flag in Zambesia, has arrived at Lisbon, where he was received with, great enthusiasm by the populace, but there was no disorder. ? Miss Myra Kemble has appeared in London in.. a matinee performance, which was very successful. She has been offered a London; engagement. .?? . The caucus committee ,of the United \- States Parliament, have abandoned the Silver Bill providing for the purchase :of a fixed quantity of silver monthly at standard rates, and .now advocate. free silver coinage. ..?...?., They, are now preparing1 a bill which, will probably prove acceptable to all parties, limiting the issue, of notes to the amount of silver produced in the United States. '?..-, .'. The Austrian Government refuse to permit men in the employ of the Go vernment to take - part in the demon stration in support of the eight hours movement, . which will take place on, Mayday. Private firms, however, are granting the men the holiday. , LONDON, Apbil 21, 7'20 p.m. The shipment of Tasmanian apples which arrived per R.M.S. Oceana have opened out well, and the varieties are commanding good prices. The death is announced of Mr Ste phen Mason, an ex-member of the House of Commons. [The deceased gentleman sat for the Middle Division of Lanarkshire (Scot land) from 18,85 to April, 1888, when he resigned. He was. a Glasgow mer chant, a member of the Cobden Olub, and author of pamphlets on land and monetary questions. He was a director and an ex-President of the Glasgow Chamber of Commerce.] . The Poonah's cargo of Australian wheat realised 35s per quarter. Eight thousand five hundred quarters, to be delivered in March, sold for 34s 9d. English wheat is worth 36s, and Conti nental wheat 35s 6d. At the wool sales crossbreds and good merinos are 'selling well, other lots being neglected. ^ ' : LONDON. Apbil 21, 11-45 A.m. Owing to the violent tone displayed at' the Socialist, meetings held in France in connection with the demonstration to be held on Mayday in advocacy of the eight hbur3 movement, the French Government have announced that the proposed demonstration in Paris will be vigorously suppressed. LONDON, Apbil 22, 515 AM.. Miss Hairs, the ballet-dancer, who ? sued Sir G. Elliott, M.P., for £500 damages for breach of promise, and in which the jury were unable to agree, has applied to the Court for leave to withdraw the. case. : , The British miners who .were arrested for having hsuled down the Transvaal flag, at .Johannesburg have been let off with,. light fines or acquittal. The Hon. W. Windom, Secretary of the Treasury in the United States, con siders the silver coinage scheme pro pounded by the Senate Committee to be an extreme measure. .;. . ,..? LONDON, Apbil 22, 663 p.m. ?MrM'KLenna, vice-president of the United . States branch of the .Irish National League, has resigned that position. He states that the National League exists no longer, and that the American leaguers will not submit to the leadership of assassins. ?-.'.-: Bar silver is quoted 3s 9£d per oz., with a steady market. The Right Hon. O. E. Raikes, Post master-General, and the Agents-General, for the Colonies will meet shortly to discuss the' reductions in the' ocean postage proposed in the Budget of the Right Hon. G. J. Gosohen, Chancellor of the Exchequer. '' ' ?''? Apbil 23J'4-55am. ?' 'Speaking at Bradford last evening the Postmaster- General, stated that three years ago he earnestly desired to make ; the ' reductions ; in the ocean postal rates which were now proposed. .The Select Committee appointed by i the House of Commons to enquire into and report upon a scheme of State colonisation will examine the Agents General of the. Colonies on Thursday. The death is announced of , Mr Fran-', cis H. Dutton, brother, of thedateMr F., S. Dutton,' formerly AgentGene'ral of South Australia; ', ?' . ' ' ? ' .;;, :; *, , r , At the'fwboi sales ! good .cross- breds ?are firm,. but other wools are flatter.-- ? /The 'Tasmanian apples which 'arrived ' in the Oceana are of ? inferior size, and quality to /those of .last-- season, jput the paokmg is decidedly -superior. -, '..';?.;. ?.' .'Two thousand: four .hundred .cases realised from 15s to 25a per case, the average, price being Ll 7s 6d..;;;v.- -.'?.??? -??-?-?? , ' [Mr T. Si'Lipscdmbej secretary to the Fruitgrowers' Association, -informs the - .Mercury, that ^Mr J. ? Goldsmith has 'received a ' ? cablegram' ? from Messrs.' Garcia, : Jacobs, and'-' Co., whose establishment is in London, stating that the -first shipment* of this season's' apples by the s.s. Oceana had been sold' at good figures. , The shipment . was consigned to that .firm, and Ribsto'ne Pippins realised 20a to 22s .per case ; ^Adams' Pearmains,- ...,17a,. to. ,19s.;. and; New York Pippins^jies; to ,18s.. .All i these .quotations include ^cases., 0,This,;is. ! confirmation of ; the, oft-repeated atate, ment that first-class fruit readily com-, :mands high prices in the London : market.] . . . . ? ,- ? ;-,?... , ! Mr S. H. Parker, one of, the ? West Australian . delegates, . . in giving : I evidence to-day befpria the Selebt^Oomr mittee appointed by , . i the House. . of Commons to enquire into the West ! Australian Enabling Bill, entirely dis agreed with the opinions given by his ? fellow ' delegate, Sir' J. ' Cockburn ? Campbell relative to:the .'reseryation1 of Albany as an Imperial station!' !He ;statcd that there would be no. objec tion to 'Albany being made a second' 1 Gibraltar, but it was' imperative that the West Australian Government should have control of the Northern Territory unless a new 'Colony were there created. He suggested that amend ments should be made in the bill for ?the purpose of preventing the immi gration to West Australia of 'Anglo Chinese subjects. ???-???:'?? ?? Herr Licht, ' the German Agricul tural Statist, estimates that the next seven months' production- of beet will show an increase of 107,000 tons, his estimate for the season showing a ^surplus of 840,000 tons. = , The-Wwld to-day states.' that Dr. Barry,1 Suffragan Bishop of Rochester, and formerly Primate of Australia, has declined the Bishopric, of: St. Albans,' [rendered ' vacant by the resignation of Bishop Olaughton. i- ? .- .-. Mr F. R. Cowen's new; Scandinavian: opera. : has been produced at Drury Lane. Theatre by the Carl Rosa Opera: Company, and' was a brilliant' success. Amongst those present were the Prince of Wales and Duke of ; Edinburgh. . LONDON, -Apbil' 23, 4'65' A.M. Mr S. H. Parker, one of the West (Australian delegates on the Enabling Bill question, has been appointed a ?Queen's Counsel. ' .' ' ' '' ' ' I '?'? Her Majesty Queen Victoria is now at Darmstadt; where she will meet the Emberor and Empress of G'ermariv' and the -Dowager 'Empress Frederic on' :Friday. ?' ? -p i:i''--' ' - ?-?? - ??? The bill authorising' the' United Staiea Exhibition to be held in-1892 at' Chicago has been' 'approved by ^Con gress. : ' ?? ' ?-' ?'?? -'' - ' ??- Seventy thousand ' laborers will parade the streets of Chicago -on May day in: advocacy- of' the eight hours' movement. ? . . ?? Mr A.'Pretzeker has' been appointed Danish consul. at Brisbane. ' ' 