of l-i¿>-?< JTlonial Telegrams. I ( I H SUBMARINE CABLE.) ¡ ' BROS OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] VICTORIA MELBOURNE, WEDNESDAY. The solicitude of Jas. Mirams, ex-MLA., I in liquidation, has been that], liabilities, £373,485 ; assets, £1170,150 ; deficiency, £3,328. A warrant has been issued for the arrest of Constable McDonald for embezzling £10 collected on a distress warrant, and not accounted for. Accused is a well- known member' of the force. [ Oliver McLean Rigg, director of the him of McLean Hi es. and Rigg, died to- day aged 43\. "' ' Ali. Andrew Chirnside, squatter, of Wen she Park, one of the pioneers of the colony, died to-day, aged 73. An extraordinary meeting of shareholders in the Federal Stock Exchange- Co. was held to-day to consider advisability of winding up the company. Several shareholders referred to very gross mismanagement by the directors, and wished to appoint an accountant to overhaul their transactions, but the majority of the meeting was against this, and a resolution for voluntarily winding up was carried. Mr. Gillies, Premier, has forwarded to the Secretary of State through the Governor, a memorandum in regard to the provisions in the West Australian Enabling Bill providing that no legislation shall be passed by West Australia restricting immigration of British subjects, and pointing out that such a clause might open the way to an unrestricted influx of Chinese, and requesting the consideration of the Secretary of State on this point. A very successful trial of a patent sheep shearing machine, known as the Silver Shearer was witnessed to-day by a large number of those interested in pastoral pursuits at Younghusband and Co.'s ware- house. The sheep operated on were of different breeds, and carrying wool of various lengths and density. These were shorn in from 3 to 4 J minutes. In general appearance the machine resembles the Wolseley, but it is claimed for the Silver Shearer, that it is much simpler in construction, and less liable to get out of work. The Eight Hours' Committee decided to-night to cable to England congratulating the labour Organisators on the movement in favour of Eight Hours' legislation. In connection with the insolvency of G. C. Miln, tragedian, his treasurer, Mr. Chanter, was examined at length in the Insolvency, Court to-day. He stated that the insolvent crew, including salary, £1,500 during his Melbourne seasons, Victorian provincial and Tasmanian towns, and his wife £600. The production of " Anthony and Cleopatra " and " Othello " in Melbourne was the cause of habitues. Commercial. Wheat has hardened in sympathy with the London market, sales to 3s. Shed. for good. Flour unchanged. All feed grains very dull. Calcutta oats to 2s. ; this white feed, 2s. 8d.; fair Tartarian to 3s. Old.; Danish, 2s. 8d., stout to 2s. 10d.; barley, distilling and crushing, to 2s. 4d malting to 39. 9s.; peas, 2s: 9d.; maize to 4s. 2d.; bran to 11d. 