Tjii; regulations uuder which the examination and appointment of canilidatc.s for the Queensland Civil Service will henceforth be conducted, apprMied in our issue of .Saturday, 5th instant. As it has takeu some three mouths in compilation, the code has no doubt been exhaustively con sidered, and ought therefore to work well. The hypes entertained of a reform of the rotten system that came to an end on New Year's Kve last h:ive hcon pitched so high that the new Civil .Service Board Biust be prepared to find the public in a very critical mood. Competitive ex aminations for filling up 'probable vacancies' during the ensiling finan cial year are to be h#ld annually in July anil al. snub o!,hr;r times as f-he Civil Service Board ' may consider desirable.' Tins looks ominoim. The general opinion with regard to tbe Civil Service is that it ia far too numerous ; that after making a clean sweep of all the old fogies, idlers, plungers, boozers, and other detri mentals who live by sucking the State cow, the residue would amply suffice all requirements for some years to come. It is therelore worn'- what alarming, in view of a pros pective Treasury Defloit to bo pro . vided far on the coming Estimates, to find the Civil Service Board beul on holding out the lure of 'pro bable vacancies' before their owu appointment is four months old. It is very clear timt we are a loug way as yet from any approach to a thorough-paced reform. Tho nepo tism ot Ministers, the favoritism and family intrigues of heads of departments may be a little less flagrantly ' displayed through the power of patron age being ostensibly regulated to a board, but the growth of those abuses is only rendered somewhat more difficult For since all appoint ments have to be confirmed by the Governor, who is bound by the ad vice of the Cabinet only, and need not recognise the Board at all, the jurisdiction of the latter is, after all, only co-ordinate, aud therefore powerless to prevent political job bery unless the Commissioners, iu the exercise of their functions, are ready to incur the odium of causing a dead-lock. The early! appoint ment of examiners, followed closely by the publication of rules for ex amination, is a proof that wheels continue to work within wheels as of old. There is plenty of work lor the Board to do without troubling them selves about prospective vacancies. Two of the examiners gazetted are, to be sure, Inspectors of State Schools, and as their new function will not appreciably add to the duties ot these gentlemen, their ap pointment probably is or at any rate ought to be, sami honorary ; en tailing no great expenditure in the way ttf additioual salary. So far, perhaps, there is no objection to the selection of examiners, apart from the necessity, or otherwise, of hold ing an examination at all this year. It may have been thought desirable to put an end to the suspense of other applicants tor the post, by letting them know that the Board was already provided with persons pos sessing ex officio the most desirable qualifications for the task. This done, all would be well. But (and here is where the suspicion of job bery comes in), the Board have as sociated with the legitimate talent ready to their hand a third examiner, a. 3Ir. D. L Woolcock, concerning whose qualifications nothing is known except that he is a new chum banis ter. The appointment once made, it became, of course, neces sjiry to justify it, and this could only be done by 'making work.' The result is that a number of youths who would probably have been in a fair way tor adopting some occupa tion useful to themselves and the colony, will be decoyed out of their intention by the Will o' the Wisp of the Civil Service in the probably futile hope of dropping in for one of the vacancies that may or may not occur in the course of 1S00-01. Apart from the objection that it is premature, the schedule of subjects for examination appears to be judi ciously compiled, and the relative importance severally attached to them evidences thoughtfulness aud foresight. The prominence attached to 'English parsing and analysis,' as a concession to Undersecretary Anderson's pet fad and the conse quent mental pose of all Queens land ?? chool Inspectors, will excite a smile in. those who know from ex perience the sterilising effect of this department ot study. It is allowable to hope, however, that in the majority of cases no great harm will be done, and that a few week's practical ex perience of office work will enable a tolerablj' clear headed lad to write a letter or report in decent English, notwithstanding the precious time he may have previously wasted in pigeon holing categories a la Morell. We are of opinion, moreover, that the list of optioual subjects might be extended so as to cover any special knowledge of which a candidate might be possessed, such as Danish — quite as important for Queensland as French, to say the least — Chemistry, Geology, Mechanics, or even the rudiments of Surveying and Practical Navigation. There are plenty of posts in the disposal of the Board wherein even a slight previons acquaintance with these and some other branches of science might be expected to add largely to a candi date's promise of usefulness. In the preliminary regulations there is, of course, the usual amount of red tape. A candidate has to prove that he has been born, is ot sound health and good moral charac ter, a condition which, if it means anything, can only imply that he has never been found out in anything particularly flagrant. As usual, our old friends ' some clergyman or justice of the peace' monopolist!, in the absence of a schoolteacher or em ployer, the perilous honor of certi fying to character. This is one of the survivals of British bumbledom, aud is rather rough on the numerous ? respectable colouiste who though ? neither clergyman nor justice of the peace, are quite as competent as the i best Kpeei metis of either class to j testify correctly and conscientiously J to any statement required of them, j It is surely time that (lie old-world myth of the superior truthful ness and virtue of the pulpit and bcuch ceased to find its embodiment in official : documents. .Surely their nibs, the | Civil Service Board, cannot be un- j awaro. that the majority of our worst and most; useless immigrants come out'on ilie .strength ol fraudulent ' certi/kates ismietl through the joint agency of the parson and the squire. | The regulations for the probation- j ary appointment of candidates who have successfully passed the exaini I nation seem conceived in a practical, sensible, and fairly liberal spirit, and provided the Board are not too ex clusively guided by the recommenda tions of heads of departments, may be expected to fill their object salis factorily. Lot us hope, however, for the depletion of the overgrown estab- ; lishmeut and the relief of the tax paying community tbat a consider able time will yet elapse before they are put to the test. . 