THE PARLIAMENT. LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. Wednesday. Skptembkr 3. The PiiESioENT took the Chair at 2 o'clock. TIIK GOVERNMENT AND THE SHIPPING STRIKE. Tit* COMMISSIONER of CROWN LA.VD5? 5ll'«- W. Copley), to the Hon. D. Murray, said t la.it u.i communication had been received from the other felonies in respect of the labour complica tions up to the present time. The Hon. O. MURRAY asked whether the Government intended taking any steps, in conjunction with the other Calouu.1 Governments, to put a stop to the present labour difficulty. The COMMISSIONER of I KOWN LANDS (Hon. W. Copley) replied that the Government haa communicated with the other i-oli'inist on the subject. A PERSONAL MATTER.— THE COM MISSIONER OF CROWN LANDS. Th* Hon. J. H GORDON asked whether it was true that it was at his own special request that the Ion. W.Copley was appointed to the portfolio of i:rown Lands in the present Cabinet The COM MISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon. W. Copley) replied that he did not think it was the right sort of question to put to him. (Cheers.) LAW LIBRARY. The Hon. W. WEST-ERSKINE, for the Hon. J. H. Angas, asked the Commissioner of Crown Land* aud Immigration (the Hon. W. Copley) — 1. How many volumes of books are there in the library attached to the Supreme Court? 2. What is the estimated cost and present value thereof? 3. Are any of the books missing; and if so, how many? 4. Is it true that there is no person in charge of the library, or who is responsible for its contents ? 5. Will the Government at once take steps to appoint a librarian; and if not, why? The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon. W. Copley) replied— **L 3,343. 2. £4,500; estimated value approxi mately, £1,000. 3. 95 are missing. 4. There is no person in charge of the Library who is directly responsible for its contents, but one of the Judges' Associates acts as Librarian. 5. The Government 110 not consider it necessary to make such an appointment.' ROYAL COMMISSION— EMPLOYERS' AND LABOUR UNIONS. The Hon. J. WARREN moved— 'That in the opinion of this Council a Royal Commission should Ims Appointed to enquire into the working of Em ployers' and Labour Unions, and to report on a basis tor legislation to regulate such Unions, with power to confer with any bodies appointed in the neighbouring colonies for a like purpose.' Be said his object was not championing either side, but to bring about a speedy settlement. The loss to the colony was much greater than many supposed. (Hear, hear.) It was the most impor tant subject that had come before them yet, and their object should be to settle affairs equitably. lie believed the present state of things was damag ing to the prestige of this young and rising colony. (Hon. S. Tomkinson— ?* Hear, near.') The com merce of the colony so far as steam communication was concerned was blocked, and great damage was Iwing caused. The federation of labour was com paratively in its infancy; what would be the condi tion of affairs when it acquired the full strength aimed at ? They would- be able to put a stop to all kinds of enterprise if they chose to put their power into exercise. (Hear, hear.) Supposing the Unions took it into their head they might stop all opera tions, and the wool clip and the grain harvest be li-st to the colony to its very .serious injury. Unless suitable legislation were passed there was danger of the whole control being taken out of the hands of Parliament and the authorities by the combined organization's now operating on labour. Besides the Unions among the workers there were now Confederations among employers being formed. Supposing that both sides put themselves into a determined attitude, -would it not then be evident that something: should be done i-y the Legislature to prevent disastrous conse quences. He felt convinced that a Royal Commis sion would be the best method by which to make the necessary safe, full, and reliable enquiry that must precede legislation. That Commission should lie formed of intelligent men, competent to under stand the whole bearings of the Labour question; :tnd he had no doubt that independent and effective evidence couli be fairly secured representing the interests of both sides. (Hear, hear.) This evi dence and the finding of the Royal Commission would be brought before Parliament, and then lion, gentlemen would be in a position to pass MiiLU-le and just legislation. There might nl-ai be an arrangement nrule so that simi larly formed Commissions in the other colo nies might confer with our Commission with a view of getting one general method of dealing with (hi.-* question applicable to the whole of the colonies. TUe recommendations emanating from such a Con t-.-renc? of Commissions would carry great weight nut! l»e a very useful and important guide to the varioui Legislatures. It was absolutely necessary t hat immediate steps should be biken to bring the i wi- p:irties to an agreement, and do away witu the t-ier*«t block of trade. A motion had been tabled 111 another place for a Legislative Conference, but s hey would not have the evidence on which to act, :md be saw no better way than the appointment of :i Commission to collect the necessary evidence. The Hon. G. W. COTTON seconded the motion, :tml considered he must any something in ex tenuation of theg_rave charges which the lion. Mr. Warren made against the labouring classes. (Hon. J. Warren — ' I made none;' and Hon. Members — *' Name them.') Then they were made by implica tion^ (Hon. Members — ''No.') He protested against these statements of the druadfnl things that were going to happen in respect to labouring men, who were as honest as any member in that House. (Cheers.) He did not intend to hear the Hon. Mr. Warren or anybody else assert that something dreadful was going to happen because a number of working men were meeting together. As Mr. Pater, the Police Magistrate, said the other dav, the labour traffic in the South Seas— (Oh, and laughter) —was such that could not be tolerated. That was tlm result of the labour traffic. The Hon. Mr. Warren must have a little irony when he spoke of this young and thriving colony. It w:is young — that was an arithmetical calculation. As to being thriving — according to the Hon. Mr. West-Erskine there was no increase of population, and therefore the colony was not thriving. (Hon. S. Tomkin sou—' Hear, hear.') He rose to second the motion of the Hon. Mr. Warren for an enquiry. Through the action of Mr. Plimsoll seamen were not now (.-tilled upon to go to sea in what were called coffins. The Hon. W. WEST-ERSKINE said no member of the House could imply that the Hon. Mr. Wrirren had made any charge against the working men. A more conciliatory speech be could hardly imagine. (Cheers.) While not opposed to the motion he sug gested to the Hon. Mr. Warren that having regard r-- action which had been initiated by the Govern ment he should withdraw the motion. The Hon. S. TOMKCOSOX, after the violent oration of the Hon. Mr. Cotton in tones loud enough to be heard at the Trades and Labour Council, desired to throw oil on the troubled water, and joined in asking the Hon. Mr. Warren to withdraw the motion, as it might embarrass the Government In the steps they were already taking. lie con sidered the Government might do something to nut :in end to the demoralization which prevailed at Port Adelaide. He never knew of contractors in Her Majesty's service being allowed to neglect their duty until it was done in the case of the Ferret the other day, when the Government em ployed another ship to curry the mails to Port Lincoln. (The Hon. H. Scott— 'They sent the nciHi'). Yes, by another vessel, but a contract to carry Her Majesty's mails should be an almost sacred office, and should not be allowed to be re fiLsed. There was another matter. There was a steamer loaded with fuel for the Government rail ways. The Government should not allow an em largo to be placed upon a cargo that was neee-ssary for the puhlic service. Ife gave the Government credit for their desire to put an end to the present state of matters in a peaceable manner, but there were positions in which they should take a firm stand. There was no doubt' they would be sup ported by public opinion. It was lamentable to see men who had no complaint to make acting as they were under the dominion of an Association else where. It was an unsatisfactory state of affairs, .ind ought not to last twentv-fonr hours. The Hon. J. H. GORDON should support the uiotiun. as he thought it quite possible that in these olonies we might be able to work out some scheme of conciliation which would prevent such unfortu nate conflicts as that which was now occurring between capital and labour. There was no doubt conditions would have to be imposed on both sides which did not exist at the present time. Such an agreement could only be arrived at by giving and taking of privileges which were now the subject of conflict. He believed in the future they would not hare such unfortunate exhibitions as were made by tine of the speakers at the Kinplover/ Union meet ing. It was injudicious to approach labour in such ti method, because there was no doubt- l»b«nir was the mother of capita, and not capi ta the mother of Ubour. The people could exist without capital, but tliev could not without labour. The colony rested upon the .shoulders of its labourers, and when gentlemen of Mr. S. R. Wakefield's position tcot up and delivered such an insolent, injndicions speech saving tliac the working man was well housed and well fed— as if he was an animal and required to be well fed and housed to prevent him being vicious— it was ex reedinsly ill-judged, and tended not to promote but tn retard a settlement. To say they admitted the labouring man to be a man! Who asked for an .-iilmi-uion of that sort'; .Such speeches had, as he Itid reason to know, an irritating effect upon a large number of the men who were wishing to approach the settlement of the question with a full knowledge of the conditions, and with every desire £- give and take. He did hope the Commission vaiu* Iie appointed, and that men would be found who vro^}d be aWe to approach the consideration of Ihe matter VfThout irritating the other side by in solent, injudicious', and retarding remarks such as tliat to which he had fefeiTSn. (Hear, hear.) i The Hon. H. E. BRIG HT would gladly support the motion if he thought any good would result from it, Imt nothing they could do would be any use unless agreed to by the other colonies. The action of the Government was the best thing that could be done at present, and he hoped that might result !«? ?soxae. thing beneficial both to, ti-» ;m.j ,.^ «.,,i lalwurers. (Hear, hear.) ' emin'-Vl-rs ^ ~SlHo,?JD-aW;J^tAY th..n»ht theu.ao rv.vi.l ppportunefora^jj^ , ^ Io t preMnl more S^ %rnment W done: People were not '„„, ^-ttion to approach the question now in the ~~™ .er in which the question should be approached, * .d he thought a.proper settlement between labour and capital could be much better arrived at after ?affairs had resolved themselves into something like their normal condition. The Hon. R. C. BAKER believed in the old pro verb, that it was a bad thing t«- swap horses when crowing a stream. He thought it was inopportune tn take the suggested action, at the present time at all events. The Hon. H. SCOTT thought tlm they should not attempt to deal with this question until the re sults of the communication between this Govern ment and those of the other colonies were known. Jlon. members were aware of the successive stages in the present dispute. It appeared to him that yome good might possibly l-e done by a conferenc : V.sre between employers and employes, but the tyiestion could not be «ettled by any one colony. [Hear, hear.) The only w:iy »i settling the question amicably, he believed, iv.mld be for an equal unmber of employers and employed to be sent a - ? ielegatc-s to Melbourne t«» form :i *-rt m Parlia ment to discuss the wlmlt; question, with some ?'entlenaan entitled to conridence to act as Presi Tent. It did not become th.it Council to express an opinion as to which side was ri^lit and which ?wrons-(Hear, bear)-or which was the stronger Tvntv of the two. It luWit 1-c quite possible that ? u- working men mfcht prove the stronger if they -'_ --r-n«led to acts whicli would be unworthy of them ?'?T Australians, and t-- wlii?h he was snre they v old not resort unlos; driven to extremes-a-. ill events violence was condemned by tile great maiifier of their leaders, if not by the whole of tiicia. The employers lui'l not yet exhumed their ii i:.,-n^ power, neitucT lili t^y ^n- ?-* .iJ, t-- strike a Mo-. He sincerely iiuDed' that their strength would not bo £*e|bft#i 'JfrB-[ jjust aU hope that there would be no resort to extreme measures, as it would involve great numbers of people in immense misery to the great mass of the people. The employers might manage to exist for a long time upon their capital, but the working men and their families must suffer. They did not want the strike settled by any such cruel process as starving the people. (Hear, hear. Hon. S. Tomkinson—' You must have been reading the Advertiser.' . Laughter.) -. He had read that paper some years ago, it was true, but he was not indebted for the views that he was expressing to that journal. Our great aim was to put an end to the present unfortunate struggle. It could not be done immediately, and a permanent settlement would be a work of time. He believed that the leaders on both sides were endeavouring to secure an amicable settlement. That settlement must be arranged in Melbourne and Sydney, and in the conference upon the subject this colony must have a voice in it. He thought that under the circum stances the Hon. Mr. Warren would do well to withdraw his motion. (Hear, hear.) At any rate they should see what replies might come from the Governments of the sister colonies. (Hear, hear.) He had hoped that the Commissioner of Crown Lands would have given the Council some indica tion of the course proposed to be taken by the Government in relation to this matter. (Hear, hear). The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon. W. Copley) said his reason for not rising before was because he thought he had indicated the course that the. Government, would take when he had spoken on the previous day. He had then told tha Council that the Government was in communica tion with the other Governments, and when replies were received he would at once inform the Council of the exact position of affairs. The Go vernment recognised that the centre whence the trouble was started was not in this colony. (Hear, hear.) They also felt, as lion, members were also aware, that action that had been taken here was the result of instructions from given centres out side the colony. (Hear, hear.) Whilst deploring the action that had been taken in this colony in carrying the Union principles further perhaps than they should have been carried, still he for one could not help admiring the loyalty of the members of the Unions to each other. If the other side had only shown a small amount of a similar quality they would have been united long before this. Then the position would hare been in a measure similar to that of the. two great nations, the French and the Germans, who were armed to the teeth, with the result that they remained at peace. If the members of both parties— the employers and the employed— were compactly united m their several organizations there would be the right conditions between them, and peace would be main tained. The consequences would be too serious to permit of any step being taken by either side under a sense of irritation. Under the whole of the cir cumstances he hoped that the Hon. Mr. Warren would withdraw his motion for the present. (Hear, hear.) He had already told the Council what waa the attitude the Government took on the subject. What a Royal Commission could get in the way of information he could not say, but in order to get both sides properly represented it would have to consist of employers and employes, as, of course, any special mental bias must not be present in such an important matter. The hon. member probably knew that the movements of Royal Commissions were very slow, and having been appointed they often worked at their own sweet will, and were sometimes very expensive as welL (Hear, hear.) But the cost of such a Commission as that suggested by the hon. gentleman was a trivial matter in view of the important nature of the enquiry and if they were sure that the result would be commensurate with the expenditure. But he did not think it wise to urge its appointment just now. The remark of the Hon. Mr. Baker that it was not wise to ' swop horses whilst crossing the stream' aptly applied to this case. Both sides were to a certain extent in a state of irritation, and so the period was not oppor tune, and it was not likely that just now theremight be so wise a conclusion arrived at as would be attainable at a later date. When action was taken of the nature suggested by the Hon. Mr. Warren there must be a federal onion of the whole of the colonies. (Hear, hear.) The Labour Associations had not only an Australian organization, but they were connected with the United Kingdom. Communication was so rapid in these days that there was a possibility of most effec tive connection and support amongst the Labour Unions. So this was no light matter for the Go vernment to take any step m the present unsettled state of affairs. These were some of the reasons why he had not spoken before, nor until the desire had been expressed that he should address the Council on the subject. (Hear, hear.) The Hon. J. H. ANGAS said he happened to be in Melbourne at the time when the strike took place, and he observed that tha Labourers there conducted themselves in a very different way to that which had marked the conduct of our own people. There had been no necessity for our Government to take strin gent measures, which the Executive of Victoria had Bad to put in force in Melbourne. We have had no need -for placing the artillery in position to operate, nor to put a special train on to bring the mounted rifles and rangers from the country to the city so as to be able to be made available at any moment. During the time he was in Melbourne the city would have been in darkness but for the bright moonlight, and a very uncomfortable feeling prevailed among the residents in the city and suburbs. There took place the fourth attempt to burn down the Palace Hotel. The facts were described to him by a gentleman of Adelaide who was staying there, and it had been alleged that it was the work of an incendiary, and it was supposed to have been caused under a feeling of resentment against the landlord because he had employed non-Union men. Had the attempt to burn down the hotel been suc cessful hon. members could conceive what an immense lass of life and property would have occurred. He himself could not say a word against the right of men to unite to protect themselves and their material interests — (Hear, bear) — but it was a disgraceful thing when Unionists resorted to violence against working men who were following their lawful employment. (Hear, hear.) In Mel bourne cases of maltreatment Iiad occurred, and the Government had to swear in a large number of special constables and strengthen their protective force to disperse large concourses, of disorderly persons who were gathering in public places. There was a great gathering on the Sunday afternoon, and addresses were delivered by their Socialistic leaders. The conduct of the Government in this matter was of course found fault with. But it had bad the desired effect, and Melbourne had since been in a safer and quieter condition than it had been for many days previously. Though he had not much sympathy with the strike or the strikers still he must admit that their conduct in this colony had been good, and indeed the state of affairs here was very creditable to those concerned as compared with the conduct exhibited by the strikers in Victoria. He agreed with the remark of the Hon. Sir. Scott that the question must be dealt with by all the colonies in concert, and that individual action would be useless. He bad no doubt that such action would be shortly taken which would, it was to be hoped, settle the labour difficulty in such a way that it would not crop up again. Not only the country but the men themselves must suffer great loss under the present condition of affairs and the derangement of the Labour market — (Hear, hear)* — and the more the public suffered as a consequence the less would be the sympathy felt with the strike. The labouring classes should see that it would be a great pity to continue this state of affairs, and if they could come to a conclusion to return to work pending a settlement of the matters in dispute, it would be the proper thing to do. (Hear, hear). The Hon. A. HAY hoped the Hon. Mr. Warren would withdraw his motion — (Hear, hear)— as he was sure no good could result from carrying it at the present time. The Hon. Dr. MAG AREY could not understand why the Hon. Mr. Angas should have taken so much trouble to tell them what was taking place in Mel bourne. Sid he say that the Union men in Mel bourne were responsible for the outrages referred to? (Hear, hear, and No.) As far as he understood the Union leaders had done their best to keep order: and by the report of yesterday's debate in the Melbourne Assembly it appeared the Govern ment there made the same acKnowledenwnt. It was simply the rouglis not connected \Yitb the Unions who were responsible for the misdeeds. The same charges might be made against the employers. (No.) They were, like the Unions, determined to conquer by every legitimate means. In all strikes where the rights of the parties were at all evenly balanced public opinion had to settle the matter. In this public o-miiuii was pretty evenly divided. The best thing was for all who had in fluence with either side to exert it in the direction of conciliation. (Hear, hear, and No.) If the Hon. Mr. Warren was not going to withdraw the motion he should like a little information as to what he meant. If the Government were going to make re-nilations and enforce them it would require a large standing army. The best plan waa for the Hon. Mr. Warren to withdraw the motion, and to .show their belief that in this instance, and in every instance of the kind, the best mode of settleiieni was to show a spirit of discernment and concilia tion. He believed the matter might have been settled long ago if there hail been that disposition. The Hon. J. DARLING said it would very likely be three or sis months before a Commission could take evidence and report, and he would be sorry to anticipate the present dreadful state of things lasting for that time. He believed the dispute would be settled at a very early date, and when they were at peace again would be the proper time to appoint a Commission and to legislate, so that it would be .impossible for such distress aud loss to occur again. The Hon. W. Cotton rose to take the part of the working men, and there was no objec tion to his doing so. Dr. Magarey referred to the action of the employers, but if the employers had acted .in New South Wales and Victoria in the same way as the employes had done they would not have had peace main tained. Owners could not discharge their own goods from their own vessels. Who had shown moderation, the men or the employers? Did they not read in the papers about goods landed from the steamer ^Adelaide, at Port Adelaide, that the owners had been 'permitted' to remove them from the wharf— persons had to be permitted to cany on their lawful employment? In such a case had not the Government & duty to perform? But the Gt'''Tanent said wait till you are knocked down. If there was reason to believe that an incendiary was travelling about Jlikely to set fire to property, did they wait until the property was destroyed before they took action? Ko. It was the duty of the Government to try and prevent crime. A few years ago three men were struck down at Port Ade laide in the presence of 300. Was that moderation? Did they want a repetition of that? How were they to prevent it? Let the Government show a strong front and there was no necessity for a blow being struck. Instead of that it had been stated by one of the Government 'we are not in a position to give you protection.' iThe Commissioner of Crown Lands — 'I am not aware of it.') Virtually one of tha Government stated that verbally to one of the employers — that thev were not in a position to afford them protec tio-L (Hon. 'J. H. Gordon-'They cannot take care of themselves.' Laughter.) After the thou sands that had been spent year after year upon the military, and they were not prepared to give such protection in time of Ineed. They ought to be in such a position. If any credit was due to either party for keeping the peace it was to the employers. He had the fullest sympathy with the working men, but he had little sympathy with their leaders. (Hon. J. Warren— 'Hear, hear.') There was no reason whatever why this strike should have taken C- e at Port Adelaide. The Hon. Mr. Cotton spoken about the. poor working man. Would he say there was a man at Port Adelaide had struck because he had been illnsed bj- his einplovers? Would the bon. member nse in his place 'as a legislator, and say there was a single man who had gone to his employer and said he had a. grievance? He defied him to do so. He was not a shipowner, but he would tell them about a little steamer called the Jessie Darling belonging to his son. Upon her arrival from the outports with a cargo of grain to be transhipped, at about 11 oclock they received a notice which ran like this— it was headed with the name of some Union: i _»We hereby give you notice that if the Jessie Darling does not carry an extra officer and pay a certain (stated) xata of wages the. vessel will be boVcotted.' Two hours before they received that 1 ™tteo they handed ia their mrtto to mthdraw from the ship. Waa that moderation? ' Was that the action that the seamen had been «ccw tomedto receive from the shipowners at Part Adelaide? No ; and who did this ? Not the Port Adelaide leaders. It was a man nobody knew who came from Melbourne a few days ago and was placed at the head of the Society. Whether a fire brand or a water-brand or what, he came from Vic toria, and the shipowners and employers of South Australia were to be dictated to by him. No fault had been found with the employers that he was aware of. Then what did the strike arise from ? They had this exact battle three years ago, and with what result ? The employers gained. With what result to the officers ? They were glad to be free men. It was force being tried upon the officers to get them into the Unions again. If the officers had a grievance let them state it. If it was increased pay they asked for —{an Hon. Member— 'They did ask.') When? (An Hon. Member— 'Some time ago.') He was speaking of the present strike. He wis not speak ing of what happened before. There was the Battle of Waterloo and many other things. Let them ask for increased pay, and if it was fair and just it should be given to them. In the little steamer he had alluded, to, carrying '250 tons, tha chief engineer was paid £2 per month more than the chief engineer on board one of the P. and 0. boats. They had no reason to complain of their pay. They werj paid £20 per month, while in a vessel just arrived from the Cape, and which they could not ?iUcharge, the chief engineer was paid £12 per moT.th. The public were now just beginning to wake up to the true position. The shipowners and employers were not fighting Unionism. It wa3 a false hue. He was himself a member of a Union, and he wished Unionism here and elsewhere godspeed; but let it be conducted in a way that was fair to men that belonged to them and to men who did not. He was reading the lines, ' You take my life when you take the means by which I live.' (Hear, . hear.) . He wanted the Unions to be true to themselves and to give to man who said it was not wise to join Unions the same liberty, recognising that they took their living away if they took their means to live from them. Just now the public were commencing to awake up, and were beginning to understand the question. Workmen were understood to have their troubles, but he ventured to say that capitalists were often the subjects of more care and anxiety than their employes. (Hon. S. Tomkinson— 'Hear, hear.') The Hon. Mr. Cotton uttered that which was perfectly true when he said that working men were as honest as the hon. members of that Council. But it was not a matter of honesty, but a matter of principle. The employers of labour had now to fight for pure liberty, and tbey would have it at any cost. They could not help the starvation, or the darkness, or the trouble which has been or might unfortunately be brought upon a good number of their fellowcolo nists. The position which the employers were now compelled to take had been forced upon them. He himself had during the last three years submitted to insult upon insult that had been placed upon him. But the employers had bided their time, and hon. members must not suppose that they had in the pre sent instance been taken unawares. They had been for the last two or three months expecting what had now taken place, and he would as an employer plead guilty to this measure of foreknowledge. The employers were now in a better posi tion than they would have been if the strike bad occurred three months later, for then the harvest would have been upon them, and the difficulty would have been almost im possible to surmount. If there had been as good an outlook on the other side results would have been different, and there would have been no strike at the present moment. But it would come to an end, and there need not be the least fear what that end would be. It would be ? (The Commissioner of Crown Lands— 'Do not prophesy.' Laughter.) He would not, but he would venture to say that he pitied the hon. gentleman as a member of the Government. They would see what would happen if the employers made up their minds to say, ' Uur ships shall be discharged.' The hon. gentleman had already described his seat and duties as any thing but rosy, and he would certainly have no rosy time of it when the employers took a firm stand. When a man of courage once struck a blow in self defence he would stand a little kicking before he gave up his contention, or he was certainly no man at all. He felt that the result they should aim at was the resumption of operations and the removal of the obstructions to trade now existing. He con curred that the motion should not be pressed now, but should be withdrawn for a time, and so soon as the dispute now existing was settled then a Royal Commission to settle permanently the relations between labour and capital would be a wise and welcome appointment. The Hon. W. K. SIMMS moved- 'That the Council do now divide.' The Hon. J. WARREN objected, as he desired to speak in reply. (Hear, her.r.) The Hon. J. MARTIN said t'-- - Hon. Mr. Darling generally spoke with warmth ---.. my subject in which he felt great interest, and he must admit he felt favourable to bis proposal fot a Uoyal Commission in view of the information' that would by that me ins .be placed before the Parliament. They all felt it desirable to have more information than they now had respecting Trades Unions, as it would enable them all the better to understand how to deal with these organizations. Employers of labour had felt the want of information resDectingthem. Personally he had come into contact with some of the leaders, and had found them reasonable men, especially when employers' difficulties were placed before them, and had been very ready to listen to suggestions. He hoped that the outcome of the present position of affairs would be better organization with a view to negotiation in respect of trade disputes. From the Hon. Mr. Darling's speech the match resulting in the present explosion had been applied in Melbourne; but that point was of less consideration than the best means of preventing the recurrence of strikes. He thought that the Hon. Mr. Warren was well advised to allow the matter of his motion to stand in abeyance for the present; and if employers organized so that they could by representatives meet the representatives of labour organizations to discuss questions with a view to amicable settle ment that would meet the case very largely. It was admitted even by the men that whilst the Labour organizations were so strong and there was no employers' organization they were at times liable to go to extremes; and it was the fact that if the difficulties experienced on the other side were not pointed out to them they failed to realize them. Probably when they were pointed out they would be found ready to meet* them, at any rate to some extent The strike was a very great calamity, and how far it might go to extremes would depend upon the leaders. The employers were the wealthiest, and if they took the right steps towards conciliation it would be wise. In conclusion he regretted the position described by the Hon. Mr. Darling as laving been taken by the shipowners, and hoped that serious proceedings would not follow. (Hear, hear.) The Hon. J. WABREN was gratified at the way the motion had been received by the Council by all the members save one. He would like to say that there was not the slightest reason for the attack made upon him by the Hon. Mr. Cotton. (Hear, hear.) Hon. members must bear in mind that he proposed action which should be the joint agreement of all the colonies. It had been said the present time was inopportune for bringing this matter forward, but he disagreed with that view. There was no time to lose. The sooner both sides were placed under the operation of wise preventive laws the better. (Hear, hear.) He did not think a Council of Conciliation would be of much use unless there was legislation to give it practical and holding effect, so as to be binding on both parties. He did not stand there to take the side of employers or employes, but to advocate justice to both sides. (Hear, hear.) His reason for tabling the motion was that he saw the great loss and misery involved, and he felt it his duty as a member of the House and of the community to do his best to bring this matter to a right issue. He was not aware when he tabled the motion that the Government was taking steps in the matter, and he must be understood as not desiring for a moment to interfere with their action in any way. He still thought that a Royal Commission was desirable. The faults of our past legislation had been in consequence of insufficient in formation, and he desired to avoid any similar faults in future. (Hear, hear.) He did not think the time had been wasted that had been occupied in the discussion, and after the expression of opinion on both sides of the House he asked leave to withdraw the motion. Leave granted. PRINTING PAPERS— THE GOVERNMENT POLICY. Adjourned debate. The Hon. G. W. COTTON resumed the debate, taking his place at the Council table. He said that he did not intend to traverse the whole of the Ministerial programme, and had listened very intently to discover whether the programme of the new Ministry unfolded by the Commissioner of Crown Lands wasa reflex of that of any preceding Ministry or not. He had expressed his mind more than once on the treatment the Cockburn Ministry had received from the Opposition, and he had been in favour of a dis solution. He was glad that the late Ministry had inserted the thin end of the wedge of which capi talists complained so much. It remained for the present Government to drive the wedge as much further as they could. He gave the Commissioner of Crown Lands credit for a considerable amount of intelligence beyond the staple of the policy he had to champion. He very properly and clearly showed that in reality the taxpayers bad only to bear the interest of £5,000,000, because the balance of the loans paid their own interest; but no refe rence was made to the fact that if the railway rates were made too high tbe interest on unnecessary loan money might be paid. Now, if the hon. gentle man had been allowed to have his way he might have told his chu! how an Internal loan might hare been raised either by the Treasury bonds and notes being issued in payment for works done, or by ex tending the borrowing of the money on Treasury bond3 as at present, but making the interest payable in the colony. Treasury bonds were ssued in France for 100 francs each, or £1. lhat was how a great part of the Suez Canal fund was raised. When we had a Government that was no longer afraid to do its duty they would pay for their public works like the Belgian railways were paid for in Treasury bonds and notes. The hon. gentleman spoke about interest of borrowed money being lost while the works were in progress. All that would be saved, and a good deal more besides. It would be good fun if not so melancholy to hear hon. members talking with such concern about capital. The only capital we wanted was faith in the country, so that whenever a man had a pound note people would take it in exchange for what he wished to purchase. There would not then be the need to trouble about absentees. It was really ridiculous to hear the lachrymose tones of men who should know better about the rights of property when their own was touched; but when It was that of a poor man's labour it was another thing altogether. The Commissioner of Crown Lands said that people must be educated, certainly in the doctrine of finance, and no less certainly in the treat ment of the soil. If we taught our children as in France we should have agriculture taught in nearly '.00 rural centres. He (Mr. Cotton) said he noticed that some kind of sy3tem wa3 to be intro duced here. Not long ago the Hon. Boyd Winches ter, the resident Minister of the Uniied States in Switzerland, reported on the system of agricultural education in Switzerland. Mr. Winchester said that neither the climate nor the soil was good for agriculture, yet it was surprising what good results were obtained by the general diffusion of much technical knowledge. Mere practical farming would not return the labour and the expense put upon the land, but an intelligent, educated industry had made it quite prosperous and profitable— a process of learning to be gained only by some technical instruction outside the daily routine of farm life. The grandest work of development was such as this : ? It would be jnvaluableto fill in the blank spaces where our railways traversed and our cattle starved. South Australian Governments were a reflex of her ruling class— always struggling to the fore to profit by somebody else's labour. We wanted to tap Queensland. Let us try a better system of finance and of land settlement before we paid £i,SCO wortli of stranger's money for which we had to piy tri bute. He (Mr. Cotton) said he did not want to re pudiate obligations; the best way not to repudiate was to keep out of debt. Then reference was male to new rolling-stock for freight and inferentially for 'passenger traffic. First-class passengers had been travelling at, the expeaae. o{ the etiut classes of pa* sengers. Mr. George Findlay, General Manager of the London and North-Western Railways, had said that ' on the Great Western Railway it cost in work ing expenses £109 for every £100 of the receipts, while out of the third class out of every £100 taken the Great Western made £01 profit, while on the Sheffield line it cost £211 to carry the swells for every £100 they paid, ; while out of £100 paid by the third class the same railway made £65.' Some day he hoped to move for a return of how this matter stands on our railways. The present strikes were only just a rebellion against a state of affairs where people who considered themselves first clas3 rode at the expense of the third class in every department of life, and then treated them with con tempt. Of course all that would sooner or later have to be changed. The programme said nothing about railway brakes. Se reral years ago he sent to a well-known architect, then travelling in Eng land, to ascertain how much the railway passenger platforms projected over the sup porting walls or uprights. This gentleman re plied that several of the platforms of the London underground railways projected 1 ft. 9 in., so that if a person fell between the carriages he would roll out of the way of the wheels or the wheel-boxes; and even the stone platforms projected nine inches over the supporting walls. He said he was particu lar in mentioning this because the cost was nothing extra, just to show that the life of a passanger now and then was not much thought of. The Hon. S. TOMKINSON ro3e to a point of order. The hon. gentleman was not speaking to the question. The PRESIDENT— Considerable latitude is al lowed in the discussion of a Government policy. The Hon. G. W. COTTON said the present Go vernment were doubtless right in following in ths footsteps of their predecessors and consulting. Mr. Oswald Brown. . As to irrigation, the first step should be to get some one who had gained experi ence where irrigation on economic principles was understoodt .The waste of money as shown in the report of the Water Conservation . Commission should warn taxpayers against trusting irrigation works to inexperienced persous. The proposal at Baldina lapsed for want of a combina tion of theoretical and practical knnwladge. If at Ororoo the (natural conditions were suitable let there be an Irrigation School established there. Mining po : .ddas a whole the most stupendous and cost!) gambling machinery known. Talk of the totalizator; it was a bagatelle. He would like to have a return, if it were possible, of what had been spent oh mining and what had been the return. The working miners led on the adventurers, and the adventurers did their best to humbug the capi talists, and then they practised among themselves. Members of Parliament, employers, employes, men with money and men without, robbed their own business and robbed other people's businesses, all because somebody got rich over the Kapunda, the Buna, the Wallaroo, or the Moonta, and now the Broken HilL Mr. Delmar said that the £90,000,000 worth of gold got in California from 1S4S to 1836 cost; £447,000,000, and this Government proposed to pander to this propensity to gamble. Well, they could not resist the power of the class who wanted to get rich at somebody else's loss, so they must propitiate the speculator class. What had become of the mania on the Peninsula? What of the Northern Territory? What of Teetulpa? What of Forest Range? Let them think of the hundreds of mining cemeteries of buried hopes. And yet the Government proposed to go to the expense of preparing for fresh graves in the mining cemetery for labour by borrowing money to create a temporary wealth to be gambled for. The new Ministry proposed to shorten the term of members of this Council. Well, if they would propose a variation from the policy of the late Ministry, and instead of a referendum propose annual elections for the House of Assembly, he would go with them. If not he was for a referendum with a total transformation of that Council. He liked the proposal for two new Ministers; he would prefer the Minister of Labour by itself, but there could be a separation by way of cleavage after a while. Labour being alone the one thing needful ought not to be fettered to any branch of the employer class. It could, however, better be attached to agriculture, because in no occupation could employer and employ^ be more readily or more frequently rolled into one man than the small fanner or 'the gardener. In the present crisis a great deal was said about keeping order. A leading man in London spoke the truth the other day when be said, .' The duty of the Government was not so much to keep order as to do justice.' This was what the strikers insisted upon. He hoped the Ministry did not intend to stay at purchasing land for working men's blocks. As men were discharged from railways and worthless mines 'knocked' it was needful to foster settlement on the land by imparting technical knowledge how to cul tivate the soil, and by advancing a kind of subsist. The Danish Government assisted men to settle on the waste lands of that country by supplying them for a time with rations and assisting them with money for implements, &c.; If this Government ex pected to satisfy its master — the public — they must improve upon the policy of the men they had super seded, not hark back upon ' open questions.' The progressive land tax was not to be so easily shunted. We did not want any English money. Let the Hon. Mr. West-Erskine's friends betake them selves and their money to any plane, that suited them better. We might miss their friendly faces, but their capital gone would be a great deliverance. The exit of tbe £530,000 of the Savings Bonk money to New South Wales was a loss, because it might have been lent to the Government just as a French rentier lent his money to his country on a £4 bond. These were the capitalists that we wanted to encourage. This we could do by a State Bank of Issue, and of this the present Government said nothing except an occasional word about Treasury bonds. Now he came to how to settle the present labour difficulty. The labour organizations were in advance of the Governments of Australia and of the world. We already had labour federation of the colonies and an International Labour Congress in session in London. Whether labour would be able to fight so-called capital while the holders of that kind of ammunition held the keys of the magazine he very much doubted. So soon as belli gerents got into actual conflict the Darty atacked bad mostly to manufacture its own .weapons of defence. The question about capital was to know who ran the Government. Was the Government the slave of the oligarchy, who, having wrenched wealth from labour, now used it in crushing labour? Or was the Government the representative of the people whose numerical majority of votes put it into power? Then, if it was the last, let labour provide the wanted capital. The Hon. Mr. West-Erskine had said capital was leaving the colony. Let joy go with it. From various quarters we now beard the proposal by means of capital borrowed to purchase or charter ships. What was wanted was to requisition the ships and pay for their service in the capital of labour represented by the paper bonds and notes of the State. Once gee a Govern ment capable of grasping its position and its duty, and the capital of which labour down through the past had been robbed would be only too glad to fall into marching order. Justice would never be done till the State controlled capital, and demanded that no man should have more land than* he could turn to the best account. At present 323,000 persons were so crowded in this v.i't territory that everybody was leaving who was aiile to do so. Unless the capitalists came to reason, and that soon, let there be a Government that would requisition the means of transport, and pay for them in the people's own coin, the bonds and notes of the State. Never mind thatlbugbear of depreciation of paper-money. The Banks, by ways to them well known, had run down the price of our cattle and agricultural produce 50 percent, at least, while the obligations of the indebted class re mained the same. Then, as to boycotting. How these employers of labour declaimed against it where labour put it in operation against their op pressors. Why, it was the native air of the em ployer class. How many times, be asked, had he been boycotted out of Committees and Commissions and the like because he was in favour of fair play to labour. Nay, more. Last session he was boy cotted in the midst of a speech on the very sub ject of a Department of Labour, and he had to pub* Iish the remainder of it at his own expense. The Hon. Mr. West-Erskine complained rightly enough that our population was not increasing. For population to increase a place must be pleasant to live in. What had our Governments done to make this so? A previous Government made a bona fide attempt, but they were so badgered by the re presentatives of money and land monopoly that nothing could be done, and then they were hooted at for Joins nothing. Now there was a new Go vernment. The eyes of the country were upon them to see whether the leopard had changed his spots or the Ethiopian his skin. Already was heard the sound that newly appointed Ministers should be re turned to their constituents, a course that he would be glad to see made into law. If that was not effected, then a dissolution-^-till we got annual Parliaments and voting for outside electors by letter —till a referendum such as that which had wrought such wonders in Switzerland were introduced. When we got an internal debt we should not, as now, manufacture absentees by the thousand. Recrimination in politics was a sheer waste of time. He had not referred to all the points in the Govern ment policy. If this Ministry as a whole showed itself equal to the present emergency he would not advocate the same obstructive tactics as were em ployed by the Opposition to the previous Ministry, because that was utterly subversive of all progress. He supported the motion. The Hon. Dr. MAGAREY said he considered the Commissioner of Crown Lands had given a very able exposition of the Government policy, although there were some things be did not agree with. He was .surprised at tiie criticism of the late Minis ter of Education, which' ?ros not equal to his usual form and style. He was fcinUy fair to the present Government. When, there was a change of Ministry there were a number of measures for which public opinion was ripe, which must be adopted by the new Ministry as a matter of course. The policy of tbe new Government, if carried out as announced, would appear to be one of unlimited extravagance. It was proposed to spend between two and three millions of money without making any provision for the payment of interest. The Boueaut policy included a BUI for the public works and a Bill for raising revenue. The one was accepted, the other rejected. ? This Government did not even propose a means of raising revenue. (The Commissioner of Crown Lands — ' Further particulars will be given on the various measures.') Yes, but what he was talking about wa» a general scheme for the payment of interest on the money borrowed. The Commis sioner of Crown Lands said there was no need, because the works would be- reproductive. But the Queensland Railway would not pay the interest for several years at least. Cer tainly the Transcontinental Railway did not do so. Then the £170,000 for the Adelaide Railway Station the Commissioner of Crown Lands admitted was an exception. He said: it was not a repro ductive work. They were told by a previous Government that it would pay for its cost ; now they were told it would not. They were told by the late Government that they could: not make the station-yard until they knew what they were going to do about the gauges. Now they were told that did not matter. Statements made one session were contradicted in another. They were misled by somebody. The Barrier policy of the new Govern ment appeared to consist in offering a bonus for the discovery of a method of treating sulphide ores. The rich Mining Companies were prepared to do that and find all the funds, and he supposed it was they who would claim this bonua. A Ministry was thrown out for want of a Barrier policy, and then the great man who came in who was always talking about it had nothing to offer them but a bonus for treating sulphide ores. (Laughter.) On the tem perance question he admitted the late Go vernment did have the interest of the country at heart. The present Government they were given to understand would do more. Seeing its composition, however, he was doubtful. (Laughter.) He should be exceedingly curious and greaUy pleased to find their promise was fulfilled. He deprecated bringing party politics into the Legis lative Council. He thought the Hon. Mr. Gordi n made too much of a party- speech the day before. The action of the Premier with regard to the Trades Hall was an honourable course. (Hear, bear.) He differed from his colleagues, and therefore said it should be an open question. (Hear, bear.) There was too much expecting all the mem bers of a G.oYe.rnm.e,at to, bAng toother, in e,Y.ery- thing. A Minister of the Crown should not be el pected to give up all his own opinions. They ought to be more liberal in that matter, although there were some matters in which it was necessary that Ministers should be in accord. He thought the Premier was to be commended for the course he adopted. (Hear, hear.) On the motion of the Hon. S. TOMKINSON the debate was adjourned till Tuesday next. THE NORTHERN TERRITORY CROWN LANDS BILL. On the motion of the COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon. W. Copley) the BUI was read a third time and passed. DISTRICT COUNCILS AND CORPORATIONS SUBSIDY BILL. In Committee. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon. W. Copley) stated that before pro ceeding with this Bill he would obtain the infor mation promised by the late Minister with regard to the apportionment of the subsidy. The Council resumed, and the Committee obtained leave to sit again on Tuesday next. PAPER. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon. W. Copley) laid on the table the following paper :— Pursuant to Statute— Annual Report of Destitute Poor Department. ADJOURNMENT. The Council adjourned at i.Vi p.m. till Tuesday next at 2 o'clock. .. ? . - 