MISCELLANEOUS. Miss Madge and Miss JeBsie ate two pun ? Ding young ladies. All were delighted with ' Hans the Boat man' Company. ' Capetine' is the name that the French give to all low-crowned hate. There are eaid to be 9,000 women doctors in the United States. Seventy-five women in the United States are practising as lawyers. The Indian cold vield has increased from £130,000 in 1888 to £30U,O00 in 1889. The London and North- Western Railway Company in England issue yearly 50 tons of railway tickets. Two French chemists have succeeded in making crystals which have all the appear ance of fine emeralds. A company has been formed in New York ' to mannfacture sandwiches by the thou sand' by the use of machinery. The Australian Eleven have scored a victory against the Oxford team by an inn ings and 61 runs. A great flight of locusts, calculated to have covered about 2,000 square miles, lately passed across the Red Sea from the African to the Arabian shore. A young gentleman named Acheson has died in the Sligo Infirmary from the effects of an injury received in a football match played under Rugby roles. Mr. V. L. Solomon, one of the newly elected members for the Northern Territory, advocates the separation of the Territory from South Australia. Mr. George Ash is eaid to be the youngest member in the House of Assembly, being 31 rears of age. Messrs. P. P. Gillen and J. W. White come next, aged 32. In the principal hotels in England the word 'menu' is now discarded, and the good Anglo-Saxon ' bill of fare' takes it place. The conteBt for the Speakership of the House of Assembly is said by the knowing ones to be between Messrs. W. B. Bonn eevell and Jenkin Coles. When a Chinaman goes on the stage he loses caste, he and his children after him being deprived of citizenship for four gene rations. The distress from famine in some districts of China has reached euch a point that girl babies are taken in baskets and carried ronnd the cities for eale. Krupp, the maker of big guns, has fonn ded a fund of £25,000 for the benefit of those of Mb workmen who wish to borrow money at low rates for the purpose of building homes for themselves. ? a. ^tHH)HaB-B«we-BwnwactTirer ib-ehW to be making and selling bonnets by the thou sand. The glass cloth of which they are made has the same shimmer and brilliancy of color as silk, and is impervious to water. The Russians have found that wolves will not pass under telegraph wires. The Go vernment has utilised this discovery in clearing many of the districts by erecting a number of wires throughout the regions in fested with the brutes. It was to the tobacco trade that Glasgow first owed its importance in the world of commerce. This trade began in 1707, and 70 years later we find Glasgow importing more than half the tobacco consumed in Britain. The latest cycle novelty is an electric tri cycle for two people. It can be run 28 miles without recharging, at the rate of about 14 miles an hour. The cost will be about -£100, and the running expenses £d per mile. A London Times letter from Persia says the Shah, in addition to the masses of jewels in the Royal Treasury, has a private fortune etowed in vaults or elsewhere which is known to consist of at least £3,000,000. To this he is perpetually adding freBh accu mulations. It is computed that all the people now living in the world— about 1,400,000,000— could find standing room within the limits of a field ten miles square, i.e., an area of 100 square miles, and by the aid of a tele phone could be addressed by a single speaker. An inhabitant of Maine has applied for damages against the Electric Light Com pany of that place. His case is that the light keeps his fowls awake till one in the morning, so that they are too tired to lay eggs on the following day. Smoking even on the box seat of an om nibus in Brisbane is prohibited, but is ad mitted on the outside of a tramcar. To a stranger this is puzzling, but the omnibus driver explains that the persecution proceeds through the backdoor influence of tramway promoters. — Wallaroo Tones. A new discovery has been made south of the present workings of the Angus Silver Mine (says the Barrier Miner). No parti culars are yet to hand, but some very nice specimens of carbonate ore have been for warded to the secretary's office, and are open for inspection. The gold beaters of Berlin at the Paris Exposition showed gold leaves so thin that it would require 282,000 to produce the thickness of a single inch, yet each leaf is so perfect and free from holes as to be im penetrable by the strongest electric light. If these leaves were bound in book form it would take 15,000 to fill the space of 10 common book leaves. There are now living- in the neighbor hood of Alton, Hampshire, two cen tenarians, namely, Isaac Bone, of East Trieted, aged 102, and William Harbor, of Brinsted, aged 101. Both have been great smokers and moderate drinkers all their lives, and they are at present hale and hearty. The former is a pariah clerk of East Tristed, and assisted in singing carols at Christmas. A new use for diamonds has been dis covered. According to the Horologieal Journal the diamonds are fixed in the back and front sights of rifles, and it is said they enable the marksman to take a quick and correct aim even in a bad light. The bril liants are so fitted that immediately the piece is brought to the shoulder the rays in the gems assist the alignment, and the eye takes aim without the least hesitation. During the 10 years ending with 1888, no less than 1,766 verdicts of 'wilful murder' were recorded in coroners* courts in England and Wales, yet ouly 672 per sons were committed for trial in respect of them. Of these 142 were found insane, 231 were acquitted, ««d 299 were con demned to death, the feuieiice bejnjr com muted in 145 cases. Out of 50 women onlv nine were hanged. The subject of sunken treasure reminds one of the heaps of pold carried in the galleons of tbe past. In 1769 a ship of war from Lisbon had on board 9.000,000 of crusades in diamonds, and about 100,000 'crowns turnois' in piastre?, making tbe whole 29,050,000 livres turuois. In 1774 two Spanish ebips from Vera Cruz and i Havana arrived with 22,000,000 of crowns, . exclusive of merchandise valued roundly at ; 27,000,000 crowae, Of the cargo of an I, English Ifldiaman in 1 771, one item alone — a diamond iu the rough — was valued at , £100,000. ! I met tbe Queen one morning (says an Aix-Ies-Bains correspondent) in her little donkey chaise going at a fairly brisk pace. On her arrival she went in an open landnu through the principal streets cf tbe town, and was welcomed in a very cordial manner by the inbabitante, who, by- the-by, are greatly elated at tbe fact that her Majesty is after all going to build a villa on the ground. The Queen has decided to try what massage will do towards the cure of her rheumatism. The last pearl fishing season in Ceylon conld not have been more successful than it was. The season only lasts 22 days, and during that period 11,000,000 oysters were brought to the surface by 50 divers. They are paid by one-fourth of the number. This season the whole produce wa9 eold at the rate of 24s for 100 shells. The Govern ment received £20,000 as its share, and the divers £6,400. The largest pearls are worth in Ceylon from £40 to £60, and in Europe they fetch three times the price or more. The English sparrow is not liked in America. A commission of ornithologists have been inquiring about him, and their re port of bis conduct is very bad. They speak of him as 'a curse of virulence.' The sparrow was introduced into the United States so recently as 1850. Since then s few other importations were made, com prising in all not more than 1,700 speci mens. From these 1 ,700 birds there have arisen untold thousands, which occupy nearly one-half of the country. Among the remedies proposed for the eparrow nuisance are strychnine and corrosive sublimate. Here (writes a Pall MaU Gazette corres pondent) is a good story of the -Duke of Manchester. His Grace was a stanch Protestant. His brother, Lord Robert, in halcyon days in years gone by, represented an English constituency in Parliament. ' Dear Robert,' wrote the Duke, ' I notice a ridiculous report in the newspapers to the effect that yon have become a Roman Catholic I think it would be well to con tradict it.' In a few days came this curt reply : — ' My dear Brother — Most reports of the kind in the newspapers are untrue ; this report is true. — Yours, Robebt.' ' Aulus' in the Australasian relates the following : — ' What is ' the prevailing epi demic' that we hear about bo constantly at present ?' aBked the simple old gentleman just come to town. ' Children, I should imagine, judging by the first column of The Argus' answered the other, lightly, as he turner) to an, .. .Tbttt jtflonuaon -£Lo country man was paying a visit. ' Is Mrs. ? in?' he asked. 'Yes, sir,' replied the servant, with a slight emiie, ' but she is laid np with the prevailing epidemic.' ' Well, who'd have thought itp Is it a boy or girl?' During lest year (cays Truth) Austria contributed £16,000 to Peter's Pence ; next came Italy and France, with £14,000 each ; South America, £12,400 ; North America, £11,500 ; Spain, £8,000 ; North Germany, £7,200; Portugal, £6,000; Ireland, £5,200; Belgium, £4,200; Asia, £4,000; Boumania, £4,000; Great Britain, £3,800 ; Africa, £3,600; Poland, £3,400; Aus tralia, £3,400; Switzerland, £2,200; and Russia, £1,600. Considering the enormous wealth of the Belgian Catholics, their con tribution is a singularly mean one. Ireland really makes by far the most creditable figure in the list. The Bev. Mr. 3L is pastor of a congrega tion in a town in Upper New York. His hearers are amongst the richest people in town, bnt not celebrated for generosity in supporting the church. The good preacher has been trying to get the poor people to come to his church, and recently, through the columns of the local papers, extended to them a cordial invitation to attend. One Sunday, at the close of the service, he said — ' Brethren, I have tried to reach the poor of our town and indnce them to come to our church and break with us the bread of life. I infer from the amount of the collection just taken ($7.35) that they have come.' A Berlin telegram says: — The semi official Post intimates that Prince Bismarck refused the title of Duke of Lauenburg be cause he expected to receive not only the title but the dukedom as a Royal grant, thereby becoming a vassal of the Empire. Prussia paid Austria two and a half million thalers for the duchy, and Bismarck hoped that his admirers would raise this earn and refund it to Prussia, so that the grant should notafiect the finances of the country. He cherished the hope of establishing a model Government in Lauenbunr. leaving Count Herbert heir to the throne. When he found that the Kaiser was unwilling to give him Sovereign rank lie refused the mere title, which is already borne by the Kings of Denmark and Prussia. Police rules in London forbid an officer of the ' foorce' to arrest a drunken person unless he or she (frequently she in the Modern Babylon) is an active annoyance to the public. Police rules in Melbourne (says an exchange) eeem to require raw young constables to pounce on any man that can't walk a chalkline, and worry the poor beggar until he says 'dam.' Then the guardian of the peace knocks the mis guided citizen down with his truncheon, puts the handcuffs on, and runs him iu for 'insulting behavior:' Smoking on a rail way platform is very insulting behavior, in deed. In fact, it takes the long, lean, new chum in tan shoes a mouth to find phases of behavior, which he can practice out of doors without making his life an everlasting insnlt. There is no people in the world with wham, eloquence is eo universal a gift as the Irish. When Leitch Ritchie was travelling in Ireland he passed a man who was a pain ful spectacle of pallor, 6qualor, and ragged ness. His heart smote him, end he turned back. 'If you are in want,' said Ritchie, with some degree of peevishness, 'why don't you beg ?' ' Sure its begging I am, yer honor.' 'You didn't Bay a word.' ' Ov coorse not, yer honor ; but see how the skin is epeakin' through the holes of me trousers! and the bones cryin' out tbronp-h me ekin ! Look at me sunken cheeks, and the famine that's starin' in my eyes! Man alive! isn't it beggin' I am with a hundred tong-ues?' For awav on the Barcoo ( ays the Sydney Sindcy Times) there once travelled a priest. During his journey he met a l- Wkfellow, to whom be put a few questions recording his ul's welfare, only to find the nigger woe fully ignorant. After a little schooling, however, the priest thought him sufficiently e:ili-ruted to be baptized, and accordingly conducted him to a creek, where he christened him Peter — bis former cognomen being Combo. The minister of religion went his way, but returned after a lapse of some time, and found Peter and bis (tin eating 'opossum on a Friday. ' You wicked man ! Did I not tell you it was wrong to j 38t meat on a Friday? How can you' expect to go to Heaven ?' ' This all right,' eaid the darkie, ' you put water on me — me no more Combo, me Peter. I put water on 'opossum — he no more 'possum, now him fish.' Another new tea-field has been dis covered. Tea- planting has made such strides in the Azores, and tbe picking of the leaf is expected to be eo considerable this season, that the pioneer shipment will this year be made to the London market. It is affirmed that Madeira tea will, in point of flavor, beat the China leaf hollow. It was only a decade ago that the tea plant was first introduced into the Azores by the Governor of Macao, who made several shipments of the plant from almoBt all the tea districts of China. A few years after wards, hearing that the plant was already acclimatised in the islands, he sent a few Chinese tea-planters to Madeira, who taught the natives how to manipulate the leaf. Sir Henry has been broken up badly. We are sorry to hear it, for much as we dislike the Samsonian-haired Statesman, we are not glad to hear that his leg has been broken. Both bones of the ankle have, we learn, been snapped right across, and a severe shock to the system received. The cabby who upset the old man is named Halfnight, and it ia our firm opinion that the ' n' should be removed from this name and a ' t' substituted. The cab was as badly smashed as the Premier's ankle, but no news is to hand as to the condition of the horse. We will obtain this informa tion, and expose the equinal villainy of this tossing of H.P., even though our thirst for information should bring to light a terrible conspiracy between cab-horse and cabby, both of whom, we hear, are strict protec tionists, to burst up the Government on 8 k6rb-stone instead of on a ' stonewall.' — Sorrier Miner. The statement recently made that in one of the Russian Law Courts there is a case which has been going on for more than 400 years reminds us of a story told of a London lawyer. When he was a young man his father retired from practice, leaving the business to him. Within a week the young man came home' and proudly pro claimed— ' Well, father, I have done in three days what you couldn't do in all the years of your practice.' 'What is that, my son ?' ' I have settled that Noa estate case.' 'Settled it, my eon? Settled it, did you say?' 'Yes, father; I settled it in three days, and I could have done it in one if the judge had been at home.' ' Young man,' eaid the astounded parent, J -'you are an bsb, a consummate ass. Why, sir, four generations of your ancestors have lived on that case and grown rich, and you and your children's children might have done the same if you had not been an egregious idiot.' A correspondent sends Truth the follow ing highly interesting ' fact :' — ' The other morning the manager of a well-known Scottish Fire Insurance Society found on his table a small packet, which on being opened proved to be a set of false teeth, burned almost beyond recognition. The letter accompanying the interesting articles Btated that the owner, an old lady, had put them aside previous to dining, whan they had been consigned to the kitchen fire with a number of rabbit bones.' She claimed compensation for the damage by fire. The directors sat in conclave to decide the important question whether the claim came under the head of ' household furniture' or ' wearing apparel.' The difficulty, however, sould not be decided, eo the demand was settled ex gratia, whatever that may be in insurance parlance.' Doubtless the monetary equivalent for her loss was, at any rate, re ceived by the toothless claimant cum grot ia. Notwithstanding all warnings, tbe ' con fidence trick,' or, as it is called in Paris, the ' American method of stealing,' con tinues to be played successfully. An un fortunate shopman, who had just become possessed of 3,000f., drew the money from the Comptoir d'Escompte, in hard cash. In the Ruede Bivoli he met with two polished, well-dressed, persuasive individuals, who got into conversation with him, snd they all adjourned to a caf-5. One of them con fided to the keeping of the youth a heavy money-bag, containing, as be said, 10,000f. Then, as the proof of mutual good faith, he asked the simpleton to entrust his pocket book to him whilst the victim went to buy some cigars. Of course, when the witless one returned, he found that bis new-found friends had disappeared, snd had had the good taste to leave him to settle for the drinks they had consumed. He felt justified then in opening the bag which had been left in his charge, and he was amazed to discover that it contained nothing but brass counters. Some interesting trials of skill have re cently taken place among the workmen employed in the rolling mills of Birming ham and Ansonia, Conn. One operative rolled an old-fashioned copper cent into a strip 18 inches long and 3-2000 in. thick. In a spirit of emulation other workmen essayed cent- rolling, and the record was broken by an Ansonia roller, who, com mencing with a modern alloy cent, finished with a strip of metal 38 in. long, and 1-500 in. in thickness. Afterwards with an 1888 cent the same man obtained a ribbon of bronze 50 in. long, f in. wide, and 1-2000 in. thick. Trying again with a cent of this year's coinage, the Ansonia man succeeded in producing a atrip 59 in, long and less than 2-1000 in. thick — so that there was no instrument delicate enough to measure it, while it had to be glued to a strip of ribbon to present it breaking. Considering that the rolls used were those employed for forming great bars of copper it will be seen what ex traordinary skill and delicacy of touch were required. An awful murder has been detected in Copenhagen. On January 7 a factory messenger, who was sent out to cash some bills, disappeared without leaving any trace. A soap manufacturer named Philipaon wae suspected of haying set fire to his manu factory. The missing messenger frequently came to Philipson'e place, and was there the day he disappeared. Philipion was arrested at Hamburg on board a steamer just leaving for Cape Town, and brought to Copenhagen. On the 12th inst. he con fessed that he had strangled the messenger, robbed him, and packed the body in a cask, which was filled up with chloride of lime. This cask was dispatched on January 13th by steamer to New York, to be forwarded to a pretended firm &t; Racine, Wisconsin. The murderer is 34, and was married a year ago. Be belongs to a respectable Jewi*h family. The shocking deed has caused a great sensation in the Danish capital. A Reuter's telegram from New York elates that the body believed to be that of the messenger Meyer was found in a cask of plaster in the appraiser's stores, where it had been lying since the first week in February. The cask came on board the Thingoalla from Copenhagen, on January 11, and was addressed to Beresford Bros., Hacine, Wisconsin. An examination of the contents were made at the instance of the authorities at Copenhagen, and dis closed the body of a man with light whiskers, aged about 35, and probably over six feet in height. The body, which was in good preservation, had been doubled up and forced into the cask, which was then filled round with plaster. The caek was therefore left in the stores, where it would eventually have been put up to auction had its contents not been discovered in time. A traveller from Lienkiang, in tbe Foo cbow prefecture (China), relates the fol lowing queer custom prevalent there among superstitious people : — ' Just outside the city gate of Lienkiang is a lake in area over 100 ' k'ing' (a ' k'ing is 100 ' mow,' or 15.13 acres). By the lake is an ancient tomb of some distinguished officer of State, before which, as guardians, stand facing each other two colossal statues, one representing a civil and tbe other a military official. The former has his back to the lake and hie face to the west ; the latter haB his back to the hill and faceB east. Long years have they stood there, in lifelike attitude, absorbing the warmth of the sun by day, and bathed in the pure rays of the moon by night, until at last, in popular belief, they have become ' ling* —acquired life and power. The people have recourse to the stone civilian in all love troubles. The perfumed smoke of in cense curls round his kindly, thoughtful face, and complaints of conjugal unhappi ness, and longings of suffering lovers for a meeting are whispered into the cold ear of this mandarin, but only whispered, so as not to be overheard by his military colleague, who stands there forbidding and frowning, aB if he had sterner- affairs to attend to than poor lovers' woes.' A thief of Ninghien, near Ningpo (Pro vince of Che-Kiang, China), called Lai-t'ow (scald-head), was robbing a house recently in the villiage of Ohengkialuao, when he was heard by an old man left in charge of the place, the owner and his wife being at a party. The caretaker went upstairs to look, but found no one, for the intruder bad hidden himself in the rafters of the roof. The watchman then proceeded to treat him self to a solitary pipe, and by some mis chance eet fire to the house. The building burned but the man slept on, and the thief came down again to finish his work, but was alarmed at seeing the flames, and was making the best of his way off when he was caught by the villagers. Unfortunately for him, the fice spread uotil 17 huts were bnrned down. The Lynch law practised in Chinese villages is very -severe upon incen diaries, and in the minds of the villagers there seemed no doubt that in Lai-t'ow they had caught one red- handed. His appeals for justice or mercy met with no response. They tied him hand and foot with straw ropea, poured lamp-oil on the poor wretch, and hurled him into the burn ing mass, where death after some minutee put an end to his terrible sufferings. Very favorable news (wires the Sydney Daily Telegraph's correspondent) haB been received from the Mount Brown Gold-Field. A 1\ oz. nugget has lately been found at Stringer's Hill by Campbell and party, who also got 3 oz. of coarse gold from a few dishes of dirt. All the claims at Stringer's are looking remarkably well. Good pay able washdirt has been discovered on the Mount Brown Amalgamated Company's property, where work has been actively carried on for some time past. The result of the washing is anxiously awaited bj local shareholders, who must wait till the Melbourne directors authorise publication. The mining manager is very sanguine about the future of this mine, and estimates tbe width of payable ground at fully 400 ft. He arrives at this conclusion from the ex cellent prospects recently discovered in the adjoining claims. Although the telegraph line is completed to Mount Brown, no office is yet opened, and at the present time the absence of rapid communication with oyuney auo meioourne is very severely reit. The superintendent of the drills (Mr. Slee) has decided to put down a bore in a suit able place near Stringer's Hill, and an inestimable boon will be conferred on the field should good water be struck, the want of which is at present a great drawback. At last the tremendous power of the mighty cataract at Niagara has to be used to turn the epindles of commerce. The un dertaking is entirely devoid of any feature which would do violence to this wonder of nature. The simple purpose is to construct a subterranean tunnel from the water level below the fall about 214 feet under the high bank of the river, extending through the rock to the upper river at a point about a mile above the falls, where a head of 120 feet is obtained. The tunnel will thence extend parallel with the shore of the river, one and a half mile, at an average depth of 160 feet below the ground, snd about 400 feet distance from the navigable water of the river, with which it will be connected by transverse surface conduits. The fall of water from these conduits into the tunnel, which is simply a tail race, produces the power, and the plans adopted will furnish 120,000 horse-power. The mill sites where this great power will be put to use are above the village, stretching along the level ground which bounds the river to tbe south, and from one to two and a half miles from the falls. Here a block of land has been acquired sufficient for the mills which would employ the horse-power mentioned, and for mercantile and other needs of a large manufacturing town. We take the following from the News of the World: — A story has' been told to the effect that Sir Henry Parkes, the New South Wales Premier, is the happy pos sessor of B lucky sixpence which was the first money he earned after he stepped ashore in Sydney half a century ago as a friendlesB and penniless immigrant. Ac cording to this story the sixpence was the future 'Colonial Grand Old Man's' reward for holding a horse outside a public-house whilst tbe rider was inside indulging in a refresher. The true legend of the now historic sixpence, as told by Sir Henry Parkes himself in a speech in Sydney a few years since, was that he was walking along the circular quay in a desperately hatd-up condition one day, when he found sixpence on the roadway. Picking it up hurriedly, he rushed off to a public-house, end had so much liquid and solid refreshment as could be had in those days for a modest sixpence, and the same day, refreshed and vigorous, he succeeded in getting a job as a wharf - lumper. Sir Henry Parkes has no super stitious ideas about luck, bnt be attributes the turn in his fortunes to the circular quay sixpence. It was the stepping-stone by which he succeeded in getting into work, and thus starting on the career which has proved so successful. The particulars of a hotel incident of the Patti open season have juet come to light. Two married men residing at San Rafael secured places at the Grand Opera House rather unexpectedly for « Patti performance, and telegraphed for their respective wives to come over and occupy rooms engaged for them at the ? hotel. Glad enough to go to the opera, the ladies came, but found no rooms engaged for them. However, the apartments were engaged subsequently, and on the return from the opera, after a late supper, the party repaired to their adjoining apartments at the caravansary. Somehow the situation of affairs wbb not plain at the office or understood by the ' help.' At length it was whispered to the night clerk that so-and-so had women in rooms Nob. ? . The order was instantly given to ' fire' them out at once. In obedience to instructions the boy on duty knocked at the doors so vigorously that the whole party from San Rafael was aroused and the ladies alarmed. ' What do you want ?' was the masculine response from the rooms. ' You must get out of here. This thing is not allowed,' was the command from the out side. ' Get away from here or I will break every bone in your body 1 Get out i' roared the indignant husband. The refusal to obey orders was communicated to the night clerk, who awakened the manager. The latter heard the statement, and ordered the help to ' put them out if you have to drag them out by force!' The second attack was more vigorous than the first. It caused an uproarious scene, mingled with threats, etifled screams, and recriminations that pro duced a tumult. The occupants of ad joining apartments were aroused, and matters were approaching a free fight when some one, grasping the situation, informed the hotel authorities that the ladies were the wives of the men in the rooms. We have frequently drawn attention to the severe and often fatal injuries that are caused by direct violence in the football field, especially among full-grown men, though probably many less appreciable and not immediately apparent strains and shocks lay the foundation of serious disease. In a recent discussion of a paper by Dr. Kenyon on 'The Hygiene of Exercise,' at a meeting of the North- Western Association of Medical Officers of Health at Manchester, the President remarked that, whilst football was a very valuable form of exercise for players who were thoroughly trained, yet for those who were for the most part lads in workshops and clerks in offices, and who only had the Saturday afternoon, ' it wbb a frightful exercise; independently of the danger of broken bones, it seemed to him that there must foe a large increase of heart disease and diseases of the blood vessels, which mast have their origin in football.' Of this, no doubt, most medical men must have observed cases, and also have seen instances in which, after the effect of the immediate in jury had apparently passed off, very serious results had subsequently shown themselves. Some sad cases of this character have come under our observation. In one instance a young man, holding a rising position, the only support of his mother, was thrown heavily, apparently only spraining his right shoulder ; but some I weeks afterwards, the pain and weakness I continuing, it was found that the deltoid and teree and other scapular muicles were undergoing atrophy, and as there was no early prospect of hia being able to return to his duties, he had to resign his appoint ment, to the jeopardy of hie prospects in life. In another case a lad of 18 was ? charged against, and received a severe con cuBsion on tbe chest. At the time he ? fainted, but was able to walk home ; shortly afterwards he noticed an increasing difficulty of breathing whenever he went upstairs or attempted to run ; it was then found that he was suffering from aortic regurgitation, the mischief being fairly at tributable to the shock received in the charge. From that time he became a a chronic invalid, and though he still lives, or wai living a short while ago, he is only able to take carnage exercise. It surely is high time that an attempt should be made to frame rules by which the game may be rendered more scientific and less hazardous. — Lancet. The disappearance of M. Camilla Saint Saens, the composer of the opera of Ascanio, which has just been produced at the National Academy of Music, promises to take rank as another mystery of Paris. It had been bruited abroad since he was not present at the premiere of his opera, that he had been confined in an asylum, but this is denied by some of his friends. M. Gallet, author of the libretto of Ascanio, states that M. Saint-Saens went to Cadiz before the opera was produced, saying that he wished to break off all connection with Paris. This was stated, as well as the fact that the com poser intended to go to Teneriffe. M. Gallet also states that M. Saint-Saens spoke about undertaking a voyage to Java, and he accordingly intends to write to the French Consul at Teneriffe on the matter. M. Gallet denies the imputation relative to the sanity of the composer, although he admits that, owing to domestic bereavements, M. Saint-Saens had of late years become melan choly and eccentric. He was separated from his wife, and was greatly affected by the death of his mother and the loss of two children. M. Gallet finally gives an em phatic denial to the allegations advanced by Mdlle. Jeanson, a cousin of the composer, who is of opinion that M. Saint-Saens has either died, and that his death has been concealed, or that he has been placed in a private asylum by certain persons. If he is dead, Mdlle. Jeanson will urge her claims aB heir to the property inherited by M. Saint-Saens from his mother, who once owned the island of Oaprera, which she sold to the Italian Government for £160,000. The greater part of this sum is alleged by Mdlle. Jeanson to have been squandered by M. Saint-Saens ; and if the composer be alive she will bring an action against him for having taken the places of his cousins Jeanson, who also had claims on the estate of Madame Delettre, the mother of tbe missing musician. M. Gallet refuses to believe that M. Saint-Saens, who lived modestly, ever inherited the sum mentioned, but he admits that he only knew the composer's family imperfectly. Thus the mysterious elements in the affair con tinue to accumulate ; but the bare fact of the disappearance of the composer is not regarded as extraordinary by some of his professional friends and colleagues, who point out that be frequently absented him self from Paris at the first performances of bis works. A lady we once heard say in a railway carriage, ' The trains on this line are always [ate. They advertise this train to go a mile a minute, and we have only come 45 miles in three-quarters of an hour 1' Kate: 'Sophie is, as you say, a very attractive girl ; but don't you think there is something masculine about her?' Harry, looking attentively : ' Well, nothing, except Mr. Spinner's arm.' He: 'I hear you are going to be married.' She : ' No ; I'm only engaged.' Two things 8 man does not often forget — bjs first love and hie first smoke, ' , 