The' Postal Meforms, Mm. Goschen's late budget speecli is for Australasia one of the most important ever delivered. The postal reforms an nounced, for which, thanks axe principally due to a well-known Australian, Mr. HennikjvR Heaton, now Conservative mem ber for the ancient cathedral city or Canterbury, mark a great, though, possibly not final, victory in a campaign for cheaper postage between the different parts of the Empire which that gentleman -undertook single handed ; and his very definite and signal triumph over official obstRW-trveness* Mr. Heaton, who 'began his work by ob taining a reduction of twopence on the half ounce for letters sent by the long sea route, has had to endure qxdte sufficient abuse to recall to mind the 6UfficnTfties of ! Rowiahd TTtt.t, The Eight Hon. Cecil Baikes, the Imperial Post master-G-eneral, only last session, took occasion to call T-fm in public debate an advertising politician, and the Postmaster General's supporters in the press have been liberal with such epithets as ' fussy,' ' truculent,' ' utterly ignorant of politics,' and ' nuisance ;' while his questions have been denounced, as ' utterly stupid, and unnecessarily taking up the time of the House of Commons.' All this was the. reward of pegging away for a definite and beneficial object, instead of silently vot ing with a party and -uttering v-ague plati tudes about everything under heaven. The persistency which was to the Postmaster-General a 'stumbling block, and to 'hi** writing henchman and the Ttte Babnacxes of St. Martin's-le-Grand foolish nessa struck in. a very different manner the Chancellor of the Exchequer, the man who -was imported into the Cabinet, despite some party differences, especially because of bifi clear-headedness and his reputation with business men; who is acknowledged to be next to Mr. Gx^lDSToiste, the greatest financial authority in the kingdom, and whose budgets are admitted to be master pieces even by his great rival. Whether it is the financial or the political side of the suggested reforms that has recommended them to the British Cabinet it is hard to say. Probably the influential, members of that body, as practical men, have weighed both. They may have recognised that it is rather absurd for the British Government and its supporters to prose periodically about ties of kindred, solidarity of the Empire, and so forth, while all the time, for the sake of a few thousand pounds, lessening by prohibitive postal rates the very tan gible and practical tie of frequent com munication. The anomaly in regard to this part of the world that still esists, though, it is to be hoped it is now doomed, is that the United King dom under the Postal Union could hold converse more cheaply with such places as the Azores, the Canary Islands, Iceland.,. Marquesas, Montenegro, Persia, Tahiti, the Falkland Islands, Gambia, Chili, Nicaragua, Paraguay, Patagonia, and Venezuela than, with her own kith and kin. There are arrangements for cheapen ing dispatch to French, German, Dutch, Danish, Spanish, and Portuguese colo nies j but successive suggestions for admitting to these benefits the Aus tralasian colonies, which are worth all the foreign colonies put together, were rrn-fnl last week resisted as though they had been plots of 'burglary. There is now a suggestion that Australia should join the postal union, instead of making, as Mr, Goschen seems to contemplate, an exclusive arrangement ?with, the mother country. But that is a matter of detail. The essential thing is that dear postage has received a blow which it cannot survive. . The views of the Postmasters- General of the various Australasian countries, which we reproduce to-day; mostly unfavorable as .they are to the proposed reform, are what might naturally be expected from the* official mind. Those responsible for ex penditure fromthe public purse are always, where 'the interests of the public alone are concerned, disinclined to run any risk of loss. ;One could wish that this caution extended to matters where outlay directly beneficial to officials, as that on gorgeous offices and .high salaries, is concerned, but, as far as it goes, it is praiseworthy. It is quite worthy of Mr. Haiees, for in stance, who is a commendable and honest administrator, though not like Mr. Goschen capable of taking a large view of things. We may express the opinion that those who anticipate heavy loss from the reduc tion of the letter rate- to 2|-d per J02 altogether under- estimate the increase in thframount of correspondencejthatwouhlen sue. Farther,evenif there be some loss, there will be indirect benefits to compensate for it which would more than Tecoup even the amount of £13,000, about which it seems somewhat unworthy for those claiming to be citizens of a great country to make an outcry. Those who remember the thousands and thousands that in times past have been spent on much more questionable objects, with scarcely a single word of dissent, will find it hard to stir themselves to any great height of indigna tion over a comparatively small sum, the purchase money of a boon that will benefit more than anyone that class of new arrivals from which so many good Australians have been developed. If the country wants to attract a useful, enter prising population — -and who will say it does not ? — it appears very short sighted to cut the immigrant off from in forming his friends as to how he is getting on. If we are to have an influx merely of paupers and outcasts from Europe of course postal matters are of no concern to such people as they have no reason to write* and probably could not if they had. Cheap ocean postage -would be a good thing, and would pay for itself in various ways. More than this, if as soon as our authorities see their way they would attempt the establishment of au inland penny post, they would be conferring a boon, which, though it might give a shock to the bureaucrats, would have some ap preciable effect even in opening up the country and encouraging local trade, and would be welcomed by every poor man who can read and write. 