PARLIAMENT. WEDNESDAY, AUGUST G. LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. The President took the chair at 4 p.m. MOTION FOR ADJOURNMENT. Mr MORETON moved the adjournment of the House, and said be had conciseness that morning, a statement that on an amendment in the Victorian Legislative Assembly being now d, to the effect that the Estimates be referred back to the Colonial Treasury for further consideration, the proceedings in the Legislative Council I see stopped That carried out what they contended on Tuesday, that no business should go on while in another place a vote of want of confidence was hanging over the Government. There was only the difference between the cases that the House in Victoria was elective but they were therefore more in touch with the people. He mentioned the matter to show that They were right in what they had done on the previous day Mr MACDONALD PATERSON also referred to the matter, and said he was ashamed of the division which had taken place on the previous day it second a parody on what had had to place yesterday that on that morning they had a telegram as mentioned by Mr Motton Rofe fence had been made as to the matters on the business paper not being put matters was the matter in Victoria a party matter } Whatever the character of the business and it should have been suspended as soon as the Leader of the Government in that Chamber knew that a want of confidence vote was un In consideration elsewhere. It was not a matter as to the nil run out the business 01 party, but one of principle of vital principle in the conduct of business in the Chamber It had been and they were not dependent on other Pnilnin fits for precedents His reply to that was that it was simply no sense He trusted the ibv,bioii}csteidii} would be taken as a working protest After remarks is our Mr Heussler, Mr THYNNE said the motion for adjournment was really an endeavour to keep all the conclusion which the House came to yesterday a conclusion which be believed was a correct one in principle and practice It was an extraordinary thing if that was to be quoted as a constitutional rule that neither of the hon gentlemen who had spoken were able to show any rule on the subject. He was not aware, as he stated yesterday) that it was a correct thing wherever circumstances such as those here arose that business should be suspended He was not aware of what the exact posi- tion of business was in Victoria in the Legislative Assembly Under eel tam circumstances it would be his duty to ask the House to adjourn, but he did not think those circumstances had arisen as hon. gentleman in a few days would learn He thought it was rather early to announce that the Government had forfeited the confidence of Pm liament He contended that it was the dignified and proper course for that House to proceed with business on the paper until it was quite clear that they should discontinue the business Mr MORETON said he had merely brought the matter up not with the idea to continue the discussion, but to show that they had some reason for bringing it up yesterday He withdrew the motion for adjournment FEDERATION RESOLUTIONS Mr. MORETON said that in renewing the debate he was placed at a disadvantage in his mg to follow such able speakers as Mr. Thomas Smith and Mr Brentnall, The question before them was of very great importance, and he thought it right that most of them should say something. It was very satisfactory to know and feel in Queensland that while some speakers in the Southern Parliaments railed at Sir H Parkes, there was nothing of that sort here, but, at the same time, there was no occasion to sing his paeans of praise The matter was now in the range of practical politics On the question of defence, He maintained that in other countries the necessity of defence, 01 after a successful resistance to an enemy, had ltd to federation they had illustra irons in the Souths in Dutch States, Switzerland, and Canada He did not know what "bogey" was frightening them here The only one l. felled to was the Chinese, and he did not think there was much occasion to have tear from that quarter He did not think any one could say what the feeling of the masses was on the subject of fe li action . represent only uren Himkmg turn find gin is much attention to the matter. He i died that the words union and federation were used rvnoiioiuiiu ly but he thought union was cementing a paste State presiding the present side lines, has in fr elevation it would he union of throat and side lines America was a union, met old up to hide nation, and Canada a federation He bel veil in the union He cordially . endorsed the statement that whatever sail they united pub the other colonies they should give up as little as possible the pi o charges of belligerent tonight! now bud He thought the fauueisiieie just now suing the benefit protection had "run them during the past two years, and which might be taken away again In her trade; by the farmers, he did not refer to the sugar pi writers who say that federation would give the in a better market for their hugill, mid pion this morning advantage which was about to be Ill u been lin in The fed. i labour v Erldunda. i it iiiiii(i.sbn to go to England so often for Smitt i II III i 11 ung out their business, there was a in j. odd.' in time Join the one for our able to a so me time 23 min pi scenes then t piping, but li, lnpeltiseo fo> main spans. the old flag f.atin over them He looked for said to the t me in. a tin 1 English sin king rules we all is units d for mutual support and to. fit He was one the dde/iiVs i ppointed would see that the limb was not go. up it the condition ev n to gum b one be a. fit Dr 'I UlOltsmlit minister a sunce o'er it if nation to find their cp interest in fiduciary tAi'i by the (Irish, i Jin late hon bud to an end tam i it. is seen regards d from a t-enhmintnl very , but though the question was dealt with find it in points of I "am not only builds d, he thought the had not it, uni enough U tbcptncheil ed, of intimated the que storm was as to when we were to be like Canada will land e tenthill hatchway; on the tent) in Pm 1 Himself, and the problem.. , little more than mine near corporation, That would not want Queens landers on all counts 'His quit stum must be included both He sh report of anthill against, us up a, film In it a iv thing brought about would not be of a nation but "quite an p ii of the at home They should lost, i he, ',. his.' r f brother hood and not allow anything to me, no h rd I t Kin tin gods of Julie minister Hmui. ved the history of Pi haunt us in. it at II in the last eighteen months and within added that bed and the point upon which a ii i in lion in credit be taken, pi escaped national i 'i i li in < q at one of debt as, you sum of skin,., milk, II, in the Pamir, as In law and he trailers in Samoa Had Music is not I v, i III The letter of still, "dull kio ,! 1 1 in It had been run! It had in a house at the Hut i IVdu ii Gow iniDu,! sail ml, i ki i sum, in port owing mon, v II mill in ' a high more than it I i. II had a. - in I is Mr J Edel al (Wornum c nil , I i uni I. 'I. , guilty Hun Q M wishful "' a , i Clara Butt, is for consuls in II W I. I Um mail 3 "pm. at, and the, rd I t "H (G. Is id, i for sale gin of one sheep of all in evening t In "ship totally., lllOI't 1 I,, ( , I! Ol 111 1,1 MR. GAUL dealt ' It is I, Ki! t lil II)' by Ul t HOTEL to see the 1!, V, to take it all, but about li , H. that it be found it would require' way issue- ,|u , lion He did not 1 not inn . used I. I. I t. i ..niiliigous to that in Australia for inclusion is a."IRE m p i fully and illicitly 'I help n is nothing'; to H. it line a f.. but ; of nation.,! inspiration II. hoped (the north and within i at I return a visit PI "i To find it . h, take him , ii I , r "him s He would b but I say to him! Uni anything in (his Sunday , > 1,1 eve of -, by. the position of two. of His Y., 'on ml South.! of St',, "f Ann 116 i Vd it, add a bit, of. an, 1 1 elf was what form should Uni I and J P, i, "i I hull, so as to be. a, sad, dant son , with the Crown so as to b ill, lo.\\..r.,,< to, a, finish,' If HIM pi.n. slim build and k, original ki Munslurt lcspniisillot.) P, in. a sum in aid s of it Innung Hu dUk, ult v sent,! for Mr. 1 { ""n Hi. look ships Lou To Sir. I- "ask us. (similarly be asked to use his i |,,,s "a v,, i,, i" formation, and hoped to li, num- around , n from t li, Leader i st I lb Gove i uni, nt on th mills He had intended to men, n in n lin, upon the". resolutions but added ii. I it. VI,,,, I,, f," India" had u him I H III, used Mould m .l,.,il,i Line some, reason for 114. J A and I!, i n in the mines , of the ( along mu s li in the boat, "filled bull's Ah Al V VNslI "I fell I., tariffs "mill was hoped to si ? Vu li in all. rates and in sacks not assist (in input!, n !" say a few w, as I. was glad to see the. hull i. pi. s claim, on! the, men appointed in China!.- but It U, It, is time HI, I present line of Hu ( thinks I am, not more. . qu i to that of the s, nihil s,"," ,"",,1, n,,,,, 1,1 the time had not contested (by f. d. nation falls soon, but heuin.idu,«! Hu fund should not be. longer put off At pus. ed to use my going into shot her (whom it was his gun at,, a future romilly. The him die dude- would in the great difficulty in the use of l.du.ih'iii if it was. formed. He hoped that within less than almost. seas on AiiKtinbun nation, without mi! Imperial federation in it. He believed the time would come, and saw nothing disloyal in wishing to SKI Din Hum when Australia would become an iuiliipautUut nation, departing peacefully from the mother country as a flop gross nig to manhood started out on his own account, but attached to the land from which they sprung by the strong bonds of love, and the bonds of blood Men of his age could not hope to see it in their lifetime but then children no doubt would. Ah HLUSSLI R land that man soil of doxoltvi to the debate he would say a few words He hoped to see union under the Crown, though some people were favourable to establishing an mile pendent nation If Australia were independent there would be no necessity for a Defcueo I area at all, as the nations of the earth would be so jealous of each other that there would be nothing to fern from them He hoped the Federal I'm li i ment would be a strong one, so that the different colonies would not be able to secede Mr THYNNE friendly reference to the proportion Relected of members of the Council and that he had commented on the matter, but found that the proportion of members of the Legislative Assembly was 1 D4, and of the Legislative Council 2 ob of their number feelings of humanity pic rented land from pressing for a closer figure than thill continued in the resolutions He congress Idled the House on the tone of the debate, and paid it would materially assist the delegate s The motion for the adoption of the resolutions has been made and passed CHINESE IMMIGRATION ACT AMEND THE NT BILL Mr) THYNNE moved the second reading of the Chinese Iimiiigi tion Restriction Act Amendment Bill He explained that the nnioiuhnent would make the bill acceptable, and was, an Sinn t that any arrest of a ship, or owner, of) mustered should in the as out of any of the Chinese crew of Uto ship not bang I mud it n muster on bond before clem ance, be liable to a fine and not any a son ment All MACDONATDTAII RON moved the adjournment of the debate, the resumption of which was made an Order of the Day for Tuesday lit -Nt The House adjourned at 6 IÏJ p in LEGISLATIVE ASS! AIREY The Speaker (Hon A Norton) took the chair at 3 TO J) In and he fell | i ii el s APPROPRIATE SON BILL Mr DONALDSON gave not co that the follow- nig day he would move that so much of the Standing' Orders be sunspot tided as will admit of no Appropriation Bill being passed through all its) stages in one This QUESTIONS Air TOYER asked the Chief Secretary, without notice, as hen the claim he asked for, clause to the appointing it of his il servants, would be laid on the table of the House All AIOREHI Al) n phed Hut the pipes s would be laid on the tube of the theme as soon as they wore reads The Goiciniiiint bid andesite to suppress any information that 5h Torei wanted on the subject highly to Air Ahllrtr, Mr Al ACROSS AN said that the Government could not at present promise to put on the. Supplementary Estimates the sum of £700 towards a School of Mines in Gympie on the same terms as grounded last year Air POWERS tnieply to Ah Alt llor, said that the Government favoured an annual grant tons under the maintenance of the institution for technical classes memoire on condition that pound for pound was contributed locally t.OAERNAIFNl TAXATION PROPOSALS The debate on the financial proposals of the Government was at sinned Air HAMILTON i nil that for years past the expenditure of the colony had been mistress of the income, and it was necessary to large money by some means to place the colony in ii sutisf ic tory financial position The late Gol eminent, he considered, had got the colony into its present miss by the Land Act of 1881, which had proved a fillip so far as this no; less une nils concerned, find by the ten million loan which was borrowed on the strength of the Land Act of 1884 The Gas at lament proposed a general property tax as the best means of getting the colony out of its difficulties, but stationers the Opposition were in favour of a land and property tax in the j) ist they were opposed to it now simply be cause it had been brought in by the Government He admitted that the property tax would to a certain client full upon the woman',' man-like u, be so) but it would fall upon the rich man more bens is still, and that was the reason why it had been.) proposed by the Government Sir Thomas M Hu ruth li is shown that if a property tax was imposed the squatters alone would contribute £120 000, and Mount shotgun ¿¿.gOOO toss in this the sea unite and as the Treasure r only wanted to t nee 1200, 000, he could not see how the cat would full upon the noticing classes to any great extent It was said that an income tax suits better than a property tax, but in South Australia the income tax had not proved a success, for lest sun only It' 14,000 sums raised in that colony by that form of the Union the same difficulties exist. 1 in imposing all income the us in his s was a play by the Inquiries into the working of the income tax where it was in operation find revealed the. fact that it was not strike,.' satisfactions The Leader of the Opposition said the other t das Hut There seas a large class of pioneers in the colony Unit ; it did nothing, and should not be taxed The iron lung man would Fund's again with li in in that respect AA'hs should all parts interdicting nothing not be tried U ss-s increasing' in s du. sen lift l seen by But such line or Gos a mass of enemies, and it should returns be made to hear a share of I nation It had been engaged that the treaty would have tin about steadier is shot her! He still brand This would be in the b. t position, h. cures the v R and not be term [An SIOItdAN "Obeyed A small fire isitluTjOOs 5th of that would not be Allies but if hune ed to. meet 1700 worth it, would only have to pay the tax upon the 1200 In the even in. nt to divisions 1 bonds were stopped the ss sail in it would b. n I Hill b wish position than he sms t pr suit 11. saw ii^aitleiuiin mount slum (in. an' Al settlers who would be far 1 to the. ment of SHOT i morning by the captains n if it t I a M ml' Mu "it in mind the. i.. I I. t m, th. cip h t ' Same h a n li. merino, s for 1 in 'lied us in. one of the trial on a a prison. it of in. mines I! won! 1 su , t that be in nihil s of the House for. a Hie i salutes night but June uni I » There be ill in 1st i lie aid t f Hi Mile This would ill. It is h l ''ins. 'within, a win wire lonist in the port stat on at I., am If of the. war' in,- mi would like it Mr AIOJ.CW ' Son and our own time as in many. of how the term iit.itis.soi tim still in an sought me out a sum intrusions u n t a i bundle ss is sugg til II ss is stated that the s I s the lists furnished by i e is appoint- ment II bad turn He thought, it I ask it the in milk" found that the It v t. n stories was this Osborne pains she had it in repair deal to kill and iippeiiiitiiiiuts Hi p r, M in pin I s m past li in bed at me. I the Irish rents He has!, s pass him nuptials puts in a. puts sits in 1 this inviting' girls, I am Un s pipe d t i i to his mate A signal r|..'.I him He i tin i . lis Huit half of the union would 1 It , 1 is in Him is His p. p o I v, l" my pen, | I, lands lb n so as and In ss, s , r ",,", , the Hu tell us in the pit, sh, say the' tins ss ss, I I) i, mine He. is u is in Hi short hit with ss nee. uni Ali liVIII.OSy sod is laid It- Most upon dr n n m m. m of man I n be miss it I ii IHHIII just as limited with him upon land ss is,, sails for He I., I. lit of the criminals it in a run to himself li. bud on Districts met in I miss, I with in pub! i i cut in,; real in past itt II must "n, sp,.',, n us, at the I I i in. a pipe Is an I in o i In. re, li. ss s lib.. the s,. for lb' in a Imu' 'Mr. s nil turns some Billing)! He presided. at pi. I i st iMiium son it had been s. i p unis 1. I.. will But the 1 'in died in on. me > s, st., cash 15s Hu In an ii. mu son It's so, of th, lion i and it was not the n me so far is like follow the sun, again, It,, p" m, is ne- the just lit position of Hu . .! was so ill that iii. that, it had shown Hutu Id named Insist on was not ubsi.liil.il in It me. was a man.., and this win lightly that the rout th of this month and mond the b. I din, tin s. n I!, i open from inst is, should be in,., a, and the ( instants . old. lions invite I., got to 'the non. lay far up-, as River s tonal us it is half in, and hinder us mm h s i. in mind. but it had been ii.iitunl.il by some members til ii the war would fill in iii. I on St., ml Martin and Miss Mjmtlus, all not much, we kin.' mm Hut the it would fill no lights no in His PART III His shop, of Is sin in a,., th.. .- Is In used This had been held that , I'III mine, is sure to be exempt 1, but I pulled this 1 1 not know island The mill! is. to s Hi, v same told submits Uml fin on the ss st 3 . is, until I li it, is thought, is is li' wot si II. ,," first ,,,"1,1 |" J. V an, "I all a bad I first met . ss is nears.. United Hit i i uni 1 s h , Mills It was one 'I lb 2"' If U its of Inn in Is to paint, i lo "'""I"' he man who 1 ,', In,, his rooms in Finn Jim sat, alone. in nay,. to" ."""uniiits men missing In SS S I , U "" ",, "" "M (a, ,, i,,,,,!,! II met with an. ss, W ",,,, mA ,, ,"" missing man is as many. thrilling i snow , sin Inn, and . sad t!" p, a, n i Is Mining On billed, "for , ,,, ,! '", if I,,,.,,,,,' " "Holden mines, and tin, 5,, tins , lots 10,1,1 has so ministers it from it in a mi j t us, 1 ," it He was then Is in tins,, with th, (,",,," deal with a runs to, win, ""I sent a, The s was Mines, and as ,,,",, time should be run d A "and iii no hall is,,,, wind about |)tijimmt of member he had voted against the bill in all its stages [All LISSNER " And yet you take the money "] And he would continue to take it. The question of payment of members touched one of the main blocks upon which then constitution was built-in question much higher than the suing of 120000 It afforded constitute news He op n limit v of returned" menus Hum hope sentries who were well fitted for the post by dint of bud exp notice men who had made it a pi thee to be ' 5 lb all ' wore a most undesirable class He would like to see the question of payment of mem has once and for all settled, and the sum realised to £200 and the salaries of Ministers reduced from £1000 To £700 m £800 Rest 1911-12, to the sale of Crown Lands, be asked how much of the 123 000 000 runs now unalienated was available i T bet owns a lot of waste country, morcpnrhciilnily in the Cape York district Those members who talked about the available area of land washed themselves and other s us well It had been held that the land tax would interfere with the value of the land held by the State If the SI he was obliged to sell land for what it would bring then the argument would bille some force But the State had always fixed the minimum price at which land should be sold He pointed out there was a great difference between the Lund Acts of 1876 and 188!, because over £1,000 000 was rising to Um Treasury under the latter Act sheens the money received from the Land Act of 1931) (board into the Treasury 11, it be came due He contended that land alienation ultimately meant land monopoly (Heal, kill) The edict infill not be felt at to him but it was as certain as that effect followed cause He read an extinct both in iii title written by Um Leads of the Opposition, and published in the ' Cullulla of Mr measure which he (Mr Barlow) considered 1 clearly showed that fair S W Griffith did not argue that interest and profit for robbed us All Dihimplo had tried to make out He would support the amend meat of Sir S W Griffith became In did not think the Government in thru pi primes find hit upon the best means of getting the colony out of its financial difficulties (Hear, about ) Mr CORPILLD said that as he intended to vote against the Government on then proposed property tax he felt it necessity to explain well the reason He was die to 1 as a decided opponent of a land and property tax, and so far he had had no reason to eli in his opinion He believed he still had the census, nee of his constituents Even if his opinions on the subject had changed, he felt it would be his duty before k up his late in favour of the Govern me at proposals to consult his constituents and abide by their decision (Hear, hear ) He did not intend to go into the question as to whether a proper rt} tax would hear unjustly and equitably upon all classesoftliocommiiint} Ileliud nothing to say against the Government and he had given them his ci insist, nt support in the past IIICUUHO then me names were generally in harmony with, its principles But in the present instance he) was not prepared to sacrifice his principles to his party (hear, hear-and be considered it his duty or on at the risk of being called a deserter, to vote against a land and property tax In doing so he had simply followed what he sells veil to be the right course and had done his duty to himself and to his constituents (Hear hear) Aft CROMBIE said that he would iotea"nnist Sir S W Gi (filth's am ndm nt, but he had nothing to say about the proposals of the Gore in in not (Opposition 1 nighter ) The amen heart in me a want of confidence in the Government and Iioiveiu little confidence he fill in the Government he had no confide name in the Opposition because they had brought the colony to its present difficulty [Opposition Members No Mr HYN'u and he did not listen in the pin pretty tax proposed by the Gosenniii it, because it would not fall and the class of persons who was able to beat it He contended that the property tax had been a failure in America, and inn in ne so in New Zealand In the latter country the people were up in arms against the tax, and WHO done',' their utmost to get it rope the d (Hem, Iltur) In Queensland the road trusts and money lenders were binding m then areas es at the tin, because they would pass the tax on to the limiting mine, who bor ion ed money from them (Htm, be in the tax would not affect the wholesaler store is opens, because On s would increase the u paces to the gremlins, und sites in turn would pass it on to the consumer (Hear, hear) He did not think out fresh taxation was necessary if the Um eminent would only go in for a thorough system of letuuehmeiit-(heil, beings had been done) in No w 2. stand He thought the as it was- the star consider ably or ermine decline, being and could be run on more economic lines (Here, is an ) Empires he, should pay for the increased scale to their moment t alienated ss is line was built He believed in in income tax, and he was in favour of absentees playing a double tar (Hull, in al) A great saving might be the. city is in Uto íes,MI no from st ring duties at the leakage there were! stopped He be lies ed that a land or income-tax was the best mount of the tug a venue He pointed out that in New Minshull the property but was most injurious to the people -(but, hear-and that the population of the dentists had decreased during the last few days According to Um plop, rise to the hon. gentleman is held not pass mine tin in the profit a man in the colony It. could late of ituig'iiiiie.nt establish ment unit set he could be wholly i extinct. is the only way he could be made to just would him an indecent, matter through the tax upon the articles of consumption If the propo.sals est I it ith 1 committe i he was and not be business d to find that thou fill in I tell s of consumption issue exempted He do unit to see them put into force. The Colonial S so tiny said the other i si thing that in order to present dishonest it turns being given Hit n lines should be publish in South is course would have a most disastrous effect 1910-11 farms struggling tradesman whose affairs would be made known to just, outside H would be finally us in a melons as Hi. (millie those in huts hulls of the. und invitingly in the It ide glad of it,, k list' which I must d me of hands not t > han and sings with them unless for t ish li, went on John girl. But the prophets for in it is All and sr and base b.. that peach cashed it not be n for the tar t til it money is voted for him Is rather lb in for the estimated age d He hoped son It tiHtiteof til his would not. take them in Qua ml uni, itlllie.ugh he had been told it would, u u illusion Was. I to. 3 light illicit NllllUOUs ill at SSele (plotted from the, New Zealand is insult. show that sm | oil is of the Ministry I. well us to the ton was strongly against the By Hi tramline. 1 is stating that if the I. number of wish to upon of it ngthi'luT upon the curing it so all I H. albino forms of th. lion a white. hope is sir I am nig foundered in committee to stop the in horn passing the House | Mr ISVUIJI UT said the propose. a tax was a in, si unsuitableness Pi mi to The passing of the Land Act of Ksl it was a have easy malt, r of Mr. uni i, to make. both ends in 11, because Uni . ould bin. he was, to the sub of Lands, has now sent a xDi'du m s is stopped, and it required more skill to a value, in human x of the Indian Sime Hu passing of my business prohibiting a too ready means of in taking up his heels all" lines of police! pay as bid by., a . insidiously existent. train must! respect. the.. other side loved againstatixi.il his Inn in is my mind, , 1 bl III, Gol. lime lit, Ixl ki s" s W Griffith, but non He was in it expedient to who has. a tindal system of lowering und in human Uni had not made the hit! him us much time ought to go further, and inn',, tin s;,,, I had glowering at me inopoli, pleasure He i small.) p ships lost on income li The proposal hut He" ( country would be In, mining ION Ps "Put it on colonial » i VI here The Oppns line till, ml from the put! now in port,, was that lin v had not lit III fast to him than,! Wim, Uni pianist Mines in tests sought, then they wealthy could not favour men is, in taxation, inn! Uni sut well d m g. King ntl. ii ii to saw the sugar planters and On [filling, his list Son did Hi! sir we III. pillar, ins I in l pipe.,. (I t . If, these He out! in full uni -pints without up June, the duty! on null Hld hops VVIiuitn Alimslu for finality, has not! siHoidbe (Vii I, Imbil o suggest to him But a wise miss to pin man amusing >. will, could be to taken his out of the look of III, Under Sonata in Vgue ultimo" li the until, i departments followed suit the I would find that the deficit would not so good in a lil! short time, must Hun- assets for the obnoxious (nation would not exist He would be milk required On must mean nt 1. You the, Hour i M A A'IMIN said that when at Isola, in history The action for lb a day md was 14\. ft still in wine in less. than Ud tin in lion of it Um sun, i oil must- sound as i. them The pll VII hills, If i t. whites, oppose and 1 and this is a li II I III I wool b. sin hand if Hit or, I am t, is. rain it should now be I. line to on the trouble I that I, used, were Uni. a he is. ill,, i aid. of Hu lion who would ask him I in in; his, promise, tion Muuhiis list s bar ass He was,, at the time of silking station so he would "lip as the land All of IMI I M he n situated Hill it was owing in line h to this is a . I His but million torn in the months is id i. ii brought To III ss and it was to us III The jib nuns s h. much It lusioiistitiiuits he would unit. is in to tin in it of a allies I i i nts out This is but how, si i hid in a nut ; Ali In a Muiibu ' Not b Chislett, . line h t but as is most) tactful, and spoil more than one of the "Stn the to parts of Qui i instant! It billed of a thorough system of idiom h p m nt i ill with in imposing ans fresh I exertion (Hear, him ) Members of fat liament should set I the example and forego their salary s There don went to Divisional Boards should also be reduced one half He did not think the Divisional Boards would object to the reduction, considering the present condition of the Treasury He would also like to see a light duty imposed upon ben and spirits The Land Act of 1861 he considers el hand pi o ml a failure and shrub! be opened is soon as possible 1 lit Di f( nee Pou e should almost dispensed with and the Volunteers should receive incomes month instead (lieu heir) He was in fun out of hearing is an" amount of Crown lands and in punishing the Treasury He did not think it was fun to exempt the nature of the well man from taxation them, hear-and he thought that the walking men of the colony were willing to be taxed according" to their ability to pay If Mr Morehead would listen to the opinion of the Opposition-(Opposition cheers) the colony would whither he was in Opposition laughter) with which it was now bulling He was not afraid to go before his constituents (heal, bear) -and he would vote for what he believe d was light and just and support the amendment of the Leader of the Opposition (Cheers ) Mr. GANNON said that the Opposition had said a a great deal against the proper ty tax propose d by the Government, but if the measure had been brought in by themselves til } would lulu supported it (Cries of 'No no," and "Yes, yes ) He did not think the lix would fall HO hendy upon the working" classes a had been in "need lessons thumb is A property tax it aim each in Felt in directions would be a good try, but malta the present cntiimsltucos he were not prepared to support it (Bear, heat, and daughter ) He did not think the colony was pre pm ed for fresh taxation in any shape The Land Act of 1881 he contended had been fishing, and had been the cause of ne may all our troubles Crown lands should be sold in large quantities, and the red enue increased as well as the pi plan settled on the land He thought that by retrenchment the colony would be able to get along without any fresh taxation Tiny should c visited the coast quinces of voting ft with amendment of Sir S W Griffith If the man midnight was carried The Li side of the Oppo- t i i would be sent for to form a Ministry In the present state of politics he did not think Sir S W Griffith would be able to carry on very low" if he was sent for, and if he could not carry on it was ml I mean a gene rd election (Opposition elie rs ) He did not think a "final election would bride sirable at the present time the Government would make a girl at insane if they did not so man and then taxation or posts is to give vent the Opposition k time into power they knew that the of eade i e of the Opposition had rubbing his colours to the mast as far as a land tax was collected el Winn been twitted with the head Jeetho hon (gentleman said that if he went into the House he was had into it a pronounced 54 native men of the land tax If the House total for the arm radiant Up by would be voting directly for a land tax Under the property tax Mount Aim in would be. taxi d to the extent of 12') 000 pi i annum, but in Let the land tax it would not be made to pay Is An income tax would be the only interest in for coming at Mount Morgan or other dividend paying com p uni s AC per cent dividend tax would bring in an annual tax of 6 on £50,000 to £60,000 stone from Mount Morgan, and £150 000 to £180 000 from other companies I line would be the only a by they could reach companies J 19 Land Act of 1881 was attended to I at good Act but it was the w st Act on the Statute book dealing with the hands If it had been on brought in by the other words they would has been both d out of the country 14th id i oh (1 for the com line met of the endowment to divisional boards, but he thought they would be justified in reducing the, subsidy to a loan 1 for noon 1 seeing the State the crunchy but bitter n t He thought the members should Congo their sinister nature He also favoured the which of the vote to the U. f. nee Police, by which they could say from 2000 to i 2000 per minute As far as a general election was concern 1 In would be in favour of it, but he did not think it would be fraught with any good, sering Hu state the colony had drifted into Lately He would not into for the amendment, but would issue to himself the right to vote as he liked m c or ebony and the imposition of additional t to action when the proper r June carne Mr HODGKINSON, before proceeding' with letters of the utilitarian proposals, criticised lit Neither length certain students at Unit had been insulin by the hon member for I'oossofimbii, Toowong, and Herbert He said he was astonished to hear the bott members for Toowong and Too srooinhnspinking against Um pus must be my turn is It suits done to ki i p men like himself and the hon. member for Mund mint out of the House. The no mail for Toowong had spoken in lately so sure laws of the manner in which divisional boards bonded up the funds, but the hon member must not forget that the divisional soon as it is not put; to much of the funds in hand as possible III contemplation of the reduction of the ml. ss ment Mr Hodgkinson Hun- plot d statistics- to show that the Northern part of the colony had been forgotten for them list of the South It was said that the Unthill Goseniniuit iris is one man" driving. it, but he was indecently fit of any man in the house He would society be a member of a son in in (this. curious trial n mt Lillie of a no hills' don mint at (delights ) II. related to nor time in its, ninth Mr iAIuuos,an and Ah Philp had influx I th, (resulting, in to undertake at Tow was ill., and romp! lined that nothing but they dont lining Um list in the month, towards the io,,,tinctum of the Cms don Railway. He also added to the s Finally issues hardened li the dons is so I Thomas M'Ilwraith in (It, past had charge of the inn, li to install), is who (came into Um House political In Support their son of attention with the KIIUS uni intensities Not a wind had been put in as out of the sit at industry, which was outlooks 1 by both sides of the Iltmst The. spider past day dintiiiitiiH statistics to show Hut He nations was an animal such as the stars nuts uni! but dealt with it an ingenious system of dealing with the public funds The land so may it and building son to ss is responsible for it of the p s. it d, p ,, sion in the colony but I (hope pi, ins who In I bought land and lions nom true s, m, s i unable to pi. ton I am in mail is in this and the ltd is. ripe but to SS He is the money, be i Un It li! by 1 ling's not ties had ' , so 1 Th hill hill, n living on b on a in , in it as he did fail now Unit a uns m I left I , lo p'S Allied lines (mind to sit that in a l II mu 1 n me 1 RISES again The w i ! MX the is as miss all-round according to it to the IS I), l 11 1,0 wind caused 1100 i n nil i m mile P J trial of the late of 1 put a nt ! 1 ". out fills him with accused llOOOa si i II met a is 10 pi 1 but He was not) in I nom 11 rain" Uni h. or p of , sion (It is, but 1 R W l most unusual if not Extras giving the old plan d Ibu usions as it, may suit position, and! there was no to listen ss Is it should remained in that position if we would only incline on a Hamblin, llotouehiilid by 1. lining Lands, If in favour of a land tax and an increase of It was in mufti stood intended to bring tin in fact the illusion Hut night, but if In li id my power to present it, lemons' cut nails so ill Ah said I say that the GoieinniPiil found in his, Ives in a p , ii um 'li of all, v union and make both nails as. I and tun had no idea of my proposals to the lion former the d, n, it 1 next of all they find a rise in the tin i in that p KI Lion' 'The Lion Has L. use of the Opposition was a, spoilage, and a repulse his Goggan find them, here) We, must attribute our pipes, in position to Hu, 1 put it at last and the 110 000 000 loin th, Li side of the Opium hon not only light in a fund lix, but a properly lix s,, s W (Hill I I Til ' so He would (part from 'Huns and" to sion that the hon North near s mon' li mu man opposing He. wee thing he a li one. of 'the lad menu at a tax was brought forward But we will! run li (but pi !.. Isof tin p. oph of Brisbane it was opposed Hi. no us to, it the working man must not' hit him Ind The mu kin . run and out of this the ran S W GRIFFITH What I did I propose in 1887 ' H,i])iop)S, Ireland lux, uni apologised for only having two teams to think. over it The reason Hu bon North as a rule 1 him to forget the past was that he did not want it take know n lion that her aunt t > unless with the, same as all, i to, North BH him, It was no murder her. 1 them tnfi.i/itthi put pleased Him to for go I Uni in and around the 11 in Sir Thomas M Uni v iii into An Vest, i Ministry s" S W Gull I II II Hut s quill inn I t harms!, U,, hm ," ml, , u of " is not the, It. would astonish Ib i i I in all for it has Inn, in Utunplul t ) p i, i'" him He sunni an ml i for still in,!, m. I I to 4 a lb tin on, me pull at his s," |, ," J" H. |", |,"I Inulto t womanly til li Jun , all, men from the charge, against him in a man out to, the rails but I , you in your li li II It, pies, ham "Hills in his,,, plea" Uv b 1,1, in the km "1 j,, ted to the pi pull Ixl it would you, h th,,, on a pot I , t But I am no i of a hint v me as, is mild Lo liff, ( t. t i in I I, by Hu to assist me I limits, in fail me I, i In , rains " born at man in similar d. what the , "i t " , to,, . I mi out of a in. and about a |||, ,,, In a I Ile again I I III .!.' trial i in, it but it would be argued Hun, I . 11 " the um part of Crown land It but ml bail in the list Vl of I SSI Hi i I met n i m, I " and here it all H i' h" d I in the A the tin. land ' bill to limit a fine inn i h. n, li. an)- end in 'June will! put I, strained h nth (I back the bind him but I had "lit b mi Hu Gas of music at the place they had paid for it (Hear, him ) He was also in favour of abolish mg the system of payment of members He thought that too much money was being spent in connection with the Defence Force, but it would be mildness to do away with the Defence red to in face of the men in, an towards Australian Adamson (Hear, him) He regretted that increased taxation was no vessels, but as it could not be molded be would solo for He proposals of Hit! Gos a man in relaunched be les cd a property tax ss is Uto fullest tax that could be imposed (Heal, beat An SALKELD said that the Government had pi amused at the last general election that no flesh t taxation should be imposed upon the people but as soon as they took office they increased the Customs duties, and during the last two years they had done nothing tosuudsin« cling the delicate 'liT Government had no right to propose a pro- perty tax without first appealing to the people of the colony (Hearhear ) He was in favour of increasing the duty on beer and spirits, also of a tax upon the unimproved sale of land. He contended that the profits tax would drive capital out if the colony He was in fits or of retrench meat is it means of placing the finances of the colony in a satisfactory ] position (Hear, hear An S AYERS said that he opposed the property tax been wise it would bear most heavily upon the soil ing in- t connected with the mining industry Sir THOMAS M'ILWRAITH said that basing loud sob it was stated during the debate, he must say something be stay of explanation He did not think that it more Bills debate had been heard in the House. The subject had now being thrashed out, and members had made up their minds how to act boring things had been said about himself Unit necessitated from him an explanation 'The Colonial Seen they had stated in the House that he left the Ministry in a trip He was attacked when he had not the opportunity of making reply He did not lease the Ministry in n t area There was a political influence in the Cabinet that was not good for the sunny Mount Moigiiiusm was dominant in the Cabinet as circumstances and subservient events had passed When the session was over and when bowns hundreds of miles away in another colony, one of the AhitiRters took advantage of his absence and held a meeting at Rockhampton, at which he denounced him in strong as sin es That was Mount Moignnistn The Ministry sat in their seats, and nos or said a word in his defence and that also weighed with him in resigning he had been asked by some members of the party to call a no sting and address them on the points that induced him to least! their That appeared to be reasonable enough they wished him to lesiiinotho leadership but he was not fit to do anything of Hu soft under the eacumstanct s He know he was unfit to lead the parts es on till the end of the session Therefore, he did not call than together They then came to him and asked him shuttles were to do He told them to stand by Ultu jetty Hint was the advice he gave the in He had seen it stated our and os el again in Uto pajiorstlmt when he had left the Alintstiy arrangements with ninth between him self and Sir S W Griffith to go together The hon member was there and he could speak for himself There was not a word of the hills in the statement that no gnttations then took place between him and Sir S W Griffith He 12 ft the Altar by only what they were so unmanly as not to di find him in his absence, and si ho were so universally as to in Bulgo in such vituperations as he) had done He, had notice more to say to the jim ty He had acted for ally to thou but he opposed them now because Hits had "no light in the tie th of Hit pledges he had made for than at the guest cheap With reference to Hit to think of Mr St( season concerning the Maouhstir Alinihtty, Sir Thomas said he left Uto Ahnistiy simply because he was insult, d by the then late mur Sir S W Griffith had then only been for caught a member of the Cabinet us therefore dependence would show 'Hu other mines to which Mr Stevenson had scored would have been tutti i left alone He might have thought it would have had the effect of estimating them But he (Sir Thomas) had been too long in politics to keep up grudges in terror fifteen y em s He owed a great deal more to the interests of the country than to do that He could forgive treacheries opened the part of friends if he found they could work, together for the good of the engine) He thought that the mention of Our mutteicniuewiUil.lv bad taste from the hon mein! n With ii paid to the amendment before the House he intended to vote for it. He could do nothing else after the spe < club she had made heroism time sits nothing to justify him 'The proposals of Um 'licenses were not only unsnhsfactoi! to himself but to moulin is me the side of the House as he Penny flinn Ultu speeches If, there fore, the vote' was against the hills moment it lines from some other came to land than in the sales of the substantial proposal itself It had been said that he had to bow down to the" people of Bush an btciiisC'tlit tax as proposed would touch the ii poet is He is pulled the occur sitions unworthy He had come to the IJIIIIP natural His line! tax and at the general (election and the It idea of the Opposition proper d a land and property tax, he would have conducting d such a tax as much as he had the land tax inst If He had been misrepresents d when he had been cents d of a tree, 11 to fill up the (Illicit by Customs (lulu s It is not He proving a of the disposal p still as to range the alternative to the God turn or stop it It is time enough to fine form of a man in plan will 1 upon a time constitutional Sir No greater blow has been struck at local got himself in the will of Him by On a financial proceeds of the Government I), earn they would have the whole bird of our late has of the local bodies and line nothing for Un in to push upon in the future The proposal, WUP utterly opposed to the principle she had not less 1 at His gun with a lion Such important limit, m p op suits and I not be raised Huon h without correction ml enthusiasm, and In failed to find any such conviction of enthusiasm on the part of the Cow line, in support is one of the people He went on tongue that is they could be e got I ruts to agree to the amendment of the last Land Act that I would not be filled, position the ! war. in Hint was not done in less b lists Hu he was no hint and he. has a strong; 1 i li of the suppliers in that side of the man, did not want to so, Ihn Vit idea 1 Alias the lists No , Hit othe s It of (the lines He has not been a is sun, let me at the suit of the House He insisted that in the mists of the colony till Lind VII of 1881 slum!,! be absent and In a bend and submit it at low nue could be out mud time till fund I ) tub the colony our its present difficulty, is Mr Miiunssiin but said that the party on nothing to burn Sir 1 Al warmth) and that He could but ninth him rather than that it be had at all He put! it, could not see hon the pad and his male is no time in a tin no 1 In His him let in aid! of Hum He did not undertake to 1 Ah Aim iss m who is not such a start me in Mr AlVlHOssVN ' it in till! in what ! man of l" I am Incline If Ah Alacii in a mild sh n him but his said 1. 1st . Hi p Uv in -mi pulp play in a bill to , is to be a it beaches I Ah P ArisON said heat 'vital link in ss i, runs in for him also to make an explanation His father had been missed in d with Mount Alma gin and it bad but said he so 'I loan is AI'Ilsu ith that he had resulted in great millions in the harbour shall be assisted t) (continues Sir Thomas At Hw nth lift the Calmil t our the i.OCHllwhi.h Uns against disposal of the nee tion of the death of 1! Misses M ition-lit u, hull) \- nor foe in the u issue But ss is (he runs in. silver upon clue to the Citbitid son < divide 1 in Hindi ensue upon it it proposed did not beat his music, s attache who was Thomas XI Ilwraith has He ( real war 'bonus had still d Hut He it is while left the (ball was even. train systems which he (Al, IMtison) ever I ed the ss MI I' A] ILL it And I'll 21 so made such a st di mud for mails se u she n id Ma '1 bonus At its title find bail on terms of the closest minutes he in the (Ali Pattison) was con sign. I lost the use of the puts in I have lit t ii distil. it, out in that capacity In but spend a large inn unit' of time and mon. s He had done good s, sun for the parts in the west and it would I use them good custom alias Minnie is Sir 'I li mi is Al'Ilwiulh felt That Um intimated in M list Morgan isis honouring too great the C in I in times in as is his, duty to say so and In ss mind him distance from di me II. Tim inn tin,., of tin ( that I first Mr I Dunn H M How much, could not' truthfully min. stn I, in turn no one had hit up behind He million, of Mount Act are to be II upon the, ( planes in the hardest nunn, i (Ibu, li. and out members ..(Hu ( admit it Isis line h ha huts in Ahum! Morgan but It, gave n d a mile that this in his name, I of the, (main ntwueunlu he. claims he had b in imminent (line, in the ) II had Hsu In night I m!,,,,,,, p" a n ii,, in finish as I ill it lit . utilises his 1 still help 1, t, m, out of him until that date Sir 'I bore no M Uwi, rib all n b. st ill that he (Ah l'utlisoiilhiiil htiHighl In Hilluuiiotob, u upon the land I, ,,|"i falls Ali M It it, has done an article to Innis, 11, iiiiliiltlinii.il it was inipiibiiuiuittiis he would say that line st dam, at ss is still Ait Almo his was inst mile- the blue it obligation to him in miss 11 mi m hints not say uns iiienibusof Hu I in it made us go if she returns to him Mr M Thomas Miss mit himself ibu T. M'ILWRAITH "I was never under any obliga- tion to you in my life" In Rockhampton be told the members for the Central districts that he could not follow Sir Thomas M'Ilwraith any longer, because he had treated him man unfair summer, His admittances of which he had explained at a banquet held at that p! ice He was prepared to stand by improve um Hung he said on Unit occasion. He did not wish to go into private matters or he could slion 111 it So whom is M IlivuuUi was under obliges as to him [Sir 1 M'ILWRAITH "Coon tell all you can rum not of us to bear in j Well then bulging Sir Thomas M In faith it cheque for £17 000 [Sir T M'ILWRAITH "Good God! Behind yourself like an honest man ' ] He had been forced to go into private matters, and now he would have the facts in connection with the matter objected to and published, and the country could then see whether bowns misstating facts 01 li it. He would meet Sir Thomas At Um nth at any time and discuss the question, and 'in j could see if his words were not sub truthfully comet if his statement was not collect the 11 he would walk out of the House and then enter it again Speaking of the property tax he said it was a fun and equitable means of raising revenue, and so far as he was concerned be some! time to pay out of Mount Morgan about £1000 a j ear if the tax was imposed He regretted that he had been obliged tomato snell disclosures, but he had no alternative con during the statements That Sir Thomas M'Il wraith find made concur ning himself (Hear hear ) Sir T M'ILWRAITH said That either as a private individual or as a representative of the people of North Brisbane 111 the House he had not the slightest objection to Ali Pittison pub during all the papers and correspondence in the matter referred to Mr PHILP said that he would bail no object tion to supporting a fan property tax, but the proposal of the Government was not a fair one, and he could not fully supported He believed in selling a portion of the public estate to raise revenue He would vote for the Government has over 1 and reserve the right to oppose the tax when the bill came into committee Air AGNEW said that he was not 111 far one of a property tax, but he did not think it would be wise to put the Opposition 111 post becatis Sir S W Griffith would busy 111 in uni tax which he also objected to He would vote for the Gow in ment and give his reasons for objecting to the property tax in committee Mr P VUL argued in favour of a property tax as the fullest means of 1 using revenue Mr O'CONNELL said he would have to vote against the proposals of the Government If they once imposed the property tax, it would 1 i c i hard to get it off Mr MURRAY said he would have to love against the proposals The German not but said that they must 1 once) faith with the divisional boards, but he would like to know how they were going to do that? In older 111 it they should be. p faith with the ci ed to s of the colony at last they proposed to len a tax that would put money into the it usury He then lit it would be better to allow thebomdsto tax them Relics The out p of our present h outdo his lavish expenditure 111 seen direction He was 111 far one of an absentee tax or an income tax Mr LISSNER regretted that Sir Thomas APR with find life Um ranks of the party He, however would not h in the party whatever the consequence might be It was very little to tax people as proposed by the Government but they are obliged to get money! He believed the Government would be defeated but he would go with him wherever they went They had the 110 hurling p did at his against them and it must be neknoiiIeLcd time, with Sir Thomas At 11 21 miles and Sir S W (which is split and hit Lionel, and Hu twopenny circle of Brisbane, tin Colour as joker opposed to them they had a very bad! fight If, it 1 the division Sir I homes At tinsmith 01 Sir S W Griffith proposal n s li me of taxation that would be accept able to the colony, he would vote for it, but he would at present said to the Government At ten minutes- to 12 the House divided with the following 11 First - Against the Amendment Mot instead Alnciossun Black IVmnldson N'ehon Port IS slip Mr J. M july Dunning Stes ellson C Ellis Crombie It It Innes ( furnished falling off North Tot the Amendment Sir S W Griffith Sir I' Mllwiiuth Amu in Alli is Ruth d 'o Hodgkin son Perkins Aland Groom 1 nation Baile s sailed Unniiiek Hyne To/or M'AIuster Mellow Buckland AV Stes i na AV atson Cot field O Connell Alunas A'. Sim the Alncfaiiuue M of gmt Sal e s An I'mblo Gi lines G Hussey "J Salkeld Hi ike R H Smith Yet it, IT battens I Mr (T H Jones Hamilton (owl, Tin i (. turned 1 1 iStorous Ltsstia Hilismp'e l'Uni, r Philp Miss M i s not 1'lttlsOll fund 0 Selby's Total, 75 The result was receive I with cheers from both sides of His) House The House then went into ( committee of Ways and Alt nts but immediately nftuwmdstli» (han nulli left the chair, and no piece ss was in port d, It is hung on inn 1 to sit all on the following day Air«s«s\\(,r FROM THE COUNCIL This ITA M 1! reput. 1 that he had a, served a message from the li 'island ( found stating that the L mind h t i concurred in the side tion ('ouse ration 12 solutions of lîsON Ah EXPLAIN AITON Ah let IlIvlNs said he had a person in even a tentative his constituents had little to him a hit i instructing him t ) soon with the Gospel in. it, but he i. In, I to t k. Hun in the lions lim sPI Vril said he did not think He mitta e and his vided is a person in t Aphis I an AlAtOUllNAirNT On the motion of Ah TOUCHE AD the House adjourned at midnight until the usual hour to day In addition to the nomination already published for the Rose Inn States the secretary of Sydney Latter ill s Club received the enliven Georgiana In these days of mc Theism ml hypnotism some nice fat (indicates to a time But at last the tremendous tak- his been accomplished of harmonising when and milking her hatch out of her proper sent on a blood of dead end in protection is de used by AL ] [ Chnphn of 21 Princes Garden ten he I once i in a letter to His sp Mr in thee mise of which beans - Some choice e s I can" see in the form hatching pmpo o, (having no heart Unit time bloods and no incubator) I determined to get one of my lions on the st ers and 1 cup be there by the force of mesmeric power The eggs were not his when I received them, and to keep than with the uncertain hope of a lion in coming blood. might have been fatal to the hatching I therefore went against mining and six has then upon these eggs she was in full be at the time and remained so throughout the time necks that she was sitting hang according to be won, two out of three days May king the eggs I set him upon Ah Chnphn continues Innsnble to know mild weather iss the eggs she kept his mg The list tins I pi iced beer on the eggs it took me half a horn to bring him into a hypnotic condition but each successive day after basing roused her to drink and eat I was able to soothe the sorrows placidity man fell loss have also then visit days for which I can give no hat on when I had to go to the more than once in the cells she sang in a restless excited state lying in, it at the nest The result has been much to my own astonishment That four out of ses on of these eggs lines of hatched and the healthy happy little duel ens At an lit I em still millions then another to his material with a letter the day time she has no notice of them in One of the Danish Indies cactus is about to start n Russian tug establishment and show room for a national chess both in Tel garments and gowns and for that lion n well as for women Before deadly upon Him, in mo0 ment the society as at the c pun in of some forty doctors as to the choral his (just lion, of whom the majority gave their opinion in favour of the" men most 