[?] 'Short, Sharp, Shiny.* Santley next week. A presage of winter. Influenza at Terovie. An imaginative lunatio Ie finer) za etill prevalent. Infiuecza still prevalent. Bizzv ia Baiatr to Erurland. Bourke refugees returning. H.MS. Opal has departed. Further Armenian atrocities. That will case at last settled. Another fire in New Zealand. Inoculation useless in leprosy. A mile sculled in 6 min, 6 sea. Small fire on Wiilowie station. Russia plotting in Afghanistan. A Sydney shepherd goue wroug. Tailors' strike in London ended. Major Panitza bas besn tortured. Stanley going on a hazardous trip. Sympathy with Sir Henry Parked. Shaik 10 feet long snot at Gleuelg. A religious maniac running amuck. A.M.P. buaineBB steadily increasing. Emm PaBaa's carriers deserted him. Kemp champion sculler of Australia. Sir Henry Parkes has broken his leg. Russia is now excluding the Chinese. Marvellous Melbourne to be enlarged. You need never be afraid of the truth Fire feast at Cootamundra coat £7,000 Kemp's first mile the fastest on reoord. Fit zaimmons offers to fight ' America.' Abbey Holm wrecked off Pouth Shields. Napoleon George Gordon finds qaattera, Wharf labor trouble brewing in Sydney. Two men drowned in New South Wales. Gilbert & Sullivan have split partnership. McLean proved himself a first-class man. Bogus reporters boycotted at Broken Hill. May 26 a public holiday in lien of May 24. Victorians pleased with the Sewage Farm. Zulu ia top weight for tbe A.R O. Steeple. Obituary— Mrs. Walter Dnffield, of Gawler. More working men's blocks in West Torreas. Accumulated fundsol theA.M.P. £8,911,622. Ash and Handyaide looking up the Minis tors. Furner and Grainger have changed positions. General Boulanger has retired into private life, Norwoods defeated their old rivals on Satur day. The Rev, J, H, Simmonds goes to Hew Zsa land. Commercial Wharf Company pays a 4?. di?i deed, Arrerica will not have the Chinese at aar price. Mining Commission visits Moonta next week, Moltke advocates increasing the Garmaa army. British Block smelting return, 11,321 oz of silver. The Premier is a temperance advocate in all thicge. St, John's Convent at Port Pirie has bssa opened. Major Serpa Pinto reoeived an ovation at Madrid. That lunatic wculd make a good eens&tioaaA; novelist. Savings Bank lends money on freehold at 5 per cent. Will the Alma dividend stimulate goli mining ? Australians beat Oxford by an inaittga aul 61 JUDB. The eight hours system promised in Kaw Zealand. A dividend to shareholders in the Alaia and Victoria. The Shearers' Ward at tha Children':! Hospital. Another political charlatan has sunk iato obscurity. The Rev. Charles Clarke ia coming to Adelaide. Lyons top Bcorer in both inning3 against War wickshire. Bbhricg Bea fishery dispute settled by diplomacy. German East African Company have rnad 3 a heavy Ioes. Investors in that big gamble will gat thair money back. Jamaica haB decided to have an Exhibition in January. Tbe flood at Boutke has co&t; one squattar 10.000 sheep. New bunny Bill for New South Wales ia preparation. Had that lunatic been reading Rider Hag gard's novels? Sir Charles aud Lady Halle' ware welcomed to Melbourne. . Dr. O'Oonnell keepB that fortune minus tha lawyers' coats. French Parliament looking after the interests of its workers. Lord Wolseley likely to be Commander ia Coiet in India. Mr. W. R Gethirjg abandons the blaa tohi for the pill box. A scandal in the New South Wales Presby terian Church. Glenelg Railway Company payiag 19 par cent, dividends. Members for Albert looking after the wants of their district. Rope factory in Sydney burn9d djwa. Damage £10,000. Miss Gulielma Hack doing we!l at tha Royal College of MuBic, Absentee tax defeated in the New South Wales Assembly. Kemp beat McLean for the rowing champion ship of the wotld. Salisbury Government charged with track ling to Germany. Queensland has had a successful trial of refrigerating cars. l Mr. H. M. Stanley going to marry Miaa Dorothy Tennant. Thirty-nice pigs smothered in a trttok on a Victorian railway. Mr. R. Darling has been banqueted by hid Mundoora friends. Imperfect railway signals responsible for that collision at Farley, A SO cz.' nugget of geld found at Ashburtou in West Australia. Port echool children collected £6 Is, 6i. for Bourke flood fund. Mr. Parnell is again attending the House of Commons regularly. Good discovery reported in the Qusea Baa mine, near Mingary. Strychnine and sandal wood leaves doing far buDny in the north. Victorian visitors to Mildura astonished at the progress made. Indebtedness of the British Broken Hill doea not exceed £16,000. United Insurance Company has began business in Adelaide. Stated that £60,000 waa contributed to tha evicted tenants' fund. Mr. W. S. Comans thrown out of a bagzy in Sydney and killed. Sparks and JameB, of Melbourne, have settled their disputes. Mr. T. K. Pater hold i a Circuit Cmrt at Palmenton on July 2, A man named John Wilkinson leaped 80 feet down a cliff. He died. From 382 tons of ore from the Alma 311 oz. of gold were obtained, American workmen petitioning Czar about the Siberian atrocities. The Prima.tg of Australia will probably be consecrated on June 11. Poor Commercial Bank shareholders must pay a call of £2 a share. Kemp will train Stansbury for his race with O'Connor, the American. South Australian Mutual Life A«anranoe Society to be wound up. Dean Marryat has left London on the re turn journey to Adelaide, A 1,600-ounce cake of gold from the Territoiy at the Mining Exhibition. Sydney still retains its supremacy— in tbe matter of the unemployed. Mr. Arthur Searoy haa been appointed sacra taty to the Marine Board, A chapter of tragedy in New South Wales— two BuicideB and a murder. The Hon. F. W. Holder left Sydney yeatar day afternoon for Brisbane. Mrs. Campbell probably wishes by thia time tbat ehe had kept that £100. The Shah of Persia has added six new wives to bis household. Oh, Shah! Tbe Hon. J. L. Dow has resigned bis position in tbe Victorian Government. The pifitets of the S. Samaritan doing gooi educational work at Port Pirie. South Australian wines gained the honors at the New Zealand Exhibition. Mr. William Hoskins presented with a gold watch by bis fellow etu ployed, A £20,000 libel case in Melbourne, cou^'ed with a cross claim for £25 000. Australian Natives of Melbourne are eolaz to banquet 'Good old Toole.' Chamber of Commerce wants the postage on EnRlish letters reduced to 2|£ Gladstone admits that protection ia gaining ground as the nations advance. Sydney wharf laborers determined to secure recognition of their union rules. PastoralistB hare decided Co unte to protect themselves against the shearers. The New South Wales Railway Commis sioner going for the newspapers. Sir Charles Dilke says Australia is the safest pert of the empire. Quite right. A South Australian gold mine paying » dividend. Wonders never cease. Biehop O'Reilly unsparingly condemns tne educational system of the colony, . A little boy has been drowned in Sydney. Tbe mother suspected of murder. Wcsleyan Conference has oonaeaanea the sale of impure literature in Sydney, A great alteration is being effected in the codition of womankind in the world. Tbe Pope baa decorated the Sh*h ol Peraie for his kindness to Oatholio misiioas. While retnrnipff from a confirmation service in Austria S6 children were drowned, Newfoundlanders indignant at Imperial action in respect to the Fisheries Bill. O»Dttda f xpends about £250.000 a yew upoa » force for the defence of the country. Sawyer committed for trial for receiving banknotes knowing them to be stolen. _ More proseoationB in connection with the Melbourne Premier Banding Society. Terrible gunpowder explosion in Oaba. Already 34 bodies nave been recovered. Bntuh publicans who lose their liesnsBi through local option to be compensated. The Warwickshire Eleven could only raise 89 in two innings against the Australians. The London Standard arses the shareholders in the Bank of New Zealand to reorganise. Wealeyan General Oonferenoe has deotded that the class meeting test shall be upheld. The A.M.P. 8ooiety'« new policies for last Sear numbered 11,664. aaauring £3.679,459. A single woman at Rnahcnttere' Bay com mitted for trial for the murder of her child. After all it would have been better if Dr. O'ConneU had given Mn. Campbell £1,000. Two deaths from chloroform in tbe Prince Alfred Hospital, Sydney, within a few days. Stanley suggests the deportation of negroe from America to colonise tbe Congo Free State The manager of the Junction mine charge reporters 5a. for visitingthe underground work iOEB. Orient and P. & 0\. OompanieB refuse to alter the time of the departure of the mails from Ade laide. A gardener named Laidiaw suffocated through falling face downward in a paddle of ?end. 8aving in the 8ydney land boards ol £20.3 § without impairing the efficiency of the depart ment. General Owen thinks federation is essential to promote the tffisUnoy of the Australian forces. Shareholders in the British mine mean to secure effective representation on the direc torate. G. H, Raymond, the 'professor,' fined for onlawfully practicing as a doctor in Mel bourne. Judge Stone, of Western Australia, objects to Sir Henry Wrenf orduley being made Chief Justice. Of 200 children attending the convent school at Port Pirie over 150 are of non-Oatholio parents. Parnell has offered a seat in the British Houee of Commons to Mr. James Dalton, of Sydney. Sir A, Stephens'* Divorce Amendment Bill has passed the New South Walea Legislative Council. South Australian wines at the Dnnedin Exhi bition did better than those of the other colonies. The Pope has made it a dogma of tbe church that he shall be regarded as the temporal ruler of Borne. * The IndianB east and aouth of Oklahoma (U.S.) are said to be dying of influenza by the hundred, Melbourne Trades Hall Council wants the sentences on the Egeria prisoners to be remitted. A popular- and eloquent divine in Sydney who alwayB drew large congregations h&B; dis appeared. Gladstone deplores the decadence of free trade. He should rejoice as a well-wisher of humanity. How many thousand pounds did the pro moters of the Commercial Bank AaBetB Com pany drop 2 A 'Picturesque Atlas' agent threatened with a pistol, club, and garden- hoe for his persistence. Volunteer Wishart tried to shoot his wife while suffering from the effeots of liquor. She forgave him ' A sensational Melbourne newspaper caused a run on the South Melbourne branch of the Savings Bank, The essential point is that the will should re present the intentions of the testator— if itdoeB this, it is valid. The increased cost of wood and ivory is said to have increased by one-third the coat of English pianoB. In eighteen years the cost of a telegram to England has been reduced by the mere trine of Is. 4d. a word. Commercial Bank call payable in instalments; £1 to be paid on June 18, 10a. on July IS, and lOe. on August 18. The little ones will have a chance to see funny downs, good acrobats, and clever animals at Barmeton's circus. The Duke of Orleans by bis luxurious ways in prison has brought down on himself the sar catm of the critics. A bullock was killed in a field near Thurles recently by a meteorite. At the time the Bfcy pas perfectly clear. Newton, the solicitor connected with the Cleveland street scandal, has received six ?reeks' imprisonment. The Melbourne police are smart. A man who deserted his wife ten yean since has already been arrested. General Brackenbury, G.B., thinks it time that Australia ceased to be a milch oonrforgau makers and inventors. Feather boas are all the fashion this year. The prettiest are those made of white or of black cockB* feathers. Basleigb. Martin haB been committed for trial for libelling Railway Commissioner Eddy In the Tamworth Times The Economist says the Australian banks pay the highest dividends deolared by euch institutions in the world. Victoria unfurled the flag of protection when that flag was a by- word and a reproach amongst many of their neighbors. Mr, Justice Bouoaut considers there can be no further paltering with the demand of the Commercial Bank creditors. :. The Emperor William of Germany has warned the nations not to do anything to disturb the peace of Europe. Who pledged South Australia to bear its proportion of tbe initial expense in connection with the Imperial Institute ? The caveator in the Berry will oase has been defeated, but the residuary legatee will not insist on hiB paying the coats. Mr. J. HowelL the sovernor of the Adelaide Gaol, has applied for six months' leave of ftbftnoe after 34 years' service. Beer bottled in 1798 by an English firm was recently opened in a London reBtaurant and pronounced Bound and hearty. Dr. O'Reilly, the Roman Oatholio Bishop of Fort Augusta, denieB that the present public echool system is a national one. On many occasions the initiative has been taken by South Australia when necessity has arisen for joint colonial action. The colony was pledged to an outlay in con nection with the Imperial Institute before the present Government took office. Probable that the Hone. J. Colton, Dr. Cockburn, and T. Playford will be offered E.O.M.G. ships on the birthday. Adolphus Bollin, who tried to enter a moving trainat Footscray, near Melbourne, died before be could be taken to the hospital. ? 'If the Oornishmen of South Australia are proud of their native county the county ban good reason to be proud of them.' Mrs. Susa Young Gates, daughter of Brig bam Young, is the editor of a new young ladies' magazine at Salt Lake City. In Florida Mormon missionaries were driven into the Bwamps and allowed to perish, and their female converts were flogged. This colony haB no reason to be ashamed of the part it has hitherto played in shaping Aus tralian policy on national questions. Evans, late of Adelaide, won the prize at the billiard tournament in Melbourne. Lindrum, another Adelaide man, was second. An alliance between France aud Russia BuggeBted on the grounds of the common hatred the two countries nave for England. Mn. Wishart forgives her husband for shoot ing her while he was mad with drink, and refuses to give evidence against him, That the reduction of the postage by the - Brindisi route from 6d. to 2£d. would be a boon to colonists is hardly open to debate. Conrad Retslaff, while standing at the Princess-bridge station in Melbourne, was Attacked and murdered by a maniac. It ib stated that General Lord Wokeley is to take over the command of the forces ia Ireland from Prince Edward of Saxe- Weimar. It is understood that the Louisiana State lottery makes a profit of about £1,000,000 a month, California loses in proportion, Mr. L. L. Furner has been appointed secre tary to the Mining Commission vice Grainger, promoted to be the member for Wallaroo. Reported that the passengers and crew of the Eliza Mary, which was wrecked on one of the New Hebrides, have been eaten by the natives. The Imperial Government have succeeded in fiarrying the second reading of their great remedial measure for the grievances of the Irish tenantry. Northern Land Board travelled 1,500 miles, fixed prices on 32,500 acres of land, and allotted about half a million acres in three months, A good record. Charles Clement Whitney, chief lieutenant of Sohweinfcrth, of Illinois, who claims to be Christ, is creating great excitement in South Minneapolis. The distress from famine in Borne districts of China reached such a point that girl babies were taken in baskets and carried around the Cities for sale. Madame Pommery, who owned one of the most famoni brands of champagne, recently died in Bbeims. Her private fortune is esti mated at £400,000. m The richest man in Germany, according to recently-published statistics, is Here Krupp, of SSssen, whose income for the current year Amounts to £379,000. . - A German in St. Low, who, on a wager of half a dollar, drank a beer glass of gin and seven glasses of whisky* in leu than an hour was found dead in bed. ..... A nursegirl in St. Lotus has developed an original torn of mind by stealing the baby she had in charge and holding it in pawn foe wages alleged to be due to her. . . , An English literary man who has a taste for the odd and fanciful has discovered that of 562 heroines of last year'* novels 372 were blondes «nd only 190 brunettes. James McEvoy and Henry G. Hunter, who accussed a man named Patterson of larceny of a pony in Melbourne, have been sent to gaol for six months for conspiracy. A remarkable oase of reputed longevity is announced from Stanislaus, California, An Indian there has just died who u deolared to have reached the age of 150. There were 300 immigrants on the Daooa when her bows were stove in, but although the water on the reef was up to tbe waists of the passengers, only one life was lost. It is reported from St. Petersburg that the Busuan physician, Dr. Bapohinski, announces that be has discovered that diphtheria is easily curable by inoculation of erysipelas. ' Port Pirie is blessed with far more than an average share of that prosperity whioh belongs to those northern districts of the provinoe of South Australia.' — Bishop O'Reilly (loq). - By the time that Australia as a whole is ready for federation there can be little doubt that South Australia will be prepared for its natural corollary— intercolonial free-trade. Near-sightedness is overrunning the French people as much as the Germans. Among the senior boys in the different French colleges more thanlforty-Bix per cent, are near-sighted. ThefBev. Andrew Gardiner, who paid more attention to lady members of biB congregation than was wise for a married man and olenry man, waB threatened with an action for divorce aid left. . _, Australian concert is almost always required to deal effectively with proposals or demands emanating from tbe Imperial Government in connection with colonial postal or telegraphic affairs. Tbe New York State Court of Appeal, to which was referred tbe caee of Kemmler, who was condemned to death by electricity, has affirmed the constitutionality of execution by electricity. There will be a general feeling of disappoint, ment in the colonies if the result of the Postal Conference fails to be an agreement to accept the scheme of the Imperial Chancellor of the Exchequer, ' There cannot be a doubt from the evidence that both Mrs. Young and MUs Murphy fully intended the exclusion of their cousin from benefit and the inheritance of their property by tbe.O'ConnellB.' To South Australia is due tbe credit not merely of bringing the colonies together to consider the danger from Chinese immigration, but in suggesting the measures that were ulti mately adopted. A burglar at Oincinatti, who remained curled up under a bed for hours waiting an oppor tunity to rob the house, waB obliged to sneeze. when he was discovered, pulled out, and handed over to the police. VictorianB can point with pardonable pride to the fact that they are doing everything in their power to develop the resources of their colony in all directions where there ib a pos sibility of success. The new Danish Bubmarine boat has proved a great suooees. The crew of two men has sus tained life under water for several hours with out inconvenience, an additional Bupply of oxygen being carried. . . In 1883 tbe full strength of the British VolunteerB was 226,469, of whioh only 6,345 were non efficient. In 1SS9 tha number of enrolled volunteers had fallen to 221.021—8 loss of more than 2,460 men. A sensation has been caused in Berlin by the death of; one of the 'EmpresBjVictoria' Sisters of Charity. The young woman, who waB singularly beautiful, was found dead in bed, and foul play uwupected. . A new phonograph, simplified from Edison s model by a painter named FoBB&ti;, is men tioned in the Milan papers, It is described as a simple apparatus, taking up little room, and costing lees than 100 franca. An entire family of six persons were wiped out of existence near Kingston, New York. Four children were skating and went through tbe ice, and the parents, who attempted a rescue, were also drowned. ..... The Dnblin Express stateB that 14 bullocks, the property of Mies Minnie Foster, of Nim roe, were found with portions of their tails cut off. The animals were on a farm from which a former tenant had been evicted. There were no fewer than 75 suicides (53 men, 12 women, 7 girls between 16 and 18, and S children under 10) at Berlin during the month of January— being the largest number ever recorded there in a single month. Consultative meetings of colonial Ministers and headB of departments, frequent as they have been in the put, ate oertain to become even more bo In the future unleaB their necessity is obviated by political federation. Professor Poe, of Bridgeport, Cfc, has drowned and resuBciated a pet rabbit 11 times, and suffocated it aleo with the fumes of burn ing charcoal and restored it to life. The pro f esBor ubbb a pair of artificial lungs. The astronomers at the Paris Observatory are in trouble over the projected building of a rail road near their establishment. They say that the earth tremblings caused by passing trains will make their observations useless. \- Wyoming Territory is one oftha few places where women have a direct inflaenoe upon legislation, and Wyoming proposes to put on bachelors who have reached the age of 35 years a special tax of 2 doL 50 cents per annum. There is a certain rich pawnbroker who is very close-fisted with regard to his wife's pin money. Recently a lady, closely veiled and evidently anxious not to be recognised, visited his establishment and pledged her diamonds with him for a large sum. It waB hia wife ! Sixty-two persons) some of them men of influence, were changed in Galicia with ex totting money from peasants and others by inducing them to emigrate. The trial lasted three months, and 31 have been found guilty. M. Tomitoh, the Neusatz editor, who recently killed a rival journaliBt and fellow Servian of the same town, was sentenced to penal servitude for life. The cause of the crime was an insult said to be offered to M, Tomitch's wife. AtFoochow the mortality from diphtheria is very high. The disease is said to be of an unusually virulent character. It is also raging badly at Wuchang, whole families being strioken down, and there is hardly anyone to nurse the sick. Last year there were received in New York 5.747.E58 oanB of milk. As each was a 40-gallon can New York received more than 200,000,000 gallons of milk, in addition to 4,400,000 gallons of cieam and a large quantity of condensed milk. At the meeting of the London Sohool Board the resignations of 18 managers of sohools were announced, because tbe board had deprived them of the right of nominating head teachers. The resignations were accepted with expres sions of regret. Any irflaence brought to bear upon an in valid to induce him to alter his own intentions as to the destination of his property after death, if the patient succumbs to it for the sake of peace and quietness, amounts to coercion in testamentary law. For our own part we feel that titles are exoticB in the free democratic atmosphere of an English colony, and if the practice of conferring them on colonial statesmen and Speakers were quietly abandoned we could still feel that life was worth living. A book canvasser in Boston, U.S.A,. named Blake, has received notification that he is the sole heir to the estate of the late Sir Henry Blake, of Norfolk, England, and that over half a million sterling is at his disposal, Sir Henry died in 1876. The bequest of Mies Murphy's property to Dr. O'Oonnell was clearly dictated by a senti ment of gratitude for kindness received, and a feeling that in thus disposing of the estate she was expressing the last intentions of the sister who predeceased her. A pair of Toulouse lads have invented a new game, which will cost them three months each in prison. The game consisted in har nessing one of their comrades to a pair of lively cows and leaving him there until he was dragged and lacked to death. The officers of tbe 23rd Royal Welsh Fusiliers intend to get up a subscription amongst the men of the regiment for James Davey, the last rank and file survivor of Waterloo, who is now to be Been at the panorama of the battle in Ashley-place. There occurred in an Ebbcx parish church recently a peculiar incident. The rector was about to commence his evening sermon when he discovered that he bad brought his morning sermon with him and candidly announced the fact. He then went to the rectory and obtained the sermon he required. During tbe last session of the Victorian Par liament a vote of £233,000 was granted to pro mote the agricultural, dairy, fruit, and wiae industries; and this vote has recently been ap propriated under various subdivisions, and is now open to be claimed by thoBe who comply with the conditions imposed. The growth of the nails on the left hand requires eight to ten days more than those on tbe right. The growth is more rapid in children than in adults, and goes on faster in rammer than in winter. It requires an average of 132 days for the renewal of the nails in cold weather, and but 116 in warm weather. An English captain named Carry was sen tenced in the Boulogne Police Court recently to one month's imprisonment and 1,500 francs damages for wilfully assaulting and wounding a French boatman, upon whom he fired a revolver. Tbe captain, it seems, was pro voked by the boatman's abuse in the presence of bis crew. ?'.The least suspicion that Miss Murphy 'a resi dence in the house of Dr. O'Oonnell enabled the defendant to work upon her feelings for his own personal interest was averted by the evi dence adduced that the testatrix, in the fall possession of her mental powers, chose him deliberately as her heir, ana with the full knowledge of the claim of the plaintiff founded on her relationship.' A marble statue of tbe Italian patriot Mario Fsgano, executed by Acbille d'OrsL of Naples, for the Commune of Brienza, was standing ready in the workshop packed up to be eent to Brier za, when some boys in the stop kindled some wood to make a fire to warm themselves. Tbty left the workshop without extinguishing the fire, and the flames spread to the sawdust laid for the statue to slide on when removed, and in a short time tbeficure, all but the head, was completely ruined. Tbe statue weighed five tons, and wai valued at 15.000 francs. 