THE WEEK. The break upon Ike drought comflMidfid on Monday. From reports to band the jSainte.ll appears to -have been general. In no instance has the downfall, been heavy, the rain just craning fast enough to be absorbed by the -eoii. Up to the time of writing theweather -continues cool aadehoweryy so that there is likely to be a good deal more rain before the weather clears , up again . The pastures will be everywhere im mensely benefitted by the change and as we will have more warm weather in a week or two, there is certain to be a rapid rush of green grass shortly. Uuless where over stocked, there wiU be plenty of grass for the winter; The farmers can now push on with ploughing. Up to the present the ground has been too bard to maxe much progress with . this work, bat no time should now be lost in making preparations for . the ingetting of the seed, as the season— by Ibis time plough ing will be completed — will be getting pretty late, unless the plough is kept constantly going. Although the grouudhas been well saturated up to the time of writing, the water bad not corn- menoedto tun on the surface, so that so far the tanks and dams have not gamed anything by ihedowttfall, but it is to be hoped that sufficient rain will fall before this week terminates to put all fears of scarcity of water at an end. The poisoningof rabbits by means of phosphorised grain wm now have to ' be suspended, as it it useless to expect that the rodents will take the grain while plenty of green and succulent herbage. is available. Poisoned apples and that new specific, poisoned jam, however, can be used, it being claimed that the rabbits will take these baste all the yearrotmd. The digging out of the burrows is what the luspectore will also have to insist' upon, for if these harbours are destroyed, not so much difficulty will there be experienced iu getting rid of the rodente. The first quarter of this year stands as being remarkable for the . heaviness of its rainfall in New South "Wales, The showers which were not expected until February came wittt great force ; in the middle of January, and since that time, in all parts of the colony except some strips of. the southern country, of which Young, Wagga Wagga, Albury, Balranald, Hay, Deniliquin, Quean- ' beyan, Cooma, Bombala, Cudjellico, Went- worth, Mount Browne, Hillston, and Broken Bill axe centres, the land has been regularly saturated by rains, which, although not phenomenal in quantity, has been quite heavy enough to do much damage. The localities which have registered the highest figures of inches received are — Wollongong 28, Sydney 28, Port Macquarie 38, Narrabri 21, Iismore 33, Grafton 35, Casino 35, Bowral 24, and Maitland23. The north- western country, Moree and Walgett, show for the quarter what is an average year's fall. As a contrast to these there are — W entworth 1, Queanbyeaa 3, Murrumburrah 4, Hay leas than lin., Euston only I in., Balranald about lin. It may he said that all the coast districts are suffering from an excess of moisture, and in the north there aTe great floods which may work much destruction of property. The county Cumberland has received more rain than was beneficial to the fruits. Windsor and Richmond are flooded. The city and suburbs have been in a 6loppy condition for many weeks. The grape cops of the Hunter Valley and the districts near the metropolis have been to a great extent spoiled, and the yield of wine this year must be very light. The farmers cannot plough, and in the damp districts ordinary farm work is hindered. At Grafton the lower portions of the town are submerged, and at ELempaey fears are felt that the river banks will give way. At Smithtown, on the Manning, some painf ul scenes are tak ing place, and settlers are deserting their home steads. When the main roads are in some instances 7ft. under water, when townships in all directions are unapproachable "by reason of the floods which surround them for miles, when families seek refuge in boats from their dwell ings, matters may well be said to have arrived at a most seriously critical stage. Communica tion by land and by sea has been cut off in more than one instance, "and from Moree the extra ordinary intelligence comes that some apphre- hension is felt as to a sufficiency of provisions in the town to feed the inhabitants. It is feared also that a fatality has occurred ot Taree. An other life lost, that of well-to-do fanner, is to be added to the loss of life already reported near Casino. It should, however, be said that, consider ing the extent of the floods, the sudden breaking over banks of rivers, and the rushing of great volumes of water with a resistless force through the towns, as in the case of Kempsey and one or two other places, the sacrifice of lire has, so far, been lees than might have been expected, At Coraki it is the biggest flood on record, and at other places such floods have not been seen for many years past. Crops on all level lands are buried, and property right and left Borely destroyed. Last week Grafton was all under water. The riVer was the highest on record, and was rising. The water was within 6in. of the floor of the post-office. The railway lines were blocked in many places, the washaways in some instances being very great. In one cause, close to Mount Victoria, a train ran off the line, and caused the death of an engine-driver. In a report just issued, Mr. Inglis, the Consul at Copenhagen, who has already published an interesting report on dairy farms in Denmark, describes a new astern of State butter shows recently organised in that country by the director of the dairy section of the Danish Agricultural Department. The fault of the old shows was that they were not of much practical benefit in encouraging the production of first- class butter or in effectually tracing faults of manufacture to their source. The new plan has the support of a large number of dairies, dairy experts, and leading butter merchants, ail over the country. Its prin cipal features are : — £1) A continuous butter show at the expense of the State during several months in each year. (2) Here fresh samples of butter will be received every fourteen days, the judges' decision to be given on the butter as received and its condition at the end of fourteen days. Thus there will be two distinct testings, not only of quality, but also of weight. (3.) The samples are to be sent ; immediately on the receipt of a letter or tele- ; gram, so that the dairyman will not be able to make e special cask for exhibition, and the samples are to be repeated as of ben as required. <4.) Competing dairies must send hi & return of the feeding and system generaUyf ollbwed on the farm, withspacial reference to the week buying which the samples are sent in. At present the number of dairies entered is 360. NinB judges \- have been selected, and these act in groups of three each, each group recording an inde pendent opinion on each sample, which is cheeked by those of the other two < groups. Each group will consist of two butter merchants and one dairy expert. The exhibitors are paid the usual market rate for their exhibits. The-shows will be held at inter vals of a fortnight during eight months of the \- year, and the Government grant during the current financial year is £1,350. As the same \- dairy will send in butter several times in the course of the year, great facilities will be afforded for ascertaining which are the best managed dairies, and it will "then be Been where the art of butter-making may best ho learned. The report concludes by reproducing a series of questions in regard to ff any management put to the managers of competing dairies. Before the Wheat Rust Conference termin ated an understandingwos arrived at that after the experiments about to be made throughout Australia bad been tried, tlie delegates would reassemble in Sydney to compare notes on the results obtained! The intention is to import varieties of wheat from outside the colonies, and to try by early rowing; what can be done on land where a judicious rotation of crops has been followed. The Government will also cause inquiries to be directed regarding the applica tion of manures, the treatment of soil with lime, sulphate of iron, and salt, the value of drainage, the efficacy, of burning all straw, weeds, and other plants grown in Infected fields, the different modes of sowing, and climatic conditions. The Minister of Water Supply (Mr. Deakin) was on the 13th inst. asked by the Creswick Water Trust authorities whether he would giant some remission of interest on their loans under the Local Governing Bodies Act. The popula tion has decreased since the loan was agreed to, and the revenue has diminished with it. Mr. Deakin intimated to the deputation that he had only power to suspend the operation of the sin king fund, and unless he was shown very good reasons for doing so, he would not suspend the sinking fund. " He would require a statement showiug the ' present position of the revenue and expenditure. . Mr. Deakin also saw the representatives of Dimboola Shire and the United Wimmera Water Trust, who became jointly responsible for the expenditure involved in the construction of a weir at Dooen. The Dimboola people allege the work cost very much more than it ought to have done, and they asked for a_ re adjustment of accounts. Mr. Deakin promised to obtain a report on the subject. The Premier has received a reply from Dr. Cockburn, the Premier of South Australia, to the communication sent, bj the Victorian Go vernment to the Adelaide authorities com plaining of the state of disrepair into which the South Australian section of the border rabbit- proof fence has been permitted to fall. There are now huge gaps in the fence, the gates are left open, and as a protection against the inroads of rabbits tha South Austra lian line is in great part useless. Dr. Cockburn writes to say that - im mediate steps will he taken to repair the damage done. The South Australian fence runs for thirty- six miles ; the Victorian for 110. There is a wide difference in the system of maintenance. The Victorian fence is constantly patrolled by two men on horseback, who at once report any damage done, and close gates. The South Australian fence is not watched at all. The Minister of Agriculture has been asked to alter the distribution and extend the amount of the grant to agricultural societies. At present £24,000 is distributed among eighty societies. From a recent conference held at the offices of the National Agricultural Society Mr. Dow has received a request that no subsidy should be assigned societies whose prize-list does not amount to £500 ; that the total amount of the grant should be increased to £30,000 and distributed pro rata to societies with, prize-lists amounting to at least £500. Under the presidency of Mr. Highett, M.L. A. , the Board of Viticulture met on the 13th inst, when satisfactory reports were received from the manager of the viticultural school at Rutherglen, where work in the destruction of the fly pest has been successful. A communi cation was received from the Railway Depart ment, in response to the complaint of the board that no facilities were given for the transit of fruit during holiday time. The letter explained that fruit and dairy produce CGuld not be carried by purely pas senger trains. It was decided that a depu tation should wait upon the commissioners with a view to obtain a satisfactory understanding. Arrangements were 'made to enable Signor Bragato, the wine expert employed in the Rutherglen district, to visit other places and instruct the small wine-growers. The Commissioner of Trade and Customs was interviewed on the 13th inst. by Mr. Duncan, M.L.A., who stated that a number of farmers of Rupanyup had decided to import from Port Augusta, South Australia, about a hundred bags of seed wheat, which they desired to sow on their farms, with a view of getting rid of rust. As the wheat would only be used for that special purpose, it was desired that it should be ad mitted into the colony free of duty. Mr. Patterson, whilst sympathising with the farmers, said he could not exempt the parcel of wheat, but application might subsequently be made to have an amount placed on the estimates for the purpose of refunding the duty. The Conservator of Forests (Mr. Perrin) is preparing a report, showing the work done by the State foresters in the extinction of fires. From all over, the colony Mr. Perrin has received testimony that bad it not been for the system of fire-breaks, whole forests would have disappeared. At Creswick, the timber caught no less than ten times. In consequence of the " breaks " -portions already burned clear- it was comparatively easy work to control the flames. In the long six months of an excep tionally dry summer the danger from fire has "been very great, and, desiring to obtain specific information, Mr. Perrin has asked the foresters to answer five questions: Theextent of the bush fires In their districts ; the steps taken ; the number of persons employed, and how long ; the formation of fire-bTeaks, and their utility in checking a conflagration. Mr. Perrin's report will be addressed to the Minister of Lands. The Minister of Lands has appointed managers for the You Yangs common. The work of clearing the land of rabbits will have to be performed by the managers for the You Yangs having been declared a farmers' common, the Government are not responsible. According, however, to the Geelong Advertiser, "the rabbits still continue to have a happy time of it at the You Yangs. No definite decision has yet been come to as to who is responsible for their extermination. It is understood that the You Yangs is to remain a farmers' common, and that five local managers have been ap pointed ; but, if so, why is the Government rabbit inspector not doing his duty ? The Lands Department is greatly to blame for the negli gence displayed in not having appointed managers several weeks ago. Something defi nite would then have bsen done in the matter of rabbit destruction ere this. Nobody but an eye witness could possibly conceive the magnitude of the rabbit plague iu the You Yangs. They swarm there iu thousands. To put it in the words of a local landowner, "there's enough rabbits there to stock the whole country in one I season." In the early morniugs and late in the ! afternoons the bunnies are to be seen trooping "In thousands from the You Yangs, spreading 1 themselves far and wide on the surrounding 1 plains. The farmers and graziers don't like it, .arid no wonder. They neve kept goii ever since the 17th February trying to get the better of the rodents, spending money on poisoned grain, and employing men to dig out burrows, but with fintiesttlt? As well try to stem the tide with, a pitchfork as hope for success, when within a mile, or perhaps immediately adjoin ing, is one of the worst breeding-grounds in the colony — the You Yangs. The position is a laughable one in some respects. On one side we see a number of highly- paid Government in spectors patrolling amongst farm holdings from day to day, urging the people on to destroy the rabbits, and threatening all lands of penalties if they don't, while right in front of these officers is roe vast breeding-ground at the You Yangs, where the pest is permitted to propagate its species in peace." Under the Irrigation Act of 1886, in the preparation and in the use of forms for exercis ing rating powers, it is necessary to observe that there axe one or two distinct classes of rates, one which may be called the general, the other the graduated rate. The general rate is made by the commissioners without any ap proval or aid from the Governor-in-Council. The graduated rate applicable to one or more divisions. only cannot be made without first ob taining the approval of the Governor-in-Council under section 172 of the Act. The termers of the northern and north \- Western districts still complain of difficulty in obtaining a sufficient supply of good agricul tural labour. It was stated at the half-yearly meeting of the North-western Municipal Asso ciation on Tuesday, by President Fletcher, of St. Arnaud Shire, that ha believed he could get engagements for 100 good ploughmen for a twelve months' term, were such men obtainable. The association de cided to ask the Government to encourage the introduction into Victoria of suitable agri cultural labourers and household servants, on the principle of assisted immigration to the extent of one-half the passago- money, and that the Government appoint an agent to engage such immigrants. Other resolutions of im portance to the farming interest and to local government were also carried. This morning a deputation from the association will wait on various Ministers to lay their decisions before them. The Minister of Water Supply has approved of the first petition for the formation of the Millewa Irrigation and Water Supply Trust. The land included in the trust district is iu the parishes of Wharparilla, Millewa, Bamawm, and Ballendella, in the counties of Gunbower and Bendigo. The scheme or plan of the proposed works is thus described : — (a) A weir on the River Goulburn, between Murchieon and Nagambie ; a main channel thence to the Waranga or Gunn's swamp ; a storage reservoir with regulating works at the swamp ; thence a main supply channel westward to the right bank of the Campaspe river, a siphon to convey water across the Campaspe, a supply channel from the left bank of the Campaspe westward for a distance of about ten miles, and a system of distributary channels, with all necessary secondary and subsidiary works, including . works for drainage. (b) A steam-pumping plant on the south bank of the river Murray, in the Wharparilla pre-emptive right, parish of Wharparilla, county of Gunbower ; thence an open or closed aqueduct, about four miles in length, to convey the water to or near the south boundary of allotment 52, parish of Millewa, county of Gunbower, and a system of dis tributary channels, with all necessary secondary and subsidiary works. The Goulburn Weir, the main channel - to the Waranga Swamp, the Waranga Reservoir, and the mi an channel from the Waranga Reservoir to the Campaspe River are national works. The amount of the loan is £12,000 at 4| per cent, interest. The rate at which the trust will pay for water supplied from national works will be 6s. for every cubic foot of water per minute delivered throughout the winter season, and 8s. for every cubic root of water delivered during the summer. During winter, from 11th June to loth November, the trust will be entitled to take from the national works 2,067 cubic feet of water per minute, and throughout the summer, from the 16th November to the loth April, 1 , 165 cubic feet per minute. Th8 power of rating is os. in the £. The Minister of Lands, Mr.. Dow, has de cided to appoint three experts, one to instruct the tobacco-growers, another to advise the vignerons, and- a third to assist the farmers with his experience. Mr, Dow has communi cated with the agricultural authorities at Washington, asking them to recommend an ex pert in the cultivation of tobacco and ita pre paration for the market. He has written to Bordeaux for a thoroughly-qualified wine grower, versed in all the mysteries of the vine yard and the wine cellar. And he has asked Professor Wallace, of Edinburgh, who recently visited Yietoria, to recommend a vegetable pathologist, who will be a companion worker to Mr. French, the Government entomolo gist. During Mr. Dow's inquiries as to how the agricultural interests of the colony may be best promoted, he has concluded that one of the pressing wants of the time might be profitably met by devising means in order that the scientific work of the University and the State Agricultural Colleges could be brought into immediate contact with those engaged in tilling the soil. He is" convinced that a system of promoting technical education among agricul turists can be carried out — m connection with the improvement of existing methods, and the introduction and development of new branches —-by a Judicious employment of specialists en- gatd from time to time to visit the agricul turists and charged with the direct work of furnishing the latest technical instruction in special directions. 