THE LOYAL MINORITY. \- By Loyalist. The singular want of knowledge commonly displayed with regard to the loyal minority in Jreland,jB the -writer!a apology ..for the. tel le, wingpitome of their- history- and. origin. ALvery..emioeRt writer has giyenloonntenajico . to the prevalent error by tbe title" of "his -famons. worik ;<:>n "/Fhe- Engiish in Ireland." That . this term is misleading.,! shall endeavour briefly to ehow. : In 1881,:Ir.6land-oontained 5,150,000 people, of .whom 3,9d0,000 ; are Roman 'Patholics ; '640,000, pharoh of Ireland j 480,000 jPresby- terians ; and 5O,OO0 Meihodists, Qaakers; &c.; .Dividing the population .intb' uppor middle, . and Tower oiasaeB, ;the, ifirst . may, be eaid to ..consiat chlefly of Pbardb.-bf Ireland ; of the second about one-haTf are Roman, Patholics, : the remainder., being eqnally P. of I., and i-otber Protestants ; wbUei the,; .tbird S! o.ver-, ("whelmingly Roman; Pathdlic:;,) Pclltj.QElyime ProtestaBts and Roman Patholics are, aa a \-- . 'U.nioniBts And Nationalists res- :RPh'70,'y»oP exoeptipns; being, prindipallv among .the : upper |?las8 Roman PathoHos The Presbyterians freqnen'tly.. style themaslves Liberals, and . the Phnroh .qf Ireland TbHes bnt.thet dfstmbtfon is more !in lia'tae-than in, fact,; lind tbay:, are pMclically at one on all' Natiqnalj qqesfibns.! It nil ay further he men-'- tiqnem that of the Roman .jOathbliqs, there ari the paparparly, bohsialihg, of. jthe clergy, the i woman, and thpe . whom they can inflqenqo -- the farmers .who cpvqi solo possBssioh of (he land the Fehians, .or , auti English party I comprising the young, men, "the :Gae|ic CInbs'' &c.; Though, differing; in their ,i:|iimate aitns'' these '.three section's .are jat, present. in fast) allianoe,,and work, harmpnibnslyi together for i their mnnal ends., J , T - The opehihg of the Hth century; fonnd'tlie aboriginal Britons, .. or, Pymr(,..6coapying the weBtern.monntainons strip from the Piyde to. ; the Enish ' phannbl.- North of .Fqrth 'imd' Plyde were the Plots,- while thjr kin3.rbd thel Soots spread over Argylashirb and Ireiand." Fro.m Edmboro' ,to the, "ftiames tho eastern shirqs lyere -held by Danish folk, vehturqqs, mercantile, ,qea loving ; while the . central; wedge, and. south,' and sonth- east, was filled' with the Anglb-saxbris, for whom aro' doriveT tbq name aind language of Englishmen. The Nbrmans who .conqaqred first , England, ..then Ireland,--, though Norse, at bottom, were .iba- vened with;the blpoid of Britons, Franl;s;gtid Saxons through a century of ihtormarriage. Those who first invaded Irel'nd haiiqd from es, Monmonthi, . and Gloacost'er, aiicl'thpir men-at-arms, and fqotsoldiers were mostly, ielshinen qnd Flemings, of Pembrokeshire.! Dablin, Arklow,.! Wexford, and Wator ford, which, war, 0" Danish qettlemoots, and.the' plarn, Tands qflEist Leinster, spiedily fell to (neir' , awbids. J.) Around these acquired laudq .'they erected forts and ramparts, within Which tho allies reeieted the ! repeated attacks of The native ti;ibesi whose territories borderedth'em. Angio-Norinan laws, .lang'n'age, and influbqce, gradually, obtained for the residents ofjtbe fenced . district the title of " English,'.',' and; their land was called the "English Pale," while all -outside it, wore spoken of as the "Irish TSnemy," Through the reigns, of Plantaganets, Lanoastrians, and Yorkists, con- tinned efforts wore made to oxtsnd the limits ofThe.Pqlq, and to make it.mbre Eaglishjn character.' Thoi Qoyerhtirs,' . Sheriffs, and Bishops appointed, were all English by birth, bnt the indifferent success which attsnded this; angliciqiog process. maiy be inferred from the jealous dislike which always existed between these and.the Eaglislv by descent; Richard- II. attempted some 'plantations in Wioklow and North. Woxtbrd fMary put good Patholics in-the. room bf the extirpated G'Moores and O'Gonnofs, of. Queen's and King's Ppuntiesi Families and friends of crown . officials, and chnrchmen, bought or begged states, and settled on them, and. so the alien population grew and extended ; the fusion of the raoes: prooeeding hand in hand with tho oqnqluaiop of treaties,- and the inost stringent laws were found ineffectual to pre vent the assimilation of the settlers to the Irish neighbours. Under Elizabeth, England was won , to the doctrines of the Raforraation, and;those.of her subjects, whose duties led them to Ireland, religionsly endeavoured to propagate the new ideas there. A century of peaceful lifo had prepared England for their acceptance, bu't in Ireland 400 vears of incessant strife, raidirigs, and reprisals, were only interrupted by. more terrible outbnrsts of civil war. The , fierce actors in those wild scenes had bat little thought for the contro versies of Christianity, reformed or nhre. Wmed ; but on one point Irish chieftain and Anglo-Irish earl were agreed, they hated England and , all her works. The now Re formers were all Englishmen, therefore they would have npne. of their prattle. The subju gation of Desmond (1586) was tho occasion of planting tho first Protestant colony in Ireland. It was not an eminent success, but in later days, some of the . Gornish and Devonshire stock, in whom the Tudor Queen delighted, rendered very good aooounts of their conrage and prowess. As showing the difference with which the native Irish looked on the battle of the Reformation, may bo instanced tho fate of thie Armada crews oast on the Ponnanght coast,., of whom a ohief boasted having slain 70 with his own hand ; notwithstanding that - all this time Papal emissaries, from Spain and Italy, traversed the island with the holy endeavonrof stirring np revolts among the snbjects and the heretic Qneen. When James I. :Came into his king dom, a panic flight of O'Neill and O'Donnell opened . the way -for. a larger and mora syste. matio plantation than any that had. preceded -it. He determined that English civilization .and the Protestant Faith, should hand-in- UaUUiMO VObaUlIDUVU lU WIOUOI AVVVIUSUV' money was raised, surveys projeetsd and charters issned ; 50 English, 59 Scotoh gentle men; 60 goyernipent servants, and 7 London Guilds, were entrnstsd with the settlement of Englisb, Welsh, and Scottish farmers, mechanics, and labonfers, on the fat lands of confiscated territories ; care being taken to ai-rn, and plant in groups the coloniats as a safeguard against native attacks. Of the latter, some were transported to remote dis tricts, q. few "worthy" ones were admitted as tenants, while the remainder were driven to- the- inbora, and forests ..whioh were too sterile tO: tempt the oanlions immigrants For years The tide of friends, ;faihilieB,an« fortune seekers, poured in, in the waka of the bhartered settlers, until- tne;" Ayrshire dialect, Highland, gaejic, and north country Baglishi resbnbded through the fields and markets of eastern Ulster. The bloody insnrreotion of, 1641, was sternly avenged by Orom wet' ;IrobBidee,.and,,iBt the .qonplasion of the w the sbldiers 'recjBiyed,-ib. li|ea, bf theirarrea ri py parcels of "Irieh- landj-lwininarobef into the apportioned districts,' and disbanded bv reimbnte, companies, and files;' and on the spot were ordered to- take- possession. Tn sddition'tb thCSe wero l;340ventnrer mostly London BaerchantSi'wkb had'adVM money to the Parliament in itB-ietraitened .AgaB, and who also . were paid, off with I allotments in Ireland. Three mostly entered; possession with their vnves and families' and all their available capital, while fajany of the Soldiers (ofBcers and men) sold their vouchers for trifling sums, to them, or to their com, trades ; a good horse and a passage to Eogland being the pnrchase-mbney of many- a tidy farm. Thonsands of soldiers renaained where duty placed them ; some bronght over wives from England ; some inarried the dainghters of the " Adventurers," hut to marry the 1 < Ganaanitieh Women " proved too attractive, i and so it coines that 'English bnrhames and i Irish facB are so commonly met with amongst ! the Protestant yeomanry. The second gehera- ; -tion of these prattled in Irish, and many of I them were ignorant of their father's tongue. This was the only Saxon plantation, it was the last, and the most thorough. The i \iilIiBmite wars added few new families, Bome Bavarians, whom a ruthless Frenob general had burned out of their homes, were granted new ones in Tipperary, Kerry, and Liinerick ; a number of Huguenots settled at Iiisbarn, Portarlington, and Dublin, and a few Dutch ofiBcers got estates in Ulster. Meanwhile, many entire tribes cast in their ; lot with Loyalty and Prole tantism. The : Johnston's, of Fermanagh and Monagan, and i and the Smiths', of Cavan, for instance, are the direct translations of the old clan-names : of McShane and McGowan respectively ; and I during the seven or_ eight generations, which have lived and died, since the .plantation . period, the intermingling pf;the races has. 1 gone on steadily, despite the great barrier' bf ' religions differenofs, for " love laughs at locksmiths," so that at the present moment j there is hardly a Celtic Irish surname, which ! has not Protestant bearers, as a glance at the : j names on clericttV'lists, vestries, and Orange lodge committees, will- readily show. Ontbe- I other band, the'Boman Catholics are largely i of alien extraction ; for instance, Co. Kildare, which has always been within the pale, con- tains 84,000 inbahitants, of whom over 77,000 j are Boman Catholics ; and 'when we take into account the large military garrisons, of Newbridge, Naas, and Gnrragb, and the hbn'ie'e- holds of the get try whb reside' in Kildare for : the sake of its bunting, it' is evident that hot ; more than one in twenty- five of the pea- ; laritry, are Protestants. " Cf the villafgCs, Ballymlore, Eostace, is a typical example, yet ! among its 700 inhabitants, there is not a single : Protestant ; and the surnames, which are ! most numerous in that neighbourhood are ; Buch as Poroell, Gogan, Bedmondj Burke, ' Farrington, Deating, not one of which is : genuine Irish. It is, therefore, clear that the : : Protestants are not "English In Ireland," not the Boman Catholics the " Children of , the Soil ; " but the Protestants are the friends cf England, who glory in her fame, and in ; the empire which they have done aplittle : towards building up. The Boman Catholfcs , are their enemies and hers, as they have ever been. Loyalty in Ireland has always carried a heavy handicap, it ie heavier-'uow, and unlees their fellow-loyaliats of England, ; Scotland, and the Goionies, hold ont to them the hand of .brotherhood iwhioh -.they are so ; eager, to extend to less faiifafnl friends, the ' cause for which martyrs 'suffered' and'herbes ' contended,; will be:for ever lost in Ireland.— 1 Orange Monthly, ' ' ; ; 