CHIPS. 1 Br CEDiros. Tho Frenoh are talking about making a rail way across the Sahara from Algeria to any- wbero. Their ideas aro not very definite. A paper has boon read before the Paris Academy of Sciences by M. Rolland, in which tho proposition is laid down that AVcstern and Central Soudan aro regions that should belong to France, but that nothing of permanent valuo can bo effected till Algeria is connected with somewhere by a railway across the desert. The proposition is not by any mean3 complimentary to tho pro moters of a line from Senegambia towards the oentre. It is a matter for wonder that the Aca demy of Scienoes should havo allowed a political paper liko this to bo placed among its transac tions. Suoh a line, moreover, is likely to be an expensivo ons from tho want of materials along tho routo. English engineers think that a line from Suakim or Zeila to tho Eastern Soudan is more required and would bo moro reproductive, as it would havo no desert at all to oross ; but the question is not one which calls for discussion by any Fkiglish scientific society. The proposed lino may be placed on the same level as thegrcat Siberian railway, tho density of population in the Sahara and in Siberia being on a par. The only lino through on almost uninhabited region which is justifiable by reason and com mon sense is one for the promotion of coloni sation. Tho Russians may be exoused for looking upon their Siborian lino as a project of this description, but the French can have no serious intention of planting colonies in the midst of tho Sahara. Tho yield of gold in Russia is steadily, although slowly, diminishing. In 1877 the yield was 1,105,960 nz.. and in 1887 it was 915,040 oz., a decrease of 190,920 oz., notwiths standing tho opening of new fieldB in the region of Yakutsk and in tho province of the Amouc. Theyields of silver, platinum andqnicksilvoraro, on the othor hand, increasing. It is believed by Russian economists that tho commence ment of tho works on tho great Siborian railway will havo a further prejudicial effect on tho gold industry, as tho miners will prefer employ ment on the railway to their regular work in tho mines. Tho wholo of the copper, zino, iron, lead anil tin raised in Russia is required for home consumption, a heavy duty being exacted on imports of these metals, but the quantities produced are insufficient to satisfy the demand. Somo manganeso was exported, but could not compoto with tho Chilian. Tho Russian Mining Commission report that tho manifest oxhaustion of tho American petroleum wells of good quality promises for tho Russian articlo nil ascendancy in tho market of tho world. This perverted judgment is tho outcome of blind infatuation. Tho exhausting prooess can only have tho samo end whorevor it is carried on. Tho Rus sians would aot wisely if they were to keep their limited supply of oil for their own use, instead of following tho example of tho foolish virgins who let their lamps go out and tiion had to beg in vain for a supply of oil from their more prudent sisters. Tho world at large has yet to learn prudenco in respect to tho con servation of oil, coal and somo other minoral pro ductions. Export duties are not always inju dicious. The Mexican Government aro about to try a risky experiment in tho establishment of negro colonies in five of tho Federal states. For this purposo a contract lias been entered into with two American citizons, by whom the now settlers will bo introduced. Thoso will havo tho privilege of frco entry for their per sonal effects and agricultural implements, as well as exemption from certain taxes during a specified period. Tho contrac tors are bound to introduco 20,000 colonists within the noxt 10 years. Tho effect of this movement will bo to relieve tbo United States from their increasing colored population, and at the same time to extend their influence over tho Mexican territory. The Government aro quite alivo to tho advantage of colonisation from Europe, but havo been unsuccessful in their ef forts. to attract immigrants. A settlor of other than Spanish nationality has many diffi culties to contend with in attempting to establish himself among a peoplo of a different race, speaking a foreign language, and with somo disagreeable liabits. The best way of settling Mexico would be by the adoption of the Argon- tjuo and Brazilian practice of alloting certain' districts for tho reception of separate nationali ties, and tho formation therein of agricultural townships. Tho plan lias worked woll in tho Eouth of Brazil, nnd at Rosario and other centres of La Plata. In the more tropical regions there have been failures, and, unwarned by experience, the Brazilian Government Is now attempting to form a settlement of Poles and Germans at Marouham, only twodcgrccs south of tho equator. Each family is to have passage paid, 137 ncros of land, 2 bullocks, a horse, a cow, a house, farm implements and £3 por month during the first year ; the outlay to bo reimbursed at the rato of £100 a year for seven years, beginning with the third. An experiment like this cannot succeed. Tho most of the settlers will die off before tho end of the term. Tho aro 22 regular lints of steamers running between European portB and New York, and in the course of 18S9 they landed in America 411,895 passengers. Of theso lines four are German, two Dutch, ono each French, Belgian and Danish, while three run from Mediter ranean ports, the rest being English, as are also some of those credited to foreign ports. Tho North German Lloyd's, Bremen, carries tho most passengers, nearly one-fifth of tho whole num ber indeed. Passengers by vessels trading to other ports than New York will, no doubt, take the total up to more than 500,000, which is about the average since 1880. One of the plans of a building for tho United States Universal Exhibition is a curiosity. It is an enormous wigwam or tent, 3000 feet diameter, whioh will enclose a Bpace twico as large as all tho buildingB and gardens of tho Paris Exhibition. Tho centre polo is to bo 500 feet higher than the Eiffel Tower, and this is to bo stoadicd by steel guy ropes brought radially down to anchorages in tho ground. Theso ropes will bo attached to tho polo at tho height of 1100 feet, tho remaining 400 foot being merely a flagstaff. Some parti culars havo still to bo given, such as tho sort of eanvas or othor material with whioh it is to bo covered, not forgetting tho Bizo of tho insurance company that will havo to bo floated to provide indemnity for damage in case the whole affair should be blowu away by ono of the tornadoes for which America is famous. No doubt, like some other pre posterous engineering enterprises, tho realisa tion of tho idea is quite possible ; but is it desirable? Tho Americans aro fond of things big and original, but they aro also gifted with a fair amount of common sonse, and thoy will no doubt do what is right. Everything relating to tho influenza is now of world wide interest. Somo romarkable experi ences are reported from Copenhagen. At the Royal Institution for the education of deaf mutes, the pupils have for seven years been regularly weighod every day in groups of 15. Some interesting results have been obtained. It has boen found that the children's growth in weight has occurred chiefly in autumn up to the middle of December, thero being hardly an increase up to the 'end of tho following April, nnd a diminution then ocours till tho end of summer. Last year proved an oxception. The curves of weight wero liko those of previous years till 23rd November ; but in the four weeks thereafter the girls gained nothing, and the boys only two-thirds of tho usual amount. There was no modification as regards food or other material conditions ; but tho in- iluonza epidemic appeared in Copenhagen towards the end of November. Six of the pro fessors at tho institution wero attacked, while there were no pronounced cases among the pupils. It was supposed, however, that tho germs of tho disease had cntored tho place, and become prevalent, tho inference boing drawn that tho struggle with theso on tho part of the children had absorbed so much vital forco that tho organs of nutrition failed to give tho normal increase of weight after tho 23rd November. This quite agrees with the general experience that wherever the epidemio prevailed there was a marked deterioration of health, with an augmented mor tality, even among those who seemed to have escaped the invasion of tho disease. Their vital power must have been depressed, although not perceptibly, so that they became liablo to the invasion of other ailments. The question arises— Is it not so with other epidemics than that of influenza ? 