ROCKHAMPTON. TUESDAY, APRIL 29, 1890. IMMIGRATION V. STAGNATION. It has come to be an axiom with a certain section of our population that immigration is the sworn foe of pros- perity, and we can never hope to enjoy the latter until the former is completely stopped. By turna the Government are beseeched and threatened to stop all immigration, and, what is not a little remarkable, those who the most recently benefited by the present Bystem of re- cruiting our population are very fre- quently the most clamorous in their appeals. It ie comparatively seldom that the old or the native-born colonist joins in the cry. The fact that the demand springs about equally from ignorance end selfishness, gives UB no assurance that these calls will be greatly modified. The ludicrous belief often current on immigrant ships that in this new land all live in idleness and abundance, seemB to excite a rapacity in those seized of it that nothing but long residence can over- come. Driven by this greed, they eagerly join in a cry to shut the ports, and so prevent the ingress of others to share the benefits they have just reached. It is as if the country they left was some sinking vessel, and the new land they have reached the only lifeboat available. Once in themselves they grudgingly permit another to reach the same safety, lest the craft become overloaded. But in this instance there is much greater danger to the occupants through under manning than overloading. We have a vast territory on which, if we are to maintain our foothold, much less develop its resources, we must receive regular reinforcements. Short-handed we are as linallie to cope with the task, as the solitary occupant of a lifeboat to propel it in a heavy sea. Many no doubt declare that they object only to state-aided immigration. The sus- picion, however, is well founded that this assertion is more rhetorical than accurate. Their denunciations are always directed against the immigration -not the state aid-in fact it is noto- rious that those who are foremost in this cry, are clamant in their de- mands for state aid in everything. If state-aided immigration were stopped, and immigrants still con- tinued to arrive in large numbers, the cry against immigration would not diminish one jot. Those who raise it do not concern themselves with the sum that immigration costs-thrift in a Government is seldom a commendable virtue in their eyes. It is in this continual demand for state aid, and especially for a spirited public works policy, that the ignorance of those who believe by a stoppage of immigration commercial prosperity may be best secured is most clearly discerned. With a continual inflow of huge loans-such as that floated by the late Government-expended freely in railway construction and other public works, and a rigid exolusionof all immi grarAs, labour would be in strong de- mand, wages high, hours of work few, and for. a season, this, or any other oolony following the same course, would be a working man's paradise. But the activity pulsing through the land would resemble nothing BO much as the fierce rush of fever, that makes ordinary feats of strength child's play to the patient, only to leave him afterwards utterly prostrate, often in great peril of dying outright from exhaustion. A commu- nity whose trade is built on loans re- sembles a man who lives on stimulants. It is not in pushing out railways to the far interior, or constructing wharves and dredging harbours that we will build up a solid prosperity. These works are but adjuncts andaids to the great taskof draw- ing wealth in abundance from the rich land in which we have been infeft. To developeour mines ; to increase our agri- culture, and so free us from the almost disgrace of importing the very necessaries of life while there lies to our hand soil that will grow almost every product under heaven; to reclaim our great waste areas, bringing them in from carrying cattle to growing wool, anti from feeding one «beep to feeding ten it is in works such as these that prosperity lies, and to engage in them we need as many helpers as we can secure. For some years, as Mr. Pattison pointed out in one of his recent speeches in this city, we have been living beyond our income ; our loan expenditure especially has been most lavish. Now we have attained the bad pre-eminence of possessing tho hugest Public Debt, estimated on the basis of population, of any of the Australasian colonies. With the loan just floated, the annual interest charges cannot fall far short, if they do not exceed, £Z sterling per bead of the population. To raise that sum we must do a very large trade, proportionally a much larger trade than when the annual interest charges were very much less -per head. This ex- pansion of commerce; this additional wool, and gold, and agricultural pro- duce which we must produce, cannot bo dug and grown by the number of people that were in the colony when a very much smaller output met all claims on us. We have borrowed at a rate far greater than'the natual increase of our people, and we muBt secure an arti- ficial inorease, by whose labour, joined to our own, we may hope to meet those obligations which we have incurred. If all immigration is to be arbitrarily stopped, the result, as has been shown, may be very advantageous for a few months to many classes of artizans and labourers ; but it would be a fictitious prosperity, certain to be followed by a period of great stagnation. To so sparsely populated a oolony as Queens- land a well-regnlated system of immi- gration is a vital neoessity. With suoh drastic ohangea imminent in the oonduot of the sugar indUBtrjr, this necessity becomes supreme. At the close of *the present year Polynesian immigration will cease ; and in three years, beyond the remnant who have exemption tiokets, or who nay choose to remain for a. further term, the thousands of labourers now growing cane in this Colony will have returned to their native islands. These men must be replaced' if the industry is not to perish, and by immi- gration only can this addition to oar industrial army be Becnred.' If: the sugar industry is starved to death by av policy of anti-immigration rigidly en- forced, then the loss to the plantera, will no doubt be great; but the losa to the country will scarcely be lesa, severe. The Colony will lose not only a moBt valuable asset, but also a great, source of revenue, with the consequence, that those engaged in all other indus- tries will find their burdens heavily in- creased-they will be obliged in future not only to supply their own portion of the public expenditure, but also to make- up the contribution hitherto received from the extinct industry. In many other directions, however, besides oane growiog, is the continuance' of our immigration system necessary to the production of that wealth which, we require to meet the many and heavy obligations we have incurred. Our vast sheep walks are being divided into easily worked areas, and these grazing farms all call for additional labour. Similarly our mining centres are increasing; within the last few years two new, and great fields-Mount Morgan and Croydon have been discovered and largely worked. The opening up of ail these resources will enable us to bear easily the heavy debt we have contracted^ while the partial or total arrest of that, development by cutting oft Ihe/aupplf of men anxious to engage in the-work,. can result only in doubling the bardens, on those who now bear them. . The joyous persistence with wbioh Bussia. " manera troops ou the Austrian frontier " form« a permanent oasis in the dry wastes of European politics. ' Even the Beething cauld- ron of old world diplomacy ceases to boil at times, and rumours of coming strife run short. It is only at Un¿ intervals that an emperor ia. blown up and passers by are injured by flying:; fragments nf shattered and unrecognisable monarch ; the eup,. y of monarchs ta com- paratively limited, and the men <who*throw bombs do not al« aye aim so straight asqnlght reasonably be expected, oooeldeáw¿he ex- tensive practice tbry haveenjpmdinrecent years. (Vow and thm a prominirit'bbtentate goes mad, and his voice bi heard'howtlng in incoherent accents down th é corridors op history, bnt as a rule the dérangea wCner of a cn.wo is choked off in time to prevent hts infirmity becoming known, and ¿olees he. aotually turns somersaults oajgs titrons on Íniblin occasions, his condition attracts but. ittle attention. Only oucé during tate yean, basa European sovereign been embewea by a body of conspirators, and e'nrrebtJrionsly removed out of his kingdom, and then a. great sensation fell comparatively., fiat, for owing to sheer want of a plane tb put the stolen white elephant, he had at last to be. returned to bis palace in disgust But even, in those periods of utter .stagnation,,<when everywhere else there ls ;pot a ribble to be. traced on the.surfaoe of the'jwUwil.'sea, Russia may be found " másalág troops bo the. Austrian frontier." She dôes 'ajmarently, from sheer force of habit, and Wlfh bo ulterior purpose except that «he wants to bring the troops there and look at tbem;far>a,«»b}U, and', then send, them away again. ;.! Th«,r«jroop». never do anything when they antly*; and seemingly never intend todo ajiytbsog. There ls seldom, anytli-ng beard » .»boot,) their - departure when th-jv have ,growa Srjd ol' being massed on thu frontier, butnresumably they do depart soon-.-r or later,'umisB, indeed, they die i-f old iue and natural decay, and', are buried there. Tbs sshole-¡moramente appears to be a mere sportiva pw paed trig, Uko tnat of a kitten v bich makes a'IrantM rash* at nothing in particular, sind sto^.abortbef ore it geti th .re. Of worse it:is ja*t possible that the monotonous :<>rooesa mfr/ -some- day end in war ..and .disaster, but it is worth noting that Russia, ,baa : iiaasaed1. troops on the same frontier: reto (fttorvala for nearly eixty years, andr tb^^retaiJl^ao far,, has. been absolutely n^.B«)es*^pOsrtainx amount of amusement ron Aha onffMlt, and worry snd aggravation on tits ptijefcbe taken, into accronEvery time Ute Bnsslan empty weapon appears on the .bdrftéf oHjBuropa. giviB way to an attack of cerebral eMwnant, and the poor, insolvent Mapna nf Aastria. nearly break« it« beck in ths.pnaocss of raising: a counter demo..stratton. Then nothing in particular takes place with, great vlolenoe. lt ie generally understood, however, that if-' either pally were to go obestep farther, and. do something that is not very well defined, or were lo go somewhere which bas not hitherto been definitely located, but walsh-might pw- ibly begun« too if one or other of the parties concerned desired to get there, or were to exeooie that hazy and shapeless thing celled a protocol, m anything, else io the sum« efl.oi, or did anything else, under any oircurnetanoeewhatevei,''tba conse- quences might defy oaloulatioo¡ a*4a split- ting, rending sound might be beard through- out Kuropt-, ai uounoiug that an' empire hedi bec. suddenly turn up. But BO far none of those calamities Intro ever happened. There, has been a brief period of excitement and alarm, and then Kurope has balmed down,, and matter« l):iv- taken .their accustomed, oourse, uutil after interval of pesos, Russia baB again proer-edmt to mass troops on the, Aui-trUn frontier. Apparently, the disease, has become chronic and incurable. Possibly,, if either the troops or the frontier could be, definitely abolished, the remedy might prove adequate to the requirements of the'oase, but. these heroic measures being alike impractic- able, it might be best to let Kuisia go otk massing her troops till she is-tired, and take, no notice of the proceeding. A man nimed John 'White bas been tined £15 st Brisbane for having eternised the. business of an auctioneer without à license. The rock on which the steamer Dickey struck off Bustard Beads, while on,a vojage» from Rockhampton to Bundaberg, is reported BB being " unknown." Administ rations bave been grantod In tb» following estates ;-John Kee, of - Logan Downs Station, Clermont, boundary rider, £404 Os. 2d., administrator A. W. Chambers, of Brisbane, solicitor; Archibald Keith, ot Brisbane, marine engineer, £598 IBs. 8d., administratrix, .1. Keith, of Brisbane, widow.. Mr. Ki ¡th, it will be remembered,'met with, his death by falling down the steps on the. Taldora, and breaking bk neck. Th» following land will be open to selection, at the respective land offices - on and after Monday, the 2ad June :-Agricultural farms. -Surveyed : Rockhampton, No. 2073, portion 2073, San Jose, 243 acres. '.'. XSg&n; 44th section: Rockhampton, sight lanna of 160 each, Dundas. Grazing f4isni>n%irvsyad : Aramac, to be opened to MtmÜaía at tba oonrt-house, BsroaJÓUn*. No. ^'"boriloo 4v on th» resumed part' pf Psltaiii Creek run, 4240 acres, Under 44th section r Blackall, to be opened to aeleotion at th* soait- hoo**. ?ma Barcaldine, portions'Iv and 2v, Lochnegi on the nannied pert of Edwinstowe run, 66 and 6400 acree respectively.! The exports of flour and wheat to Qneei land this year have amounted to 323,6 bushels. Two old offenders named Clancy ai Sullivan were arrested yesterday and plas In the lockup for oeusing a distúrbanos al Chinaman's shop and for vagrancy. The Town Clerk yesterday reoeived formal acknowledgment from the Und Secretary to the Treasury of his applicati on behalf of the Council for the Governme to reinstate the Fitrroy Bi irlge. The May reoeived the following telegram, dated Sate day, from the Hon. W. Pattison :-" Ba ?eeo the Premier with regard to the Fitzri Bridge. He is willing to contribute, ss; £2000 towards the oost of repair, but i estimate of amount required has yet bei arrived at. Shonld the amount named n be equal to oie-thtrd of the total, then tl amount will be Increased. The Prem! leaves here for Rockhampton next Saturda and when on the spot, and seeing matters f himself, better terms may be made." When the Governors Reception Committi last week decided what arrangements thi would make for the welcoming of H Kxoellenoy, * telegram waa sent to bis aide d camp, Captain Baden-Powell, advising him i what was proposed. The Town Clei offered to malee arrangements for accomm dating His Excellency and suite dnring tb<: visit here. A reply was received froi Captaln'Baden-Powell from Cairns yesterda morning, stating that the details whioh hd been suggested-the rception in the momio, tte football match lu tim afternoon, and tl Orpheus Concert in the evening-weie quit satisfactory, but the Governor and his suil would not require apartments-they ii tended living on the Lucinda while the remained bera. A general committee meeting of the Unite Friendly Societies was held last uight at th Conn oil Chambers. There wes a largo attei da noe, and Mr. R. M'Clelland occupied th oh air. The rest of the sub-committees, suo as the Gates Committee, and Sub Committe Ko. 2, were appointed for the carrying out < tbe annual gathering on thc Queen's Birt! day. The drawing up of the sports prc «aja-amme was completed, and, in its entir form, wlll.be published dnring the week, i letter, was received from the Mayor of Roch 'hampton In reference toa procession in honou of toe arrival of the Governor, and it wa decided that consideration of the matter b deferred till Friday next. Mr. Moyle wa appointed marshall for the annual procession and It was decided that the line of maroh b the same as last year, and that each societ; taite np a position In the prooesBion accordin ' cs the established order of rotation. The seer« tarrwas.instructed to write to the Inspeoto of FóBoo for a patrol on the Queen's Birth day. It was decided that Calcutta sweeps b Inaugurated in connection with the Handicap) With regard to the big consultation, it wa ¿.oided that the date for the dosing shout be altsred from the 10th May till the 17t Slay, and the drawing from the 12th May til tba Ivth May. Thia step was taken eo ths tbs date for receiving acceptances would b faut before the closing of the consultation. A Cablegram published early in Marci .tated that "Admiral Lord Charles Scott commander of the Australian station, de clares that the cruisers built for the Austro Usn auxiliary squadron are too small, am they ought to be of the Blake and Blenhein type." .Lord Charles Scott subsequent!; denied having made any snob statement, an! Tram English espers jost to hand it appear that the opinion In question was expressed bj . ReaxAdmiral R. A. E. Scott. The followioj i fwaorspb on tbe subject is from the Khiroptm Motel the 14th Maroh:-'. Rear-Admira H. A. E. -Scott, who has seen a great deal o . «sTVloe onthe Australian station, and who li frequently to be heard upon naval questions ls «gain to the fore, pointing out the advan ? tag« which cruisers of the size of the Biak« . and Blenheim would in war time have ovei vessels of a rnoch smaller tonnage, from thnii ' high"* apeed and greab-r coal capacity >' ali SM wonld enable them, in oase of neces «Hy, to «team straight to our Australia! .«Montes without calling en rou«, ur else tc \- «wal and rsach their ports in less tban fort] ? - days. Tbe Rear- Admiral states that a care \- ? ?*«! stody of British extended trade routei IraaToonvinoed him that vessels of 3000 tons . «part from' their light build and small speec \- ' Am seaway, cannot possibly oarry either thi sarrnamsntof the coals needed to protect thi roo tee of from 4000 to 7000 miles In length, when the best of then can only reach aboul . - flHQ miles at the full apeed, at whiob they w«*M -have to steam occasionally. Such . i-. tassais oonld aoaroely get to the Cape, bul \- sjrowd certainly, on reaching half-way, be li sjw oxtnditioo to remain on the route and guard ear commerce in time of war. In short, . . Rraw.Admlral Poott advocates vessels of nol Jasaithaa 4600 tons, plated over their guns, r ' overawe any would-be marauders, for the« wonld have the high speed needed to over- take, and the powerful armament necessarj to overpower, any and «very enemy; and thats ships would not only maintain onr com sn uni ea ti on s with the moat distant parts ol tba Empire, bat would likewise impress om colonists with a far greater sense of security .han the visita of numerous gun-vessels, which'are inferior in eise to the fine mail .teeners which they dally aee in their porte,' . Two'Chinamen named Den Pom and Wah Teen were charged at the Police Court yester- day moramg, before tie POUOT Magistrate and Dr. Maodonald, with being illegally on the premises of San Lee, in William-street. Mr. fi. Lyons appeared for the prosecution, and ic . . opening the case to the Bench said the evi- dence wonld possibly disclose an offence of a more serious nature. The case occupied twe , boors, and not then being finished, wat adjonrned until Wednesday afternoon. The / facts, whioh were rather peculiar, were these. On Sunday afternoon Constable . .Carran was called to a shop io William street, where the two aroused were given Into his custody. From state . Huetts made by the constable aud others, it : appeared that Den Som occupied a bedroom japing a lane at the rear of the Chinese shops ia William-street, and that there is a drain passing underneath the houses. In Den ¿urn's bedroom there is a trap opening into tbs drain, and in a room of Lum Lee'e shop -ashlen waa locked on Sunday afternoon there ls another drain trap-door. The oase jas alleged by the prosecution is that the two accused took off their clothes, got down the trap in Den Lum's bedroom, and crawled along the drain until they reached the opening in Sun Lee's room, where-there was a large quantity of money amounting to about £7-ataoked in three fanny and sixpenny pieces and coppers on a counter. When they emerged from the trap, however, they were caught by the proprietor, «nd after a good deal of excitement among tbe Chinese in that quarter of the town, given .nts oustody. The oase promises to be a long oas, aa all the evidenoe bas to he inter- preted in Chinese to the prisoners. When the proceedlnea had been on a good while yesterday, Mr. J. Pattison ap- peared in court, and announced that bo ned bash requested to defend the aoonsed by soma of their countrymen, There were fifty or sixty Chinamen ia Court during the hoar lng of tba ease,-Frederick Fry, charged with being drank and making use of obsoBce language iu front of the Royal Hotel, Fitzroy and East Streets, pleaded guilty. The ' oWntmnosiSbok place on Saturday night, sud the défendant now expressed his contrition. Hs bad been living in the district for thirty -'. fl*% ys*fsj>aod nothing was known against ' ? tdfn. - For using obscene lsuguage the -'defendant wu fined 40a., or seven days ; on .ba oóarge ol drunkenness hs was dis misted. The money WM paid. - George' Varley, charged with being drank, (aid he believed he was. Be was discharged. A rumour gained currency tn town yester . day that Miohael .Barry, who ls now lying In Rockhampton Gaol nnder aentenoe of death,. had committed entolde. We are anthoratively informed that the rumour is inoorrect. We believe that Barry is enjoying good health and is not depressed in spirits. Messrs. Howard Smith and Sons announce elsewhere a new scale of steamer fares between Rockhampton and Sydney. Com- pared with those formerly existing there is a reduction of fifty per cent on all tickets between here and Sydney. The return saloon fares are now to Brisbane, £3 10s.; Sydney, £5 5s.; Melbourne, £7 10s.; and Adelaide, £10 10s. Onoe more we have to obronicle heavy rain in the far west, and again it is so serious that traffic is onoe more blocked. Yesterday morning Mr. G. S. Curtis, the local agent for Cobb and Co.'a ooaob service, reoeived wires from Barcaldine and Blackall, requesting that no more passengers might be booked, as there had boen heavy rains, and the roads were blocked. There are already a number of passengers waiting to go on at Barcaldine. Mr. James Graham, Evangelist, was met by a largo congregation in the Weslyan Church, Campbell-street, on Sunday night; and last night hil meeting was well attended, whon he gave an interesting address on mission work in general. The speaker was able to tell a number of pleasing incidents, and draw several effective illustrations from his fifteen years experience as a missionary in Australia, Mr. Graham will conduct a aeries of evangelical services iu this town, and the intesest already shown ie likely to inorease as the mission becomes known. It is expected that the Kev. Mr. Baker of Mount Morgan, will assist Mr. Gi sham this evening. There has been an unwelcome ohange in the weather, and reports from the interior ol thc Central Distriot show heavy rain has fallen, for the twenty- four hours ending 9 a.m. yesterday the rainfall was as under : -limn Park, heavy showers during the night, 0*40 in.; Maryborough, 0'33in.; Inskip Point, 4 09 in.; Woody Island, 048in.; Raglan, heavy showers ; Gatcombe Heads, eboweis; Jericho lin,; Capella, 255in.; Eton, showers, Comet, thunderstorm and Blowers ; Fernlees, showery ; Duaringa, rain .ming night; Blackwater, drizzling rain. Loci ly the weather was threatening on Sunday night, and yesterday the sky was overcast with black olouds. Several showers fell during thc day. \ }CX"e Iii st meeting of the Young Womel« Christian Association Council for Central QuneuKiaud was held yesterday afternoon. Krpotts were read from the local brauch. Thi- methods of working in other ports, and th'- best means of increasing the Society here for the benefit of young women were o»n eidered. It was resolved that the Council m.«t quarterly, and that the members t-uileavour to interest ladies of other towns as coadjutors, as lady correspondente, and advisers of girls in their vicinities. The Counoil inclndes Mrs. John Ferguson, Presi- dent ; Mrs. Diggene, District Referee ; Mes- dames R. A. Ranking and C. W. (jraham, Rev. G. S. Morehead, Mrs. H. Mills, with Mrs. F. Hopkins as Hon, Secretary. A petition to His Excellency the Governor, praying for a reduction of the sentence of penal servitude for life, passed by Mr, Justice Mein on Charles Jones, at the Circuit Court, Bundaberg, has been prepared by Mr. F. D. Dunne, says the Star, who has busied him- self for the past few days in obtaining signa- tures to it. It bas been already signed i>y the Mayor, most of the aldermen, a score of justices of the peaoe, clergymen of vatioue denominations, and thc leading merchants of the town. Those who have yet been appealed to are almost unanimous in considering the sentence unneoeasarUy severe. When com- pleted; the petition will be forwarded to the Executive by Mr. W. J. MHJrath, of Mary- borough, the solicitor who defended Jones on hie trial. The following particulars relative to the Queensland Government loan were brought from London by the B.M.S. Orient last week :-The tenders for the Queenslaud 3J per cent loan of £2 261,734 were opened at the Bank of England to-day. About 050 tendera were reoeived, amounting in all to about £6,000/100, at prices ranging from a minimum of £97 to £100. Tenders at £97 13B. 6d. get 41 per cent of the amount applied for, and tendera above that price are allotted in full. One average price obtained «aa £97 16s. 7d. The syndicate tendered for about £1,000,000 at £97 9s., bnt did not succeed in getting any of the loan. Their tendera wei« one for £400,000, one for £250,000, one for £125.000, and two for £100,000. The other large tenders were-One for £165.000, at £97 16s. 6d.; one for £150,000, at £97 17s.; two for £100,000, at £9718s. 6d. ; one for £100.000, at £97 17s. 6d.; two for £100,000, at £97 16s. fid.; two for £100,000, at £97 15s. 6d.; one for £100 000, at £07 14s. Bd. ; one for £100,000, at £97 14s. The scrip is now selling at a premium of about 25s. on the minimum price. X y A correspondent writes :-The service of ?acred eong " Lost Gip," was rendered in the Westwood Protestant Chnrch by the choir last Saturday evening, aud passed off most saooessfully. MÍBB Amy Wills presided at the harmonium, and the conneotive readings were read by a gentleman fruin Rockhampton. The Westwood Chnrch cauuot boast of a strong ohoir as far as numbers are concerned, but with regard to singing they will compare favourably with some ol great numerical etrength. The einging of one young lady waa particularly admired, as was also tbe playing of Miss Amy Wills, The others acquitted themselves in a most creditable manner, and showed that great psinB bad been taken to make the affair a euooess. This is the first affair of the kind that has been held in Westwood, and it is hoped that more will follow. There were between sixty and seventy people present, aud they all agreed that they had spent a most enjoyable evening, It is intended to devote thu proceeds to repairs to the oiinrch, which are urgently needed. A meeting of the whole Counoil, forming the Reception Committee to His Excellency the Governor, was, we are Informed, held at the Counoil Chambers yesterday evening, when there were present-Aldermen Higson (M-yor), Kelly, Williams, Foulkes, and Moyle. The following report of a Bub-oom mittee was read:-"(1) The committee ap- pointed as above have tbe honor to report to the Municipal Counoil that they have prepared the draft of an address to His Exuolloncy, and they recommend the same for adoption and signature by the suverul members of the Counoil. (2) Your oommitteo have made arrangements for entertaining His Excellency at a banquet to be given at the behool of A rta, tiakets for whioh wil I be charged one guinea each. They have also intimated to the Orpheus Club and the Rugby Football Union that their proposed ooncert and foot- ball matob will be iuclnded in the arrange- ment.. (3) Your Committee recommend the Couuoil to reimburse the Mayor for any extra expenses that may be incurred in receiving aud entertaining His Exoellenoy.-Tnos, HIQSOK, Mayor. On the motion of tho Mayor, seconded by Alderman Williams, the report was read and adopted. Alderman Foulkes moved, "That to carry out the recommendations of the report a sum of £160 be plaoed at tbs disposal of the Mayor for neoessary expenses in oonneotion with enter taining His Exoellenoy the Governor." The motion wss seconded by Alderman Kelly and carried. The Union Steamshipplng Company's s.s. Maori King arrived at Sea Hill yesterday morning, and later in the day was towed to the usual anchorage at Mud Island, where she will reoeive her consignment of frozen mutton from the Lakes' Creek Works. Pos eibly the first consignment will be taken by the tender Vlisslngen to-morrow. A story comes from Maokay that bas a touch of humour in it, and may be true. While Professor Shelton was looking round at the land and character of Northern farm- ing, one landowner pressed him closely for sn opinion on farming. The Professor is said to have replied thus : Buy some dynamite, gather your horse-plougbs into a htap, and blow up the lot. It is rumoured that other police changes besides those we have recently announced are to be made, These include tba retirement of Inspector Morisset on sick leave, and his place will be taken by Inspector Lloyd, of the Maryborough District, Sub-Inspector Durham, it is understood, will have charge of Inspector Lloyd's district. Amongst the other changes Sub Inspector Galbraith, for- merly of Rockhampton, but now at George- town, is sent to Gympie. In a euppb mont to the Uovernnwnl Gazette issued on Wednesday, it is notified, in accor- dance with the regulations already published, that an examination of candidates desirous of competing for admission to the ordinary division of the ciril service will be held on Tuesday, 1st of July next, and following days. The number of candidates required to fill probable vacancies before the next annual examination is declared to be thirty. Candi- dates must be over sixteen, and under twenty five years of age on the first day of the examination, uud must have resided in tue colony at least twelve months at the date of application. The Gazette contains other in- formation with referenoe to the conditions of examination, ¿tc. A serious aecldent happened to a man named Kim Bery, an engine driver on the Queensland Central Railway, early on Sunday morning. The driver of tho goods train which reaches Bogantungan at3'15a.m. was shunting into the siding, when the driver beard a man scream. He pulled up his engine, and getting down found Kimbery under the cowcatcher in front of the leading bogie. Assistance WSB at once procured, and it was found that Kimbery had sustained injuries extending from the groin down to the knee on one leg. The man was sent by special train to Springsure, where he wai ad- mitted into the Hospital. On account of the serious condition ho was in it was impossible to tell the extent of his injuries until some time after bis adniiseioa, but it is believed they are not of a fatal character. Kimbery was off duty when be met with the accident. How he oame tu be in such a place end position as to be caught in the manner , described he alone can tell. A full depart- mental Inquiry will be made into the matter, j The following (says the Brisbane Courier) is an extract from a preliminary report by the ' Government Meteorologist, Mr. C. L. Wragge, to the Honourable the Postmaster-General on the recent wet season and floods embraced in the period from 1st January to 1st April, 1890 :-" That the apparent irregularities of atmospheric circulation are subjeot to fixed cosmical laws, is but the scientist's belief ; however, in the present state of meteorological and solar physical science, it would be very rash were I to exprese myself strongly as to the causes which have produced the recent remarkable weather. I would, nevertheless, say that it appears to me to have been due to the unusual extension of the north- west monsoonal system, the isobars of which at times enveloped almost the whole of Australia, overlapping even the Great Bight, and producing for the time being almost a coast-tropical atmosphere in the usually arid regions of the interior. That such development of monsoonal energy was due to solar influencée there cannot, I think, be any doubt, since every form of energy manifested ia this planet must be derived from the sun, whence it sprung. To solar dis- turbances, therefore, I must attribute as a working hypothesis not only the re cent remarkable season in Queensland, but also the cyclonic storms, floods, epidemics, and other effeots which have obtained in other parts j of the world. While admitting that solar conditions must unquestionably modify the courses, tongues, wedges, and extensions of the great anticyclonic and cyclonic areaB of the earth, I must say that it is not only in the highest degree imprudent but impossible on existing data (accurately) to base long fore- casts for any small portion of the earth's sur- face on observations of solar disturbances, as such must at present partake of a very large element of uncertainty. I may mention that we shall be in a better position to increase the percentage of accuracy in our ordinary fore casts, and to extend them so as to cover several days, when the new observatories are established at Camoweal, Urandangi, Clon- curry, Burketown, and Georgetown ; also at Musgrave, Mein, and Macdonnell on Cape York Peninsula." Accompanying the report is a map of the colony showing the position, of the prinoipal townships and districts' flooded. The extent of flooding in towns is shown by the amount ot shading in a circle placed over the site of the town. Diagonal shading indicates approximately the regions of river basins flooded ; but these are not plotted to scale owing to insufficient data. The Premier (Hon. B. D. Morehead), says the Brisbane Courier of tbe 20th instant, re- turned from the south to Brisbane yesterday, and was busily engaged all day at his office, Treasury Buildings. When in Sydney Mr. Morehead had a long interview with Sir Henry Parkes, and several matters of inter- colonial importance were discussed. The best means of fortifying Thursday leland and King George's Sound ou the lines suggested by the Imperial Government was talked over. It was decided, we understand, that there should not be any conference of the com- mandants of thc Defence Forces of thc dif- ferent colonies with respect to this important eubjeot, but that the respective commandants should submit an independent report to their several governments, after which there will be an interchange of views between the Governments of the different colonies. As regards the coarse of action to be taken by the several Governments in tho appointment of delegates to an Australian Federation Con- vention, it bas been decided that New South Wales and Queensland shall act in unison in submitting resolutions to their respective Parliaments, No communication on this subject has SB yet been received from Mr. Gillies, but it ie confidently anticipated that he will agree to a similar arrangement on the part of Victoria. Some conversation took place between the two Premiers on thc matter of Kew South Wales making a charge for official telegrams from New Guinea, which pass through that colony, and Sir Henry Parkes promised, on behalf of his Go- vernment, that no charges in future eb'Uld be made for such tel, grame, thus placing Queensland, New South Wales, and Victoria on the same footiug with respect to them. As to the offer of, Mr. Smith Ellis, of .South Yarra, to make publio his knowledge of au effectual means for thc prevention of rust in wheat, on condition that he should receive a grant of £10,000 on its efficacy being demon stated beyond all doubt, which has been favourably entertained by the Governments of New -South Wales and Victoria, Mr. More- head informed Slr Henry Parkes that the Go- vernment of Queensland would be quite pre- pared tc contribute their share of any reward agreed to be paid, provided that the oompetl-. tlon for the grant was not confined to Mr. Ellis. Mr. Morehead is of opinion-and his opinion is, he believes, shared by Sir H. Parkes-that the proportion of the contribu- tion to be borne by each colony should be not on the basis of population, but on that of the acreage of wheat owler cultivation io the different oolonlei. An arrangement of thia kind, he considera, would be aa fair a one ai oould be come to In the interest! of this oolony, where the acreage of wheat agricul- ture is so very muoh leu than in any of the Southern oolonies. Mr. A. R. H. Pletzcker has been appointed Danish Consul at Brisbane. It will be remembered, says the Brisbane Courier, that when it was proposed some months ago to appoint Mr. Pietzoker, the Danish residents of Brisbane forwarded to their Government a united protest. No personal objection was urged against the appointment of Mr. Pietzoker, who is an oli and reepeoted oitizen ; but it was strongly desired that the oonsnl should be of Danish birth, and acquainted with their language. Two refrigerating oin have reoently been undergoing alterations is the railway yard, at North Ipswich, says the Queensland Times of the 26th, and the last of them will be com- pleted on Monday next. The first was one of Howllng's patent safeties, whioh wai im- ported from America about seven years ago, and whioh has been fisisbed for some time post. The other was invented, we under- stand, by a Mr. Tolson (who is interested in the importation of meat from Rockhampton) and has been called the " Commissioner's car." It was one of the old Tiffany style of patent oavs (well known in America), but has been entirely altered to suit this oolony's climate. Both cars will be sent out on Monday next, and an impartial test will be made of the two styles to ascertain whioh is the best adapted to Queensland requirement. We are requested to Dake publio the fact that Mr. James H. Gowdte baa been appointed manager of the Columbia Skating Riuk-not " Mr. John H. Gowdie, late manages for Beale and Company," ks waa stated last week. Epitaph.-At very early age I croaked, My health was always bad ( Club Hons* Cigars I never smoked, Just don't I only wi.h I had.-ADVT. "There's nought in life that's half so nice as Love's Young Dream," with the exception, if I must be quite candid, of the first Club House Cigar whiffed away in the enthusiasm of yonth.-ADVT. There waa a bitch in the wedding arrange- ments. He hadn't enough solid cash about j him to pay the clergyman's fees. He had a hurried confab with the cleric and oame out with a joyous face. "Saved, my darling," be fondly whispered ; " I gave him a few Club House Cigars instead of cash."-ADVT. " Kidney and urinarr trouble is universal, and the only safe and sure remedy ts Dr. änule's American Hop Bitters-rely on it." ADVT. By the ute of Ayet'e Sarsaparilla, the bloom of health may be restored to the system whioh has been enfeebled with disease. The best vitalizerend blood- purifier is Ayer's Sarsapa- rilla. Sold by all druggists.-ADVT. There has been a goos* deal of doubt ex- pressed lately, says a correspondent of the Daily Chronicle, as to the truth of the stirring story which credited Jsssfe Brown, at the relief of Lucknow, in 1857, with having heard the sound ol the bagpipes borne on the breeze, while the Highlanders were still muoh too far away to be aeen from the town they were approaching. The doubts have, how- ever, just set at rest ii a most unexpected manner. A lady has nade known the fact that Jessie Br.iwn, beloit ehe married a High- land soldier, waa in the service of her mother, who had often told the story of the bagpipes with a full belief In it; because Jessie had often given proofs of sinjularly acute hearing. The soldiers wife had, on ber return from India, related the story to ber former mistress. The second volume of " The Report on the Scientific Results " of tbs Challenger's voyage has recently been published, and it ls no with less interesting than its predecessor. The deep sea is inll of wonders. There are fish living 2600 fathoms down ; some blind, others almost eyeless, whioh are so compressed from tbs \ weight ot the water that when brought to the eurfaoe their bodies exianoV, Three miles down there is no light and «jo .change :of temperature. Being no light there fi no vegetable growth, and tbe. fish feed on each other-at least, so many of them as have teeth probably do so. Thoee without teeth, no doubt, feed on animalcule. From Professor Tait's experiments it seems that at a depth of six miles the sea is compressed »boat 620 ft. May this compression long continuo ; for should it cease something like 2,000,000 I sqnare miles Would be inundated. I Mr. G. A. Sala, in the course of an article upon "Swearing" in the Sunday Tima, I writes ¡-There are fifty reasons why the 1 vulgar, senseless, idle, unctuth habit of ' eu earing should be by every possible means : discouraged ; but if yon would seek for a . '. further argument against the silly, blackguard I habit, just ship yourself on board a P. aud O. ; or an Crient steamer, and you will find snob an argument at Melbourne, at Sydney, at I Brisbane, at Adelaide,'and, indeed. In moat j oities and townships in Australia* 'Tbs. Ans-1 ; traitant are a loyal, peaoeable, Gol fearing,1 law-abiding community, and, In process of time, they will attain literary aid artístlo culture i bot at the present theyrBsSjaffiloted ! with one mast noisome and social plague that of " larrikiniam V Tbs Antipodean ; "lairikin" is our '"Arry," plus the Oali ' fornian "hoodlum," phu the Nsw York ; "dead rabbit," plus the Parisian "voyou." ? Ono of the chief diversions of the "larrikin" : is to belch forth torreuts of abominable ; language at the street corners at .whioh he 1 loves to loaf, and he ia eipealaUy fond of ; cursing and blaspheming when there chanos ; to be any ladies passing by. I Commenting on the article on " Australia j from Another Point of View," whioh reoently , appeared in Macmillan'a Magazine, "North : Queenslander " writes to the Pall Matt Calcite: \- The next time the writer of the article on Australia in this month's Macmillan wishes to vilify and calumniate a whole community, it would be better if he were to go to some more reliable authority than his imagination for the "facts" on' which he bases his indictment. . Among other ridiculous etatementshe makes a obarge against the miners of Queensland, and i also against one of the Ministers of that colony, which I am able from personal 1 knowledge to deny in the most categoric I manner. The writer of tbe article In question ' informB bis readers " that In April4he miners ' in the Croydon goldfields In Queensland ex \ pelted the Chinese from among them, and i the Queensland Minister of Ltnds ordered : all Chinese not possessing authorised'holdings to leave the fields within a mouth." The real facts of the case are these. There waa at ' that time a considerable amount of exoite i ment throughout the colonies with respeot to i the Chinese question, and meetings were ' everywhere held at whioh resolutions were ! passed calling on the Legislatures to psss an Aot restricting the Chinese immigration. On the Croydon goldfield, where some 7000 miners were then assembled, a few of the more turbulent spirits among them j began making threats (ohlefly over the I whisky bars) of driving all the Chineas off the field, and burning down their hontes, ' A meeting of the local bench was held to consider the position, and although of opinion that there was no real danger of any , open notion, It was thought desirable to swear in twenty special constables, as there were only about seven police on the whole gold- field. No riot of any sort ever took place, tho eervioes of the special constables were never required, the excitement soon died a natural death, and John Chinamen remains in peaoeable possession of bit ttorei and vegetable gardent to thft day. As for the story of the Minister for Lands having ordered any of the Chinese to leave the field, lt la a simple fabrication without one word of troth in it from first to last, It would be easy to show that unless restrictions were planed ion the Immigration of Chinese to tb* oolonies, the danger was likely to become vSry «sal and very serious,'trat H would öosupy tao muoh of your span to's^ Ulssujth tats this question. At Bundaberg, th* Flood Belief Committee : here about £250 remaining after relieviog ; som» case* ; and not knowing bow to discover , more deserving oases, £200 of the fund has been planed at fixed deposit for six months, What to do with it six monthe henoe may be «Uli more puzzling. Ia the Sydney Bankruptcy Court hut week, the certificate cf Oyrus Herbert Doyle was suspended for six months. The Registrar said the bankrupt was a clerk in the employ of the Government, in reoeipt of a salary of £176 per annum, and yet he traded in mining shares in one year to the estent of nearly £4000, and made a loss of nearly £700. One hundred and thirty Welsh ladies took part with the men and boys of the ohoir in the singing at the St. David's Eve eervioe in St. Paul's. A rule of the cathedral forbade their présenos within the precinots of the choir, but the difficulty was successfully met, as places were arranged for them just outside. The festival was so successfully conducted that an endeavonr is to be made to convert it into au annual celebration. Inspector Murray, Cooktown, has wired to the Commissioner of Police at Brisbane that the supposed Freucb escapee, who was in the hospital there, died on Monday night, It will be remembered that about ten days ago two Frenchmen were found on the beach near Bedford Head, and brought to : ooklown by the police, as they were supposed to be escapees from Mew Caledonia. One of the men was much exhausted from want of food, and had to be removed to the hospital for medical treatment. Lady John Scott, sister-in-law of the late Duke of Buocleuch, who still survives at au advanced age at Kirkbank, near Jedburgh, in an interesting letter states that she oomposed the tune to " Annie Laurie," and also altered the words of the song to the form iu which they nuw stand. Tbe tune she had composed at an earlier date for an old ballad, " Kempye Kay." Lady John published it along with her version of " Annie Laurie " tn a collection shs issued for the benefit of the widows and children of the soldiers killed in the Crimea. The farmer who succeeds in these days of keen competition must be a twin of brain power, t o be snob he must cultivate physi- cal health by shorter hours of toil, and give more time to reading and to sleep. The farmer of to-day must make himself a busi- ness man, and put snap and energy into bis business. This he cannot do if he exhausts the human machinery by long hours ol dull, lifeless drudgery. Improved teams, machinery, and methods can be made tu accomplish more in ten honre than we have been need to doing in twelve to fifteen bonn. If we peraist in putting in long hours we either make up for it by weakening the human machinery or by working at a lower rate of speed, so that we do not aooomplish more than those who work shorter hours, A telegram from Albury rons:-A report from down the river states that very serious damage bas been done in some parts by the locuste. A letter from tbe neighbourhood of Barooga states that sheep are in a very low condition through the lack of feed. The condition of affairs ia mado all the more serions, aa there is no nourishment for either ewes or lambs, and so weak are borne ewes that the crows are picking out their eyes while they are lying on the ground too help- less to defend themselves. Across the run hundreds of sheep, too reduoed by hunger to walk, were seen. Mo general has been the plague throughout the district that it is use iesa to move stock, other places being as bad. Tbs Insects are flying towards Mulwala and Corowa, where grass ia plentiful and green. Mach interest (says the Manchester Courier) is evinoed in seien tifio circles by a discovery wbioh has just been made st Kew by Mr. D. Morris, the assistant director. Hitherto the sugar-cane has been produced from outtings or slips exclusively, as no one knew that there were such things as seed in the plant. After a long search, Mr. Morris has ac last discovered that each cane produces a number of seeds, from wbioh lt is possible to grow a variety of improved oanes, and it is antici- pated that by crois fertilisation and selection ol the best seeds a considerable increase will be made in the yield of sngsr in the tropical plantations. He instances the oase of beet, wbioh, when first introduced (or sugar-growiug purposes, yielded only about 6 per cent, but now, by the method of selection of proper seeds, it produces about 18 or 20 per oent of seooharlne juice. Tbe seeds of the osne have been discovered ut the paniole or flowery head of the cane, and the difficulty of finding them has been inoreased by the similarity of the altanes and the havie. It wa« only by the aid of a powerful microscope that the tiny seeds were detected, and a number of planta were exhibited at tbe lut meeting of the Linnean' Society, with the seeds attached. At Kew Gardens there are some plants about 9 in. high, whiob have been grown from seed obtained from oanes sent from the Barbadoea. The Importance of this discovery cannot be overestimated, aa it will tend to drive beet sugar out of the market. By collating the annually Issned "Judicial Statistics " for the decade 1879 to 1888 in olnalve, lt is seen that during that period 672 persons were oommitted for trial in-England and Wales for the crime of wilful murder. Of theta 299 were sentenced to death, whilst 873 were either acquitted or found insane- namely 231 aoqoitted, and 142 found insane. Of the 299 oomdemued to death, nearly one half, or 145, had their sentences commuted, whilst 164 were exeouted. Of the 299 sen ten oed oapiUlly 60 were women, of whom 9 were hanged. During the same decade there were 1766 verdiots of " Wilful murder " returned by the juries at coroners' inquests in England aud Wales. Hence rather more than one-third of the known murders resulted in arrests. In the above ten years, the oonviotions remiting from all cases of legal proosdure, including summary convic- tions and fines, averaged 79 per oent on committals ; whilst the convictions arising from oriminal trials or indio table offcncei only averaged 77 per oent. The capital convictions averaged 45 per oent ; bat the aotual iufluiiou of the punishment oi death was under 23 »er oent. - In the first year of the decade, 1879, there were 60 persona committed for trial for wilful murder, vi whom 31 were condemned and 16 hanged. lu the last year of that period, 1888, there were 98 peroone committed, of whom 36 were condemned and 22 executed. Readers of Mark Twain's works will have been amused by the aocuunts given of the methods-such at firing a cannon over the water-employed for bringing a drowned body to the surfaue. ' Similar superstitions and practices would appear (the Lancet says) to still survive in our own country. In Cam bridgeshire the body of a man is snpposed to have been in the water for over a week, but has not been found, although some of the villagers have paraded up and down the bank of the river, beating a drum vigorously, in the expectation that this would cause the body to float. In a similar oase, where a man was drowned in the neighbouring ooonty of Huntingdon, the body had remained em- bedded in the mud of the River Nene for over a month. A loaf of bread oontainlng gulcksilver bad again and again been thrown ito tbe river in order to make the body rise ; but tbe operation was not more effectual, and must have been considerably more expen- sive, then the drum- beating practised in tbe other oase. Ultimately a reward was offered, and an experienced waterman soon indicated the position to which the currents would most probably have carried the body, and on sesrohihg there it was disoovered embedded In the mud. At tbe inquest another curious local superstition wa* brought to light. An elderly man applied to the ooroner for per- mission to pisos his hand on the oorpse. Tbs reason for this singular request was that the oorpse had played an unpleasantly prominent part in his dreams of the previous evening, and he waa convinoed that actual oontaet with tbs body would offsotually prevent any ghostly visitations. On being questioned, he stated that lt was the custom in that dlstriot for persons to toaoh tba bodies et thtir âsoeased friends and relatives. In order to. provan*, their oontmg sm hidden ; Uto their thought or dreams. 