The Englishing of the * WorXd.° Prof. Sohaff, of Now York, devotee .the first chapter of hiVLiieraturoand Poetry" to es timating the probabilities of English becom ing tho world language of thofaturo. " The EngliBh," he says, "is taught as a regular branch of higher education in tho best college tind universities on the Continent of Europe, and in all commercial cities, and is rapidly ^aiuing ou tho Fronch. In Egypt it has acquired now strength. In Asia it follows the British sway and tho highways of oom incroe to tho vast empire of Eastlndia, with its 200,000,000 of heathen and Mahommedan inhabitants, who exhibit a growing desire to learn the language of their rulers. I havo heard converted Brahmins speak and preach in the purest Anglo Saxon It is largely used in the islands and sca-portB of China oven by native Chinoso, in a corrupt form, i It is firmly established in Southern Africa, I and exteuds every day with tho wideuing British settlements of tho Capo and western caasfc, including Sierra haone and Libera, It accompanics the British navy and merch ant ships to tho South Sea, and must ultima* tely replace tho barbarous nativo dialects of Australia, Now South Walos, Von Dieman's Land, Now Zealand, and tho Polynesian | group of islands, as the natives beooino I Christianized and civilised. Tho English ! has become tho Court language, A New York publisher is shipping overy year 50,000 American Bchool-books for the schools of Japan. Tho English classics ate daily read ing in countries of which Shakospearo and Miiton never heard, and by millooe who but recently were ignorant of the very existanoe of England. If wo look to the American hemisphere the same language prevails in all the British pos sessions of North Auerica from the Atlantio to the Paoifio, including a territory of over three millious and four hundred thousand square milos and a population of about five millions, and increasing very rapidly by emigration. It prevails in the British West indies and the Bermuda Islands. But what is still more important, the English is now, and must ever remain, tho specoh of tho great Anglo Saxon Eopublio, from Maine to California, from tho Northern Lakes to tho Gulf of Moxioo. Every other language, the Indian dialects, tho Spanish, tho Dutch, tho Danish, tho Sweedisb, the Fronch, and evon the German are being ewopt away by the ir resistible current of tbo English tonguo. lhe German and Scandinavian languagesaro gainiug in tho first generation by constant immigration, but in tho second or third gen eration they are losing; while tho English, without an act of tyranny or injustice to its neighbours, without an effort even, but by the mero silont power of its presenco, is daily gaining upon them. The English is also the language of the ooean. It is hotter understood and more widely spoken than any other tongue on the ships wbioh cross tho Atlantic or Pacifio, tho Mediterranean, the Suez C*nal, the Indian and Chinese Seas. Even on the Fjords of Norway and in the Gulf of Finland you will scarcely meet a oaptaia that cannot fluently converse in English. Tho Samoan Confer ence, held last year at Berlin, between Ger many, Great Britain, and tho United Slates i marks a new departure in the preference | given to English for diplomacy. Formerly tho Latin was used in international confer ences till 1878. But in tho Samoan confer ence, for tho first timo on tho Continent of Europe, tho English was exclusively used in the discussions and in the treaty—a signifi cant fact for the future. Tho English race surpasses all others in successful colonisation and commercial enterprise, and hence its language must inevitably become the chief organ of international communication. Well may we bid godspcod to the progress of the AngIo<Norman and Anglo- American tonguo as the ohief organ for the spread of Christian civilisation. Go forth, then, noble Saxon tongue, And speed the happy time When truth and religiousness shall reign In every zjne and olime j When earth's oppressed and savage tribes Shall oease to pino and roam, All taught to prize tho Eoglish words: Faitb, Freedom, Heaven and Home. - 