THE ENGUSHING OF THE "WORLD Professor Schaffj of 'New York, devotes tho - first chapter of his "Literature and Poetry" to estimating tbo probabilities of English - be coming tbo - world-langungo of tho future ThoEoghsh,"ho says, " is taught as a regular branch of hiK lcr education in tho best colleges and universities on tho Continent or Europe, and in all commercial cities, and is rapidly gaining on tho French. In Egypt it has ncfi quired now Btrcngtli. In Asia it follows tho British sway and tho highways of commerce to tho vast empire of East India, with its 200,000,000 of licnthcn and Maliommodan inhn- bitonta, who oxhibita growing desire to leora- tho languago of their rulers. I have heard con verted Brahmins speak nnd preach in tlio purest Anglo-Saxon. It is largely used in tho islands ana soa-ports of China even by nativo Chinese, in a corrupt form.- It is firmly established in Southern Africa, nnd extends ovory day with tho widening British settlements of tho Capo and western coast, including Sierra - Lconoand Liberia. It accompanies tho British navy and merchant ships to tho South Sea; and must ultimately replace tbo barbarous nativo dialects of Australia, Now South Walcs. Van Diomen's Land, Now Zealand, and tho Poly- neaiaa group of islands, as tho natives become Christianised and civilised. Tho ompiro of Japan is fast getting Anglicised and Chris tianised. Tho English has bccorao thoCourfc" language. A Now York publishor is shipping overy year SOjOOO American school-books for the schools of Japan. The English classics aro - daily road in countries of which Shakespeare ond Milton novor heard, niul by millions who but recently were ignorant of tlio very existence of Englund. If wo look to tbo Amorican hemisphere, tlio sarao latigutigo prevails in all tho British pos- soBsions of North America from tho Atlantic to tho Puciflo, including a territory of over three millions and four hundred thousand Bqiiaro miles and a population of about live millions, und increasing very rapidly by emigration. Ifc prevails in tho British West Indies and tho Bermuda Islands.". But what ia still more im portant, tho English is now, end must over remain, tbo speech of tho great Anglo Saxon Ropublic, from Maino to California, from tho Northern Lakes to tho Gulf of Mexico. Every other language, tho Indian dialects, the'- Spnnish, tho Dutch, tho Danish, the Swodish, tho French, and ovon the Gor man aro being swept away by tho irre sistible current of tho English tonguo. The German and Scandinavian languages pro gain ing m tho first generation by constant immigra tion, but in tho second or third generation they are losing ; whilo tho English, without on net of tyranny or injustico to its neighbours, without any effort oven, but by tno moro- silcnt power of its presence, is daily gaining upon them. Tho English is also tho languago of_ tho ocean. It is better understood anu more widoly spoken than any other tonguo on tho shipfl which cross tho Atlantic or Pacific, tho Medi terranean, tho Suez Canal, tho Indian and Chinese Sens. Even on the Fjords of Norway and iu tho Gulf of Finland you will scarcely, moot a captain that cannot fluently converso 111 English. Tho Samoan Comeronco, held last year at Berlin, botween Germany. Great Britain, and the United States, marks a now departure in the preforenco giv< n to English for diplomacy. Formerly tho Latin was used in international conferences and treaties, and is still used by tho Papal Court. Thon tho French took its placo and kept it inall inter national conferences till 18/8. But in'the Samoan Conference, for tho first timo on tho Continent of Europo, tho English was exclu sively used in tho discussious and in tho treaty —a significant fact for tho future. Tho English raco surpasses all others in successful colonisa tion and commercial enterprise, and lionco its languago must inovitably becomo tho chiof organ of international communication. Woll may wo bid godspeed to tho progress of tho Anglo-Norman and Anglo-Araorican- tongue as tho chief organ for tho spread of- Chrstinn civilsation. Qo forth, then, noble Saxon tongue, And speed tho happy timo When truth and righteousness shall reign In every zone and clime ; When earth's oppressed and savage tribes Shall ceoso to pine und ruam, All taught to prize tho English words : Faith, Freedom, Heaven, and Home. 