ROCKHAMPTON. TUESDAY, APHIL 15, 1890, THE ADMINISTRATION OF JUSTICE. Among the items of legal intelligence appearing in our columns, there bas cropped Op not infrequently of late the intimation that in such and such a criminal case Bet down for trial the Crown Prosecutor has declined to file a bill against the prisoner. Statistics on the point are not readily attainable ; but it is not without sound ground the opinion is hazarded that " no bill filed " is recorded oftener in the Rockhampton court than in any other in the Colony. Of course this may arise from the obtuseness of our magistracy, who are unable to adjudge accurately of the credibility or legal value of the evidence submitted to them, and relieve them- selves of doubt and responsibility by casting the onuB of saying whether there is a prima facie case against the prisoner on the Crown Prosecutor. Biit then, equally of course, this failure to prosecute may be the result of some prejudice, or crotchet, on the part of the Crown Prosecutor, and it would be well to have the point cleared up. Under the present practice either a number of men endure the indignity of committal for trial, and, if they cannot procure bail, suffer terms of imprison- ment more or less long, or, in a large number of cases, the guilty escape through a side door from the conse- quences of their crimes, to the no small discomfiture of the police ; the sore disturbance'of peaceable citizens, who look to be protected from evl doers ; and the great encouragement of those who prey OB their neighbours. It ts only by an examination of the evidence produced before the magistrates in some recent cases that the public can arrive at any opinion in the matter. In all, at the present sittings of the District Court, and the forthcoming session of the Supreme Court, no bill has been filed in three cases. One of these, that of the man Henley, will arouse no astonishment. From the first the evidence in support of the charge was excessively weak, and the magis- trates in sending .the prisoner for trial let it clearly be known that they fol lowed that course cot from any convic- tion of the prisoner's guilt, but from the opinion that in so serious a case they were not justified in assuming the re- sponsibilities of a grand jury. In the second case, that of arson, we must give magistrate and Crown Prosecutor alike the benefit of the doubt ; the evidence bas never been made public, except in a greatly summarised form. The third instance, however, occurred at our own doors. Dbe prisoner was sales- man for the Co-operative Asso- ciation at Mount Morgan. Are company got into difficulties, and an examination of the books revealed cer- tain discrepancies, concerning which the following statements were sworn to by several witnesses at the inquiry before tho Police Magistrate, and this evidence was not shaken on cross examination, and no rebutting evidence of any kind was submitted to the Court. Two accounts, one against a firm, and < the other against an individual partner of the same firm, were paid on 29th. July last, -by a cheque drawn by the firm for the gross amount-£9 3s.-and . a stamped receipt, signed by the sales- man, was received for the sum. On the ! same day the cheque was drawn it was ¡1 presented sit the Writ, and paid in cash j over the counter-one five-pound note, j ! four one-pound notes, and three shillings in silver being given in lieu of it-and the sum so pair] waB duly charged against the firm. These two accounts were marked " paid " in the day-book ; , but no trace of the cheque or cash having been received was found in any of the books, and tbe secretary, to whom the salesman should { have handed over all cheques and monies he received, swore that neither one nor other had been paid to him. ; Further, it waB no part of the salesman's duties to caBh cheques or do any bank- ing business ; that was all performed by the secretary. On being challenged with this discrepancy in his accounts, the salesman admitted that he had re- ceived the cheque in question and had cashed it, but could not explain how it did not appear in the bookB, He acknowledged that the secretary was in the habit of giving him a receipt for all , monies he received, and could not re» j member any instance in -which thia was not done, nevertheless he could not produce any quittance from the secretary for the missing amount Tbe dharge was embezzlement ; 'all - th&fh; statements, as has been stated, were sworn to in open Court, and yet no bill was filed. Which officer misapprehended the facts-the Police Magistrate vit» sent the prisoner for trial, or the Crown Prosecutor, who declared in effect that there was no evidence sufficiently strong against the prisoner to warrant him in asking a jury to pronounce upon the charge ? ThiB is not tho only instance which could be brought forward of a remark- able divergence of view between the Magistrate who inquired into a charge» and the Crown Prosecutor. Others,. equally astounding to that adduced, could be stated, but we prefer to take this, tho latest case. To what is this-. difference due ? Rumour bath it-and she is not always a lying jade-that our present Crown Prosecutor considers he - has been somewhat scurvily treated 'by Rockhampton juries, and has resolved to have as little as possible to do with them in the future. In other words,. for some fancied grievance, he has determined to give a general quittance to prisoners, on whose coses he sits as grand juror. This may prove very pleasing to the Grown Prosecutor, and quite enchanting to all criminals; but ts it comforting to the public, and does it satisfy tin- ends of justice t If the Crown Prosecutor has come to no such resolution he Ss mani- festly unfitted for his office. No unprejudiced man will maintain for a moment that in the facts we Ja»ve recited concerning the case under notice, there was not sufficient evidence to'go before a jury. If the case had been judged on its merits alone, the prisoner would yesterday have been placed on his trial, and that be was not to goes far to establish the belief that) in his. office as grand juror, the Crown Prosecu- tor of thc Rockhampton District Court takes into consideration other matters. than the evidence submitted to bim. Judging from the intermittent report* which come t.. hand, a great attempt will shortly be made to reach the long-neglected South Pole, and thereby edd something to the ature oi upeltsB knowledge already accumu- lated by the human race. Nobody anticipates ? that the Pole will dc of »ny practical service when it is dircovuri/ii ; hardly anybody ex- pects that it will IM- reached at all by the n.eans n->w at coraoiand i but the thirst to do something that un man ever did before, and to go wh.re no previous explorer - ever went is a consuming passion,'' and the fev. rish desire to know Keeps investiga gation constai.tly guiug. Polar exploration, so far, has shown a useful lack of originality. . If ibe centre of the frozen regionals «ver to- be reached, past experience suggests toot it-. must bc done either by navigating the air, or by diving under the ioy barrier, and travers- ing the depths of the ocean. < Some ' tow years ago, a daring Frenoh aeronaut volun- teered to attempt the passage to the:' un- attainable north in a balloon, but bis appeal for funds to fit ont the proposed expedition. . was received with a grin of imbecile derision,, and the grandest scheme of exploration : ever - proposed in modern times fell into oblivion. What science lost by its ignorant . conservatism no one at present oan> tell; possibly it threw away ?the.j key to the great mystery which.- the . world has been vainly endeavouring to solve - i torten centuries; possibly it only pre ven tod I the zoology of the Arotio regions ^scarring a . new addition in the shape of a frosen French- man petr.fied on. an aerial car,, and Jett to- . drift for years with the Pole StoVatoM-jilt head and the polar liear looking hingfflyAop. at him from below. Still later;1 aiMstsb. . peer- previously kn«wu to famé «hiendes OL brawny person, who borrowed another man'e.. wife, and cluhbed her hnsband 'When that small, tlijeoti-d individual proiested.J«gtlnet the arrangement- al erted out te traverse the northern wastes on foot. and. mora fortunate . than many of bia prodeoeasore, returned; tO> tell bow be failed to reach' bia daatináwD. Be bad been practically given up tor lost, when one day a husky, hatless/ shoeless, spectre, with a rc sty gun and a freien ear» and feet swollen to tbe elie ot á deeA Msg's* monument, plodded into an outlying Danish* settlement, and explained that' 1)euwss¡ a. nobleman of the Umpire, and tba* Whentbe ioe was scraped off him, and KU Mfmis reduced tn their normal dimenslDiMj! Matted at. seat in <l.e House of fjords, and a'Mara in the administration of the Brrtlstr'' Empire. The two lo'ent American expeditions ». tbe lands of ice came bask after eating «ojos of! their companions, and .found; ont .-BOtbing. that had not been found before. Tjhe expert ¡ti n rent out by Austriaesferal y ears ago, merely enriohed the map of the north by the discovery of franz Josef L&adi-a; howling: waste ot ioebmnd misery and nselsssness and. death, where the thermometer solidifies, and. the earth is impervious to anything short of dynamite, and even the human utterance: f reezes and hangi in a eolid'form about tba land, to be thawed out hythe pasiirigbrijath ol' summer, and come forth in unexpected Asser- tions and uulooked for remarks for tub benefit, of some stray whali-r or'Esquimaux.' Andi exploration io the far south h**"be*n even less profitable. A few exhausted Volcanic cones and a few n.ore that are stitt active £ sundry glaciers ; and possibly the bones ol some vessel which drifted from the -Indian. Ocean and never returned, are the most pro- mising products nf the country. Taking it ia its most favourable napeot polar navigation, never seems likely tn pay any dividends, .and the life and money that is spent on the asaron for a useless world »broad might be batter employed in looking fur another worhl closer at hand. The men who have spent fortunes in seeking for a pole that ia of no earthly use to anyone have never yet found out what un- known mysteries lie ten mites down beneath their feet, and yet the unknown secret ot Creation may be hidden there among the< fossils of an earlier man than science eves dreamt of even in the wildest visions of its. votaries. There were no oases for hearing at the Police Court yesterday morning. At 9 a.m. yesterday the rainfall recorded! for tbe previous twenty-four hours waa: St. Lawrence, 008 in.j Nebo, 0-05 in.; ?Mary- borough, 0-04 in ; Inskip Point, O'lS in. Threatening weather voe reported elsewhere,, but no rain. Yesterday the weather lu tow ni waa fine. .0 / A telegram waa received by the Mayor yea terday announcing that Alligator Greek Bridge ia now oroaiable, The ' Gogango Divisional Board have received advices that the flood in the river has destroyed the ap- proach to the Gavial Creek Bridge en the boiling-down works ride, and the Board have closed the bridge to traffic. A bushman named William GfUeipie was arrested at the Mssonio Hotel yesterday after- noon by Constable Winder. Themenjbad been drinking heavily, «nd after creating a dis- túrbanos he pointed a revolver ot MrW. Pers- house, the wife of the proprietor.' ' Be was Çromptly secured until the' jMUbe'asrivsd. he revolver, opon ettmuatfoOt'-WU'Tsond to oontain an empty cartridM/'and 'some full ones were taken from his person. Whan 8ir Thomas M'llwraith, says the Britbant Courier, came into power about two years ago, he determined, on behalf ol the party whioh he then led, that Parliament should meet for the trans- action of business in May, or at a periods antecedent to the close of the finanoial year. The object was that there should be restored to the Legislative Assembly that control over expenditure which for many years had been lost. Owing to the later meeting of Parlia- ment it was argued that a considerable amount of indebtedness had acorued to the oountry overwbioh the representatives of the people bad no actual oontrol. There is, however, little obanoe of Parliament meeting thia year until late in June. After an abaeuoo from the colony extend- ing over five months Sir ThomsB M'llwraith returned to Brisbane on Wednesday, says the Brisbane Courier. The rest sud change which he sought In visiting the other colonies ?ave been very beneficial, and be has come back quits restored to health, and able onoo more to enter upon the active discharge of bia legislative and other duties. Sir Thomas M'llwraith spent three of the five months in New Zealand, whioh he traversed almost from end to end. He also visited and briefly so- journed in both New South Wales and Vic- toria, All through be lcd a quiet and retired life. Hie trip had no politicul object in view, and waa simply that »f an ordinary visitor. He, however, travelled much, taw a good deal, and, as he pot it to a representative of this journal last evening, learned many lessons. More than that he did not care to say, except to hint that what he had learned would in the future be turned to practical purpose. It was, he said, some fifteen ytars eince he had been in New Zealand, and lie was much impressed with the changes and the progress which time had wrought, The magnificent climate and the great resources of that colony tempted him to say that New Zealand was the best eountry in the «or ld. vv ithout entering into details or expressing an opinion, he pre- dicted à most prospercus future for New Zea- land. During his Btsy there be enjoyed very robust health. The Harbour Matter (Captain Sykes) re- turned in the Fitzroy last evening from bis usual monthly supervision of lighthouses and stations connected with thia port. He fonnd everything satisfactory, and working well. The health of all the lightkeepers is good. , Mr. Picking, the superintendent, oarue up in the Fitzroy on his annual leave. At Cape Capricorn everything was in good order, and at Port Alma the lightkeeper reported that from the 12th March to the 11th April only one day .passed without heavy showers. On tb e.pass age to the North Reef the fresh flood water of the Fitzroy was well defined, being about twelve miles off land. Coming up the river Captain Sykes took soundings at the different crossings and flats, and although at the present level of the water, and with the strong current running, nothing can be stated definitely, he was convinced that excepting the bar at .Rocky Point and the Upper Flats, all the crossings have been improved by the flood. scour., Very extensive slips have occurrpd on the river bank abreaat of tbe Pirate. iBank, the Satellite Channel, and at Central Island, and especially at the Devil's Elbow, which is now a muon more modified curve than was the case previous to the 40000\. The sandb.uk at Pirate Point has been carried well down the river. It was impossible to get good soundings at the bar at Rockv Point or the Upper Flats. To-morrow th» Fitzroy will go down the river for the Ocoe of replaolng the misplaced buoys and ng marks, and carefully sounding the channels, Tbe Q.G.6. Otter arrived in port early on Tfiursflay morning from Kockbampton, lavs tbe Brisbane Courier, having on board oap tain-Byron and a detachment of the Per- manent Artillery, together with the greater portion of the oarop equipment from the en .oampment reoently held at Krna Park for the troop« of the Central district. The flooded condition of North Rockhampton rendering it « dlffiotlt and dangerous matter to embark the -eouipment on the Otter, determined the Commandant to endeavour to place it on beard at-tftnu Park, «ad, in accordance with rte ti UUtluna received by wire, ('«ptain Hen- derá''xi proceeded there trout Koifcliampton un Mohday'evening last, the current in the Fitz roy being a» strong that on the downward trip thirty-eight miles were ruo in a little le s than two hours. On arrival at Emu Point, the Otter made fast to the blaok buoy there, "ibónt three, quarters of a mile from the beach, and the work of embarking the stores «nd camp equipage by means of boats was commenced at 8 a.m. on Tuesday and com- pleted by midday. Colonel French, Major Des "Voux, Captain Byron, and Mr Gilligan ^barked at the same time, together with ítafriél-geente Rigby, Byrne, and Newton, and" tte detachment of the Permanent Artillery. Maryborough was reached shortly ' *«tore"ir«.m. the next day, where Colonel PreSCti<Snd'Major Des Voso* disembarked io «traer to" carry out the annual Inspections in th* "Wide Bay district, the Commandant ptbj^dn 1» Gympie and Major Des Voux to mnOafesrg the same afternoon. The Otter grated herself a thoroughly good sea boat during the trip, and made the run from Maryborough to Brisbane in about sixteen atad'a^alf bears. .An'.^Diurd rumour was freely spread over Ü¡e tow* yesterday that the Government In mçtobo&il; Bridges, Mr. A. A. Brady, had, «pon Inspection, condemned the Fitzroy Bridge as being utterly unsafe for traffic, and advised Its immediate olosure. A further report was that several of the cylinders on >. the down side of the stream had been found snaterialjy damaged. The facts do not .srafraut such statements. When Mr. Brady arrives) haze yesterday morning by the s.s. Aramac, he placed himself in communication .witb çte lopal authorities ; but eo far be bas SJ« examined either the bridge or the damaged, cylinder sufficiently to enable him ,fc> found,a report upon it. In the afternoon "the Mayor the Town Surveyor (Mr. Parker, C fil, the Hon. W. Pattison, and Mr. Sidney Wibjianu. met at the bridge, and an informal discnsslon took place. During the next few days a minute inspection will be made, not only'of: the damaged cylinder, but of the whole strnoture. Tbs flood waters have sub elded sufficiently to allow cf this being done. A cursory'elimination made yesterday dis- closed the fact that the foundations of the nier winch has subsided have either been washed »way or materially damaged ; '.od obmpetent anthoritie» lead Ul to "believe ' that lt will coat close upon £5000 to put the bridge ia repair again. The work will not neeeaiarily take more than tb ree or/our month», however, Ko definite »tate ment hu yet been made on the subject, but (she municipal authorities are giren to under stand that th« Government will look to the thna local bodies who sre responsible tor the maintenance of the bridge to bear the prin- cipal eost of repair. A measurement taken by the Town Surveyor yesterday morning .hawed that the broken cylinder hid sub- sided a quarter of an ¡nih since Saturday. Ur. Brady has arranged to meet Mr. Byerley this morning and go carefully through the plans «nd aipeclfioations. Divers will com- mence operations to-morrow morning to ascertain the extent of the damage to the Banken cylinder. The Traffic Manager of tte'Emil Park Railway nae informed tbs General Traffic Manager (Mr. Thallon), that the accident to the Fitzroy Bridge affects traffic CD the Ema Perk line very serionsly. He eamnged with the Mayor of Rockhampton for a »team launch to ply between Rock- hampton and North Rockhampton, and thought that representations should be made to the Oof eminent to have the bridge re- paired without delay, in order that the loss of revenue on the Eura Park line may be .verted. He added that tbs Corporations of thaHtwtf? municipalities ud the Gogango .sBiHsssAhl Board were not likely to take any steps beyond effecting'ssnjaorory repairs to (Uro ride for pedas trian tramo only. At the lut weekly meeting of the members of the Exeouttve Committee of the Rockhampton branch of the Separa- tion League the business was confined almost entirely to the consideration of the petition to Her Majesty. VariouB altera- tions and amendments were suggested. Since the meeting the Sub-CommitUc appointed to prepare a petition from the various draits. met, and after much consideration and duly weighing every clause, completed their labuurs. The petition is now drafted, and will be sub- mitted to the Executive Committee to-morrow, and to the quarterly meeting of the General Committee to be held on Thursday, the 1st May, ,at the 8obool of Arte. At the same meeting the report and audited balance sheet of the Executive Committee will be submitted for adoption and the Committees of the branch leagues will be requested to send deputies to attend the meeting for the purpose of giving them an opportunity of expressing their opinions rotative to the petition, and upon Other matters oonneoted with the movement.^ v. 'The North Rockhampton bore ia no» down 800 ft., but the workmen have been very much hampered by the recent wet weather. In fact, the driving has been BO much kept back by the rain that the men have not been able to have one full wcek'e work since they com- menced to drive. Toe bore is now working in a black schist, and 70 ft. of casing has been put down. The distance contracted for is 2500 ft., BO that there yet remains 1700 ft. to be sunk before the depth agreed upon by th« Government is reached. The party first struck water at 123 ft., about tho same level as the river bed, but the water was very salt. When they had reached what is approxi- mated as being on a level with the foundation of the cylinders to the Fitzroy Bridge a black basalt rock was met with. After driving through it about 5 ft., which is the depth of the formation, a gravel bed was reschnd. This was at a depth of from 195 ft. to 107 ft., and good water was struck, but it would not rise to the top, and was not what ie known as an artesian supply. Th« preBent indications oi the formations through ubicb the bore ls penetrating are considered very favourable for rinding artesian water. The rumour which had been circulated that the b»re had gone through a seam of coal is false. Mr. ïfmith, the Government supervisor of the work, informs us that had coal been found lie would think there waa very small chance of meeting with a permanent artesian water supply-in fact the prospects would be very remote. The formation was shale, and that was probably how the rumour got about. Mr. Smith did not think there was any cual anywhere about the locality. The formation, to »peak more accurately, consisted cf decomposed serpentine and talu, and the talc as oontrary to coal was a good sign of water, as it was a sedimentary deposit. No pure bard basalt-rook suoh as is used on th« roads had been met with so far in the drive. What stone had been touched of that character was artificial and more or less pounded and disintegrated. The returns of the payments which bave bean made in connection with the March rents are not as yet completed, says the Bris- bane Telegraph, but returns have ta come in from only . few of the outlying districts. The following amounts have been co'lected by the land agents iu the various districts up to dose: Aramac, due£2216 4B, 8d., received £1603 ls. lOd.i Beenleigh, due £91110s. 10d., received £631 19«. 7d.¡ Bowen, due £803 17s. 4d" received £735 12s. ld.; Brixbane, due £7910 4s. 2d., received £4749 2s. Gd.; Bundaberg, due £2902 17a, ld., received £1671 19s. 8d.; Cairns, due £2483 7s. 10J., received £327 Os. ld.; (a little over J) ; Charleville, due £867 10a. Sd., received £134 10s. lld. (under |); Clermont, due £371 15s. 61, reoeived £263 13s. 7d.¡ Cooktown, due £1028 13s. ld., received £740 7s. 10d.; Cunnamulla, due £2411 15s. 9d., received £1271 Os. 8d.; Dalby, duo £2514 6s. 3d., re- ceived £1764 19s. ; Gayundah, due £741 11s. 4d., received £697 17s. 9d.; Gladstone, due £1317 8s. 8d., received £295 4i. ld. (under i)¡ Goondiwindi, due £816 16s. 4d., reoeived £619 3s. 3d.; Gympie, due £3545 9s, 8d , reoeived £2559 13s. 3d.; Herberton, due £1109 168. lld., received £695 9a. lld.; Hughenden, sot complete ; Ingham not yet in ; Inglewood, due £198 10s. 7'1, received £363 19s. 5d.; Ipswich, due £5753 8s., re- ceived £3816 ls. 8d.; IsUford, due £98 12s. 6d., received £32 ; Leichhardt not yet in ; Maokay, due £ô336 6i. 8d., received £3639 ; Maryborough, £665 10a. lld., reoeived £492 6*. lld.; Mourilyan not yet io; Nanango, due £1772 3s. ld., received £1008 Os. 5d.; Normanton, due £363 16s. 10d" received £64 6s. 6i.; Port Douglas, due £933 16a. lld., reoeived £165 5s. 6d. (under J) ; Rockhamp- ton, due £7008 18s. 3d., reoeived £688 8s ld ; Roma, due £2414 19s., reoeived £124013s. Iud.; Springsure, due £169910s. 8d., received £1384 9s. 4d.; Stanthorpe, due £549 17a. 2d., reoeived £»17 13s. 4d.; St. Lawrence, due £100716s 4d., reoeived £924 14s. 10d.; Surat, due £601 13s. Si., received £196 is. Sd ; Tambo, due £2659 19a. 2d.; received £2091 8s. 3d.; Taroom, due £93 17s. 6d.,'received £45 17s. 6d ; Teningering, due 6s. 91, re- oeived 6s. 9d.; Toowoomba, due £4221 la. 3d., received £2765 16s. 8d.; Townsville, due £588116>. 4d., reoeived £382013«. ; Warwick, due £2951 3s. 8d" reoeived £2863 17s. 5d. Total demand, £81,956 2s. 8d.; total reoeived to date, about £60,000. The following official report of the divers engaged In the survey of the wreok of the Quetta, was read before the Marine Board of Inquiry : - Thursday Island, 17th Maroh, 1890\. We, the undersigned marine divers, have, at the request of Messrs. Burns, Philp, and Co., Limited, agents for the Queensland Royal Mall Line, made a oareful submarine survey, extending over seven days, of the wreok of tbe s.e. Quetta, and have to report BU follows:-We found the wreck to be lying in position south 60 deg. west from Cambridge Point, distance six cables, and the same dis tanoe-that ie six oables-N.W. by N. from the rook on whioh she struck, in between thirteen and fourteen fathoms of water at dead low tide, and fifteen fathoms at high tide. On examining the wreck on the bottom we found the hull to be lying on its port side on a very uneven bottom, and heading east south-east. The vessel is lying right over on ber beam ends, the awning ridge chains on the port aide being about breast high from the ground. Masts, rigging, funnel, deck bouses, ft., all standing intact. Hatches are off. Decks appear to oe sound, but owing to their being in a perpendicular position, it was diffi- cult to examine them minutely. Boats : We found one boat in the port after davits : the after fall had been let go, and abe was slung by the forward fall only. Hull : owing to the position of the vessel, we were unable to examine the port side at all. We made a dose examination of the starboard side, and iirooeeding from the stern of the vessel orward, and found as follows :-Commencing about the misen rigging, the bottom about the third, fourth, fifth, and sixth plates from the keel is badly scraped for about thirty feet. Forward of this for about another thirty ieet the above plates are badly dented and bulged in (in some places to the extent of 8ft. or 4ft.) The endB and edges of the plates started out, having drawn over the rivet heads. Forward of this, end in the seme line of injury commencing about the eDgine-room, and exttndiog thence forward the full length of the vessel, is ahuge cavity of the width of two, and some places three plates. This hole is a clean out, one plate'o framing and every- thing being completely gone, aa if cut out. We oould see no sign of the missing portions about the ship ; wa looked into the cavity, but oould not distinguish anything. The above is the extent of injuries discernible, but the whole of the hull appears to be badly twisted and strained throughout. We saw no sign of cargo anywhere, but a small quan- tity of oool was lying alongside the vessel, whioh had probably ooma from the bunkers. Owing to the great strength of the tides where the wreok Iles, diring work nan only be oondnoted with difficulty and danger, and wt ara strongly of opinion that the cargo in tho ihip could not be got out by divers without incurring expenses which would render the work unremunerative to the salvors.-(Signed) J. TOLMAN, M. C. ANDEE EON. The Central Railway has been proved all right in the recently damaged places, and ordinary traffic has been once more resumed. In a supplement tn the Government Gazette it is announced that Lieutenant W. G. Thompson of the Rockhampton Mounted Infantry has been appointed to bc a captain provisionally. A committee mooting of tho Rugby Union will be he'd to night, when among other busi- ness tho report of the sub committee ap- pointed to inquire into certain allegations «ill come up for adoption. The Fitzroy has subsided within its hanks. Yesterday the Deepwater and Railway ? Wharves were out of the water, and the other wharves were only just awash. The water ia now too lou' to allow vessels to come alongside the High Level wharf. At the second performance of " The Band of Fate " by the Criterion Dramatic Com pany at tbe Theatre Royal last evening there was a very fair attendance. This evening the programme ie changed, and " The Vendetta, or Barnes of New York " will be played. The steam tender Taldora remains high and dry on the bank opposite Central Island, and yesterday afternoon her keel was lying at a level of about 4 ft. above the surface of tho water. The measures necessary to get her off have not y t brm decided on, but the work of floating will undoubtedly be costly.] Among other places Kington hoe beso visited with a phenomenal rainfall during the present year, within a fraction of 100 inches being the return for the first three months ; over twenty-seven itches fell in two nights and one d iy. Such a fall, of course, caused heavy floods, and ct one time the decking of Jim Crow bridge over Mount Hedlow Creek was quite six feet under water. Mr. Shelton, Instructor in Agriculture, has left on a tour of inspection in the Northern portions of the colony. He expects to be absent from Brisbane about a month, and will during that time visit the various agricultural centres, converse with thc farmers with renard to the special requirements of the different districts, and, if requested to do so, deliver lectures where meetings of the farmers on be organised. We hope he will let us know «hen he ls comiug to Rockhampton. The following lands will be open to selection at the respective land offices cn and after the 2nd June next :-Grazing Farms (marked off under 44th section) :-Aramac district : Open to selection at the Court House, Barcaldine, 9 farms, ranging in area from 4500 acres to 10,0U0 acres, in the parish of Jericho, on the resumed parts of Edwinstowe and Burgoyne runs. Blackall : 5 farms, ranging in Brea from 1870 acres to 2750 acres, parish of Geera, on the resumed part of Home Creek run. In the Insolvency Jurisdiction of the Supreme Court, Brisbane, on Wednesday, before the Chief Justice, in the matter of Charles B. Needham, late of Rockhampton, insolvent, and at present a confinée in her Majesty's gaol, Mr. Long appeared to move that the insolvent should be allowed to pass his last examination and be discharged from cuetody. Formal evidence having been given by the insolvent, fae was declared to have passed his last examination and was ordered to be released. A well-attended meeting of the members of the Central Queensland Rowing Club was held last evening in the European Hotel. Mr. Lin th waite was in the ohair. It was decided to order from James Edwards and Co., of Melbourne, a carvel palr-oared boat, and also a clinker sculling boat, which were to be in Rockhampton by the let of July, to allow the representatives of the Club time to Srepare for thn anuual regatta. The Pres! ent and the Captain were appointed a Committee to arrange with Mr. Wilson for a plan for alterations and repairs to the club's shed. A meeti ig of the Friendly Societies Spotts Committee waa held last night. After de- bating the suitability of various grouuds for some time it was decided to hold the sports on the 24th May, in tho Agricultural Show Grounds. It was agreed that there should be two public booths iostead of one as hereto- fore. The programme was amended in cxrtain particulars, and will be published ina few days. The ground committee will at once commence to prepare the tracks and get the ground in order, applications are coming in fast now for consultation tiokete and 4000 are already sold. Nominations have been received from sprinters at Croydon, Charters Towera, Gladstone, and Maryborough, and the Committee are led to believe that some of the Sydney runners will enter. At the Brisbane City Police Court on Wednesday, Ada Waruingham, an remand, answered to her bail on a charge of arriving in the colony as a free immigrant, with the intention of unlawfully immediately leaving the colony. Ellen Henderson, a single girl, residing at Kangaroo Point, deposed she became acquainted with the defendant es the steamer Quetta was leaving London in Lie osmbsr last for Queensland. The defendant landed at Townsville. George Robert Towns- end, the statistical clerk in the Immigration ' Office, Brisbane, produced the Agent-Gene ral'a list of pasiongers by the steamer Quetta leaving England on the 12th December, 1889. The name Ada Waruingham appeared thereon as a free immigrant. The Quetta arrived at Townsville on or about the 29th January last. On being charged by the Bench the defendant aaid she had nothing to say in reply, and was fully committed to take her trial at the next sittings of the Southern District Court to be held ou the 21st instant. Bail allowed, her- self in £20. The autumnal sittings of the Central Dis- trict Court were opened at ten o'clock yester- day morning before His Honour Judge Miller. The criminal jurisdiction af the Court I occupied all day, and will be resumed to-day ; there are only two priaonera to sentence, however, Mr, C. B. Fitzgerald prosecuted' on behalf of the Crown in room of Ms. P. Real, the Crown Prosecutor for this district, It was his first appearance in the Central District Court, and Mr. Fitzgerald has the' honour of being the youngest Crown Prose- cutor ever seen here. None of the caaes ware of an important nature. There were three defended oases altogether, and two of these were oonoluded before luncheon. One jury, that in the oase of Edward Behan, charged with larceny, were absent over an hour beforo they could agree, and from what1 could be beard of their proceedings in Court afcer they had retired, they were having a very lively time of it. The whole of the time they were supposed to be discussing their ver- dict shrieks of laughter could be beard pro- ceeding from the jury room, leading those outside to suppose there were some wits in- cluded in that particular panel. Whether hilarity or justice won the day it would be hard to say, but the prisoner had the good fortune to be acquitted. A spectator in Court -who was stated to be the accused's father was ao thoroughly in acoord with the verdict that he clapped his hands when the foreman delivered it, Judge Miller sternly remarked "Ii that thing ooours again I will order the person who commits it to be arrested." There are two priaonera for sentence thia morning, one being George Davis, who, under the olio» ot "The Welsh Laddie," attracted some attention in athletic and polios circles sums time ago. In the Matrimonial Causes jurisdiction of the Supreme Court on Wednesday, before His Honour, the Chief Justice, sitting a« Judge in Ordinary, in the matter of Connolly », CoonoHy. Mr. E. M. Lilley (.Instructed by Messrs. Petrie and O'Shea) appeared for the petitioner. There was no appearance on behalf of respondent. His Honour delivered judgment as follows :- In this case I do not intend to recite the circumstances of the oaso as proved before me. My own rule, seldom departed from in matrimonial causes, ia to avoid as far as possible the repetition of a story which is always disagreeable ind often- times nauseous. Therefore I make*no obser- vations whatever on the facts of this caso, but come to a determination ob the issues as a jury would have done, I find that the wife is entitled to judicial separation, and I deoree that. I also decree »limuuy at the present rate until further or other order. There may be a change of circumstances-either an in- crease of menoB on the part ol the wife or the husband-which will require a departure from or some modification of the present order. Therefore I leave the matter open so that ap- plication may be made at any time, by either < party, that circumstances call for it. The respondent, of course, will have to pay bia wife's costa. Judgment: Decree judicial I separation, alimony until further or other order, respondent to pay his wife's costs. 