— : — ♦ — CABLE MESSAGES. THE VICTORIA!} LOAN. London, April 17. Then were 800 tenders received for the Victorian Iran, the total amount subscribed being £13,600.000.' Tenders mt £101 Ss.fiO. vffl fee allotted 50 per cent of the amount tendered for. those above tbmt figure wfll re ceive their amounts in full. The official aim -nnoemeol of the result of Uu loan atotea that the avenge price realised £101 10a. M. The loan is now Helling at a preminm of £1 17a. 6d (£101 17«. 6d.) A syndicate tendered for £3,500,000 of *he Victorian loan. Londok, April 18. The floating of the Victorian Loan is now regarded as assured at a preminm of lg per oent, and it is expected the tendering will be heavy. The Victorian Loan is covered largely at » premium of 36s. Eight hundred tenders for portions, amounting in all to a total of £18,000.000 have been received. Tenderers for £600.000 at £101 9a. 6d. will receive 50 per cent, of the loan. It is expooted the average will be 31s. A syndicate has tendered aevaral mfUkms at £101 9a. 6d. The official average ii given at £101 10s. Sd. The scrip ol*be loan S selling at a premium of 37a. 64. .THE WEST AU TBALIAN BILL. ttOKDOK, April 18. «rT.Co6kbnrn Campbell stated before a imetjngofthsColonlsation Committee that the eastern oolonlBs attached niore importance to the necessity for West AMtraHa having self gOvBummtt tnan the people owning the 'settle* ments in and aronnS Perth. In England the opimoowasthattheinterestinf Rnglanasbtmld be oonxiderea a. 'against those tfAmrtralia. The Imperial 'reservation of Albany 'for lie purposes of defence, and its Tveaent defence Uaa coodition,;were a standing menace to the agonies, who desired that 'nutted ' Australia shoola lie able to repulse either the French or Ing Perth. These optaJom surprised the finmrhlttrr ? -. . . The ColonMng Committee wfll examine the AgentaSGeneral on Thursday on the West Australian question. Mr. Parker has in formed the Committee that the West Aus tralian TCn»Wing jjfll Committee have dis agreed with Sir T. Cockbnrn- Campbell'a opinions regarding the reservation of Albany. They have no objection to \lhsny as another Gibraltar. It was imperative that the Parlia ment in Perth should have tie control of the 'northern lands, unless a new colony was creab-d. Be suggested that there ahouU be '?'?'f*''— - preventing the immigration of AngjoJOblnese subjects. Mr. G.Giflen, statistician to the Board ot Trade, informed the Colonisation Committee that ft is almost visionary to talk of an im mense scheme for British emigration. THE JOCKEY CLUB. London, April 17. Mr. J. H. Honldtworth has been elected one of the stewards of the Jockey Club, in the place of the Bight Hon. J. Lowther, who has resigned. ? 'FAUST.' Lovdon, April 17. Madame a*****^ the Australian prima donna, appeared in Paris last night as *? Marguerite** in the opera of 1( Faust,' She achieved . the greatest success. Madame Aneiina Patti repreaented one of the charac ters. THE PRESIDENT AND THE QUERN. London, April 17. It Sadi Carnot, the French president, passed through Aix les Bains, where Queen victoria is staying, and proceeded thence to Marseilles without paying a visit to Her Majesty. THE STORM KING. London, April 17. The lifeboat Storm Sing, in which Captain Jftiypf^ff ' «wH«j» - g»y«p-«™ Australia, has left Capetown for Melbourne, THE PAN.AMEEICAN CONGRESS. London, April 17. The 'Pan-American Congress, which has been sitting for months past, and at which all the states of North and South America were represented, U generally recognised to be a failure. The proceedings of the congress have virtually been without result. THB PORTUGUESE RAILWAY LOAN. Lokpok, April 17. The proposed Portuguese railway loan has proved a fiasco. BIOTS IN SILESIA. London. April 17. The miners in Silesia (Prussia) have organised serious riots, which had to be quelled by the military. CAPTAIN KANE. London, April 17. Captain Kane, of H.HS. Calliope, which has retnmed to England, hM been paid off He is an applicant for t&e; 'command of the gunnery ship ^^t^II''^ stationed at Ports mouth. BREACH OF PROMISE. Lokdok, April 17. Miss Haynes, a young dancer, claims £5000 from Sir George Elliott for breach of promise. Lobbon, April 18. The jury have disagreed in the Elliott case. London, April 22. Miss Hare, the plaintiff is the breach of promise case against Sir George Clliott, in which the jury were unable to agree, intends to make an application to *have the case retried. THE CZAR'S PALACE. Lokdon, April 17. T3ie Czar's ***'»n palace in Finland has been burned to the gronnd, and seven people were killed. THE BRITISH BUDGET. Londok, April 17. The Bight Hon. G. J. Goschen, Chan cellor of the Exchequer, in his Budget speech, estimated the expenditure for the current year at £86,857,000. The avail able surplus of receipts over expenditure was estimated at £3,549,000. A coinage fnnd to restore the valne of depreciated gold had been established, and credited with £600,000 arising out of the Mint profits on circulations in gold and silver. The duty on silver plate had been remitted to the extent of £80,000, and the duty reduced to 4d. peroz. The duty on currants had been reduced to 2s. per cwt.s Greece making important concessions on that article. The house duty had been reduced by £540,000. Several minor reduc tions had been made. The duty on British and foreign spirits had been increased 6d. per gallon, which,' with the additional beer duty impnswd last year, had been handed over to the local authorities. THEIMPJSRIAL INSTITUTE. London, April 17. : It has 'been decided ' that the permanent governing body of the Imperial Institute shall inclnde thirty-nine Colonial members, the North American colonies being represented by eleven, the principal Australasian colonies by twelve, Africa by three, the other Colonial rnniirriirinnfij including the Fiji T&mnA;*t 9, Tasmania and Western Australia one each, and the other parts of Australia, two. THjS POSTAL RAT US. London, April 18. The ChaiiceQor of t&e; Sxchetiusr spe&kinc; in the House of Commons to-day, said he was prepared to reduce the pnstal rates to India and the colonies. The British Govern ment would concur in any profit, but he estimated tie loss at £800 per annum. The colonial officials in favour of a postal deduction are under the impression that New South Wales will accept and the other colo nies decline. CONSTANCE KENT RELEASED. London, April IS. Constance Kent, the perpetrator of the ?T»«j| mu^er has been released. CTVIL CONFLICTS. London, April 18. A conflict between the military and minen took place at Witkoaritz. Sixty of the Utter have been arrested and three killed. The prisoners attacked the prison sentries and twenty escaped. TEE TRUST AGENCY COMPANY. Londok, April 18. The Trust Agency Company of AastT&l;&sia; have declared ft dividend and banns of 22J per °*THB BIMETALLISM CONFERENCE. Losdon, April 18 Mr. Smith's motion in favour of an inter national conference to consider the adoption of bi-metallism was negatived by a majority of 96. Mr. Balfoor and Mr. Webster tap ported the motion with Mr. Smith, but Sir William Harconrt opposed it. Mr. Goschen approved of the principle, bnt doubted its practicability. GERMAN DESIGNS ON ST. PETERS BDBG. Lokdon, April 18. There ia great excitement in St. Petersburg in consequence of an anticipated German naval attack. It has been found that plane of Cronstadt have been aold to the German navy by a traitorous officer named Pleasidly, who has hurriedly left. THK EQUATORIAL PROVINCES. Lokbon, April 18. Father Schynee, whom Stanley rescued in Uganda, baa published a pamphlet declaring that Stanley's real object was to utilise Emin Pasha's forms to conquer for England the equatorial provinces as an outlet for Mom 'sik GRAHAM BERRY ON POSTAL REFORM. London, April 18. In an interview with a representative from the Pall Mall Budget, Sir Graham Berry, spetikin^ of the redaction in the postal rates, said it would be a wise step, statesmanlike and gracious, and would be welcomed and appreciated by the colonies as an effort to establish closer relations between them and the mother country. It was only a question of time when tie colonies would accept the con ditions of 8ir Arthnr Blyth'e proposal. The colonies wers oertain to attach importance to the loaa of revenue. Be thought it would be better for them to all join the Postal Union, and be advised a reduction in the book post rates. He was ia favour of sending all letters by the land route, and books and papers by the sea. According to the bi!L England had the right to proceed with this reform, even if the colonies hesitated. Popular pressure would soon compel the colonial Governments to yield and agree to the terms of the Bill, and also to consider it advisable to join the Postal Union. The other Agents-General were not interviewed, but it ia understood that Sir Saul Samuel is in favour of the pro posals. THE ANTI-SEMITIC FEELING. Lokdok, April 19. One hundred and thirty Jewish houses at Sandic, in Galicia, have been burnt as the result of an anti-Semitic plot THE VIENNA MASONS. Loitdon, April 21. until the new building season commences. THE EIGHT HOOK MOVEMENT. London, April 12L The Austrian Government have refused a State holiday U, employees on the 1st May, unless with the consent ol the private finm. Owing to a violent {Socialist meeting, it is stated that the Paris demonstration on the 1st May will be vigorously suppressed. LoHDosr, April 23. A great demonstration in favour of the eight hours' movement win beheld at Chicago on the 1st or Hay, when 70,000 labourer, will parade the city. It is feared that the demonstration on the 1st Hay in America will be a failure. Emperor William, on hearing that Socialist riots were expected on the 1st May, declared his intention to suppress she meeting, and arrest all the people at any Socialistic gather ing In the streets. THE SILVER CURRENCY QUESTION. Londok, April 2L Xhe -Caucus Committees feave abandoned the Saver Bill, sad now advocate-free silver. They are preparing a hill which it ia expected will be acceptable to all parties. They will limit the issue of tiie notes to the amount of aalver prodnced in the United States. London, April 22. Mr. Windom, Secretary to the Treasury in the United States, has expressed the opinion that the scheme proposed by the Senate for dealing with the silver question ia an extreme one. Lokdos, April 24. Xt ia reported that wmia^g a compromiae is arranged satisfactory to Mr. Windom, the Speaker, wOl refuse to permit the Ampripwn Bouse of Bepresentativea to discuss the silver question. MAJOR PINTO. London. April 21. Msjor Serpa Pinto has arrived at Lisbon, where he was received with enthusiasm. There was, however, no disorder. LABOUR TROUBLES. Lokdok, April 21. The striKe of weaven abd spinners at Quehansen has thrown out 17,000 hands. Loxdon, April 22. The strike of miners at WHkovitz, in Silesia, Austria, at which serious disturbances recently occurred, is declining. Londok, April 23. The Silesian strikes have collapsed. Lokdon, April 24. The IndianapoliB masters have conceded the demands of the carpenters. EXPORT BOUNTIES. Londok, April 2L The Beetroot Sugar heSneries Union at Berlin protests strongly against export bounties. THE FRENCH IK DAHOUET. Lokdok, April 21. In revenge for the beheading of four sentries, the French authorities have be headed five Dahomeyan Amazons. Lofdon, April 23. The French were defeated by the Daho- meyans after a two honrs' fight They re turned to Portonovo, and were punned half way by the enemy. The French had fifty wounded. The D&homeyans; suffered severely. They were commanded by their king. The French claim to have defeated the Dahomeyana, with a loss of 500 of their soldiers. THE ENGLISH AND TbE PORTU GUESE. London, April 21. The English have rigorou.-ly boycotted Qnilimane, a Portuguese settlement distant seventy miles north of the Zitnl.enL QUEENSLAND SUiiAR EXPORTATION. J^okdun, April 21. The quantity of sugar exported from the various ports of Queensland to Great Britain, from the 18th January to the 11th April, ia 3735 tons, making a total of 25,132 -'?'- June last. THB EQUATORIAL P8OVTNCBS, n imtLOs. April SL Delayed telegrams confirm the report that akrge volunteer expedition has started far Chiromo. THE NATIONAL LEAGUE. Lokdok Ann 22. Mr. M'Esnnoa, Vice-President of the National League in the United States, states that the League no longer exists, and that the people of America will not «bmittD4t-a leadership of assassins. ? OCEAN POSTAGE. Ijohdov, April 22. The Hon. Cecil Baikes and the Agents. General, discuss the reduction in theocean postage on Friday. THE NEW DUTIES. ? Lobdok, April 22. The alterations in the tea, sjAritj, and currants duties have been adopted. OBlrUABT. Lohdon, April 22. The death b announced of Mr. FTh. But ton. _ London, April 23. The death of Mr. Handel CckohsmT member for bristol is announced. : '??''? THE REV H. W. BARRY. LosDOHi April S£- see^MmT*1 *'* *^ £? THE JOHANNESBERG RIOTS. ? Lobdok, April 22. The men charged with bong concerned in the recent riot at Johannesberft indie Trans vaal, have hem tried, and in every ease either a light fine sms imposed-or the aooused'wai acquitted. THE POSTAL REDUCnObra, - . Ijokdoh. April SI* - The Hon. Cadi Raikes, in a speech delivered at Bradford last night, aMedtkat three years ago he honestly desired to .Bake the redncboas in the puatal rates jariuohjsm now been proposed by the '»— — 't of (he MR. OOWAN'S OEEEA. ' Mr. F. H. Cowan* Seand^v^f^ 'Thorgnm' has been rjrodnoed .ijy the Carl Rosa Company at the Dmry Lane Theatre with brilliant suocess. Bis Boval 'i'»-'~ the Prinoe of Wales and the Dale of Edinburgh were present at the performance. A WEST AUSTRALIAN OOUNC3LLOB. LoBDOBT, ApeQA - Mr. Parker, ot Western AiistnttsTfaajbseB appointed a Queen's Counsel. TOB CHICAGO EXHIBIHOH. Losdoh, April 23. The Chicago wMhltinn tall, which provides for holding the proposed ' World's Eair' at Chicago, has been passed by the United States Congress. QUHEN VICTORIA. . ? Lokdok, April 23. Her Majesty the Queen while at Darmstadt will meet Emperor William, the MtnnwM Augusta of Germany and, Empress Frederick on Friday next A DANISH CONSUL. -. Losdoh, April 23. Mr. A. R. H. Pietzcker has been appointed Danish Consul at Brisbane. THE CITY AND SUBURBAK HANDICAP. Lokdon, April 23. The City and Suburban Handicap, which was run to-day, was won by Rered'Or, sritt Tasistas second and Workington third. * . MR. PARNBLLS SCHEME. Lobdok, April 23. ? Mr. Michael Davitt disapproves of Mr. Pamoll'e scheme, wnich finds no favour in the Separatists1 Press. MR. BaIRD AKD THE PELICAN CLUa Lokdok, April 23. Mr. Bafrd, who gained notoriety over the Slavin-Smith fight, and who is known under the name of ' Mr. Abington ' has abandoned his idea of appesrine at the Pelican Club, MR. UOTTON'S FORTUNE. Lohdon, April 23. Mr. Dutton's fortune b estimated at £800,000. U vffl team tiv reference tootrrAdsUde telegrams th«t llr. Dnttoa vas an old Sooth AnstnUaD aqaatter. THE LOKDON CHAhTERED BANK. LOKDOH, April 23. The London Chartered Bank have declared a dividend ofS per cent, allotted ao the reeerre fund £20,000. and carried forward £10,000. THE &OSSA; LIBEL. Lokdos, April 23. The trial of O'Donovan Bossa for libelling Patrick Cassidy, was commenced at V*w York yesterday. Kossa declared Cassidy to be a British bpy. THE BMPKROR AND HIS GENERALS. Lond -k. April 23 Tbu Krrper.r William b«s summarily re moved nine of his Commanding p— i«»»t« [qp reasons that an unasaigned, DR. SANDFORD. Losdok, April 23. Dr. Saadf ord continue* aa Suffragan Bishop «I Durham. AUSTRALIAN STAMPS. Londoh, April 24. The Emperor Francis Joseph impected a collection of Anstralian.etainpB at the Vienna Exhibition. THE MADAGASCAR GOLDFIGLDS. ' Lohdos, April 24. The M»**g*— ^» goMGelds have been ttmwn open, on the condition that the minus pay the State twenty-aeven gramme*. The sou fsxcnggety. ? ^AMERICAN DUTIES. Lokdov. April '24. The United States Committee of Ways and Miens ttive reported in favour of imposing on iranteds sunUar duties as on woollens. THE OZAE PRESENTING ARMS. London, April 24. The Ou hu presented Servia with 40,000 nfiea, and three batteries of artillery. ^^THB aiTDAlIOM IN SERVIA. LorooK, April 24. The 8knptsehina held a secret meeting to disonu toe militia BBL Regent Eirtioh minted the situation in the darkest coloora. Be. said it was absolutely necessary for Bervia to be ready for immedUte action, and obtained a vote to equip 130.000 militia. TRH AUSTRALIAN CRICKETERS' FIRST GAME. London, April 23. -The steamer Iiguria iu delayed by a slight i-rfl'' '' at Gibraltar. The Australian eleven, who are puwngen on her for England, played a match then with a load sixteen, whom they defeated. THE AUSTRALIAN COLTS. London, April 22. Kirkham did a splendid gallop of smile and a half. Karelian is doing cantering exer cise,. Lovdon, April 23. Kirkham and Narellan hare galloped a mile at their fastest to decide which will ran for tbe Guineas. '. .'BOmVAH, TfT'1- BOXER. ? London, April 2L It Is reportsd that John L. Sullivan broke a Uood veael while sparring, but the report has since been denied. ? THE HSnC CHAMPIONSHIP. . ' London, April 24. The'Cattfornian Athletic Club have offered ftMf&ulan; for^nffivan and Jackson to box to a finish in September. ? ? AzTAUSTRALIAN 'DEFEATED. \-- ??? '? ? ? ' London, April 24. 1 'Jemmj flairoU knocked ont Bffly 8mfth, tie Australian, in the 14th ronnd In San Francisco.' -.?-? 