CRUMBS. : But specifios. Good dividends. Ice got ten years. Kemp won easily. More " chastening" for Ebby. Another blow to single taxers. -Bid Moses believe in the single tax? By Harry, that bore is not at all dry. . Fenny postage approved for U.S. W. Always rnmonre of eleotion petitions. Mushroom-hunting season oommenoes. The " ohastening" has had. a good effect. Much ado about that wheat rust remedy. Mr. L. Stirling for tbe Legislative Counoil. That nasty word oonfisoation will orop up. Mr. Henry Dutton inherits Anlaby Be tate, . . The heaviest blow from the Light Dis trict. UpBetting an eleotion means a lot of ready eash. Five girls snioided at Mosoow to avoid Siberia. The oenBor of vioeroyalty relegated to ob souity. Two Australian natives have developed leprosy. What a rush for vaoanoy in Legislative Counoil. MaceleBfield has raised a sensational robbery. Orators ohastened, deservedly and unde servedly. The lute Mr. Dutton's estate is worth £800,000. Bismarck's successor is also a man of Blood and Iron. There are seven lawyers in the new Assembly. A Heart Union prinoiple bringing oomfort to widows. Grasshoppers mean more and heavier fowls' eggs. The Hon. E. Ward made a good epeeon at Edithburgh. Sale of land eaBt of Albany stopped by home orders. Not for long, Mr. Ward, and aome book all the stronger. Queensland Bailway Commission is going on the tramp. Mr. Glynn's absence will be a distinct loss to the House. Somebody got at the Grand Old Man head swelling. Mutiny on the Algeria. This is no jeering matter. Political retro ipects are nauseous—to a weak Ministry. Ladies are interesting themselves in poli tical questions. Mr. West, of Victoria, has gone East to learn irrigation. Why cannot railway tickets be sold like postage stamps ? The young Kaiser ia the officer on watoh. Fall, steam ahead. Mr, Smith Ellis eeems to have made much ado about nothing. South Australia had led the van in the pro tection of children. Christianity and Antichrist discussed at a declaration of poll. A million pounds of damage to the Louisiana sugar orops. Mr. Ward took nis defeat "in a manly, straightforward way," The Hon. 6. W. Cotton has written a 1 letter of only six lines. Mr. W. C. Grasby is now a walking and talking encyclopaedia. Colonists have not much faith in Imperial Government immigration. Kain got one vote at Maitland, and was not Abel to get any more. The oolonies are doubtful about taking Mr. Goeohen's little postal gift. Sir Charles Dilke places the colonists in the vanguard of civilization. The Premier had his eye on the Cabinet work at the Baptist Bazaar. A tambourine is a fitting strument for the Cockburn Surprise Party. Foreigners settle in ttreat Britain to the number of about 10,000 yearly. "Raikes has slain his thousands, and Heaton his tens of thousands." It would be worth something to hear what MoseB has to Bay about George. A ship sent to eea from New Zealand with out a seaman amongst the crew. Immigration for the colonies is nnpopular as the Agents-General reoognise. One of the beBt informed, moBt cultured, and most energetio of the members. The people's Alfred in Viotoria has refuted Georgianiam when George had gone. A land tax does -not meet with favour in Sydney. Can Mr. George explain why ? Honesty is not always the best poliey where a seat in Parliament is to be got. Brother Jonathan is not going to let the Kangaroo have the tall talk about floods. A gninea a day for the members of the Queensland Commission not in Parliament. The loquacious Hussey would rob men of titles: his name has now been pared of M.P, Those who try to run w th the hareB and hold with the hounds are beginning to hedge a bit Contin, caught sketching Frenoh fortresses, will oontinue to view a penal fortress for five years. Snoci has succeeded in bis forty days' fast, though he has lost less than forty ponnds weight. A hungry man iB an angry man, bnt a Hungary Government is doolie to the coming master. The opportunities in that Assets Company are equal enongh to satisfy Henry George himself. The Hon. Henry Soott'a views abont looal wool sales won't be popular with onr brokers. So .law-abiding are we that we oonld dis pense with a few Judges and a host of lawyers. Leprosy is a disease to which Australians are liable owing to the nearness of affeoted districts. Australian colts ordinary. Will Melbourne say what else could be looked for from H.8.W.? The Australian Eleven needn't have journeyed 16,000 miles to practise at Mitoham. Mr. Gosohen's colonial gift will oost Aus tralasia between £50,000 and £60,000 a year to accept. We oould have spared even the great Johnson of Onkaparinga if fate had bnt left ns Glynn. Sarcastio Mr. Horn is showing that he possesses a warm heart for the homeless folk of Bourke. His Exeellenoy has made £25,000 out of Broken Hills—equal to five years gubernato rial salary. The Hon. T. Burgoyne can teaoh Mr. Ellis Smith a thing or two about wheat met experiments. Somebody wants to apply Lord Lyttleton's saying about the virtue to repent and the energy to atone. The San Francisco prophet had an audience which represented the flower of South Aus t.alho intellect. Mr. Bartlett will be always reminded of hie enemy, the squatter, when he pronounces his oolleegne'e name. It isn't aafe to ehake henda with a Free maton while thia epidemio ia about—ne might give yon the grip. it was enough, aaye one, to enanre Mr. Glynn'a defeat that he was approached by the Government. It ia aolemnly aster ted that the Broken Hill express has arrived in Adelaide pnnotnally once in two years. As the Yankee said about smallpox, there does not appear to be enongn rain after Boerke to go round. Yes, it will be a kindness to the genial Doctor,|to whom greatness oame before he was ready, to be relieved. Why should a survey party be etnok up in the North f Do they in that lonely place want to do the blook 7 Extraordinary discovery—the Grand Old Man's "bumpB" are still expanding, Old "tiles" won't cover them. Dr. Cobbett, Sydney Professor of Law, passed by Adelaide. Any relation to the celebrated William Cobbett 7 That Frome woman politloal preaoher had better stay at home aooording to a defeated opponent of woman's suffrage. It is refreshing to hear oomplainta of ex penditure on railways now the unearned increment has been mopped np. Two hotelkeepers appointed on the new Water Conservancy Board—an opportunty to learn something about water. A sucking lawyer is sometimes glad to take a billet at £2 a week, less than an improver at the carpentering trade would get. Say gooa-bye to the American Holley, who has made Broken Hill shareholders bb merry bb maidens with Christmas mistletoe. 'Sir John Downer and Mr. Hague were then invested with laurel wreathe by a Ta nunda lady amidst enthusiastic cheers." Besides a locomotive factory. New South WaleB may soon have an iron foundry sup plied with English capital and looal labour. A quarter of a million strikers in Chicago with do intention of showing quarter. They don't do things by halves where the eagle flaps. "Ti nth was the noblest virtue man pos sesses, and falsehood the meanest and basest vice that degrades humanity." Just so, Mr. Ward. " Dr. Coakbnrn would give education and tone, Mr. Flayford solidity and experience." This is urged in favonr of a Coalition Ministry. " What is sweeter than to have a friend you oan trust V asked Sawkins. " To have a friend who will trust you!" replied Dawkihs. The ohange at Stanley is not one in name ; for instead of being represented by a Miller and Mr. Gillen, it has now Mr. Gillen and Mr. Miller. Broken Hill Proprietary yield, 151,036 oz. A penny per oz. rise on that wonld make a handsome dowry for a princess—calculated at per annnm. If Sydney gets hold of the coal, ooke, and timber contraotB of Broken Hill to feed the new line, it will tell seriously on the Port Firie shipping. Among the privileges given the Trades and Labonr Connoil and other friends of the Government, is the exoluBive one of holding illegal lotteries. There was this valuable consideration in oonneetion with the Drnids' lottery, that people who went to the lnnoh oould hear Dr. Cockbnrn speak. The average oonBnmption of water in Glasgow during the whole of laBt year waB 40,000,000 gallons per day, or nearly 60 gallons per head per day. Two hotelkeepera, a oarpenter, and a basket-maker are dabbed "Esquires" ia the Government Gazette. Why not, when Henry George is made an esquire ? How surprising it is that Melbourne, whioh originated the Bussian influenza and taught Sydney how to become a city, hasn't dis covered that it caused the floodB. lee made from water that has been boiled, in order to prevent infeotlon, ia the latest novelty. The luxury has to be paid for at an ad vanoed price upon the nsnal quality of ioe Mr. S. D. Muttlebnry, who haB resigned the position of President of the Cambridge University Boat Club, resented being held np as an example of the triumph of matter over mind. To help the yonng soul add energy, inspire hope, and blow the eoals into a useful flame; to redeem defeat by new thought, by firm action—that ia not easy; that is the work of Divine men. From a recent study of bones of an anthro poid ape it appears that the gorilla and ohimpanzee approaoh nearest to man, bnt in different degrees, the orang- ontang holding the third plaoe. However hopeful one may be, whether one langbs or weeps, none can open thy hand before the time, O mate phantom, onr shadow 1 Spectre always masked, ever at our side, oalled To-morrow! Many a woman dnBts billiard ohalk off her hoBband's ooat with great big drops of tears in her beantifnl eyes, as she reflects how hard and how late he has to work at his desk olose to that nasty whitewashed wall, " On entering the main street a halt was made, and Sir J. W. Downer in a florally decorated chair was carried up the street on the shoulders of eome of his enthusiastic supporters amidst general cheers." A little girl was told by her nnrse that if she did not think so mnoh by day she would dream leSB by night. "Bnt I ean't help thinking," ehe Baid, and added pathetically, " I can't make my mind to sit down." " Where your treasure ie, there trill yo ir heart be also," aaid the Sunday - School teacher, evidently trying to point a' moral. "If that'a the way o't," put in one little fellow, " my faitber'a heart's in the Bank." The Rev. B. Hampden Cook, B.A., refer ring to a Crumb abont the date of Washing ton's death writes s—'" The first oentury ended Deoember 31, 100. The eighteenth oentury ended Deoember 31,1800." Isn't this a vexed qneetion ? More than half the sngar need in the world is made from beetroot. The manfao tore began to be important little more than twenty years ago. _ Germany began it, and France, Austria, Enssia, and the United States have followed the Teuton's : example. Women who are the least bashful are not infrequently the most modest; and we are 1 never more deoeived than when we would infer any laxity of principle from that freedom of demeanour whioh often arises more from an ignorance of wickedness than otherwise. "Whether mentor women, those who resorted to wanton falsehood in the pnlpit or elsewhere, whatever they profeued, were not Christians, bnt disoiples of antiohrist." Though this is not new, Mr. Ward searched Frome (from home) for it. Solicitor, sharply—" What did the prisoner do next 7" Witness, hesitatingly—"I think —" Solioitor—"Stop there; you are not to say what you think." Witness—"That's lucky for you; you might hear something yon wouldn't consider flittering." A Swiss inveotnr has perfeotcd a method of making artificial boards, aid is advocating tleir DBe in buildiig. Tney are made of a mixture of plaster of uarls and reeds, pressed into shape by hydraulic prooess. Inoffensive boy to arresting oonstable— "Please, air, I've done nnffin." Always in the wrong constable—" No more have I for a month, but m6an to do something now." Will jaded Chief Policeman Cookburn, who wants to collar a little Jay, take heed. Catarrh snuff is clearly most efficacious. ! Gentleman (to village cobbler)—" What is that powder yon are using 7" Cobbler—" It's oatarrh snuff." Gentleman—"Is it any good}" Cobbler—"Well, I've had catarrh for more'n thirty fears an' I've never took nothin' for it bnt tins." How many words can be written on a postal card ? There has just been a compe tition among the stenographers to deoide this question; and Sylvanus Jones, of Biohmond, Virginia, United States, haB taken the prize which was offered for he largest nnmber of words by writing on a oard 86,761 words. The progress of Western oivilization in China is shown by the reoent news that the Viceroy of Tu Eien and Che Kiang has issued a proclamation againBt the drowningof female children, which has been common of late. He notifies that hereafter the penalty provided by law will be strlotly enforced. The penalty is sixty blows of the bamboo and one year's banishment. Fontenelle had a brother, an Abbot, who loved good wine. A gentleman asked him one day—"What is your brother doing?" "My brother," said he, "he is a priest." "Has he a living!" "No." "How does he employ himself?" "He says mass in the morning." "And in the evening?" "In the evening," rejoins Fontenelle, " he don't know what be says." The University library at Copenhagen has recently secured a very perfect oopy of the first New Testament printed in the Icelandio language, translated byOddurand published at Boeskilde in 1510, It was found in a Zealand peasant's house near Copenhagen, where it had come from Iceland in 1828, and was actually purchased for an equivalent in kroners of £17s. 6d. A olergyman, in the neighbourhood of Nottingham, was complimenting a tailor in his parish on repairs whioh he had done for him. In the oourse of conversation he, how ever, incautiously observed, " When I want a new ooat I go to London—they make, them there." Before leaving the shop he enquired, "By-the- by, do yon come to my Churoh?" " No," was the reply; " when I want to hear a good sermon I go to London—they make them there 1" An elegantly-dressed woman asked to bs snown tome silk for gowns, and made theun fortunate clerk hand down and unfold pieoe after piece without coming to any decision. Finally, she conclnded she would prefer some patterns that she had first looked at, whioh involved the turning over of the entire pile, and at last asked, "Are you quite enre, Sir, that this style is worn ?" " It was, Madam," answered the olerk, " when you oame in; but, after the period that has since elapsed, I should not like to say for oertaln." "The wife for me," he said, "is the old fashioned girl—the girl who makes a good housewife—who has been brought up to sew, and to cook, and to wash, and to iron—the kind of girl that they used to have before girls went in for fashionable flummery and accomplishments, and things." " Yes," said she, " I understand. Well, my idea of a husband is also of the old-fashioned tort. I want one who will Bhovel snow, put in ooal, chop wood, put up stoveB, dig gatden beds, beat carpets—and do all things that husbands used to do before they went in for olubs, fonr-in- hands, and things." There is a man in Weymouth, (Massachu setts, who iB a little absent-minded. One day he was going to Hlngham for a load of bay, and intended to gefia wagon on Pleasant street. fie carried his fork in one hand and led the horse with the other, passed by the wagon, and < walked to that town. He hitohed the horse and spoke to a man abont stowing the hay. The assistant asked where the wagon was. The words he uttered were —" For heaven's sake, have I left that wagon at home?" fie started baok after it, and when he was on the top of Fort Hill be dis covered that he had left the horse hitched in Hingham. Obituaries. — What a host of famous worthies departed tbis life on April 23. Look upyourbiographioaldiotionary, gentle reader, andyou will find the following;—fithelred II. King of England, 1016; Pope Leo II, who is credited with having been the orlgi loly nator of the custom oi sprinkling with holy water, 684; Pope Leo VlL, the Pontiff who negotiated a peaoe between Hugo King of Italy and Alberio Duke oi Rome, 939; Mlohael CervantesdeSaavedra,author of the unperish able Don Quixote, 1616. On the same day of the FBme year, a greater than Cervantes; one William Shakspeare, on his 62nd birthday, Jean Borleyrao, Frenoh Professor of Law and History, translator of Puffendorfe " Law of Nature and Nations," Groliue'e " Rights of Warand Peaoe," &o.;, 1744, Andrew Baxter, Scotch metaphysician, author of an "Enquiry into the Nature of the Human enl ft A aynn A rpnaremitK ominont a a Soul/' 1760. Aaron Arrowsmith, eminent as a geographer and hydrographer, 1823. Joseph Notlekens, the famous sculptor, who by the exercise of hie profession realized a fortune of £200,000, 1823. Who goes next? Samuel Taing, of Papadale, author of " Sea Kings of Norway," died April 23,1868. Memorabilia. — A magnificent temple created to Serapis was opened at Alex andria with all the honours April 24, a.d. 68\. The worship of this " brutal deity" was continued in that city till the year 398. This idol-god, with his lovely attendants, the dragon and Cerberus, was brought from Sinope into the Egyptian capital by Ptolemy Soter about the year 322 B.C. Antoninus introdnoed the rites into Rome in 146 a.d., where they were annually observed on May 6; but on aoconnt of their grossly licentions oharao ter they were soon abolished by the Senate. —Pedro Alvares Cabral, the intrepid Portu fuese navigator, was in 1500 appointed by Imannel, King of Portugal, commander of a fleet sent out to the East Indies; but being driven out of his course by a storm he dis covered Brazil, April 24, and namod it Santa Crux.—The marriage of Mary Queen of Scots with Franois, Dauphin of Franoe, was cele brated in the Cathedral of Notre Dame, April 24.1558. Obituaries.—There were queer gouge on three or four hundred years ago on the Conti nent of Enrope. ConBinl Coneini, known in hietory ae Marahal d'Anore, wee ehot April 24, 1617, dead as mntton. It appears that he obtained the appointment of Firat Minister of the young King Lonia JCIIL daring his minority, when he exeroised so maoh inflaence over Mary de Medici, the Queen Regent of France, that at the suggestion of the jealous nobleB, and with the approval of IauIb, he was " sent to his aooount with Ml his imperfections on his head." After that, in the same year, hie wife was burnt to death as a sorceress, and their son was dieenobled imd declared inoapahln of holding any estates in the Kirgdoro.—Bishop Wren died April 24, 1667. Daring the Civil War he war impeached by the Commons and sent to the Tower, where he lay eighteen years without any trial; thus robbin' Wren of his " perob and dormitory too,"—Jean James Borda died April 24, 1799 He was a Frenoh mathematician and naval architeot. Among hisnnmerona contributions to the oanee of adenoe were the invention of a measuring rod, end the accurate determination of the length of the pendulum vibrating seoonds, at Paris. Obituaries.—St, Mark's Day. " Overbanl yonr catechism and when fonnd make a note on't." He was the nephew of Barnabas and aooompraied St. Panl on his travels. He wrote hie gospel about the year 72, He is believed to have founded the Churoh of Alexandria, and to have suffered martyrdom about the year 78. There were saperetitions observances practised on the eve oi St. Mark's Day, bnt as they bad not originally any referenoe to the Christian festival, the Catholic Choroh in the fifteenth oentnry jndioionsly changed it for a day of abstinence. —Jonathan Conrad Dippel died April 25, 1734, Be was a German physician, a soientist, an anthor, and withal a mad-brained fanatic. He professed to have discovered the philosopher's stone, and lots of other wonder ful secrets: he rambled about like a dog at a fair, was imprisoned for seven yearB in Denmark for some political offence, wrote a number of mystioal books under; the general titleof " CoristianusDemocritas," announced in 1783 that he wonld live till 1808, and the next year was fonnd dead in bis bed. Memorabilia.—What have onr land tax, and inoome tax, and property tax, and tin tax, and.ffeingle tax, and progressive tax finanoiers to eay to the following: —On April 25, 1379, the Honse of Com mons granted to Richard II. a oapita tion tax, by whioh the Dukes of Lanoaster and|Brittany were rated at £6 13s. 4d.; the Justioesof the King's Benoh anu' Common Fleas and the Chief Baron at £5; an eari, an earl's widow, and the Mayor of London, £1; a baron, knight's banneret, the al dermen of London, mayors of great towns, and eergeante-at- law, £2; a knight and great merchants, £1; snffioient merchants, 13s. 4d.: esqnires and attorneys-at-law, 6s. 8d.; each married labourer for himself and wife, 4d.; and the same for eaoh single man and woman who were not mendicants —The trial of Warren Hastings, whioh had lasted nine years, terminated April 25,1795. Chanoellor of the HonBe of Lords prenonnced the sen tence thnslyWarren Hastings, yon are acquitted of all the charges of impeachment brought against yon by the Commons, and of all matters contained therein; you and your bail are therefore discharged." But you know he wsb sentenced to pay the law ex penses amounting to £71,080 1 Memorabilia—On Sunday, April 26, 1478, there was something like a oommotion in the City of Florence, for it was on that day that Lorenzo de Medici had a narrow escape from mnrder. This is what that histrio grapber has to say about it" Lorenzo de Medioi, surnamed the Magnifioent. was the son of Peter, grandson of Cosmo, and brother of Ginliano Medioi. These two brothers, who enjoyed an almoBt absolute power in Florence, were viewed with a jealous eye by Ferdinand 1V„ King of Naples, and Pope Sixtus IV., at whose instigation the potent family of Pazzi formed a conspiracy againBt the Medici in 1478, and Giuliano was assassinated as he was attending masB. Lorenzo was also wounded, but esoaped with his life, and was conducted to his palace by the people with loud acclamations of joy. The Arohbishop, who beoame the tool of Pope Sixtus, for accomplishing *his foul and impious con spiracy, ^was afterwards suspended in his Pontifioial robes from the window of his.own sanctuary." ObituarieB.—Pope John II., the vigorous opponent of the Eutyohians and Nestorians, quitted this life April 26, 535.— Pope Stephen 1L dittoed April 26, 757\. It was during the seven years that His Holiness filled the chair of St. Peter that Astolphus.King of the Lombards, having menaced the City of Rome, Pepin, King of the Franks, marohed into Italy and deprived Astolphus of the exarohate of the provinoe of Ravenna and of several cities whioh he gave to the Pope, thus laying the foundation of the temporal sovereignty ol the Churoh of Rome.—Karaten'a Niebuhr was a Dane, a geographer, and a traveller, who died April 26,1815. In early life hiB parents died, and he was driven by poverty to labour in the sun " as a farm servant, but afterwards by the liberality of a neighbour Niebuhr was enabled to stndy at the University of Qottin gen. Be then joined a scientific expedition to Arabia as mathematician and geographer, travelled through Arabia, Bombay, Persia, and Asia Minor, returned to Copenhagen with a valuable colleotioa of notes and sketches, whioh were edited and engraved at the expense of the Danish Government." 