, FOREIGN TELEGRAMS. London, August 21. A bitch bas occurred in the settlement of tbe Tilbury Dock strike. lu spite of the assurances of their leaders, to the Directors of tbe Dock Company, the men refuse to resume work on the ground that the qnostion of the sub-letting of contracts has not been settled to their satisfaction. London, Aug. 22. The labourera at the Tilbury Dock bave resumed work, iu obedience to the orders of the Dock Labourers' Union. Loudon, August 21 The attempts to settle the strike of the employees on the New York Central Railway have failed. On Saturday the workman's Supreme Council will decide whether the demands of the Knights of Labour shall be supported. In the mean« j time the situation in New York is very serious. London, August 22. I Tbe Knights of Labour threaten that, unless Mr. Vanderbilt accedes to thoir i demands, they will call ont the men employed on all the railways ia which Mr. Vanderbilt is interested. Should they carry their threat into execution, railway communication betweeu New York, Buffalo, Cleveland, Chicago, Cin- cinnati!, and St. Louis will be suspended. London, Aug. 21. Tbe British India Steam Navigation Company is building four new steamors, intended for tke Company's Queensland trade. Each of the boats will have a tonnage of 5,600 tons, and will be capable of steaming 15 knots per hoar. Eight persons have been drowned at Conway, in North Wales, while out boat- ing. Eight thousand colliers in Belgium haye gone out on strike, rather than accept a redaction of their wages. The department of Jnra, in the East of Franee, and the adjoining canton of. Neuehátel in Switzerland, have been -visited hy a terrific cyclone, which' has inflicted an immense amount of damage, accompanied by loss of life. In the canton of Neuchâtel thousands of trees have been uprooted, and many houses destroyed. The cyclone did not last for more than threB minutes. The Pall Mall Gazette states that a oooference.of shipowners is to be heldi shortly, to decide on the advisability ef establishing a Union of steamship owners to fight the labour unions. It is comput- ed that if such a Union were formed, it would represent capital to the amount of £80,000,000. London, August 22. The details of the agreement between Great Britain and Portugal, with respect to the delimitation of the two countries' respective territories in South east Africa, are very similar to those already men- tioned. The Lisbon journals regard the agreement as satisfactory. By the terms of the agreement Portu- gal grants Vitu to Great Britain and transfers any Portuguese territory South of the Zambesi to the other Powers, by whom it has been claimed. It is reported that a syndicate of French capitalists is being formed for the pnrpose of providing Uruguay with gola, se as to allow of the paper currency being withdrawn from circulation. The Salvation Army authorities are engaged in preparing a scheme for immi- gration te the colonies. They propose to settle immigrants in various districts in I the Australian Colonies and New Zea- land. The statement ia the Pall Matt Gazette that a meeting of shipowners bad bees held with the object of forming a strong Union to protect the shipping trade against the labour Unions, has been con- firmed. Sixty prominent shipowners were present at the meeting, snd Mr. Devitt, of the firm of Devitt & Moore, the well-known shipowners, presided. The Union will embrace the whole of the shipping tonnage of the United King- dom. The chief aim of the Union will be to drive the Docker's Union out of existence, but it will also watch and pro- tect shipping interests generally. The proposals submitted to the meeting in- clude tbe withdrawal of ships, the Union paying the loss thus incurred to the individual owners. The cyelone in the department of Jura In the East of Franoe, proves to have boon mon serious than was at first expected. According to the latest news a hundred lives have been lost. At St. Claude, the towers of the cathedral have been destroyed, and several factories collapsed. The leaders of the Dockers' Union have censured the Tilbury dock labour- ers for going out on strike with the object of preventing the employment of nou-Unionists. The men have resnmed work, but they are not at all pleased with the action of the Union executive, and tbey have shewn great unwillingness to fall in with it. The last report of the directora of the Bank of New Zealand states that proper- ties belonging to the Bank, to the value of £100,000, have been sold since the issue of Mr. Hean's report upon the position of the Bank, and that they have realised sums considerably in excess of his valuation. Mr. Waterhouse suggests that the capital account of the Bank be reduced by £309,000, and that a new board of directors be appointed. He in* sists on this latter condition. On the new Board taking office, he proposes that £3 per shara be «ailed up, and that the call be first made on the 25,000 new shares held in the colony. An explosion occurred yesterday at ono of the Goveramant gunpowder milis, at Waltham Abbey. Two mea wero blown to pieces by the explosion. The province of S ty ria in Austria has been visited by a severe hurricane. At Gratz, the,' capital of the province, the buildings erected for an exhibition being held there, have been destroyed. The political -situation in the Argentine Republic still continues unsettled. Sever- j al of the members of the new Miuistry have resigned their portfolios. The Salvador Government has rejected the terms of peace offered by Guatemala. It is believed that the war between the two countries will shortly be resumed. London, Aug. 23. In business circles in the City the prevalent -feeling with respect to the shipping sfcrik» in Australia is one of satisfaction It is felt that Australia is suffering from the consequence of the Dock strike last year, which the colonists so materially aided in turning into a vic- tory for the dock labourers. The feeliog of satisfaction is strengthened by the belief that the aid afforded by the colonists has had, the effect of stimulat- ing many of the recent labour tronbles in the United Kingdom. The Earl of Jersey, the Governor-elect ef New South Wales, was entertained at a banquet at Swansea yesterday. In responding to the toast of his health, he said that he had undertaken a new and difficult task, but he was sure it would be rendered essy by the kindness which he felt convinced would be shewn to him in New South WaloB. H«. predicted a grand future for the colony The first aanual conference of the London Dockers' Union has been fix»d to take place next month. The porters employed on the Illinois Central Railway, and the engineers and firemen on the Chicago North Western Railway have gono out on strike with the object of obtaining higher wages. The latter line is blocked, with a number of meat trains. Tbe strike at the North east ports of England, with reference to the employ- ment of Danish seamen on British ships, has been settled, a compromise having been agreed to. The riveters at Stafford and Worces- ter, who went out on strike recently, have resumed work, their employers hariug conoeeded their demands. The colliers in Belgium who have gone eut on strike number twelve thousand. The Economist of this week, in com- menting upon the non-payment of inter- est to the holders of New Plymouth (N.Z.) Harbour debentures, declares that the New Zealand Government has shown a lamentable absence of ordinary care and financial rectitude in dealing with the j matter. The medical officer at Clonakilty, in County Cork, gives alarming acoounts of the distress in his district, arising from the potato blight. He states that three thousand of the inhabitants are in a starving condition, and that unless relief is forwarded to them, in another month they will be beyond the reach of sid. The Times of this morning, in com- menting upon the Australian strikes and the struggle ef the Knights of Labour against Mr. Vanderbilt, attributes these and other industrial upheavals to the ex- tensive use of machinery, and its sab mission io labour. The coming question,, it declares, is not one of wages, but of ? individual liberty. The Standard of this morning, in an article upon the same subject, declares that the organisation of labour is happily provoking capital to combine for its own defence. London, Aug. 25. A mass meeting of London dock labourers was held on Tower Hill yes- terday, for the purpose of expressing sympathy with the objects of the Aus- tralian shipping strike. Mr. John .Burns was the principal speaker. In the course of his address be referred to the newly formed Union of British shipowners. He ridiculed the idea of the Uuion succeed- ing in destroying tbe Dock Labourers' Union. The meeting between the Emperor of Germany and the Czar of Russia, has been brought to a conclusion. At the banquet which terminated the series of festivities in henour of the Emperor's visit to the Czar, both monarch» proposed each other's health, and the farewell parting subsequent to the banquet was of the most cordial description. The cholera epidemic has made its ap> pearance at Durbau, in South Africa. Tile latest new« received from Central America, states that an engagement has taken place between the forces of Sal- vador and Honduras. The engagement was of the most dogged description, both sides displaying the utmost stubbornness. After a determined engagement, lasting for five hoars, the Salvador foros, re- pulsed their opponents, who numbered 4,000, with heavy slaughter. Lord Salisbury has made an important statement with respect to the British occupation of Egypt. In a despatch re- plying to a communication from tbe Porte, he declares that it is altogether premature, at the present time, to con- template the immediate evacuation of Egypt by Great Britain. The Transvaal Observer has stated that Portugal has offe ed to sell Delagoa Bay to the Transvaal Republic« for the sum of £5,000,000. The Supreme Council of the railway employees of America has held a sitting, lasting twelve hours, te discuss the pre- sent railway strikes, and then adjourned until today without coming te any de- finite decision. It is, however, considered improbable that an order will be issuedt for a general strike on the United States railways. Public opinion supports the attitude assumed by the New York Central Railway Company against its employees. The Minister of Commerce in the French Government proposes to institute an exhaustive enquiry into, the present condition of labour in France. Thirty thousand of the residents of County Limerick have signed a paper expressing confidence in Mr. J. Dillon,' M.P., by way of showing their disappro- bation of the charges brought against him by Dr. O'Dwyer, the Rotnau Catho- lic Bishop of Limerick, with reference to the Plan of Campaign. The latest news to hand from Buenos Ayres \ states that a fresh rebellion, against the existing Government, his begun. The Daily News, of this morning, in an article commenting upon the position of the Bank of New Zealand, says that the Bank has turned the corner of its difficulties, and that the worst is now known. The Earl of Jersey, the Governor elect of New South Wales, has appointed Lieut. H. R. Cholmondeley, of the Che- shire Regiment, au additional aide-de- camp on his staff. The Emperor of Germany has des- patched special 'agents to Lancashire to enquire into the working of the factory and other labour legislation in the manu- facturing district. Latest advices from Armenia, states, that the unrest among the Christian po- pulation in the province is growing in intensity. The reports received by the Porte from the Governor of the province predict a serious outbreak at no distant date. Mr. Charles Wyndham has engaged Miss Emily Fitzroy, the well-known Australian actress, to play at the Criterion Theatre. The strike »meng the cottiers in Bel- gium is spreading. The strikers now namber 17,000. A treaty of peace has been signed be- tween Salvader and Guatemala. Two thousand Irish harvesters have gone out on strike at Dnblin. Dr. Peters, the well-known Afriean i explorer, has arrived in Berlin from East Africa. Dense crowds assembled at the ' railway station to witness Ins arrivât. London, Aug. 26. The Supreme Obnncil of the United States railway employees, whilo endorsing the action of the Knights of Labour, with respect to the strike on the New York Central Railway, have refused to order a strike of all the railway employees in the United States. Twenty thousand miners, employed in the Derbyshire collieries, have resolved to demand that their working hours be limited to eight hours a day. A similar demand has been resolved on at large meetings of miners held in other coal uiiuing districts'in England. Some important experiments with smokeless powder have been made at Hie annual army '¡nanos avres in Italy, now proceeding. Several batteries of artillery continued firing with the powder for half an hour, and during the whole of-the time, their position could not be observed by the force «gainst whieh they were operating. It is stated |n Berlin that the Emperor William 1ms returned from his visit to the Czar, much impressed with the strong desire for peace which he is confident exists in Russia.' Two thousand corn porters in Dnblin have gone" out ou strike to obtain an increase in their wages. Dr. O'Dwyef, the Roman Catholic Bishop of Limerick, has withdrawn the charge he made against Mr. Dillon, j»f acting dishonestly. He still, however, adheres io his statement that the tenants are désirons of settling with the landlords secretly, Wit hont availing themselves of the Pian of Campaign. He also state* that many tenants have appealed to him for protection against the National League. , London, August 26.s Acting on a cablegram received from the leaders of the shipping strike In Aus- tralia, the Dockers' Union has resolved to give moral and pecuniary -support to the sinkers, se soon as they are informed of the^precise nature of the assistance required. r »? **>* A deputation representing tbeßailärs*, the Firemighs', end Dockers* UtjionB fcfve requested an interview with the d^ectjrs of thefBritish India Steam <Nay)¿ai)|>n Company. They desire that théine tors will instruct their Australian «gents to complyçwith the demands of the' Aus» traliah strikers. \- J London, Aug- 27, The directors of the British India Company have informed the flepotatíon from the Seamen's, Firemen's, and Dockers' ÍJeñons, that so far as they are aware, their ships are net Involved in the shipping dispute in Australia. The Daily News, of this morning, in commenting upon the shipping strike in Australia, says that if the strikers Vin the struggle, their success will probably mean an incursion ef coolie labour, en« gaged by the shipowners to take tbe place(of white* labour. It adds that in the event of such a course being adopted, the consequences would be disastrous to Great Britain, ¡seeing that they would have the effect of checking British omi« gration to Australia. .t«? London, Aug. 26. The children attending a large Con- vent'-school in Dublin have been with* drawn from the school by their parents, because the nuns at the Convent have purchased coal handled by non-Union porters. ' * London, August 27. The Times ef this morning, ia an artiste dealing-With Mr. John Burns, de- clares that' his addresses are becoming more¿ and mereltoflainmatory. He is, it states, the dupe of his own preposterous schemes, and **-charlatan trading on the folly and ignorance of his hearers. A great meeting of Socialists tras held in Berlin yesterday. Daring the pro* ceedings a collision with the police occurred, and stones were freely thrown. Many of the Socialists were wounded. A report issued by the Irish Land Commission states that the potato blight is almost universal in Ireland. The town, tot Tokay, in North-Eaefc I Hungary, and celebrated as the entrepôt of the famous iTekay wine, has been de« i stroyed by a cyclone. Only thirteen I houses remain standing. The Glasgow shipowners have decided to support the .proposed Union of British shipowners. Mr. F. Abigail M.L.A. of New Sooth Wales, is io Toe entertained at a banquet at the Crystal Palace Mining Exhibition, priorato his departure for New South Wale«, » Smallpox has broken oat at Peuam buco, a seaport in Brazil. The sufferers number four thousand. Moussa Bay, whose banishment to t Mecca by the Sultan of Torkoy, for cruelties committed in Armenia was an- nounced recently, has succeeded in.making his escape. ! The strike on the Illinois Qtmtral Rsilway is spreading. All the employees on the railways eonnectel with Chicago have determined to go out on strike in support of their demands. . , London, Aug. 28. Mr. Barry, a member of the Executive of the Knights of Labour, has charged Mr. Powderly, the President of the » organisation, with having privately re- ceived £2,000 from stockholders of the New York Central Railway, as tiiQ priée of the first news of the settlement of the strike. Mr. Barry states 'that the bribe waa accepted after A similar offer had been refused by the Executive ef the Knights ef Labour. The power of the Knights of Labour is steadily waning in the United States, i The prospect of a settlement of the strike oa the New York Central Railway is improving. The Italian police 'have discovered a number of loaded bombs and other ex* plosives in the houses of working men in Rome. Numerous arrests have been made. 