THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 27, 1890. There is a consensus of opinion that the construction branch of the Railway service will at all events need to be re- formed. The farmers who have given evidence before the subdivisions of the Railway Committee demand lines which the departmental engineers have said it is not possible to build. The plea for light lines is urged by one and all ; but it is sure that any experiments in this direction will be made unwillingly by our present officers. There is no doubt of the integrity and of the intelligence of these gentlemen, but there is a shrewd suspicion that they are antiquated in their methods, and that, if the reformers ask for too much, they concede too little. It is undoubtedly dangerous for the committee to act without expert evidence, and we submit that we should look to our American cousins for advice in this matter. The only irrigation lessons of value to us come from America, and in a modified degree we may say the same of railway construc- tion. If there were time to send two Victorian engineers to study the cheap American railway lines, that would be an advisable step, but as time presses it would be better to obtain a capable American engineer to examine and report upon our local system, so that we might have recommendations which could be relied upon. The American railway system is for many reasons receiving much present attention in Great Britain. The economy achieved in the States is surprising, and, as it is pointed out, efficient and cheap railway com- munication does much to counteract the mischievous effects of a high-rate tariff. Thus Mr. J. L. JEANS, a capable writer, gives some facts and figures in the Nineteenth Century which challenge attention, and he dwells in particular upon the enormous reductions which have been made in freights and fares in the period from 1869 to 1888. In the former year the average charge for goods was 1.089d. per ton per mile, and to-day the average charge is only 0.455d. per ton. In other words, the charge was formerly more than a penny per ton, and now it is less than a half- penny. The saving thus effected in the interests of the producer amounts to the gigantic total of £192,000,000 per annum, a sum which the writer reminds us is double the annual national revenue of Great Britain, and is equal to one- fourth of the British national debt. This lowering of the charges has been accompanied by an enormous increase of traffic. In volume the American traffic has increased by 100 per cent, while in Great Britain the increase has been but 19 percent. In money the American receipts have risen from 300 million to 700 million dollars, and in Great Britain the in- crease has been from £26,000,000 to £28,000,000. The necessity of reductions was forced upon the Ameri- can railway companies by the severity of the competition with the canal and lake system of the northern states, grain being brought from Chicago to New York, a distance of 1,000 miles, for 14 cents per bushel. The railways had to prevent trade going to the canals if they were to exist in this region, and they directed their attention to larger waggons, which would of course carry bigger loads, to getting more work out of their locomotives, and to cheapening their permanent way, with the result that they now carry the wheat from Chicago to New York for 14 cents per bushel, while the canal charge is 8 cents. Meat and flour, it is said, enough to supply one man for a year can be carred fifteen hundred miles for one day's wages of a skilled mechanic. " American first- class fares are half the " English rate, lower than our second " class, and secure for the passengers " comforts which only Royalty and a few " private persons can imitate here." On the other hand, a writer in the Spectator under takes to point out some of the reasons which make a comparison between English and American freight fares impossible. Strangely enough, however, he does not allude to the one great factor which must always have a disturbing influence, and which is not taken sufficiently into consideration in Australia, and that is the distances that have to be traversed. When the grain is once trucked, it can be carried, of course, with far greater economy per mile for a thousand than it can for a hundred miles, and in America the former and in England the latter dis- tance is dealt with. And the American farmer, who pays ½d. per ton per mile for 1,000 miles is, after all, in a worse position than the farmer who pays 1d. per ton for a hundred miles. Again, gradients, of course, are an all important matter, and the fact that a lake and canal carriage is possible for a thousand miles in the States speaks of a level country, over which heavy loads can be drawn with minimum of power. In America, it maybe said, indeed, that there, are two extremes. On the one hand there are the lines, such as the Chicago-New York line, where expense is no object in comparison with the reduc- tion of the gradients, in order that heavy loads may be hauled at the lowest cost ; and on the other hand, in the new states the one consideration is cheap- ness in the first instance. It is in the new states that there is no capital to construct "monumental bridges, lofty " stone viaducts, and deep cuttings " through every hill. The line must " begin to earn money at once, and " temporary trestle-work can be re- " placed by stone and iron when the " surplus profits allow of it." The American criticism is that the Eng- lish engineer is too fond of costly tunnels, and does not realise that more skill is shown in avoiding these works than can ever be displayed in constructing them. The English speak of a "permanent way," which once made stands, while the American thinks of a " track," which has to be daily looked after and kept in order. No doubt the circumstances of the two countries are radically different, the one having a permanent population, which often makes the first substantial outlay the truest economy ; but our circum- stances are more akin to those of the sparsely populated portions of America, and hence the special value to us of her experience and example. We in Victoria have differences from the States which will probably pre- vent us from over attaining their standard of cheapness. Victoria is a small coastal colony intersected by ranges, and consequently we have no really great distances nor yet any extensive regions of easy gradients. In the short distance between Sand- hurst and Melbourne we have a height of nearly 2,000 feet to surmount, and Gippsland will always be an excep- tionally costly district. Then there is the political difficulty, that, while an American district makes its bargain with a company, and takes what it can get, here the one con- stituency demands that it shall be put in as good a position as the other, and declines to take notice of the considera- tion that the one locality can pay for a heavy outlay and that the other cannot. Again, the American companies make their own terms with their employés, with the result that while the lines are worked with economy, each according to its circumstances, yet the war between employer and employé has raged fiercely, and is still raging. The idea that a Victorian Government should practise economy in this direction is of course but a dream. The shorter distances here tell against cheap mileage rates, the political system tends to the construction of non commercial lines. and the state will always be saddled with dear labour. These allowances have to be made. But after they are made, we must still submit that our circum- stances are far more akin to those of America than they are to those of Eng- land, and that, as regards construction in particular, it would be well for us to look to the States for hints for our guidance. The Queensland Parliament has been engaged steadily of late in a futile discussion logaidmg tho niotliod in which tho colony is to bo governed nml managed for the future It would appeal, however, that the difficulties, which naturally beset the question of northern separation, have only in- creased. In the first place, Sir SAMUEL GRIFFITH, who has always been most zealous and eloquent against the em- ployment of black labourers, has vir- tually to confess that no substitute for them has y et been found, and as tho impôt tatton of kanakas is now for bidden, the prospect befoio tho planten is by no means leassmnig In the second plact, the rieimei lins dis co\acd that the noitliein and central momba-,, who aio now most confident that Queensland will bo dmded into se\oial colonies, look coldly upon ln-> claboiatcbill foi making three provin cial Riiliaincnts Oin, if not both, of those difficulties is tho natural mid íneutablo icsiilt of tho policy winch the Busbauo Government has pursued doubtless with tho full approval of tho labounng classes in the soutlioin poition of tho colony Queensland, it «as deaeed, was not lo bo a " black mau s "countiy ," the tioublc that has arisen in America was to be foi e\ei made impossible, against the useful "coolie ' a baincade was sot, and tho employ ment of kanakas was ordeied to cease In \aiu was it pointed out that Queensland could nevei become a black man's countiy, as long as tho la« directed that the feouth &ca; labourois should bo sent homo on tho e\piry of then engagements In vam was it uiged that black labour is as necea snry in tho cultnation of liopical pro- ducts as is machineiy in a modern factoiy Such aiguments, and tho tin pot tant fact that black settleuiciits were piohibitcd, counted loi nothing Wnt is tho consequence! fen SUIUM Gummi has been lansacking Em one to obtain cheap laboui, and, ns ho mournfully acknowledges, lins met with little i espouse Haung taken gieat ciedit to hnnselt foi putting an end to black labour, ho is now all cngeinc-s to find means foi enabling the planters to cauy on then business, butcucumstaiM.es aio unfoitunately against lum 'Hw Gcimau Government luu> gue» him t0 undciotand that it objects to bending out nidentuied emigiant* 'Hie Italian Go\ eminent, whoso sub)ects haveothei eountiies than Austiaba to choose for then homes, lefusis to commit itself until it obtains fin thei lnfoimation No one can wonclei at tho hesitation which is thus shown in falling m »»'' ⅈ SAMUH CtitUFiiH's notable scheine A £mopean Government natiually desires that its subjects who emigrate should be paid the eua eut îatoof wages, and objects to allow them to 1» "sweated" in Older that Queensland politicians may be e\tncated fiom n difhculty Tlieie will piobably be ninth tioublo in obtaining the cheap Em o pean laboui which, accoiding lo &ir; SVMUFC GKIIHIH, IS now netes sary to sa\o tho planting indivjM It is trito enough to say that theie are many-people in Europe who gladly work for small wages, but it is another thing to offer them small wages in tropical Queensland, where the ordinary colonial workman demands very high rates. . But supposing that Sir SAMUEL GRIFFITH'S scheine were successful, what would be-the result? The immi- grants'from ] tidy arid Germany would settle--in the colony, since they could not basent away like black labourers at the end of their engagement. These people( imported to do hard and un- pleasant work in the sugar-cane fields at low-wages, would be asked to have their .revenge by remaining in the country and underselling tho present workmen. . -This is a most natural event to anticipate, and.yet it certainly lins never . entered into Sir SAMUIÎL ('HIFHÍTIL'S calculation. And all the confusion arises becauso there is .1 sentimentalprejudieein Brisbane against tim employment of coloured labourers. Tho compromise offered by the Premier on the question of separating northern nnd central Queensland from Brisbane is likely, according to our telegrams, to be abandoned for the present. Sir SAMUEL GJIIKFITH pro- posed - that the colony should bo divided into three provinces, each with its own Parliament, and with full control over its finances and all local matters ; but that the public debt and all matters of general importance should remain under the control of the Queensland Government as they now are. In short, ' the. scheme is an experiment in federation. Tho main reasons for offering it in place of the completo separation., between colonial, -govern- ments-which has hitherto, been the rule in Australia, were said ,to be that it would avoid difficulties in proportioning the public debt, and that it would keep ii]? the value of Queensland- securities. But the agitation for the establishment of a separate colony in the north seems to have advanced too far to permit of such a settlement. Much has been spoken 011 Sir SAMUI:I, GwiTiTn'-* measure from a constitutional point ol' view, and in the ease of some members of the House constitutional arguments may have induced them to delay the hill. The northern and central mem- bers, however, have simply been emboldened to insist upon com- plete separation. They probably wish to settle the labour ques- tion in their own way, and to make sure that, the fiscal policy will be such as to suit the conditions of in- dustry in the north. They are certainly influenced also by the feeling, which no account ol' the public moneys that have been spent on northern harbours and railways can dissipate, that the huge territory which forms the present colony c-annot be governed from a city .situated in the most southern part ol' it. Thus (lie question stands. TYom an Aus tialiau point of view there is little to be said, save that it would bo advisable to havo something like nu Australian federation before Queensland is split into two or three colonies. For the moro the number ol' independent colonies is increased, the greater may he the difficulty in compassing Aus tialinn unity. Wo ave ni hist within sight of thu re- duction of cable rutes, nnd it is lo be Imped Unit tho very much desired end will soon bo gained. The Victorian Government having decided to contribute to tho required giumuitoc has taken a _ otl step foi Wind, mid tis lasmauui anti Western Austi ilia have di cady n_;i cod to nimio in tho nsk it is meiely lcqiuied Iii it New South Wales ai.d South Vus ti dm should join to cause tlio now seule to bo intioduecd ]t Ins been cilculatcd thnfc tho loss lo bo sufleied by Vicloini ns it lcsult of the chango will in the lust you bo ¿20 000, supposing thal tho lcceipts full off to the extent ot 50 poi cent only Lho píos peet, is veiy favourable, and it limy kippen that tho "shortage will bo lunch liss than is anticipated Seeing tlmt tho lutes mo to be leduccd by about tifty pet cent, it may bo expected that the ti adie will expand in tho imoihu ratio until in money Miluo it almost leaches tho o\penditiuo now inclined Tho useis of tho cibles will piobably bo tempted by tho I eduction to double lho liiunbei of then ci mmumcuiioiiH Howes et, it is well to fiice it piobublo loss, lind tho estímate that the falling oft will be to Llic extent of fifty pel cent may foi the time bo accepted In dealing w lth tho matlci it is necessary to look to tho position of the J astoin ] \tension Telegraph Coin pins Jn oidei to mako the chango tiisy foi tho colonial Governments, that icinpimy Ins \olimtanly s HI ltd its au ui0umcnt with them, and issunied huff tho nsk of a loss of io venue No doubt it was actuated by I usiness considerations, but it, is a gi eat iihnntnge tu have dealings with a corn ] my which shows suth ontoipiisc Its conduct conti lists shaiply with tho policy puisucd by tho Government of Queens ¡mil Chat colony benohts gieutly fiom the in iintenanco ot telegraphic coinnuuu eil it n with tho outei wpild, but its G vcnnnenb is willing lo poinub its nei_lil)oms to ben its sluuo of tho uni tuteo mid subsidy No lepiosonta inn seems lo huso lho effect of lnn_ing its Government to a sonso of its position, foi it declines to ssinno w hat is unquestionably mi honoui ible obligation At one time, say long n_o, theio might hn\o been lenson foi tho uoitheiu colony standing aloof, I oc uiso it w is then thought that tho II ei land connection with the cabio system sli wld ha\ o been s ia Queensland, inste id of tluough South Austr dm But no con tioveisy ou that, point now is lil ely to le id to a practical lesulfc Hie lonto lins leen established, and Queensland should nccopt tho situation and pay something fm tho uhantago which it donves fiom tim sen ice To íefuso to accepta liability ' f t'l 000 poi annum foi tho subsidy and oUuantee combined show s something moi o thtiii a lack of neighbourly foclmg In tho uiiuiiulai of the business woild it would hu easy to lind a tonn to accurately desenlio that policy "Gonoial" Booms schomo foi tho leclaiimtion of "Daikest England ' is eeitnmly ambitious Ho pioposes, not to bo,_m on a sniall sctilo and tiy an o\ leiiinent, but lo sweep away by one _igmtie entetpnso all tho povcity and »nsoiy and oven all the MCO, of tho Ihiiled Kingdom On pupa tho schomo is pluisiblo although it ih pionouneod to he unpraclicablo by the Chin iry Organisa ti n Society Tho pool and destitute, the lcafeis and cinmuals, mo to be taken furn the sheets and set towoil in laboui i ids iindei tho duoction of Sahu lion Vimy dlieois Tho best and most hustuoithy among thom will bo Mlectd iftui H puiod of piobntion, uni sent to woik on fmms ni tho pi o uticos Aft ei they bin o thus nequn ed s ino knowledge in farming and fruit kio»Hy, a numbei of those will bo sent to homo colony ovei sea, w hoi o vol tho aiders of the movement aio ablo to olitnm land Work, steady w oi I , is to bo tho means of regeneration But lot us suppose foi a moinont that a liu^o uum Jw of theso patients novel _ot beyond «io fust sta_e that they i elapso into thou Ud liuliits and only seek tho help of tho laUation Anny when they happen to bo .ennüoss, would not tho schomo in that use encourage loafers and impostors 1 If »M what is to be done with those mo claimable moni fnihueswhich over} jem pi aduces amongst humtuut*, ' Oi wo ma.j look .it the nmttei fioiu molhei point of Mew nltogethei One of the main ciuses of poverty in the Inige cities is tho fact that a constant stieiui of people poms into them horn the countiy, attracted by the hope of lnghei wages 01 n moi o conif 01 table existence Many of these aie stiong nnd succeed, displacing othei Inborn 01 ft who, being bl ought np in tbt city, t mnot tuiu then hundí to countiy woik Muny of them, on the othei h nul, lind themselves wholly out of place in ii lni¿c city, uid, bumg unible to obtain constant employment, gi ulindi) soil into the most abject ])o\el 1) ïiow, "Genoiil" Boom pi opuses tlmt,> aftei thej have thus failed, they should bo hunt bick to the countiy ind kept mulei stud discipline, mil mule to vioik foi then bine fond mil shell et Could not siinietlung be dono lo nuke iminliy «oil mole itlmctivo and leshen the nugiatinii into Ibu cities ' In th it case much ot the honest jioveitj which now exists would at onee tome to an end As foi indolent povoit> and ti une, ills diilieult to undoist mil how these will be suppiessed by a sehemo which pie supposes then willingness to woil I lie 1' nuil O Compon« s B At S Home passed Uipc lioriln al O o clock lust nic,ht I hu minis should he delivered in Melbourne tomoirot« mormii, Since tht last "iVuter Supplj Loans Bill was passed some time ago the Goternor m Council has passed orders ton stitulmg irrigation tiusts nnd authorising loans foi migution purposes to the amount of o\ei ¿áuO 000 It is therefore expected that the Government will he oblige 1 lu 1-iuife in n M ntci Supplj Loans Bill before theclosc of this session authorising loans to the amount stated to the various irrigation ti lists ni-hlKr to euirj out the promises of the lilli* Goternmcnt m tins respect Jil Mumo nnd Ins colleagues however intend to-proceed veij cnutiouslj in the mutter of miyUioii m futuie till the results of the expeiimcnts winch are hung innde bj the migntioii tiusts m diflcretit parts of the eoloni ha«e been nsccrtninid It is considered cxtremclj piobnblc, theiefoie, that the CiovermiK nt will discourage the foriiiutioii of ndilitionul irrigation trusts for somi tune to conic because it the liirmeis a« not "oing to mail tlicmsches of the ad «autnges of irrigation bj puicliasmg the water from the tiusts, it is of little use spending lai^e sums on national nutation woiks llieie is a icelm¿ among the man hers of the present Go« eminent Unit the colons has been piocei* lim- liiciiutiouslt in the mnttei ol lriigntion that theie has bein too limsh an expenditure on irrigation woiks, and that it would be well to unit Ku- li «nirortuo to ascertain if the results au commensurate with the oiitlnj before ex pi mim-, um moie boriowtd capital ni that duel tion Hie Cold Commission sit at the Custom lionne «esteida«, and devoted the whole of the afternoon to tin eonsidcintion ot the draft of tin rtpoit which it proposes to mai e to Parliament (lining the next weel oi fortnight 'Hie lepoil, which isa lui"Uij one denis with ti mimbil of impoitimt mutti is lelating to the minni,- industii of the colon} such as the issuing and forfcitutp of hasts tht tiibutp fasten*, tilt prospecting «ote and its distribution, the prospecting and mining bomds nnd the fullihnent of Inborn co« eniints Se« cull amendments were made in the c11 « ft of the lcpoit mid another meet nig will lil c place next neck to further con siller it His 1 xcellencj the dovemoi has been re quested by Professoi lenl s of the Melbourne Umversitt, to grant linn nniiitcrucw lclativc to n protest be is about to malte in reganl to the position iissiuni ii bj the 1 niviraitj C ouiK ii w iib lcfcrence to tin tiirritulum and examination foi the dtgtee ol batheloi of laws I nless some nrinntuuent is come to between Hie council and 1'iofcssor lenks, His I xccllenci will lune to paj a visita tion to the Luncisit« in his oiticinlinpucitt us viHitor to ilccitlc bptvvecn that bod) anti the Piofessor It is piobnble that Jlia 1 \cclleiicj will be ndnscd bj the Attornei General on the subject Admiral (. lim les He_iinu1fc de Fremcsnil, of the lundi winship lluboidieii paid an oflitinl visit to His 1 \collenc) the Govcrnoi vcslcidtiv He wns ltceivcd on landiiy bj n gunid of lioiioin coni])ospd of membtis of the naval forces nuil a sulutc was lnetl from the Domain batten 'J he iiuui) fiientlsof SirCliarles Miic°\fnhon, fonntil) Spcnkci of the Legislative Asscmbl), w ill ie_iot to hi at that foi some tune past he lins sulicieil seveicl) fiom the effects of a cliionic complaint 'Hie mensuies winch wen iccentl) tukenb) Ins medical ndusci, Hi Kothwcll Ailinn haveafiordedStiChurlis MticMnlion much ichcf but ovvmg lo wtill ness that has t iistied Jil Ailinn considcis his condition soincn bat enticiil I he Picimei was nsl ed vcsteidii) bv repie scntntivesof the Aushiilnsiun Chanties Con feience, which rccentl) met m Melbourne to have punted nt a cost of about £200 the pio ceedings of that bod) It was ui_ed that the proceedings and delibeiatioiis of the confur once lind been of _rcat importance, and that tlie publication would be of servite to the various public bodies and chnutablt organisa lions thioughout the colonv, while in fuithei suppoit of the application it was stated that the Government had punted the proceeding ol the Medical Congress held at the Unn eisit) some two) caisufco "Mi Minno it plied that lie would consider the application Hie Munster ol Piiilvvins deanes it be Known that he will notiiceiveaii) deputation on the subject of the suivi) of lines foi ii Iel tua to the Sttiudui_ Committee on Kail vv iiv s I lie Heed) Creek Amaigiunnted "Minors Vssociatiou waited on tin Ministei of ¿lines vesterda) witli îefeience to the action ot the ilepnitment in deniiuuling that it should it ceivi half the _old obtained fiom mines winch w eie subsuhsi d out of the prospecting vote, on the gionnd that the dtpnitment con tubnted £ lor £ to assist tilt com pilli) oi piospcctois conccnneil Llieussociution saul that in fairness the compau) or piospectors should bo permitted to deduct the w n_es and expenses out of the proceeds of the side of the _old and that onlj Hu. net proceeds should be equally divided with the depmt ment 'the Mmistei said he would consult i the matter, anti forward lus îeply in a da) or two It is fern ed b) the department, how cvei, that if the course pioposed is per nutted peisons will continue to work poor "lound, from which onl) ti return of peilmps2os to 30s a week can "obtained, rel) eng upon leccivmga giant of £30 a)car oi so out of the prospet tmg vote in addition, and thus coining ouluiaiy minets' wages 'this, it is considered, would bo merci) a waste of the piospeotmg \ ote J he Minister of Mines w ill timing the nest fevvda)scometoudeterminationuponamtitter mv oh mg a principle of great importance to persons connected with the mining industry. In 1883 Mr Pearce obtained possession of a mining lease covering the ground held by the Woah Hawp Mining Company at Ballarat Aftei mpendnig mone) on tho eicotion of maclunei), he let the ground on titbuto, íe cemn_ a io) alt) of 10 percent on the gross ) ii Id of gold 1 rom that time lie lins received £(1,800 from the tributers, w ho at the same time have divided £0,000 between them in div ulends, mid hav e paid £2,800 m calls 'I lie lease foi the _iound w ill c\pue next month and tile tributeis are now asking that the Mining department should issue the new least to them instead of to Mr Pearce, on the ground that they have been for seveinl jenra worl m" the mint, and he lind been full) lecompensed foi the outla) on tlie plant out of the lojtill) he had received. The Minister will hear Mr Pearce on the matter before decid ing, but he fears that by acceding to the re quest lie would be interfering with the freedom of contract and would be mal ing a new deputuic the resultof winch it would be dill cult to foresne It is the practice of the depiulment to rt issue a lease, on the txpirn tion of the temi to the pievious holder pro udin_ that the labour covenants have been fulfilled, as has been the cuse in this in stance Nominations vveiereceived b) the secretan of Trade and Customs yesterday for the vacan- cies to be created on the Marine Board by the retirement of Captain Clark and Mr. J. A; , Mansfield, on the 20th prox., by elHuxion of ¡ time. The following are the* iiotalniitloji** . received --^Captain Clark, Captain J. Tozer, I Mr. C. Taylor, Mr. C. JJ. Parkin,'for,the ! representation of the shipmasters. Tile polling will extend from the 2nd, pro-x. to the 22nd pros, at the Custom-house. For the representation of the seamen Mr. Mansfield and M r. Sangster were nominated, hut Mr. KangstP-r having been nominated by two per- sons whose names are not on the roll, his nomination paper was held to be informal, and Mr. Mansfield will therefore be. declared elected. The erection of a third bridge over the Yarra in a line with Spencer-street and Clarendon-street remains in abeyance. The South Melbourne Council is endeavouring to arrange a conference between the Harbour Trust, the Melbourne City Council, and itself, with the view of taking steps for the erection of the bridge, designs for which have already been obtained by the Govern- ment. The request for a conference was dis- cussed by the Harbour Trust at its meeting yesterday, when Mr. W. J. Mountain, M.L.A., moved that the trust should regard with favour the proposal to erect a bridge at Spencer-street. The motion was warmly supported by Alderman Moubray, Mr. Charles Smith, M.L.A., and Mr. Thomas Loader, but was lost by the casting vote of the chairman (Mr. N. Thorn- ley, M.L.C.). The reasons urged against the proposal were chiefly that the presence of a swing-bridge at the spot indicated would be a serious obstruction to the river traffic, and that if a third bridge were necessary, it should be placed lower down the stream at Johnston- street. The trust will therefore refrain for the present from appointing delegates to a conference. On the 9th prox. a cheap excursion will be run from Melbourne to Warrnambool and all stations thence to Port Fairy, and stations on the Hamilton and Koroit line. An excursion will leave those places for Melbourne on the following day. This will be the last of what are called "farmers' excursions" to be run this year. The Government entomologist, Mr. C. Kreuch, is now engaged in preparing nn illustrated pamphlet dealing with the locust pest ¡n Victoria. In addition to the local know-ledge regarding the insect there will be included in the publication information ob- tained from other countries regarding the pest and the steps taken to secure its de- struction. There will also be added illustra- tions of the machines and contrivances used in America, and elsewhere for its destruc- tion. The Minister of Lands yesterday agreed to grant the' City and North Melbourne councils four acres of lund jointly, and the Flemington and Footscray councils three acres jointly on the eastern side of the West Melbourne swamp, us a site for the erection of desic- cators. The City Council is to be permitted to l-.-tuin possession of a site containing three acres near the North Melbourne railway station, which had been temporarily reserved for the erection of' a destructor and for stabling purposes. The annual agricultural show at Kilmore will he held to-day, and the Railway depart- ment has arranged to run a special train to that place, leaving Spencer-street at 10.35 a.m., and leaving Kilmore on the return journey at 5 p.m. Mr. Duffy, the Postmaster General, intends to visit the show, and will avail himself of the special train. He will he accompanied by Mr. Graham and Mr. Stuart, M.L.A.'s.. A cable message was received yesterday by the president of the Victorian Branch of the Royal Geographical Society from Sir Thomas Elder, in London, approving of the plan submitted by the council of the society, and also of the conditional selection of ___der second in command, other officers, and men, for the proposed expedition to explore Cen- tral Australia. The party will start from the Peake Station, South Australia, where camels and outfit will be provided. The sectional Railway Committee No. 2 took evidence yesterday in reference chiefly to the line from Donald to Wirrumbirtchip (sic) but generally the question of cheapening the cost of the northern lines was con- sidered. The railway officials were dis- inclined to admit that any proposal, however attractive it might appear, could serve as a substitute for or be in any way cheaper than the departmental methods. On the question of cheaper fencing the com- mittee, however, got some sound practical evidence from Mr. J. C. Cochrane, a practical agriculturist, who said that a fence good enough for railway purposes could be constructed at a cost of within £60 a mile, the departmental estimate being £145. Mr. Cochrane was called more especially to give evidence with respect to the valuation of lands required for railway purposes. He ex- pressed the opinion that a special rate should be struck for lands enhanced in value by railways, taking not only the lands through which railways passed, but also those adjoin- ing. In order to ensure the lands being obtained for railway purposes at a fair price the cost of such lands might be made the basis of the rating. Mr. Coch- rane stated that there was a clause in the present act which enabled them to place enhanced values against damage from sever- ance, but as it applied only to lands through which the line actually passed, it was practi- cally a dead letter. the lettuns ul some of the collections which weie made at the Anglican chuiches in the Melbourne diocese last Sundín, and which are to be devoted to the Uishop ot Milboumes lund, have bein leceived b) the diocesan ic_isliai 110111 these it would seem that the tutul amount contiibuted will, as wits anticipated, be hugel thtui the sum lculiscd hist .Min J he collections tient in nie - Ulhiunts, St Kilda £01,Christi burch SouiliViura, £II1 11s 'Jil St Matthews, Prahran, £ i" Us St Andrews Hiighton, £ 12 , liol) 1 mut), 1 ast Melbourne, i_ 8s lOd , St Georges, Malvern, £22 8a oil , St Petci H, Melbourne, £22 St Paul s Geelong, £20, Chust Chutch, Geelong, £20 los St Mans Caulfield, £18, Hol) limit), linlii clava, £17 Chust Church, St Kilda £10 Is Sd , Chust Church, Han thom, £10, St Johns Melbourne, £M , St (arness Mel bonnie, £U ,-VII biunts Geelong £11 St Albans, Annadale,£14 ,St Martins, Hawks burn, £10 Js Sd 'J lie judges of the Supieme Court hat e now made tu rangements foi conducting the bust ness of the Court during the month of De ccmbei the Chief Justice will continue to sit on and aftei 1st December at the tuul of the dutttors and others connected with the Premiei Permanent Building Association foi conspirnc) The Full Court will consist of Mi Tustice "Williams, Mi Justice A\ ebb (to 13th Decembei), and Mt Tustice Hodges Mi Justice Webb will sit m the Criminal Couit on and after the 15th December to dispose of the calendai foi the month Mi Justice ABecket will talc the chambet and court business, and also the cases on the divorce list 'the hearing of the charge of conspnac) against certain of the ducctois, ofliceis, and borrowers of the Piemter Permanent Building Association w ns continued )esterdu> tit the Banco Court, befóte the Chief Justice Piedk Cieoi_e Lenna, foimeil) acleikmthe cmplo) of the association,gave evidence with legtud to tlicou_inaI loan granted to Bernard Miuph), and its subsequent cancellation and it grantingb) the directors 'Hie witness went into a complicated statement of accounts which lit had intuit- out multi instructions fiom the defendant Doheit) before the fiuluio of the soeiel), showing that J T Courin), as the vcndoi of the ptopert) on which Miuph) applied for an advance, was entitled to leetne altogether £38 20b from Murph) He also described how this mont, wnsplnced to Gourla) s account ni the sin nigs bank branch of the soeiet) Doherfc) bail told the w itness to place £1 ÖC0 to the cash, account as ieprcscntm_ nione) which Mirams batt bud fiom the soeiet), but the witness could not sti) of his own knowledge whether tins was so lhere was no entiv of the £1,503 b) itself in the books 'Hie healing of the case w ill be resumed to da) An action was ti ted jesterdny m the Supreme Court, before Mr Tustice Ilood in which the plaintiff \\\ 1 Field annljtical chemist, sued T. W. Just and \V. V. Massey for't'ôOO damages for fraudulent!« and w rohg full-y using u eei illicite given .by -Jieiplaintiff tjthe'ile'fendants respecting borf)¡?i(nv The plaintiftalfxi naked foran ¡njunc»iouV"strain ¡ilgtbelleftindaiits from using tlH^JÍflid cer tilicnte, and,.claimed £40 alleged to.be due by the- defendant Just for «fork and labour done for him. Mr. Isaacs and Mr. Bryant appeared for the plaintiff nnd Mr. Mitchell for the defendants. It was stated in evidence that early in June last the defendant .lust went to the .plaintiff and asked bim to liy specimens oí ink lind paper with'the view of ascertaining whether some ink which Just hud made was.indelible or not. The plaintiff tried.the samples of ink, and respec- tingone ot them ga\e ncertitlcn.te.tO' Just to the effect that it resisted all attempt»' nt removal hy chemical means, and coulil only be removed by ilestroj ing the paper? The plaintiff stated .that it was agreed he was to' iin«c £-10 from the defendant Just for his trouble and the certificate he guv e him. Sonie vieeks after the reitihcate ««a» gi«c-n 'Ju**È| advertised an"aiili- foigeryiiik"forsale, unir* published the certifícale of the plaintiff' stating that writing done by it could not be removed from paper. The de- fendant Mitsney was appointed by Just as his agent to further the sale of tim ink. Two bottles of it were bought from Massey and tested, and according to the evidence for the pluintiff this was found not to bo the same ink as ho lind certified to, but was nn ink that could be easily rcmo«cd. The de- fendant Massey when he was informed of thntfuct gave up his ngencj*. The'defence was that the plaintiff had no cause of action against the defendants ; and Just paid £5 Gs. into couit as sufficient to recom- pense the plaintiff foi any «i-oik he had done for bim. A good deni of skilled ei ¡dence vvus taken in tlip case, and his Honour then said bo «vus cou «iiiccd that the ink which was sold «ins not the sume us Mr. Kielli had certified to. He did not think, however, JiiBt had acted fraudulently, but believed that, through care- lessness or inexperience, be bad1 made n different kind of ink from that which he submitted to Field. He therefore gave an Injunction against Just prohibiting him from using the certificate, but without costs, as fraud had not been proved. The' injunction was refused us regarded Massey without costs, and a verdict was gil cn for plaintiff as against Just only for £40, for work and labour done, with costs. Mr. Bryant applied yesterday to Mr. Justice Williams in the Practice Court for judgment to he signed in the action oí the Investment Company of Victoria Limited against Andrew Wright. The action was brought to íecover £1,093 Is. 4d. fruin the defendant, us money alleged to be due on calls mude by the com- pany on 500 shares held ia it by the defen- dant. The application was made on the ground that there had not been any real cause of defence btafed. The defendant, however, filed an alfi-fciyit setting forth grounds why he should be allowed to defend the action. They were to the effect that early in 1888 he held 500 of the first issue of shaies made by the company, but that he went to Kngland, and while he waa away his son, AV. T. Wright, sold those shares, and afterwards bought 000 others under a second issue which the company made. The de- fendant submitted that his sou had no power to act as lib had done in respect of the shares, omi that therefore he (the defendant) was not liable for calls on any shores of the second issue. His Honour suid there were disputed questions ns to facts in the case, nnd gave leave to the defendant to enter a defence. The seduction action, Whyte v. flemlenou, wins concluded yesterday before Mr. Justice A'lieckctt and n special jury, und resulted in a vcidlct for the plaintiff for £;i(i0. The plaintiff'sued John M. Hendeison for £1,000. damages for the loss of the seiviccsof his daughter Catherine. JitaHonour, insuniming up, said theie were admissions, both in con- duct and in words, on the pint of the de- fendant of his having been (he father of Miss Whyte's child, and the defendant, ac- cording to his own description of himself, «vas a most (lespicaüle,contemptii-iecieiiturc. Mr. beon iippeiired for the plaintiff, and Mr. Box and Mr. Fink for the defendant. The will of the late Mr. William Miittin, fonnerly of Melbourne, vtarehonseninn, recently of Dumfries, Scotland, has been lodged for jirobate. The will was dated nth December, 1WS1, and the testator died on 9th June last. The propel ty left by him is valued at £42,010, all personal-}*. (Inder the «vill £20,000 is bequeathed to the testntor'b widow,.and the balance is left to telatiios and friends. Probate of the will of the late Mr. John Munro, of Lisson-grove, Hawthorn, is about to be applied for from Mr. Justice Williams. The testator died on the 20th ull., and the will is dated 23lh September last. The estate left by him is valued nt£20,000, all personal propeity. The testator has be- queathed £100 to the Major of Melbourne for distribution amongst sucli Melbourne charities as he may think tit. He has also left £100 to the poor board of Lairg in Scotland. The remainder of the property is left to relatives and friends. The charge against the j-oung «vornan namedKvelhioKvansClcgg, of " Whinstono" house, Grey-street, St. Kilda, of fraudulently attempting to obtain goods from the Mutual Stoie, was beard at the City Coutt yesterday, Theie were five other charges of a similar ehiuncter against the accused. Her practice, accoiding to the evidence gil cn, «vas to visit laige city shops and older gootls in the naines of customers . of the (inns. She appears to have occupied a i espectable posi- tion, and was personally acquninted with most of the people «those names she lind ghen. She «ins committed for tn'al on (ive clinigcs, one of obtaining a subscription fiom Mr. C. J. Ham under false pietenccs being «i-ithdiim-n, as the police were not íeady to proceed with it. Further legislation concerning the lo talistttor is deemed necessaiy in France, ii. Constuns, Minister of the Interior, intends («vi ¡tes the Bails correspondent of the Daily Telojrapli, of October 13) to piopose II law dealing with the " paii-mutuel " betting sjstem. It vvBB made permissible by n Ministerial Decree some j-etus ago, on condi- tion that 2 per cent, on the bets should go to ««.oiks of bene«olence nnd of public titilitj'. An immense sum «vus pioduccd in this way ; but as it did not reilly belong to the state, nnd «ins not deposited in the Treasuiy of the Bepublic, some piactical difficulties arose as to its distribution, and a large amount still remains awaiting disposal. At last gambling among both men and women became so widespiead - especially in Paris, where every «vine shop was a " puii-mutuel " \- and so many thefts and bank- ruptcies took place in consequence, that M. Constans, also by Ministerial dcciee, suppressed the system summarily every «vheie except on|courses «vheie Hieing is going on, but in o recent case before the coutts it w as laid doivn by the judges that to make the " pari- mutuel " legal according to the Lottery Law of 1838, to w hich the originating Ministerial decree nssimilated it, an annual license was not sufficient. They slated, in fact, that a fresh permission was necessary for every day, and they doubted whether it «vas not necessary for e\ ery race. In order to get rid of these difficulties M. Constans pro- poses to establish the "pari-mutuel" on racecourses only by law, the license to carry ¡ton being revocable at pleasure. The 2 per cent, is still to be exueted, but will be poid regularly into the State Treasury. It will afterwards be allotted to the Assistance Publique, or Poor Belief Fund, and other beneiolent institutions in such manner as tile Minister of the Interior, aided by ad« ¡sers selected specially for the woik, shall decide. The Berlin correspondent of the Daily Xeivs, telegraphing on October 10, gives sonic interesting particulars of the Intentions of the Kmpeior William with' regard to the working classes. He says :-" The Kmpcror has more than once expressed his desusé Unit (Somethlu/í taígllt be done to piovide bptter and (?heapqridAvclllngs.for «vorkmon. It is now stated that the Minister of Commerce has in view the erection of 4,000 small houses in Lichtenberg, a suburb of Berlin. Fach house will cost £200, and special arrange- ments are to be made by which workmen will be enabled to' purchase the houses they occupy! For this purpose an advance of ¿"Iii must firat be made, and the re- mainder mu) then be ' paid- at the rate of .Äs./;-vveekl.v, wliicjrl'w'ill include the '_n_nmf the redemption of capital. Should' this experiment "liavè' the success which is'anticipated for It,' the Government will continue to build such houses.' The Emperor hn's also expressed a wish that rail- way communication between Berlin, where the- workmen' have their employment, and the' submits whcie they reside, should be .made as cheap as possible. The ltailway 'Minister is now about to introduce special workmen's trains by which the men will be able to travel to and from their employment nt greatly reduced fares. .There is no doubt that tliispractioal social policy will be greeted everywhere with the greatest satisfaction. It proves once more that the Kmperor is resolved that his ideas for the impiovement of the condition of the working classes should be iicteil upon." The committee of the Victoria Amateur Turf Club at its meeting to-day decided to erect a new grand-stand nt Caulfield to re- place the present wooden structure, which does not meet all the requirement« of the visitors to the course. The new- edifice will be built of stone mid brick, and will be in two stories. . It is the intention of the com- mittee to offer ft premium of £300 for the best design, mid £100 for the second best, mid pinn» will shortly be advertised for. A final meeting of the Mayor of Mel- bourne's Testimonial Portrait Committee was held yesterday afternoon nt the Town hall, where the picture painted by Mr. ,T. C. Waite was on \ ¡civ, and wo« much admired. It was resolved that the Mayor's attendance should be invited on Wednesday next, at ?! p.m., vvhen-the presentation will be mude. At the Havvthorn Council last night Coun- cillor Westley gave notice to move nt next meeting " That this council place on record its protest against "General" Booth's so-called cinigintion scheme, und that the Premier'be written to, pile-losing copy of this resolution, and asking him to take such steps as may be necessary to prev ent the influx of such so callcd immigrants to this colony ; also, that a copy be sent to the member for the district (Captain Taylor) with a request that he w ill do his utmost to forward the wishes of the council in this matter." Councillor Westley expressed his belief that the colony would become the depot for a number of reclaimed criminals if '" General " Booth's scheme were carried out. "The oil-paintings and water-colour draw- ings constituting the Holloway Gallery, of which we gave some notice when it was first opened a few weeks ago, me to be disposed of by public auction this afternoon at the line-art gallery ol' Messis. Gemmell, Tuekctr, and Co. The oii-paintiiigs have been selected from the woiks of five living or demi lioyal Academicaii8-Sir K. Landseer, V. Goodall, Jt." Ansdell, John Pettio, and t\ 1!. Lee ; and of one associate, B. W. Leader ; and among the other British and foreign artists of note represented are W. Muller, James %ebb, li. Schlesingcr, J. W. Xicol, U.S.A., William'Davies, A. Grimshaw, and J. J. Lceuiputlcn. The subjects are exceedingly diversified ; and among the artists who have executed the I-f water-colour-drawings will be found the well-known names of T. L. Ifovv botham, W. Dutfield, James AVebb, mid Dav id Cox, jua. lu connection with the correspondence which has been carried on in 7Vie Anjm on the subject of ladies' hats in theatres, a note was taken at the Opera- house hist night of the different varieties of Judies' headdress to be seen in the stalls. In that portion of the house there weie ¡Mil patrons, of whom 311 weic Indies. The following is the list: - Bonnets,. 104; stiavv hats, 55; sailor huts, 0Í) ; toques, li; travelling caps, (i ; Tam o' Shunter hats, 3 ; Gainsboiough hats (big), 7 ; indes« ¡bable, 22. A concert of ti novel churactcr wns given in the upper hall of the Atheiireum hist evening in aid of a fund for Sotindinavians in distiess. It consisted entirely of Scandi- navian n'ilisic given by petforiners dressed in Xoiweginu, Swedish, and Danish costumes. Several .Ojos wert' sung by Miss Anna Stein hiirfeV ¿nliiii nrtfstio mniiiicr, and some highly interesting pieces of concerted vocal musió were cóiitributed by members of the Senndi iinviiin Church choir, instrumental selec- tions were also given on tho pianoforte anil violin. There was a large audience present, Including many ladies and gentlemen of Scandiniivian nationality, and each item met with an enthusiastic reception. At the Museum of Waxworks yesterday Felix Tanner completed his second day's fast, and, so far as his appcaraucR goes, gives no indication of any suffering by his abstinence from food. The following entry was innde yesterdnj'. in the doctor's minute-book: " With the exception of a loss of four pounds in body weight since the beginning of his fast, there is little change in Mr. Tanner's condi- tion. Ile-states he feels welland strong; has slept di hours last night. Ile baa drunk 21oz. of cold Vim Venn water since hulf-pnst -I jes terday afternoon, and at the present time is neither liungiy nor thirsty.-PEUX MKÏKII, M.B." An organ recital will be given in the Town hall this afternoon by Mr. David Lee, city organist. In response to the appeal mude in The Aryus by Mr. li. L. ¡"ox, M.L.A., on behalf of a gentleman in destitute circumstances, the following, further donations-have been forwarded- to us by Mr. Zox:-Mrs. J. Daiej-, £1 10s.: Maurice Urodaky, £1 Is.; Janies PJiipps, £1 Is.; P. X. Jenkins, i'l Is.; Jeremiah "Boland, £t Is.; AT. Friedman, £1 ; K. Dillon, £1 la.; Joshua Langley, 10s. Col- lected bj'Mr, W. 11. Isaacs-Messrs. J. Gate- house, £2 2s.; Leon Cohen, 10s.; Joseph Solomon', ¿T Is.; Lewis Lyons, 10s. Uu.; Samuel Allen, 10s.; Harry Haines, £1 ; Isaac Allen, 30s.; (!. liumiii, 10s.; J. Hausmann, t'l ; Oscar Barnett, £l ; M. Qahiluu, 10s.; J. Cohen, £1 ; G. Mutdoch. £1 ; J. I. Stiqni. £1; B. Coleman, 10s.; II. Coleman, £1 : C. Flem- ing, ins.;; Bonjuuiin Allen, £1 ; Alf. Harper, 10s.; Istmo Barnard, 10s.; Dr. Lawrence, 10s.; Michael Cohen. 10s.; J. Harper, 10s.; - Byrne, 10s.; P. M'Xaughton, 10s.; A Friend, 10s.; total. £27 Ss. Hil. Major J. Stanley, bon. secretary of (ho United Service Home, desiics to acknowledge the fnllovring additional subscriptions in aid of the home :-Castlemaino Hides, £2(5; Major-Genera Keogh, £11! ; St, Arnaud Hungers, £13 12s. Oil.; collected by CuptuinW. T.IIeay, Hamilton, £10 10s. Gd.; Melbourne Coal, Shipping, and. Ungineering Company Limited, £10 10s.; 'I'. B. Payne, £3 5s.; Gordon- Shite Council, £5; Sergeant Browne, Victorian Mounted Billes, Thoona, £2 9s.; collected by manager Bank ol' Australasia, Mnlvcni-roud, £1 8s. 2d.; Lieutenant,Lessor, Colerniiie.Ciulcts, £1 Ss'.; Campbell and Sons, £t Is,; Lowan Shire Council, £1 Is.; J. Sawers, donation £1 Is., annuul subscription £1 Is.; collected by F. Tate, £1 ; Lieutenant P. M'B'ride, 17s. (Id.: collected at National Bank, Cnstle . maine, 10s. ; Sergt.-Major O'nnrn, 10s.; col- lected during V.U.A. matches, (is.; "A Friend," 2s.; S. Acheson, Is.; W. Menzies, Is. In response to the appeal by Mr. B. W. Johnston for Dr. B-irnurdo's Homes in The Aryua of Mondnj-, ft "Poor Widow" sends Is. . The name of thegentlemnn who responded for the old colonists at tin! dinner of the Old Colonists' Association on Tuesday ' as re- ported in The Argus should have been given as Mr.' John Whitelaw instead of Mr. P. Whitelaw. . We have received the book almnnac for 1891 published by Mr. M. L. Hutchinson, of Collins-street. It is in its 32nd year of publi- cation. As the naval and military tournament is being held on the 29th hist., and the naval and military sports on the (ith December, the hcad-c-uarters' band will not play in the Botaiueal-giu-dens on those Saturdays. Messrs. C. J. and T. Ham «vill offer by auction, to-day, properties in . Toorak, Williams-road, and Northcote. Fraser and Co. Limited are advertised to sell by auction, today, properties in Fust Melbourne. 