Council. ? wig, Witton. Cona lor, | SmiA, and Ander- From that te rtbista totn levefe feted. Pron Borwi [>X1>KXCE. Warragul, stating I against the payment Warragul, procatting down of the his residence.—The i Mr. Graham that the effi ha ve been legally ' Marsh Shire Council, uf resolution passed by assisted immigration. —<Sonncilj •ttetttid P^lK-ty' •TOIJL Ornish, LnrtLner, calling waut of a road near his ft with by motion, igul District Hospital, ubscription towards the council Public otion. Yea, asking support of Webster for a seat at the h.—Received. :d Telegraph Department, Department trill provide £ul post office, and pay viz., £6 Ifli per annuiu.— clock for Offei tight -Pnoii all and Jackson, stating "oUes; to gire estimate for the ^j~ e i at^ti„i<tf a map of the shire, also for e . re Prodction by photo-lithogmpliy of copies •Froi fa*** le sal at;.—Secretary to reply, luds Department, calling at to |i,e daugiir to be apprehended ll^ fitss. i filss, and ucnuer Dicing iwoii upon council coaucil •hSjity of employing gangs of Sjlf, during night time tbe ^ _ the noiiHis roads within the SureJ^tbus creating fire-breaks.—Received. From Railway Department, slating that no date has been fixed for the Commissioners' >isit to WarraguL —Received. From ?ubie Health Department, forwarding cdpyof letter from Air. Alliusou, Warragul, respecting the bad state of the drain in front of his shop.—The Secretary to requtt the Central Buard of Health to appint an ofiiiajr to inspect and report. From Jaiaes *oola:!. South VvanaguL, offering to cm scrub on M'DimsM s Track, opl>osite I; selection, for £3; also to cut four stor, trees off M'Douaid's Track for 10s.—Ptponed. From J. C. Sun. Melbourne, asking council to cle.ir Stoa-street eastwards from main roatl, d Normauby-street southward about ttchaius, of standing timber, as it endanjej a uew fence jle was erecting.—to Crs. Connor and Smith and the F»necr From D. Kennedy VarraguL, asking council to improve t. ;tl;.j leading to his brick kiln; also »ja„ that he is manufacturing drain ^ tiles, and channel pitchers, and Siting council's t" port- From P- Anderson, u)wong East, stating terms for aliow r<j;l(j to ^e made'through his properDeait with in Engineer's report. \ Fsom J. Backeoiler, applyfor permission to occupy v re "Iuore „r less of the municipal reser^j„illing ^ Basel Creek, for the parp^f eieetiu.r public baths.—Received. TEXDEKS. 1 For works on Roger's wn- -,{„„ ^ i^Tor dealing on Roberts* i>£,-Uiarc LIS 15s. , 3\. Grabbing trees, Dnimt ,Qld Flesh tenders. •L Clearing oa Judi^^oa^L^j-^i,,.^ a£JS? IAG 0N CHRFEIIE,S SOUTH EIDLVG. / e. For works LardnerV? Track /juncfcoa with Hamilton's road, sin and Altaian, 13s. , l w / " cl^f rin g format™ Brooders, biieehan amiAikarr' \ °J' and clearin srath of Bear Creek Bridge. J ishcroft, 9\. For cutting undergrowth xract soath-ivesterlr fo,m t.. Arnold. L2S, maid's H. 10 For cutting nnderero\i/ iJIU Bear *aeek south to 51-Donald's Arnold, LI 1. " """"" 6 ' " " " II. torclearingaEdotheriJil-Donald's Track, between Tarwin roik'd Clancr's J. P. As Li croft. LM*- i- for works, Poowon^ea." Danish , Settlement. Sheehauand A-f", to amoaiit j vf - m. Ueanng from Buret road south. 3 » - AShcwft,LIlI0s. 1 j W J I S M ^ nean»mi store road. | 15 Knr, / / cu . [ «h«hIZTliSWi 13111 6 • 1 C . f e t S r S f f l t i i and Aikmaii. Li I ] ShechJ [ res**™™, " I ' D.-STECTOE OF W C E S KEPORT. I l have to report fo/ue information of me local board Umt tfdraiii at the inter- ! wctaon of Smith an/Palmerston-streets j «nes not cany off U/water which flows, ®>wn Victoria-streafchannel aud at the Present tune there fa considerable quan- ™ y ot stagnant walr lying in the Palmerwon-street chauneV At Rickirds' corner i e ®°ght, culvert iu my opu/>n, whicf crosses to be Smith-street replaced by i open channel/similar to the one in rhenever a heavy storm ewnes the stonu'water that flows down Victoria- street Kiuses the silt to accuniu- «le at the entrance into the culvert, and we water, instead of flowing through the culvert, spreads river the street. I have also to lfeport that the earth enjMnch empties itself into Victona- streetcl|inneI infrontoFAllisou'E saddlers shop, generally emits a verydisagreeable stench; the drainage from the several bouses in this block of buildings is carried Into this channel, and on inspecting the contents tills drain j while . it was flowing into tkt street channel, I noticed a large number of maggots of various sizes luxuriating in jthe filthy contents that came out of tie drain. After this I examined the several gratings in the back yards of those persons from which this filthy drainage most have come, but I was unable t^ detect any trace of filth having been tshcown into the drain, but for all this I ai decidedly of opinion chat filth which shoald not find; its way into tins drain is tnwu-n into it, and that by the occupiers at some of the premises in this bloat of boSiujgs, or the disgusting sight of a lot of live maggots would not lie Been in .drainage water. It is certainly not iu ill pleasant to the nasal ca^ans of those *ho have to walk the stradB oE our to*^ that die foul stench should have to "he endured dally through the dirty habits of some of the householders In this Made of buildings, and if I can utfly find ontwho 'the guilty parties are I will make an example of them. CESEBJU, BESTNESS. Witton—Coanor—rThat the Water V Supply Committee empowered to obtain froma ^oiijggj euj^tieec M to the; t practicability nj ^ Tarrego proposal tor ! * water $upply|ixthe town of Wanagni, 3 abo as to tl" 5 jxxib,)^ cost of—1st, An J irrigation. scheme Applying die land- owners in ;North Biding with water for irrigation purposes and Warragul with a plentiful supply for household purposes. 2nd. The cost of an urban scheme supplying the town only with water. 3rd. Cost of report not to exceed £15. 4th. The Buln Bnln Shite to be informed of the proposed action of HUB council, BO that that council may take the necessary steps to join in the scheme in the interests of Drouin and north portion of that shire. Vwttou—Connor—That the erectiouof public baths for tbe use of the townspeople be referred to a committee consisting of the three central riding members and that the committee be empowered to choose a suitable site and bring np a report as to the probable cost &c.;, also to receive applications from private firms willing to construct and open baths for the nse of the public at a low charge. Watt—Armstrong—That the Engineer prepare specifications for dealing scrub off road to Mr. Cornish's, and that tenders be called for same. Irwin—Armstrong—That the Engineer employ day labor to fill m some ruts and burn ofi fallen timber on the Bloomfield road from State School to main Gippsland road. Irwin—Armstrong — That contractor Canaie be allowed to cny out his contract on the Bloomfield ro-td as firstagreed upon, 30 chains; if there is not. en.iugli money ou the r«>:i i to pay him. he is satisfied to wait after 30tli September forihe balance. Connor—Witton—That the Secretary be instructed to apply for the .imouutdue by the Bain Bulu Shire f<.r boundary works. Connor—Anderson—That the Engineer be instructed to have the water pipes be longing to tie council within the Railway reserve taken up and reLiid in Queen and Smith-street, the work to be d-ne either by contract or day labor, as directed by the councillors for Ceati-al Riding. Witton—Connor—'That the President and Cr. Smith be added to the water supp'y committee. Armstrong—Smith—That the E«gineeL be instructed to prepnre speciticaiiiius for catting all nudergrou th aii.l all standii! treesand bum off same on Ruffeft's r.ad', tei:ilei-i i>t Ik- called for nest njecling uf this council. Armstrong—Smith—That the Engineer be i!i~t:\ict«d tu notify contractors Irwin and Ct>. t» complete the unmade portion of Leudman's hill, niiiin north road, at schedule prices. >Vit ton —Cnniior—That this council vote a sum of L50 to the building funds of the Warragul Local Hospit.iL '.Vittuu —Connor—That the president sign and se;d the voucher from the Railway department for the amount due the central i-iding for works under the Local liiianl of Health in lane Section L, township of Warragul, north side of the railway line. Smith —Armstrong—That the secretary be hereby instructed that the council objects to the aiinu.il audit being earned on except during the usual working hours of each day, and that charges made as for work done after those hours will not be recognised by the council. Smith —Armstrong—That the Minister of VCate- Supply be written to asking at what cost this council win obtain the use of a boring machine for the purpose of boring for water within the town of W'arragul. Connor—Anderson—That the secretary be instructed to request Mr. '^'ilkie to seud in a complete statement of accounts between himself and the shire re Craig v. the shire, and all other matters up to date, same to be forwarded in time for nest meeting. Connor—Anderson—That the engineer be instructed to call for tenders for works in Gladstone street up to the amount available for same on rough estimate, works to include culvert and drain west side, culvert to be built to permanent leveL Coauor—Anderson—That the secretary be instructed to have the whole of the byelaivs written up iu full in time for next meeting, and to do all other acts in accordance with the provisions of the Local Government Act to enable the council to adopt same. Connor—Witton—That the Public Works Committee be empowered to meet this day fortnight to accept tenders, three to form a quorum. TIle f<j I ' lir,v " ! o accounts were passed for payment :— John Irwin and Co., L90; M. Canaie, L150; John M'Lean, LT 10s; Mulhare Bros., L3; John M'Lean. L7 10s: W Condon, LIS ; Edwatrf Byrne L10 w! *- F^er, LI 10s; G. Lon^ale, 10s; Byrne and binelhe. LS8 0s. lOd ; Thomas Condon, L9; Walter Kelly, L312s; John M'^amam, 7s; W. Wilson, L8: Walter Kelly. LI35 4s ; Thos. Fitzgerald, L10 • -,V. Johnston, LIS ; John GauUett, Lll 5s ; H. Witts, L24 ; John M'Lean, L30 - W. Ashcroft, LIS 15s; Thos. Condon L45; Aiex. M'Pherson, las; A. Aikman L5 ; day labor, Ll« Is ; II. J. Powell L144 13s 7d ; John Pickeu. L10; A. II! Thuriow, LG; Mulhare Bros., 16s 6d • Gaullett, John 14s; W. M'Lean, Johnston, L2 ; 14s: John Kilpatrick Gaullett, and LI Co., L38; <1\. H. Alford, 3s 6d; T. A. WQliaius, LI 12s 6d ; E. W. Symoiids, 10s 6d ; Anderfum Bros., 5s 6d ; James Biram, 10s 8d ; P. P. Kind, L30 3s. 