MELBOURNE GRAIN MARKET. WEDNESDAY, Arnir. SIR, THE NEW ZEALAND LOAN AND «UBIOAMILB AGENCY COM AVV L-iiirrKU report - what. grain market has since the Easter recess been quiet, the trade having supplied immediate, as Zita prior to the holiday a. Offerifornow wheat lia\ehrt.n on a lower rate, but (hero in a tin sir me, demand for old, and h iff h prices offered without having time Sellers Stocks of this description are now extremely small owing to the fact that millers for the past time in ont he have had to mix old with new wheat of red. j to obtain a good baking flour Tile immediate outlook of the wheat market is uncertain, and the future of prices risen in on the course of events in Europe Our latest London cables, although notifying firmer market, do not report any rise in quotations for cargoes, and hence if our surplus is to find a market, holders! will have to accept the money unless a corrLi ponding advance on the other side brings prices are no toalitpptug limits here Fair rains have fallen in most of the agricultural districts, but in some quarters complaints are still heard in the soil being' too hard for ploughing Our delhi rice of wheat and flour during the past neither been offered by the suspension of the (Hi. arranging ments during the holidays The call, to a, ceipts at Spencer street and the various Melbourne on the tallow 9 cover 1" 2000 bags of wheat and flour, as (compared 27,007 l\\\uA to hand during the correct ponding seek the year Ourgross receipts by rail at the aboiimmUonud stations from the 1st of January to the 12th of April are re turned at 400 lb bags of a heat and flour, as against 4UD,B(U beg to hand during the same period In ltJSfl Our exports to date cover 10 060 tons of wheat, or its equivalent, In flour No new shipping ongivtiutiita reported theatres strong demand (for old at extreme prices is a, shade, as her to die prime milling start sold at 3. 6d , faced. Is. 6d to Ja Utd and old at 4s Hour -^onmconollerahlo bit sinew has been done of I it and bakers have bank ed somewhat freely in advance (Quotations range from 20 upward, for c entry mile, whilst bakers lots of town roller trade Had it ELI) 5 Oit«-Mippllci Tartar and the heavy yields in New land immigrant that there is not much chance of rain i inn flying To day prices were easier We meet - LatutMH is led to Is 11d Algerian, 21 21 tons Jd lar man's 41 to go. Rd Danish, is, SJ to as. QJ. , mind, is led to lia and seed, 3s 4d. to 3s (kt light Good malting lots and the new homestead, To-day very badly done, -Kui sold from 2s to 2s 4d. iniltingji.1^ be is tyrannical himself fit SS Co' that -'day as it is Id 1 ran - Goo . Half a mud i nee 10 1 to 11d 1 allard A few lots quitted at 10d. 