. TELEGRAMS. ADELAIDE AND LONDON TELEGRAPH. [By Submarine Telegraph.] London, August 1. The of Zetland (Lord-Lieutenant of Ireland) declares that Ireland is now virtually free from crime. The Eight Hon. H. C. Raikes, the British Postmaster-General, in reply to a question in the House of Commons, stated that the establishment of the re duced postal rates between Great Britain and Australia will not now be long deferred. He also hoped for an early settlement of the question of revised postal rates between Great Britain and India. The Committee of the British House of Commons on immigration and coloni zation has deferred its report until next year, owing to dissension with respect to emigration. The shares in the Australian Cities Investment Company, promoted primarily | to purchase a large estate near Sydney, have beeen allotted. London, August 2. The Sultan of Zanzibar, under the in fluence of the British Government, has forbidden the sale or exchange of slaves in his dominion. He has also closed the • depots used for the slave trade. It is pro- J vided that slaves may purchase their free ■ dom, and that slavery shall end with the • death of the present owners. The Arabs, : who are the people principally concerned in the slave trade, accept the decision of the Sultan with composure. Another Nihilist plot, which had for its object the murder of the Czar of Russia, has been discovered. Before the ■ conspiracy became known two officers of the Imperial Army, who were con ■ cerned in it, committed suicide. There j have been numerous arrests at St. Peters burg and Moscow. The Economist in an article on the Railway Construction Bill now before the Legislative Assembly of Victoria states that it is a matter of great regret that the . selection of the lines to be constructed in the colony is not submitted to the non political Commissioners, who are respon \- sible for the management of railways when constructed. The article asserts that the ' Government are compelled to increase the mileage of the proposed lines, as other wise they would be defeated. The Democratic members of the Senate < of the United States are moving amend ments to the McKinley Tariff Bill now before that House with the object of reducing the import duties. The drafts of the Union Bank of Cape ' Town have been refused in London. The liabilities of the institution are £600,000. It is expected that the shareholders will .be paid in full. _ The Daily News publishes horrible ■ details as to the alleged treatment of | ■ ordinary prisoners by the Turkish autho rities in Macedonia. It is alleged, among • other things, that people are tortured by placing them in ant hills. Mr. William Windom, the Secretary of j the Treasury of the United States, has ■ decided that his department will pur ■ chase silver in lots of a minimum weight ■ of 10,000 oz. News has been received from America that two ladies while bathing above the Palls of Niagara were swept over and killed. The three packages of butter dis patched by the Victorian Minister of Agriculture by the s.s. Oroya, with a view of testing the suitableness of • different descriptions of boxes, have proved to be equally good, and in each case the contents are untainted. The value of the butter is 80s. per cwt., that of the best Danish being 92s. The Privy Council has refused to accept a petition from the Tasmanian Railway j Company on the ground that it was irregular. The Directors expect that the appeal now being made from the Supreme Court of Tasmania will be abandoned. M. Jacques has completed his fast of forty-two days at the Aquarium, West minster, thus beating Succi's record by ! two days. It is reported that Lord and Lady Dunlo, who were concerned in the recent -action for divorce, have become reconciled, but it is not known whether the statement is absolutely correct. . The Sultan of Turkey has quite ignored \- the memorials of the residents of Armenia praying for a redress of the grievances under which they suffer. In the House of Commons last night the Speaker severely rebuked Sir William Vernon Harcourt for accusing the Govern ment of insolent conduct towards the Scotch members. There waB an exciting j :scene in the House in connection with the incident. London, August 3. . Messrs. Huddart, Parker, & Co.'s new .-steamer, the Hygenia, developed twenty three miles an hour upon her trial trip. The Local Taxation Bill has been read a third time in the House of Commons. The cholera is now appearing at Bada joz, inSpain. Mr. John Gillespie will suoceed to the vacancy jon tlie: Board of the South Aus tralian Petroleum Company caused, by the resignation of Mr. Brooks. . MacCaffrayy a .man who has made numerous sensational jumps from bridges, leapt from a bridge over the Charles River at Boston, a depth of 160 feet. He was killed by the fall. The Government of Turkey, fearing a rising in Armenia, where the population are very discontented with the . Sultan's rule, have called out the reserves. London, August 4. .The Supreme Court of Cape Colony has made an order for the winding up of the | affairs of the Union Bank of Cape Town, whose drafts have been refused in | London, and whose liabilities are esti-1 mated at £500,000. Very hot weather still prevails some parts of America. Thirty deaths from sunstroke are reported as having I recently occurred in Chicago. Lord and Lady Dunlo and Mr. Wer theimer, the co-respondent in the recent | action for divorce, have dined together. Lady Dunlo is at the present on starring tour in Ireland. She and her I husband are expected to take a tour through Cape Colony and Australia. The Emperor William of Germany, who is on a shortvisit to Her Majesty the | Queen, has landed at Cowes, in the Isle of Wight, where Her Majesty is now staying. A splendid reception has been accorded to the Emperor William at Osborne, the Isle of Wight residence of the Queen. A report from Paris states that a dyna mite mine has been discovered on the railway between Reval and Narva, two Russian towns, on the route which the German Emperor will take on his way to St. Petersburg to visit the Czar. It is believed that the mine was prepared with the object of wrecking the Royal train. The Greek Church settlement at Mount Athos, or the Holy Mountain, haB been burnt. Mount Athos is a mountain of Turkey, at the extremity of the penin sula of Chalcis, eighty miles south-east of Salonica. It was the seat of the first seminary of the Greek Church, and the large number of monks who inhabit the hill form a kind of monastic Republic under the Turkish Government, to whom they pay annual tribute. The fire had a most devastating effect upon the forests on the mountain sides. It also destroyed a number of monastries I and hermitages. Twenty monks and hermits perished in the flames. The damage done is estimated at £1,000,000. The issue of fresh edicts on the part of the Russian Government against the Jews is denied, but it is admitted that old enactments against them are being rigidly enforced. The French Senate has passed the Bill | providing for a surtax upon sugar. The Countess of Jersey has accepted a j parcel of Australian rubies. London, August 5. The Anglo-German Agreement Bill, which defines the respective rights of Great Britain and Germany in East Africa, and provides for the cession of Heligoland to Germany, has received the assent of Her Majesty the Queen. The Times to-day gives a long descrip tion of the new pattern torpedo invented | by Mr. Murphy, the Victorian engineer, formerly of New Zealand. Twenty-four British sailors, belonging I to the British Squadron on the American | Station, deserted the service at Newport, Rhode Island. They were pursued by|a | party from the squadron. When over taken they resisted vigorously, and were not overpowered until two of them were killed. One was shot, and the other died | of a sabre wound. ~ Some startling revelations have been | made in reference to the use which Prince Bismarck made of the secret ser vice or " Reptile" Fund, which was at his disposal as Chanceller of the German Empire. It appears that no less than 48,000,000 marks (about £2,400,000) from the fund was spent in bribing the [Press and political persons. A terrible catastrophe is reported from the Tyrol. Three railway carriages crowded with passengers were thrown off | the line into the River Inn, and several { of them were drowned. Extensive preparations to prevent the introduction of cholera, which is now raging at Mecca, in Arabia, and in Spain, are being made in France and Egypt. London, August 6. Amendments made by the House of Lords to the Directors' Liability Bill I recently passed by the British House of | Commons exclude the clause making Directors liable for statements of experts embodied in a prospectus. 31The Emperor William, conversing with | Mr. C. G. Millar,- the well-known Australian contractor, acknowledged the courtesies which had been • shown to the vessels of the German navy that had visited Australia. The Emperor expressed great interest in the operations of the steamers of the North-German Jjloyds' Line trading with Australia. . The outbreak of cholera at Toledo, Spain, is causing great alarm, and hun dreds are fleeing from the place. An injunction has been obtained against Mr. Pritchard Morgan preventing him ] from mining in' Wales without a licence. The steamer Innamincka, built for the | Adelaide Steamship' Company, w launched at Glasgow yesterday. The men belonging to- a battery of I artillery at Exeter have destroyed the | harness of the -horses because of grie vances of which they complain. The usual morning' parade- had in con sequence to be abandoned. . Mr. Gnmthorpe has recast the plans for the clock and-bells of: Sydney Post Office. Mr. Daly supervises the castings | at Taylor's, Loughborough, It is- expected that they will be completed in three months. 