It is said that Lord AVolseley, after an interview with General Booth, of the Salvation Army; re marked that the head of that organisation possessed all the natural qualifications for a great commander in actual war, instead of the one., against "the world, the flesh and the devil." Bishop AIoorhou.se also pronouueed the man, who, twenty years ago, was an obscure preacher of the Primitive Methodist connection, " a genius." And the leader of a quasi military body, the constitution of which lias evidently been framed much after that of the great Order founded by St Ignatius, has given additional evidence of the largeness of his plans for the re generation of society, and tho activity of-, his, brain by originating a scheme of immigration on a large scale for the relief of the congested population of the mother country. Had Gene"' ral Booth been as worldly and ambitious 'as he is able and persistent, in giving a practical shape to liis ideas, there is no doubt lie could have been the founder of a new sect, which might: have given as much trouble . to the Government as the Mormons to the Legislature of the United States. But even those' who deprecate his labours and modes of operation, can hardly, deny the- excellence of his intentions :and his' broad; philanthropy. Scarcely .has he laid in the , grave the ashes of the partner of . his life, 'and' the able' coi-wbrker. in all his schemes, ere he' seems to have sought. consolation for his loss in- a new : field for ' his- energies! "All but a" few specially coristni'cted mirids would, have' found ample/space ,fqr. Uje,smgst /restless / activity in superintending- the labours of the body which already has its agents arid followers in most por tions' of the civilized world. But the fertility of his mirid seems inexhaustible, and he is now maturing arrangements for the seridiug weekly to colonies riot" yet named- a ship-load of immigrants. For. "this purpose lie asks not Jess than a million pounds from those who have faith in his disinterestedness ' and proposals, aud among those who. believe in .both is a not less well-known and distinguished dignitary than Canon Farrar. He has sent a donation of L50 towards tho fund, ' and regretted that the Established Church did not take the lead in endeavouring- to- do - what- General Booth is endeavouring to accomplish. And every one who has watched his career will be forced to admit that he is , very far from being .a'niere imiccinnnrr flu' flio rAnhnw lin - i'a nminniriltt practical, and his success iri'evcry.undertiaking he has begun argues" favorably for the' issuie of his latest scheme' for impioyiiig the social,condi- tion of | the .'population of .the British islands. At the same time, .it must be conceded that the difficulties of the additional task 'lie has'rissumed are very great, and if not fully realised and pre pared for 'accordingly," Jiiay" end iufdisastrous failure. Still;' 'it is cleiir that; lie kriow6'in some measure' the nature of- the;' respbnsibiliby lie hns assumed, and by rio riieans thniks that success is ensured: wlien he lias transferred those who may wish tcHiegin life again- from a crowded land to a sparsely settled one. ; If he had no ' truer con ception "than this of1 the '-nature of the linder- taldng for which he requests'- a 'large amount of money,, lie ivould as surely' be disappointcd and censured as other -, people. .with good intelitions, but with inoro ' zeal tliaii' knowledge, who have preceded bim in the same direction.- 7 He shows, tiowefer/ that lie is not prepared, to blindly pro ceed itli' tlio realisation; of; liia i49asl«by7propbs- ing to prepar'e and educate the new colonists for a life under new, conditions, by a special training vduring!eigbteen months." - And if he should care fully select his. candidates for removal' to a iicw home, choosTa" suitable climate for, them, and avoid -thd.fatal /mistake of giving theui tlie soil on wliichithey aro.fco be. settled iristctid of selling itjto thorii on reasoiiable/ teriiis', 'ho'/may establish a riewiclaiiritq'ro'moinblri'uco by 'pootoiity As 'onc of, if=nbfcf3kH;\nb8lb .'ferkqble.- of Vsobial. re formers arid benefactors of, tlie, nineteen tli .cen tury. , :i ; The enormous . development: withiii;a- few :jrcars of tlie1',.expqrt ! of .butter' \ from ; \ Denmark shows; how; ; much,' canibe ' done to' render "tlii®. ipdu8bc9|>tle|M"weiiybbw4mtiiil: tlio trado niiglit bccdriie;,to our farmei's,- In less fhan a;,dde>.jcmrit:;bf''tbe"artiele;Wt abroad from the little Kingdom— niosldf ivliieb is shipped to tlib'motiior'country— lias, advanced liy leaps and' bounds/frbm' 16 to'/CO nullipiis of pounds.- :'Da'nish.7butter.;beirig iinadowith ex treme t caro for.- cleanliness and with every mechanical aid, commands' a higher price now in Great- Britain than- tho once-famous Cork bjrands. Among' the most; valuable coriti'i vances .'employed': by" the ' Danish/ dniryiiion is "the meclmnieal separator,; by : wliich : we .'are' told, the firiibiiiit' (if! cream extracted from tbo'.milk' is one-thir tjrnt obiaincd by.-, any- 'of the ordinary moans. As proof , of tliq ex treme Attention giv'en' in Denmark to the cows; anib'ng , other "means of keeping them in tlie Ipghest ; possible - cdnditibri, , they arb"'iictually brushed and purfyeqifibed daily as if/they were lioiies.; .And this treatniontissaid to materially Ihcrenso the yield Of milk.""Tlier'6 is not much prQl(jli>y"'oI;"9s farmers, resorting , to . such lipqdqs : of . ; .dealing . with . .their milch cows, but tho facts are'ribt the less: interesting, as proving the'; attention giveii in tho most celebrated butter- producing country in Europo to the health arid comfort of the animals. At tlio head of each dairy in Donmark is a trained and skilled dairymaid, who is highly paid for lier services, tho merely manual work being done under her direction by1 meri who receive, «" on the- blher ban& extremely1 small remuneration' for tlieitoshare'm tne manufacture of a necessary of the table. J/. 