THE ENGLT6ftIN&0 THE WORLD Professor Scbaff, of New York, devotee the first chapter of lus 44 Literature and Poetry" to estimating the probabilities of English be coming the world- language of the future. "The English." be says, 44 is taught as a regular branch of higher education in the best colleges and universities on the Continent oi Europe, aud in all commercial cities, and is rapidly gaining on the French. In Egypt it has ac quired new strength. In Asia it follows the British sway and the higliwaysof commerce to tbe vast empire of East India, with its 200,000,000 of heathen and Mabomtucdan inha bitants, who exhibit a growing desire to learn, the language of their rulers. I have heard con verted Branmins speak and preach is the purest Auglo Saxon. It is largely used in tbe islands and sea-ports of China even by native Chinese, iu a corrupt form. It is firmly established in Southern Africa, and extends every day with the widening British settlements of the Cape and western const, including Sierra Leone and Liberia. It accompanies tho British navy and merchant shipB to the South Sea, aud must ultimately replace the barbarous native dialects of Australia, New South Wales. Van. Dicucu's Laud, New Zealand, and the Poly nesian group of island, as the natives become Christianised and civilised. t The empire of Japau ie fast getting Anglicised and Chris tianised. The English has liecome the Court language. A. New York publisher is shipping every year 50,000 Americsu school- books for thesnhools of Japan. The English classics aro daily read in couutries of which Shakespeare and" Milton never beard, aud by millions who but recently were ignorant of the very existence of England. If we look to the American hemisphere, tho same language prevails in all the British po- sessions of North America from the Atlantic to tbe Pacific, including a territory of over throe million and four hundred thousand square miles and a population of about five millions, and increasing very rapidly by "migration. It Erevails in tbe B itisli West Indie and the crmuda Islands. But what ia atill more im- portnut, the English is now, and must ever remain, tho pt.ech of the great Anglo Saxon Republic, from Maine lo i 'ulifamia. from the Northern Lakes to the Gulf of Mexico. Every other language, the Indian dialects, the Spanish, the Dutch, the Danish, tho .Swedish, the Trench, auu even the Ger man arc being swept away by the irre sistible current of the English tongue. Tho German and Scandinavian languages are gain- ing in the first generation l>v constant immigra- tion, but iu the second or third generation they nre losiug : while the English, without an act of tyranny ov injustice to its neighbours, without any effort even, hut by the mere silent power of its presence, is daily gaining upon tliein. The English is abo the language of the ocean. It is better understood nnd more widely spoken than any other tongue on the shis which cross tha Atlnnticor Pacific, the Medi terranean, the Suez Coual, tho Indian and Chinese Seas. Even on rhc Fjords of Norway aud iu the Gulf of Finland jvu will scarcely meet a captaiu that cannot fluently converse in English. The Samnan Conference, held last year at Berlin, between Germany, Great Britain, and the United State, mark a now departure in the preference given to Euglssb for diplomacy. Formerly the Latin was need in international conferences and treaties, and is still used by the Papal Court. Then tho French took it place aud Uo.pt it iu all iuter- national conferences till 1S7S. But in the Satuoau Conference, for the Ural time on tho Contiuuiit of Europe, the Euglihh was exclu sively used in the discussions nnd in tbe treaty — asiguilicant fact for tho future. The English race surpasses all others in successful colonisa tion and commercial enterprise, nnd hence its language must inevitably become the chief organ nf international communication. Well may we bid godspeed to the propresa of the Anglo-Norman and Anglo-American tongue as tlte chief organ for the spread of Chretinii civilsation. tin forth, tlten. noblo Snxon toneue, And >jn"d flio hupi'V lime v.'h. u truth «nd i iJn..ou>m.-= hall itlgn In every zone aud c-iiinc ; "When earth4 oppressed and Favu:re tribes htmll cease tn yiue and roam. AH tauelit to prize the Knjrlbh word : Faith, I reeduni, Heaven, ami Rome. On the German Emperor's visit to Memcl, a pleasing incident occurred. At TitncrUnkcn is a tree known as 44 Tbc King's Oak/1 Near this tree the Emperor met, beneath a triumphal arch (says the Ihnhj XcmJ, au escort oi twenty young women, with floral wreaths upon their heads, and who, discarding the side-saddle, rode iu knightly fashiou astride # twenty splendid cnargers. Ueueath this oak King Fricdrich WiJhelm III., iu the vear 1SU7. celebrated Lis birthday, with his sons, Fritz. Wilhelut. and Karl, around him. Hcrr Sauthotf, addressing the Emperor, atked permission to make a wreath with the leave® from this tree, and to place it upon the grave of Queen Louise. After the delivcrv of an address and tbe recital of a poem in the Lithuanian dialect, the Emperor was presented with a pair of gloves of Lithuanian manufacture, in which were woven the Imperial monogram aud the crown. A pair of stockiugs, made also at a Lithuanian manufactory, was then presented to the Empress. Afterwards one of the ladies on horseback came forward, and tagged the Em peror to aciept several pairs of substantial cloves for t he use of the younc princes. The Emperor laughed, aud sru'd, 44 They arc whiter gloves. They will cettaiuly keep their hands 