news of the day. Tho. sittings of tlio Logislativo Assembly yestorduy woro of an oxcoptionaliy interesting oharactor. Mr. Shiois, iu his oapnoity of Minis- tor of Railways, took tlio Houso into his con- fidonco and unfolded tho railway policy of tlio Govornmcnt. In anticipation of an important uttornnco being made, mcmbors woro in foroo, and listened with the olosest attention to Mr. Shiels during liis spccali, which occupied two hours in delivery. Though a little diffuse ho novor lost the oar of tho House, but at .tho somo. timo mombors did not appear satis fied with tho polioy foreshadowed. To tho ( tliiok and thin admirers of tlio Commissioners and their monagomont of our railways the speech was, dospito its apologotia tono towards Mr. Speight, too condemnatory ; wliilo to tho members who arc clamoring for radical reforms iu tho dopartmont, tho Minister did not ptoposo to go half fur enough. Mr. Shiels dopreoatcd rushing to oxtromcs, but admitted tlint tho voliimo of discontent about tho inanogo- mont of our railways was groater now tlinn ovor, and threatened not only to Bwoep away tho Commissioners, hut also to engulph the non-politcal system which they are supposed to administer. The Government had no intention to depart from tho main principles Of the not of 1883, but would ondcavor to mnko the syHtein more responsible to publio opinion, nn'l bring it more in touch with tho ronsonnblo expectations of tiio country. During tho recess lie intended to dovoto himself exclusively to tho work of tho railways, and comploto his invosti- rations as to reforms nocessary and how they could ho carried outin harmonious working with tho commissioners, and how far now legislation would ho required. At present tho Miuistor of Itaiiwnys wan absolutely poworlcss, and could notgivo asinglo direction to tho commissioners. "Tlioir engagement oxplres in February , noxt," pcrtineutly intorjeoted Mr. AF, M. Clark, and tho Mtnistorinl ' corner olicorod tho inter ruption. In dealing with tho financial outlook of tho Ilnihvny department Mr. Shiols bad a doloful (nlo to tell, wliioli created a profound impres sion upon tho House. Last year tho depart mental accounts woro olosed with a dedoioncyof £221.000, and this yoar tho commissioners cstimato -that it will not bo loss than £250,000, but Mr. Shiols thinks it may bo £350,000. Tho lato labor striko had mado a difforonco in tho cstimato of £70,000. Upon new linos talcon ovor last year there was a loss of £118,000 in working oxponses, and intorost upon capital cost £250.000, making tho total los3 for the year upon thoso linos £368,000. "AFo aro now running lines which prosent no hopo of paying working expenses bororo noxt century," added Mr. Shiols, ami unless steps wcro takon to ohook tho railway deficiencies looming in tho future, tlioy would incrcaso to £500,000 next year, " I told you so, long ngo," romnrkod Mr. Laurons. "Parlia ment is groatly indebted to tho hon. member for tho important facts ho lias brought to light connected witli tho finances of tho Hallway department," replied Sir. Shiols, and tho remark was oheorod all round tho finnan. Some light was also shod by tho Mimstor upon tho disputed point whothor tho railways had ovor paid their way under tho non- political syBtom. Ho oxplainod that though for two years £34,000 had beon paid into tho Treasury as profit this result was attained, not by tho commissioners, but flowed from tho action of Parliament in con verting 6 to 4 per cent, debentures and saving £150.000 per yoar in tho payment of intorost. In tho fnco of the enormous iloilofoticy to bo provided for noxt year tho Govornmont had pressed upon the commissioners not to further deplete tho Treasury, and only carry on suoh works as woro absolutely nccossary. Rotronchmcnt and economic management woro also insisted on nnil further savings ofrootcd by lessoning tho tiam service. Tho remission of freights and fares amounting to £800,000 in fivo years by the commissioners ho desoribed ns n " groat blun der.' which, howovor, did not rost ontiroly upon the head of tho oommissioncrs, as mombors of parliament woro joint sinnors in having brought pohlicid presHuro to bear upon thorn. Tho full force of this damnatory admission was rocognisod by mora than ono inombor of tho House, and quitcoohorus of voices exolaimod, " AVhy did tho commissioners allow suoh prossuro to bo used?" Turning to nnothor branch of tho railway mwldlo Sir. Shiols declared that in tho con struction branch rndical reforms woro impora? tiro, anil a choapor system of buildiug railways had now bocomo a noocssity. Mon with now ideas would have to bo introduced into the department, ns soino of tho prosent start lmd hecomo " blito mouldy," tho oxpondituro upon tho present handsome oquipmcnt of now lines largely reduced, and trnins run at a slower rate of speed. Sir. Speight and his colleagues proiniso to assist in carrying into orteot some necessary reforms, though tlioy appoar dis-' posed to entrench thomsolvos behind tho Railway Gommmissionors Manngomcnt Act, and torcgifld tho act "as a trust given to thorn by rarlinmout," wliioli mado them suproino. Du't under tho amicable understanding arrived at between Mr. Shiols and tho oommissioncrs tho Minister is in futuro to rocoivo all political deputations, and Mr. Speight is to oconomise his time, and tnko earnest stops to romovo tho complaint of incivility urged against railway employes of tho " hell bottom ballatoo " order. The catering at railway refreshment rooms, Sir, Sliiels described as "simply dotcstablo," and the commissioners, liko tiio policeman in tho l'iratos of Ponzance, aro profuso in tlioir promises to do tlioir "duty," and. introduce a new systciji. Reform in this quarter waB pro mised in precisely similar terms 12 months ngo, nnd yet is as far ofl as ovor. The Inst point wliioli Mr. Shiols touched upon in his cxhaustivo spoooli on tho railway polioy of tlioltovernmont roferrod to tho ro-nppointmdnt of three commissioners. Ho oxplnincd that tho term for which Mr. Speight was ongagod expires nt the end of the present yoar. Sir. Ford's eng.' igeinont does not olid until February, 1891, nnd that of Sir. Green not until 1894. Tho Govornmont had, so far, only considered tho ense of Sir. Spoight. Stuoh curiosity was evinced by hon. members as to the notion which Ministers intonded to take. Sir. Sliiols wns at spccinl pains to not ns apologist for Sir. Speight, who, lie said, surtorod greatly from tho oxcossivo eulogy witli which ho was recoivod upon his arrival in tho colony. For a fow years there was no more popular man in tho community, but now ho occupied a totally different position in pulilio estimation. Acoording to Sir. Shiols, this great change ol fooling dates from tho timo when tho late Government, in tho sossion of 1888, proposed to inoronso tho salary of tho commissioners, nnd boforo Mr. Speight's visit to Europo tho then Premier ad dicted a letter to him oxpressing regret that Parlinmont had not "given its formal approval" to tho proposed incrcnso of «a!sry from £3000 to £5000, hut Sir. Gillies promised to take tho earliest opportunity in tho new Pnrliamont to submit tho proposal afresh, a iilodgo wliioli ho mado no attompt to keep owing to tho decidedly hostile fooling shown towards tho commissioners. By Sir. Speight tliis letter is regarded in tho light of a re-ciigagemont, and though tho present Govern ment does not feol itself in any way hound by tho communication, tho Cabinet decided to ro. appoint Sir. Spoight at his original salary of £3000. Tho Slinistor ndmittod that the management of our railways by Sir. Spoight had fallen short of tho rcasonablo requirements »f tho travelling public, but, on tho other hand, ho had won popularity from tho army of 12,000 rap/oi/ifs, by whom ho was "trusted," AFhon Mr. Shiols rosumod his Boat Sir. AF. T. Carter stonco rose and mado a violont attack upon Sir. Allison Smith, whom ho charged with gross extravagance in administrating tho locomotivo branch. Sir. Richardson said tho Government was illogical in ortoring to ro-oppoint Sir. Speight Mtcr admitting his failure. Tho discussion was continued until midnight, when tho estimates were passed, on a proiniso boing givon by tho Premier that tho fullest opportunity would ho given to discuss tho whole subjoot this nftor- nooii upon tho estimates boing reported to tho House. AVhcn questioned in tho Legislative Assembly yesterday by Sir. SI'Coll, as to tho reason why the refrigerating oars, said to bo ready for somo weeks, aro not brought into use, tho Minister o£ Railways was only preparod with nn ovnuivp answer, and showed some concern for not touch- '"g upon tho awful muddle into whioii tho Rail way department has drifted ovor this matter. The ofiicial reply voluntoorcd to BIr. M'Coll's straightforward question was both vaguo and unsatisfactory. Tho nccossary arrangements, the llouso was told, would " tnko timo to com plete, " but that tho cars would now bo running ma "few dnys." This sooms to bo tho storo-' typod reply of tho commissioners, who had pre cisely the sumo story to toll 12 months ago, when tho failure of tho cooling ohambers whs ucinonstrnted, and tho running of refrigo- raiing cars demanded. - I Upon tho ostimates of tho Education depnrt- mcnt being reported, to -tho Legislative Assembly yesterday, tho interminable Stark wo was onco again brought boforo he House. Sir. Andrews, who lias ap pointed himself tho knight orraut of tho <uwtLfiod femalo junior toaohers, to whom classification was doniud by Dr. Pearson, urged j >«t tho compromiso entered Into by soma of icso juniors boforo tho dooision of tho Privy ouncil in Bliss Stark's caso was known should o disregarded, and the arrears, amounting to u rant £10,000, which tlioy had bartered away r certain immediate advantagos, paid in full, ho reason ho gave for such an extraordinary c ep was that cborciau had beon usod towards he juniors, but this tho , :Cx-B!inistcr, Dr. 'arson, 0,nplintically denied, and tho House ined Hack up Sir. ' Anilrows in his rafS upon tho Treasury. /After this decidod failuro o enlist sympathy, nothiug more is likely to bo man! in Parliament about tho Stark case. Mr, Eont intends on AVodnosdny noxt to sound tho Govornmont as to tlioir wllllngnoss to bring in a hill this sossion to provido for tho payment of membors of tho Parliamentary Standing Oommittco on Railways. A largo seotion of membors hold very decided viows on tho point, tholr contention boing that tho work whioh niombcrs of tho oommittco aro callod upon to perform onoroachcs so largely upon tholr timo that it is unroasonablo to oxpcot thoso duticB to bo nttondoil to without reason able romunoration. In cortain quarters it is suggoHtod tbat'eacli mombor of tho coinmittoo should rocoivo a fixed salary of £600 per yenr, anil tho chairman '£1000 ; hut others ailvocnto that tho payment ho riiado. in foos for ovory attondanco. Tho necessity for Inquiring Into tho oxpondi turo and working of- tho Government Printing Ofiico, with tho viow to its reorganisation nnd more economical manngomont, is to ho nrgod upon tho 1'remior in tho Legislative Assembly on Tno8day noxt, and BIr. Dunn proposos to suggest that jv Royal Commission ho appointed to consider tho amondmont of tho 'Vermin Destruction Act. Sir. Bailcs is to question tho Bliiiister of Slines ns to tho onncallntion of tho existing regulations rooogliislng tribute labor as a complianco with tho labor cove nants of mining losses, and tho adop tion of how regulations only recognising tribute labor as a compliance with tiio labor covenants on lenses pnrtinlly worked in n bond fide mannor by holders, and whon tho royalty is taken from tiio not and not tho gross yield of gold. Mr. l'nrfitt is to bring under notice tho sorious damnge done to lands of farmors in tho Oxloy and North Ovons shire by sliulgo deposited from old diggings. BIr. Gnrdincr has given notioo of n motion that £4000 ho plaood on the additional estimates to assist tho fnmilios of men suffering from tho crtocts of tho late labor striko. ' Notioo was givon in tho Legislative Assembly ycsUtday by Mr. Gardiner of Several additional lines to be referred to tho Parliamentary Stand ing Committoe on Railways for report, viz., a railway from tho main lino into tho oity oattlo yards ; from Royal Park and Clifton Hill linos to tho Blclbourno Hospital' reserve. Mr. L. L. Smith intends to movo a lino from Baxter's Flat to Sorrento by way of Groen Hills and Bonco. In tho Logislativo Oounoll yostorday Sir. Thornley explained that ho hod retired from tho railways committee because that institution had changed from a parliamentary oommittco to a party coinmittoo, and lie wns not prepared to undergo tho personal inoonvonicnco ontailod by tho work of tho oommittco for party purposes only. Sir F. T. Sargooil produced n memoran dum from tho Publio AVorliH department, stating that tho removal of fire plugs from positions in which there might ho a possibility of polluting tho water supply would pro bably bo ooinplated this week. Tho House unanimously passed a resolution recognising tho services of tho Oliiof Justlao in connection witli tho consolidation of tho laws. Tho Slolbourno Harbor Trust Act Amondmont Bill was passed through its final stages. Tho Slotropolitan Board of AForks Bill was furthor considered in coinmittoo. Tho borrowing clauses were post poned. Tho nmonnt of overdraft allowed to tho board wns inorensod from £50,000 to £100,000. Sir F. T. Snrgood proposed to restrict tho Government's first mortgngo on tho board's property to tho Ynn Yoan wntor works alone, and to allow tho dobt of £2,130,000 to bo paid oil at any time. On this proposal, Sir. Zeal attacked tho gift of tho Yan Yoan works to tho board as an improper sacrifico of a national asset for tho benofit of tho oity of Sfolbomno, nnd olnimed that tho full prioo should bo paid for tho property. This was followed by an amendment, moralising tho price of tho Ynn Yoan from £2,139,000 to £2,039,000. Oonsidcrahlo discussion took place on tho rolntivo claims of tho city and tho country, anil tho question was still in hand when tho House adjourned to this nftornoon. A mooting of tho Opposition wns hold yostor day nftornoon at Pnrliamont Houso, at whioh 28 membors wore presont. Sir. Oiliios presided. A long discussion took piaoo on tho quostiou whether tho Opposition should accept tho orter of tho 1'remior to nominate BIr. Anderson to tho vacanoy on tho Parliamentary Standing Committoo on Railways, caused by tho retire ment of Sir, Officer, and tho momhors presont unanimously agreed that nono of thorn would allow hitnsolf to bo nominated for this vacanoy. This decision was arrived at on .tho alleged ground that tho Promior, BIr. Slunro, had in appointing Sir. Slason to n previous vacancy mado the constitution of tho committiso a party question. Mr. Anderson explainoil that he was perfectly satisfied with tho aotion of Sir. Gillies in declining on his (Sir. Anderson's) behalf to allow him to be nominated by the Premier. Tho case of BIr. Thomas E. Dakin, builder, who carried on business adjacent to tiio Low Courts, but against whom tho Ohiof Juatico, ovor throo years ngo, oxoroisod his authority with potont effect ou nccount of tho soriouH dis turbance caused in tho oourts by tho constant hammering of Sir. Dakin's workmen, lias boon brought boforo Parliament. A potition was yesterday prosontod to tho Logislativo Assembly by Sir. G. D. Carter ou bolinlf of Sir. Dakin praying the Houso to grant him redress in connection with . tho notion of tho Ohiof Justice. Tho faots of tho case are tolerably well known. Tiio sito occu pied by Sir. Dakin was leased by him from BIr. G. A. Porter. "Tue noiso caused by tiio hammering of tho workmen disturbed the Ohiof Justico so much that ho ordered Sir. Dakin to stop it. Potitionor statos that, being advised by Dr. Blnddoti, Sir. Box and Sir., now Justice, Hodges that tho order was ultra vires, lie declined to obey it, and was oited to nppoar beforo tiio Chief Justico to show causo why ho. should not ho committed for contempt of court. Ho waB ordered to pay a fine, or in default to go to gaol, nnd on appealing against this dooision it was dismissed. Potitionor furthor avors that ho accopted £1150 from the Board of Land and AVorks "to romovo his business, without prejudico to a claim on tho Govornmont for stoppage of business and law costs. Sir. Dakin sots forth his claim as follows : — "Loss arising from general paralysis and stoppage of business from August 1887, £2760; loss arising from cost of law proceedings, £650; interest on money borrowed to meet losses caused by tlip paralysis of business, £450 ; loss from impaired health through worry, £1000 ; and los3 onusod by saoriflco of proporty, £1850; total, £6710." At tho mooting of tho railway oommittco yesterday a letter was roooivod from Mr. L. Blolino, formerly an engineer on' tho Victorian railways, offering evidcnco regarding tho con struction of a lino lie had 'built for a mining oofnpany near Mittngong, in New South AFalos. This lino was built for £3000 a miio, though constructed through lioavy oountry, with rook cuttings, to carry lioavy tralllc. Sir. A. Outh- bort, tho assistant to tho survoyor of tho Bairnsdnlo nnd Bruthon lino, gavo ovi donoo to tho orteot that Sir. Lunt and hp wore the only oillcials having any profussional knowledgo of tho line: Ho denied- that lio had ovor rejeotod information that would show n bettor route, and bolieved tho host route had' hoeil found. Sir. G. Montague, a railway sur veyor, gavo ovidonoo in favor .of Sir. Lunt's survoy. BIr. Lunt was oxnmincd as to tlra ilia- oropahoy in tho calculations of tho saving on n narrow ' gaugo lino, and promised to propnro a diagram to illustrate the question. Mr.Law- son was questioned regarding tho heavy cost of tho Sandringliam and Cheltenham lino, and stated that tho cost of tho earth work was increased by tho narrowness of tho lnnd, owing to its high cost, roquiriug tho earth to bo.corried along tho line to make tho banks. Tho com- mitteo will moot again this morning. - A special mooting of tho Exeoutivo Council was hold yostorday, when Sir. Slason was appointed a mombor of tho Parliamentary. Standing Committee on Railways, and his Excellency tho Goyoruor appondod , tiio , royal assent to tho Law of Evidonco Act Amondmont' Bill. - " ' .. A tragedy of an- appalling chnractor took placo on . Blonday night at Ballarat.' James Johnson, a well' known ; stock' 'and station ; agent; ' residing with his wifo and four ohildren at a villa in Drummond-str'ooti Ballarat, during ... Monday night smothered. or ; chloroformed his " four ohildrou' . as they lay in their cots, shot his wifo with a revolver in tho liood, anil tlion wont into another room, where ho was found by tho polico lying in bod undressed, and almost unconsoiouB from tho ortaots of poison. A young girl; namod Katie Hicks, omployed as nurse maid, slopt in tho room- with tho ohildveii, but was undisturbed by tho entry of Johnson, though later on sho was awakened by hearing a pistol shot. Tho report did not alarm her, and sho wont to sleep again. Sho got up nt 7 o'olook horsolf nnd only disoovoroil that \ tho ohildren wcro doad when sho 'returned to the room nil hour Intor to dross thorn. Tho girl thou 'gavo tho alarm, and a next door neighbor, , Sirs. Oldham, ontorcd Sirs. Johnson's bodroom, nnd found tho unfortunato lady lying on tho hod, tho blood pouring from a wound in hor right oar. Tho dootor and tho polico wore sent for, and Johnson himself was found in anothor room ns dosoribod abovo. Sir. Johnson, who is a son of tho Into Sir. Johnson, a woll known hnndicnppor nnd coursing judge, has boon resident for many years in Ballarat, and inarriod uomo eight yoars ago Miss Hnrvoy, daughter of tho Buuinyong town olork and survuyor. Bfr. Johnsbn somo nino yours ago injured his' 'spino in a fall from a horso in Quoonslnnd, nnd this injury _ is iioliovod to iiavo arteotcd his brain. It is not known whothor Johnson lmd monetary troubles sufficient to turn his brain, hut it was rumored that Sir. Ohlrrisido's guarantoo for Johnson's overdraft nt- a local hank had just oxplrod and consequently John son would have to find somo means of refunding a sum of £6000 advanced ite tho timo ho started business about seven years ngo. The whole of tho district . traffio suporin- tondonts . of tho Victorian railways boing in town yestorday, they woro, in company with Sir. Francis, traffic manngor, asked to oonfor with tho Railway Commissioners in roferonco to tho many complaints recently mado regarding tho incivility of portors and othors holding minor offices in tho service. The superinten dents were unanimous in dcclnring that, as a rule, tlioy found their subordinatos civil nnd obliging ; but tho commissioners, in tho faoo of publio testimony to tho frcquoncy of contrary behavior, askod thorn to bo specially pnrtioulnr in suoing that no oauao for complaint should bo givon in futuro. Tho nnnual report of Sir AVilliam Sracgrogor, British administrator of New Guinea, was laid an the table of the Legislative Assembly yester day. It shows that during tho year ondod 30th Juno 12 sontonoos of enpitnl punishmont woro pronouncod, but in no hiBtanco was tho sentenco oarriod out. Tho orimo in eaoli case wns the murder of a native by a native. In six cases natives wore killed whilst stealing from gardens, it not. being contrary to Papuan custom to murdor a thiof undor such oiraumstanccs. That portion of tho report wliioli rolntos to tho incidents attendant upon tho ortorts mado by SirAFilliam Blaogrogor to oultivnto friondly relations witli liostilo trlbos presents a number. of graphic descriptions ono would scarcoly look for in an ollioinl publication. Tho proporty of the Govornmont has boon augmented by tho acquisition of tiio Island of Tanko. Somo 1500 nuts Iiavo boon planted during tho year, and tho undertaking promises to bo successful. Tiioro were a great many coses of fovor amongst tho officors and employes of tho Govcrnmont, exposure to wot, cold winds or tho direct rayB of tho sun being tho predisposing causes. Tim imports ontorod at Samarai and Port Sloresby amounted to £16,104, as against £11,108 during tho previous year.- Tho exports increased from £5943 to £6455. Tim valuo of tho gold oxportod also declined from 3850 oz. to 3470 pz., nnd tho valuo of pearl Bholl from £1510 to £1050, and oopra from £550 to £250. Noxt to gold tho most vnlunhlo articlo of export was trepnng. Tho produco of that fishery was valued at £4682, ns ngninst £2178 for tho previous year. Tho mission -work is roferrod to in oulogistic torms, whilst tho amount of scientific rosenrch carriod out resulted in acquiring a largo amount of vnltiublo information. A financial statement attached to tho report shows that tho receipts amounted to £3015 13s. 4d. and tho oxpondituro to £14,975 5s. 4d. Tho Hcconil progress report of tho Royal Com mission on Coal was yesterday forwarded to tho Promior for presentation to his Excellency tho Governor. The document deals exclusively with tho brown coal question, and will bo found both interesting and important. Tho commission lms not been content to take tho ovidonoo of witnesses and draw conclusions from tho ovi donoo adduced. Tlioy liuvo boon ondcavoring to work out tlm problem by practical experi ments designed to tost thoroughly tho valuo of this fuel in its application to tho industrial arts and to domestic use. Iu tlioir first report tho commission wero content with de claring as tho result of tlioir labors so for that thcro existed in tho colony almost iimxhausfiblo deposits of brown coal. In this report tlioy doscriho tho ertoot of tlioir researches to ascertain tho host mode of rendering tho raw material of economic valuo. Tlioy, in tho main, allow tho exports to spoak for thomsolvos, only commenting where from oxporicnco tho mom hors are alilo todisprovo disparaging statomonts. Tho brown coal may bo now accepted as worth less for tho produotion of illuminating gas. It contains gas wliioli is only adapted for boating purposes. It yields nmmoniacal liquor and tar and something of tiio nature of pnrrafino, but tho analysis given is not in tho respects mentioned oncournging. Tho coal has also fniled ns n fuel suitable for forging and for tho manufacture of glass. For steaming, it waB tested in sovoral establish ments, and with more satisfactory results, par ticularly nt tho Ynrrnvillo sugar works and tho Austral Otis engineering works. At tho lattor tho Gormnn stop grato was usod witli excolloiit results, to which tho engineer in clinrgo, Mr. J. S. I'ivrio, boars amplo testimony. Tho con clusion arrived at appears to bo that if tho brown coal is to come into gonornl use as a fuel, and to coinpoto with Nowcnstlo conl, it will lmvo to bo manufactured into the form of briquettes on tho principle adopted in Gormnny. Tho com mission consequently recommend that an oxport bo nt onco despatched to Europe to collect information, nnd report upon tiio methods thoro adopted of mining, preparing nnd sending tho coal to market and making it into briqnettos. Particulars nro also attached of tho recout competition of stoves and grates host adapted for tho consumption of brown coal. Tho commission havo" evidently employed tlioir time judiciously nnd to tho advantage of tho publio in tho ortort to olucidato tho problem ns to tho extent, value and utilisation of tho brown coal deposits of Viotoria. Tho inspection by tho militnry officors of Thursday Island and Port Darwin, with a view of reporting upon tho desirability of fortifying thoso placos, and tho nature of tho armamont host suited for tho purpose, has boon postponed until towards tho end of February. This stop has beon rendered necessary in consequence of tho Slinistor of Dofcuoo receiving information that the rainy Beason lnsts through January, and would rendor it impossiblo to mako iiroper observations. The Slinistor of Lands has received an amended proposal from Sir. AFolkedcn, pro- motor of tho Yea River Land Cpmjmny, iu whioh hp suggest that four shareholders should bo allowed to tako up 1000 acres caoli nudor saw mill licences, and scron othors to bo permitted ,to tnko up 2000 nores with a viow to acquiring tho freehold. Tho original proposal was that about 20,000 ncros of land should be banded ovor to the company, .wliorcas in the amended proposal tho alienation of only 6000 acres iu asked for. -It is alip roquosteil that the shiro council should ho allowed to delegate to tho company tho power to oonstruot tho noobssary tramways. Tho proposal will bo submitted to tho consideration of tho Cabinet. Uneasiness amounting to positiva alarm has : boon created amongst the vignorons at Niiinur- knli and Nnthnlia, owing to the ravnges com mitted by loousts in tho ' vineyards, 1 Sir. F. do Castplliy, vitiou|tural oxport, who is now visiting tho distriot for tho purposo of imparting -infor mation to vignorons on tho subjoot of vino cul ture, telegraphed to the sooretary of tho Viticul ture Board yestorday' that 'tho locusts havo swarmod in myriads into tho yinoyards at tho districts namod, and complotoly destroyed all tho young vines. ' . Tho return of infectious disensos prosontod at tho mooting of tho Board of Publio Health yesterday showed n diminution in tho number of typhoid onBes on thoso of tho previous wcok, but thoro was ah inoroaso in tho number of djiihtheria oases. It iyas resolved to remonstrate lyjth tho Bocohwprth slurp cpuncil for their dilntoriness in gjviug information askod for by tho board with rofolonco to tho disposal of nightsoii in thp Lakp Kcrford watorshod, quid' in taking no notion further ' thnn that takon somo ..months ngo in tho mattor. It was also resolved to request tho council to furnish without dolay a report from tho officer of health, stating the numhor and. situations of tho houses within tho watorshod. Tho Yarrawonga shiro council wns also remon strate with for neglect as to tho drainage of Tungamnli, and it wns ordered that tiio' council bo iiiformcd that their reply to tho board's -lottcra on tho subjoot wns highly unsatisfactory. Tho board also decided to roquost tho council to furnish without delay definite information as ,to what tlioy proposed to do to remedy tho nuisancus caused by tho drninago referred to. Tho Sandhurst city council will bo requested to furnish a report as to tho arrange ments for removing nightsoii from promises in ; tiio oity, nH a complaint had boon roooivod that a quantity of it was deposited iu tho crock. AFith rcforenoo to tho appeal from tho St. Kildn oity council to tho MiniBtor of ifonlth from the hoard's rooommoudatidn that a liconco lio granted to n privato hospital In Rcdan-stroet, St. Kilila, it was resolved that tho president and Dr. Grosswell roprcsoiit tho board at tho nppcnl. A complaint was roooivod from a rosi dont of St. Kildn with roferenoo to a drain near South Slolbourno railway station, on tho St. Kildn line, and as thoro appeared to ho somo doubt ns to tho powor of tho South Slol bourno oounoil to compel tho abatement of tho nnisanoo, It was decidod to inform tho oounoil Mint thoy had full powor to do so. Tho P. and O. Company's R.M.S. Britannia, whose mails were delivered in Melbourne yes- terday, resumed her voyage from Adelaide at 11.50 p.m. on Monday, and should reach Hob- son's Bay this morning. Amongst her passen- gers to Adelaide were Lady Estelle Hope and Lady Dorothea Hope, sisters of the Earl of Hopetoun, and they arrived in town yestorday by train from tho South Australian capital. The Orient Company's R.M.S. Orotava is also due to arrive in port to-day from Sydney, en route for London. Somo timo ago tho Customs authorities wero askod to dctormino whothor a duty was charge able on twiuo mado from juto, tho wording of tho i tnrilf being somewhat vague on tho point. It wns decidod that tho material wns dutiable, nnd would therefore bo taxed. Representations wero made to tho secretary of tho department by tho contractor for supplying twino to tho General Post Office that ho had boon givon to understand pre viously that tho twino in question was un- dutinblo, and that on tho fnith, of those repre sentations he had entered into an ongogement with the Govornmcnt upon whioh, wore tho duty oxaoted, he would Ioso a groat deal of monoy. No relief boing givon him ho has placed tho matter in tho hands of his solioitors, nnd an- action is about to bo initiated against tho Secretary of Customs to recover tho duty paid. Tho plaintiff will bo supported by tho ovidenoe of persons who drafted tho portion of tho tariff in dispute. It is undorstood that thoy will testify that it waB intonded to "hold twino mado from juto exempt, and that tho tariff should bo road that way. . Further roferonco to the inadequate accom modation of tho Melbourno Hospital was mado at a mooting of the committee of tho institution yesterday nftornoon. Tho medical suporiutondont, in his fortnightly re port, pointed out tho groat necessity of somo special provision for tho treat ment of disensos peculiar to women. Septic poisoning, which rosulted from oortaiu operations, was an ailmont that required par ticular attention, and should bo treated in a Boparata ward. Persons suffering from it woro not admitted to tho AFomon's Hospital and othor institutions, and consequently thoy all wont to tho Slolbourno Hospital, whoro it was tho custom to rocoivo thorn. In reply to Sir. Dorbin AFillder, Dr. Blolloy said that without a spocial ward for their reception such oases could not be satisfactorily treated. After somo discussion tho subject was referred for consideration to tho, 'Building committee. For somo timo past in almost ovory report' sub mitted by tho medical superintendent to tho committoe, roforcnco is mado to tho admittanco of septio cases. Somo concern was shown at a mooting of tho oommittco of manngomont of tho Blolbourne Hospital yostorday with regard to tho financial condition of tho institution. Iu reply to a question the secretary Btatod that nt prosont tho maintenance fund wns overdrawn to tho extent of £10,466, and thoro was a debit bnlnnoo of £7990 Is. 6d. on tho building fund.. During the month a sum of about £5800 would ho roooivod in Hospital Sunday collections and Govern ment grant iu aid, but this would still Ieavo a largo dobit balanoo. Tho endow ment fund amounted to £34,000, but yfas reserved for special purposes. Tho chairman remarked that during tho past 10 yoars the hospital had boon increasing its liability at tho rate of £1000 per nnnum, tho result of the publio support not boing commensurate with the needs of the institution. Sir. G. Godfrey said that the regular monetary assistance neuorded tho hospital was by 110 means as general as it should bo. At least two-thirds of the business people of Slolbourno and suburbs were not contributors to its funds. Ho beliovcd it would cvontunlly bo found necessary to pass a law cinpoworing the striking of a special rate whoreby ovory burgess would bo obliged to give a'fair sum niintmlly for tho support of tho hospital. A suggestion was made for tho appointment of additional collectors, and it was also remarked that a fow hundred pounds might bo obtained by moans of an appeal to tho publio through tho columns of tho prossduring tho Giiristmas season. A doflmto course was not deoided upon, but it was undorstood that tho subjoot would rocoivo further consideration from tho finnnco com mittoe. A conference was hold at tho Town Hall yostorday of representatives of tho munici palities desirous of the erection of a swing or draw bridge over or subway under tho Yarra in the alignment of Spencer nnd Clarendon streets. Tho mayor of South Slolbourno, BIr. j. S. AFhite, presided, tho representatives prosont comprising Cis. Dinsdalo, Stead and Thistle- thwaito. South Slolbourno; Crs. Joans and Jacoby, St. Kiltlu; Alderman AFalker, Crs. Andorson and Bowon, Slolbourno ; hut tho representatives of Port Blelbouruo and AFillianis- town wero not present owing to an alteration in the date of mooting. Soino discussion ensued as to whothor tho conference should obtain moro definito information ns to tho intontions of tho Harbor Trust before adopting any lino of action, < and it was ovontually decided to adjourn for a month with this objeot. The trial of tho Promior Building Socioty conspiracy oasos wns resumed in tho Banco Court yestorday, before tho Ohiof Justico and a jury of 12, Tho caso for tho prosecution had been concludod on the previous day, hut AF. S. Jones was recalled in relation to certain tele grams referred to in his evidcnco in chief. Dr. Sladdon announced his intontion to call wit- nossos for tho dofonoo, and statod in his open ing that his cliont was in no way respon sible in contraction with tho Elstcrnwiok land, tho sales to Murphy' and Corlcill having boon porfootlygonuine. The purobnsors had notirally taken possession when thoy ap- plied for loans. BIr. Bout, BI.L.A., was tho first witness. Ho valued tho land at £14 to £16 por foot, and said that under certain cir- oumstancos it' might havo. rison to £30. Ho was 80voreiy oross-cxamiiicd by Sir. Purvos, but adhored to his testimony, L. O. AFilkinson, auctioneer, deposed that tho land at tho time of the loans was worth considerably moro than it would rcaliso now. . Othor valuers were callod, and the caso was adjourned until this morn ing. Tlra Hcalbsvillo murdor case was mentioned in thoPrnotico Court yostorday morning, before Sir. Justico A'Bockett. An application was mado by Sir. Eagloson, on bohalf ofFatta Ohand, oimvged with the murdor of Juggo Mull on , tho 23rd Novombor. A sum of £14 was found in the accused's possession, and it was asked that ho might. bo allowod'tho uso of it, in order to got legal advico and tho sorvioes of aii interpreter at tho forthcoming inquest. Tho Crown objected, that 'nn iutbrprotor ' would bo 'provided at tlra inqpost, that tho inquost was only a preliminary hearing and' not n trial, and that thoro was reason to boliovo that most of tlra nionoy in question had boon stolpn from the deceased. Ovor £13 was in silver, and tho mur dered mail was known to havo had a great deal in his possession. His Honor rof usod tho nppli- catiou, . on tlra ground that tlra prosont waBuot tlra proper timo to mako it. „ Tho caso of James . v. Gibson was furthor argued boforo the Full Court yostorday. O. II. Jamos mado a contract on tho 4th December, 1888, to purchase 1675 acre? of laud at Hpidol- fiepE from James Gibson and jnuraa Roid for £234,272. ,, Tho, vondors woro trustees under a 'deed of appointment mado on tho 23rd Novom- j Iter, -1888; The purchasers paid £3000 deposit and two promissory notes for £2000 and "£3000, but refused to pay tho bulauco ou tho ground that defendants1 could not mako title. Ho olaimod tho return of his promissory notes, au injunction to prevent them being nogotiate'il, and nn iudomnity against suoh as had beeu dealt with by tho defendants, Tho property was embraced undor a marriago sottlomon t mado botwoon Blaloolm BI'Loan and Jano Holnras, ou thp 15th February, 1843. Tho land was settled on Jano Holmes for life, nftor hor doath on hor husband, and thon on their children. Jano Holincs died on tho 14th .September, 1872. By tlra (lood of nppointmont was conferred upon tho trustees tho powor of sale if thoy thought fit for tlra benefit of tho children of Slalcolm SI'Lcqn. . 'Tlra defendant's titio was said to bo dofeotivo becauso the contract was not authorisod try tlra deed of appointment, which again, it was urged, was not authorised by tho sottlemont. It whs submitted that tho dacd of appointment was outside tho scopo of sottle mont, inasmuch as it provided for tho children of ono of Bialcolm SI 'Lean's sons. Tlra dood of appointment being invalid, tho contract in dis- puto would hot hold good. Tho dofenco nega tived thoso oontontions, and arguod that tho title wiis a perfectly good one. Judgment wait reserved. Sir. Higglns and BIr. AFoigall appeared for tho plaintiffs; Sir.. AFood, Sir. Topp and Mr. Agg for the defendants. A petition for tho winding up of tho Groat Glen Iris I'nrk Estato Company Limited was presented to BIr. J ustioo a'Jicokott in Chambers yostorday. Tlra company was formed in Sop- tombor, 1888, to purolinso '480 nores of land at Glen Iris. It hail a nominal capital of £50,000, of whioh 22,000 shnrcs paid up to 5s. had boon issued. . Tho petitioner wns Samuol B. Bnok- Iioubo, solicitor, a jndginont creditor for £97 for professional sorvioos. Tho potition wns accepted, and its hearing fixed for tho 3rd February next. At tho Oourt of Gonoral Sossions yostorday, boforo Judgo AForthington and a jury of 12, John Hogan wns tried for stealing £130 from John Roid, farmer and oattlo dealer, of Falnicr- ston, Now Zonlnml, oil tho 13th. November. Sir. Finlnyson proscoutcd for tho Crown and BIr. Forlongo dofoiulcd. Prisoner wns managing tlra Firo Brigndo Hotdl, a'Bockott-street, for his brothar, and Roid statod he was induced to go thoro to drink and play cards on tlra date named. Ho had drawn £130, of whioh he stated ho was robbed in tho hotel. Subscquontly eight £10 notes, whioh wore to somo extent identified as part of tho stolon monoy, was paid into Hogan's banking account. The defonoo was 'that tho robbery did not tnko plaoe in tho hotol at all, but that lie had tho money in his posses, sion when lio Joft, and had it stolen from him olscwhore. Hognn was convicted and remanded for sentence. In the courso of tho trial of James Ilogan for laroony, at the Court of Gonoral Sessions yostor day, tiio Crown prosecutor stated that one of the jurymen had boon aeon drinking witli the prisoner and one of his witnesses during tho mid- day adjournment. A senior constablo saw thorn eiitora neighboring hotol together. Aftor tho vordiot had boon givon ills Honor told the juror ho had boon guilty of n very serious offonoo. As it had not boon committed in tho faoo of tho court, liowover, tho judgo said he would not doal witli tho mattor unlosa it wero brought before him on affidavit If tho Crown desired to proceed thoy must bring up the offending juror on summons. Tlra foromnn had pre viously apologised on tlra juryman's bohalf, stating that Ira was oxtromoly sorry for what ho had done, and did not know he was committing any offcnco. Judgment wns delivered by tho Full Court yostorday in Poyton v. Houldcr. Peyton, Dowling and Go. wero tlra consignees of goods that arrived at Blelbouruo in 1888 by the ship Thirlmoro, of whicli Hoiifdor Bros, and Co. were tho charterers. Tho plaintiffs olaiinod to havo suffered damngo by brenoh of contract undor five bills of lading, signed by tlra enptnin of tho vessel and endorsed to the plaintiffs. Tho action was brought to recover £500 for tlra non delivery of somo goods and tho delivery in a damaged condition of othors. Tho damage nroso through an inflow of water during tlra voyage, and tho main point was as to .whether a oortaiu porthole was properly secured before tho vossol left tho Londou docks. The jury found tho bills of lading were signed by tlra dofondunt as ngent; that tho leak occurred through tho dcfcctivo construction and packing of the " rabbit" of tho port; that tho crossbar was not properly fixed; that if tho vossol received a " jar " or squeoziug on leaving dock it ought to ' havo been provided, against ; that suoh neglect had rendored tho vessel uuscaworthy, and that tlra leak was not occa sioned by tlra perils of tho sea. A verdict was entered for tho plaintiffs for £168 13s. 8d. Somo questions were reserved for tho Full Court. It wns ruled that tlra court hnd jurisdiction to deal with tho onso ; that tlra vossol being found to bo uuscaworthy boforo sho startod on hor voyago tho damnge did not fall within excepted perils of tho sea ; and that tiio charterers having paid £3400 for tlra uso of tho wholo carrying capa city of tho ship, they wore liablo and not tho owners. Tho ordinary mooting of the Slolbourno Harbor Trust Commissioners will bo held this afternoon. Various licences, recommended by tlra committee for renewal, will bo dealt with. A report on yollow stringy bark will bo pre sented by Commissionor Clement Hoilgkinson. Several tenders wliioli have beon accepted will bo reported for confirmation, and vitrious accounts will bo submitted by tho difforent committees. Tho question of . holding an autumn show of grain at Blelbourno was discussed at tho oounoil mooting of theRoyal AgrioulturalSociety yestor day, when it was decidod by a largo majority that tho results would not justify tho oxpondi- turo, though several speakers remarked with regret that a good show of grain had not yet been scon in Slolbourno. Tho Chairman, Dr. Plummor, insisted that tho farmers as a rule took too much out of tlra land to bo ablo to oxhibit good grain. It was announced that BIr. R, Grice and Bfr. J. B. Gard hud lo3t tlioir Boats on tho council throdgh non-attoiulanoo. Tho death is announced of BIr. J. Hammond, sub-oollcotor of Customs and one of tho oldost officors in that department. Sir. Hammond had until within tho last few weeks been con stantly attending to iiis duties, but for years had suffered from a wound in ouo of his legs. So long as this could bo kept open his health remained fairly good. Lately, howovor, it closed, nnd tho suppressod discharges so materially affected his system thnt he was immediately seized with severe illness. Au operation was performed upon him somo days ago, but did not secure the dos|red relief, and tho patient succumbed. Sir. Hammond was 58 years of ngo, and wns a brother of Mr. T. Hammond, tho ohiof immigration ofiioer at AFillinmstown. His domiso will he deeply regretted by a largo cirolo of friends. AFo nro requested to inform tlra musical por tion of our renders that the examination for the South Province (Victoria) scholarship, founded hy Sir AFilliam J. Clarke in oonneotion with tho Royal College of Blusio, London, will tako place in February noxt at a date which will be adver tised shortly. Tlra scholarship is for tho benefit of natives of this colony only, and the successful competitor receives three years' tuition, with hoard nnd residence at tho college during tho col lege torms, but intending candidates aro remiudod that thoy will have to pay their own passngo to England, nud must Ire prepared to sail in time to commence tlra summor torm at tlra beginning of Slay. Furthor particulars can be obtained at Sir AFilliam J. Olarko's office, 125 AFillinm- stroot. , Tho last nights of Tho Gondoliors nt the Princess's are announced, and tho final perform ance of this highly successful opera will take place on Friday, tlra 19th December. On Sntur- day, 20th Doccmbor, tlra first production in Australia is nnnouncod of a now comio opora ontitlod Blnrjorio, written by Lewis Clifton and Joseph Dilloy, music hy AFaltor Slaughter, and which has beon played with groat success nt tho Prince of AFalos's Theatre for over 200 nights. Tlra cast, iu addition to tlra loading momhors of tho Royal Comio Opera Company, will include Bliss Francos Snvillo, who hns been spooinlly engngod.te oreato the titlo role, making hor rc-nppearancc on tho oporatic stago nftor nn absence of sovernl years. The box plan for Slarjorie will be opened on Blonday noxt at 10 n."m. From a casual inspootion of the slopos of tlra Alps, whilst in search of information regarding tho fauna nud flora of that region, Sir F. Von Sruollor is of opinion that tho land is admirably adapted for cultivation purposes, nnd lie yestor- dny brought tlra matter under tho notice of tlra Slinistor of Lands. BIr. SI'Lonn says tho depart ment dosiros to settle pooplo on tho lnnd in every pnrt of tho oolony, and if any. information is required as to tho conditions undor whicli tho land specially roferrod to may ho takon up tho officors of tho department will furnish it. Tho proposed grand whito oliaraoter and plain dross ball ill nid of tho Antnrotio exploration fund promises to ho a very successful entertain ment. His Excolloncy tlra Governor and suite, Sir AFilliam Clarko, Bart., and Lady Olarlco, Sir SI. If. and Lady Davics, and a long list of influential patrons, havo notified tlioir intention of boing present. Tho ladies of tho Austral 'l Salon, assisted by an influential oommittco of stewards, nro working hard to ensnro the success of tho hall, botli socially and financially. Amongst the characters to bo roproscntcd will bo mnny of tho ancient navigators and early discoverers, incliulingColumhiis, Cook, Sfngcllan, Vnsco do Caina, Do Gonnoviilo, Ross, Tusman, Dumpier, Flindors, La Perouso and a host of others. Tiio committoo charged witli tho decora tion of tho building, are preparing on a grand scala sooncs representing life in tho polar regions. A gontloman, who cruised for nearly fivo years in the Arotio Seas in search of Sir John Frank lin, assisted by others, will represent a party of Esquimaux in dross, ianguago, modes of hunt ing, Ac. BInny tons of icc will bo used in tho representation of icebergs, ice caves, dwellings, &o.; AFo aro requested to direct attention to tho announcement in tho advertising columns. At tho Independent Hall last evening, a lecture, entitled Tlra Chemistry of Common Life, was delivered by Mr. AF. G. Daunoey, under the auspices of the Engineering anil Aichitectural Association. Sir. G. V. Blaolc- hurno, president of tho association, occupied tho olinir. Tho Icoturo dealt, amongst other matters with air and water, their chemical constituents and relation to human life, health anil comfort, tiio narcotics in common uso, and the fermentation of liquors, togotiier witli tlioir notion on tho human system. In speaking on tho latter section of his subject, BIr. Dauncoy condemned the unqualified terms in whioh many tompor- nnco pooplo disparage tho ubo of spirituous liquors, nnd pointed out errors commonly mado by suoh porsons in regard to tho constituents of boor and alcohol, and tlioir effects on the con sumer. A vote of thanks was passed to tho lecturer on tho motion of BIr. E. AF. Dobbs, seconded by BIr. N. E. Jointings. A gymnastic display will bo given in tho Town Hnll tins cvoning by the pupils of the National Gymnasium. All branches of gymnastics, box ing and fonoing will ho illustrated. Thoro will nlso he combats and mclics with swords nud glo-'os. A novelty in the shape of a melte with blackened gloves will bo introduced. Eight men will bo engaged on either side, and whichovor party presents tho oloanost appearance at call of timo will bo declared victors. Tlra proceeds from tho oiitcrtainmcnt aro to ho divided amongst tho various hospitals. ' Tho Choral Harmonic Society will give thoir tenth concert this evening at tho Athenioum (Uppor) Hall, and a very interesting soloction of music hns boon provided. This will includo Falostrina's Stabat Slater for double chorus, tlra septet from tho first act of AFngnor's Tuunhitusor and sovoral madrigals, volksliedcr, &c.;, while tlra services of Bliss Anna Steinliauer, Bliss Alice King and Sir. Thoo; Liebe have also been engaged. Bliss Steinliauer will sing Dovo Sono from Bfozart's Figaro nnd n FrUhlingslied by Emil Hnrtinann, a Danish composor, hitherto unknown in Australia. Miss Alico King will play a prelude and fugue by Bach, and the first movement of Schumann's Fassohitigsohwank Aus AFien ; and Sir. Liebe is announced to por- form Kol Nidrei, un arrangement of Hebrew melodios, by Slnx Bract. Tho AFeber concert advertised for to-night by Sir. Joseph Gillott has boon postponed until Saturday, 20th Decombcr, for tlra reason that another concert had been arranged for this even ing iirtho upper hall of tho Athontouin. BTossrs. Hammill anil Forrester hold a furniture sale at St. Kildn to-day at 11 o'clock. Tho Chilperic Amateur Opera Company repoat their performance of Cliilporic ou Tuesday evening, 23ril December, at the Bijou 'Theatre. Bliss Laura Scrivener (soprano) and Mr. W. Cooper (clarionet soloist) will perform at the Blel bouruo Art Salon this afternoon. Signor Alberto Zcliniui will accompany. We havo received from a correspondent who sends no name or nom tie jtlutne 2s. 6d. in aid of the Christ mas appeal made through the columns of The Aye oil bohalf of the Immigrants' Koine. A public ilobate is to take place in tho Melbourne .Temperance (Lower) ifall, Russcll- stroot, this even ing, at 8 o'clock. Subject : The Drink Traffic ; a Foe to Trade Unions. Opener, BIr. Cieo. Uugbcs. Discussion invited. Admission free. 