SinCKARY. , ' < The bakers' dispute is hearing a oriBis. .The bakers threaten to strike unless their 'terms ate acceded to. The. steamer Ooriali and Bchooner Venus 'yesterday collided in Darling Harbor, the latter losing her jibboom. Tlib R.M.S. Oceana arrived at MelboUrn0 yesterday from London. She is due hereon ' Thursday. . Edwhrd'Nixon was yesterday, at tho Mol- ' bourne Criminal Court, chatged with inan- slaughter in connection with the railway aollision at Oakleigh and remanded till next 'sessions. \- Examiners were yesterday appointed to not witlv the : lecturers in connection with the iMaroh Umversity examinations. John Adams, a miner, narrowly escaped losing his lifo at the Stockton colliery through . being jammed between a skip and a prop. \- Mrs. Milman, who camo to the colony as a free; immigrant, has forfeited L25 to the Queensland Exchequer. Bishop Murrry, of Maitland, is to bepre- ' sentod with a purse of sovereigns upon his . return to Australia. Deaf ears in wheat are very prevalent through the colonies this year. R.M.S. Oceana has arrived in Molbourne from -London with scarlet fever aboard, -i 1 A little child named Pettit was accidentally drowned in a waterhole at Grenfell on Satur day evening. - " Aotive war against tho rabbits will be com- ' tnenced throughout Victoria to-day. ' The fanners to whom seed wheat was ' granted have been asked to make their pay- -ments for tho same - to the C.P.S. in the -' different localities. The question of appointing an intercolonial conference to consider a uniform gauge of rail- jways for tho colonies will probably remain in \- abeyance until the federation scheme has been .finally settled. \- The Queensland Railway Commissioners are : re-arranging their carrying charges for wool on , their, central and northern railways. . . The Shoarera' Union objeot to drinking water : drawn from tlie same source as that in whioh . the wool is washed. The Adelaide butchers have been suoeessful in,' gaining their request for short hours. At the Sessions yesterday John Johnson was let off with two months' imprisonment for . stealing a coat and trousers belonging to a i room mate. . Robert Block was sentenced to 12 years' penal servitude at Criminal Court yesterday : ,for assaulting and robbing Patrick Sneehari. Alderman Tate, the nowly-elected of Pad- . .dington, does not like " wooden-headed " / ideas. Neither does anyone, only you must \ not call them by that name. , Alderman Brown celobrated his re-election to tho Paddington Council by moving that a street named after one of the oldest residents shohld be changed to' " Carringtori." Why not Brown? " What's tho iriatter ivith Tooliey?" "He's all right. So is his Sparkling Amber Ale." 'liook for label on the hotel. A .party of Europeans, consisting of two Messrs. Roque; Captairi F. Roze, and the Messrs. Roque's, servant, have bean captured ;by pirates In China waters. Captain Roze was killed. At Gfehfell a haystack was destroyed by fire, caused, it is stated, by spontaneous com- . 1 buatiori. l The sum of L327 has been raised in Brisbane in aid of the sufferers by the late floods. ' The collector for the Fremantle Town Council (W. A.) has been committed for trial on a-Cliaro of embezzling the furids of tho municipality. i: Mr. Hatry Richards and the members of his company are to make their farewell appear ance at the Coogee Aquarium on Sunday next in a special programme. The Postmhster-General of South Australia is coming hero to inquire into eleotrio light- inK- Wa. Stafford committed suioide in Lismoro Hospital on Sunday. Two brothers named Chamberlain, trusted employees of a firm' in Melbourne, have Con fessed to robbing the promises of their masters and others in the vicinity. A strike of miners is expeoted at Chiltem .<Vi.c.). A splendid supply of fresh water has been struck on the -Toorale run, west of Bourlte, yieldihg'425,900 gallons a day. . Cardinal Moran opened St. Joseph's Convent at Kiama on Sunday. The Hunter River Agricultural Association ha3 decided to send a letter of condolence to the widow of tho late Mr. Andrew Town. Salvage operations on the Holyhead wore commenced yesterday. , The deep drainage systom of Adelaido, said to bo tho most perfect in the colonies, cost L428.75S. Tho Diamantina River, in the far interior, was flooded .between J anuary 4 and 14. Eight inches of rain foil. i. -368,681: people have looked at the Dunedin Exhibition. . The.dhplicato cable for New Zealafid will bo sliippod in a few days. !' A widow at Kyneton (Vic.) is suffering from peritonitis, tlie result of an operation. ' A' tribal fight between kabalcas occurred near Maryborough (Q.) on Sunday, and was Btopped by the police. ' The sugar market in Brisbane was excited yesterday. ' , Mr. ' John See, M.L.A., interviewed the Minister for "Works yesterday with regard to the condition of the river bank at Grafton. Ileipointed.'out that the flood waters had en croached to the extent .of 20ft. in some places. A report by the resident engineer iB now being considered, and soriie action will shortly be taken. James Daly, who was proseouting in a case at .the,- sessions yesterday, bchavod so im pudently that he was Bent to gaol for seven days. ', The fanners are being requested to pay for tfie.seed wheat the Government supplied them With.'. 1 1 ' , William Stafford cut his throat in Lismore Hospital on ' Sunday. a Bu-ixo.iH vureawueu among luu uuiaern (Vic.) ihirie'rs. ..Adelaide commission coining to Sidney to inquire into the best means of lighting Ade laide by electricity. Tho Adelaide sheriff seized the brigantine Zephyrzat the instance of the owners of the Maiy Webstrir, with which Bhe collided on February 1. Liverpool races postponed until Monday next on account of . the rain. First round of Lillio Bridge 100 Yards Han dicap .postponed until Thursday night. Nominations for next Sydney Driving Park meeting close to-day at 4 p.m. The Shearers' Conference, held, at Bourko, terminated last night. Farm Lands. — Bayswater Estate, Ravens- worth, 13 milee beyond Singleton, CO blocks — 30 to 40 acres eacn : 215 blocks — 1 to 4 aoros each ; Hunter River frontages, Bayswater Creek frontages ; 10 years' terms. Sale at Perpy's RoyalHotel, Singleton, Friday, March 21, at 11 a.m. Call of send for a plan to , Watkin and Watkin, 313 Pitt-street, Sydney, or Messrs. Sparke arid Cllft, West Maitland." .The Imperial Manufacturing Company's Pudding Powders make rich and delicious puddings, without eggs, at half the cost. I You cannot show greater wisdom than by selecting a piano at W. H. Paling and Co.'s, Limited, the oldest established house in the trade. Best display ; lowest prices ; easy terms. Sight restored. Spectacles and eye-glasses fitted and made to order at Dinoen and Co.'s, 629 George-street. Colonial .produce, bost quality: steam- cut FCfceped ' chaff, fresh daily, at J. Toohey's, Glebe andAbercrombie streets. The , lightness of cakes, seones, &o.;, mado with "State Baking Powder," iB simply marvellous. On and after Fobruary 9 the business of Hagan and Smith, watchmakers, jewellers, &6i, 350 Geoi'go-stfeet, will bo carried on uudor tlie name of Daniel Hogan and Co., at the new premises, Australian Joint Stock Bank Build ings, George and King streets, The Imperial Co., Limited, 77 Olarenoo- Btreet, call your attention to their new ship- xneut of Afternoon Tea. . Marvellous for its rich aroma, groat strength ; the perfection of Tea, Packod in 31b., 51b., and 101b. canistera. To be had of all Grocers. Sufferers from nervous debility consult Herr Kasa-musson, tho celebrated Danish herbalist, earner Gordon-street and Park-rood, Pad dington, Sydney, His Denmark vitality pills ate a certain cure. , ) ; 1 