Local and General. LAsT year £9238 13s 5d was paid by Syd. ney papers for press telegrams. THE Austrian war ship Famana passed Thursday Island yesterday, bound west. MR. HENRY GEORGE, the apostle of the single-tax doctrine, is at present on a visit to Paris. A MovelrENT is on foot in Christchurch (N Z ), to form a union of capitalists and labourers, Ma. H. TaNNENT DONALDSON has been appointed secretary of the National Protec tion Association. A MAN was arrested at Tocumwal on Tues day, on suspicion of being connected with the Swan Hill murder. TUs Premier, who was progressing very favourably towards recovery, became slightly worse on Tuesday. YESTERDAY vessels carrying 10,349 tons coal cleared at this port for foreign and intorcolonial ports. A LARGE ship, name unknown, was ashore in Torres Straits last night, just about dark. and flying signals of distress. TuE people of the Cape colony are agi tating for legislotion in the direction of toe exclusion of Chinese immigrants. IT was contended in the House last night that the Crown Rents Bill, as introduced, involved a constitutional principle. TIIt commander of the British squadron at Buenos Ayres has been directed to protect German as well as British interests. Tue first instalment of the new wool clip has been received in Sydney by Messrs. Goldsbroughl, Mort and Co., Limited. THE Colonial Treasurer says that it is net true that a number of railway maintenance men are to be dismissed from the service. Tus President of the Argentina Republic has tendered his resignation, owing to. the pressure that has been trought to bear on him. TUE Railway Commissioners are considering a scheme for providing employees certain allowances in cases of sickness or disable ment. THE Minister for Mines and Agriculture intends to introduce a bill this session deal ing with the Bathurst burr and other noxious weeds. AT Newport, 24 British man of-war's men deserted from their ships, and a party sent to recapture them shot one and killed another with a cutlass. TROUBLE is reported in the English ship ping trade. The dockers at Newcastle-orin 'fyno have refused to unload six ships carry ing Danish produce. OWING to the-rapid spread of the cholera epidemic, extensive precautions are being taken at Egyptian and French po:ts against the danger of infection. TuE insurance companies at Goulburn are dilatory in paying the usual contributions to the fire brigades, and the dissolution of the latter body is talked of. DUnieG the past year's operations, the Bulli Coal Company lost £889; corisequently no dividends whatever could be paid, even to preferential shareholders. Tao Seamen's Union has notified that the members of the union will be withdrawn from the T.S.N. Company's steamer Corinna un less a'momber is reinstated. AT St. Arnaud (Vie.), Charles Bilton, aged 24, took half an ounce of strychnine by mistake, and died within an hour. He was a widover, and-leaves two children. HiEs Y WoRaona, who suffered severe injuries by boing thrown from his horse at Bourke some time back, is recovering slowly. He was uiconscious for flvo days. THu debentures of the New Zealanid Bank Estates Company are now quoted at a dis count of 2. The public have been allotted 70 per cent. of the amount offered. In the police court yesterday, nearly a dozen 'busmen and babbies were fined, at the instance of Inspector Lloyd, for committing various breaches of the city bylaws. Tuo Wharf-labourers' Union in Sydney has refused to allow their members to unload the steamer Janet Nicoll, which has returned from the islands with a Kanaka crew. IN the police court yesterday, Albort Hencham, a youth of 13, was committed for trial on a charge of atealing a watch and chain from a dwelling-house at Islington. SIB JAMEs FERaOUSsoN announced in the House of Commons on Monday that a con vention had been concluded affirming the indopendence of Swaziland, in South Africa. IN the police court yesterday, after a two days' hearing, John Basiliecd was committed for trial on a charge of embezzling the sum of £14 5s from his employer, John Morrison. PsnsoNs wishing to adopt the electric light in their business places and private houses are invited, by the contractor, in our advertising columns, to apply for particulars. Ma. Jone WxLLes, formerly of Singleton and Newcastle, and who has for the last few months occupied a position on the literary staff of the DUily Telegraph, of Sydney, has been engaged as editor of the Alrmidaie Chronicle. CoMae either in tram, 'bus, train, or steamer, or walk, run, roll, or any way you like, but see you get there for some of the wonderful bargains at M. AlaD AND Spo's wonderful sale, 'ntI ttock of tin in England and Holland is the same as last month, viz., 10,000 tons. Tu' stock of copper in England and France is 68,000 tons, as against 00,000 tons last month. Tois evening, at the Hamilton Mechanics' Institute, a grand supplementary bazaar and sale of work will be held. Tan Tasmanian revenue for the past year was £6000 below the estimatse, and the ex ponditure £10,000 above. IN the Queensland Parliament last night Sir Samuel Griffith's want of confidence motion was negatived by 35 votes to 33. AT the Musio-hall, Lambton, a grand bazaar, in a:d of the Jesmond Primitive Methodist Church, will be opet.ed this after noon. Mn. N. MOLYVILLE last night in the House brought forwarA the question of the Northern Rifle Association established at Singleton. KEMiLER, the 'ew York murderer, was to be exrcuted by electricity. The condemned was in a pitiable condition, he being a hope less maniac. A sERIOUs railway collision occurred at Princes stret railway station, Melbourne, yes terday morning, and several passengers were badly injured. Toe RKing of Dahomey has agreed to cede Whydah, the principal port of his kingdom, and Kotonon, to France, and to recognise both places as under the French sphere of influence. AT the request of Mr. A. Brown, M.P., the Minister for Public Works has pro. mined to lay on the table a report upon the condition of the southern breakwater at Newcastle. A nMAss meeting of Arabs, held at Zanzi bar, hal accepted the decree issued by the Sultan of Zmnzibar, acting under British in fluence, for the gradual abolition of the slave trade. Mr. WiuzIerre KloN, acting representa tive of the Neow Zealand Press Association in Sydney has been appointed secretary to the recently-formed Pastoralists' Union of hew South Wales. IT has just been revealed that Prince Bismarck, while Chancellor of the Empire, expended no less than 48,000,0C0 marks from the "reptile" fund in bribing the press to support his policy. In the British House of Commons on Mon day the Under-Secretary of Foreign Affairs said that the people of the Cape colony were not affected by the Anglo-German East African agreement. TnE barque Susser Malcolm left Port Augusta (S.A.) on Monday with a cargo of 1839 tons of manganese, valued at £55,710. This is the first full cargo of this metal which has left South Australia. Ax alligator, 14ft long, which was shipped aboard the steamer Archer at Normanton (Q.), broke out of its cage, and caused tre mendous sensation among all hands. It took an hour to recapture the alligator. EDwARDn WADRono, who pleaded guilty in Sydney to a charge of having stolen several articles, the property of Hordern Bros., by whom he was employed, was sentenced yee terday to two years' hard labour in Darling hurst gaol. Mt. W. Coae will offer for sale by auction, this afternoon, on the ground, Dixon-street, Lambton, a aix-roomed weather board house. Lovans of ferns, palms,' mosses, &o.;, will have an opportunity this afternoon for in vestment. Mr. J. F. Gow's collection will be submitted to auction at his residence, Wolfe-street, at 2.30 p.m. Change of resi dence is the only reason for disposing of the choice collection. Catalogues can be pro oured from the auctioneers, Meesrs. Creer and Berkeley. 