GENERAL flZWS Vital Statistics.— Mr B. M.- Johnston, the Government Statistician, reports on the vital' and meteorological; statistics of the registration districts of .-- Hoburt and 'Latin?.- . ceatonfor January, 1890:— Vital Statistics — Bilths!: During. ,the month of January,. 182 births— 66 males and 66 females --were 'registered in the .registration .'.districts o£; ?Ho bar t and Launceston. -This shows an increase of 18 births: as compared with the , corresponding: month,, last year; and' a fiecreaso of 17'60-as compared with the average of the births registered in January during the' last ^five-yearly- period. To every 1000 of i the; population of the two districts the proportionsiiof births regis tered were,as follows.:^-For:. Hobart, 2 05 j for Launceston', 269. '.Deaths: The deaths registered in January, in Hobart and Laun ? ceston,. numbered .rlOl^-63, males and' 38 , females, 24 deaths, ox -28*76 per cent of the whole;; took: place! in public institutions,, The total 'number of , deaths registered in the two districtsiduring ; January, 1890, at less than that for the corresponding month last.year; by -46, /and shows a decrease of 47*00 as compared with theaverago number ? of deaths registered in January during the last five-yearly, -period. To every 1000 of the population of -the. respective divisions the proportions lof deaths registered were ? as follows :—. Hobart, 1'65.; Launceston, .1*91. The deaths' under five years of age numbered 41, or 40,59 per cent, of which 35 were under 1 year 'Of age; the deaths be tween 5 and ,75 years of ? age numbered 46, or 45-54 per cent ;: and'the deaths 75 years and' upwards numbered 14, or 1387 per ? cent. Of the 101 deaths' registered during January, ' 8 actually' occurred during the month of December, and 93 actually occurred during the. i month of January. The total deaths registered up to the pre . sent time as having : -.' actually occurred during December amount: to 101 (70 in Hobart and 31. in, Launceston), which is 2 more than the .deaths! registered during, that . month irrespective of date of actual occurrence. In the country districts the births were 117 males, 130 females ; total, ? 247 as against 224 for the corresponding month in 1889, and 228 in 1888. The deaths in the same localities were 44 males, 27 females ; total, 71 compared with 77 for : January, 1889, and 85 January, 1888. The Town of Dbvonport. — The pro posal to amalgamate the towns of Formby and Torquay into the town of Dovonport and place it under the direction of a board, to be composed of four^ representatives from each side of the ? river* was carried , into effectonTuesday by the taking of a poll ? to decide the question of amalgamation, and for the election of the board. No op , position was shown on the Formby side — ill6 being in favor, and none against, whilst on the Torquay side 96 were ? in favor and 27 against; the majority \- therefore being greatly with the ayes. The decision to amalgamate was received with much enthusiasm and general satis faction ; as was also the election of the ? foiling gentlemen to constitute the Devon port Town Board :— Messrs. J. Henry, D. Cocker, W. Aikenhead, T. P. Cowle, A. ?Gatenbj, H. T. Smith, E. 'Winspear, and Captain Holyman, sen. Mount Zkkhan. — Our correspondent wrote last Thursday:— Just a hurried note to inform you that the dense bush country surrounding us for miles is completely enveloped in flames, and the conflagration is something startling to behold. I hear all combustible buildings, etc,, on the Corn stock and South Comstock mines have been completely devoured in the flames, while the telegraph line must be injured for a very great length. All the buildings on the Queen mine, and also all those on the township were in imminent danger for some time, but I am glad to say they are now sale. The Zeehan and King properties are perfectly secure, but how they are faring further afield it would be hard to tell at present, as all tracks are impassable. It is to be hoped we will not experience another 'Black Thursday,' to be recorded in history, like that of Thursday, ffubruary 6, 1851, when great injury was done to life and property by bush fires. The Mubeum and Aet Gallery. — In another month the Museum and Art Gallery will be completed, and will be ready for the reception of pictures and specimens which ore in future to adorn the structure. Nothing, however, seems to be done rela tive to the approaches and surroundings of the building, and unlesa something is effected to make them presentable and in keeping -with the building, it will be de void of the attraction the structure de serves. We understand a plan has been sub mitted to the municipal authorities in which the approach to the building has been most tastefully laid out with shrubs ; the old unsightly fence would be removed, and from a handsome pair of gates a gravel walk -would lead to the main entrance. If any planting is to be done, it is about time ?it was commenced, as shrubs require time to mature, but this seems to be considered by the authorities quite a trivial matter. Dim'ebences oi? Opinion. — 'Whenever a ?dispute arises concerning, the sale of a horse, which eventually leads to litigation, it is always expected that the evidence bearing on the case will at least vary in some degree. A case, however, occupied the Court of Bequests on Tuesday in which the witnesses disagreed to a directly con tradictory extent. Some time back Mr Thos. Symmons, of the Oaks, Bold a horse to 'Dr. Cotterell, of this city, aa being ' quiet,' and gave him a guarantee that the animal was so. Dr. Cotterell, who was the plain tiff in the action, gave testimony which went to show that the horse was anything but quiet, and in fact stated unhesitatingly that he was a moat vicious brute. This opinion was supported by tb.B evidence of three or four witnesses, all of whom had \- driven or seen the animal driven, and who were accustomed to horses for the greater portion of their lives. The defendant, however, called a number of witnesses who had known the animal for years, and had ?never heard of him 'playing up' in any way. One of those giving evidence stated it was ob ' quiet as a child,' while a lady who had driven the horse on several occa | sions during a period of four years stated ! she 'never hoped to drive a better or i quieter animal.' The statements all round I were so conflicting that the Commissioner, Mr Waterhouse, stated if the animal were present in Court, and had sufficient intelli [ gence to have understood what each, wit ! ness had said, it would certainly be .at a I loss to know whether it was quiet or the i reverse. j Ui.yjsB8T0NB1TowN Boabd.— Our Northi -West; Coast1' representative writes:— The' usual ,meetihg'qf, the Town Board was held : at' the' town i clerk's office' on Friday even ing.1 Ttiere'';were present— Messrs. A; G. Dixon (chairman),' H.G. K. Wells,1 \WV W. SmithieSj'A. BUis, arid J. A. Fogg (town -.clerk).' ;,' A' 'letter was received from- the ?Minister of Lands stating, in reply ? to ' one: from the 'bddrd, that the chairman of the ' .Town Board could frank letters contdihinor accounts to , Auditor-General, and the chairman of , the Board of Health to the chairman of, the Central Board. A letter was received from ths Government to the^ Bffect that an overdraft at the bank of £500 would . not be considered as a sum locally raised on which to claim a subsidy for street improvements. The town clerk was instructed to' apply at once for two copies of .the assessment roll, 1890, ,in order to get demands for rates out immediately. The tender of Mr Peters wae accepted for fencing the sideline in Moin-sSreot, at £2. Messrs. Ellis, Wells, and Dixon wore ap pointed a committee to inspect the drains running across from Main-street from pro perties, of Messrs. Foster and C. A, King, and ,report.-on, same to ? next meeting. Messrs. Ellis and Wells reported on culvert in -Germain-street, and recommended taking up the -present culvert and re placing it with a larger one, and it was resolved to invite tenders for the work. Exhibition Committee.— The usual weekly meeting . of the executive com mittee . of the. Tasmanian Juvenile and, Industrial .^Exhibition was. held in , the Mayor's, room, Town Hall, ' on, Monday. Present — Messrs. A. Webster (chairman), W. B. Marsh, S. J. Sutton (Mayor), J. Campbell, F. G. Duff, B. P, Farrelly, and W. H. Knight. Mr Sutton, the secretary, rer ported that the building committee met on Friday last, and conferred with Mr Duncan as to the plans, with the result that the ground plan of the annexes was laid before the committee that night. He (Mr Sutton) thought it would be 'well to call for tenders for any erecting, maintaining, and removing, say, 30,000ft to 50,0B0ft of annexes. Mr Duff, moved—' That the plans be received, and' that they be left in the hands of the building committee and the architect, to make preparations to call for tenders for the annexes.' Mr Farrelly seconded the motion, which was carried. Mr Duff said he considered the time had arrived when every member of the committee should 'be canvassing to increase the finances. The funds were,now the most important thing in connection with 'the, Exhibition; and it* was desirable to call a meeting of 'the general committee, at which all' the sub committees would be appointed. He moved — 'Thafa special general meeting of the committee be held that night four weeks for the purpose o? receiving the report of the building committee and appoint sub committees/' Mr Campbell seconded the resolution, which was carried. An account of £5 was passed for payment. A vote of thanks to the chairman closed the meet ing. A Habd Cash. — Messrs. Fitgerald Bros., booksellers, George-street,, complain that they were subjected on Saturday t,o what appears a matter of harsh treument by the Customs officials. Large packages of colo nial and English illustrated papers, with colored supplements, were received by the incoming steamers for various local firms, and all were passed without inspection except those consigned to the firm in question. These were opened and scattered about the wharf in heaps, the officials stating that the colored supplements were dutiable, although it was subsequently found that they were not so. The firm refused to take delivery of the papers without the plates, and so the whole was, after a prolonged exposure on the wharf, taken into an office and locked up. After the confession that the goods were' not dutiable, Messrs. Fitzgerald sought to take delivery, but could not get possession, and hence papers that should have been deli vered in the city, and despatched by rail or post, are still lying in one of the offices at the Customs shed. The colonial papers, Australasian and Sportsman, were de tained for one and a half hours, thus also missing the post, and being late in delivery in town. The Lawyeb and the Detective. — Lawyers are mostly considered smart men, but they do occasionally meet their matches, and for that matter those who can eclipse them in thorough smartness. Those who watched the proceedings at the Police Court on Jan. 7 Were treated to a test case. A well-known lawyer, who was retained to defend a man who had been charged with having been drunk and disorderly the night previous, rose with a look of triumph to cross-examine a witness. Asked the lawyer, ' Your sole business hers has been the race meeting ?' Witness — 'Yes.' Lawyer — ' Did you bring any tables with you ?' Witness — ' No ; I did not want my furniture over here.' Lawyer ? — ' Now, sir, do you not know that there are a lot of light- fingered gentry over for the races ?' Witness— 'Yes. ' Lawyer— 'And do you not know the defendant was robbed ?' Wit ness — f'No.' Lawyer — 'Well, your only business here was the races ?' Witness— ? ' Yes.' Lawyer — ' You did hear that the defondant was robbed?' Witness — ' I did.'. The Police Magistrate to wit ness — ' Are you not a detective in the employ of the V.B.C., at pre sent under engagement to Tasmania in connection with the T.T.C.' Witness— ' Yes.' The lawyer at first looked puzzled, gazed from the Bench to the witness-box, and Anally sat down amidst an audible buzz of amusement. The detective then sat next the lecal gentleman, and expla nations mutually satisfactory were in dulged in. The Weatheb. — The hot weather con tinued till Friday, 7th instant, when a sudden change took place, and the air be came considerably cooler. The thermometer at 1 o'clock registered 91 in the shade and 147 in the sun, but at 3 o'clock it had de clined to 83 in the shade and 141 in the sun, . After this hour the barometer fell quickly and about half-past 6 oclock a smart shower fell for a short time. The glass continued to fall, and at the time of going to press rain was falling. — Our Hobart correspondent wired last night :— A decided improvement has taken place in the state of the weather. The temperature to-day was most pleasant, and the ther mometer registered 84 in the shade and 128 in the sun. The atmosphere was hazy and light with ta southerly breeze. ELLESMERE POLICE COURT - At this ,Court on the 31st ult. Messrs. C; O'Reilly, S.M.; and S. Hawkes, J.P., occupied the; Bench. Jeremiah Hardy, arrested on a warrant at Avoca, was charged by Fanny Hardy with leaving herself and four chil- dren without means of support. The Bench adjourned the case, the complainant not wishing to press the charge, and the accused expressing his willingness to pro- vide for his family. An order was granted prohibiting publicans from serving a man with liquor for 12 months. The Licensing Act.— The Police Magis trate, in the following terse sentence in connection with delivering judgment on Saturday in the case Coultor v. Powell, which appears in another 'column, has exposed a serious defect in the new Licensing Act:— 'The act provided the moans to allow persons to commit the evil that the spirit of the act provided against.' It ia to be hoped that the intimation of the superintendent of police to have a case ntatcd for the .decision of the ' Supreme Court on the'- interpretation of the word ;' traveller' will be carried out, for the con struction which the magistrates confessed they were obliged to put upon it in the ; judgment referred to renders the act abor tive in a most important feature. Accidental.— An accident , occurred n' [the neighborhood of the gasworks on Fri-. day morning. A horse belonging to Mr Callaghan, of Inveresk, and drawing an empty dray, was being driven along West combe-street at 8 o'clock, when' the horse, took fright at the gasworks whistle and; bolted. The driver, whose name is John Forbes, was 'thrown back, and lost com mand over the animal, which dragged the cart, along the side walk to the corner, where the wheel struck the iron fence, and horse and cart were overturned, the man being underneath. A large number of persons were at once on the spot, who righted the horse and cart, and extricated' the driver from hie perilous position. He was found to be severely shaken, and the internal injury he has re ceived will confine him to the house, the doctor says, for some' few days. The horse was only slightly scratched, and one shaft was broken. A Nolle Pbosequi. — It will be re membered that at the November sitting of the Launceston Criminal Court Henry P. Stubbs, an employe at the General Post, Office was indicted for stealing a letter, containing money. The jury were divided in their opinion as to the guilt of the accused, and were discharged, Stubbs being bound over to appear at the next Court. We understand that at the special sitting of the Court to be held on the 20th inst. the Solicitor-General will apply for a nolle prosequi to be entered. The Bibds of Austbalia. — From the publishers, Messrs. G. Stuart and Co., the celebrated intercolonial firm of publishers, we have to acknowledge the receipt of Nos. 3 and 4 of Broinowski's carefully compiled work, ' The Birds of Australia.' The third number opens with some beautiful pictures of the family Ardeitie, namely, bitterns, herons, and egrets, a large and representa tive familv found in every part of the globe. The bitterns are described as noc turnal birds, and at night may be seen skulking about marshes and the banks of rivers, and Broiuowski tells us their habi tats are Gulf of Carpentaria, Richmond, and Clarence 'River districts, New South Wales, Victoria, Tasmania, West Australia, and New Zealand. No. 4 is devoted to a most, interesting collection, especially to Tas mania, namely, sand pipers, whimberels, the Australian curlew, spoonbills, the straw necked, white, and glossy ibis, and snipe. Each of this class has a special plate, and accompanying the illustrations is a short, concise, and chatty description of its genus, habitat, and plumage, and some special remarks of the renowned traveller and ornithologist, Gould, who in his peregrina tions throughout, Australia took special in terest in its bird life. Every plate is a work of art and is a credit to the publishers, Messrs. Murray and Co., lithographic printers, of Sydney. Ulvkhstone Mahine Boabd. — Our North- Wast Coast representative writes: — The board met on the 5tb inst. Present — Messrs. Ellis (Master Warden), Beecraft, Clerke. and Dixon. A letter was received from the manager of the Bank of Austra lasia, stating there were no funds belong ing to Leven, also referring to Mr Clarke's unfinished contract for the Dolphen on the East Spit. A letter was read from the Minister of Lands stating that the amount of votes for Leven available are as follows : — Harbor improvements, 53 Vic, No. 54, £5000 ; harbor improvements, 51 Vic, No. 47, £315 17s ; training wall, 53 Vic, No. 54, £407 19s 4d, The letter pointed out that the latter item is for a wall from the east side of Leven to Black Jack, and that until this (which is evidently an error) is recti fied, the amount must remain in abeyance. On the motion of Warden Dixon, seconded by Warden Clerke, the unfinished contract of Mr J. Clarke was cancelled, and the sum of £4 paid for work done. On the motion of Warden Beecraft, seconded by Warden Clerke, it was decided to call for tenders for the construction of the training wall, on the west side of the Leven, as per engi neer's plans, tenders to be received till noon, March 5th. Warden Olerke reported he had appointed Mr Angus M'Pherson, harbor master, at Penguin, at a salary of £7 10s per annum. Warden Beecraft re ported he had appointed Mr G. Smith, harbor master, at Forth, to receive pay at the rate of £7 10s per annum for the month of December, and at the rate of £5 per annum from January 1st. A large amount of business was transacted, and the board rose at 5 p.m. Poison in Gloves. — A Warsaw news paper reports a singular fatality which occurred recently in that city. A young Jewess from Kieff was visiting her friends in the Polish capital, who gave a ball in honor of their handsome young kinswoman. The latter purchased for the occasion a pair of long Danish gloves. Whilst dancing the young lady felt a severe pain in her left wrist, which became suddenly inflamed and swollen. It appears that whilst making her toilet she had slightly pricked her wrist with a pin. A medical examination showed that the young lady was suffering from carbuncle and blood-poisoning, contracted from the glove, which the doctors declare to have been made from the skin of an animal suffering from carbuncle or anthrax. Notwithstanding the various means adopted by the doctors to save their unfortunate patient, she died within 48 hours in tjreat agony. The fatal gloves were purchased ia a fashionable Warsaw shop. Gibm' iNDCTSTBrAi, SOHOOlrr-The usual monthly meeting- of the ladies' committee of the.Girls' Industrial School was held at the Town Hall pn; Tuesday. Present— Mri FJexmari (in the chair), Meadames Barnes, Button, Soltau, Stanfleld, and Stewart, and the secretary. Mesdamea Gilmdre oad Barwopd sent apologies for non-attenda'nc^. After prayer the minutes of the ,\aat meeting were read '.and eonfirmed, the matron's report was' read, and many accounts passed for payment. During the month the children were indebted to Mr A. Jones and to Mr Alexander Evans for two most enjoyable outings. The interior ap pearance of the school has been greatly improved, sundry necessary repairs, to gether with painting, whitewashing, etc;, having been carried out. The health of the children, on the whole, has continued good. The following contributions aTe gratefully acknowledged :— Vegetables, Mr B. Gleadow; pictures, Mr Holder ; books, an unknown friend ; fruit, Mrs Elliot and Mr Mosey; combs, Miss Thompson; milk, Air Hickson ; large quantity of fish, Messrs. Andrews and Berriman, George Town. The Late Mate op the S.S; Camdbia. — The sad news that Mr J. Jarman, mate of the a.s. Cambria, had been accidentally drowned at Wyiiyard through a boat up setting on Tuesday last was received with great regret, he being much esteemed by all with whom he come in contact. On Wed nesday a large number of people gathered on the pier pending the arrival of the s.s. ambrid, which cdine up the river with her flag half- mast, as a sign that the remains of the deceased mate were on board. On arrival, the body was conveyed to the family residence, in Wellington-street. With regard to the accident, we re ceived the following fuller particulars:— On Tuesday morning, about half-past 2 o'clock, Captain B. Keid, of the s^s. Cambria, when off the mouth of the Eiver Inglis, ordered a boat away containing the mate and one of the crew, named Charles' NelBon, to show a light in the vicinity of the beacon, it being a standing order of the captain not to go near the beacon itself. Arriving near the beacon, the boat was filled by the surf and overturned. Nelson managed to get on to the bottom of the boat, and helped Jarman also to get on to it. However, the latter slipped off and Nelson, when proceeding to get hold of him, found, that he was dead. The body was. floating for some time bBside the boat and dtter wcrds 'was driven towards the beach, where it was found an hour later, head down. Nelson, who had called an alarm, was heard by Captain Heid, who put another boat out and rescued him from his perilous position. From these statements, which were received from good authority, and also from the evidence of the medical officer given at the inquest, it is evident that Jarman, who was of stout build and was suffering from fatty degeneration of the heart, met his death through the shock received by the capsizing of the boat. The body never sank after the death occurred and floated all the time until, it was picked up. ' Cannibalism ubt by uhbitianity.' — This was the f-ubject of a lecture delivered on Feb. 12 in the Memorial Church, Wel lington-street, by the Bev. J. G. Paton, who has attained wide popularity as a mission ary in the South Sen Islands. Pastor Soltau occupied the choir, and the church was well filled by a large audience, whose sympathies went with the lecturer as he vividly depicted the hardships met with on the South Sea Islands. He spoke of the early difficulties of the mission, and how, notwithstanding the opposition and ob stacles met with, the Gospel soon shed its light over the dark minds of a dark race, and gradually Christianity took the place of cannibalism, substituting gladntjss for sorrow. He traced the various steps of progress made by the mission, and spolce to show those present that whilst great good had been done iu the past, greater good could be done in the future ; but to attain such, funds were needed, and he therefore hoped those whose interests in the work were identical with his own would assist them liberally. The perils encountered and dangers braved by missionaries weve dwelt upon, and at the conclusion of a most interesting lecture a collection in aid of the missionary work was taken up. An Attempi to Bob a Bank. — About 9-45 on Tuesday morning the Bank of New South Wales, Wellington, a township 240 miles north-west of Sydney, was the scene of much excitement (says an exchange) caused through the desperate action of a rough-looking man, wearing a straw hat, entering the bank and demanding change of a £5-note. The manager, Mr Bayley, was out at the time, but Mr Shute, the accountant, opened the cash drawer to get the change, when he discovered that the note was only for £1. At this moment the man went round the lid of the counter and presented a loaded revolver at the account ant, saying. ' Bail up, or I will blow your brains out.' The revolver was at this time close to Mr Shute's face, who threw the man's arm up and grappled with him. After throwing the man back Mr Shute hastily snatched his own revolver from the drawer and went round to the manager's room. Mr Heathershaw, manager of the London Chartered Bank, was just coming in at this moment. When the robber saw Mr Shute at the door, and in a position of advantage, he fled and mounted a horse which he had waiting outside. The alarm was imme diately given, and the desperado was chased by Senior-sergeant Chiplin and Mr Breeze. After going half a mile the man got off his horse and fired two shots in the air. He then turned his weapon and deliberately shot himselE in the mouth, dying immedi ately. 'The body was brought into town under the charge of the sergeant. Both Mr Shute and Mr Heathershaw had a very narrow escape. The would-be robber had provided himself with cord, gags, and change of clothing, as if he intended to carry out his designs at any cost. The wildest excitement prevailed in town for a while. Deceased's name has not yet trans pired, but he is supposed to be W. Masters a pedestiian, who lately entered: for a han dicap at iSydney. The Auxiliary Foboe.— Following up the enrolment of the Auxiliary Force, the appointment of officers to the several com panies continues to be xat&e;, and Colonel Warner supplies us with the following, which are tho latest ho has received:— Dorset Company (Scottadale Division)— L. Ellis, color-sergeant ; J. J- Westbrook, ser ceant ; E. W. Counsel and E. P. Foat, cor porals. Dorset (Derby Division)— S. Banks and Michael Davern, sergeants' George Bradley, corporal. Cornwall Company (St. Mary's Division)— J. King and L. FjChier, sergeants, .and W. M'Inte.6i corporal. A Bishop on FooiBAtx^-The Bishop1 it Eipdn preached1 on football to over a thou sand men in Bradford a' few Sundays- ago (says the Manchester Times), His Lordship' said that if Christ had seen finch a great crowd as assembled in Bradford on Satur day, and noticed the enthusiusm and in terest in the game. He would have rejoiced, with them m breaking away from work, and would have drawn out all the good He could. St. Paul also would have stepped into the field, and found his illustrations there; The Bishop, who is a lover of th» jame, urged that it wns worth playing and watching for its own sake, apart from bet iingand other evils. The Ebchabites;— The thirteenth an niversary of the formation of the Friend ihip Female Tent I.O.B. was celebrated by i tea meeting and entertainment at tha Temperance Hall on Wednesday. The tea, which was an excellent one, was provided by Mr W. Wade. At the entertainment Bro. M'Crory, D.H.KB., occupied the chair,, and there was a large audience. The chairman stated the Friendship Tent com menced with only a few members, and it now numbered 87'. It had a sick fund, amounting to £130; and during 1889 £60 had been disbursed iu sick pay. NoneoE the members of the tent had died since it was formed. Speeches were delivered by; Bros. J. Lloyd, D. Starrer, and J1. Shepheid Songs and recitations were admirably gives by Misses Souter, Crooks, and Walbourne, Messrs. A. J. Scott, Jacobin, Sims, and Sayers. Miss Sorenson acted as accom panist. Chambebs of Cokmebci!.— A conference) of delegates from the various Chambers of. Commerce wag opened at Dunedin on: January 28 (says an exchange). Great die-, appointment has been expressed at the absence of any Australian delegates, a fact which is held to indicate how little real interest Victorians or Australians take in the nfr..irs of New Zealand. Mr J. M. Eitchie, president of the Dunedin Chamber, in his opening address, said that although probably they were tired of talking about federation, the discussion had had one good effect in snowing the ignorauce which pre vailed about what each colony was doing, which ignorance among politicians . was notorious, in prooE of which he quoted Mr M'Millnn's admission that he did not know Mr Deofcin, while he wcib certain many o£ tbe Premiers of the various colonies did not know each other. A paper on commercial federation, by Mr Pulsford, of Sydney, wa& then read, and also one by Mr Cowderoy, reviewing some of the questions discussed at the Melbourne Conference. Mr Stead, of Christchurch, read a paper on immigra tion and the progress of the colony, In, which he urged the necessity of securing an addition to the population of a suitable class of immigrants, a motion to that effect being afterwards carried. In the discussion on commercial federation, Mr Roberts, the Mayor of Danedin, quoted the remarks ofi Mr Cowderoy to prove that the people o£ Victoria, as a whole, as was shown by the legislation oi last session, were not support ing the advocates of the movement in favoK of intercolonial free trade. The Black and White Biots ik Geoboia.— Eeports received per s.s. Ionic, state that a conflict broke out on Decem ber 25 between negroes and whites at Jesup, Georgia, arising out of an attempt to arrest a negro desperado. The whites broke into the gaol, and, firing at two negroes, riddled them with bullets. Many negroes were taken from their homes to day and flogged, and other were compelled to leave the place. Two whites are known to have been killed and several others in jured. A number of negroes were also shot, some estimates placing the number of killed and injured at 20. Some terrible conflicts between whites and negroes ar» reported from the Southern States. Tho most serious of these occurred at Jesup, ia Georgia, where a sanguinary fight took place The origin of the quarrel is some what obscure, but according to one account it begin in a gambling den, where a num ber of negroes resisted arrest. The fight spread outside, where the excited mobs gathered in the streets, blacks and whites firing upon each other izidiscriminately, the result being that no fewer than eight negroes and two white men were killed, while large numbers were wounded on either side. The negroes, beaten back by the superior weapons of their opponents, fled to the swamps in the neighborhood oi the town, and in the present exoited state of the two parties further trouble is con fidently predictod. Another negro riot was was caused at the city of Augusta, the dis turbance being brought about by a police man severely clubbing a negro prisoner who hnd tried to escape from custody. The fight was furious for a time, but tho mob had no weapons, and the result conse quently was not so serious as at Jesup. One negro, however, was killed, and ano ther seriously injured: A third negro riot is reported from Barnesville, in Georgia, though the origin of it is unknown at pre sent. The fighting was sanguinary, but the blacks could make little stand against the revolvers of the whites. Three negroes were killed outright, and a large number were wounded. These terrible racial con flicts in the South are now attracting very general attention throughout the States. Theatbicai, Rivals. — The following f rom the St. James' Gazette for December 24 will cause friends of Madame Melba (says a Melbourne exchange) to wonder whatever is the matter *.— ' The annals of the lyrical stago are full of the rivalries and combats of 'leading ladies.' These divine creatures slip- off their divinity with their role, and become very human indeed behind the scenes. If report be true, we have not changed all this, though civilisa tion may have somewhat modified1 the manner of combat,, and rendered it less ferocious. They do not slap or scratch each other nowadays; they go to the manager ond demand each other's diomissaL T-he leading ladies at the Paris Grand Opera ? both of British descent— are carrying on the traditions of their kind just now, and worrying their manager to death. One hails from America, the other from Austra lia. The latter is the greater artist ; but the American lady, true to he? nationality, makes up what is lacking in this respect by extra spirit and — if the word be not rude —?bounce. Their weapons are different. America appears with fire in her eye, Australia with tears— lika the gentle Sontag when bullied by impetuous Malibran. But the tears are powerless to quench, the fire, and the fire to dry the tears. Unhappy ladies! More unhappy manager I Yet there are who envy him his, fa.rn.Uia; interco^BQ ?with goddesses,' THk'LSPEBS 0» M.OL0KAI.— The Hev. Hugh B. Chapmani' vicar ' of :. St. Luke's, Camberwell, delivered in , .Westminster Abbey on 23rd December, (says an English journal) an address on the' LA?e and Death, of Father Damio'n among the lepers of Holokai. Beginning witfe ,.. a .reference to the death oi that brifivant, scholar and eminent theologian,. the Bishop of Durham, ?whose place the most sanguine could not hope to B88 'filled, the lecturer went on to {beak of an honorable life and an equally honoratSe death— She life and death of father Damien. It was consistent with the Eruditions of the Abbey that reference ?should be made to this Christian hero, for Attached to' ttiat institution in former times was a leper-house which 'benefited by 'its ^charity and its prayers the people to ?whom Father Damien had devoted himself 'with such altruism and heroism. Having ^recounted fche principal events in the life ?of Father Damien, from his birth in 'Belgium. 4a 1810 to his .priesthood in the *group of South Sea Islands, and his subse quent voluntary exile among the segre gated lagers in the island of Molokai, Mr 'Chapman dwelt upon the characteristics o£ his hero -his perseverance, his versatality, his cheEtfulness and his: humility. He re garded it as a special sign of the Divine favor that, after escaping 12 years, he should be allowed to su'fler to the very ex tremity of pain, in order that he might prove to the lepero'taat he was in deed, as well as in word, their brother. The in fluence of this great and tragic life, which ought to make us less- selfish, had already made itself felt, for' the lepers were not alone, though 'father Damien was dead. Hio successor was Father Wendelin, with ; 'whom was a devoted band of priests and of women, who had gone to live and die in that awful community. A young Bomoa; Catholic lady, 27 years old, the daughter of ' a Church of England clergyman, but wfoo ? ?did not wish to have her name known, was ! leaving England next month in order to toe ' ? a nurse to the lepers. She would go out onj the 18th of January, and once there would-: ' be unable to leave the island. ' (Jbneiux , Boulangkb ? Boulantjismt wilLprobably have another ' flutter.' It is. stated, upoa the respectable authority of. the. Journal des Vtbats, that lime. Bon nemain, the companion of the discredited agitator in hid flight to Brussels, London, and Jersey, has just come into possession of £240,008 by the death of a relative. Royal Musicians. — Kings, queens; princes, and princesses are fond of music. Some are successful (says a musical journal) and others are not, although the courtiers do not dare to tell the truth. The Queen has a lovely voice still, and has a beautiful touch on the piano ; the Princess Beatrice and Prinoess Louise have brilliant powers of execution and play everything at1 =8786 sight. The Prince of Wales plays the banjo fairly well. The Princess of Wales 'is a skilful; pianist. The Duke of Connaught umuseshimself with the flute. The Duke of Edinburgh is a good violinist. The Czar of all the Stussias plays a handsome silver cornet. ' &ueen; Marguerite of Italy makes herself -happy at the piano. Prince Henry of Prussia is a composer and a performer on the^ violin and piano. The beautiful Empress of Austria plays splendidly«cn the zither. The Empress, of Japan is ^pro ficient; on the 'koto,' the national in strument, which is a kind of biguither. Queen Elizabeth of Koumania plays with equal sMll on the harp and piano. 'Sing George of Greece can play all kinds of tunes os. handbells and wine glasses of different, shapes. He can also play the «' cymballum,' an instrument played only 'by the Tz,eganes of Hungary. Colonial Congbess. — The seventh sec tion of the Colonial Congress held in -Paris ?to pTopdre the way for public discussion of colonial questions in general meetings (writes the London correspondent of the Melbourne Argus) has adopted the follow ing resolutions with reference to New Caledonia-: — '(1) That the introduction of Kaffirs and -Annamites into New Cnledonia be authorised. (2) That works necessary to the -development of the colony, such as quays, docks for the repair of vesaels.rail wa'ys, roads.-.paths, fortification!!, and light houses, be undertaken with the lensfc ;pos sible 'delay. (3) That Australia and New Caledonia be -..placed in communication by means of a telegraphic cable. (4) That d 3- velopr&ent; bo.given to tha relations already existing between Now Caledonia and the New Hebrides. (5) That the local adminis tration improvo the actual situation -ao re gards the diffusion of the French languege, and our civilieation in reference to the natives. (6) 'Shat a colonial garden of acclimatisation be formed in the colony.' The work of tlis Sections d'elude is -.now finished. It remains to be seen if 'their resolutions will be confirmed at the general' meetings. Euhopeah Wile.— The declaration of ?war in Europe would mean (says the Moae. News) |th&-6 certainly three, and probably, ?? five, nations would take up arms. To set the various .armies '.in motion M. de Blowitz . estimates would cost 2^j00,000,000fr, and to maintain themifor a month wouldre . quire ,50O,0q0,000,Oa0fr. Europe, he says, would be ruined fore century. It would be impossible to limit the conflict to even the five Powers, with which it would -originate. The smaller States would be; involved; whilst Turkey would have to, '?take part in it in her own interest, and! England would have ail her work cut out; for her in iwateliing , events in the . North] Sea, the Red Sea, and the Mediterranean,. and in withstanding the , reaction which would oome in India, and ilfrina. The pro -spectisao awful tbat evon the lire-eating young Garman Emperor has become a con' ?rert to peace, and is exerting his influence 'with his allies to remove causes of irrita tion. As a Frenchman, of eouree, M. de Blowitz. does not forget 'the great And fatal mistake ' made by Germany in 3870-71, when she annexed Alsace-Lorraine, but he anticipates the time when Europe will take collective action to set aside ?difficulties which menace- the peace. The Emperor of Russia hus become the arbiter ?ofpeace and war, as, ?' with princely obsti nacy,' he wished to become; atid.elose ob servation of events in -Riiwia induces M. de Blowitz to believe that- Russia will do nothing to bring oa a general conflagra tion. . TO TUTS DEAF! The description of a simple remedy, *by which a person has just been ' completely cured of deafness and noises in the head oi sobty teaks' standing, can be had free of charge, oh application, verbally, or by \- letter, to .Nicholson, 175 VPilliam-Btrset,: .Melbournei '.' . , ', . ?./ ?/ \- ' '-?' j '??' ? itj*Ei.LBOT and Djsfobmity.— Mr Arthur Kavanogh, th'e armless and legless gentler ; man, who. sat for several years in [Parlia m'ant,, died (s&ys; an English .journal), 'on Christmas morning. He came of ah ancient, ? kingly family in Ireland, and his property had descended to him in right line, from, father to son, from a period before Stro'ng bow's conquest. His deformity, .' was ascribed by the people to the late fulfil ment of a curse pronounced by a fatty who had been left out of & . christening party. It was prophecied that the property would pass to and pass away with an armless and egless heir. Other' children are' said to. have been born in S-Jhe family with these' deficiencies, hut they were never the holders ' of the property ? and the late Hr Kavanagt was not the eldest son of his parents, but the eldest son was burnt to/death owing to. his night-shirt'catching.ftro whilst he was'i shaving, and the truncated heir thus came \ into possession at last. The property has not passed away with him, for he leaves three shapely and perfect children- but most of itsipiofits may. be supposed to'h&ve; disappeared^ judging by the fact that he has died 'in a mean square, mostly com posed of lodging-houses, off the High«street Kensington. Mr Kayanagh afforded a rare example of courage in refusing to -submit ,to the disabilities which nature had seemed tbimpoee. 'He had travelled . extensively, «yen oh camel-back. He was a fair shot (being carried on & man's, shoulders and toingih'is gun by a special machinery). He was an enthusiastic yachtsman, and had ?qualified ; as a^ 'master' in the merchant' iSoTWce^ With a big headi a rugged coun tenance, and a grufi voice, he was never theless an agreeable and instructive com ipanion. When in the House he was a fre .quent speaker on Irish affairs.end after he. /lost his seat he devoted his very cpnsider i&'ble business powers to one and another of 'the various landlord organisations which jhave been formed tot resist the Irish land ^movement; He lived to be 58, arid there is no ?doubt that his death was accelerated . by an oppressive sense of the ' miof ortunos and ?decadence of the class to which he be longed. ?''.:.., Thob King, of Gbbeob. — According, to .th'e' Odessa correspondent of- the 'Daily News, the fullest credence to given in Rus sian official circles'to the report of the con templated abdication of King George 'of Greece. Indeed, it was generally spoken of months ago. It is said that King George; during the last few years, has lost much of whatever roal affection he ever entertained for the country which adopted him as its ruler. He finds his pleasure chiefly abroad or at his Corfu residence. ?' On the other hand, the Crown Prince is thoroughly Greek in sentiment and aspirations, and' possesses already tho affection and sympathies of the Hellenes, whose national -bopes are centred in his native-born patriotism and loyalty to Greece's loftier national aspirations. It is not improbable that King George's abdi cation and the betrothal : of the Princess Marie of Greece to the Czarevitch will be contemporary events. He may, however, await the settlement of the Cretan question before retiring. An Empehob's Thaw-its. — The Emperor of Annam (says an English journal) has written a quaint letter to ' His Excellency M. Carnot, President of the great French R*public.' He thanks the President for having sent him the Legion of Honor and other presents. The Emperor says:— 'On their return from France my Ambassadors have presented me with your portrait, engraved on a beautiful gem, a fine piece of silk ricbly embroidered, and tables, aud chairs of great value. ? I have also received the Grand Cross of the Legion of Honor: I regard these gifts as showing the high wisdom, the virtue, the beauty, and the jjreat ability which have made the French Republic so groat, powerful, and pros perous. The Grand Cross will set off my greatness ; the piece of silk will cover and protect me ; and the armchairs signify that when my Court is tired it will be able to rest and enjoy repose on seats provided by France.' StNarLiB. Action fob Rrcoves-x- op a Rbwabd — The contention which arose be tween two rival claimants, Conrad Jensen and one, Nelson, for the reward of £50 offered by tbe executors of George Taylor Freeman for tho discovery of the body of that gentleman, who disappeared from his home at Richmond abour, July or August last, and whose body was on August 10 last found in tho River -Yarra, wns this morning (says the Miilbourne Euening Standard of Tuesday) settled in the Banco Court The matter hnd previously come up before Mr Justice Williams in Chambers on an interpleader issue, and His Honor decided that Jensen should be plaintiff and Nelson defendant. The hearing of this action eagaged tbe attention of Mr Justice. Willianra this morning in the Banco Court. Evidence was given by tbe plaintiff to the effect that he was a seaman on board the steamship Pateena, and on the morning ot August 7 -last. about;7 or 8 o'clock, he was occupied scraping the sides of the steamship, when he noticed an object bobbing up and downan the river. Further inspection disclosed .the object to be a corpse, and he (the plaintiff) imme diately reported the discovery to the police. A-constable subsequently appeared on the scene, around which a crowd had in the meantime gathered, including the defen dant, who was directed by fche constable to remove the body, to a shed at-the Queen's Wharf, from where it was afterwards con veyed to tho morgue, the defendant accbm- . panying the ? constable to 'the, morgue. (Further evidence proved that the defendant had not actually found : the body, but merely assisted to convey it to the-morgue. ?His Honor, after the conclusion of counsel's arguments, had no hesitation in giving judgment in f&vor.; of the plaintiff. ' Hohh Sweet Homb.' — It should te the aim of , every .man, 'no matter what his station in life may be, , to become the owner of the hoiF.se he lives in, and so £ut a stop -to. the continual drain for rent — that needless waste which has kept many a man poor all his days, and delay in this matter should be avoided, because land in and around Launceston is daily becoming more valuable, and. nice .building sites harder to obtain. Thooo .who require help to securo a piece of land or to build c. house will find the friend they need in the Equit able Building Sooebts; an institution that has already proved itself a- blessing to many who would not now own, the houses they live in but for its timely, assistance.' The new prospectus explains how -this is managed/and may be obtained 'gratis' and peat free from tho offlcsa, psmerpii-fltreet, tiaiiaceston.— £Abvr.] t .,, (26 TjIle'otbio Lighting.— The lateBt deve- 1 lopment oE -electric -lighting, is thus; de scribed -by the London Daily Telegrapkoi December 23;— 'We are glad to find*nat the electric light-so it is reported— is now automatically applied to the carriages of , the District Railway, even to thoss of the ihird class. The idea seems to work with perfect success. A passenger gets into a Simly- lighted carriage, with posablya long journey before him. The flicker of the oil-lamp or the gleam of the gas-jet is not ?bright ? enough for many to read by. , He wants to glance at his evening newspaper, ?and if he is the proud possessor of a penny 'he can drop that coin in a slot, press a 'button, and immediately on this mechanical command of 'Fiat^luxV there streams vpon his newspaper from the bottom of the box above him a bright soft light, and he can study his politics, his financa,or his gossip with comfort and pleasure.^ The clockwork meter attached to the instru ment gives him just a quarter of an hour's light for his penny. The light is all his very own, for it does not touch the news paper of the man 'next him, who caresnot, as his journey is short, to purchase light. If he wants, and cries out with the voice of Goethe for ' more light' when his quarter of an hour is up, he can get it, provided he has another penny and re-invests in the magic slot, and so altogether the invention seems to be ? a sensible,' ? ingenious, and highly commendable idea. Moreover, it is an idea that,' like everything ' else1 con nected with electricity, is, as has been said when introducing the fairy to notice, abso-' lutely limitless.' '?''''. A Gigantic Watbe Supply. — MY Davidson, the engineer of the. Metropolitan^ Water Supply, Melbourne, has prepared the following interesting'; summary of the con sumption of water and the progress, of reticulation 'works during the past year :-— , The quantity, of water supplied to Mel bourne and suburbs during the year 1889 amounted to, 8,266,000,000gal. To under stand what these figures represent, it may be stated that the Tan Yean reservoir, when full,, contains 6,400,000,000gal, of which there can be drawn off 5,300,000,000gal. . Therefore, Melbourne ... consumed nearly twice the available holding capacity 'of. the Tan Tean. The daily average consumption, was 22,G50,O00gal, and estimating the population at '400,0001 the individual rate was 56Jgal per head per day. The greatest consumption on one day was from 6 a.m. on 13th 'December last; to 6 a.m. on the fol lowing day. It amounted to 34,600,OOOgal, or on the above population basis, to 86§gal per head. During the year therefore laid 43$ miles of street reticulation mains and 16| miles of- large mains to bring in addi tional water and for its better distribution. On December 31, 1888, the number of tene mants supplied was 85,167 ; at the end of last year the number had risen to 92,445, being -an increase for the year of 7278 tenements. An Eventful Cabeex.— Few women (says the Scotsman) have had a more event ful life than Mrs Mary Ann Allan, a pen sioner of the city of Edinburgh, who has just passed away at the age of 79. She was a child of the- regiment. Her father was Quartermaster-Sergeant Maxwell, of the 74th Regiment, whose wife followed with him the fortunes of the army through the Peninsular War. Mrs Allan was born in a convent at Lisbon, was christened by a Portuguese priest, though her parents were Protestants, and while yet a mere infant scaled tbe walls of Badajoz strapped upon her mother's pack. With her mother she was also on the field of Waterloo. Her girlhood was spent in barracks or in the baggage waggon, moving from place to place, and at the age of ? 17 she became the wife of Color-Sergeant Allan, of the same regiment. Her wanderings again com menced, and'her family, consisting of nine children, were born in different parts of the world— Canada, India, the West Indies, and Ireland. After his discharge from the army, with many honors, Color-Sergeant Allan became the governor of the old lock-up which stood at the foot of Liberton Wynd, whilehis wife officiated as matron. When this waa abolished, he continued until his death, 20 years ago, to look after tbe court house prison, which occupied the basement floors of the the Sheriff Court. In con sideration of her long service as matron of the look-up and court house prinon, Mrs Allan enjoyed a moderate pension from, the city until her death. Basy Dying.— It is, perhaps, the uneasy' feeling of doubt whether death by elec tricity, with its deliberate, tedious, and ghastly preparations and ceremonies, is not, after all, far less humane than the hang man's rope (says the Daily News of De cember 17); which sets those who are interested in this subject in America specu lating upon new modes of executing criminals. One of the latest authorities who have taken up this theme is Dr. Samuel Abbott, secretary of the Massachusetts State Board of Health. His proposal is to establish a 'lethal chamber.' The con demned criminal, according to this scheme, is to be placed in a small closed-up room, and when all is ready a fjee current of car bonic oxyde gas will'be introduced into the enclosed space, so that the occupant may be instantly rendered unconscious, and by continuance of the process ' narcotised' to death. Two minutes, we are assured, would be the limit of the operation. Our con-1 temporary, the Lancet, is ? so convinced of tha humanity of the business Shut it is even afraid that the lethal chamber will operate as ' apremium on murder;' and render our most hardened criminals 'half in love with easefu'I(-Wth.' But that is necessarily only a theoretical view. Perhaps thV somewhat' barbarous fashion that prevails in America of keepinc prisoners in suspense month after month might fairly be held -to redress the balance. The Australian Ladyeiub. — There are few insects more cherished and encouraged by gardeners than the pretty little beetle, known as the ladybird. Its value (says the Some News) do a scavenger of aphis, scale, and other injurious parasites of plant life has long been known, though appreciation by the florist and fruitgrower lias not as yet in this country, taken such a practical shape ae is the eise in California. In a recent number of Insect Life Mr Dobbins, a large fruitgrower at San Gabriel, California, relates how a visitation of , the Australian ladybird' cleared his orchard 'of the white scaie pest, which had established itself on every one of the 3200 trees in the planta tion. Finding such a rich feeding ground, the vedolia. multiplied in large , numbers, and swarmed all. over the trees to the com plete extermination of fche injurious Icerya. The marvellous , effect of . the ladybird visi tation brought numbers of people from far: distant places to Mt Bobbins' orchard, and these .visitors;' by. plsaing: infested branches; beneath -jthe trees, were .able.in.a couple of hours to secure laree. colonies, of .vedplia;1 which they .teansferred: 'to ,their-r own orchards. ,, In this, way; the ladybird ..has been, established in no less than. ISO fruit plantations, spread over a, belt of country : ten miles long - by , six or' seven ', wide,; and the expectation is , that' the fruit, trees'., of the entire -district, will be entirely; free1 from - the destructive ? scale , as a , conse quence. ,-. ?, . ? , . , ...., j, '.,. -, ?.-..?, ? ?? ? . Pasting .by Pboxy.— A very original parting between a husband -and wife 're- cently took place (says an-English journal) at the New York docks.? 'The- lady was about to make the voyage to Europe alone, like many other fair Americans, while her' lord stayed at home to work and supply her with the necessary funds' for'' her tour. After placing his wife on the Cunard liner, which was to convey her to Liverpool;- the husband withdrew to' the 'landing-stage and addressed a group of men;' who were loitering about, in the following ^terms i^-r '.Which of' you would like toT earna dollar ?' Two or three ? answered in ? the affirmative, and the gentleman, after select-1 inghismari, gave the following orders:— 'You see that lady dressed in black, stand ing at the ship's side ? -Well I that is my; wife.; ;? She will expect me- to -stand' for at least twenty minutes and -wave my hand-: kerchief to her till the ship is out of sight. You understand? I am -very- busy,- and ;have no time to waste ; my wife is very short-sighted, so that it will do just as well if you take my place.' 'And if the -lady looks 'through a telescope?' Bury your ?face in your- pocket-handkerchief and 'she will 'think that I 'am overcome ''With emotion.' 'That will cost half a dollar extra I'1 'All right. Time is more valu able to me than moneys only do what' 'I- tell -you. You may, in'case 8he-;166k8; through the'telescopejthrow in a few hand ? kisses at, let us say, three cents, each;' The merchant then thrust the money into the man's hand, and hurriedly looking at' his watch, departed. ?? .- Something - - .Novel ? Von,, Ple abube- Seeeebs. — An entertainment of a character which. is novel, at any rate in.the;West) End of London, was introduced at Hengler'si' Cirque on January 2 by Messrs. Barrow and Shepherd, who seem to be of opinion (says a London journal) that the circus element is sufficiently represented in the metropolis j us t now. Therefore, in place of the usual arrangements of the ring, there appears a miniature ocean, which revolves with all the undulating motion of the sea, and bearing on its bosom six yachts whereon .120 persons may .enjoy the' sensation of a voyage, comforted, moreover, by the assurance contained in ..the pro .gramme, , that whereas the machine .is capable of giving a wave of from lft to 15ft high, combined with every motion peculiar to the sea, the regularity of the 'waves'' obviates all possibility. of sea sickness. This , invention was exhibited at the Paris Exhibition, where it was pat ronised by over half a million persons, and no accident happened to it. On the open ing night here it was ' extensively used, to ; the apparent enjoyment of successive com plements of passengers, who appeared highly pleased with the rotary, motion, for the six yachts were crowded on every voyage. . 