Current News. BY TELEGRAPH AND OTHERWISE. Tenders will be invited in to-day's "Gazette" for the erection of a police station at Springsure. The following persons died in the Woogaroo Lunatic Asylum last week:—Henry Reckon, late of Franklyn Vale, aged 68; and Annie Pitt, late of Mooloolah, aged 27. During the week ending 19th instant 263 Saloon and 223 steerage passengers arrived in Brisbane per steamers from the Southern colonies, while the departures by sea for the South numbered 259 saloon and 217 steerage passengers. # The Government have arranged with the contractors for the Laidley bore (Messrs. Jesser and Haig) to continue at schedule prices boring beyond the contract depth, which has been reached. Their instructions are to proceed as far as they are able to go. The friends of the Rev. W. E. Hillier will regret to learn that he is at present so ill from exposure during his past five weeks work in visiting the employees on the Baroaldine and Coreena stations as to be completely prostrated. He is now at Alice, where he will be obliged to remain until better. Mr. J. A. Mitchell, the authorised collector for the Queensland Blind, Deaf, and Dumb Institute, has set out upon his Western tour. He intends to begin at Dalby and then work out into the interior. Mr. Mitchell, although deprived of sight, has proved himself a very successful worker in the interests of the insti tution, and in visiting the blind resident in the various districts where he travels. In a supplement to last Saturday's " Govern ment Gazette" the Registrar of Patents notifies that he has accepted applications for patents from the following:—W. Silver, of Tamworth, engineer, for "An improvement in machines for shearing and cutting wool, hair, and like substances;" C. A. Roepke, of Manchester, watchmaker, for "Improvements in musical boxes;" G. Dillberg, of Wellington, electrician, for "Improvements in coin-acting delivery apparatus ;" R. A. Hervey, of Sydney, machinery agent, for " An improved apparatus for concentrating ores and the like." The Hon. W. Pattison waited on the Colonial Treasurer yesterday week at the request of -the mayor of Rockhampton to ask that a rebate of duty might be granted on £1400 worth of pipes feeing imported by the Municipal Council. Mr. Donaldson having inquired into the previous practice of the ottce found that similar applications had been made by the Towns ville and Charters Towers councils, and that the Hon. J. R. Dickson had refused to allow any rebate. He further discovered that in a subsequent application from Charters Towers the Hon. W. Pattison, as Colonial Treasurer, had endorsed Mr. Dickson's action. Under the circumstances Mr. Donaldson has informed him that he cannot grant the request. Cable communication with Europe, which had been interrupted sinoe the morning of Friday, 11th instant, was restored on Sun day last. From the subjoined official memoranda it will be seen that, as was gene rally surmised, the break in the cables was caused by an earthquake. The Post and Tele graph Department advise as follows:—Follow ing received from Adelaide: " 19th. For information of Australian Governments :On Biorning of 11th all three cables suddenly failed, apparently about the same place in Bayly Straits, about an hour after severe shock of earthquake had passed over the southern end of Java. Steamer Osborn arrived on the position at daybreak yesterday (Friday). Recovered and buoyed the Banjoewangie end about thirty miles from Banjoewangie. Hope to restore communication to- morrow (Sunday) 2)th.—Director, Port Darwin." A picnic was given by the legal profession on Saturday, on board the Government steam yacht Lucinda, to his Honour Mr. Justice Real in recognition of his recent elevation to the bench. About eighty members of the profes sion were present, inoluding Sir Charles Lilley, Chief Justioe, Sir S. W. Griffith, and Hon. A. J. Thynne, Minister of Justice. His Honour Mr. Justice Windeyer, of New South Walet, was also a guest. After a pleasant ran down the river the Lucinda anchored off one of the islands in the Bay, where lunch was served. The Minister for Justice proposed the health of Mr. Justice Real in very fehoitions and grace ful terms, and his Honour responded in a neat speech. Sir S. W. Griffith proposed—" The Bench," to which his Honour Sir Charles Lilley, Mr. Justice Windeyer, Judge Paul, and Judge Miller replied briefly. The only other toast was that of "The Minister of Justice," pro posed by Sir Charles Lilley. A very pleasant excursion terminated about 5 o'clock, when the steamer reached town. The Hydraulic Engineer (Mr. J. B. Hender son), has just returned from a visit to the Maryborough district. He left Brisbane about a fortnight ago, aud on his arrival at Mary borough consulted with the mayor regarding extensive additions to the water supply scheme of that town. He was then compelled to return to Brisbane owing to some urgent business in connection with the Laidley bore, the contract depth of which had been reached. Having arranged with the contractors to continue sinking for a further depth of 500 ft., he returned to Maryborough. He then went to Pialba and made an examination of that district as far as time would permit with a view to fixing on a site for a bore, which the divisional board there propose to put down at their own ex pense. He then proceeded to Gyuipie, and had an interview with the mayor concerning the early commencement of the waterworks there. During his trip he experienced wretched weather. He says the country between Mary borough and Pialba looked well, and speakß in high terms of the - industry displayed by the German and Danish farmers in that district. Some of these had constructed conservation tanks, and he was enabled to give them some useful hints, which he believes will not be forgotten. He was pleased to see that the divisional board had utilised their funds to the utmost in the construction of good roads and mitverts. The Government hasgranted a loan of £9000 to the Balmoral Divisional Board for drainage purposes. Captain T. M. Almond, portmaster, officially announces thai the North Channel across the Wide Bay Bar is closed. A new channel has opened out, and it is to be beaconed and lighted as soon as possible. The area of grasing farms opened for selec tion by the Government during the present month amounts to 672,835 acres. There are now over 12,000,000 acres open to selection. It appears there is a tendency to take up grazing farms. From telegrams received in Brisbane it appears that at a meeting convened at Charters Towers on Tuesday evening by Mr. Coote to advocate the cause of separation, a motion declaring that separation is not desirable was carried with only six dissentients. Several complaints have been made by the contractor for the mail service between Gayndah and Brooweena that owing to the bad condition of the bridge over the Barambah Creek the mails have been delayed. Instruc tions have been given to the Engineer for Bridges to have the necessary repairs made. In answer to inquiries made by the town clerk of Brisbane (Mr. W. H. G. Marshall) on the subject of mayoral elections, the town clerk of Wellington (N.Z.) writes :—•• The mayor is elected by the ratepayers. The opinion is gaining ground, however, that it would be better if the council had the power to elect its mayor as you do." At the annual meeting of the Trinity College Dialectic Society, held in Melbourne on the Oth instant, the Governor, who presided, presented to Mr. G. W. Power, son of the Hon. W. G. Power, M.L.C., of this city, the president's medal and Wigram-AUen senior prize for oratory. Young Mr. Power, having completed his education in Melbourne, is about to return to Brisbane. Mr. S. P. Woods, agent for Messrs. Mac kenzie and Holland, is at present in Brisbane. It is understood he has entered into an ar rangement with the Railway Commissioners to manufacture railway signals and interlocking material. He is inviting tenders for the erection of workshops at Toombul. Mr. Woods states that it is not the intention of his firm to compete in any way with local engineer ing firms, as they will confine their attention to manufacturing their patent interlocking ap pliauoes and signal works connected therewith. Mrs. Robinson has devoted herself for some Tears to the work of teaching the kanaka* at Marion, near Mackay, in the diocese of North Queensland. She is the wife of a gentleman connected with a plantation, and began a school in 1884, and has sinoe eonduoted it in a wooden building intended to hold about fifty men. This is now overcrowded, and Mrs. Robinson has applied for aid from the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge in order to enlarge the school. Since she began work fifty-two men have been baptised and thirteen confirmed. The following tenders have been accepted by the Works Department: — Additions to the Boggo- road Gaol, Hughes and Denison, £3400, time six months; removal and re-erection of the morgue, Green and Marshall, £216, time three weeks. The morgue is to be moved to the south bank of the river, opposite Montague street. The additions to the gaol consist of an extension of the two wings, 32ft. by 35ft. each, so as to provide accommodation for forty-eight more prisoners; that is, twenty four additional cells will be constructed in each wing. The additions will have three storeys to match the present buildings and will be con structed of brick and ooncrete, with corrugated iron roof. The cells will be Oft. by 7ft. by 12ft. high. I With respect to the mysterious disappearance of Mr. H. J. Hall (says our Caboolture corre spondent), his own account of the affair is that on Monday evening he went into the railway station yard at about 7.30 p.m. He had a bottle of ohlorodyne in his pocket; he took a dose there, and after taking it remembers nothing more but that he went away and found himself on Wednesday night lying in the bush up the Gympie-road. Hall states that he was awakened and knew his whereabouts by hearing the engine of the train whistling at 7.80 p.m. Not knowing his way in the dark, he lay till Thurs day morning, and then came home. Mr. Hall, according to this story, lay in the bush on Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday nights, all of them bitterly cold, without fire or food— quite enough to kill a young man, and Mr. Hall must be 05 years of age. Search parties were out in all directions during this time, and Sergeant O'Loan made every effort to find the missing man. The following land will be open to selection at the respective Land Offices on and after Monday, the Ist September:—Agricultural Farms (marked off under the 44th section of the Crown Lands Act of 1884): Cairns, 7 farms, parish of Russell, being subdivisions of for feited selection No. 343, 5 of ICO acres and 2 of 132 acres. Gladstone, portion 9v, Riverston, 80 acres. Herberton, portion 71v, Barron, 160 acres. Tenningering, portion 15v, Wolca, 22.> acres. Brisbane—No. 1402, portion lOlv, Beerwah, 160 acres. lughara, No. 38, portion 14v, Cordelia, 586? acres; No. 46, portion 16v, Cordelia, 343$ acres. Ipswich, No. 1413, por tion 33v, East Haldon, 160J acres. Port Douglas, No. and portion 293, Alexandra, 50 acres. Toowoomba, No. 442, portion 40, 160 acres; No. 663, portion 45v, 160 acres; No. 668, portion 58v, 156 acres. Flagstone, No. 26, portion lv, Geham, 117 acres. Marked off under 44th section of the Act of 1884 : Gympie, 17 farms, ranging in area from 102 acres to 160 acres, parish of Traveston. Grazing Farms: Surveyed—lsisford district, to be opened to selection at the court-house, Bar caldine, 8 farms, ranging in area from 4910 acres to 20,000 acres, on the resumed part of Wellshot run. Bundaberg, No. 718, portion 6v, Eureka, 1307 acres; No. 439, por tion 7v, St. Agnes, 1783 acres. Ipswich, No. 860, portion 14v, Avoca, 2360 acres. Mary borough, No. 12, portion 2v, Doongal, 1783 acres. Dalby—4 farms on the resumed part of Chinchilla run, parish of Chinchilla, 3 of :3000 acres, and 1 of VHftQ acres. The Minister for Railways, the Railway Com missioners, and the General Traffic Manager visited Ipswich on Monday, and inspected the route of the proposed branch line from North Ipswich to the Tivoli coal district. Mr. William Allan, M.L.A., has repnblished in pamphlet form, with map, his account of a tour of inspection along the route of the pro posed direct railway from Ipswich to Warwick, made by him in company with the Railway Commissioners. The following persons have been adjudicated insolvent during the week:—Alfred John Viner, of Water-street, West End, South Brisbane, cordial maker; Carl Fritjof Kokkin, of Bris bane, musical instrument repairer; James M'Qinn, of Brisbane, barman. The R.M.S. Taroba, with the Dacca's immi grants, arrived in Moreton Bay on Monday evening in command of Captain A. Morris, with Dr. Hickling as surgeon superintendent and Mrs. Tymons as matron. The immi grants landed at the depot during the after noon. The schedule to the Estimates-in-Chief for 1890-91, showing the total remuneration re ceived during 1889-90 by all public officers holding more than one office or receiving any special allowance, fuel, or lighting in addition to their fixed annual salaries, was laid on the table of the House on Wednesday afternoon. The Fitzroy Joint Bridge Board have signed the agreement to contribute one half of the cost of the repairs, but the report on the tenders which were received by the Government on the 18th has not yet been received from the Engineer for Bridges, who is at present in the North. The tenders were forwarded to him a few days' since, and it is probable his report will be re ceived by wire. Mr. G. R. Holt, who has been accredited by the Chief Inspector of Stock to cultivate pleuro-pneumonia virus, left Brisbane on Tues day for the North for the purpose of inocu lating cattle in the Cloncurry district, where he will be occupied till about the end of the year. He took with him a small supply of virus, and will cultivate it on his arrival at Cloncurry. Hitherto he has been very successful in his inoculations. A certificate of inoculation will be supplied for all cattle inoculated by him, and this will be carried by the drovers when travelling the stock. It was stated in a telegram from Thursday Island, which appeared in last week's issue, that the British-India Company had recouped the immigrants by the Dacca for the losses sustained by them in the wreck of that vessel. We now learn that the British-India and Queensland Agency Company, Brisbane, has received advice by marl from the represen tative of Messrs. Gray, Dawes, and Co. at Soez, who was specially sent out there from London in connection with the Dacca disaster, to the effect that he has, as instructed by Gray, Dawes, and Co., compensated' all the Government immigrants for the loss of their luggage, &o.; The total amount thus generously paid by Gray, Dawes, and Co. is a little over £4500, besides a considerable quantity of clothing supplied immediately after the wreck. A remarkable oase of the sudden death of an aboriginal blaokboy occurred on Couobie station, Cloncurry River, recently. The lad was about 14 or 15 years of age, and a native of the Mitchell River. He was employed as stock rider on Conobie at the time, and was appa rently in good health. Some bulls were being sent to the Mitchell River in charge of a white man and one blaokboy from Conobie, and by some means this lad had got it into his head that he was to be the blackboy who was to travel back to his own country. When he was told it was another blackboy who had to go and not himself he said nothing, but quietly went to his hut, and in less than an hour was quite dead. He had been well and playing at throwing spears with the other boys all the morning. The only complaint he had ever made about his health was an occasional pain across his ohest. On Saturday last there arrived from Sydney by the steamer Eurimbla a number of fine looking and well conditioned Ayrshire cows and two Ayrshire bulls in charge of the owner, Mr. P. Keenan, who has placed the lot in the hands of Messrs. A. J. J. Warby and Co. for aale. The bulls are both fine types of the celebrated Ayr shire stock, being low set, powerfully built, and well proportioned, and will prove valuable and useful acquisitions to one or more of the Queensland herds. One is Young Ayrshire Jack, a dark red bull, with very little white, 5 years, by Ayrshire Jack from Mary, by Scottie, grandatn Grace; and the other is a red and white, by Duke of Babeston 4th, dam Hannah, Duke of Babeston 4th by Duke of Rand wick (imp.). There are seven young Ayrshire cows, some just calved, and others due shortly; and there are also a pure Alderney cow, of a dark fawn colour, by Sir George f rom Beauty, grandam All Cream, and two pure Devon heifers bred by the late Andrew Town, at Hobartville, Rich mond, from purebred stock. Patrick FiUpatrick appeared, on remand, on Thursday at the Brisbane Police Court, before Mr. J. Vivian Williams, police-magis trate of Sandgate, charged with unlawfully wounding one Edward Bourke. The evidence of Dr. K. I. O'Doherty was taken, and went to show that on the 14th instant he had been called upon to attend Bourke, who was suffering from a wound on the left breast. The wound was evidently caused by a bullet. At the back of the shoulder, at a place corresponding to the anterior position, but a little lower down, there was a wound which presented an appearance similar to the one in front. It was evident to him that the bullet which had entered the front had gone through the back. The wouud was undoubtedly of a dangerous nature, but he had great hopes that the fact of the bullet having taken the course it did, the wound would not prove fatal, as it did not touch any vital part. Bourke appeared to be getting on well at the hospital. Accused was at this stnge remanded for eight days in order to procure the evidence of the wounded man. To Dahkk.n Gray Hun. —Lockyer's Sulphur Hair Restorer is the quickest, best, (safest, and cheapest. Lar^e Bottles, Is. lid. Everywhere. — lAIMT.I Her Majesty's ship Orlando, with Rear- Admiral Lord Charles Scott, is expected in Moreton Bay on the 13th August. The half-yearly meeting of shareholders ol the Royal Bank of Queensland was held on Wednesday, Mr. Wm. Williams (chairman of directors) presiding. The report and balance sheet were adopted and the dividend declared payable. A telegram received on Tuesday by the Hon. A. H. Wilson, chairman of directors of the Mount Rose and Stockman Junotion Gold mine, Eidsvold, from the manager states that a crushing of 517 tons of quartz has yielded 5140z. 17dwt. A dividend of 3d. or 4}d. will be declared. Sub- inspector Wassell reports having dis covered and seized 3300 cigars on board the E. and A. Company's steamer Catterthun upon arrival in Moreton Bay from Hongkong the other day. Of these, 1800 were-concealed under a quantity of gear in the bottom of the fore peak, 800 in the quartermaster's quarters, and 700 in the foreoastle. Notwithstanding the repeated warnings against newspapers being posted contaiuing enclosures and writing contrary to the provi sions of the Postage Act, the practice still prevails, and has become so common of late that the Postal Department intends to spare no pains in future to bring offenders to justice. In case of conviction the department is likely to press for a maximum penalty. His Honour Mr. Justice Real sat for the first time since his elevation to the bench in the Civil Jurisdiction of the Supreme Court on Monday. The first matter dealt with was an application in the administration suit Ervinv and others v. Tozer and others. This, after, some argument, was adjourned till Thursday. 1 His Honour then heard an application in the case of Kesterton v. Paroo Divisional Board, to restrain further proceedings by the plaintiff, until the payment of the costs of a previous action. After listening to argument, his Hofeour granted the application, with costs against the plaintiff. A telegram from Hughonden states that at a meeting of the Meat Freezing Provisional Com mittee, held on Tuesday night, Mr. E. J. Stevens, M.L.A., being present on his way South, resolutions were passed- entirely ap proving of the prospectus of the pro posed company, and pledging those present to support it. Canvassers were appointed for the town, and a number of squatters were appointed to canvass the country. A share list was opened in the room, and, although there were only a few present, 1400 shares were promised in a few minutes. The move ment is booming along, and the correspon dence is all favourable to Hughenden becoming a centre for killing and chilling meat. A telegram from Charleville states that " A meeting of the Warrego District Employers' Association was held there on Thursday night, when a complete set of rules was adopted, and it was decided that the association be regis tered forthwith. Messrs. W. W. Hood, T. O. Miller, and E. F. Manning were appointed delegates to attend the conference of the various employers' associations'proposed to be held in Brisbane on the 28tb instant to form a General Employers' Union. The Queensland Shearers and Labourers* Unions were invited to send delegates to confer with the employers at their meeting here. The shearers declined, and no delegate appeared from the Labourers' Union. The feeling of the meeting and.of the employer* here generally is undoubtedly in favour of im mediate organisation amongst all employers of labour in the colonies." Classes for the instruction of State school teachers in the new military drill have been formed in seven centres outside Brisbane, and aye now in full swing. The general direction of these classes is in the hands of Major De* Voeux, who in connection with the Education Department has made all the arrangements necessary for carrying out the instruction. The total number of teachers now attending is 113, distributed as follows:—No. 1 centre, Ipswich, under Garrison Sergeant-Major Rigby, is attended by 20 teachers. Instruction was commenced on 11th July, and will probably continue till 29ih August. No. 2 centre, Too woomba, instructor Colour-sergeant Carey, numbers 15; commenced 7th July, and concludes 14th August. No. 3 centre, Maryborough, is in charge of Sergeant-major Price, who has twenty teachers in his squad; commenced work on 11th July, aud will continue till 29th August. At No. 4 centre, Gytnpie, under Colour-3ergeant Coutte, twelve teachers have mustered. Drill began here on 9th July, and will last about seven weeks. Corporal Price, of A Battery, attends to No. 5 centre, Rookhanipton, and has a squad of fourteen teaohers. A seven weeks' course vaa commenced here on Bth July. The instructor for No. G centre, Townsville, is Sergeant Pendock, of A Battery. This class commenced 14th July, is attended by thirteen, and con cludes 29th August. At No. 7 centre, Charters Towere, fifteen are being drilled by Sergeant major Wort. The programme of the instruc tion to be carried out is similar to that adopted for the classes which were so largely attended in Brisbane. It is intended that all teachers shall be thoroughly instructed in squad drill, physical drill, with and without arms, performed to instrumental music, where practicable, as well as to a singing accompani ment. Special attention will be paid to " communicating drill," so that uniformity of system may be insured. As very many of the teachers can instruct boys in singing, there is little doubt that, M in.Bnsb«ne,, t the system of drilling to music will produce highly success ful results in the various parts of the colony where it has been introduced. 