ROCKHAMPTON. MONDAY, NOVEMBER 23, 1890. THE DAIRY INDUSTRY. I In the recent session of tlie Nev Zealand Parliament a select corainitte took evidence on the dairying industr of the colony, and elicited mtici valuable information. Their repon will .no doubt be useful and instructive j and we hope it will not escape the atten tion of our Minister for lands, and tin I officials in the Agricultural Department "Whether it would be advisable to hav< a select committee to examine anc report into the condition of this ia portant branch of agriculture in thu colony, is a matter for consideration. It occars to us that there would bc some advantage in letting us know what has been the result of the opera tions of tho travelling dairies, and what are the prospects of the industry in Queensland. What our farmers are deeply interested in discovering is whether we can make, send tc available market!« in sound condi- tion, and sell, our butter at rsuiunerative prices. Answers tc these questions will not bo obtained without experience, for which we will have to^pay probably, .observation, mid persevering efforts. The first thing we will lia ve to learn is how to- supply our- selves with cheap, sound, dairy produce. Considering the cost of production here, and the price at which butter »nd cheese Blay be bought inf other countries, they aré not so well within the reach of the working elasses as they ought to be. On? many- occasions- we have adverted to thc effects of the central factory systcin? in promotbag the dairying in- dustry in Europe, America, and the Australian colonies. ' in New Zealand i£s operation lias bceiï attended with thc beat results, and ft has been a boon to the faitners. ? There, as- hen!, there are a considerable number of selectors with unprovable holdings, bub want of means for their dcvfelopinent. The m»st that one could do was to' keep a few cows, and wake their milk into butter und cheese. The nianuf acturin'g took up much tims, and entailei I much labour-so much, indeed, tlir.it a few cows were as many as a family i »aid manage. When- a. factory vvasi est iblishcd in a locality, and the fart oers' learned to send their milk to it, iv>hat happened was this: The latter wer » sj uuei much expenditure of time and Jat our; all they hod to do- in the dairtr ^as to milk the cows, Two rcsu'ïts followed-they kept far more cow.'i which was to their advantage, and for (he Vjenefifcof the country ; aud they had timn at their command whicli they devoted to the cultivation of theil- fields and orel lards. Now, it needs very little discerní acut to see that were a dairy ¡ factonry established in the Gracemere or Cawarr al districts, rimilar result» might be anticipated there. It is no doubt witluu the knowledge of many of our readlers that liad they only to milk their cows of a morning, and send a boy to the factory with it, they would bo able to go in fol' orcharding and arabic agri- culture with good prospects of success. Production would bo increased, in two directions, and that would mean in- creased prosperity all round. Obvious thoug)i tho advantages of '?.iry factories appear to be, a strange against them is one of tito (li.. difficulties which lias to be overcome. The New Zealand and Australian Land Company, with the view of improving land they held in Southland, started a cheese and butter factory upon it. The directora Were of Opinion it would pay better than the rearing of stock. They began by expending ¿2500 on a dairy factory. So stiff were the farmers in their belief it would not pay, that they would not send their milk to it. The Company had to procure and use 350 cows. They made the milk into cheese, which the first year found a ready sale at 8d. per pound, which was highly remunerative. Then the farmers saw the advantage of the system, and they readily bought the cows on terms from the company, and have thus re- lieved the latter of cow-keeping. In summer the farmers send in as many as 2500 gallons of milk daily. Recently there has been a glut in the home market, and cheese has not been fetch- ing the price it did. The fuctory ceased to pay directly, but the price given for the milk was satisfactory to the {armers, it enabled them to pay their rents, and thus the company benefited indirectly. They had good interest paid on the land. Moro recently, however, they have im proved tlie quality of the cheese by withdrawing twenty-five per cent of the cream from the milk before converting it into cheese. Its edible quality is excellent, and it is anticipated that it will carry better than full-milk cheese. The latter has been found to lose shape and quality on the voyage to London. Then, the cream withdrawn is manufactured into, butter. Considerable shipments of the latter have been made, but the price bas' not been satisfactory owing to the kegs having been made of unsuitable wood. Another variety will be used in future. Then there has been some trouble in sending butter to the old country with- out its becoming deteriorated in quality -spoiling on the voyage. Patient observation, it is expected, will enable shippers to get their produoe home sound and sweet. Butter may be carried in a frozen 6tate, but it has yet to be ascer- tained whether it would not be better if kept at a low but even temperature. | From' the statement of these facts it j will be seen that the New Zealanders arc going into this business with their usual intelligence and enterprise. It will be to our advantage to note the results, and profit by their experience. There is another matter in connection with the development of the dairying industry in New Zealand, that ought to command our particular attention. Exporters there have, their eyes turned towards India. Since the New Zealand' Land Company have gone in for the. manufacture of butter, they have pro- cured un experienced Danish butter maker. The reason is that Danish butter hos acquired a high reputation in the Indian market. lu it an outlet may be found for New Zealand produce. Tlie manufacturers of it are going to try, at least. Would that Queens landers were ready to compete with them. Tliey could do so on favourable terms. All along our coast the British-India steamers could receive dairy produce,, and land it in excellent condition inj India within a few weeks. A great j revolution of thought and feeling is going on in our Indian Empire, and the numbers of people who are laying aside prejudices .sad old customs are rapidly increasing. A little change among such' a dense population will quickly create a large market. Surely we need not say to Queenslanders it courts their cultiva- tion, and they will be remiss in their duty to themselves if they neglect it. South Australia's temporary abandonment of her transcontinental railway lu favour of branch' lind to the Queensland bordar ¡snot likely to disturb thc Control Division greatly. In such a «bone there ai«two'oUjsetiy$s Innamincka and Birdsville. ' A line from' Port August« to tlie first named would' drain all j tlie far western districts of the Southern Division, and a railway from the same-point I to Birdsville would carry thc far western trade of tim Central Division. The Commis- sion appointed to consider the whole matter reports In favour of a line from {Leigh's- Creek to Innamincka, hut say« not a word about a j railway to Birdsville, It, is therefore pretty I safe to 08801110-that the latter scheme hos been dropped, in the meantime at all events. If the Government .resolves on a line to Iiuui mincka it is certain fha't it cannot face thc construction at the same time of another railway tc Birdsville. Til« Commission "are unanimous in their recommendation in favour of tho Innamincka railway,, differing only as f-o-t.be roete: The maj wily favour starting from Leigh's Creek, whence Innamincka can be reached in 264 miles atójeoste* £1,322,000, Tile alternative route from Hawker is favoured by ono member; Prom Hawker to Innamincka tho distance wauld bc 340 miles, aw) «io estimated1 cost £l',79i,fiO0. Thc distance from Innamincka to Port Augusta, thereat terrainue, w»uld be pretty much tho saine whatever route was chosen, and the chief argument in favour of tho Hawker route is that it would serve a greater distract, and what is more important still tap a part of New South Wales. But putting that aside, tho cheaper line wonltt still cost a minion and a half,, and if South Australia takes a scheme like t'ftat iii ber bauds she must give up all idea of running a railway to Birdsville for the next ten years. This then re a valuable respite to tim Conical Division, whMi, if she cnn only secure Separation, may hope to carry her own railway well to thuborilerin that time, noil so- keep' tho trade in har own territory. Once trafic has set tn a certain direction its diversion is a matter of no little difficulty. At tlie Police-Court oil Sotnrduj- morning, tlie Police Magistrate fined Citarte» Holden 40s. for using obscene avuguage in tbc public streets, with the- alternative of seven days* imprisonment. Thc inquiry into th» ordering home of thc labour schooner May, for illegal recruiting, was opened by the Police Magistrate at Bundaberg lost Tuesday and occupied tlie week. The evidence taken showed that the I, five- boya whicli tho Bliip was charged with 'iUegslly recruiting were brought onljoard iu thc watering boat by tho lioatswain, tho Government Agent and Captain, being away on thc Helena at thc time. The recruiting agent received thc boys as visitors, and cave them blankets. Ou his return to the May, tho Government Agent after putting thc usual questions recruited thom. H. M.S. Royalist afterwards appeared, and insisted the lioys were in the enniloy of a Frenchman, and took them away. Tho inquiry was closed and thc depositions forwarded to thc Govern- ment. An instance of how the management ef a woolshed can be disputed darin; shearing time is reported to have occurred at Gowrie, says the Charleville Titnei. Some sheep were prevented from crossing the' Ward river, or got wet in the process, owing to unexpected thunderstorms, and there was a dispute as to whether this should have happened. At any rate Mr. Flood's opinion was only that of one, and bo bad to write ont a cheque for £21, the average of tho half-day's tally,-to prevent a stoppage. Ho, however, placed tho |fiatter before the secretary of the Shearers'Union at Blackall, and in reply received a telegram stating that a committee meeting had been held to consider the matter, and a resolution was passed in effect that under the circum- stances thc shearers should forego the charge for the delay. This was poor consolation, however, as the shed hud cut out, end the mon had been paid off two days before the receipt of thc telegram. A meeting of thc provisional directors of the Queensland Meat Export and Agency Company was held at thc Chamber of Com- merce yesterday morning, says the Brisbane Courier of Wednesday. There were present : -.Sir Thomas M'ltwraith (in the chair), Messrs. J. H. M'Conncl (Cressbrook), W. Allon, Win. Collins, Hon. James Taylor, John Stevenson, C. Lumley Hill, E. J. Stevens, A. J. Callan, F. R. Murphy, Her- bert Hunter, Thomas Finney, T.- E. White, Hon. J. C. Smyth, R. W. Scholefield., James Crombie, James Forsyth, A. Overend, J. T. Fitzgerald (solicitor), and thc Secretary (Mr. C. Musson). The memorandum and aradles of association of the company were discussed at length, and adopted, and a resolution was passed,-" That tho Queensland Meat Export forthwith, according to the memorandum and articles of association." We learn from the secretary of the company that over. 86,000 shares have been absolutely applied for up to date. Dr. Webber, the Anglican Bishop of Bris- bane, is now ou a visit to the Central Division. He arrived herc on Friday night, and left early again on .Saturday morning, accompanied hythe Rev. F. D. Pritt, for St. Lawrence-a distance of about 120 miles. Originally Dr. Webber intended leaving'on Friday, but thc detention of tbe steamer pre- vented thiB, and it was so much behind tune that it was very doubtful whether bc would be able to keep the engagement he had made to preach at St. Lawrence on Sunday. A tele- gram received from oar St. Lawrence oorres Sindent, las£ night, however, says that the ¡shop most have made record speed along the road, as he covered the: 120 miles in the one day. Dr. Webber seems fated to accomplish athletic feats when lie comes to Rockhampton. On a previous visit he rowed to good part of the way to Gladstone in order to keep an en- gagement, and now he has accomplished no mean feat in driving.' The Bishop will return here next Friday, and consecrate tile Emu Park Church on Sunday.. On the ensuing Monday he will go to Mount:Morgan. The body of a young woman named Margaret Cahill, was found floating in lian Creek, about 100 yards from its junction with the Fitzroy River, between seven and eight o'olock yesterday morning. When discovered life was quite extinct, and the body . having been placed on ' the bank of the creek, ' the police Were summoned. Mounted Constable Soldway visited the scene, and the'corpse was removed to the morgue on the river bank, where a post mortem examination was held in the afternoon by Dr. Voss. . There were bruises ou the face and arms. Thc deceased was a young woman of about twenty-five years of age, strongly built, and of rather pre- possessing appearance. She was pretty well known in the town and at Meunt Morgan, having served OB barmaid in. several hotels. Her last situation was at the European' Hotel, but in consequence of somethiug which took place she left there hurriedly on Saturday morning, and as far os is known was not seen again until her body was found os stated. The police are making a searching inUniry into the circumstances surrounding the death, and on inquiry Will be opened to-day. . Although very little change hos taken place in the weather since last reports if is fer from settled, and indications of carly storms are not wanting. Saturday was a hot day, bat yesterday rain fell in the morning,:/cool- ing the atmosphere for. th« rest of the d»y. ' The records posted at the meteorological office for the twenty-four, hours ending at 9 o.m. on Saturday and 8 a.m. yesterday were as follow :-Saturday :. Rockhampton, maximum in the shade 96°, minimum 70°; Bustard Head, 82° and 70° ; Brisbane, 82° and 60° ; Emerald, 87° and «0° ; Alice, 87° and 59°; Mackay, 86° and 71°; rainfall.ot- Bris- bane, 0-250in.; thunderstorms at .Yaamba and, Miriam Vale, without rain ; prevailing winda E.N.E. veering S.E. Sunday i Rockhampton, 88 6° and 71 '9°-; Mackay, 90° and 74° ; Bustard Head, 79° and 72° ; Emerald, 95- and 72-¡ Alice,.. 92- and 62'; rainfall at Westwood, 0-59in.; .prevailújK winds, E.N.K., S.E., and K.; , Beary thunderstorms were reported locally-at Yaamba, Mount Morgan, Marlborough, andi elsewhere, but there was very little rain. It wBl be noticed that thc high temperature continues ap thc line, the register» for Emerald ana Alice being, particulorly high. There arc ne indications of any change there by tho latest records,. A deputation from the farmers and others' using the City Market,, waited ou the Market Committee of thc Town Council on Saturday mornirç. The: deputation included Messrs. J. O'Sbancsy, E. O'Reilly, J. Adams, Gillespie, and G. Jones ; and the Council were rcprcscntcd'by thc Mayor dud, Alderman Hartley. Mr. O'Shanesy sold it would he I generally conceded that thc martlet had been a decided success, and under those eveum I stances thc deputation wished to know what I prospect there was of it. being made a- per nouent «oe. They wera- aware thc present j arrangement was only of a temporary I character, and that untass something was decided on itwoulaHic terminated at thc end of Ute present month. The Corporation had a reserve set apart (or niaokct. purposes, and he thought after thc success which had attended She »result market tiley would bc justified Hi thc u-cction of a permanent building, thc present one- being really, too small for the amount of trade which was done there. Tile Mayor did not entirely fall in with thc views of the speaker, and remarked that duringthc last two or three weeks there hid been a falling off ru tho attendance at thc market. He did not think there would bc any disposition at the posent stage to go in far a permanent market building ; it wenild not bc advisable to-do until there -nw undoubted evidence that thc market would be permanently supported. Personally,, ho vould recommend a eon tinuancc of thc present arrangement tor another three months on the same terms, us heretofore. Afr. O'Reilly disputed thc-Mayor's assertion that inkreht in tho marliet «ns de- creasing. If people went there lute iii the day tho market would undoubtedly look bare, because everything would have been sold. Ho suggested that the produceT should supply tho Council's representative with lists of what they brought mto the market each week, so that they would have something tangible to go niiou when the question came before thom. A question was asked as to what Btcps the Council wcro going to take to put down hawking, ami Mr. Gillespie read the recommendation whieh thc Fanners Society had arrived at-that perBons hawking in tho streets lie charged for n license double what was charged for a stand in tho market. The Mayor said ho did not think the proposal was worth considering. Alderman Hartley said he would support tho recommendation that tho present market be continued for throe months, so that tho Council would have better évi- dence by tliut time as to whether it was firmly established or not. Mr. .Tones re- marked that thc market lind been almost sprung upon thc farmers, who had no time to grow anything to Illing into il there was auy guarantee that lt would h manent then it would he worth a man's to produco thinss lit for the market, hu otherwise. The deputation then withdn The Chairman of the Executive Comn of the Separation League reocivod a tole from Mr. James Gray, one of thc canvai dated Aramac, 22nd Novcmbor, stating 120 signatures had been obtained to petition. Mr. Gray ls now visiting Con Rodney, Beaconsfield, and Barcaldine. Mr. E. Gotting, tho newly .appointed h of the Rockhampton Kruss Band, comme his duties on Saturday, giving thc mein!) good practice in thc evening in thc Brigade meeting-room. Mr. Gotting wai successful candidate out of fourteen plicants, and prior to coming to Rockhi ton was for ten years in thc Penna Artillery Band iu Sydney, during tho three of which he held thc positioi trumpet-major. The following is tho report of tho ' Curtis and Leichhardt Districts Hospita the week ending Friday 21st instant : maining in November Nth, males, 33 ; fenn 12 ; total, 35. Admitted during thu w males, fl ; females, 3 ; total, li. Dischai during tile week, males, 5 ¡ females, 2 ; to 7\. Remaining in Hospital, males, females, 13 ; total, 30. The Resident ! goon acknowledges with thanks thc rec uf flowers from the Gracemere School Chili! (per St. Paul's Guild), and the Women's Cl tian Temperance Union. The visiting C mittce for November consists of Messrs. Higson, J. A. Holdsworth, and D. Marth The Mounl Morgan Chronicle says: Robert Lisle, thc new lieutenant of . Mounted Infantry Corps, had thc comp officially handed over to him on Tuesday Sorgeant-Instrnctor Colquhoun. - The £ pital Committee have decided to allow wirdsman to undertake the duties of < penser, under the supervision of the resid surgeon, Dr. Hunter.-The Caledonian Soci are making arrangements for an'cntertahim on "Hogmanay night,"-Nearly £200 h been collected in.Mount Morgan and Ra bampton for the New Year Day Bports.-1 and Mrs. Wesley Hall aro offering a nuni pt prises for competition at a flower show lie held at thc School of Arts io Septem!) 1891.-At the meeting of: the Muuici Council on Thursday it. was stated that £? Sa. 8d. hod beeb received in rates. Mess Ri L. Talton, and T. M. Black have Ix appointed the Council's auditors. The Government of the Canadian Domhiii Bays the Brisbane Telegraph, is now consid lng some tenders which have been receiv for a fast Canadian-Atlantic . mât! servi i which is to have an average speed of hineU knots. If any of the tenders should meet i requirements, and, a coutroct be entered ini active stops will at once he taken for an Ai traban service. ' The first steamer for t Canadian and China and Japan lino w launched about a fortnight ago, and Ï second and third will follow at intervals one month. It is intended, if possible, send one of these vessels to Adelaide, Mi bourne, Sydney, and Brisbane, on its way Hongkong, in order' that'some idea may I gained of the class of. vessel coming in service. The vessels are to be of 6009 toi burden, will have twin screws, and bc nth As war cruisers. Tassels of the same ela will run between Vancouver Island and Au tralia. A meeting of thc representatives of tl Fitzroy and Gracemere Pastoral Societii ?"was held on Saturday morning at the office < Mr, H. J. Risien. .There .were present : Messrs. Archer (in the chair), Kell; O'Shanesy, C. W. Little, S. W. Hartlei and J. M. Headrick. It was decided th! the naming of tho joint society should be le over to a future dato.', The meeting agree that the new executive should consist of or President, four vice-Presidents, and a con mittee of twenty-one. On the motion of Mi {3. -W. Hartley, seconded by Mr.' O'Shanesj it was agreed that the meeting should stan adjourned until the 17th-of January, for th purpose of naming thc Society, ejectin officers, adopting rules, and such other bus ness as may be deemed necessary, and that list, of members be printed and placed in th hands of each member ,as soon os possible such list to be a ballot piper for the electio of officers and committee,' and to be returao to the Secretary not later, than tbs 16th c January. There was no other business. Hie Parpellite business, has, says a Londa «onespondent, obst the Tipies £180,000. Tili is tie exact figure, everything included, and i has been paid by ' thc shareholders of th p&ptr; foregoing their dividends for last yea and for the first six months of this year. Th Walters, however, arc not losers to thc ex tentcommonlysupposodforJolinWalterstand: towards the paper in a twofold capacity. II is owner of sixteen shares out of sixty, and th dividend on each share , for 1889 was £300U Therefore John Walter's loss was, on 'hi sixteen shares, £48,000. But he V als tiriuter of the Timex, and this printiiij lusiness is kept separate from the publishing He supplies paper, ink, printing, &c;, une the profits thereon belong exclusively to him On these he lost nothing,' for it was décidée that the printer of the paper could not bi called upon to bear any sharp iu the genera losses accruing to the publishing department The whole.of the.£I8O,0Ci) has now oecu paie -off, and as the circulation of tho paper ant its receipts for advertisements havo increased it is reckoned that a diyidend of £2000 wit he said per share at thc close of this year. It will interest our renders-and pcrbapi those gentlemen who aro beginning to worrj themselves over the immigration (jucstiou Ito learn what work is being done, ond wlial ""kind of reports are hoing issued, by **Tin j Emigrants' Information Office," in London. , The Hotne News of lOthOctober thtis sum- marises the publications issued hy the office : -"The October circulars, the then' annual penny handbooks, one ou each colony, with ' maps, and thc Emigration Statutes and Pro- fessional Handbooks, price 3d. each (the '. 'whole being also bound together, price 2s. ), * uud a new pamphlet on thc West Indies, with ,map, price 2d., issued by the Emigrants' ' Information Office, show thc present pros ' poets of emigration tb the 'colonies. The ' most important chango iii thc grant ol ' passages during last quarter is thc further ' assistance which Natal gives to emigrants, by ' now offering ta female domestic servants Ïiassages at £5 a head (which will lie ro- unded after a year's service) ; and enabling 'arm labourers, mechanics, and others to 'e nominated here at £ñ n head by friends ir, tlie colony. Male ami female emigrants for Queensland, Western Australia, and the 'Cupi, may still incertain cases obtain through frients or employers of labour hi those colonits, passages at reduced rates. Queens- land abo still offers free and assisted passages to unmarried female servants, sempstresses, miners, navvies, and farm labourers, and Western Australia assisted passages to funnel s with capital. Fanners and others with capital nra wanted in all parts, female servants in Canada, Nalnl, and Australasia, agricultural labourers in Australasia, und miners, navvies ar general labourers in Tasmania, Western Australia, mid New Zealand. Willi regard to mechanic*, a few carpenters, masons, and bricklayers arc wauled in Xatal, bul it is too latu in the year for mm to go le Canada, while in Cape Colony tho demand is much less ; than it was in thc carly part of this year. ; There is tm demand in South Australia, Western Australia, and Qnoenslaml, and though in thc other Australasian colonies there arc generally openings for them, the effect of tho extensive strike which hogan last August has been to throw largo numbers I nf bunds ont of employment." 