SATURDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1890. We publish in another column a most interesting article on recent English literature, written by Mr. ANDREW LANG, who is himself a scholar of no mean order, one of the foremost of living critics, and one of the purest writers of English of the present day. Mr. LANG has touched many things, from Maori mythology to the criticism of society verses, and as a professed student of current literature in all de- partments his opinion is admittedly of great weight. And in his judgment there is much that is excellent in the publications of the present, but little or nothing that is likely to exist for all time; much that betokens a higher average of skill among authors and of appreciation among readers, but nothing that stands out with the pro- minence which marked the work of such men as SCOTT or DICKENS or THACKERAY. In poetry most people, save the clique of BROWN- ING admirers, who are so deeply engaged with the peculiar grammar of their own favourite that they rarely have time to study another author, revert to the best work of TENNYSON, to the Idylls of the King, and to that remarkable summary of nineteenth century thinking which is visible through the limpid verses of In Memoriam. Mr. SWIN- BURNE'S ideas have become more reasonable in most respects, except when he returns to his old enmity against Russia ; but his literary man- nerisms have also gathered strength. Mr. LEWIS MORRIS is now generally regarded as little more than a purveyor of semi - scientific, semi - sentimental phrases, which are to the grown man as unripe fruit. As a translator Mr. EDWIN ARNOLD is excellent, but his poems are exotics of the East, and not the healthy growth of an English stem. For the rest, our versifiers are as a rule imitators. They are much given to ballades, the word being always spelt with an e for some inscrutable reason, and to revivals of the French rondeau, and to various other forms of making artificial and not too thoughtful rhymes. It will add weight to Mr. ANDREW LANG'S judgment to say that he him- self is not altogether guiltless in this respect, and that he occasionally in- cludes ballades in his well-known gossiping magazine articles, which are entitled " At the Sign of the Ship." In the domain of history, according to Mr. LANG, the last twenty years have brought forth no great works. Cheap summaries, biographies, mono- graphs, special studies of historical characters, new opinions on familiar in- cidents, have all been produced in great abundance ; but great histories', afford- ing a picture of all tho events of a period and of the actors principally concerned in them, and of the motives which were at work, have been very rare. Among the European nations the German scholars stand in the front rank at the present time, so far as the completeness and thoroughness of the study of history is concerned. There are certainly a multitude of books published annually in London on historical subjects ; but for some years there has been nothing' that could be compared for a moment with MACAULAY'S work or with the earlier work of Mr. FROUDE and Mr. FREE- MAN. It is impossible to avoid noticing that Mr. LANG has passed over the name of one historian at least who might be classed as one of tho writers of the last twenty years, and whose volumes bid fair to become classical. But in the main his criticism is well- founded. We live in an age of monographs, of minute studies of separate historical characters, of gathering materials for a new theory of history, We produce, not histories, but criticisms of older histories, which may be of the utmost value to some writer in the future. There is nothing astonishing in this. It took a century of free historical criticism, of minute investigation, of exhaustive scholarship, of forgotten books and pamphlets, to create a GIBBON. We need not be surprised, therefore, that the great author has not yet arisen to gather together the materials of only twenty years. In his remarks on fiction Mr. LANG will carry most readers with him, for they have nearly all been disappointed in the most highly-lauded books of recent years. Season after season a book is sent forth to the English speaking world, which is puffed and bepraised as if it were the novel of a century, and, after furnishing a subject of desultory drawingroom conversation for a month, it is duly forgotten. The Silence of Dean Maitland was the rage of a season, and for a short time Robert Elsmere threatened to create a new "ism" worse than any of the "isms" that were known before. Mr. RUDYARD KIPLING is the bright meteor of the present season, but his Private Mulvaney is becoming aged and grey, and his reminiscences are in danger of growing tiresome and gar- rulous. Mr. RIDER HAGGARD has ex- hausted the swamps and jungles of Africa, and the lost manuscripts and mysterious cylinders with which his stories generally begin. For tho most part, English novelists, being debarred from the unwholesome life of tho French school, have relied upon geo- graphical and theological novelties, and have attempted either to anticipate STANLEY or to popularise tho work of WELLHAUSEN. The average book is interesting, well written, and in its own way entertaining or in- structive, but it deals only with one small part of human life. And when we do get descriptions of modern society like those attempted by Mr. BESANT in his earlier novels and the descriptions of life and scenery in which Mr. BLACK is prolific, we can but enjoy them as the confirmed smoker enjoys a cigar, and turn afterwards to THACKERAY and SCOTT for a more substantial in- tellectual treat. But in such criticisms we must remember that the twenty years may be regarded as only a breath- ing space, in which the average standard of excellence has been largely increased. The very vigour of the literary work of the present day, one sided though it may be, shows that the mental power of the nation is more active than ever, and induces the hope that the twentieth century will not fail to equal the best traditions of English literature. ' " Philologianj,, tjçaranjfiipg on tho birth of dialects, assert that a-language really has as many dialects as it has speakers. Some eminent individuals have been so marked an evidence of this fact, that they have given their names to a special manner of expression. Wo are familiar with Johnsonese and Carlyleso and Browningesquo. Theie is albo the dialect of professions and coteries. It matters not whothor we»cnll it professional slang or technical language, the fact remains that it is a dialect. Ono such has as yet no name, and we venture to call it Critícese It is the jargon of pro- fessional criticism. But just as there may be wheels within wheels, and imperia in imperio, so theio aro sub-dialects in Critícese. There are, for instance, musical Criticese, artistic Critícese, and, newest development of k11, literary Criticese. It is upon this last in particular that we have some remarks to make, in view of certain dangers with which it threatens that mother-speech known as " English un " dofyled." The prevalence of criticism, it is well known, is generally in inverso propor- tion to tho prevalence of creation. Original geniuses have not been pro- fessional critics ; they have had some- thing better to do. It is, indeed, easy to imagine a SIIAKSPEARE incidentally administering sly digs at euphuism and bombast, but it is not easy to imagine him composing a formal article on, say, "The Classic Spirit in Ben Jonson." When that kind of composition forms the staple of literary production, it is certain that creativo power is at a premium. Critics by profession, accord- ing to DISRAI'.LT, are those who have failed in literature and art ; and the de- finition is not unjust, if by failure is meant failure to create. Another com passcr of epigram speaks of them as " cpizoic " animals, inasmuch ns they feed parasitically on greater creatures than thomselvos, and, like the " big " fleas which have lesser fleas to prey " upou and bite 'em," whilo these again have " still lesser fleas, and so ad " inflnihim," the ciitics themselves lmvo their critics, and so the game goes on. Yet the critic, though not a creator, is for the most part a clover person. Ile may even possess almost a genius of a non-creative kind, as did STE. BKOVE or MATTHEW ARNOLD. This gift, however, is rare, and the utmost equip- ment of the professed critic is gonerally a moro or less facile pon and a more or less wide range of reading. Neverthe- less his desire is toward originality, which is striking, rathor than towards mere truth, which is commonplace. And, ns originality in words is more easily to be compassed than originality in thoughts, the critic is most apt to play the mischief with his mother tongue. Heneo arisoth Critícese, which some call " preciousness." In this dia- lect words which have ono meaning in tho dictionary get another and quito different meaning in the critique ; words which are solely and wholly Fronch or German or Italian prank themsolves in the English sontenco with all the air of being quite at home. Combinations of syllabloa, calling themsolves new words, appear with an impudonco ns thorough as their usclessness ; metaphors aro strained and mixed in a manner which would bo Bimply infuriating if it deserved to bo takon seriously. Far- fetched turns of expression and absurd condensations intentionally bring the reader up with a bang, liko tho sudden stopping of .a...train. .These are only ? isomo of" the moro oonspicuous qualities of ©riticesa-wo have Ino space for the rest.i But wo maya illustrate. Mr. BAUER is what is known as a Stylibt, and Mr. PATER has written a boobicalled Appreciations. In an essay " Ou Style " (wherein a Stylist might ho expected most to shine) wo como across this lucid observation :-" His " work now structurally complete, with . " all the accumulating effect of secon '' dary shades of meaning, he finishes " the whole up to the first proportion of " that ante-penultimate conclusion, and " all becomes expressive," It might be supposed that Mr. PATER also would " become expressivo " if we read the context; but such a con- clusion, if not " ante-ponultimato," would be decidedly erroneous. Again, in the Westminster Review we find an amiable lady- critic discoursing on modern novelists, and of Mr. 11. L. STEVENSON she informs us that ho has a "purplegloom dashed with livid light." A livid light, boing a plumbeous blue-1 black light, would look well on a purple gloom, no doubt, but it requires tho mental eye of the professional critic to realise the picture, just ns it requires the pen of tho samo critic to invent the expression. Tho same writor talks easily of " dopictment," and evidently has a great fancy for the word " ensky." Another critic, running over the Hold of " belles lettres " in the same magazine, ' positively drips with Fronch abstracts »nd adjectivos, put in, liko HARRIS'S Choctaw and Zulu in tho 'J ramp Abroad, merely to "adorn tho pago." This or that is " mûvrerie ;" such and such a thing is " démodé." Why these pretty words could not have been ex- pressed in English does not appear. 'A French word baa its, justification in an English passage'only when it has a meaning which no English word or com- bination of words can adequately ex- press, and when moreover it is suffi- ciently familiar French to obtain imme- diate recognition from the average reader. The " dropping into " French is no doubt intended to exhibit the writer's linguistic attainments, also to impress the ignorant reader with the feeling that the criticism is deep. As a matter of fact what it does reveal is tho secondhand nature of the wholo busi- ness, which depends on a foreign initia- tive and therefore on foreign terms. Wo do not think it too late t^protest against cant usages of this sort. Perhaps, indeed, it is vain at this date to com- plain of the stereotyping of Criticese in matters musical and artistic. In these domains there is, perhaps, more justi- fication for the r.ttnohment of certain peculiar labels to certain peculiar notions, at least when understanding artists are writing for understanding readers and find it necessary to be brief as well as lucid. But even in art and music there is no reasonable excuse, as Mr. SAINTSBURY has observed, for talk- ing about a finely-executed " passage " in a marble chimney-piece, or about the expressive " andante " of a sonnet, or about the " veracity " in a bar of music. Writing of this sort can scarcely be better treated than in the style of the .Western humourist, who discovers that "the motif" of tho Hair Trunk " is admirably " subordinated to the ground tints," and who, by.other similar flippancies, chastises the1 professional critic by re- ducing his ' mannerisms to the absurd. In literary criticism there is not even the defence which can be set up in the case of art and music. COLERIDGE, STE. BEUVE, and MATTHEW ARNOLD dealt in none of the bric-a-brac phrases now in vogue. IIAZLITT and BAGSHOT found the recognised English quite elastic enough for their requirements. They did not think it eithor necessary or clover to speak of a " soul-fact " or to say that ADDISON " classicised." The fact is that we are passing through an age of vory ambitious and rather foolish verbal concettism, in which the good rule is forgotten that that style is best which has most of light with least of lightning. Every criticaster is anxious either to dazzle -with something new and strange, or elso to impress with esoteric terms, concerning which ono is tempted to quote The lieliearsal and Bay, "'tis " a phrase they have got among 'em to " express their no- meaning by." And the result is injurious to the intellectual health of the reader, particularly if the reader is an immature student. AVhon the question of the teaching of English literature at the University of Oxford was agitated, Professor FREEMAN ex- pressed a fear that it would mean " moro chatter about SHELLEY." There was at least the equal danger that it would mean more of the desultory and conceited chatter of professional criticism, and a tyranny of its con- ceited terms. It has been jocosely asserted that one promising Oxford student was plucked for comparing the wrong poet to an Alpine crevasse. There is not the least doubt that the present outlook of literary comment is very inauspicious for the examinee who is too original to adopt the artificialities and prcciousnessé's of which criticism makes its main concern. In other words, he will have to make himself master of Criticese, while the highest successes will only await him if he can invent somo quite new distortion of English phraseology, or rack some un- fortunate word into squealing to some novel tune. After calm consideration of tho matter, wo do not consider literary Criticese either a pleasiug or a legitimate dialectical growth. Wo hopo that tho Chief Justico will bo well satisliod to discover that, in tho opinion of the Tindos hall Council, ho lins manfully attacked a small bund of capitalist obätiuctiomsts who havo stood in tho -nay of a permanont inchiitiial peaco. On tho evidence of his caso wo should ha\o imagined that tho Btnko was tia us t upon the omployors, that moñacos of boy- cotting woro hoapod upon them without stint, that no overture has beon made to them for a sottloment bojond tho ex- pression of a vaguo and not too earnest desire to hold ii conference, and that tho only definite torms of negotiation which ha\o yet beon mado public have beon oflorcd by tho omployors thom- selvos in tho clear cut phrases of tho Sydnoy manifesto But if in roviowmg tho facts tho Chiof lustico should have any qualms o£ conscience, theso will doubtloss bo stilled by the important fact that tho Trades hall Council has atcordod its patronage to the Supreme Com t. Tho employers have gono as far ns in reason they can bo oxpocted to co Wlnlo hold- ing to tho Sydney manifesto, they profess that they nro willing to allow any dis cussion which may load tp a closor dohmtion of torms, so that thero may bo no aftoi misunderstanding Hiuing with them in tina proposal thoir follow em ployors in tho othoi colonios, thoy ask no moro than thoy ni o warrantod in de- manding, when thoy require that tho loprosontativos of labour should bo equally accioditad and equally ompowoied to bind their unions to any agreement that may bo made The earnest dosuo of poaco displayed by tho omployors in theil' icadiness to sullmit the details of thoir manifesto to discussion becomes all the moio apparont whon wo consider that tho strike is comme to an ond bf its on n accord Thoro can be no doubt that gnu o dissatisfaction with tho conduct of tho stuko oxista amoug tho -vorkuig classes , tho shoarors have boon gradually returning to work, and thoy nro now ordered to go back by Mr. SrFM B, who aces that Ins arbitrary strike oidor has completely failed 'J. lio stovodoios' labourers, n ho struck m sympathy with the Bhearors, aro said to bo disgusted with tho turn of o von Is , and both at tho Holborn no and Sjdnay n lim vos an ampio supply of labour ia available, dcspito tho unions A uumboi of mon aio, uufoitunately, out of employment in Melbourne, but it can haidly bo said any longer that thoy aro on stuko, sinco at the gasworks and at tho piers thoro aro ofton moro applicants foi woik than aro required Wo mfor that tho labouring classes aio growing tu ed of n.stuko which bi.gau in tho arrogance of the Tindes hall agitntois, and which pioimscs to " fizzle out," to tho great detriment of tho industrious woikman. It might almost bo said that tho strike is now hardly nppaientoxcoptat committee moot mgs at tho Trades hall In thoso cucum stancoB tho omployors have dono all that pubho opinion could fairly expect from them. 'Ihoj givo to tho Trados hall Council not only an opportunity of íecog mamu; tho facts wo have mentioned, but nu opportunity of discussing, ns thoy do siro, m "an nnucablospirit,"the manifesto which is submitted as the .basis of tho pioposed confoionco Tho best feature of the deputation to tho Minister of Minos on tho prospecting question on Wednesday was tho suggos tion that if tho vote is to bo coutuiuod it should bo distributed by a central board. This is really a ro\ îval of the original pioposition by Mr GILLIES when intro- ducing the new system in 1880. He then submitted a scheme for the appoint- ment of local boards to make recommen- dations to a central body comprising ro presentatives of tho nuning community and tho scientific oihcois of the Mining de- partment. Admitting that it is dosirablo that a lnrco amount of Btato money should be devoted to prospecting, it must bo acknowledged tint it is moro hkoly that bettor value would bo obt unod for tho outlay if all pioposals weio subjected to tho scrutiny of impartial oxpeits than if tho distnbution were loft to local bodies acting under tho piessuio of local in- fluences and incapable of dom,» justice to national intciests. But tho Legislativo Assembly, which was not in tho mood to tako a laigo viow of tho question, ov er íuled the Minister, and virtually placed tho wholo responsibility in tho Hands of tho provincial bomds It vv/ia loft to tho Mnustet to review tho proposals of the boards, but oxporience has 'verified tho anticipation tlint tho check thus pro- vided for TV ould provo to bo no check nt all Tho evd results of the existing system are plain to evoryone who has considered the subjoct. For foui years, upwaids of £80,OOU per annum has boen spent without any adequate result. Since, however, the original proposal has boon revu ed, it will bo well for tho Govern- ment to givo Parliament another oppor- tunity to deal with it. Of course, it is to bo ox pee tod that there will be a fight for tho present practice, with all its im- perfections, for it ensures a steady and regular flow of public money into the old raining centres nltogethor irrespective of tho probabilities of gold being discovei ed. And there will \oiy likely be an echo within the Assembly chambir of tho remarks of tho Cnstlemamo delegate at tho deputation, who thought it the height of vviBdom to disparage scien- tific men. Notwithstanding tho ¡jro digious eliot ts wo havo made and aro making to promote higher educution, thora aro still individuals abroad who think that scientific attainments aio supeitluous. This " pick and shovel " theory has to bo combated, but Parliament should not attach undue weight to it when con- sidering the necessity for constituting a capable authority to secure tho expendi- ture of tho vote in such a wiy as to servo national purposes. The UM S Valetta, from London, arrived yesterday afternoon. 'Hie passage out was quick urn! pleasant. The passenger list was fairly well ulled Mr Dnllison, a passenger from London, who comes on a visit to His Excellency the Governor, wus met by Lord Rosehill, aide de camp, and Mr. Agnew Kainton, private secretary. After an investigation extending over six months, the Charity Commission now finds itseft in a position to present a progress report to Parliament. The commission has, in the course of its inquiries, received the testimony of 50 witnesses, 1C of whom have been medical men, but it finds Itself far from the accomplishment of the whole of the task which has been allotted to it. Sufficient evidence ha«, however, been taken to enable a report to be drawn up, having special reference to the sites and condition of the principal charitable institutions of the metropolis, and it is intended that this shall be brought before the Assembly prior to the termination of the present session so that it may receive full consideration during the reeess The lines on which the report Is to be drafted are not yet determined, but in all t>robab>' ty some radical changes m connection with 'Me Mel- bourne Hospital, the Benevolent Asylum, and the Immigrants' Home will be recom- mended, and attention is likely to be called to the necessity of some new institution which shall adequately provide tor the im- mediate and pressing wants of the poor. A Becond progress report may be devoted to the question of the maintenance of the charities of the colony. There seems to be a con' currence ot opinion on the part of the members of the commission that theo retically each municipal district should sup port its own poor, but it is acknowledged that m the present condition of public opinion it would be unwise* to seek to enforce this view, and it is probable that Bonio middle course will be suggested by which only a portion of the burden ot the expenditure and the management will be thrown opon the municipalities. The com mission is obtaining the views of the municipal councils throughout the colony on this subject, nnd the majority ot these bodies Btrongly object to their responsibilities being added to. Yesterday the Premier, the Minister of Defence, the Commissioner of Customs, the secretary for Defence (Commander Collins), and the inspector of explosives (Mr Hake), visited the Colonial Ammunition Company's factory, at braybrook, to inquire into the dispute which had arisen between Mr. nuke and Captain Whitney, the manager of the company, as to whether tho factory came under the operation of the explosives Act, and it BO whether certain alterations, which Mr. Hake desired to have made m the dress of the employa and in the internal arrangements of the buildings, so as to guard against explosion, wera necessary. Captain Whitney has asked tne Minister 01 Defence to appoint a special board to examine and report on the rules and regula tiona under which the factory is conducted, and to express its opinion as to the danger that would arise if these regulations were carried ont, and whether there would be more or less danger under those regulations than under the Kxnlosiv es Act The board, it is alBo desired by Captain Whitney, should be asked to express an opinion as to how seriously the Explosive Act will affect the company if it is put into operation nt the factory, and whether the company m being brought under that act is being placed in the position and on the basis it was led to expect when it waB granted the lease ot tho site at Braybrook The Munster of Defence will announce his decision on the matter m the course of a tew days. The Public Service Boird lins nominated Mr James Livingston, first assistant at the Brighton btato School, No 1,54- and Mr Charles Robert Long, second assistant in the Associated Training behool, Richmond, to be inspectors of schools. The selection is largely based on the educational attainments of both gentlemen, Mr Long having the de grca of M.A , and Mr, Livingston that of H.A. Mr. Reginald Murray, the Oovernment geologist, has forwarded to the secretary for Mines a report on the Franklin and Agnes River tin-field, near Toora, South Gippsland After referring to the past history of the field, its geological formation, and the work being carried on, ho Btates that there is evi dently an immense body of drift in the gronnd held by the A »nea River, Granite Bar, and Granite Bar Extended companies, an the eist side of the Agnes River, and pro- bably ¡n the adjacent blocks as well. It is also evident that the drift contains fine stream tin and gold generally disseminated, Borne places being of course better than others, and it would be almost impossible to wash a single load, or in most cases even a dishful, of the gravel without finding a small prospect of either tin or gold Mr Murray collected a number of samples from the shafts and heaps on the surtace On being tested these gave an average return of Clb of metallic tin per ton of gravel and 8 4Ggr. ot gold. This result shows that with the ordinary mining and sluicing appliances the drift will never pay to work There is, however, a plentiful supply of water in the Agnes and Franklin rivers, and if a Bystem of hydraulic sluicing were adopted the drift could be dealt with at a very slight cost per cubic yard, and the field would then, lu the opinion of Mr Murray, become a payable one. Tho Mining départaient yesterday received a lurtlier report from the mauager in charge of the drill at Morwell, which has for some time been boring for coal His last report stated that the drill had pierced a seam of brown coal having a thickness of 506ft., and he now writes that almost immediately after passing through that immense bed another seam was struck, which has been proved by the drill to be lOTtt, Bin. in thickness. It might therefore be said that the bed is over 7G3tt. m thickne.i. This ii believed to be the largest bed of coal yet dis covered in the world Yesterday Mr Mason M I. A., presented a petition from the residents ot South Clipps land to the Munster of Landa Ï he petition, which waa numerously signed, set forth the growing importance of that part of the colony, and the rapid settlement taking place there, and concluded with a. request that periodical sales of Crown allotments in South Gippsland might be held nt 1 ostcr Hie request is under consideration, aud will probably be complied with 'Hie committee appointed by the LORIS lative Assembly to inquire into the question of country tramways, met yesterday at Par- liament house. Mr 1 averner presided, and Messrs Mason and M Coll were the other members present Hie only witness called was Mr \V Aston, farmer and qrn/ier, who supported the evidence Riven by previous witnesses as to the reduction of the amount of interest to be paid and various other reforms necessary or desirable for a beneficial extension of the tramway system in country districts . In Mr Aston'a opinion, the amount of interest on tramway construction should be reduced to that which the Govern meat itself paid In relation to the sinking fund, he lecommended that the interest should be 1 per cent instead of 2 per cent, and should be held over for five j ears to seven years He furthor held that there should be power to lease the Victorian rail- ways To day the members ot the committee visit Traralgon, where they will take evidence from the representatives of the Gippsland Municipal Association an organisation which represents 14 local bodie« the board consisting of Mr A P Ake hurBt, Mr G \\\ ilBon Brown, and Mr James Smith appointed to report on the claima of certain third class state school teachers, other than Messrs Burston and M'Nab, to different positions from thoBe they now occupi, lor warded its decision yesterday to the Minister of Public Instruction The board decided that Mr Charles E Cookson, of school No 2 25G, had been deprived of his right of transfer by fresh names being placed on the transter liBt above his, and it therefore awarded him £100 compensation and £2G for costs and ex penses arising out of the inquiry Mr Willinm Crooke, of school No 489, should, in the opinion of the board, have been offered a leacherahip in the Gordon's school when it fell vacant in Tebruary, 1S8G, and it therefore awarded him £'50 compensation. 'I he board dismissed the claimB of the other teachers, who were as follows -Mr. II \V. Binder, school No 2 041, Mr It. tucker, 1.3DG, Mr M. Barrowclough, 143b, Mr. George Mackay, 1,234, and Mr 1* J. M Hamilton, 1 071 '1 he undermentioned state school teachers have been appointed to the following vacan ciea advertised on the 12th September, lb K) -School ho 1,930, Wama, head teacher, John Roxburgh , 2,016 and S 000, Murrabit Weat ami .North, head teacher, Charles Butler , 1,8,14, North Dam, head 'teacher, Mary Willoughby , 2,50b North Mel bourne, first iemale assistant, Sara Davies, 1.5GG, Gravel lilli, first female assistant, Catherine Peters , 323, Ironbark, first female assistant, Uirabeth Phipps, l,0b2 Craigie, first female assistant, Agues Davies , 1,730, Miners' Rest, first female assistant, Lllen M'Lellan , 1,508, Hawthorn, junior assistant, Margaret Pearson , 1,401, Northcote, junior assistant, Hose Kenny, 87b Lil-dale, junior assistant, Louisa Campbell, 2,104, \\\ a'ragul, junior assistant, Caroline Halifax. ' TlltP'ànnuaT session çf the"Church of Eng-, land'-.(Asaembly was concluded- yesterdny at Trinit^OU; EaBt'Me'lÈou'trie'., Anù#.tlon by the/fiávuIL F.'Tucker,' to the .eft'ectUbat the ques|!íafVMj£¡¡'l)\í limitation of tenure'^f minis-' teriaLgn»Hlft»iBl»uï<i tieitáken ¡nfoicansïderli-t tion, was reterred to a Belect committee, and a motion by the Itev. C. J. Godby, to the effect that the missions to the heathen had a juBt claim on the funds of the church, waa agreed to. Mr. F. It Godfrey moved for a select committee to inquire into the constitution mid management of the Church of England grammar schools in the colony. He condemned the system of furrning-out the schools to head masters as prejudicial to their useful- ness. The Itev. Dr. Wilson, of the Melbourne Church of England Grammar School, made a statement with regard to that institution, and the motion waa agreed to by the as- sembly. Judge Molesworth moved for a return showing the revenue and disburse- ments by the council and warden ot Trinity College, and after a warm discussion the motion was agreed to with certain verbal amendments suggested by the ltev. Canon Vance. A special session of the assembly will be held in January next, and will deal with the business held over from the present sesBipn. , -a" , ,, Thg -^^^çi'^lTi^û-aontfttïyéà^vvJio ,f ¿rnY the ¿Meiboarne -Tramway» Trust« held theirr monthly jrkejçtijiR,yesterday,_,the ehairroo^ (Councillor If. jennings) presiding, ' ' The busine«* won the notice-paper was ,chielly formal, 'and the meeting lusted only a few mii.Uîé3:'jiÎt\yaB/ogr'çéd/ thor,','lo meet the trust's requirements to December 31, 1S92, the amount of the loan to be floated should be £130,000, and authority WOB given to the finance and legislative committee to arrange with the trust's London bankers ns to the minimum at which the loan should be offered. On the motion of Councillor Stead, seconded by Councillor Phipps, the thanks of the trust were directed to be tendered to SirF. T. Sargood, M.L.C., and to Mr. Best, M.L.A., for the trouble which those gentle- men had taken in connection with the hill passed through the Legislature, granting the trust increased borrowing powers. It was announced that a block of land had been purchased in Wellington-street, St. Kilda, to be used as the enginebouae for the esplanade line, nt a cost of ¿2,712 10s. The works com- mittee also announced that the Melbourne Tramway and Omnibus Company had been granted authority to put in a second "cross- over " lor cars in Spencer-street, this being required to facilitate the shunting. The re- maining items of business were of a purely formal character. Mr, Cooper, police magistrate, who lias been officiating in East Gippsland, has re- cently suffered from ill-health, and his medical adviser lina certified that ¡tis neces- sary that he should have leave of absence for a time. The Law department has therefore granted him three months' leave, and while he is away lim duties will be performed by Mr. FoBter, relieving police magistrate. On the Slh Soptembcr laat a complaint by Wm. Jamieson, a seaman on board the steamer Mangana, against Herbert Sams, the master of the steamer, waa heard in the District Court, in which the complninnnt sought to recover £1 8s. 8d. wages. The case was one arising out of the strike. The Bteamer had arrived in Melbourne on fie lflth August, and the complainant gave 24 boura' notice of his intention to leave. The steamer was about to leave the wharf before that time had expired, and the complainant left the steamer before tho end of the 24 hours' notice. There was then 10 days' wages accruing as due to him, and he sued for that amount, £4 83. Sei., being at tho rate of £7 per month. Tho justices dismissed the complaint for the wagea with £3 3s. costs. Yesterday an application was made by Mr. Hobday" to " Mr. Justice Webb in the Supreme Court on behalf of Jamieson for an order nisi calling on the justices to show cause why their decision should not be reviewed, on the ground that under the circumstances the complainant was entitled to leave the vessel as he did without being deprived of his wages, as the custom of the port had been that the intercolonial steamers should remain in Melbourne at least 24 honra. It was also submitted that the just lees had not found that tho com- plainant had been guilty of desertion, or of any other offence whereby they would be authorised to make any deduction from his wages. His Honour granted an order calling on the justices to show cause why their de- cision should not be reviewed. This order will be heard at the sittings of the Full Court in December next. An application waa mode to Mr, Juatlco Webb in the Practice Court yesterday tor the l compulsory séquestration of the estate of I Charlotte Mary Warne, of Elizabeth-street, Melbourne, and Sydney-road, married woman, I carrying an business as a butcher. Mr. | Higgins appeared for the petitioning creditors. Dr. Smith appeared for the tespondsut, and proposed to prove that she did not possess separate property, but na no notice of objec- tions had been filed, Mr. Justice Webb made absolute the rule for the sequestration of Mrs. Warne's estate. An action was tried in the Supreme Court yesterday before Mr. Justice Holroyd, in which Curtiss and Harvey, who carry on buBinesi ai Hounslow, England, as manu- facturers of gunpowder, sued II. Abrahams and Co., of Melbourne, to restrain them from selling gunpowder in tins with labels similar to those of the plaintiffs.- .It was alleged that the plaintiffs hud for many years manufactured in ling land and sold in Victoria a gunpowder known ns the "diamond" gunpowder, or " diamond grain" gunpowder. It was alleged that in April last Mr. E. Duckett, of Mel- bourne, sent to the defendants' shop for some " diamond grain " gunpowder of Corliss and Harvey's. The defendants sold a 2ülb. tin purporting to.be "diamond" gunpowder, and it was invoiced as such to Mr. Duckett, and it was said that it was represented to be of Messrs. Cnrtiss and Harvey's manufac- ture. Information of the transaction waa given by Mr. Duckett to the agents for the plaintiffs, who brought this action to restrain any further sale by the defendants of any gunpowder purporting to be the plaintiffs', but which was not the plaintiffs'. The defendants denied that there was any fraud by tbem, or that the plaintiffs hod sustained any injury by the sale of the gunpowder to Mr. Duckett, and it WOB sub- mitted that the plaintiffs were not entitled to maintain the action. Mr. Justice Holroyd intimated that he was in favour of the plaintiffs, but said he would reserve his formal judgment for the present, Mr. niggins and Mr. Bryant appeared for the plaintiffs, Dr. Madden and Mr. Isaacs for the de- fendants. The sittings of the Melbourne General Sessions Court were continued yesterday before Judge Hamilton, Mr. Finlayson pro- secuting for the Crown. Robert Ashton and William Watson were found guilty of steal- ing a purse containing £5 from Mrs.'Amelia Highmore, in Powlett-street,East Melbourne, on the 2Uth August Nine previous convic- tions were recorded against Ashton and three against Watson, and they were re- manded for sentence. George Tatum waB convicted of feloniously receiving a quantity of jewellery stolen from the house of Mrs. Eleanor Atkins, in Armadale, on 2Gth August; and Edward Whitburn was con- victed of brenkiug into the shop of Mr, A. Rosenwax, hairdresser and tobacconist, Bourke-Btreet, on the 12th inBt. They were both remanded for sentence. George Ellis, George Lyons, and James Hallbrook, con- victed of breaking into the Bhop of Mr. Julius Kraezter, jeweller, Eastern Arcade, willi intent to steal therefrom, were also re- manded for sentence. The Crown Law department bave deter- mined to proceed against a number of tobac- conists in Melbourne, on the charge of having used their premises or allowed them to be used tor the purposes of betting. Summonses have accordingly been issued against .11 tobacconists, and the cases will be heard next Friday at the police conrt. The summonses were issued against H. Oxen ham, 241 Bourke-street ; J. Wall, 28G Bourke-street ; J. Levy, 1C4 Swnnston Btreet ; II. Allen, 303 Bourke-street ; C. Elliott, 215 Bourke-street ; John II. Giles, SO -SwanstAti-streët: J., Cohpnv;234. Bjjurke "?'sVr'eet ; Robçr^',Ehnlïp,i',,,2r|7 .^tt&f;îolHni,-,, ,at¿reet ; Jasspli .Cohen, KiSuKliziebetii-strcet,; >UV Tobias, lG3»'Swanston-»itTeètr''àTid>If Lip'r 'mnti, 224 Bourke-street'.'3'1'-''''''''' ^-'['1] j , Ng fact of¡un_;i consequence was ascertain ,aWyestoitlaj1,jri¡rfifprípoe,.,to.tlieiacts o( iu-. iendiariBm onWefinesdiyiitnglttinn!* (Tbuts-.j day morning at the Palace Hotel. A fuller investigation of the facts already reported only tends to increase the mystery which surrounds the whole business, and it is not expected that any arrest can be effected with the meagre particulars at present available. That the man named Charles Kimber, who was sentenced to 12 months' imprisonment tor being on the premises without lawful excuse, had any complicity in the attempts to start the fire is doubted by almost everyone with an intimate knowledge of the facts of the case. At the present juncture the matter is still in the handsoftbeunitormpolice, but surprise is expressed that the detective branch has not been placed in charge of the case, in regard to Borne of the previous fircB Deteclive-sergcant Nixon has been charged with their investigation, and although re- ports have been made from time to time that the suspected party in connection with the last Gre was under surveillance no arrest has yet been accomplished. Indeed, BO tar ns the last fire is concerned, it is understood ?Ètè, V10 i,TiYíílif?nífP.n,,.9Si%.t:!v»9oh^,niowu ceased. . ."n tu ».ii-.' nun I .io. -J n. I , i iiTbe, ro^lrltt'season wjll.bB'ppe'riejd,by % pro "espion of "\'&ats; OR. the ^Ujiperyiarra.' this afternoon, i..'Will 8tarfïroii)>Queéh's'fl}lUlgé n't 3 30 p.ín.^'.anditwlil proceed»-''.'?.' tue Botanical-gar'dçns bridge, ( j The state'-Bcrioir Cadet Battalions,.in the" metropolitan district mustered in force yes- terday afternoon in the Royol- park, to receive nn instruction parade in the " form of attack" as laid down by General Tulloch. Some COO cadets were on parade, the instructors being Garrison Sergeant-major Brenchley, assisted by Regimental Sergeant-major Sheebon, The parade lasted about two hours nnd a half, the lads entering into the mimic battle with great gusto, as blank ammunition had been served out to the fighting line supports and reserves. 1 Le Government steamer Lady Loch will leave Williamstown on Monday on her half yearly trip with stores to the lighthouses on the western const. On the 12th inst, she will start on her trip to tho eastern coast to deliver stores to the lighthouses ns far as Cape Everord. The committee appointed to promote tho candidature of Mr. W. Thwaites, CE, for the vacancy in the University Council met jesterday, Professor Kernot occupying the chair Numerous promises of support were received, and the committee adjourned till Monday. Steps have been taken by a number of the Sydney members of the Australian Mutual Provident Society with the object 'of holding a general meeting of members for thejjurpose of taking into consideration and recognising the special services rendered to the Bociety by the late chief actuary Mr. Morrice Alexander Black, who died some little time since. The meeting will be held in the Young Men's Christian Association ball in Sydney, in tho afternoon of Wednesday, November 2G. Two pictures have been added to the Hol- loway art gallery at Messrs. Gemmell, Tuckctt, and Co.'e, which merit attention be- cause they are the work of a young English nrtiet, \Y lllinm Davies by name, who has evi- dently au important future bciorc bim. They areboth landscapes, the one beinga scene in Wales, and the other a view of Glen Croo in Argyleshire. Mr. Davies is only 11, but he is already a master of his art ; and m the Scottish landscape, more especially, he dis- plays a knowledge of drawing and colour, light and shade, .aerial perspective and atmospheric effect which it has taken many an older painter halt a lifetime to acquire. His subjects resemble those selected bj. Mr. Peter Graham, but his methods of treatment are peculiarly his own ; and he combines poetical sentiment with technical qualities of an exceptional character. A meeting of the Melbourne Shakspeare Society waa held lust night in the Athemeum hall, Collins-street, Dr. Neild presiding. In his opening remarks the chairman said a member of the society had drawn his atten- tion to the alleged lameness of Shakspeare, and bad mentioned thatM. Arsène HouBsaje, in one of his books, had staled that " Shaks peare, like Byron, waa lame." Charles Kingsley, in Allon Locke, spoke of the poet's lameness as an accepted tact. Ben Jonson also mentioned that Shakspeare was lame through an Injurj in the thigh, and Dryden referred to the physical deformity of the great poet. The line in the sonnets, " So I, made lame by Fortune's dearest spite," should also be considered in regard to the question of the lameness. It was, he be- lieved, generally understood that Shaks- peare did suffer from Boine Infirmity of the kind referred to A paper was read by Mr. J. F. Deegan on "A Recent Romeo," in which he spoke in very high terms of the recent representation of Romeo in Melbourne by Mr. Bellew. Professor Morna afterwards delivered a lecturette on "Shakspeare'» Caliban and Browning'«." Mr. J. C Mor- rison, in a paper read at a meeting of the Browning Societj, had made the remark that there was nothing very complex and subtle in Shakspcare's conception 01 Caliban, and that apart from his physical form Shaks- pcare's Caliban was little more than u depraved, brutish, and malu tous niau. From those remarks he (Professor Morris) entirely differed Caliban was a poetic charactor, anil that was specially shown in his love of nature and his sensitiveness to sweet sounds. BroKiiiu^'s Caliban, on the other hand, waa a psvcholotrical character, less poetical than Shakspeare's, but deeper in thought. Slinkspeare's waa the outer and Browning's the inner Caliban. The visit of the member» of the Anglican Church Assembly, now Bitting in Melbourne, to the Waterloo Colóranla, at the invitation of Mr II. Byron Moore, took place vesterday morning. There was a very large gathering, and at the conclusion ot the lecture the He v. Archdeacon Langley proposed a vote of thanks to Mr. Moore aud to Mr Forster, the lecturer, for the excellent treat afforded. The proposal was seconded by the ltev. S. U. Kent and carried with acclamation. The second popular concert of the Victorian Orchestra's present season will take place m the Town-hall this evening. Miss Lalla Miranda has been again engaged, and will Bing "On Mighty Pens," irom the "Crea- tion," and "Lo, here the gentle lark," with tlule obblignto hy Mr. Herbert Stoneham ¡also a duet with Mr. A. IL Gee. The latter gentleman will also contribute Piusuti's ballad, " The King's Minstrel " Gounod's ballet music from the opera " Polyeucte " will be pla) ed for the first time in Australia. Tne programme also includes the overtures to "Tnnnhnuser, ' "Mnsaniello," and "The Merry Wives," and Lisn's Tirst Hungarian Kbapsody. On Thursday night Miss Anna Steinbauer, a Danish lady from the Stock- holm Conservatorium, will make her first appearance m Melbourne. A farewell benefit performance to Mr G, C. Miln, tendered by MesBra Brough and Boucicault and members of the theatrical profession, was given last night in tho Bijou Theatre before a large and enthUBiaatic audience. The programme included the second act of "behool," the first act of "ltobbery Under Arms," and the fourth act of "'ihe Merchant oí Venice," in which Mr. Mihi played Shyloek. The performance concluded with a farce, " The Goose with the Golden Ecgs," in which MesBrs. Itoj.ce and Elton furnished most ot the fun. In addition, there was a recitation, "In the Signal box," by Mr. Majne, while the "Maypole Dance," composed by Mr. D Cope, jun., wa« pin) ed for the first time. At the close of the performance Mr, Milo thanked Messrs. Brough and Boucicault and members of the theatrical profession for the benefit so thoughtfully and ye't^unoBtenta tiously given lum. He Bald he had lost money in Melbourne through believing that a suffi- ciently large clientele waa available to enable bim to maintain a permanent Sbakspearoan theatre, but he had found that it waa not so. In spite of his reverses be believed that Mel- bourne people still bad faith in his honour and íntegrit), and though he was leaving Melbourne the financial responsibilities he hau incurred would remain a debt upon his conscience. Mr. Miln was loudly cheered bQtb.ud.urwg his speech and at its con Cl031tJrti3lll<t . .. A mMldee benefit will be tendered MIBB Eloise J Uno, the well known actress, at tbe PrinceBs'B Theatre this afternoon. The pro- gramme {»eludes the second act of " The Mikndp, jutha second act of " School, ' the !Â-cptcb.«rç»edietta '"Ihe Bonnie Fishwife" (in which Miss Juno will take patt), the first act of "Alone in London," a farce, and a variety programme, the curtain rising at 2 O Clock The Princess's Theatre has been well attended every evening of the week, and "The Mikado has been received with much enthusiasm Mies Maggie Moore, Mr Ver non, and Miss Merivale have been obliged to repeat several of their solos every night, 'The Mikado ' will be played for another week ' 1 amine " was played for the last time last night at the Theatre Royal, and this evening a season of English opera will be inaugurated in this theatre The opening opera is " Maritana, in which M Mules Simonsen, a tenor, will make bia debut as Son Ctcsar de lia/an Others of the company are also new to Melbourne audiences Miss Elsa May is prima (fount of the company After a highly successful season, "School" has been withdrawn from the stage of the Bijou and to night the Brough and Bouci caultjjC.Qipedy Company nppear in Robertson's radityr^eomedy "Ours ' I At tYiejgpera house, "Uncle Tom's Cabin" has during.the week replaced "The Widow OBricqj,,!, The same programme will be maintauje^ this week. "LoydyPj Day by Day" hns been plaved (luring the week at the Alexandra, and the play being well staged has been received with marked favour. No change is yet an nounced. The Gaiety Company are still drawing large audiences to the Gaiety hall, and this evening a frPBh programme will be presented bcveral variety artists are announced to make their hrst appearance with the com- pany to night. Ihe United States minstrels have been playing to good audiences at the Victoria hall during the week A new programme is announced for tina evening The Storm King lifeboat has been viewed by a large number of people during the week. After this evening the boat will be no longer on exhibition at the Waxworks, Captain Jorgensen being compelled by other engage menta to take her to another colony. We have received trom Messrs Melville, Mullen, and blade an admirable little " finger diary lor 1SJ1, which for neatness, compactness, and economy o! space leaveB nothing to be desired, a specimen of Mark T wain's scrap book for newspaper cuttings, probably the best thing of the kind ever invented, and a new game, called ' Halma, somewhat altin to draughts, which hue already i.iuned much popularity. The Bishop of Melbourne will preach at St Mary s, Caulfield, to morrow morning, and at Christ Church, bt. Kilda, in the evening. The Bishop of Adelaide will preach at Christchurch, South Yarra, to morrow morn ing at 11 o clock Messrs Tattle and Co have forwarded ns an excellent boudoir photograph of the late Dion Boucicault taken by them during his last visit to Australia Sergeant Coll, who has for five years been stationed in 1 itzroy, took charge of the Hotham Hill police station yesterday A Bruce auction and bazaar, in aid of bt George's Church, Malvern, is advertised to be held to day The former commences at 3 p m , and the latter at 7 p m 