THE ENGLISHING OF THE WORLD. Profeaaor Schaff, of New York, devotes the first chapter of his "Literature and Poetry" to estimating the probabilities of English be coming the world- language of the future. "The English," he says, "istaught as a regular branch of higher education in the best colleges and universities on the Continent of Europe, and in all commercial cities, and is rapidly gaining on the French. . In Egypt it has acquired new strength. In Asia it follows theBritish sway, and the highways of commerce to the vast empire of India with its 200,000,000 of heathen and Mahommedan inha bitants, who exhibit a growing desire to learn the language of their rulers. I have heard converted Brahmins speak and preach in the purest Anglo-Saxon. It is largely used in the islands and sea-ports of ChiDa even by native Chinese, in a corrupt form. It is firmly estab lished in Southern Africa, and extends every day with the widening British settlements of the Cape and western coast including Sierra Leone and Liberia. It accompanies the British navy and merchant ships to the South Sea, and must ultimately rpplace the barbarous native dialects of Australia, New South Wales, Van Diemen's Land, New Zealand, and the Poly nesian group of islands, as the natives become Christianised and civilised. The empire of Japan is fast getting Anglicised and Chris tianised. The English has become the Court language. A New York publisher is shipping every year 50,000 American school- books for the schools of Japan, The English classics are daily read in countries of which Shakespeare and Milton never beard, and by millions who but recently were ignorant of the very existence of England. If we look to the American hemisphere, the same language prevails in all the British posses sions of North America from the Atlantic to the Pacific, including a territory of over three millions and four hundred thousand square miles and a population of about five millions, and increasing very rapidly by emigra tion. It prevails in the British West Indies and the Bermuda Islands. But what is still more important, the English is now, and must ever remain, the speech of the great Anglo Saxon Republic, from Maine to California, froai the Northern Lakes to the Gulf of Mexico. Every other language, the Indian dialects, the Spanish, the Dutch, the Danish, the Swedish, the French, and even the German are being Bwept away by the irresistible current of the English tongue. The German and Scandinavian languages are gaining in the first generation by constant immigration, but in the second or third generation they are losing; while the English, without an act of tyranny or injustice to its neighbours, without any effort even, but by the mere silent power of its presence, is daily gaining upon them. The English is also the language of the ocean. It is better understood and more widely spoken than any other tongue on the ships which cross the Atlantic or Pacific, the Mediter ranean, the Suez Canal, the Indian and Chinese Seas. Even on the Fjords of Norway and in the Gulf of Finland you will scarcely meet a captain that cannot fivjently converse in Eng lish. The Samoan Conference, held last year at Berlin, between Germany, Great Britain, and the United States, marks a new departure in the preference given to English for diplo macy. Formerly the Latin was used in inter national conferences and treaties, and is still used by the Papal Court. Therj the French took its place, and kept it in all international conferences till 1878. But in the Samoan Con ference, for the first time on the Continent of Europe, the English was exclusively used in the discussions and in the treaty-a significant fact for the future. The English race surpasses all others in successful colonisation and com mercial enterprise, and hence its language must inevitably become the chief organ of international communication. Welt may we bid godspeed to the progress of the Anglo-Norman and the Anglo- American tongue as the chief organ for the spread of Christian civilisation. Go forth, then, noble Saxon tongue. And speed the happy time When truth and righteousness shall reign In every zone and clime. When earth's oppressed and savage tribes Shall cease to pine and roam All taught to prize the English words: Faith, Freedom, Heaven, and Home. ROBE DISTRICT POUND.-Impounded-One blue-roan filly, indistinct brand near shoulder like JGE. If not claimed, will be sold No vember 19, 1890, at noon, by a magistrate's order,-J, Osajibisrs, Poundkeeper, 