©fe fSttshmc (Eauútt. TUESDAY, JUNE SI, 1S90. It is impossible not to admiro tho vigour and persistency with which tho head of tho Anglican Church in Southern Queensland pushes on, nccording to his lights, tho in- terests of tho denomination mid of the colony at largo. If at the annual meetings of the Synod of the Episcopal dioceso of Brisbane there is less individual assertion than in those of more democratic Churches, thero is on the other side the advantage of a guiding hand, which is sadly missed else- where. In the person of Bishop Wobber the Anglican Church is to be congratulated on the possession of a Prelate of light and leading. At the same timo it is clear that the happy result of this influence depends on the proportions in which the light and lending como together. Bishop "Webber is a born leador, but the vigour of his will somewhat outruns the clearness of his judgment. And just because his will sways to so great an extent the operations and destinies of the most populous of our Churches, it is the moro necessary to sift the wisdom of the decisions to which he, or the Anglican Synod through his inflnonco, has arrived. Not long ago Coadjutor Bishop Dawes favoured us with a statement of lessons to be learned by the Anglican clergy on thoir arrival in these colonies. The statement was not over flattering to the laity, and found in their deficiencies, rather than in those of the clergy, the difficulties with which the colonial Church had to contend. But the Synodical meeting just held has boen enough to show that clergy ns well as laity are handicapped by imported prejudices. Throughout his inaugural address as well as in subsequent speeches, the Bishop ostentatiously mini- mised tho significance and influence of the home connection of Church and Stato. Thero could bo no greater blunder. Others can see, what to his lordship no doubt is incredible, that propossessions which but for this connection could never havo existed, still dominate his reasonings, and trip him up at every step. It is this that shapes his views on religious instruction in Stato schools, that lies at the basis of his financial schemes, that stiffens the sectarian von tpos8umus which he has again talton' ORçafeion to justify, and that generally separates clerical interests from those of the body of the poople. On the first of these points, so far as dealt with by the Bishop personally, wo have already commented. But it is pertiuent to romark that no scheme- which calls upon the Stato to furnish religious teaching could have so much as entered tho mind to conceive hut for tho precedont conception of State recognition of religion embodied in an Established Church. It is impossible for Bishop Wobber and his clergy, saturated as they are by life-long association with the interdependence of Church and Stato, cither to recognise tho evils of such inter- dependence or to appreciate the doep repugnance and distrust with which thoy havo inspired a free poople. So far is tho , Bishop from understanding theso evils that hfl jielxtally makes an attempt to vindicate de novo the very bondage under which Stato Churches groan, and from which wo have happily escaped. Ho would liavo us believo that in religions matters as in civil a parlia- mentary majority should rulo. That ho did not grasp the full force of his own words we readily beliovo. Tho cloven hoof of Stato interference- with religion was biddon in the decorous kid boot of a nation's moral responsibilities. But it was thore all the same; and it got there so easily becauso it has always worn this decorous covering to tho Bishop's vision. And outsiders who havo soen it in ita nakedness, and possibly oven felt its kick, havo too good roason to look with suspicion on the Biblo Leaguo to which it lod up in tlie after deliberations of the Synod. A leaguo for voluntary Biblo reading or study may be one of tho best things in the world ; a leaguo which compels the unwilling public to pay for Biblo reading, and the un- willing teacher to read, and the un- willing scholar to listen, or bo a marked child, is one of tho worst. Surely before resorting to a moasnro so objectionable, the Church should at least mako an effort, wo do not say to utilise tho provision niado by tho present Act, for with the Bishop wo be- lievo that to bo utterly useless, but to havo the provision extended to tho inclusion within tho school hours of tho opportunity for religious teaching. For this we havo repeatedly contended, and tho measure of support it received at the Synod suggests that tho slight legislativo amendment neces- sary might bo easily obtainod. Another very grave question on which the Bishop is misled by the old Church and State connection is that of finance Ile tells us, indeed, that the home clergy aro not supported by the State, but by tho "pious ancestor." This thrico ex- ploded myth we aro not concerned at present to challenge. Tho important point is that, whatever the source of its endowments, the peoplo of the Church of England have boen accustomed to have provision gratuitously made for their re- ligious wants. This the Bishop acknow- ledges in so many words ; and ho gives ludicrous instances of tho disappointment felt by members of his communion when, on arrival in the colony, they find that no outsider is prepared to make them a gift of a church and a clergyman, with the nocei. sary yeal )y stipend. How does the Bishop propose to remedy this evil ? Ho asks, in- deed, that every mpinbor of the Church s'iould contributo yoarly to tho fund for church extension ; but ho 1m ¡mother string to his bow, on which ho lays by far the greater stress, The yearly contribution is "a haud-lo-inouth method of scrambling along." Ho wams, as his main bolt, u Clergy Endowment Fund. He wauts, in other words, to return, so far as ho pobsibly can, to the «tate of mutters existing ¡ii the home Church, iu which, au ha sa j s, the people aro not called upon themsw*lv«>s to support their clergy. In other words, he seeks to remedy the evil which confronts him in these colonies by doing his lev el best to perpetuate ¡i to all time! It vvero impossible, we think, to produce a more startling illustration of the blinding effect of national endowments. That presumably wise spiritual guides, accustomed to trace tho motions of the human hoart and understanding, ßhould so utterly overlook the paralysing power of pauperism, and the enuobling influence of free will offerings, and should deliberately propose, under new colonial conditions, to reinstate the first with tho common people rather than originate the second, were altogether incredible, but for the close clinging coremonts of the dead past. The lessons of the successful voluntary Churches, notably that of the Freo Church of Scot- land, which in a few years raised hundreds of churches and parsonages all over the country, and has all along supported her ministers by a yearly mutual sustentation fund, seem lost on Bishop Webber. Eather than trust himself to such a policy, which, triumphant as it is in fact, ho probably classes among " beautiful thoories," ho and his clergy will take advantage of bazaars, fancy fairs, lotteries, and theatrical enter- tainments, which in practico aro the vory rovorse of beautiful, and will refuse to put a motion which declaros that they should bo suppressed. If a Church exists for form, aud creed,- and ritual, money is enough, and money got anyhow. But if it oxist3 for reality, and character, and conduct, wo can conceive of no course moro suicidal than that which, iustoad of developing tho vital liberality of congregations and indi- viduals, leans on tho one sido upon tho en- dowments of the wealthy, and ou tho other on tho contributions of the worldly. Neaiîly two hundred years ago tho public funding system, which had boen invontod in Venico about 1178, and introducod into Florence in 1840, was adopted in England upon tho suggestion of Montague, and om bodied in a bill to raise £1,000,000 by way of loan to King William. On tho 20th January, 1693, tho measure became law, and tho principal sum so borrowed was secured by the imposition of additional liquor taxation. It was offered in tho form of annuities, bearing interest at the rato of 10 por cont for seven years, and after- wards at the rate of 7 per cont. As annuitants dropped out, their interest was divided among tho remainder, until finally it reverted to tho State. Long before tho last annuitant had died, however, a chaiu of ovonts had occurred by which tho first item of tho national debt had been multiplied moro than a hundred- fold. At tho conclusion of tho poaco of Utrecht it was found that tho cost of securing tho Protestant succession had swolled the origiual million to fifty. Twonty-oight years lalor came tho war of the Austrian succession, and the fifty millions became eighty. The aoven years' war which began a fow years later closed with a load of .£140,000,000. Men of all shades of opinion upon other questions shook their hoads and lamonted tho inevi- table decay of Groat Britain. Even Adam Smith considered that tho limit of tho national credit had boon reached. With a view to retrenchment tho American colonies vvero tav.ed, but tho attempt to gather the dues thus imposod croatod a war which added £100,000,000 to the stocks ; and, in tho words of Macaulay, left England with- out tho colonies, whoso holp had been roprosentod as indispensable. Soon after- wards tho dobt began to run up with light ning-liko rapidity. When tho foundation of the Stock Exchango was laid in 1801 the amount was ¿£552,780,024. Tho wara and oxcitements of tho next few years proved so oxpensivo that whon " the consolidated fund of tho Unitod Kingdom" was formed in 181(3 the amount at its debit had risen to nearly £800,000,000, at which figuro it may yet bo said to stand. ' In 1887 the hugo con- version scheine, ,, undertaken by Mr. Goschen, embraced a portion of tho national liability, verging on £800,000,000, boaring interest tit 3 per cont, nearly all ol' which is now transformed into 2j per couts. This is in brief the history of England's debt. Two centuries of intrigue and war havo laid upon her? people tho necessity of meeting tho annual interest charge upon £800,000,000, for which prodigious amount of principal there is not a plank nor a nail to show, nor one stoue upon another earning interest upon tho mason's wages. Thirty yours ago Australia ovvod no man anything. Hor first borrowings bogan intorinitlontly and irregularly a few years later. Now Zealand obtainod £1,000,000 in 1804, and in divers ways paid noarly as much for it as King William did for similar accommodation. Other colonies bogan about tho sumo time, and Quoouslaud fol- lowed with £1,170,950 iu 1808, at G pot cent. For some timo tho different Govern- ments wera contented with occasional applications, or woro discouragod by tho prohibitive terms. A docado later, how- ever, railways bogan to multiply over tho faco of Australasia, sinco which poriod thero has boon a merry rouudolay of re- quests for the aid of English capital. Vogelism in Now Zealand ran into as much as England's championship of Austria did in 1711. Victoria rapidly knit herself to- gether with costly bands of steel. In the last^ decade Now South Wales added £33^000,000 to hor indebtedness, while Queensland introduced £12,000,000 in six years. In a quarter of a contury tho antipodean colonies have become custo- dians, on bohalf of British creditors, of no loss than £180,400,390, which, with sun- dry corporation loans and the require monts of the next few months, will havo reached quite £200,000,000 beforo the close of 1891. In twenty-fivo years Australasia has thus borrowed about one-third of tho amount which was lent to the English Government in a poriod five times as long. Tho phenomenon is certainly remarkable It provokes all the minor strains of pessimism in rebuko, and timidity stands aghast. A breath of criticism in London occasioned the withdrawal of a brief per- mission to invest trust funds in colonial fcoeuritics, and further notes of warning havo boen struck by many a British organ. Ti»e pace is toa fast, they cry. The English funds wero not formed in ,a day, but the young cock crows at nu aga devoted by the old one to chicken-hearted rushes for the maternal piuion. It is forgotten that English borrowiugwasdenounced even moro warmly in bygone y¿ars, and that tho event lias shamed recorded criticism. To account, however, for the English position.it is urged that lier wants were all supplied from tho resource-s of her internal économie system, and th it the distribution of the dividends on consols now berves to maintain her own industries. Australia, on the other hand, borrows from esternal sources, and has to export heavily in order to meet her engage- ments. With much literary flourish the oontrast is darkened to tho disadvantage of these colonies, and admissions of our natural wealth and the power of applied capital are but slowly wrung from the more just of our detractors. The other side of the picture is seldom dwelt upon. Australia has spilt no treasure upon the battle-field ; no naval conflict has sunk her borrowed millions. These have gono to strengthen the factors of productiou. Twelve thousand miles of railways,, over which freight-laden trains are constantly speeding ; telegraph linos that make com- munication with any part of the continent a matter of a few hours at most ; protection and improvements to innumerable har- bours; countless reservoirs of water and artesian wells-those and other tangible and reproductive works leave no room for question as to where the money has gone or is likely yet to go. While England is being heavily taxed for what is Iier3 no longer, Australia is paying a legitimate price for what is now precious and certain in the futuro to be invaluable. Still it remains difficult to force tho justice of this comparison upon English publicists and financial organs. With tho Cassandra-like assistance of the typical " returned Australian," a species of guerrilla attack is ever recurring, and the Agents-General find that tho prejudices thus created seriously retard the prospects of a generous Trust Funds Bill. Many proposals of varying value havo been made in order to strengthen the hands of the colonies in this direction ; but until the advent of partial, if not complete, federa- tion, there is little hope of an unassailablo position being secured on tho London mar- ket. The idea of financial federation to secure the improved floatage of loans was warmly advocated at one time by Sir Thomas M'llwraith, and it has recently been rovived in a somewhat modified fashion by the Australian Trading World. The form now taken by tho proposition is that of the consolidation of a portion of the Australasian public indebtedness at tho rate of £10 por hoad of population into a federal 3 por cent consolidated fund, jointly and severally secured by the colonies in perpetuity. This it is considered would constitute an acceptable medium for invest- ment by trustees, aud the Times approves the suggestion as ingenious and as likely to present no difficulty in the way of its ful- filment. There is, however, little proba- bility of the schemo as formulated over being carried into effect. Upon a popula- tion basis tho plan would certainly relievo several colonies, but would affect others very little. A glance at the following table will show how disproportionately any bene- fit would accrue : Colony. Debt. C1 C~ ,S o o .g'.S oà illa fi O-S 8 J ?§?3 d'tgp, o--| Victoria £41,027,082 1,170,000 80 ¿11,700,000 N. S. Wales .. 47,018,719 1,170,000 40 11,700,000 Now Zealand.. 80,!>79,801 015,000 00 0,150,000 Queensland .. 28,105,0=1 420,000 07 4,200,000 S. Australia .. 20,190,850 820,000 G1 8,203,000 Tasmania 4,871,870 158,000 82 1,530,000 West Australia 1,1175,200 43,000 32 430,000 ¿180,109,8011 8,891,000 40 ¿38,910,000 The objection to tho schemo in its present shape thus becomes apparent. Queensland, with a railway miloago equal to that of Now South Walo3 or Victoria, would have barely more than one-third of the interest of either in the federal stock. Would it not bo more just to all to fix tho proportion for each colony at a percentago of the value of public works erected under tho loan expon - dituro ? Otherwise the loss settled colonies would bo placed at a further disadvantage. It is to bo hoped, however, that with im- provements acceptable to the whole of Australasia, tho proposal will "receive further attontion both in Engloúd^aild in the colonies. In England, beoauset the spread of kuowledgo upon colonial topics cannot but further our intorests ; and in the colonies, because it would be an immediate step towards ultimate federation. Tho third session of the tenth Parliament of Queensland will bo opened at noon to-day by his Excellency the Governor in person. Mem- bers of both Houses will assemble in their respectiva Chambers shortly before that hour, and ladies and gentlemen who hold cards of entree will be admitted to the Legislative Council Chamber at half-past 11 o'clock. Sir Henry Norman will leave Government House a few minutes before lía o'clock and drive to Par- liament House, where he will be received by a guard of honour formed of members of A Battery, Permanent Force. His Excellency will be conducted to the Council Chamber, and having taken his seat on the dais will reques; the attendance ot members of the Legislative Assembly, who, headed by the Speaker, will present themselves at the bar of the House. Having requested them to be seated, the Governor will read the customary Speech from the throne, after which he will return to Government House with his suite. The Head- quarters Band will be in attendance within the precincts of Parliament House; and a salute ot seventeen guns will be fired by the Brisbane Garrison Battery from the saluting battery, Queen's Park, at a few minutes before noon and on the departure of his Excellency from Parliament House. In the afternoon both Houses will meet at the usual hour, when, after the transaction of any formal business, the dis- cussion of the Address in reply will be entered upon. In the Council the proceedings at this stage are usually very brief; but in the Assembly advantago is always taken of the opportunity for airing any grievances which may have arisen during the recess. It is understood that in the Speech will be enumerated the following measures, which, amongst others, it is intended to deal with this session :-A Factories and Work- shops Bill, a bill for the protection of young girls, a Harbours Trust Bill, a bill enforcing the registration of bllls-of-sale, a District Courts Bill, a Married Woman's Property Bill, and a Lien Bill. Included in the matters to be brought forward soon after the opening of Par- liament will be the federation proposals, the appointment of delegates to tho Federal Con- vention, and measures to give effect to the postal proposals dealt with at tho reoent conference. It is believed that reference will be made in the Speech to the intention of tho Government to introduce a measure with tho view of making the Upper House an elective body, and it is understood that the Government proposo to continue the double endow- ment to local bodies for a further period. The Address in reply is to be moved in the Assembly by Mr. Callan, member for the Fitzroy, and seconded by Mr. Lissner, member for the Kennedy. A caucus meeting of tho members of the Ministry and their supporters was held in the Executive Council Chamber, Treasury Buildings, yesterday forenoon. All tho Ministers were present, and a largo number of their party; and telegrams were read from several other members intimating their inability to bo in town by to-day, but" stating that they would be iu attendance at the House within tho next few days. We understand that the principal business was the discussion of arrangements in connection with the opening of Parliament. Members of both political parties have been arriving in town during the past week, and it is anticipated that by tho end of this week thero will be but few absentees. A supplement to the " Government Gazette" was issued yesterday proclaiming the following publio holidays ;-The 27th instant, being the anniversary of the eight hours' movement, in Maryborough ; tho 3rd July, the day of the annual ploughing match of the Central Downs Agricultural and Horticultural Association, in Allora; tho 10th and 17th July, the days of the annual raco meeting of tho Normanton Jookoy Club, in Nor- manton ; the 17th and 18th July, being the days of the annual race meeting of the Eidsvold Jockey Club, in Eidsvold; the 15th August next, the opening day of the Laidloy Agricul- tural Show, in Laidley. It is notified that her Majesty has been pleased to approve of the ap- pointment of A. R. H. Piotzcker as Danish Consul at Brisbaue. An inaugural meeting of the Social and Literary Association was held last evening In tho Free Methodist Schoolroom, Ann-street. Thero '? was a. good attendance, and after an address by tho president,' the Rev. W. Osborne Lilley, an enrolment took place. Tho purpqses of tho association were stated to be the intellec- tual, moral, and religious improvement of the members. A satisfactory beginning was made, and the association bids fair to take an honourable placo among similar societies in ibis city. In summarising the balance-sheets of all the banks of issue doing business iu these colonies, the June number of the Australasian Insurance a ml Banking Record shows that tho aggregate assets and liabilities have reached the enormous total of £191,53G,238. Tho iuorcaso for the past three mid a-half year3 has been £10,779,509, which is indicative of a very rapid development of banking business in Australasia. Tho total amount received from the publio stands at £104,181,101; vvhilo that lent to the publio is £151,845,988, or an excess of the former over tho latter of £12,335,173. Out of the total deposits, which amount to £143,801,001, only £35,813,982 has been re- ceived- in the colonies, tho large balance of £108,017,022 having been acquired elsewhere, but chiefly in tho United Kingdom. In tho insurance department of the Record tho annual summary of the business transacted by Austral- asian Aro and marine insurance companies ocoupies the place of honour. Tho lossos mot with for 1889 amounted to £1,075,940, which is about tho avorago annual loss since 1882. The net premium income was £1,527,074, thus showing a surplus of £451,734, but as expenses amounted to £424,125 the underwriting gain was only £27,009. Tho present number of tho Record is replete with valuable information of interest to the banking and insurance profes- sions, and well maintains the high tone for which the journal has hitherto been distin- guished. A petition has been filed for the liquidation of the estate of John Callaghan, ot Brisbano, stockbroker ; total liabilities, £19,752. A meet- ing of creditors has been appointed to bo hold at tho oQlco of Messrs. Lilley and O'sullivan on 8th July, at 10.30 a.m. Tho departure of the A.U.S.N. Company's steamer Ranelagh for Sydney, which in tho ordinary course would have been yesterday after- noon, has been postponed until this afternoon at 3 o'clock to take passengers who havo not been able to obtain accommodation in the Bulimba, which also leaves to . day for Sydney. A meeting ot the Brisbano Barmen's Associa- tion was held at tho Eight-hours Union Rooms, Kent's Buildings, Adelaide-street, on Sunday afternoon. There were thirty-two members present, and Mr. M. Harding occupied the chair. The minutes ot tho previous meeting having been read and confirmed, correspondence was read from Mr. G. B. Cutbush, of the Treasury Hotel, in refereuce to discharging the president, Mr. Harding, from his em- ployment, 'and stating that his action in so doing was solely for the purpose of retrenchment, and that he was in no way actuated by opposition to the association. The following resolution was moved and carried, -"That Mr.Cutbusb's explanation is satisfac- tory, aud that the secretary communicate with Mr. Cutbush to that effect." A voto of thanks was unanimously passed to Mr. P. Roberta, of the Opora House Hotel, for his prompt and generous action in employing Mr. Harding. It was decidod, as the rules were printed, to forward a copy together with a circu- lar to each employer iu the city. After a lot of necessary business had been transacted with re- ference to organisation work, and after hearing the report of the delegate from the associa- tion on the Labour Federation, the meeting adjourned until next Sunday, at 3 o'clock. At Enoggera yesterday morning a rainfall of 0-08iu. had been recorded during the previous twe-nty-four hours, while the water level was Oin. below the bywash. At Gold Creek the rainfall had been 0-llin., and the level 1ft. Giu. below the bywash. Several members of the Wellington Point rrogres5 Association Committee had an inter- view with the Minister for Lands (Hon. M. H. Black) yesterday with reference to the resump- tion and proposed sale by the Government of a portion of the water reserve near tbe Birkdale railway station. After hearing the views of several members of the deputation the Minister made no defiuite promise to stop the sale, but stated that he would consider the matter. Mr. Stewart, engineer to .the Waterworks' Board, who for six weeks has been confined to' Ins bed with a malady which at one time threatened to bo fatal, is now convalescent, and will, it will please his friends to hear, resume his duties >n a few days. "rAt ^1,e^ity Polio° Court yesterday, before Mr. P. Pinnoek, P.M., William Taylor wig brought up charged with having committed perjury in connection with the Supreme Court case Gorrie v. Goldsmith. After Detective Henders had deposed to the arrest the accused was discharged. Mr. Woolcock, who appeared for the accused, applied for certain documents and cheques belonging to Mr. Goldsmith which were in the possession of the police, but Mr Pinnock declined to give them up. He pro- mised to allow Mr. Woolcock to take the num- bers of the cheques so as to stop them at the bank. The Sandgate Turf Club have arranged a programme of races to be run on their ground on Saturday, 9th August next, a copy of which will be found in the advertising columns of this issue. The events are :—The Trial Stakes of £25, Shorts Handicap of £30, Selling Race of £20, Nundah Handicap of £50, and the Welter Handicap of £20. It is notified that the nomi- nations for the Shorts, Nundah, and Welter Handicaps must be in by Tuesday, 22nd July and that the general entry and acceptances must be made on Friday, 1st August. From promises received the committee expect a very successful meeting. As will be seen by advertisement in another column the South Brisbane Musical Society intend giving a concert this evening in aid of their funds. This will be the society's last concert of the season, and it is hoped that the musical portion of the community will show their appreciation by their attendance. The various items of the programme have boea carefully chosen, and give promise of a concert which should prove quite as attractive as its predecessors. Most noticeable among the numbers are " The Vikings," "0, by rivers," "Now tramp o'er moss and fell," "Lullaby," aud " Farewell," the latter of which is unac- companied. These have received almost the solo attention of the society at their practices during the past few weeks. The usual meeting of the Young Women's Christian Temperance Union was held yester day afternoon in the Y.M.O.A. Hall. It was suggested, and the suggestion was carried out, that the sewing of this meeting and those fob lowing until the arrival of the Dorunda should bo devoted to the making of garments for the children of the Dacca immigrants. Mrs. Car vosso, tho superintendent, road a short but interesting paper on " Model Y Unions," and also addressed the members on the necessity of becoming thoroughly interested in the work in which they are engaged, and so making it a great success. There was a good attendance. The debate on Federation by the Brisbane Parliamentary Debating Society was continued last night by the members, in their rooms, Victoria Chambers. The chair was occupied by Mr. W. II. Chambers. Messrs. Gunner, Grice, and Hughes argued in favour of sending dele- gates to attend a Federal Convention, and Messrs. Hewitt, Shierlaw, and Moore in the negative. The debate was further adjourned till next meeting of the society. The Collector of Customs received a telegram yesterday morning from Barringun stating that a very high flood was reaching that place. The Custom-house had to.bs locked up and left for a few days. , No mails had been received from Brisbano for over a fortnight, and they were not expected to arrive for several days. The South Melbourno footballers journeyed to Ipswich yesterday by special train, which left Roma-street station at 11 a.m. On arriving at Ipswich Station thoy received a public welcome at Bernard Sinimonds's refreshment- rooms. They were then taken to Hooper's Boyal Hotel, and after a short rest were driven round the town. At 3.30 they mot the Ipswich team on the town reserve. About 2500 persons wero present on the ground. The Ipswich men played a very plucky game, but their opponents, who were too skilful for them, scored another victory by 10 goals 17 behinds to 5 goals 5 behinds. The Ipswich team played with a man short during|the first half, and the South Mel- bourno did likewise in the second half, owing to Windley having to retiro through indisposi- tion. In the evening the visitors were enter- tained at a smoko concert at Ham's refresh- ment-rooms, and they returned to Brisbane by special train which left at 10.30 o'clock. This afternoon the South Melbourne team will meet a combined Queensland team of twenty-iivo on the Breakfast Creek Sports Ground. Loose road metal droppod on the surface of the streets is a great danger at the present time to those who have occasion to ride or drive about the city. Yesterday tho attention of the inspeotor of the Society for the Preven- tion of Cruelty to Animals was directed by an omnibus driver to the injuries caused by » sharp stone which had been forced into the hoof of one of his horses. Tho horse was being driven along Stanley-street, when a sharp piece of bluo metal upon which the animal stopped was pushed into the hoof, causing a wound which bled freely and which will pro- bably disable the horse for some weeks. The inspector, Mr. Whiting, will take the matter up, and influences will no doubt be brought to bear to remove as far as 'possible this source of danger both to horses and their owners. In connection with the midwinter holidays oi the schools it is announced that the Aquarium will be open every day during the next three weeks, and except on Sundays," children under 12 years of age in charge of parents and guar- dians will be admitted free. Steamers do not, however, run on Wednesdays and Fridays. On week days special efforts will be made for the entertainment of the children. A list of special prizes to be given at the approaching inaugural show of the Queensland Dog and Poultry Society is published in another column. It is announced that the show will be held in the building formerly used as Peacock's jam factory, Petrie's Bight. For the information of mariners it is an- nounced that on and after the 24th instant the new lighthouse on Booby Island, at the wes ern entrance to Torres Straits, will be in use. The thirtieth Liedertafel concert will be held in the Centennial Hall to- morrow (Wednesday) evening. A well-selected programme has been drawn out. The solos are in very good hands, and all the performers, with one exception, are members of the society. The quarterly meeting of the Onward Bound Lodge, P.A.F.SlO.A., was held at the Alliance Hull, Woolloongabba, ou Friday evening last. Over one hundred officers and members were present. Sick pay to the amount of £6 10s. was passed for payment, and contributions w the amount of £50 13s. Cd. were received from members. Three new members were received into the lodge, one by initiation and two by clearances, and seven new candidates were pro- posed for initiation at next night of meetinc. The election of officers for the ensuing »ix months was then proceeded with, and resu'teJ as follows :-W.M., Bro. Shillington ; D.M., Bro. Higginbotham; secretary, Bro. A}le°| treasurer, Bro. Lange; chaplain, Bro. Moss; elders, Bros. Gay and Eberhardt ; guards, Bros. Fien and Akred; assistant secretary, Bro. ». Blocksidge ; P.M., Bro. Hoist. The annual closing-out sale previous to stock- taking at Finnev, Isles, and Co.'s will commence to-morrow (Wednesday), 25th instant. The whee of the ojien stock has been marked st cloeuig-ont prices, and genuine bargains will be offered in a" the departments. The prices »ill ^peak tot them selves.-fADST.l 