ITEMS OF WS. ? It was iintioed -iri our issue on Saturday that Mr Lionel P. Wells, Shire Secretary, of Maldon, had a chance of recovering from- the1 sevore iiijuries.hd sustained by being thrown from' his horse when? about alighting from it oti Sunday, tlie 17 th inst. ' A relapse, hotveve'r, occufred, aud Dr Woolley was telegraphed for on Satur day, but nothing could be done for the sutTerer, who expired ;a" little before one o'clock in the afternoon. : His lungs had been injured through a broken rib, arid pleurisy had set in. . He had been seen by Dr Hinehcliff, of Sandhurst, in addition to Dr Woolley and the local medical gentlemen, but all their efforts proved unavail ing. Mr Wells was one of the early arrivals in the colony, and was in partnership with Messrs Stacey and Grant in their quartz-crushing plant at Specimen Gully when thai; reef was so prolific in gold.. For a great many years he has been closely ideritified with" /Maldon, - taking part .in mining ventures,; and , being; .legal manager of mining companies, but h'e has 'been more especially, connected with the Shire Coun cil, where, his ! capacity for business? his sourid knowledge of: the Local: Government. Act, and. ;his clear judgment were' of i great, value :to: the, -CounciUors. He also took a lively interest in: military pursuits, and advanced from the ranks to the post -o| captain, which .he held up-to tlje; ?disbandment of the Mount Alexander Battalion- Volunteer (Greys.) .In private life he was much esteemed for his urbanity, his probity, and his unblemished life, .The- intelligence of his demise cast a gloom 'over! Maldon on Saturday !that is rarely equalled, for ho was always re garded as a pojver in all; public. movements, .and a favourite amongst tliose who had transaactions with him. ' . : ; : It is' reported1 that foxes are coirimitting; 'further depredations' iri the Muckleford district, 1 and that the farmers have already-lost a percent age of lambs. Poison is laid, arid a- few Ireynards have been killed by the bait. . , Muckleford lost one of its esteemed residents, Mr A. Trinkaus, on Saturday. He was well known as a successful cultivator of the vine, and has been awarded prizes at shows for his wines. He was also a horticulturist, and had many choice plants at his homestead. He had been complaining for some time prior to his death. Fitzgerald's Palace Circus, will arrive hero to- day, and perform in Market- qiiara in . the evening. . A mntince performance will be given to-morrow, and the troupe will make their, final appearance in tho evening. - The ' circus - has established an oxcollont reputation, and no doubt will bo accorded liberal patrotiago during their stay' in the towh. ; — ; A petty theft was cOmmittfc'd in the Market Reserve oil Saturday riicht? 'Mf J. M'Manus, of Barkers Creek, had left- his horse and. buggy in the reserve wliilst' he did some business? And on his return he found that one of tho lamps Vidirl 'Vtonki afnlnn " Th liblirirAfi? nu ,to be careful to sec that, no portable articles are left -'iii' the ' convoyhnoes11 when leaving. ' thorn .temporarily without anyone being in charge. Amongst the illfittrAtionS iri the June number of the Illustrated Australian News ' grp tho new city markets to, b'e' efectAd in Melbourne,, at a cost of L180,000, pri 't.ivp blocks of lAnd? along Flinders ; and Spenqer . streets ; tlio AYartip Creek.swainp, AYest Australia ; kaya-drinking at Suva ; a bush hawker; a likeness of Ernest Hutch'es'ori, the': Australian .-pianist,, now in. his lriH"19th:yea1r ;' and' Madamoi Sarah'Bernhardt. ; Op AVedncsday evening, a social and 'presen tation 'will ;be '.'iriadS' in St' Miiryis' Schoolroom ,to the Rev Father/Collins by ? the parishioners,/ As . a token of , tile' dsteepi' .in which the ; rev gentleniari jis .hpld. /.iind '.'alisq ' in 'recognition of the many valuable services 'rendered by him during his curacy in the payigh. % s'trong com mittee havo rieon (6ritrnsted with jthc. arrange ments for the gathering, and the secretarial; work ia beirig.carried- out by ?M?r J. Mabony. : , ; The praotico of throwing stones at and other, wise. injuring Ohinnmeridoes not, happily/ pre-- yail in the .district to' the Aame extent as it did- a few -years agp'. /; But At1 Chowt'ori during.tlio past ;f ew/daya?' sonio' iouths ' 'hayfe' li'eeri/! arii uAing themselves by "ill-'tl-cAfiiig th'if 'Clilnese/'.arid at1' .tho Police .Cpprt.op Rriflay t.wp.boyg' ;wer6,' lined1 for the offence. Tho Bench seyoy'elyjadiponjsjied the culprits, ? and the. . .police.? w ill eiercisp vigilance iri preventing a repetition? of : the pffenco.'i' .; '» r 1 -A ' visit .was paid-.to tlio-.Gasworks on Saturday morning by about forty members of tlio State- scHopl; scholarsLchemistry class af the School;6f Mines. Lately, the lessons have dealt with c0al: and'6ts> uses' and' properties, -and the prin ciples involved ; in the ' manufacture. oF.gns have been' explained to' the-'class. "As'a'result, tho boys. jyero.,ablo !to, , name and d,y?cribe the uses of .tliP \\\arious?'.p?arts??'pf apjiiira'tus/eiriplpyed in the? prpces?.' j .Some'; rutliless? ' night , pr'owierp ' l'ayo? jJrokeri d6wri,tw6;,olm , tree? jri j BarXeifept.-betjveqn Hunter and Parker?, streets,,:, (hat;. were uripro- tootedlby tree !guards. r If a .reward ., would bo an adequate motive to seoure th'eir npprehension, it should be offered 'to -havo them; punished according to their deserts.. In ornumontnl trees, pf this olass? . pride is - taken for their grateful'sliado in summer 'arid for.;their beauty in tho streets. ' : ! Our Guildford correspondent: writes Tlio four children of the late Mr Harry North will,1 owing to the death of an' aunt , iri England, re ceive L500 each. Mr North was an old resi dent of Guildford, and in great request by tho farmers for stack building, ris ho was an oxpert in that line. Ho wont to work in Gippsland, and while in the -field : fell? and expired from heart disease. His only words were, "It is all over." 'Mr North had a brother who died of the sape.ijisoaso jn the Sal,e. Hospital. The only surviving brother, supposed "to bo at Stawell, was also willed L500," During tho month of May the following donations wero made to tho museum of the School of Mines:— Mrs Peeler, emu egg; Mr James Shugg, vivianite ; Mr H. Ralneay, antimony ore, ATictorian cowry ; Rev R. O. Cook, Victorian and Tasmaniau porcupine ant- eaters, two species of trunk fish j Miss Brother- ton, six bats; Mr Billinghiirst, recent A ictorian shell : -Mr. E. Brill, confcreteon ; Mr AA. Phillips, thick-tailed gecko ; bandicoot from AVintera Flat ; Master Nolan, fossil wood ; tho Director, eighteen speciea, of recent > ictorian ?s hells ; Master Scptkpu,- lArge moth. A narrow csriape ' wAs experienced by -Mr Hill, a mining1 expert; froriv Sidney, when in- specting tho minb of the Chftrlptto Plains Co. AVheri iu a drive where tho meri were , rising,- :a; large boulder fell from the roof,, winch fof- itunfttely struck Qome timber, that stayed. jc3? -impetus, causing it to descerid.on Mr Hill; com-' lSafativdly lightly. The minor's hat ho liad on sAtcd his Head, but liii hands had some- skin stripped off. In tlio course of a few months he liurikisfes iriiikirig Another irispeclion of tile 'tiiirie- on behalf of Sydney shareholders, but as erratic; boulders seldom inake ail fcseape like1 'tlie orio noticed, lie cannot expect to have .ailptlier' such salutation. - , , 4 - v - The territorial revenue received. by the Lands; Department up to the 14th inst. wasL5lO,oi5. , The estiniate for tlio period was(?L48S, 788, , so that it- has been cxceeded by L21,787. .The anlount set down for tlio whole of "the year -was L542.550. ' 1 - r- /" ' : ' " ; The manager of thd Iris Downs statiort. irt Queensland writes to the New Zealand Loan Arid; Mercantile Agency' Coiripaiiy Liniited : — " I called . at Barcaldirie,. statioil ivheri rcturtjing- from Barcaldine. I never. saw bettet? w,6rk At a shed than that being , done by tho ; frco la bourers.". . " . A serious accident befel a minor-namod AVren, who is engaged in tbeNew Chum .Consolidated mine, Bendigo, on Saturday; He was working iri the shaft when the lander; accidentally let a piece 6f itou drop, and it fell down the shaft,-, striking AVrtiii oil the back qf-the head, render-' ing him insensible. Tho urifdrtiiriAte itian; was conveyed to the Hospital, where, on ' eiaminn- :Hon. .it. -was fnurid he had sustained a comtiound compressed fracture of the skull. No hopes are 'entertained of his reoovery. : ..There is now in, Adelaide a representative of. the ' Vestned' a daily newspapor published fin : Denmark, Mr Emil Opffer. / His passport is a ; very interesting document, Showing that lie has ; travelled all over the world. . The chief object of : his visit is to inquire whether there is an opening ; for Danish immigration. ' Mr AYright, the vice-- | consul for Deriinark, :has informed ..'hirii/ that, : ?uuder preierit conditioris, he docs' not think It desirable to encourage; the iinriiigration ofjfor- eigners. , ;:? ; : At the Tungamah Police Court oh Friday, he- fore Mr T. Carbarns, J.P., Thomas Toohey. was 'charged with the attempted- wilful murder of Mr J. H;1 Daley, manager of the local brarich'of the National Bank. 'After Mr Daley's statement' of the aflkir had been -heard, the" polioo AppliSd' for A remand. The presiding riiagistrate- Sug gested that the charge might.be altered to : one 'of malicious assault- with /intent to do; grievous, -bodily harm, but the" prosecutor ' declined to do (this, arid the prisoner was thereupon remanded. .Th'e affair.ia causing much/excitement throUgh- lout the district.:'' . ' 11 ' ia"' ';?'111? /? ;! ./Mr / Oswald; Bro'wri?;?'the?eminent "engirieSt,:: 'has beeri on a brief visit. ; to Soiith"Australia/at tlie. request of tlio .Government. ' He speaks of his three months' . stay, in the colony as having; 'been- most pleasant. About 10 days ago he went, to Melbourne; and Sydney. . H6: says that the jjforuier city has made rapid strides since" he last saw it, He iias/never'seeri a better 'system, of !tramways than that in Melbourne;/ -Tlie advance made by Melbourne/arid Sydney is very groat coriipared with /that ? of ' Adelaide?? He visited, Broken Hill arid- was .astonished' to'. ?find' suOh'a' large city there,- ' ; , ?- . .. ; A boy, named Aliciiael , Miilunihy. , was suf- 'foeated by gas'al his parerits'/residence, Darling- Ion, on Friday: /Early- iri -the -morning his j mother, attracted by k' strong smell of gas, went into tlio rootri /ivhbrS t-lib boy was sleeping With? his Aunt, ? .and fqutul them both in /an riri-; icoriscious, condition. .'?5l'edioaVasSistarice,wa? o,b'- . tained. The lvoriiari wiis brough't'fourid, but' Alii 'efforts to revive the lad were futile. 1 At the in quest it was proved that tho escape of gas was .due to tho fact 'that? the jchAndqjpQu tho room underneath the apartment ?iu wjiieh ttho £«- ceased1 slept was yoid df water, and that the gas !had ascended througli tho ornameuteUwork in ; tho ceiling above ; the?chari'delior. and througli ; the cracks' listwebri ! the flooring boards 1 'of tho ! room above, arid so filled the room? ' Before any ,evidenoe was .taken by tjie Qbari- ties Comniissiori ori Friday-iveotriiriuriication was read from .Mr H. Hi,-' Hayter, . Government .Statist, in reply to a letter sent him .'by Mr ? Julian -Thomas, secrotary of- the commission,- regarding' a-statement that had been made on a- , previous occasion, to the effect that a poor into ?of one' farthing in tho/ jjoupd por year 'would- be .sufficient to support fho 'cliaritable /'institutioris ;of this colony, . Mr HAyter pointed out. that. the iaiiqual v,aloeltof ratahle property in Victoria .In? il890 was L13, 265,543,' a penny rale on wtlch would.- result: in .LD5,270 boing raised., ; In his opinion the commission had based their calcula;; jtion on tlie total- ratable value . iiiatoad ofi the annual value. MrE. :L? Zox, MtL A. (the -chair man) said1 tliey had bnnde' that- mistake;- -and thought it would he' necessary to haye' a -pqnny ?rate on the anniia?l! value -qf all 'property 'in' 'Vic toria in order to' support all the'criarita'blb1 iristi- -tutions.. ; .'.//; /.t1? .?: ;? ?' '' '?' ,! At tlio Swan Hid ,Court.pf Betty,.? Sessions on P?hur8day, John:M!Kellar, aged' 14 years, ?lato a ?sortor and Ictter-carcierln the poat- oifico there, wns'prosecutod for larceny of a letter containing four one pound notes and a chequo for L2 Is' and four penny stamps;1' Inspector O'Oallaghari prosecuted. And Mr O'Brien dsfsnded the,1 pri soner. The letter mentioned wAs' posted ?/ iri "a private mail Hag at Narrung, arid was' sen! on' thence by,. ,th,e: Mildura ,to t?h(9 Rwari 'Hill tpail carrier, at whioh 'latter place tho bagp' jvei/e up-, locked and tio JMtors .sorted by the prisorier. (In sjtnmplngtthe. envelope with the date stamp the letter cracked, disclosing part of the notes. After' tho-busiuess of the pvuniug at .tlio poSt- joffioo was over the place was locked up, and1 it- prop, alleged ''that 'the aeeused, w.ho slop! on the preriiis'es ' mid had a key of tho office, came hjick into the office, .opened the letter, and comraitted' the 1 larcopy? The accused was1' cqmmittqd 'to. take his trial at Bendigo on June 11. ' ' 1 ; ' !_ Sir Henry Parkes, nddresaing a public meet ing. at Cooma on Friday night; spoke at some. Jdngth on tho federation question. ' He justified; jthe action of the Government in postponing the? diiio'ussion oil tho Federation Bill, because Mr jReid's amondinont had aroused a bad spirit 1 in the House, and tlio Government had good reason: to beliove that an irregular 1 discussion would have. boon carried .-on for tlireo weeks of a Jnonth. This would jlmvp rendered it almost impoesible-to carrylhe Local Government,, jiili. and tho Electoral -Reform Bill, two very im- porUnt measures, through all thoir stages this session, and time would havo beon wasted for no good purpose. AVhat thoy proposed to do would not have delayed the cause of federation, because they would have had to wait for tho other colonies to take action. lie claimed that tho Government .had token not only; « rational courso, buta just and patriotic ono? The Go- vernment bad an obligation thrust upon tliern to try and servo tho pressing olaiips of tho people of New South Walea, and these pressing olaima were pro-eminontly omliodiod in two measures to which ho had adverted. 1 A report from Yass states that a man, well- known iu the Yass and Binnlong districts, named Michael Crowe; and an old man named Riley, loft Paterson's wine shop, Tangmangaroo, tlie. other night for tho purposo of proririeding to Bendenme station, and being under the influence' of liquor and night coming on they' lost their way m Mr John Boulding's paddock, and de- cided to camp tot tlie riiShH! -.They kindled a fire arid canlped, OroWe lyliig/doas to the fire, and Riley a j'ard of' two aitAy. ' Aftor being Asleep goritfe time, CroWe-jmriped up, calling out tliat he was ablaze. Riley TllflliOd to his assis tance, and tried to drag tlio bufhing clothes from him, but at this timo the man was literally roasted, and his clothes embedded In his flesh, parts of his body being charred black. Riley then covered him up with portions of his burnt clothing, and cooeed for assistance, Mrs Mans field, of Tangmangaroo, ran down , and, .djd. all lain could' for tho unfortunate' triAri uhtil Mr BoulditiK and his sons arrived, when word wbb sent to Air Davidson, Bendonine, who at once ;had the niari sent to tho Yass Hospital; 'Every thing possible . was , done, , but ho succumbed to His fearful injuries. At tlio inquest tho jury re turned a verdict of death from burns ' inflicted accidentally.: .: 