I THE NORTHERN TERRITORY. [By Telegraph.] Port Darwiu. Mav 28. The Tsinan arrived oil Tuesday front southern ports. Passengers—Messrs. Parkes, Elphick, Monck, and Reid. She sailed on Wednesday for Hongkong. Passengers—Mr. Bakewell, two Japanese, and seventeen Chinese. The gold ex ported by the Chinese is valued at £2.000. Tit Palmerston and Pine Creek Railway earnings for the week ended 23rd amounted to £350. The arrival of Mr. Parkes, the In spector of Mines, has inspired confidence, and hopes are entertained that his visit will result in a new impetus being given to the mining industry in the Territory. From Pine Creek the following are the results;—From Chinese tributes on Gash's Claim, 290 oz. from 28 tons of quartz; 48 oz. from 32 tons. At Brock's Creek Claudius crushed 15 tons of surface for a yield of 25 oz. In this district and at the Fountain Head adjoining there is •wonderfully increased activity. The older fields are being deserted in favour of the new ground. Another leper has escaped from the Leper Station. Those remaining say that his escape was assisted by country men in a boat. The Weathks.—At 9 p.m. on Friday Mr.. C. Todd, the Government Metcorlogist, in formed us that, as bearing out his forecast on the morning of that day, he had just heard that the weather was cloudy and threatening north of Alice Springs to Eucla and Streaky Bay. Alice Springs reported the weather as stormy, and Charlotte Waters that rain was ■ falling. A little light rain had also fallen at Eucla. ■ Leigh's Cbeek Coal.—Mr. G. Goyder, jun., Government Asaayer, furnished the Commis eioner of Crown Lands on Friday afternoon with the following analysis of a sample of brown ooal from Leigh's Creek Bore, taken from a depth of 1,612 ft. 6 in.:—Volatile hydro carbons, 23'90; coke (ash deducted), 39*94; ash,ld'll; moisture, 21*06. Non-caking; ash moderately white. Inoculation Against* Pleueo-Pneumonia ■—Some time since, at the request of Mr. Daw-, son, of near Robe, the Chief Inspector of Stock obtained some virus from Brisbane for the pur pose of inoculating cattle against pleuro pneumonia. Tubes , were forwarded by the Chief Inspector (Mr. Gordon), and two calves of Mr. Dawson's were inoculated with the virus. On one animal the operation was unsuccessful, but from the eeoond calf * quantity of pure virus was obtained, and 359 cattle have been successfully inoculated. This is the first time the treatment has been tried in South Australia, though it has been followed with good results in Queensland for some time. A Danish Tea velleb.—There is now in Adelaide a representative of the ilfesttwd,? a Danish daily newspaper, in the person of Mr. Emi1 Opffer. His passport is quite an in teresting 'document, showing .that he has travelled all over the world. Starting from Copenhagen, he toured Europe and America, and from' Bangkok, the capital of Siam, he <ssane to Adelaide. He has called on the Vice Consul for Denmark (Mr. Frederick Wright); and has informed him that the chief object of hie visit is to enquire as to whether there is an opening for Danish immigration. Mr. Wright informed Mr. Opffer that under present condi tions be did not think it would be advisable to 