THE WEEK. The Victorian Parliament lias been, further pro rogued till Jane 23. Lady Hopetotot returned to Melbourne on Tues day from her visit to England. H.M.S. HoYAiiiBT, on a cruise to the islands, and -H.M.S. Lizard left Farm Cove last on Wed nesday. SlE Geoege Grey addressed a crowded meeting jjithe Centennial Hall on Tuesday evening upon the question of plural voting. A bhaep shock of earthquake was experienced at XJiTorroo, South Australia, on the morning of the 21st instant. The Congregational Union has memorialised the Government to take steps to prohibit glove fights in Sydney. The Government Statistician estimates the popu lation of the colony at 1,140,000, exclusive of Chinese and other aliens. -. . The Egv. Mark Guy Pearse lectured before a large audience in the Centennial Hall on Monday, frig subject being ' How I became a teetotaller.' It has been decided to hold ' a race meeting on June 15, at Randwiok, for the purpose of raising funds for a testimonial to Mr. De Mestre. \- The Labour Commission held its final meeting on the 22nd, when the report and recommendations to be submitted to Parliament were revised. About 130 navvies have 'been enrolled in the Jjithgow branch of the Navvies and General jLabburers' Union. The Government has decided to, erect a tem poraiy wooden bridge from Newcastle to Bullock Island ata cost of £3500. T^t-. Bbuoe Smith, Minister of Public Works, has sanctioned the calling of tenders for the con struction of the Marrickvills-Burwood-road rail way. Theee was a large attendance of visitors at the Governor's levee in honour of the Queen's Birth day -which -was held at Government House on Tuesday. A boaed Jias been appointed by the Governor in Cotincil of Victoria to inquire into the conduct of the QueonEcliff lifeboat crew on the occasion of the recent wrecks. It is reported thata man named George Hewitt, who ias . been 'living iii. a destitute state near Bingara, has won TattersalTe £10,000 consultation on the Birthday Cup. The ' QueSnV birthday military and naval review took -plaoe at - Moore Park on Monday, and was witnessed by an exceptionally large gathering. ' ? ' A lunatic was on Wednesday apprehended at Government House, Melbourne. Heinsisted upon ieeihg the Gbvernor, as lie waela^ouring under the liallucliLatiOn that hehadbeta sentenced to death. The railway ? traffic on Monday -was very heavy end severely taxed' the official staff. ^ The returns show that some 47,()55passengerB were carried over fche various lines, as against 31,590 for last year. . Repoets from the Islands state that affairs axe quiet. H.M.S. Cordelia left Apia for Fiji on the 15th instant,, to convey Sir J. B. Thurston to Tonga! . The JVemier aud Lady Parkes on Monday enter tained 'the lads of the training-ship Vernon ata feast at Hampton, Villa, Baljmaan. His Excellency ihe Governor was present. . The report of the -superintendent of the Vernon shows that sinCe its establishment, slightly over 24 years ago, 2500 boys had passed through the ship. . ..... ; . On the aftemoou of the 22nd an outbreak of fire occurred in Tattersali's Hotel, Broken Hill. . One man, who was sleeping on the premises, was burned to death, and anotherwasterribly injured. \- The annual regatta of the New South Wales Rowing Association was held on th-? Parramatta Biver last Saturday afternoon* HisExoellency the Governor waB;present. .. - , \- The tender of Messrs., Wishart and Sons, for the construction of a new bridge across the Lachlan Biver, near Cowra, has been accepted, at a cost of £25,267. ; . ' Eabiy on Monday morning a fire broke out in Connolly's store, Peak Hill, -and. resulted in the £otal destruction of the bpilding and its contents. ^The loss isestimated at £1500. A btobekeepeh near St. Mary's, named Barnes, 'was fined £30 at the Penrith Police Court on Tues day for sly grog-selling, and all liquors found upon his premises were ordered to be confiscated. Ik the Legislative Assembly on Wednesday afternoon, at the conclusion of a Ministerial state- . anent by Sir Henry .Parkes, notice of a direct want of confidence motion was submitted by the leader of ihe Opposition, Mr. Dibbs. Jix ,an inquiry held on the 22nd into the circnm stances surrounding the origin of . the recent fire at. Wollongong, an open verdict wasxeturned. - The man Thomas Cocoraae, sunder arrest on suspicionof iiioanf}iariHrnJ mm : A'yousq woman', named Frances Clayton, nlinn Kennerley, was on Tuesday, at Newcastle, com mitted to take her trial at ihe Quarter Sessions on 'a charge of having abandoned a female infa.™* at Hamilton onthe ISth instant. Thbough the capsize of a sailing boat on Lake Haoqnarie, on the evening, of 'the 20th a child, son of Mr. Frederick Brunker, and his motherin law, Mrs. Claydon, were drowned. Shortly before 6 p.m. on the 2lBt a collision occurred near the Eveleigh railway tunnel between an up goods train from the South Coast line and a ** light' engine, engaged in shunting, in which the driver of the former, Robert Bertram, was killed. A destructive fire, broke out in See and Co.'s produce stores, Belfast (Victoria), last Saturday afternoon. All efforts to stay its progress were futile, and the building with, its contents was totally destroyed. The barque Moltke, which left Townsville a few weeks ago for Rockhampton, went ashore during heavy weather upon the Barrier Reef, westward of Cape Bowling Green. The captain and portion of the crew have arrived 'in Brisbane, and report that upon leaving the vessel die was half full of water. Tub little girl, Ariel iratton, who 'wae admitted t6 the Sydney Hospital on the 20th inRfemfc, ' suffering from severe burns about the face, limbs, and body, died in that institution on the following day. The Townsville State Orphanage 'was burned to the ground shortly after noon on Monday. Fortu nately, nearly all the children belonging to the institution were absent at a picnic at the time of the outbreak. Eajjxy on Monday morning a number of unem ployed robbed a baker's cart, which was standing in Crown-street, Surry Hills, near tothe Reservoir. The owner of the cart witnessed the robbery, tut was unable to get his property restored. Theee shearers named Walbrick, William Smith, and Frederick Smith, were on the 21st sentenced, at , Adavale, Queensland, for intimidating free labourers. The first-named was ordered to be imprisoned for eight months and the others for three months. Edwaed Mibamb, late postmaster at the office in the new Treasury-building at Melbourne, was charged at the Water Police Court on the 22nd, with having embezzled the sum. of £75, the pro perty of ihe Victorian Government. Mr. T. K. Abbott, S.M., the presiding magistrate, remanded accused to Melbourne. The arrangements in connection with the Inter national Exhibition, to be opened in Tasmania in November next, are rapidly progressing, and there is every probability of Great Britain, France, Germany, and other European countries being largely represented. Ample space has been re served for New South Wales exhibits. At the usual meeting of the Executive Council held on Tuesday, a petition was received from the Danish Consul, signed by a number of influential men, praying for the reprieve of Lars Peters Hansen, who was Convicted of murder at the Dubbo Circuit Court, and is now under sentence of death, After careful consideration, the Executive saw no reason to alter the sentence. TTth Excellency the Governor was waited upon last week by the principal officers of the Ancient Order of Foresters, and on behalf of that body presented with an address of welcome. In reply, Lord Jersey expressed his belief that benefit socie ties were teaching great lessons of providence and, goodwill, and said he hoped to have an opportunity of attending some of the meetings of the Fores ters. Last Saturday morning Mr. Coghlan, the Govern ment Statistician, was enabled to give an approxi mately correct reBult of the census taken on April 5\. According to calculations so far completed, the population of New South Wales is, exclu sive of Chinese, 1,134,207, or 616,008 males, and 518,199 females. Compared with the population of the colony in 1881, this gives an increase of 204,859 'males, 177,880 females, or a total increase of J 382,739. To the 1,134,207 must 'be added 13,123 jChinese, making a total of 1,147,330. ' On Tuesday Sir Henry ParkeB laid On the table of the House a . return from Mr. G. F. Wise, Agent for Immigration, showing the number of immi grants admitted to New South Wales dining 1890. Of the 376 who arrived during that year all were nominated in the colony, They consisted of 187 individuals above 12 years, and 189 under 12 years of age.' Operations under the regulations were confined to . the nominations of wives and their children by husbands resident in the colony. The 376 arrivals were equal to 279. adults. There were 55 single men, 132 wives and single women, and 189 children under 12 years of age. The amount paid in the colony on account of cost of passage was £847, the amount paid to the Agent-General in London was £29, making a total of £876. 