®nimb0. Races. Sultry. Cloudy. Theatre. No silks. Garner's. Exhibition. . Federation. Old Course. Threatening. Kinetograph. More like rain. Polioe pay day. Trade nuisance. Oroya at Albany. Steeplechase Day. 1891 is 150 days old. Organ recital at 8 p.m. Three Q.C.s, and no more. Picturesque Atlas litigation. Old- Sir Henry on the etump. Go to the Theatre and laugh.. On Monday " The New Rush. Barometer at noon to-day, 29*91. Block 14, week's run, 28,323 oz. . Garden hints for June on page 6. Block 10, week's run, 78,614 «e. "Australia and the Motherland." Proprietary, week's run, 179,823 oz. Moor trouble—« good 'mount of it. Mr. Todd thinks the rain is coming. Medindie v. Adelaide (Kensington). A chat with old Tom Coward on page 3. . Prayers for run with a falling barometer. A shearing difficulty for South Australia. . A nephew of Stuart, the explorer, is dead. Pretty Howe-do-you-do in political circles. Miss Hack's concert takes place on June 17* Retrogressive land-taxers may, take a back seat. Sydney is exhibiting sisterly love to Ader laide. Port Adelaide v. South Adelaide (Ada*, laide). Thebarton manure case before the Polict Court. Hugh Kalyptus on Jack the fighting kftB* garco. Cheesemaking at the Industrial Exhibition to-day. Alleged nuisance at Torrenside to be abated. Mr. R» J. Rigaud tunes up the Mount Moot people. A "light" accident at Kilkenny railway station. . . Master and mate of Glamis had a narrow squeak. .- Names of football players in to-day's -match on page 8. Archbishop Croke has been croaking about Home Rule.. . Bo ss Parkes is altering his tactics about th« Federation Bi 1. Adelaide has a majority vote on the June* tion Directorate. Mr. Todd has a keen weather-eye open—" that's something. - Prospect of another lively contest in tht Southern District. Report of Jack the fighting kangaroo before Pater in "Echoes." . Four Adelaide men appointed Directors on the Junction Mine. Mifis Corpwell lives. She has a dock scheme for Pork Adelaide now. \- ^The pugilieftic marsupial sent to tbe Indus* trial School till sixteen. Victorian railway employes are trying to bogs the Commissioners. Estimated cost of railway from'Sydney to Cockbura is £1,168,000. Without popular enthusiasm federation will be a delusion and a snare. . A nephew of the late John McDouall Stuarfc died in-Sydney ontthe 19 th. - • > • ... .Branch School of Mines and- Industries established atPort Augusta. Sound P»» Matthews has been appointed Manager of the Junction Mine. . Prime Ministers eannoi agree as to how to bring federation before the people. It is a dangerous praotioe to hold meetings in other than the advertised plaoe. \- Marine Board .found that the stranding- o£ die Glamis waa the result of negligence. \- -Messrs. W. -R. Wilson and A. Campbell have been elected Directors of Block 10. . A Danish traveller to South Australia is advised that immigration is not popular. Sun rose at 6.59 a.zn.; sets at 4-53 p.m. Moon set at midnight; pises at 1L30 p.m. If that rain does not come to-day, we musk make an example of the weather prophets. Sara Bernhardt's attendance at the Theatre is as good as a small fortune to the treasury. An importation of' skilled' Danish dairy hands would be a blessing to South Australia. The limits put upon colonial borrowing may spoil the ardour for the Sydney to Barrier railway. Union shearers are going to stay at homeand bund their own business in this colony this year. What we vrant 'after the telephone and phonograph is not a kinetograph, but a kind* graph. An Act to be applied for to enable Mitcham Tram Company to lay 'duplicate line as far as Unley. ' The Parliamentary "Works Committe, Syd« ney, has given a massive exhibit of special pleading. We have the railway, the ~trade, and the natural advantages -for it in connection with the Barrier. Tbe advantage of appealing to the people about federation is that it stimulates interrsfc in the subject). Before getting a railway from Sydney to Broken Hill, there .will be a great run on the patriotic Bank. . Two memorial tablets to be erected in Kent Town Church—one to Mr. J. D. Bone and the other to Miss Knight. Minimise the cost and magnify the possible receipts—that's how to get a railway from Sydney to the Barrier. New South Wales conceives it . to be a national duty to cut South Australia's throat for the sake of the Barrier trade. Proposed improvement of North-terrace^ Kent Town, to be reported on, and then the Treasurer will say how much he will oontribute. FAX.—"Whither are we drifting?" There is nothing new in this interrogation, though as our only F.C. would say it might perplex a pusillanimously pugnacious provinoiatist who was obnubiated by its penumbral umbrageousness to discover its origin. . But listen. The Jacobin Club originated, in a secret society of about forty choice spirits, who me.t in the Hall of the Jacobin Friars at Paris to discussand disseminate the virtues of certain political nostrums that were to cure ail the social ills that flesh is heir . to. And the question, "whitherare we drifting,"was debated with constantly increasing animation night afternight, as the choicest Bordeaux was satisfactorily stowed away. By-and-by the club became so large that branches were establisbed in various parts of Paris and in tha principal towns of the kingdom; and still the cry was reiterated " whither are we drifting." Well, U C these Jacobins had a. powerful influence upon the deliberations of the National Assembly, they were avowed enemies of monarchy, aristocracy, and Christianity, and they supplied many of the combustibles that eventuated in that tremendous explosion—"The Reign, of Terror." They were suppressed u» 1794. 