Australasian. H.M.S. Cura<joa left Auckland for Sydney last week. Poor prospects for the labour party in N.S. ty. election. Floods in the Fitzroy River. Nearly all the fharves at Brisbane were submerged. Mr. James Mackay, one of the commis sioners of native land laws in New Zealand, is dead. The Auckland unionists are agitating against the steamship companies' mutual benefit society. Mr. John Jarrick, of Browns Plains, dropped dead while working about his garden last Saturday. Tasmania ia to be " exploited" by the " per sonally-conducting Cooks" during the Launces- ton Exhibition. The S.A. Government intend to connect the reservoirs of Beetalo by light steel pipes, to be made in the colony. The Queensland shearers have come an awful cropper, and the strike collapse is complete. Always said it would end this way. A. Bawtree died in the Sydney Prince Alfred Hospital while under chloroform last week. He was suffering from cancer in the jaw. New South Wales is having a rowdy election time, but the pleasure of rotten-egging the Coloniel Treasurer seems to have grown stale. The Stock Exchange of Adelaide has struck Junction North shares from the list, and asked the directors if they will validate the forged scrip. The Queensland Government have declared the lugger Pearl King and the goods recently seized by the customs at Thursday Island, con fiscated. The boat Lotus, belonging to a ketch owned at Port Adelaide, was lost from Beach/part three weeks ago, and has ainc9 been found on the Victorian coast. The Danish Consuls in Australia are quite agreed in advising an immigration of their countrymen to Australia. Danes would be at a discount here speedily. Bishop Selwyn's health has shown steady improvement during the last three weeks. He was about that time reported to be lying at death's door in Norfolk Island. At Goondi, the largest sugar plantation in Queensland, 3,200 acres are under cultivation, and the cane crop is looking well. The estimated output is 6,000 tons of raw sugar. Directors of the Junction North Mine are taking counsel's opinion as to the company's legal position in relation to the forged share certificates which have been put in circulation. The Government of West Australia has granted an honorarium of £100 to Dr. Wollas- ton, of the Melbourne customs, in recognition of the service rendered by his report on the customs. Mr. Mugleston, ex-member of the Tasmanian Parliament, has petitioned against the return of Mr. Thomas Dillon for Brighton, on the f rounds of bribery, corruption, and undue in- uence. At Adelaide, R. H. Tuckwell was committed for trial for criminal libel by representing that one Howitz, an insurance agent, had fraudu lently induced three persons to insure in his society. Mr. Wain wright, general secretary of the A.N. A. in Victoria, writes to Sydney that the Melbourne directors will take definite action with regard to the draft Federation Bill on the 24th inst. The labour harquentine May arrived from the South Seas at BundabiErg with 85 boys for the Fairy-Mead plantation. One of her sailors had become insane, and was so violent that he frightened further recruits off. Mr. A. B. Wright, contractor for the Wynd- ham telegraph line, West Australia, claims £4,000 damages from the Government for delay in supplying the wire, and supplying a bad Article at that. Case under arbitration. A " Free Speech League" has been formed in Sydney for the summary ejection from public meetings of all rowdy interrupters. This is the most cheering thing that has been reported from New South Wales for a long time. Barque Meridian, from Mauritius, grounded last Sunday morning when a brisk south westerly breeze was blowing, off Gray's Point, Adelaide. Three tugs spent the whole afternoon trying to get her off, which 'she did with the" flood-tide. The Queensland Government will provide travelling rations for such of the striking shearers as choose to leave the " starvation" camps to search for work. Some of the louder- mouthed strikers declare that they will go to gaol as vagrants first. V. L. Solomon, member for the Northern Territory, has passed a good examination before the Adelaide Insolvency Court, and has been awarded a second-class certificate. He will take his seat in the Assembly now, for he was an uncertificated insolvent when re-elected. The Lord Howe Islanders are resolved that their pretty and isolated little spot of green on — — - — - — : — — — — ; nas the bosom of the blue Pacific shall not be con taminated by the ofisoourings of Sydney's gaols. The N.S.W. Government proposed to build a gaol on the islSnJ, but the islanders, fifty families all told, rise cn masse,and prevented the landing of the material. The action of the N.S.W. Government against Milson and others, in reference to a block of land at North Shore, has resulted in a verdict for the plaintiff with nominal damages of 40s. The defendants had not proved con tinuous possession for 60 years. West Australia is going to hold an " inter national exhibition" on the same economic basis as that with which Adelaide celebrated her jubilee in 1887. The Government are to give a grant for the building, private enterprise is to do the rest, and, presumably, exhibitors will be charged for space. Sir Thomas Elder's contribution of £5,000 to the Antarctic expedition is still available if heiB assured that the £15,000, which it is proposed to raise, woold be sufficient for the thorough , equipment of the party. Count Wachmeister, a Swedish nobleman, has been actively pro moting the interests of the expedition in Adelaide, The astute Sir Henry held a great meeting in the Gaiety Theatre at Sydney on Sunday night. He was applauded to the echo, and " fetched" his andience most unmistakably when he told them that if provincialism of feeling burked the Commonwealth Bill, Sydney would for ever lose the glorious opportunity of becoming the federal capital of Australia. Curious kind of mare's nest that charge of bribery, hatched by the immaculate Higgs of socialistic, protectionist, and work-man's candi dature fame. It seems, according to his statement, that the protectionist party though it worth £150 to get him off their party ticket. But, one and all, they deny the placing of such an extravagant value on the political oblitera tion of the great Higgs. Curious that the striking shearers, who a few months ago were threatening revolution and denouncing the Queensland Government with all the fluent fervour of Billingsgatish voca bulary of a M'Elhone, are now asking it to treat them with the paternal warmth that the re pentant prodijgal son received. They beg for work ana rations now, but then they profess that they are not penitent. 