LOCAL NEWS. A MRCT1NU of the Pastoral and Agri cultural Hoolety's committee was held yesterday afternoon, those present being Messrs, Hatton (rhair) Gibson and Perry. The meellug was of minor imporlaum-, iiesliug ouly with particulars In connec tion with Ibe forthcoming Show. Amongst the correspondence were letters from the Governor and tli« Premier, re. grelliug their Inability to be present ai j the Show. Atinlinaiinns wereieeelved iti . connection wiiit f «rde-showe, but they were left to the ground committee, and It was decided to put the 'honllis' up for auction The committee determined to write to the Commissioners asking tliem to give dun publicity to the proposed exourslou from Brisbane lo Maryborough and Buudaherg to Maryborough lu con nection with the Show, a remark buiug thrown out that no small pains bad hsvu taken to attract Maryborough people to Brisbane by posters and advertisements over the National Association's Show. After g'ling Into tho question of judgeB, the meeting dispersed. The Brisbane Exhibition appears to have been an unqualified ^uncas, alike In the excellence and variety of the ex hibits und the enormous attendance. Yesterday's Courier only add. a few more words on exhibits from this district, which areas follow In bay and chaff— oaten, wbeaten. and lucerne — It would be Impossible to Hud hetter samples any where than those submitted by farmers of the Warwick, Bsenieigb, Maryborough, and Laidley districts. . . The Queens land Smelting Company, Aldershot, ex hibit some line specimens of copper ingots, slug (high grade), aud copper matte. They also exhibit the quantity of gold aud silver which bad been con tained in on' bar of lead bullion. This company also give .m illustration nf the manner in which ores are treated. Other Interesting exhibits in thiB section are onicksilver. obtained from TCilhfvan. specimens of gold ivnd bismuth bearing ores from tbe Biggenden mine, aud samples of gold from tbe Paradise gold field, and from Berrie nnd Patterson's No. 1 West Mungo mine. The juvenile competitions in connec tion with the approaching .Show were held in tbe Central Schools on Saturday afternoon last, aod more tban 150 scholars put in an appearance. The judges present were Mrs. Harper, Miss Martin, and Messrs, Jas. Thomson aud A. E. Kemp, while Messrs. Bocks, Still, James, and Rreeo acted as stewards. Some very creditable work was got through in the course of about three hours, including singing, recitatiuu, dic tation, arithmetic and composition. Some of the Benior scholars competing were so evenly matched tbat a second competition will ha necessary. This Is to coiue oft to morrow, when some more I difficult problems and severer tests nf orthographic ability will be submitted to the youtbs and maideus in question, wbo bail from both Grammar and State Schools. Biohtkbn immigrants by tbe s.s. Jelunga arrived bere yesterday by tbe Ranelagh ; 8 single girls wenton to Bun-' daherg, 3sin«ie girls went toGympie to friends, and 2 more are open for engage ment at the depot. Amongst tbe uutu ber is i Danish family going to frteuds at Pialba, the bead of whom is a cigar maker— a real expert. He intends com mencing tbe industry anearly as possible, even if he bas to purchase imported leaf. This is a fine opening for our farming friends to make a new and lucrative de parture from the corn-cum-sugarcane growing, that bas kept our farming com munity poor so long. At the Police Court -yesterday morn ing, before G. L. Lukin, E?q., P.M., Alice Lilly Geyger pleaded guilty to drunkenness ou the previnua day in Fort s:reet. His Worship said that it was no use for him to say anything to tbe de fendant, aitbougb it was the first time he had seen ber there, but he bad experi enced a lot of trouble over ber. The de fendant was hned £2, iucludingcab hire, with tbe option of a week's imprison ment. We draw Bttentiou tn tbe advertise ment nf tbe Brisbane Lledertafel, wbo aunounce tbat their third grand concert will take place In tbe Centennial Hall, I Adelaide street, Brisbane, on August 2Stb. It will be tbe finest coucert of tbe year, and it is anticipated tbat tbe officers of tbe Australian squadron will attend It. The aflair is under the patronage of the Governor aod party, and altogether a most fashionable and thoroughly enjoy able concert may be looked for. T HE Presbyterian Cburcli will no doubt he crowded to-nlgbt to enjoy the selec tions from ''Judas Macoabteus' to be I given by tbe choir, wbo bave been In bard practice for some, time past. The I selections bave been well chosen, aod the organ as well as tbe choir will be beard to advautage. At Intervals during tbe eveulng tbe Rev. J. I. Kulpe will de scribe Ihe life and times of Judas Maccabsc js. Tue performance of tbe Uegimental Bind in tbe Botanic Gardens last night attracted a very large crowd, and tbe beautiful moonlight nigbt and tbe excel lenL music were very enjoyable. Tbe baud played a number of selections in good style, and added to tbeir reputa tion. Entries for tbe P. aod A. Society's Show closed last nigbt aod are very numerous iu most sections, but tbe exact numbers are not ascertained yet. An interesting lot nf exnibits now shewing in the Brisbane Exhibition will be sent ou to our Sbow next week. The weekly Petty D.tbts Court was held yesterday, before Q. L. Luklo, Esq., P.M., when only one case was adjudi cated. viz. M. O' Regan v. Lynoh. goods sold £6 lOi.64. ; verdict for plaintiff, with 5'. costs of court. Four other cases were withdrawn. IT is grutnying lo note these times that our industries are mostly busy. Tbe sawmills and foundries are very busy, and likely to remain 80 l»r some time, while the sugar mills aod collieries are now in lull swing. This committee of tbe Albert State School are about to make their annual appeal to parents for funds to keep the school grounds Id order. The monthly meeting of the Marybo rough Cbatubur of Commerce, to have been held yesterday aflernoou. lapsed for want of a quorum. Sir Wilvkid Lawson said rather a good iblog In connection with the Ger man Emperor's recent defence of duel ling and beer drinking t 'If these Institu tions are to be tbe pillar of tbe German Dation, tbe national flag might corns to be known as the 'Soars and Swlpea.' 