Australasian. Queensland Parliament meets on 30th June. La France, toe largest sailing ship afloat [?] . n. cmaw vm HMjn _ nhauibrt Iqr toe % 11100 l'Ste fitomt Agrieoltorel SocMy tiWWT tolMsWBtori tolrtti WW ftottoi reina ln toe Maokay tolihti ousmtij a parfedUpagagand tugarwsne fTnlsnJlailimllTrTi'l Psuh Vj in hi us to snot that wffl seat VmrtrillBi triad tsTsgjgaj0 eetianwito MaBMazae by Agto wire and famed ft a snooma. MshanA Ouatom woaiplt far May stow a daoreaaa, m doito feeganeocatzwvenna rotoxna. Strike reaponande, . Dr. Qrenwrilaaya tit toe asylum can be elleefaiatiy SsJDttstrt WUMUl first polffng fi down. Serioaa dtohtoerin outbreak at Gayndah. ?»"« aathmyra wTj to send up nureee, Mr. L. P. Walls, aecretaxy the MaMoa Shtoa, has snneuaibrt to the in juries he reoeatiy reeaoved by a toff fnaa Ids hozae. South Australia aapparis Victoria's protest agahxstthe eendiag sua of toe Anstrelism fleet md TVnres Straits leiteail of Albany. Tazalgon Agriculturel Sedety proposee to spend £& on an eti printing of its lately- deceased prerident, Mr. Dsgald Caa«en. Bar, Charles Clark's lecturing season at toe Athenssum dosed on Saturday night. He gives a few more lectures in toe suburban K««. The New Zealand Minister of Lahds (Mr. J. M'KenzIe) tells his constituents that the policy of the Government is a policy of no borrow ing. Last Sunday a man was seen to jump off toe South Head Cliffs, Sydney. His body was afterwards seen floating in the sea, but only his hat was recovered. The Wist Australian states that Mr. Yuill, manager si the Orient Company, is considering too advtielty of making Fremantle a portdt ,Til0SSS®,l?lea.r5fltKnS time efiiL Vtotorfa'b ptaral average up to date is much below par, and South Australia antici pates aaethar drought. jytik Walei revonco shows an increase pf £MB6 tor Mm, By all aeoounts Sir Henry Farkta nwds ril toa rerii ha o&a; get to keop things getog re tha oolony. e Georgtoowajninats have struck because tocfrpay has been redneod to £3 lte. a wtek ; t® Brebsn Mill Oeobil Sttver-utodng CmapaY basfteoticalfy AlOAfil to credit, and an evsreraft d 13,625 attEiliutodto toe areata not bring Immediately realisable. whether there is an opening for Danish im migration. The answer » "No," The seasonable crop of football fractures is coming on well. On Saturday at Ararat Mr, BusseuDoldham, a solicitor's cle», had fate leg broken in a match against Stawell, Mr. James Swan, M.L.C.j of Queensland, a BSmmwewinm''1 1 ' " ' — — the UtoMngoldfleldv. 'Hwy in tetegiajh to> mlaOu ieri>nemt medleatoffloar. iih. wr it. rtwii. Itlhi.. and Mb fhttano, 3 toe ueiMMfc and Milduza ixxagation ri, The Wmt AustaEns mopose to bold an fBtooatiomu » Perth ms3y next year. The Government are wiffing to granta subsidy, to be applied towards the erection of a Sir George Grey Is stfll carrying on his "one- man-one-vote" oampaiga in Anatsalia. He addzeieed toe Newceatieoriltere last night. Is ftrpHttyTH of bring " the first Australian hedeT No Vlotoria&a; honoured in the Queen's Birthday Gazette. Justice Wendeyer and Mr. Sofemans, Q.O., of Sydney, are knighted, and W«st Aurtralia's brand-new Premier is made a K.0.M.GT The Hamilton Agricultural Sooiety is moving far the fencing in with rabbit-proof wire netting of toft Orown lands in the colony, andfor a vote of £196,000 to provide more wire-netting on loan to shires. Awful and most significant slap in the faoe given to the Australian ooloniae by the London financiers through Queensland. An Australian 31 per cent, loan whioh cannot float at a mfafmnm of £91 is a portentous thing. Mr. Oswald Brown, the eminent engineer who has been on a brief visit to South Aus tralia at toe request of its Government, says he has never seen a better ey stem of tramways than that in Melbourne. The advance made by Mribourne and Sydney is very great compared with that of Adelaide. The Adelaide Marine Board blames the chief officer of the Glamis for the stranding of that vessel, and also remarks that the wtftum to blame for having an unexperienced and unin- structed apprentice on watch all night. The " divine Sara" has come, been seen, and has conquered. Immense at the Princess on Saturday night. " Camilla" was the opening piere, fallowed on Monday by La Tosca," and 44 Fedora" on Tuesday. .f1® acting commander of toe Mounted afies, IfajorHoai, has cabled to Colonel Price toaccffiecteva congratulations of that papular branch ef thedafanoe forces on the suoceasof wrorewUtivee at the HOitaty Tournament in JKn giand. when tttrioted the chair which Fits, vacates. MA Henry Scott Harden, solicitor, has ' — - called upon to dfelain to toe iMCourtS 1 ancanalouaif not objectionable 1 M.L.A.s who had declined to a'ttent tv1oert I ft/T08 I Another victim, to fooltas with I A boy oW Bertie Wilm W I loaded revolver, and while experlmentiffi I it .hot hiaaM lMUIl, In the ibdroen tS I ssSsfetwMefie' I Mr. Dow has been tooting the hom 1 late Ministry at St. Arnaud. He in« 1 that Mr. Munro'a financial croaking t' I responsible for the late loan failure ana I VtW; Bfflt.o.1 be p«KTCi2?t» I He hints that the necessary cash can 1 vided by a property tax of Id. iQ the £ I jrSwM.sr4 mUrely upoa 