The Sydney Morning Herald. FRIDAY, MARCH 27, 1891. -» A SCENE took place in the Newfoundland Assembly Chamber. Fifteen members of the Assembly refused to attend the Upper House on the occasion of the Boyal assent being given to bills, and shouted "Traitors" when the Speaker and the Premier obeyed the summons. BY the wreck of the steamer Strathairls, in the United States, 19 lives have been lost. LORD Salisbury has been appealed to by Presi- dent Harrison to prevent the Chinese from entering America via Canada. INFLUENZA is still very prevalent in the United States. 1500 deaths are reported from Chicago, and 700 from Pittsburg, Alleghany, and Pennsyl- vania. THE superintendent of the Paris telephone system states that telephone communication with Australia has been found to be quite a scientific possibility. THE Emperor Menelek of Abyssinia has definitely refused the protectorate offered by the Italian Government. IT is reported by the financial houses holding part of the last Victorían loan that such stock is in fair demand among buyers at par. Speaking at Fernmount, Mr. Dangar, M.L.A., referred to the questions of federation, the tariff, tho administration of the Government, and the various bills lately engaging the atlention of the Legisla- ture. A vote of confidence was passed. NAVIGATION on the Upper Murray is now closed, and there is no prospect of even light draught boats running, OUR London correspondent, writing on February 20, states that the situation of the Irish party remains the most interesting topic of discussion in the political world. All hopes of a reunion have now been thrown to the wind, and it is war a l'outrance between the two parties. A SENSATION has been caused in London by the publication of the story that the Duke of Orleans has been seen in Paris disguised as the valet of a well-known singer, and it is believed that an Australian vocalist is meant. IN connection with the University examinations we give in another column the recommendations of the examiners for honours in the respective years of the students. MR. RALSTON applied to Mr. Justice Innes in Chambers yesterday for a new trial in the action of Vaughan v. M'Rae for breach of promise of mar- riage. His Honor allowed a stay of proceedings until the fourth day of the ensuing term, and ordered that the £500 be paid into court by April 8, or security given for the amount. A Lilian area of land in Chaffey Brothers' irriga- tion colony at Renmark, South Australia, has been purchased by Lord Delamore. Otra correspondent, in Parisian Gossip, statos that Queen Victoria's choice of Qrasso for escaping the sharp winda of an English Bpring is regardod, by all who know that quiet little town, as a very wiso one. The only modern hotel of tue plaoo, a large, comfortable, woll-furnishod establishment, has been ongaged for the exclusive use of her Majesty and her suite. GOUNOD'S impressive work " The Daughters of Jerusalem " waa rendorcd at St Androw's Cathodral laBt night IT is believed that the cable réductions will como into operation on May L The di-lay is owing to tho parloying going on with Russia regarding altérations noooaaitated in the existing Indo-European Telegraph Service. Grvraa evidence boftre the Royal Commission on Strikes yesterday afternoon, Mr, JuBtico Windeyer, who appeared as a witness, stated that all cases of diBputo between capitalists and labourers wero surrounded by euch modifying circumstancos that it would bo almost impossible to lay down any code of rnles upon which tho various disputes might bo judgod. It appeared to bim that difficulties bntween capitalists and labourers could bo settled rather by a mutual understanding between the parties concerned than by any other measures. AOOOBDINO to Bradstreet't Circular, the visible supply of American wheat is about 40,900,000 bushels. A HANDICAP swimming tnatob, distance 100 yards, under the auspices of the Enterprise Swim- ming Club, took place last night in the Natatorium baths, and resulted in a win for Holmes, of Balmain. THE vintage at Murray Valley Vinoyard is in full swing. Tho total yield is oxpected to be about 30,000 gallons. Labour is plentiful. TUB report presented at the annual meeting of the Cyclists' Union stated that the membership totalled 587, comprising 21 clubs, 8 independent members, and 87 delogatos to tho counoil, as against 514 members, 19 clubs, l8 independent members, and 83 delegates to the council lost year. Tas Old English Fair hold at Albury in aid of the local hospital resulted in s profit of £524, PBOBATBS and letters of administration were granted in a number of caaes by Mr. Justice Owen yesterday afternoon. TUB Walcha Municipal Counoil has decided to borrow £1000 for the purpose of improving the streets of the town. A rnEBENTATioN of a purse of £55 has been made to Mr, Michael M'Namara, late secretary of the Tumut Turf Club. IT is stated that within the past few daya 618 persons attended at tho Land Court at Newcastle and paid to the Crown land agent £9326, as in- stalments for the purchase of allotments on the Newcastle Commonage. AT the Corowa Police Court yesterday Marcus Dulhunty, Crown land agent, was committed for trial on the charge of misappropriating money paid to him on the part of the Government. A large influx of holiday visitors has arrived at Bulli, and our correspondent states that the local hotels are full. Sir GEORGE GREY has been nominated for New- town in the House of Representatives, New Zealand. The meeting of the Trades and Labour Council was last night addressed by Mr. Kingston, one of the federation delegates from South Australia, In a speech dealing with labour matters he referred to South Australia as the colony which, possessed the most democratic constitution in the British Empire. They had had, he said, the principle of one man one vote in existance for over 40 years. THE bootmakers in Auckland have struck for an increase of wages. Eleven factories are in- volved. TUB member« of the Iildor Exploring Expedition to Central Australia aro busy arranging for. the goneral equipment of the expedition. A BOARD comprising the varions heads of the departments in tho New Zealand Oivil Sorvico has boon appointed to ailviso the Government upon tho administration of tho eorvioe. THE official opening of the Agricultural Society's Show took p'ace yostordav. The ceremony was performod shortly aftor noon by the Govornor, who was aocompaniod by the Countess of Jeney. Tho vice-regal guest« were rooeivod by Mr. Burdekiu, presidont of the socioty, aad escorted to the pavilion. HEPLTIKO to on address presented to bim. Lord Jorsoy said that ho hoped tho pastoralists wcro now entoring upon a prosperous season, and stated that ko had rooeivod from hor Majesty the Queen intelligence that sho was very pleased that the society should bo oallod tho Eoyal Agricultural Socioty of Now South Wales. The party then prococdod to inspect the exhibits, and tho official luncheon was aftorwards hold.. Tim French Government statos that, so far from sending any liberatod convicts to the Now Hebrides, strict instructions havo boon issued in tho onposite direction, and vigilanco has been oxercisod to pre vent tho escapo of the convicts. IN connection with the shearing trouble in Quoonsland tho mounted infantry have loft Towns- ville for Hughenden. A number of caeos of coer- cion by unionists aro reported, bat news from Cler- mont is to the effect that many unionists are Brood- ing. Further arrests aro probable A TBLEruosK was connected with tho Grand Opera Homo in Paris during a porfermanc?, and the singing waa distinctly heard at tho London end o£ tbo wire. TUB Marino Court of Inquiry at Gibraltar, whioh investigated the causo of the sinking of tho Utopia, found that the captain committed a grave error of judgmont, but his cortiQcato was returnod to him. TUB ship Malaysia has been posted at Lloyd's as missing. E.NOLAKD ia to bo officially ropresontod at tho World's Fair to be hell in Chicago in 1893. With regard to the compromise under- stood to be embodied in the draft constitu- tion of the federation respecting the powers of the Senate in dealing with money bills, most persons desirous of adhering to the principles of the English Constitution will, we think, be disposed to accept it as a reasonable one. It does not desert the principles and practice with which we are all familiar and in which we find safety, and at the same time it makes all concession to the demands of the State right party that can fairly be made. If the Appropriation Bill and bills imposing taxation are dealt with upon Sir HENRY PARKES'S lines - giving the Senate power of rejection, but not of amendment-and if, at the same time, the Senate is allowed a power of suggesting amendments to the Lower House in bills involving expenditure, a compromise is offered which may fairly be accepted by both sides as a conciliatory and reasonable one. Concession is made in details for the sake of a harmonious settlement, but at the same time all fundamental principles are conserved. But this compromise has still, perhaps, to undergo discussion by the Constitutional Committee, and after that has to run the gauntlet of the extreme State right, which really means States rule, party in the Convention. It may easily be that the compromise which is understood to have been at the cost of much labour arrived at may be upset and replaced, perhaps by tbe votes of those representing the 45,000 people of Western Australia, by a provision of widely different nature and different effect. In view of this possibility it is as well to make it as clear as possible that the present compromise marks the furthest limit that this colony is likely to go even for federation, and that a bill going any further in the direction of making States rule paramount in the Federation has not the slightest chance of being accepted by the New South Wales Parlia- ment. From the attitude taken with unanimity by the delegates from the Victorian Assembly, and from the declara- tions made by the Premier of that colony since his return to Melbourne, we may fairly infer a similar result with respect to Victoria. What, then, we have before us as the most pro- bable outcome of a victory of the States rule party in the Convention is a federation of Australia with New South Wales and Victoria, and their two millions and a quarter of people and nearly 20 millions of annual revenue, left out. When this colony, in response to the call of Sir HENRY PARKES, resolved to go in heart and soul for a federation of the colonies, it was made clear from the first, and was stated with the emphasis of frequent repetition, that it must be a real and genuine federation. As we said in regard to the invitations to join the Federal Council, so we said when we agreed to embark in the present move- ment for legislative and governmental union, we would not take part in a loose and impotent alliance that was merely playing at federation, but would cordially join in the attempt to secure federal union under a full-powered Government. That has been the position of New South Wales all through. We believe it is its position to- day. We are willing to give the separate States every security and every guaran- tee against interference. We are will- ing carefully and rigidly to define the jurisdiction of the Federal Government and the subjects with which it has power to deal. But within those limits it must be a genuine Government--a Government with full and independent powers, and a Government knowing no distinction what- ever of State and State, and treating them all as merged in the complete unity of Australia. That was our object, and it is our object still. If we can attain it we shall view the result with satisfaction. "We are ready, as we have shown, to make great sacrifices for its attainment. But we shall be con- tented with nothing less. We shall not be ready to sacrifice all the justice and equity of federation to secure its empty form. We federate to unite, not to dissever-to merge, not to hold apart. We shall not be satis- fied with a constitution designed to vest[?] predominance in the smaller States, to seat[?] a minority in the place of power, and to rule the Federation not by its own Parliament but through the Parliaments of the States and their delegates in the Federal Senate. If, unhappily, it should ever become im- possible to get union from the present Convention on the terms we have stated, then we should be compelled to regard the present effort as abortive, and to look else- where for federation. Should, what we trust may not be the case, this possibility become realised, and should the provincialists from smaller States, uniting with reactionaries from the larger ones, make impossible a union on terms just to the several States, large as well as small, we might still not be called upon to abandon hopes of feder- ation. It is indeed not impossible that this temporary check might prove the stepping-stone to a closer and better Federation than ia likely to emerge from the present Convention. It is hardly likely that all this valuable work by the able and experienced statesman of this Con- vention would be thrown away. That is the most improbable of all possible events. The recognition by the Parliaments and people of the colonies of the need of federation and its present opportuneness would stand as it stands now. If, as a result of the necessity for common action forced upon them by the grasping attempts of the smaller States, New South Wales and Victoria were to reject the Constitution now being drafted, those two great States, would be drawn into closer relations than they had ever before held. They could not stop at that point, and would feel themselves compelled to go further. The influences now drawing them together would have grown largely in potency as a result of the present work. Their near equality in respect of population, revenue, stage of political ad- vancement, would make a close alliance easy. Moreover, the States on each side of them-South Australia adjoining Vic- toria, and Queensland adjoining New South Wales, would-in an almost equal degree, be drawn towards a union with the great central States. They have no such disparity in strength as to make the terms of such union difficult to arrange. It would be all the easier from our having got rid of the extravagant demands and disproportionate representation of the two minor States. A Federation of Eastern Australia would indeed omit the 150,000 people of Tasmania, and the 45,000 of Western Australia. It would not include the perfect continental round. But it would be good enough for a be- ginning, and would serve. The omitted States, instead of dictating the terms of their adhesion, would in due time come as suitors for admission on such terms as the federated colonies would be disposed to grant. Some of our worst present difficulties would be avoided. We could secure a closer and a better knit federation. This, indeed, is the way in which most great federa- tions have come together. And, in view of all these considerations, we may content ourselves with the reflection that the cause of federation need not be regarded as lost even though we are not now disposed to secure it at the cost of subjection to the minor and less advanced States. The committoo of the projected Elder expedition to the less known parts of Central Australia appears to bo Cutting its arrangements near completion. Three gentlemen to AU the posts of botanist, naturalist and collector, and geologist havo been appointed, and Mr. DAVID LIND- SAY is to lead the expédition. Seeing the difference that exists between Aus- tralia of the present day and the Australia of thirty or forty years ago, whon the in- terior of the continent waa still an almost unknown region, and exploring expeditions were worthy of the name, would it not be as well that this fact should be duly recog- nised by the organisers, and tbe present expedition fitted out more for the purposo of a close and reliable investigation of the capabilities of the yet unvisit^d patches of country that exist, than a hasty migration from one known point to another, for the purpose of an additional thin line ou the map, with an occasional native well noted down hero and there ? The ¿erra incognito, of the continent may be said to be now practically non- existent. lu addition to the tracks ot the well-known expeditions west of the overland line, with whioh we are familiar on the latent maps, many private excursions have taken place of which no public mention has boen niado, but they havo all con- duced to limit tho extent of the unex- plored regions until they are now reduced to a few isolated patches wherein there ie scarcely a shadow of probability that any importunt geographical discovery can bo made. Although thus bereft of the more romantio aims of exploration, the party have a career of useful work before them, and it behoves those in oharge of the organisation to see that they have the means to carry it out. The aim should bo to judge of the probable future and utility of the contemned interior ; and to men of experience, with the knowledge of BO much similar country at their backs, this sheuld not bo a dirh oult task. Of the older explorers, the two raen whoso footsteps were soonest followed by flocks a»d herds, and whoso recorded opinions were held to be of most v» eight as to the resources of the new country, wore M'KINI.EY and LANDS BOBODOH, neither of whom laid claim to anything more than practical experience. In the present time men in all parts of the world are awaking to the value of the waste places of the earth. We constantly see arraed nations nearly coming to blows over a strip of territory the very location of which has scarcely been properly defined, and which a cen- tury back would have been regarded as a useless encumbrance. Under these cir- cumstances it behoves us who have still so much waste land at our disposal, regard lag Australia as a whole, to obtain the fullest knowledge of what the true value of it is, so that in the future wo shall make no moro one-sided bargains by disposing of it as worthless. Irrigation and artesian well-borings are working such a wonderful revolution in the development of supposedly worthless country that it is hard to say what land, short of barren rock, will not afford a re- turn to such ogenoies. It is true that from a strictly utilitarian point of view tho success of the expedition in find- ing tracts of available grazing oountry will mostly benefit Western Australia ; still, the whole continent must gain by having settlement throughout ita confines instead of an unpeopled waste, in addition to the national Australian feeling now BO univer- sal, which makes us all anxious to see the last stigma of the desert interior removed. To the traveller from America who has seen the deserts of that continent our so called desert appears a specially desirable change. But large populous towns, mainly, it is true, started by mineral dis- coveries, have sprung up in those far western regions, and the inhabitants of them live in as much comfort as we do in Sydney ; and although in our time we can scarcely expect to see another Ohioago arise on the shore of the mud flat misnamed Lake Amadeus, the end of the century may witnoBs a opntinuous stretch of settle- ment from east to west and from north to south. Again, by a thorough and painstaking examination of the country included in the proposed route, the frag- mentary watercourses now known to exist may be elaborated into a system, indefinite perhaps, but still comprising an under- standable drainage system. This may give a zest to the more scientific objects of the expedition, and the olucidation of any such defined watersheds would natur- ally assist the future occupation of the oountry. It would be unfor- tunate if Sir THOMAS ELDBB'S gift should be lavished, as so much ether good money hw toen, in a mere attempt to break the record in crossing an unprece- dented stretch of dry country, and whether it is so or not depends greatly on the class of man chosen for the loader.' A careful plodding, experienced man would ensure a far greater amount of material result than an impressionable enthusiast with a too vivid imagination, whobo sole thought would be a vainglorious newspaper para- graph on the conclusion of this work. Wo trust that on the return of the party there will be a UBeful store of information to deal with, and not a mere sensational item or two to chronicle. A notable outcome of the labour struggle in the North is the question that has been sent by wire by some of the leaders to the Western . Australian Government, asking as to its willingness to grant land for the establishment of co-operative colonies and to advance capital to make improvements on the land so granted. It ÍB not unlikely that tho Wes- tern Australian Government would be glad, under ordinary circumstances, could it see its way to attract " 5000 experi- enced bush - workers to settle on ita lands." It is probable that these men, if taken right away from the con- ditions of trade dispute and strife, would settle down into colonists of a highly use- ful type. It would be a gain to the colonies as a whole could the method of co-operative settlement be thoroughly tried by the right mon under a favourable Government, and under circumstances fitted to make the experiment a fair one. The experience of such an object lesson would be invaluable. History supplies us with plenty of in stances whore the civil dissensions of one Stato have been to tho profit of another as a result of some of tho disputants expatriating themselves and starting afresh in a now community. With all this to be said in its favour wo fear that tho question as submitted rovoals a weak point in the project. It ia a good deal to ask the Government at once to give the land and to advance the money. Tho question rises what would bo tho seourity for the advauco, and the answer is that it would be borrowed "upon the guarantee of tho settlor*." That is to say, it would be granted upon the good faith of the borrowers. And this is whero tho difficulty comes in. lu our complex and interdependent stato of society the strongest and most important of the bonds by which wo aro hold to- gether is fidelity of contract» AU of pur voluntary arrangements, by which so much of the work of society is done, ultimately rest upon the principle of the sacrednesB of contracts. And it cannot be denied that a serious blow has been struck at that principle by the action of the labour party and by the dootrines avowed by their leaders. A man who holds contracta to be binding recognises that ho is at a disadvantage if he enters ' into one with another party who declares that he considers them to bo binding only BO long as he finds them convenient. It is probable that many of those who have been enunciating or acting upon these principles would shrink from applying them to any ordinary agreement between man and man. But who is to discriminate, and by what rule is ha to be guided P All that is to be said is that no man and no olass can violate contracts with impunity, and that those who treat them as cobwebs, to be brushed aside when desired, can scarcely . after that tender them as valuable security for the advance of money from the State to the individual. The news from Queensland relative to the labour disturbances is of a mixed character. It tends to show us that the Government haB reached a critical stage, in which a number of bands of desporato men aro roaming about the country apparently ready for any kind of outrage. On the other it holds out hope that the turning-point of the whole matter has been arrived at, and that if the Government can make head against the difficulties of tho next few days the greater part of the trouble may prove to be over. Thero is a good deal of significance in the fact that the troops despatched from Townsville for Hughenden were heartily cheered by the great crowd which had assembled to see them off. Then there is a favourable symptom in the fact that numbers of unionists are quitting the campa on foot with their swags, and are believed to be seceding. It must, no doubt, be a serious matter to large numbers of these men, whose re- sources are getting exhausted, who see themselves drifting into the position of criminals liable to arrest and punish- ment, and who learn that thors is abundance of skilled labour offering in Victoria and this colony to go to Queensland and complete the shearing. The prosont state of tension cannot last long, and when it is all over it will no doubt be apparent that the firm and vigorous action of the Government has done much to shorten it. Every day intensifies the strain in the relations between the people of Newfound- land and tbo British Government, and unless calmor counsels prevail somewhere* a serious situation may be created. As told us in our cable messages, the Legislature in the colony has bean in a state of ebullition, shouting " Traitors !" to tho Speaker and Premier while in the observance of the simple and formal duty of obeying the summons to attend and receive the royal assent to certain bills. Previous messages unnounced that mem- bers in the Assembly openly declared their desire for separation, and that if cooroion itt resorted to, a genoral revolt would follow, for thut seven-eighths of the people are in favour of annexatiou to the United States, Those be valiant words ; but though Newfoundland's protest ns against the French olaims would bo nothing bettered by inolusion under the stnrs and stripes, and many things would intervene before this dismemberment should ocour, the struggle of a little colony against overwhelming oddB to free itself from a very irksome grievance ia not^ one to be looked on with indifforenoe. The Imperial Government clearly views it in this light, and its docision to defer wh'at has como to bo known as the " Coercion Bill " is a tacit admission that matters aro not to bo pushed to an ex- treme. It is greatly to be rogrotted that tho British Government allowed the matter to drift into this position, which the impatience of tho Newfoundlanders is making aggravated. There can be little doubt that however the proposed arbitration may result, it will be made the basis for satisfying in some woy, or purchasing out, the rights of France, so thut New- foundland will be reliovoJ from the annoy- ance. Pity is that tbo manner of it has not been suoh as to Butisfy the colonists that their desires will be ultimately con- ceded. However, lamentable as this fric- tion is, and particularly untimely when the great work of adjusting relations between the colonies is proceeding, there is every certainty that o' way will be- found out of the difficulty,. «m"rtEät"*Ä«'Xritish ParliamentKwill not boa party to employing force in the settle- ment of a question that ia so capable of pth« and more satisfactory adjustment. TBB committee of the Feieratisn Convention appointed to consider the question of constitutional rjaohioery held a lengthy secret mooting yesterday. The sitting commenced at 11 o'olock in the morn- ing, and lasied until 5 o'clock in tho afternoon. Toe utmost precaution was taken to enauro soorooy as to the nature »f the proceedings, and each mem- ber was bound not to reveal anything whioh took plaoa, In addition eaoh member was required to sign the copy of the Constitution Bill with which be had been fuminhed, and lo pledgo himsolf not to allow it to go oat of his possession. Tho com jnitteo had before it the bill drawn up on the prsvleus day by tho drafting coin'nitieo, but the (uscussion which took place was confined principally to the general principios involved in the measure, the details being left for consideration on a futuro occasion. It waa felt that the bill had not boon long enough in the hands of mombers of the com- mittee to enable them to go fully into all its olauf es, though the suggestions made will be, as far as pos- sible, embodied in the bill by the drafting com jnitiee, whioh will meet again before Mondar. As was only to bo exported, there was some difficulty in arriving at a basis of agreement with rogard to the question of the rotative powors of the two houces of legislature, but we understand that a compromise was eventually settled upon. The Senate is to havo the right of vetoing the Appropriation Bill, but may not amend any of ita items. With regard to money hill», or any measure involving taxation, tho Sonato will have the pewcr of veto in 5I060, or it may mako a sug- gestion to the Lower HouBe asking for the amend- ment of the bilk It will then depend upon the lower House whether the suggestion bo adopted; but if it is not, the Senate will still have the final power of veto, and may reject tho disputed measure altogether. This is the plan whioh has been adopted in South Australia with the objoot of avoiding a collision between tbo two Houses of Parliament, and it is ososidorod by many mombors of the committeo that the mothod is the only one by which the antagonistic views of tho representatives of the emallor and larger States can bo reconciled. With rogard to tho system on which the governors of tho individual Elates aro to bo nppoinlod an animated dis- cussion took place between the two Viotorian delegates on tho committee, the point at issuo being whether tho governors shall be appointed directly by tho Crown, as at prosont, .r whether they shall bo, as Sir George Grey advo- cates, olectod by the people of the Stales. As thoro «temed no way out of the difficulty, it was ovontu , ally settled that the mattor should bo left for the iecision of the StateB themselves. Eaoh Stato will therefore havo tho powor o£ choosing its own governor aftor, ita own fashien, just as has been doss in the case of the United States of Amorica. The only condition whio'i lias been dofinilely laid down is that tho Stato governors ara not to be placed in dirout communication with tbo Imperial Govornmont, but are to sond all thoir cor- respondence through the Govornor-General, who will of conrso bo eeloctnd at home. In fact, if tho new constitution is adopted, tho Govornor-Goneral mil be the only link which binda us to the mother country, for tho Australian Supremo Court is to bo constituted a final court of appeal, unless the appe- lant shall demand that bia caso bo hoard by tho Privy Council. It is felt by the momhors of the committee that thero may bo some difficulty with the Imperial Parliament about tho bill, since the conce»FÍona asked for are much greater than thoso demanded by the Canadians when thoy f ormod thoir Dominion, Tho general fooling, however, scorns to bs that it is bettor to ask for tho fullest posaiblo measure of liberty short of absolute separation, oven if all that is dosircd ia not obtained. Tho tariff question has, as already stated, beon loft an open one, and neither has anything boon done towards choosing a site for tho fedoral capital. The Australian Parliament will have to settle each of theso questions whon it meets, and in the mean- time there is no absoluto necosBity for dealing with them. As to tho composition of the Federal Parliament, it bas been decided that the Senate shall consist of au equal numbor of members from each State or colony, tho total being between 40 and 50. No senator will bo eligible for olection unless ho is over 30 years of age, and has livod for five years in the federated colonies. The members of the Senate . are to be paid at the rato of £500 per annum, and the salary of tbo Govornor-Goneral has boon fixed it £12,000 i tho sum is to include the expenses of his staff. A desire to arrive at an amicable under- loading was manifested bv all tho dolegatos present, lad the modifications in the bill were duly noted by the drafting committee which has been entrusted with the task of shaping the measure Tho Consti- tutional Committeo adjourned until Monday next, »ben a meeting will bo held at half-past 10 in the morning for the purposo of getting tho bill into fiaal shape, preparatory to its presentation to the Convention on Tuesday. UsnER dale of February 11th, the Ministor for Lands roeeived a letter from Mr. Thomas Neilson, a .olloitor of Glasgow, in which certain particulars were asked regarding the prononce of rabbits in New South Wale*. The information sought was ia reference to any practical way of trapping tho rodents in a living state, as to tho conversion ef rabbit flesh into human food, inquiring whirs the rabbit) are most plentiful, and if the infested distriots are near to either railways or seaports. Another question put was whether the Govornmont would bo pre- pared to give, in the Bhape of freo transit, a monopoly, providing a guarantee was sigoed to the .fleet that at lenat two millions of rabbits per annnm were removed from this colony. The information desired baa boon Bent to Mr. Neilson, and the Minister has recorded a minute to tho .¡feet that probably onterprUing capitalists in tho old land may be induoed to oome to the rollof of the pastoralists by helping thom to got rid of the rabbit pest MR. FITZGERALD, M.L.A., waited on the Minister for Lands yesterday afternoon, to ask on behalf of the residents of Baerami Creek for the construction of a road from Merriwa to a number of selections in the vicinitv of Baerami Creek, Mr. Brunker promised Mr. Fitzgerald that he would refer the matter to the local land board for the production of evidence as to the require- ments of the district in question, and the number of selectors residing in the vicinity of Baerami Creek. MB. Jons HATSES, M.L.A., addressed a meeting lut niüht from the balcony of tho Club Hotel, King-street, Newtown, on tho subjoot of .. Land lix and Co- operation." Mr, H. Webber occupied the chair, and brien v introduced the epoakor to tho crowd whioh, to the number of about 11)00, had gathered in tho street below. The audienos, though »t times inolined to be noisy, was on the wholo gwd-humoured, and listened to what Mr. HaynoB bad to say. After referring to the good n land tax Wild do, the speaker gave his views with rogard to co-operation. Australia, ho said, would not bo federated beforo juBtico waa done to the people, and the man who put up for federation against labour »onld not be successful at the ballot-box. MESSES. Burns and Cullen have boon informed ty the Department of Works that tenders will be invited next week for tho creotion of the bridgo at tte head of the navigation of Lane Cove Bivor mt which bridgo a vote was passed by Parliament lut year, YESTERDAY n deputation representing the Frnit pewera' Union was to have waited upon Sir Henry îsiksi The business of the deputation was to Mg« certain mattera whioh in its opinion would be Moefteial to the fruit-growing industry. Federation Convention duties prevented the Promier from re- ceiving the deputation, and the interview is timod to take plaoe at half-past 10 o'olock next Tuesday morning. Pon some time the municipal authorities at Woollahra havo been agitating for the eelootlon of a jT for a Publio school suitable for the population tn*t has grown np on tho EdReoliff and Grafton ..tates. On Wednesday afternoon Mr. J. H. Car reihen, Minister for Publio Instruction, acoom ¡»oied by Mr. Johnson and Mr. Allpass, visited Woollahra, Mr. Carruthers was reoeived at tho ecuncil-chambera by Aldermen Trickott, M.L.O., ».ik«, Beading, Quaife, and Williamson, the connoil clerk (Mr. O. A. Vivian), and Mr. Drummond Gilchrist, of the ' Behool Board, «t» partaking of light refreshments, ond u° health of the Minister had been proposed by Mr. Trickett and cordially re JPoajled to, the party inspected the additions to «11 Public school in Ferth-streot and thon proceeded toft» locality seoght to bo provided with a sohool 1*0 sites se» the Waverloy Brewery, whioh had ««»I luggeeted, were flrat examinod, after whioh a g«ce of land lying between the entrance to the ».Hevne Park and tho Victoria- road was visited, in *>g»rd to which Mr. Carruthers promised that if Jar. Cooper could bo induced to give, say .three .¡"K he would at onoe authorise the ereotion of buildings thereon suitable to the diatriot and second »none in 1he colony. ,J"" Soy»! Commission an Strikes will sit a «talia th« effie* «t .Qaew»Jaa4-«h.w»w<>, Bridge street, daring noxt week, the members of the oom mission having decided not to make any adjourn- ment on account of the Easter holidays. WK aro informed that the Lands Department in Sydney does not receive land revenues from the country districts. All monoys sent from country agents aro forwarded to tho Treasury, and according to regulations all receipts mast bo handed over in a certain tima Regarding the payment of liabilities on conditional purchases and leases there wore sup. posod delays. This fact wa3 discovered by the Trcasnry, and as a cousoquenco a return Waa pre- pared and advertised in the metropolitan and country newepapors. The publication of this re- turn boro omphatio fruit It has eo far proved that a few errors hivo beon made, but those cannot be laid to the blame of oithor tho Lands Department or the Treasury. AU the difficulties experienced so far havo arisen from tho defalcations of country officers, whose delinquencies woro made known by selectors show in? thoir receipts immediately öfter the notice of alleged arcas was made pnblio Tho rosult has been that two country district land officials have been prosecuted, one has shot himself, and several havo beon suspended and dismissed. No attempt has beon mado to collect those arrears since 1878, and the consequence haB boen that many defalca- tions have but rBcontly como to liirht Tho other ohar(ro against the Treasury, of receiving payment for land twice over, is unfounded. ArrnAisEMKKTs o£ Crown lands havo boen for some time arriving in the Lands Office for tho consideration and determination of Mr. Brunkor as Minister. For the past two woeks ho has boen busy in dealing with those returns, Oloso attention is needed to those matters, with the result that tho Minister has been occupied nntil the early hoars of most mornings during tho past fortnight in examining and passing the papers on to the propor destination in accordance with the provisions of the Land Act. As soon as possible after this duty has been completed, Mr. Brunker will loavo Sydney for his tonr through the far Western districts of this oelony. While the Director-General of Forests was on his last official trip, he paid visits to Nimitybelle, Cooma, Bega Lyttleton, Bombala, and Delegate. His mission was to examine the wattle growing suitableness of the Monaro country. His conclusions are that the Monaro district is an eminently suitable area for this pur- pose. Wattles grow there in almost countless numbers. Some of the trees strip so well that they give from 300lb. to 400lb. of bark each. Trees of this bearing capacity are growing in some places to the extent of from 200 to 800 to the acre. The Director-General is of the opinion that the Monaro district for wattle cultiva- tion will be one of the most reproductive in the colony of New South Wales. IN accordance with previously announced inten- tions a now tramway waiting shod has boon opened at the junction of Park-street Here suburban railway tickets will bo oo sale, and during tho Easter holidays tiokots to Campbelltown, where the military encampment will bo held, may be pur- chased. THE Government offices, tho banks and tho prin- cipal warehouses in this city will romain cloBed from last night until next Tuesdav morning, IT is anticipated that no difficulty will bo expe- rienced in the completion of railway contracts which woro s'gncd by the lato Mr. D. B. Proudfoot. The decoased gentleman was tho contractor for several important works, such as re- laying and re-ballasting sections of certatn railway linos, and tho construction of tbo Lipstono Hill de- viation west of Emu PlainB station. Satisfactory arrangements havo beon made with the Rail- way Commissioners whereby tho works will bo proceoded with ncoording to contract arrangements. Mr. Proudfoot died intostate, and the works in question will bo completod under tho order of tho curator of intostnto estates. MR. E. PtiLsroitD annonnoes in our columns to-day that he ia a candidato for Parliamentary honours in East Sydnoy, THE trama on tho railway line yesterday was very heavy, and the station staff had difficulty in coping with it. All lines wore aliko, and owing to tho numbor of speoiala that woro run tho ordinary trains woro somowhnt behind tima FoixowrNd in the waka of BOHO of his colleagues in tho representation of Balmain in Parliament, Mr. J. 8. Hawthorne delivered an address to the electors in the Town Hall, Leichhardt, last evening. Tbe Mayor, Mr. B. R, Mooro, occupied the chair, and thero was a large attendance Mr. Hawthorne obtained a good hearing, and spoke for about an hour and a quarter. At tho expiration of hi« speech bs answered a nutnhcr of questions which were put to him. A vote expressive of continued confidence in Mr. Hawthorne was movod at a late hour, by which timo the audience had dwindled down considerably. An amendment was also sub- mitted. A show of hands which was taken demon- strated that opinions wore about equally divided, though tho advantage, if any existod, aopeared to be on tho sida of those who opposod the motion. TITE second annual report which has been adopted by the Publio Schools Athletio Assoc'ation, states that the membership numbers 203, Tho work of the committee during the year has been diiccted towards stimulating the athletio lifo of the pupils and teaohcra of tho Publio schools, and to affording the members of the association an opportunity of meeting oaoh other in pleasant sooial intercourse. Last annual sports meeting was an un- qualified success. The committee, while regretting the surprising diBino'ination shown by younc teachers to become competitive athlo'os, offer special congratulations rogarding tho year's sports meet- ing. The cricket competition is now ongaging 16 sohools, viz., Balmain, Burwood, Camperdown, Crown-street, Darling-road, Fort-street, Leichhardt, Leichhardt AVost, Marrickville, Newtown, Padding- ton, Parramatta, Rodforn, Ryde, Waterloo, and William-streot Tho matches aro being keenly fought out At the present stage of the competi- tion, three schools, Crown-street, Parramatta, and Paddington-have oetabliahod their supremacy over tho rest The report states that during the year 10 committee meetings were held, and the treasurer's balanoe-shoot shows a credit balanoo of £82. TBE It M.S. Ormuz leaves hore at noon to-morrow for London, full of passenger! and with an assorted cargo. The next vessel, tho O roto va, is timed to arrive here obont noon to-morrow, so that as tho one steamer loaves the othor will oome up to the wharf and take the vacant berth. There are about 450 passengers booked by tho Ormuz this time, and the principal linos in the oargo aro silver-lead bn lion, wool, and preserved meats. There aro also a shipment of 600 ca»os of preserved fruit and a consignment of 100 bales of hops. The Ormuz will go down to Hobart and tako in 8500 casos of greon fruit A MEETiHO of tho executive oommitteo of the Bulli Oolliory Disaster Fund was held on Wednes- day, in the secretary's ofllce, 178 Pitt-street The ehair waa taken by the Hon. G, A, Lloyd. It was announced that the balance-sheet showing the operations of tho fund for the four years ended 23rd Maroh, 1891, had boon audited by Messrs. Jamos Thomson and Thomas Pratt. Tho sun» of £21,001 6s lid had beon paid to bonofloiaries, and thero remains fixed deposits amount- ing to £24,210. The secretary reportod that durirur tho past. quarter one widow had remarried. Quarterly instalments of annuities amounting to £488 los woro passed for paymont, and relief was granted in oases whero sickness and death woro reportod. THE Lenton servioo at St Andrew's Cathedral last night was well attended. After tho singing of Stainers " Misororo," the Primate delivered a brief address, takiig for his subjoot " Standing by the Cross," Tbo ohoir again rendered Gounod's " Daughters of Jerusalem," whioh was given at last Monday evening's servios. Tilo Bolo portions woro taken by Messrs. Soarl and Culham, and Masters Helm and Ander- son; and tho precentor conduoted throughout Several chorales, principally taken from Bach's " Passion," were introduced with good effect during the singiag of Gounod's work. Before the Pri- mate's address Mr. Horace Chambers sang as a tenor Bolo Gounod's air, " There is a green hill far away,'' with organ accompaniment Tho opening voluntary by Sir. Younger wa« seleotod from Stainor's "Crucifixion." Spooial services will be held to-day, and in the ovening the Passion muaio from the " Measiah " will bo rendered. i TirenE will be a repetition of Packer1!! Oratorio " Tho Crown of Thorns " by tho Phllharmonio Society this evoning. Thoro are also three beauti- ful namcers from Rossini's " Siabot Mater " in- cluded in the programme. Tho performance will take plaoe in the Centennial Hall. A FAHEWELL tea and a publio mooting wero held in the Marrickville Congregational Ohuroh on Tuesday evening for the purposo of taking leave of the Rev. Dr. Roseby and Mrs. Roseby prior to thoir departure on a trip to England. Tbo oempony was large and representative. The toa was of tbe usual social oharaoter. At the pnblio meeting the Mayor of Marrickville (Alderman J. Graham, J.P.) presided. Alderman Moyes, on behalf of the congregation, in sympathetio words wished Dr. Roseby farewell, a pleasant trip, and a safe return with mae »red health t# Uw ma« ci hw labours. Mr. G. E Gill, on behalf of the scholars attending the Sunday school, followed in the same strain. The Rsv. J. Hill, M.A., while sympathising with tho members of tho ohurch in their temporary loss, congratulated Dr. Roseby on his intended trip, and trusted ho would derive that benoQt for which it was undertaken. As a friend of 80 years, he paid high tributo to Dr. and Mrs. Roseby. Mr. Graham, on behalf of the members; presentod a purso of money to Dr. Roseby as a memento of the occasion. AT tho meeting of the Surry Hills Mutual Im- provement Sooioty on Wednesday evening in St Mioiael's Had, Fitzroy-streot tho president (Mr. G. Nionolson) in the ohair, tho oleciion of officers for the ensuing half-year resulted as follows : President, Mr. G. Nicholson ; vioi-presideots, Messrs. J. D. Word, A. Campbell, E. Young ; trea'urer, Mr. G. A. Stedman ; secretary, Mr. J no. Neihorcott; assistant secretary, Mr. P Gibb? ., ediiors M.S. Journal, Mews, G-. L. Anderson and H. Herron ; committee, Messrs. G, L, Anderson, A, W. Pratt, ii. G. Graham, R. W. Sawell, and A. Smith. Tns Salvation Army has organised a monster demonstration for to-day. Tbo members will mus- ter at tho Rodfoin Railwaystation at 2.80 pm,, and parade the principal thoroughfares after which a somoa will bo conductod in the Temple in Goul burn-street At 7 o'clook this evening a procession will leave the barracks for the Contenary Hall, York-street whero a seoond sorvico will bo hold. All the meetings will bo presided ovor by Commis- sioner Coombs, assisted by Colonels M'Kie and Taylor. SsiAü-rox at Colombo, thoporttouohed at by the nail boats, is abstieg, says an account received by the last mail steamer. At the ond of last month the number was about five new aasos per day. It had been double that number daring part of last month. In describing the difficulties whioh tho authorities have to combat a Ceylon roport statos that tbo old difficulty of induoing poople to allow their relations who aro siok to bo removed to the hospital continues, and tbo medical officer has had to resort to strategy and persuasion in some cases to get people there. In one house, it is said, on hearing that tho pationt would not go to hospital, ho simply awed the patient and her rela- tions by produoing a big paper, whioh they could' not read, sod from which a big seal de- pended, and reading it off as a pro- clamation from " Queen Victoria, Empress of India," &c;, &c;, that tho patient was to go to hospital ; while in anothor caso whero two rouabs ondoavonred to interioro with the removal of tho patient ho had summonses issued against them, and while they woro in attendance at the court he and his party entered the house and cloared the patient off to the hospital. It has also boen the custom till quito lately to post a special man as a watchor outside infected housos whero thero woro patients who could not bo got to hos- pital, and a largo force of coolies has boon employed in doing this work. Thoy havo sinoe all been dis- missed, however, it being thought that it is vory probable that they would induco people to rosiut the romoval of small-pox patients in tho hope that thoy thus would themselves become gainers in being appointed to watch tho infoctod houses. Tho medical officer says tho disease is boiog rapidly stamped out Owi.va to tbo want of a quorum tho annual meeting of the Zoological Society, whioh was to havo boen held yo6tcrday in Aarons' Exchango Hotel, was postponed for a week. Mp- WILLIAM H. HAMLET, tho Government Analyst, under dato of tho 25th instant, has for- warded to the Board of Health a momorandnm dooling with tho discolouration of tho wator in Port Jackson. Mr. Hamlet on this subject, says: " My attention having boon drawn by the modical advisor to tho Government lo the red colour noticed in different parts of the harbour, I visited Darling Harbour, Pyrmont Balmain, and Johnstone's Bay on torco successivo days to collect samples, and if possible to discover the cause of tho red tint referred to. I find tho dis- colouration occurs in great patches, sometimos large enough to quite fill the whole of ono of the bays ; in other cases tho patches were not eo large. Tho colour was like that of blood or pus, whilo in other places it was of a dun or ohocolato colour. Viewed by transmitted light in a 2ft tube tho water waa of a light rod tint but not turbid. On submitting a number of samples colleoted near tho Abattoirs, Glebe Island, from Jahnstono's Bay, rom near the Sugar Company's works, and from various parts of tho Parramatta River to microscopical examination I found that the peculiar red tint »as due to a minute organism, full of life and activity, and swarming in countloss million«. Thom organisms measure from the l-80Uth to the l-1000th of au inch in length ; they aro egg shaped and aro in all respects Uko Euglena sanguines (Ehrenberg), If this is oonfirmed by furthor observation it will prove interesting, as it is precisoly this organism wn,ch has causod water to sometimes have the appearance of blood; aud to this cause may be attributed mauy legends and myths of olden time." ON Friday evening last a number of the em- ployées of the firm of John Sands assembled at the Sydney Catering Cc'sroomB to present ono of their fellow- employees, on tho eve of his marriage, with a valuable tea and coffs» servios and a pair of entrúo dishes as a token of the high estimation in which he is held by them. Mr. 0. Welsh on behalf of the subscribers made the presentation, and in a few suitable remarks rnado allusiou to tbo successful career of Mr. Skarratt during his 14 years' connec- tion with the firm, and after congratulating him on the step he was about to take oskod the company to drink long life and prosperity to Mr. Skarratt and the future Mrs. Skairatt TUB members of the Star of Eastwood Lodge; No. 131, U.G.L., N.aW., held their annual installation of thoir Worshipful Master and officers for the ensuing year at tbo Masonio Hall, Ryde, on Wodnesday evening last at which thoy were assisted by a nnmber of visiting brethren, including B.W. Bro. Hopion, P.G.W. The retiring W.M., Bro. T. & Harrison, having been re-elooted for that office, ho waB re-installed, after which ho invested his officers eleot with thoir respeotivo offices. After the lodge was oloaed, an adjournment was mado to tho Ryde Counoil-ohambors, whoro a banquet was partaken. IN the No. 1 Jury Court yesterday tho action Eather v. Harden and others was continued, and lasted all day. The evidonco »as closed, and counsel finished their ad dros'os to the jury by 5 o'oloclr, at whidh hour the case was further adjournod till Tuesday morning noxt In the No. 2 Jury Court the action Dwyer v. Kelly was concluded, and tho jury found for defendant on the question of Union-lano being a private hignway, and for tho plaintiff with £50 damages on the count as to tho lane being a publio highway. YESTERDAY on the application of tho defendant in tho recent sotion, Vaughan v. M'Rao, for broach of promise of marriage, Mr. Justice Innos granted a stay of proceedings until the fourth day of noxt term on condition that defendant paid the amount of the verdict into court by the 3rd proximo, or gave security to the satisfaction of tho Pro thonotory. His Honor allowed tho plaintiff to proceed to the taxation of bor coate in regard to the first connt upon which sha succeeded, and tho sum found to be due to the defendant on the count for assault, whioh tho jury found in his favour, is to bo deducted. IN NO. 8 Jury Court yesterday a case of consi- derable interest to the publio carno before his Honor Mr. Justice Innes. It was an action brought by the Attorroy-General against a Mr. Whiddon for evasion of tho Btamp duty. Mr. Q, B. Stephon, instructed by tho Crown Solicitor, appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. Rolin appeared for the defendant The Attorney-General brought the action to reoovor the amount of £580 from the defendant on account of 29 penalties of £20 eaoh, which defendant had incurred under'the Stamp Duties Act It appeared that certain receipts were stamped by a person in the employ of defendant with stamps which hod pre- viously been used, thereby defrauding tho Govern- ment of Btamp duty on receipts. Mr. Rolin, on bobalf of tbo defendant consontod to a verdiot for the plaintiff, and in doing so stated that thora were oertain mitigating circumstances in oonneotion with tho affair which would probably induco the Government te remit the penalty imposed upon the defendant to an extent ooinmensurato with those oireumetancos, A verdiot was accordingly recorded for the plaintiff, MESSES. A. HOBDBIUI AND BOMB havo met with a disagreeable showground experienoa. Yester- day a scoundrel with a sharp knife and a blunt oonsoienoo visited tho firm's furoiture faotory at tho Metropolitan Exhibition and Bkilfully out the upholstered seats of sovoral suitos of furniture. The result of-his work is on exhibition. It is such an effective examplo of villainy that the Royal Agricultural Society of Now South Wales offers a reward of £50 for the, arrest of the perpetrator. THE speech of Sir Henry Parkes, which closed tbe preliminary debate in tho Convention, is re- ferred to by the Now Zealand Times in the follow- ing terms :-" Tho reply covers tho whole ground oeoupied by tho discussion, and makes the case for AwtnliM fafentio« )«*k streng»! thu «ret, Tho time has come for a Boheme which shall put an end for over to the tendency of drifting apart. At tho Bamo time it IB necessary to make provision for defenoe against attack which the wealth of the country is eura to provoke. Burglary and kindred enmos on a largo scale have onterod into the polioy of nations from timo im- memorial , they enter into thom now, and thoy will enter into the n always 'Defence not defiance, IB a motto which has become trito, but it will bo long beforo it becomes unmoaning So long as statesmon ef the calibre of Sir Henry Parkes and fair Georgo Groy protest against tho evils of ' Jingoism,' so long will the motto bave a meaning whioh will bo respected. Ver» littlo elsa in iho whola ranjo of federation presents any ilnngor to tho commonwealth of Australia. Difficulties there aro in plenty, but they roquiro nothing moro than cool head« and unselfish i carts to deal with In that spirit Sir Henry Parkes made his reply, whioh can only bo called a reply in the technical sense oxcept in two particulars. Sir Henry bocamo heatod in denouncing tho Republican londonoy of some speaker whom ho did not namo [Of courso ho alluded to Mr, Dibbs.-ED.] If ho had not Sir George Grey's elective Governors in his oye, it is1 diftloult to imagino what ho bad thorc. In this mattor Sir Henry probably has tho majority on his side. His ßoeond point of sharp Bpeoch was tho plain direction to the malcontent small States to stay out if they choose. ' To a greater and greater extent the American navy is being manned by " foreign mercenaries," and thiB drift of th ngs IB, according to the Boston Globe, becoming quite alarming to the Navy De- partment Of 7916 enlisted mon, only 8668 aro Americans either by birth or by naturalisation, and, deducting the apprentices the American oloment ia lesa than one-third. Meanwhile tho greatest vigi- lance has to be exercised m framing schools to keep tho boys from running awar Nine out of 10 of the apprentice lads novor re-enlist A thousand mon aro wanted in the early spring, bat among Amoricans a singular aversion SOOQB to have grown up against accompanying the old flag on tho seas, lo soo the big navy of the future manned chiefly by foreigners servingunder temporary enlistments cannot but bo somewhat humiliating to the national pride Seoiotary Tracy is now recoiv mg numerously signed potitions from tho warships, protesting against the conditions which loive littlo distinction botweon tho si llled and unskilled in the navy, and which toud to make efficiency of small account as promising promotion and careor of honour for tho man who might be induced to enliBt for lifo Hero is certainly an opportunity to proieot a growing American industry from the competition of pauper sea fighters from abroad. Among tho divers lied classifications of yoomon, seamen, gunners, maetors-at-arms and pettv officers, thoro should be a graded system of promotion, with increased pay And if the naval servico is to be made attractive to wido awake, eolf respooUng, young mon, moro considerate treatment must bo strictly required from the officers, and provision mide by means of a rotirod list for tbo old ago of poor Jack A navy doon not consist altogether of great ships and heavy guns. Those who help float the national flag should bo at least reasonably repre- sentative of the nation whoso name, honour, and character it assumes to defend. Tiru rVana/urüer Zeüung IB informed by a Copenhagen oorrospondeat that Dr. Nansen pur posos starting on his new Polar expedí non about tbe middle of June. Ho will endeavour to get through Behring Straits to the islands of Now Siberia, and ho hopes to find in Soptember open water stretching fnr away towards tbo north His crew will includo only eight men, and his vessel will bo provisioned for five years But ho hopos to roach tho Polo within two years. Tho Danish Govornmont contributes 50,000 kronor (about £2750), and M. Gamél, a loading merchant, givos a similar sum. Tents aro being talon as part of the equipment to enable tho party to stay on land or ico should tho rossel bo fa ally injured. Strong boats will also ba provided. Dr Nanson uxpocts to lind hitherto undiscovered land in the neighbourhood of tho Polo and bo expects to bave to mako a good part of tho jonrney at i tomporature as low as from 86 to 40 below zero Centigrade (=61 to 72 bolow froe7inir point of Fahronhoit). He propoaos making excursions for the purpose of meteorological observations and also to investigate the condition, &.c, of the ice. THOM tho Pall Wall Gazette of February 20 we leam that the 1 renoh Budget Bill which waa dis cussod at a Cahinot Council provides that the pro posed 'eduction in tho railway traolo duty »hall commence on April 1, 1892. Tho loss to the Treasury will thus bo only 38 OOO.OOOf, although for tho wholo yoar tho difference vould amount to 49 OOO.OOOf The increase in th* Customs revenue will certainlv be cinsidernblo, although tho actual figure cannot yot be fixed whether tho gonoral tariff proposed by Government be adopted or the inoroased rates introduced by tho Customs oommittee. The inoroaso in the duties will bo such as to supplement the receipts to a considerable extent and no approhonsions aro felt as to the roduction of 08 000 OOOf. in the railwav trafilo duty being thus eountorbilancsd Iho fresh expenditure resulting from tho application of tho now laws nlating to the salarios of teachors an I to tho arrears of tho loan of 809 OOO.OOOf., or from the normal mcreaso of tho requirement« of the public service amounts to 69 000 OOOf , but various economies have boen elTec ed and the dis- appearance of certain non recurring expenses will reduce the amou t to SO 0U0 OOOf, wh oh will be moro than covered by the increasod revenue from taxes which will bo levied yearly with abao lute regularity Thus the Budget of 1892 is balanced without tho creation of fresh taxes, but on the contrary, with an important decreaso-namely, that in the ra lway trafilo duty The incorporation in tho Budget of tbo extraordinary war estimates, which was dono for the first timo list year IB main- tained Tho war oxpondituro, described as extra ordinary, forms simply a second eeotion of tbe ordinary war budget, and will be coxored hence forth entirely by tho revonue from taxation Srn OHAULTO DII.KF delivered a lentara at BruBSols on February 16 on tho conditions of labour in Australia, beforo tho Sooioty for tho Study of Social and Econom o Questions. Sir Charles who spoko in French, bogan bv staling that in Australia labour was botter organised than any- where and tho workini clnssos oonsoqumtly enjoyed higher wanes and shorter hours than their follows in othor countrios In spito of their organization, hownvor, tho workmen had been de- feated in the recent groat striko, which was a proof of tho powor of well organizo 1 capital. Aflor remarking inoidontally that his svmpa thioa had b on with tho mon, the loctnror went on to say that the result of the stoke would no doubt raduco tho working classes to tako honceforward a more active part than hitherto in political lifo and thoy would sparo no effort to incresBO all tatos which tonohod c pital and, in particular, the succession duos. He thought that soci iham, OTCopt in tho form of Stato socialism, had no root in Austnlia, as tho greater portion of the workers had proporty of thoir own He dealt oxhaußtively with tho Chinese immigration ques- tion. It would bo bettor to oxo udo Chinese than be later on forcod to tal>o measures for thoir pro- tection. Sir Charlo» concluded by expressing his conddonco in tho prosperity of tho Australian oolo mes despite the largo oxtont of thou indebted- ness Mns. MAHY LOWBLI. IS known as the " Eleotn cal Stsr " according to tho New Toik press, and lately (Iron sayB) turnod hor lovo for electrical engineering to practical account. She was without a servant, and determined lo try whothor she could not light tho kitchen Uro by means of a tamo flash of oleotnoity, so to speak, and then let it burn up bofore she got up herself. She fitted up wires to and from her bed hoad to the la oben grate, thus complotmg an olectno current with the aid of a small battery, and all that then remained to bo dono was to so "build" the fire that tho materials should moro easily ignite. The wires woro connected by a piece of platinum, and romil this tbero was loosolv wrapped what firework makora call "lightning paper." Over this, again, was strewn some tissuo papor, npon it plaoid a whoel of firewood, and on the latter the coal At Bevon m the morning, when the Aro had to be lit the current was sent by Mrs. Lowell through tho wiroB. Tbo platinum lit the lightning papor then the tissue, the tissue the Ore wood, and tho firewood the coal When Mrs. Lowoll descended to tho kitohon the kettle was bo ling and tho plaoo comfortaoly warm. The lady thinks sho has done something towarda the solution of the servant question with whioh honsokoopors in America aro more troubled than some of na hore have any idea of, TUB following is the report of the Bonovolcnt Asylum for the wook ended March 25, 1891 - Admitted, 8 women, 7 children births, 10 doaths, 6, discharged, 6 women, 12 ohlldron , remaining In tho Asylum, 101 women, 140 ohlldron, total 244 , pro- vision« distributed, 1677 loaves bread, 9441b flonr, C801b moat, 4721b »ligar, 1161b tea, 441b Bago, 031b rico lib arrowroot, 581b oatmeal lhere waa one fresh application for relief, and there wore 3 renewal» of relief, viz., 1 desiituto couplo. 1 dostitnto man having a wifo and 6 children, 1 husband in gaol having 3 ohildren, 1 aged dostitnto woman total, 7 adults, 9 children Caaes reported by the inspector, 34, In 14 cases the relief was discontinued, in 2 cases the money waa disallowed, m another it was reduood. Total number of oases religad». Ü«, 