I THE SEPTEMBER MAGAZINES. The magazines for the month are singularly dull reading on the whole. Macmillan's continues Bret Harte's new story, " A First Family of Tnsujara," which proceeds to develop itself on the familiar lines suggested by the opening chapters. A paper on Pestalozzi, the famous Swiss educational reformer, and a readable sketch called " The Humours of Baccarat " are among the more noticeable articles. An interesting account of the fruit-growing industry in Florida, a half-humorous deprecation of the Magnum Opus theory, and one or two slight sketches, fill the pages for the month. Markwood Edinburgh Magazine opens with a descriptive article about diamond digging in South Africa, by Lieutenant-Colonel Knollys. In the course of a graphic account of this pursuit and its surroundings, he incidentally refers to Kimberley. in terms of high praise of " its law-abiding characteristics, its energy and enterprise, and the gentleman-like, highly-educated tone of its society." Englishmen, he says, have reason to be proud of the town as worthily representing thonntion. An ingenious study of "Macbeth as the Celtic Type," by Moira O'Neill, is well worth the perusal of those attracted by this class of subject. The writer argues that as Shakespeare has given us a type of the ancient' Greek in Ulysses, and types of the old Roman in Brutus and Coriohmus ; of the modern Italian in Romeo and Proteus, and the modern Frenchman in Lafou and Parolles, there is no inherent improbability of his having intended to draw for us, with full insight and deep sympathy, a firm and finished likeness of the Celt in Macbeth. The hypothesis is elaborately worked out. Another readable paper is a sketch called " My Pythagorean Friend." A contribution relating to " Early Settlers in English America " cannot be said to tell the reader anything very now, and among the rest of the contents the most noticeable paper is one about the late Mr. Russell Lowell, of whom it is said that he " sings sweetly, like the babe' link, but we seem to know the strain ; perhaps we like it none the worse on that account, but it cannot pretend to the sublime grandeur of inspired originality." Longman's is chiefly remarkable this month for the first of Mr. Froude's articles on " The Spanish Story of the Armada." They are based on a collection of letters and documents recently brought to light by Captain Fernandez Dure, an officer in the Spanish navy, which give the opinions of the Spanish commanders on their defeat for the first time. The Duke of Medina Sidonia, who led the expedition, is spoken of by Mr. Froude as a fat, good-humoured, and entirely incapable of leader, who had no ambition for such adventures and would have preferred staying at home. The details of the preparation and departure of the Armada are explicit enough to enable this writer to reconstruct whole scenes, and the history of events leading up to the expedition is succinctly reviewed. But the most interesting part of the Dure papers is that reproducing letters from the Duke of Medina Sidonia protesting his own unfitness to lead the Armada. ' ' My health is bad, and from my small experience of the water I know that I am always sea-sick," we find him writing to the monarch's secretary. He pleaded his debts and his ignorance of navigation and sea fighting ; but his Sancho Panza like protestations were of no avail. Then follow some quaint instructions of the King, full of anticipations of almost everything but disaster. Mr. Froude's present paper takes the history of the expedition up to the departure from Corunna, after the fleet had recovered from the effects of its first storm. The series promises to be of unusual interest. H. A. Brydon describes a journey across the Kalahari desert, and Mr. Andrew Lang contributes his usual notes under the familiar heading " At the Sign of the Ship." The serial stories by L. B. Walford and F. Marion Crawford are continued. Cornhill s most attractive feature is the continua- tion of A. Comm Doyle's fine story " The White Company," but some papers on Chinese advertising and German manners are readable. The latter recommends the adoption of the German term " Baokfisoh," to describe the young lady from 15 to 18 years of age, who keeps a diary, climbs trees secretly, bushes on the smallest provocation, and has no conversation. The word "Schwarten," too, requires an equivalent to describe falling in love with the artistic or intellectual gifts of any more or less distinguished man or woman. Thus the writer assures as a German girl can "schooner" for any of these, send bouquets, ask for autographs, buy photographs, and play at suffering the grand passion in the most innocent and enjoyable fashion without exciting maternal alarm. A man can "schwurineu" also, it is added, but the objects of his " Schwennesen " seldom happen to be of his own sex. A Danish account of the Battle of Copenhagen forms an interesting article, and some other readable sketches, with the continuation of "The New Rector," complete the number. Temple Bar has a chatty paper about " Science and Society in the Fifties," by Mrs. Andrew Crosse, that will reward the reader. Faraday is spoken of as a man of such abstruse originality that he seemed a dweller in the very empyrean of thought, and as a voracious novel-reading in his hours of re- laxation. He exacted a strict obedience from his helpers, and a story is told of the assistant at his lectures who, not having been told to discontinue work one evening as usual, was found next morning still sinking away at the glowing furnaces, as he had been all night; but Mrs. Cross. adds that she could not but notice Faraday's kind tone of voice when issuing his orders in a manner which implied a true sense of mutual obligation. There are anecdotes here about Spiritualism, the scientific strain in Tennyson's verse, and the quarrels of scientific men. Arago's abuse of Leverrier is quoted as the most comprehensive in the language ; he said his brother scientist was " the greatest scoundrel within the orbit of Neptune which certainly does not leave much scope for outside comparisons. Rhoda Broughton writes on a " Home of Rest for horses, and there is a slight piece of description of a journey from St. Petersburg to Sebastopol, a paper about Ibsen, another about Chinese cookery, with some sketches in prose and verse, and the regular instalments of the two continued stories. Murray's Magazine opens with a contribution from the Rev. Haskett Smith on " Calvary and the Tomb of Christ." The writer maintains that the church of the Holy Sepulchre fails to satisfy the impartial investigators as to its claims to occupy the site of Calvary; and, he adds, "I feel sure that sooner or later the barren and mournful hill beyond the gate of Damascus will be generally regarded as the real scene of the crucifixion." There is another of Mrs. A. Phillips's articles on "SocialBath in the Last Century," with some gossipy stories about Nash, Wesley, the Countess of Huntingdon, Pope, the practice of duelling, and other interesting matters. A paper about "Stray Children in Fiction " has some pretty things to say about little follows in the pages of the novelists like Paul Dombey, tittle Rawdon Crawley, Bryon Lyndon, Charles Lamb's dream children, and the like. A good story is contributed by Hannah Lynch, under the title of " The Romantic Episode in the Life of Miss Charlotte O'Mara," and the rest of the issue is taken up by the two serials, some verses, notes of the month, and other papers among them one about the Gage dwellers of CiUoia. The English Illustrated opens with a " Song of the Year," from the pen of Lewis Morris and the Rabbi of the New West End Synagogue, London, contributes the second of his articles about the Russo-Jewish immigrant, with graphic illustrations by Ellen Gertrude Cohen. Then there are illustrated articles about the Queen's private gardens at Osborne, Emanuel Hospital at Westminster, Chiswick (with pretty sketches), Turkish girlhood, and the conclusion of F. Marion Crawford's story, with its grotesque illustrations, " The Witch of Prague" None of these articles are very interesting, except, perhaps, that describing the advance of Western customs and ideas among the women of the Orient. The Westminster Review discusses anonymously "The Italian Ministry" and the state of affairs produced by the fall of Crispi. The new Cabinet, it is said, has saved 45 millions in the national expenses, and uimB at closing the period of recrimination between France and Italy. Before this is done, it is pointed out, Italy must offer some efficient guarantee with regard to her connection with the Triple Alliance, and so far the real foreign policy of the Di Rudini Cabinet has shown itself in the renewal of its amity with the alliance. Edmund R. Spearman writes a notice of a new book, Etc dam VHumaniti, by Maria Doraismes, under the title of Eve's Mission." "If all champions of womankind," the writer begins, were to produce as entertaining and as wise challenges for sexual equality in human sociology as this, 'the tyrant man' would have long since succumbed out of pure favor nation." MdUo. Deraismos has been by turns musician, composer, painter, classical scholar, mathematician, actress, and authoress. She argues that the inferiority of woman is not an act of nature, but a human invention and a social fiction. Any intellectual difference is pernicious to the moral bond. She dissects the social evil with a firm hand, and in one part of her work she examines the stage's treatment of women with a keenly critical fearlessness ' Shakespeare. opinion," she says, "is easily grasped, ],. believes in masculine superiority " The revenue claims for the book that it is full of subject for serious thought, and that the w,., grasp of the writer's intellect, with her catholic tone and discerning login, gives every page its value The fourth article on Abraham Lincoln appears in this number of the Roma, and under the title of A. Choapeuod Paradue" Linda Gardiner writes about a general. tion of miserable maidens, shrieking 2000 for husbands England is suffering from a superabundance of women, she says state of things which is injurious to their social and moral life, because it impels women into ill. assorted marriages on the principle of any port in a storm, and lowers the dignity and the whole position of the sex Modem courtship, it is added, is carried on the part of the woman by making capital out of the man's fault glossing our his vices, displaying those attractions it Inch require the least exertion of soul and mind to comprehend, and schooling herself in the worldly wisdom of the marriage market " Let us guard our courtships," is the moral of the article There are also articles about the Swoohng Commission, the Malthusian doctrine and star photograph) In "Hodge," an article' on the English farm labourer, by Joseph J Dares, a prophecy is ventured that he will prove as a practical politician a mighty factor in the development of our social history possessing by inheritance an abundant fund of patience, and being more given to deeds than words An article on " Christopher North," by Randolph Lee, is interesting to those familiar with this character in literature The -YnciHry House Maquine has another ills. trated article this month about " Childhood in Art," by Theodore Child Conon Pennington writes the second of his humor col sketches, " The Crosier and Crown, and another paper discusses the question "Are High Churohiuon Disloyal?" The Nnulual *fcya.w< deals with the structural unseaworthiness of ships, the Not of Exhibition, requirements of the merchant service, and other kindred matters Tis though' Our Paper has an article by) Mr Percy Waddy, JB A about the Sydney University Among the American periodicals the mo. noticeable is The Forum, with four articles on different phases of the problems of adhesion, and papers about publishers' profits, the former' isolation, the future of the electric railway, flu triumph of Wagnonsm, &a; Scnhncr continues Mr B Ti Stevenson's engrossing story, "The Wrecker," and the fifth of Lieutenant Eidgoly Hall's papers on " Steamship Lines of the World " is copiously illustrated Andrew Lang writes about " Adventures Among Books giving the story of his own youthful experiences, and there are papers about " Browning s sold" odd American homes, and other taking subjects The concluding paragraphs, called " The Point of View," are always interesting reading The Century Illustrated contains one of George Kcnnan'sarticles about Siberia, descriptive of a winter journey, with some very taking illustrations by George A First and Henry Sandham Frank Dempster Sharman writes about the poems of Thomas Bailey Aldrich, a portrait of whom u prefixed to this number Henry Cabot Lodge calculates the distribution of ability in the United States, and under the title of "A Painter's Purodiso " Elizabeth Robins Pennell v, rates pleasantly about a holiday in Provence, with illustrations by Joseph Pennell The possibility of mechanical flight is discussed, and there are some good descriptive papers, and a readable one about country newspapers in the State, LippincoW t has its usual complete story, " Carlotta Intended," by Ruth M'Enerj Stuart There are like a poem by Douglas Sladen, home dot er storytellers, and an excellent display of miscellaneous articles ranging from " Society in Different Cities" to "RealPooplein Fiction " St. Nicholas has its usual delightful budget of pretty stories, verses, and pictures for young readers 