SHIPPING. May 27.-LADT MUSGRAVE, s., Captain W. J. Collin, from Bundaberg direct. Passengers: Mes- dames Duncan and child, Manetti, ana Miss Riley. Wm. Collin, agent. DEPARTURE. Moy 27.-RANELAGH, A.U.S N. Company's s., 838 tons, Captain T. Law Johnston, for Maryborough and Bundaborg. Passengers: Mesdames Milne, Waygood, Bliss Catherine M'Namara, Messrs. J. M. Manson, E. H. Beamis, James Morgan, D. Watson, J. Macalister, E. W. Finlayson, W. G. Harden, Leonard Spencer, Leslie Wolf, and 41 in the steorago. The B.I. and Q.À, Company, Limited, managing agents, IMPORTS. (A special charge made on consignees' announcements inserted in this column.) Edinburghshire, barque, from Glasgow: 20 oases Epsom salts, 42 packages sewing machines, 59 reels paper, 10 cases window glass, 80 bales bags, 24 casks punting ink, 50 cases ginger ale, 25 drams tar, 2 casks pumice stone, 19 casks colour, 26 crates bottles, 10S ovens and covers, 100 cases cordials, 575 oases jams, 2000 flrebrioks, 1255 bars and 29 bundles iron, 8 bales bagging, 25 casks ginger ale, 20 steel plates, 1057 cast-iron pipas, 9 orates earthenware, 133 tons pig iron, 79 cases paper, 170 casks cement, 168 oases oil- men's stores, 10 casks vinegar, 25 drums oil, 50 oases wine, 334,010 quarter-casks and 5 octaves whisky, 970 oases and hogsheads beer, 142 casks paint, 308 kegs lead, 226 bales paper, 1174 stones, and sundries. Anglo-Norman, barque, from 'London : 25 rolls wire netting, 25 drums tar, 80 drums oil, 2 oasos brushware, 20 cases oream tartar, 10 oases tartario aoid, 20 cases Epsom salts, 5 kegs saltpetre, 2 casks ammonia, 100 boxes gelignite, 6 boxes detonators, 100 boxes gelatine dynamite, 200 boxes dynamite, 84r grindstones, 80 quaiter-boxes 280 paokages 1000 boxes and 80 quarter-boxes gunpowder, 17 cases cart- ridges, 4 packages'papor, 100 retorts, 16 cases glasswaro, 19 cases merchandise, 6000 casks cement, 715 cases and 49 quarter- casks whisky, 149 bales and cases drapery, 398 cases merchandise, 255 cases oil stoics, 90 drums tar, and sundries. Hawke's Bay, s., from Antwerp, via London: 60 cases candles, 10 tanks malt, 10 casos cocoa, 12 cases hats, 3 orates earthenware, 100 oases jams, 26 bundles springs, 28 paokages machinery, 1000 casks cement, 10 oases paper, 10 cases butter, a quantity of cargo not specified, sundries, and through cargo for Northern ports, in all 1000 tons. Sedwell Jane, brigantine, from Port German, South Australia : 2493 bags wheat. EXPORTS. Cintra, s., for Sydney: 65 casos pines, 133 bags maize, 27 bags oysters, 3 horses, and sundries; for Molbourne-17 cases pines, 41 bags oysters, 10 bales greasy wool, 21 bales hay, and 11 bundles polos. Eurimbla, s., for Sydney : 4 cases pelts, 40 oases pines, 10 paokages machinery, 5 cases vestas, 250 bundles wire, 22 cases fruit, 91 bags maize, and sundries. STEAMERS DUE. From Cooktown and ports.-Wodonga to-day. From Rockhampton.-Burwah to-day. From Sydney. - Konoowarra to-day and Aramac to-morrow. STEAMERS LEAVING. For Sydney and Melbourne.-Konoowarra to- morrow at 3 p.m. For Maryborough and Rockhampton. Burwah to-morrow at 3 p.m. SHIPPING MOVEMENTS. QUEENSLAND. Arawatta, s., from Brisbane, is due to-day in Melbourne. She takes her departure from there at 1 p.m. on Saturday for Sydney and Bris- bane. Aramao, s., left Sydney yesterday, and is due here to-morrow. Anglo-Norman, barque, from London, is now discharging at the South Brisbane wharf. Adonis, s., from Brisbane, arrived yesterday at Tewantin. Barcoo, s., from Brisbane, left Townsville yesterday, and is due in Cooktown to-morrow morning. Birksgate, s., is still laid up in Sydney. Bulimba, s., is still in Brisbane. Burwah, s., from Rockhampton, arrived yester- day morning at Maryborough, and should reach Brisbane early to-day. She leaves to-morrow for Maryborough and Rockhampton. Cintra, s., from Brisbane, is due to-day in Sydney. She will take her doparture from there to-morrow, and should reach Melbourne on Sunday. Chingtu, s., from Hongkong, is duo to-day at Townsville. Derwent, s., from Cooktown, with tho Leura's mails and passengers, for Burketown, is due to- day at Thursday Island. She will probably reach Burketown on Monday. Diokey, s., from Townsville, is now bound for Brisbane. Eurimbla, s., from Brisbane, is due to-day in Sydney. She leaves there to- morrow after- noon, and should reach Melbourne on Sunday. Edinburghshire, barque, from1 Glasgow, is now discharging at D. L. Brown and Co.'s wharf. Fitzroy, s., from Brisbane, arrived yesterday at Bundaberg, and is due at Rockhampton wharf on Friday. Glanworth, s., is now laid up in Brisbane undergoing repairs. Hawke's Bay (Tyser line steamer) from Lon- don, leaves Brisbane to-day for Rockhampton, whence she will proceed to New Zealand. Halloy Bayley, schooner, from Brisbane, arrived yesterday at Townsville. Konoowarra, s., from Sydney, is duo to-day in Brisbane. She leaves at 3 p.m, to-morrow for Sydney, Melbourne, and Adelaide. Leura, a., from Cooktown, arrived yesterday at Townsville. She will take her departure from there to-day, and should reach Brisbane early on Monday. Lady; Musgrave, s., from Bundaberg, arrived last night in Brisbane. Otter, Government steamer, from Rockhamp- ton, probably arrived last night in Moreton Bay. Ousuri, barque, whioh left Rockhampton on Tuesday for Sydney, returned to Keppel Bay yesterday. Rodondo, s., from Brisbane, is duo to-day in Melbourne. She will probably leave there to-morrow for Adelaide. Riversdale, ship, from Tchio, is still in the Garden Reach, awaiting repairs. Ranelagh, s., left Brisbane yesterday, is due to-day at Maryborough, and to-morrow at Bundaberg. Sedwell Jane, brigantine, from Sydney, is still in port. Tara, E.M.S., is berthed at the A.U.S.N. Company's wharf, Kangaroo Point. She takes her departure for London on Tuesday the 9th June. ' Wodonga, s., from Cooktown, arrived yester- day in Koppel Bay, left again, and is due this afternoon in Brisbane. She leaves here on Saturday morning for Sydney and Melbourne. Warrego, s., from Brisbane, is due in Keppel Bay to-day, in Townsville early on Saturday, and in Cooktown on Tuesday. Yaralla, s., from Burketown, is due to- day at Thursday Island, and on Saturday at Cooktown. INTERCOLONIAL AND OVERSEA. Cambrian Monarch, ship, arrived at Mel- bourne yesterday from London. Eagle, s., from Hobart, arrived yesterday at Melbourne. Monowai, E.M.S., from San Francisco, arrived yesterday at Sydney. Océanien, F.M.S., from Sydney, arrived yes- terday in Melbourne en route for Marseilles. Victoria, R.M.S., from London, arrived yes- terday at Melbourne. SHIPPING MEMORANDA. The B.M.S. Tara is still berthed at the A.Ü.S.N. wharf, Kangaroo Point, discharging cargo and taking in a supply of coal. Her voyage out was pleasant and uneventful, good weather being experienced throughout. She left Lon- don on the 2nd April, and arrived at Thursday Island on the 15th May, and at Cooktown on the 17th. At Thursday Island she dis- charged 121 tons of cargo, at Cooktown 63 tons, at Cairns 81 tons, Townsville 553 tons, Bowen 3 tons, Mackay 120 tons, Rockhampton 250 tons, and has 1460 tons to discbarge in Brisbane. She landed 4 immigrants at Thurs- day Island, 8 at Cooktown, 2 at Port Douglas, l8 at Cairns, 88 at Townsville, 8 at Bowen, 30 at Maokay, 42 at Rockhampton, and 233 at Brisbane. Tho3e landed in Brisbane ¡nolude 24 married couples, 67 single men, 115 single girls, 23 male and 12 female children, and 3 infants. The immigrants, particularly the girls, are of a superior olass, and comparatively few of them remained yesterday evening at the Immigration Depot. The Tara will probably go to the South Brisbane wharf to-morrow, where she will discharge her eargo. She leaves on~the 9th of next month for London. \- The forty-eight boyB and nine women re- cruited by the Para, whioh arrived in Brisbano this week from a long cruise among the South Sea Islands, left for the Colonial Sugar plantation, Johnstone Eiver, on Tuosday. Three of the reoruits, suffering from disease, wero rejected by the Government medical officer. The Para left Brisbane with thirty four time-expired islanders on the 17th December, and after an uneventful passage arrived at Anoityum on 3rd January. Land- ing and recruiting was begun on 4th January, and continued till 11th May, when the vessel loft for Brisbane with fifty-six recruits on board. The voyage throughout has been remarkable for the unusual quantity of hurri oanes and bad weather. While at anohor at Palicola Island, off Santa, two boats, a cutter, and a lifeboat came alongside the brig with the oiew of the Gorman ship G. W. Gildermeister, bound from Newcastle to Hongkong, whioh had been dismasted in a hurricane about 100 miles west of the Hebrides. She had also sprung a leak. Captain Hazelman said that he tried to bring his vessel to Port Sandwich, hut ho was unablo to prevent her from going down tho coast of Sancho, where she mot with un- favourable winds, and driftod ashore at Requiem Bay, where she became a total wreck. Tho crew, eighteon all told, were in a wretched condition when pioked up by tho Para ; their limbs were swollen from exposure, and most of them were thoroughly exhausted. The Para took them to Port Sandwioh, whoro they were received and well treated by the French Trading Company. Whilst the ship was passing along the Mallicolo coast on Sunday, 1st February, and close to the mission station at Port Stanley, groat excitement Was caused by seeing a small battle goingu on, between the natives of t the mission islandrwho mustered about sixty, and the natives of a small reef island olose by, who musterSd-men, women, and children-about twenty. The fight was about a woman, who, it appears, had boon landed about a year ago and who preferred to live on the mission island to living with her lawful proprietor. She thought she would like to see her old home, but on arrival her husband carno forward and boat her sevoroly with a stick. Sho went back and oomplained to her friends at the mission station, hence the fight. A good supply of yams was obtainable at all the islands, twenty one of whioh wore visited. During the voyage the Para sighted and spoke the Rodoriok Dhu, the Ariel, May, Helena, and Archimodes.^ The majority of the vessels seen had experienced rough weather and had dono but veiy little in the way of recruiting. The Ariel had 16 boys, the Archimedes 16, and the Helena 34. All those ships had been about four months out. The May and Rodoriok Dhu had about 45 each, and had, liko the Para, worked the Hebrides group, whilst the others had boen to the Solo- mons. The health of the passengers was very good throughout tho voyage. Tlie British-India and Queensland Agency Company have advice through Reuter's that tho R.M.S. Jelunga, homeward bound from Queensland poits, left Port Said on the 25th instant, four days early. The Harbour Mastor (Captain Mackay) re- ceived a telegram yesterday morning Btating that the Portmastor (Captain Almond), who is making his annual examination of the ports, lighthouses, and lightships, left Thursday Island on Monday morning by the steamer Laura, for Brisbano, vi/t the various ports. Tho alleged overloading of the Derwent on the ocoasion of her departure with the free labourers for Queensland was befoio the Marino Board, Melbourne, at its mooting last week. At a previous meoting (says the Argun) it was determined to ask the advice of the Crown Solicitor as to prosecuting tho persons respon- sible for tho breach of tho Marino Board regu- lations. His advice was that it would be inex- pedient to tako action, as there was no one at present in the colony in a position to say whether the vessel had more passengers on board than she was authorised to carry. Sho was licensed for 185 passengers, and although Mr. Mitchell, the secretary to tho Pastoralists' Union, admitted that he had issuod tickets to 189 free labourers, ho know that two of thom did not go, and he believed that two others romained behind. Under those circumstances, and as the captain of the Derwent was out of the oolony, and groat delay must necessarily ensue in instituting a proseoution, he advised that it would bo desirable not to proceed further in the matter. This suggestion met with the approval of the board. The now lugger, Pearl King, built at Sydney by Mr. Ford for Mr. T. C.'Kelly, and intended for the Torres Straits pearl fishery, has arrived at the island after a splendid run of twelve and a-hatf days from Sydney. A bottle was picked up on the heaoh about two miles south of Port Wakefield (S.A.) recently by a lad named Rodoriok Morris. It had boen thrown overboard from the Austrian man-of-war Saida on 23rd January, when on the passage from Adelaide to Melbourne. It contained a dooument, whioh read as follows : -" 23/1/91. S.M. Schiff Saida, auf do fahrt von Adelaide naoh Melbourne, I at. 34deg. 57min. 7soo. long,, 138deg. ßmin. Au bold alles wohl.-Riboli." The bottle had evidently been quite recently washed ashore by a high tide. Letters received from the West Falkland Islands state that H.M. sloop Basilisk, Com- mander LOWÍB B, Wintz, had a narrow escape recently of being swamped. She was on pas- sage from Port Stephens to Speedwell, in the West Falkland Islands, and was rounding the point outside the entrance to Port Stephens Harbour when she ran suddonlyinto a "tide race." A heavy sea was running and one of these seas broke over the poop of the Basilisk, completely submerging the afterpart of the vessel. The offioers' cabins and wardrooms were flooded, the furniture in the captain's cabin was greatly damaged, and a large iron grating was unshipped and flung down into the engine-room, but fortunately it fell olear of the engines and machinery, otherwise the conse- quences must have been most disastrous. The slightest accident in the engine-room would have sealed the fate of the ship, as the lee shore was only about 200 yards distant. The barque Anglo-Norman, from London, arrived off Cape Moreton on the 23rd instant, at 7 p.m.; but being unable to obtain a pilot, she had to stand out to sea and wait until day- light the following morning, when the pilot came on board. -The ship was taken in tow by the tug Beaver off- the Fairway buoy, and towed aoross to the Bar. Having explosives on board, she was detained there until the 26th in order to discharge them. She was then towed up the river by the Boko, and finally berthed at Webster's wharf, South Brisbane, where she will discharge the balance of her cargo. The Anglo-Norman is a fine-looking barque of 822 tons register. She left the East India Dook, London, on the 25th January, and crossed the equator on Cth March, and passed the meridian of the Cape on the 14th April, and the Crozets on the 21st; passed the Leeuwin on the 5th May, and rounded Tasmania on the 12th. The first land seen during the passage was the Solitary Islands, which were passed on the 21st. The passage from anchor to anchor has occupied 110 days, and from the Lizards to Cape Moreton 105 days, and, to use Captain Hayton's own words, " it has been the most trying and tedious passage he has ever made." The Sub-collector of Customs at Samarai, New Guinea (Mr. D. Ballantine), has forwarded to the Queensland Marine Board a copy of the minutes of an inquiry held by him at Samarai on the loss of the ketch Victor at Bramble Pa ÎS on the 6th March. The Victor was a ketch of 35 tons, and was registered at the port of Bris- bane. She was on her way from the Lauchlins to Sudest. From the evidence of the master, William Whitten, it appears that at noon on the 6th March the vessel was at Bramble Pass, the wind being south-west and blowing strongly. In tacking, the ketch missed stays near the reef on the port side going in, and the Victor came np head to wind and stopped. <? Notwith- standing all their efforts to prevent the ketch from grounding, a strong tide that was Betting in carried her across the point of the reef, against the wind, until she bumped on the rocks. Tliey tried by,every moans to get her off, but the sea beat them up tho roof higher and higher. As the water was rising above the forecastle they resolved'to abandon the vessol. The wreck was Bold for £20, "The finding of the Sub-eollectorof"Caâtoms"is as follows: " The passage knoWn"ää Bramble Pass, north of Sudest, seems to have been too narrow for a vossol of the Viotor's size to have beat through, and should not have . been ? attempted, the wind being ahead. No clear reason has been given to account for the vessel missing stays. The master should have taken bettor care of his log-book on leaving the vessol." Captain W. J. Oollin reports that the Lady Musgrave left Burnett Heads at 10 p.m. on Tuesday, 26th instant ; passed over Wide Bay Bar at 9 a.m. yesterday, and arrived Brisbane wharf 10.30 p.m. Experienced strong south cast winds and moderate sea. VESSELS TO ARRIVE.-MAY 27. Aberearne, barque, 1088 tons, from London for Brisbane; sailed 16th January. Wobater and Co., agents. America, 1230 tons, from London for Brisbane; sailed 2nd March, Castlemaine Brewery and Quinlan, Gray, and Co., Limited, agents. Adolph Hatboe, barque, 1091 tons, from Glasgow for Brisbane; to sail in April. D. L Brown and Co., agents. Abbiol Abbott, brigantine, 590 tons, from New York for Brisbane; sailed 12th Fobvuary, Webster and Co., agents. , Blackadder, barquo, 970 tons, from London for Brisbane; to sail in April. Webster and Co., agents. Beomah, barquo, from Glasgow. Aplin, Brown, and Co., agents. Buckmgham, Tysor Lino steamer, 4010 tons, from London for Brisbane, via Southern porta; Bailed 18th April. WobBtep and Co., agonts. City of Glasgow, Bhip, 1168 tons, from London for Brisbane ; sailed 14th February. Brabant and Co., agonts. County of Flint, barquo, 1083 tons, from London to Brisbane ; to sail 10th January. poryurechon, barque, 1299 tons, from London for Brisbane; to Bail20th February. Smellie and Co., agents. . \ Charles G. Rice, barque, 680 tons, from Now York for Brisbane! Parbury, Lamb, and Co., agonts. Crummook Water, barque, 995 tons, from Glas- gow for Normanton; to sail 20th Decembor. Olynder, barque, from Glasgow. D. L. Brown and Co., agents. Deutchland, German barque, 838 tons, from Hamburg, D. L. Brown and Co,, agents. Durham, s., 8234 tons, from London for Bris- bane; to sail in April. > Webster and Co,, agents. Gulf Stream, 1878 tons, ¿rom London for Bris- bane; sailed 10th Maroh. Parbury, Lamb, and Co., agents. Gulf of Corcovado, s., from Glasgow: to sail in May. D. L. Brown and Co., agonts. Halmalcor, 572 tons, from London for Brisbane, sailed 28th February. D. - It. Brown and Co., agents. Hippolyta, barque, 790 tons, from London for Brisbane ; sailed 19th November, and put into Newcastle on the 18th March iii distress, Smollio and Co., agents. Jumna, s., 6197 tons, from London for Brisbane; to sail 25th March, The B.I. and Q.A. Company, Limited, agents, Kinfauns, barque, 981 tons, from London for Brisbane; to sail in April. Largs Bay, barque, 1178 tons, from Mayport, for Cairns; to Bail on 14th February. Lapwing, barquo, 747 tons, from Liverpool for Brisbane; sailed 20th January. Lodi Fergus, barquo, 846 tons, from Liverpool for Brisbane. Castlemaine Brewery and Quinlan, Gray, and Co., Limited, agents. Maori King, Tysor Line steamer, 8808 tons, from London ; to Bail 8th May. Wohster and Co., Moroior, barquo, 725 tons, from London for Cairns; to sail BIBI January. Merkara, B.I.S.N. Company's' R.M.S., 3094 tons, Captain A. B. Cate',' from/London.' for Brisbane, via ports ; to sail 27th 'April., The BJ. and Q.A. Company, Limited, agents. ' ', Moren, barqu6;'-681 torçs, from London, for Townsvillo ; to satl'on 16th March. ', Marion Crosbie;barquo, 1426 tons, from Glasgow for Brisbane; to sail on the lOtll Maroh. D. L. Brown and Co., agents. ¡ Marion Woodside, from London for Brisbano; sailed in March D. L. Brown and Co., agents. Nordlyset, Bhip, 1600 tons, from Glasgow for Brisbano; sailed on iho EOth Fedruary. This veBsel put back to roStow oargo shifted in hoavy weather. D. L. Brown and Co",,, agents. ' Buthwell, barque, 1296 tons, from' London for Brisbano; sailed on the 11th February. Parbury, Lamb, and Co,, agents. Star of England, Tysor Line stoamer, 8511 tons j to said 8rd May, ?. Webster and Co., agonts. Sorapis, ship, 995 lons, from London for Bris- bane ; sailed on the 25th February, Webstor and Co,, agents. Siam, iron ship, 630 tons, from 'London for Brisbane; sailed 23th March, Smellie and Co., agonts. Scott, barque, 680 tons, from Now York for Bris- bane. The Castlemaine Brewdry and Quinlan, Gray, and Co., Brisbano, Limited, agonts, Tordenskjold, barquo, 7G0"toni, from London for Rookhampton ; to sail 81st' January, Tillie Baker,barque, 683 tons, from Now York for Brisbane; sailed 28bh'February, A. Shaw and Co., agents.'( . ' \j .» Vega,, Danish'barquo, C25'tons, fràm'L'ondon for Townsville; to sail 20th January, > <>><" " Vale of Nitltj« barque. 672 tons, frôrn1 Liverpool for Brisbane ¡ Bailed 16th March. ?' Webster und Co., agents, * »: Wastwator, Tyser Line/ Bteamor, '2810 tons, from London for Brisbane, via Southorn ports; Bttdod 26th Maroh, Webster and Co,, agonts. VESSELS IN HABBOÜB-MAV 27. Anglo-Norman, barque, Captain Hayton, from London. Burns, Philp, and Co., agonts. Bulimba, s., 2510 tons, from London. Tho B.I. and Q.A. Company, Limited, agentB, Diana, barquo, 715 tons, Captain Stophons, from Workington; at Townsville, . Edinburghshire, barque, ,1279 tons, Captain Pago, from Glasgow, D, L. Brown and Co,, agonts, s Ilawkos Bay, Tyser Line steamer, 4600 tons, from London, Webster and Co,, agents. , Iolanthe, barque, 1693 tonB, from Middlesbro', at Normanton, Janet Court, barquo, 990 tons, from Middles borough, at Normanton. Paluma, H.M.S, - ./ Para, brig, from South Sea Islands, Biver Niili, barquo, 1165 tons, from Glasgow, at Normanton. Bivorsdalo, ship, 1805 tons,' Captain Parr, from Tchio, in distress ; lying in'Gardon Reach. Tara, s., 4718 tons, from London* berthed _. Kangaroo Point wharf. The BJ, and Q,A, Company, Limited, agents, Victoria, A.U.S.N. Company's 's,, from Sydney, at Brisbane. .' . MAILS. ' Mails will be made up at the General Post Office, Brisbane, for the undermentioned places as follows : MABYBonooou AND BoNDABERrj.-i-Por Burwah, 8., to-morrow (Friday), at*2 p.m. GLADSTONE, ROCKHAMPTON, AND NORTHERN POUTS.-Per Aramao, s., on Saturday, at 12 noon. ' OVER_AND MAILS FOB THE UNITEB KINGDOM, per Orient line, close for registered letters, packets, and newspapers at 4 p.m., ordinary letters at 5 p.m., to- morrow (Friday). Mrs. Power O'Donoghue, the well-known writer on ladies' riding, is engaged on the staff of the new journal called the Road, devoted to the interests of riding, driving, and coaching, which made its first appearance in April. 