INDIA AND AUSTRALIA. BY ALFRED DEAKIN. Who would oomprohond tho interest wliioh India should havo for Australia must first understand the interest which it lins for tho rest of tho world. This in unique, and inexhaustible, and of many phases.. Tho (list place In tlio ......li.r'a norionitv in uHiinllv occunied liv tlio extornal nnpcotn of modern native life, and Bomo architectural rainuinn, which nttcnt tho power, opulcnoo and artistic tnnto of ono or two opochs, in an striking a mnnnar an evon Egyptian ruins, or thoso later and moro ex quisite fragments which exhibit — The glory that was Orccco And tiro gmmlour that was Ilomo. But thorc is much boaidos, vastor, moro pro- found, nnd moro prognant in nppoal to tho thoughtful. Tho aspeots of Nnturo sro varied and magniilccnt, omhracing every kind and class of spcotaolo, from ooilo fat with tlio rcoupcrativo fertility of inun dations, to desert wastes of scorching, dun colored sand ; from coBy, homely nooks of fruitful villogo holds, to sterile, rooky peaks, anil fathomless dopths of Inaccessible gorges ; from over popu- ntod, ovor cultivated river flats, sparsely sottlcd plateaux, and savngo- hnunted jungles, to craggy wastes, untennntod savo by a lonely herdsman, (loreo rofugoe, or sad outcn3tcd clan. Indeod the honutics of many olimes and countries aro Benttered profusely throughout this mighty peninsula, limb-like rootod in its socket, so near tho heart of Asia, and so magnificently mountain jointed. Less grand, less inspiring, Imt as various, and moro intimatoly interesting to most tourists, aro tho multitudinous branches of tho human family whom it maintains in one or othor of its regions, offering an infinite wealth of Illustration and suggestion to the anthro pologist, historian, philanthropist, nnd to all seekers amid tho ombors of tlio post for the far off origins of race, language nnd re ligion. Tlion tliero is that groat politicnl marvel— tho British raj — littlo moro stable than in tho days of Clivo, though immensely expanded and moro highly organised. If tho Eurasians, or half-breeds, at present a dospiscd and insignificant body, could transfuso the Cau casian oapnoity for self government into a now natiro casto, or oarry into'I'hiropcan families a siifliciont strain of Hindu blood to renilor thorn climato proof, and capable of permanent rosi- donco, thcro would bo a brighter outlook for tho future. As it is, tlio gulf botweon tlio two peoples ifl dccponing, if net widening ; and the glacier-like advnnoo of tho forces of tho White Cr.nr has brought them at last within hail of tho gates of India. Another intorost should bo tho irrigation systom —bold, oomproliensivo and original— by wliioh millions aro fed, a monument to tlio sagnoity, ability nnd magnanimity of British rulers. This until now all visitors have carolcssly pansoil by. Tho writor was tho first civilian unaonnected with tlio Government who had ovor taken the pains to visit tho Sirhind Canal, nnd other impor tant works, which should bo tlio ndmiratiart of thousands. Railways of equal and ovon greater size, nnd of equal, if not superior, efficiency, wo can sco olsowlioro, but there is not a canal systom in tho world to coinparo with that of India. Yot ovon to tlio peoplo who oroated this system it is as if itworonot, "as if it could not bo, as if it had not been," so littlo do Anglo- Indians know about it. When tho reproach of ignornnoo and indifference shall liavo been removed, eritics will undoubtedly award this ncliiovomcnt of British engineers its fitting plaoo in the scalo of their interest and attention. Tho most glowing pnnogyrio is Midler's— "If I woro to look ovor tho whole world to find out the country most richly endowed with all tho wealth, power and boauty that nature can bestow — in some parts a vory pnrndiso 011 earth— I sliould point to India. If I wcro asked undorwhat sky tho human mind has moslfully de veloped somo of its choicest gifts, has most dooply pondered on tho greatest problems of life, nnd has found solutions of somo of them which well deserve tho attention ovon of those who hnvo studied Plato and Kant, I should point to India. And if I wero to ask mysolf from what litera ture wo, in Europe, we who have boon nurtured almost exclusively on tho thoughts of Crooks and Romans, nnd of one Somitie race, tho .Towish, may draw that oorreotivo wliioh is most wanted , in order to make our inner life moro perfect, more comprehensive, moro universal, in fact more truly human. . . again I should puint to India." In this brilliant passngo tlio learned professor has certainly not understated tho ease, and has carefully chosen his comparisons. There is nothing in India, ovon in a rudimentary way, that can bo hold to vie with the wealth of Italy In sculpture, painting, poetry, or indeed in any art except that of architecture. Evon in this tlio mastorpiocos nro few, nro not tho high expression of nn harmonious culturo, suoh as belonged to Grocco, nnd Grecco alone, nor are they to bo measured as a whole with tho complex and changeful Gotliio ; but they aro in the front rank of their own Btylo, almost its soli tary exemplars, and offer a small group of edi fices of impcrislinblo beauty, ono of which, in its perfecinoss of unity and grace, surpasses every thing that lias como down to 11s comploto from tho wreck of time. These and tho literature, through which nro scattered gems of poetry, pearls of philosophy, and many flickoring rays from a dimmer lamp of religious truth, com- poso a priceless horitago, winning for tlio rnoo and placo from wliioh they sprang immortal Wreaths of unconquernblo fame. The famo and fortunes of England aro stakorl to-day upon tlio control of tiiis peninsula. While India is kept intnot, tlio British Empire remains a powor of the first rank. If India falls under a foroign yoko, tho prestige anil influonco of tho nntion fall with it, never to rise ngnin, unless, indeed, tho balanou be redressed by tlio growth nnd cohesion of colonies which hnvo become commonwealths, dominions nnd federations, by .whoso might and influence tlio globe will bo ringed, nnd girdled from son to soa. Meanwhile, within the country, probloms multiply apace— probloms which go to tho root of national nnd politioal lifo, nnd exhibit in full play tho seminal principles upon which our whole Booinl order is fomulod. Tho limits of authority, and rights of citizens, tho B\vay of coosoicntious despotism, and demands of a colored dumocraoy, tho strength of hydrn- Iieaded superstitions, tenacity of custom:) which aro barbarous, and unwholesome ja their operation, capacity for moral aud Intellectual progress of many mixod peoples, tho possibility of a working relationship botweon the at vaticed cast and tlio advanced west, tho applicability of European civilisation to Asia, flu the solution of the great diflioultios attoud- laK an uurestrictod multiplication of tho species, all face-us in India, where for aught we know the rmngeddou of tho 20th century may bo fought, wfrom whose decaying altars tho iiro to kindle "fl uslioriug conflagrations in other lands may ho brought. " Out of the Mast light"— poHsibly in the Hlfope of lightning, to discern the dopths war which, and tho rocks among which, Urn modern spirit is drifting. All things aro yot possible in this strange land. Any irtU ia couceivahlo from the spiritual marriago bfltween the Anglo-Saxon and the Hindu, which 'a now being consummated. Their Htrifo has rought out tho best ami worst in both natures ; air union may do tho same. Thoy must Po oiimlly modify each other, but tho extont owiich their mutual influenco will operate, or o miraolos it will work, defy prediction. BotwcDuInilin and Auutrnlinthero must always bo many links and associations. Tho irrigation yptoms ot India will ho of porenuial intorost to A hydraulic engiucorH, and especially to those this side of tho lino. The southern jj® onies of Australia aro cortain to o always in favor with officials on furlough lfl Hsarch of health, or thoso who have re ired.und seek a homo in a temperate climate, «ce from the tropic heat of their Held of labor, too snows of their placo of birth. Austra lians and Anglo-Indians aro therefore bound to e close acquaintances. Intimacy between o two countries will doubtless ho estab lished in course of time. They arc part of ono empire, and thus linked to ono dostiny, but thoso relations which aro likely to dovolopc Mr leat antl of most immediate importanco, '"fly be grouped at onco under two eat s, trado and invasion, peaoo and war. >0 1 el,c"d upon the maintenance of British supremacy in Iudia, and tho exclusion of any urojK'an rival. Under British domination freo trado ob- flins, and hor ports are open to all our 0 uc s. Duties npon hor products in Australia ore mainly for rovouuo purposes, and in "Victoria that upon tea has recently boon swopfc away. There ia no fiscal impediment thoroforo to a otoficr union of tho two countries, and ono would suppose, from tho dilforonco in ago, climate, population and economic conditions, commercial hitorcourso would ho likely, to provo of mutual honofit. So far this does not apponr to hnvo boon tho caao. The irrigated Holds of India aro not likoly to inoroaso its exports to Australia, In 1889 Vic toria took 21,390 owfc. of wheat from Bombay, but our chief purchases are rice, bags, tea, jute, cantor oil, yams, coffee, with pepper, spices nnd tapioca from Furthar India nnd the Malay Peninsula. Rico and jute aro practically tho only products of watered Holds which wo con-- sumo, and neither appears to promise q sufficient return to justify its cultivation hero whoro climatic conditions would permit. Our exports to India aro ovon loss valuable and less agricul tural, gold, Rpocio and horses completing tho list. In 1889 wo bought £375,000, and sold £420,000 worth of goods. Out of this, tho horse trado alono is of any valuo to tho country districts. Considering our noarncss to India, and tho fact that our oldef European mail linos touch at Coylon, tho fact that our trado amounts to less than £800,000 annually is rather re markable. It would ho unreasonable to antiQipato that wo sliould bo able to oompoto in Bombay with English manufactures, but it does appear extraordinary that wo do not tako advantago of our suasonB to send orohard and other produots juafc across tho lino. Mr. D. Wilson, the ablo and indefatigable dairy expert, entrusted mo with thrco tins of fac tory butter which passed through tho tropics in my cabin, and wore tented in Coylon about one month, in Lahoro and Caloutta about months, tbfUu uiy departure. Tho first tin was opened by Mr, Ferguson, editor of tho Ceylon Observer , whoso vordiot was thnb tho ample was equal to Danish or Normandy; that he had Roidom tasted bettor, and that it might bo takon for frosh. Tho eooond was statod by tho editor of the Civil and Military Gazette to ha oxcollant, "quito up to tho standard of tinned Dnnish button" The third tin was noticed to bo palpably defective before being opened — a circumstance that need occasion no surpriso sinco it had boon subject to very harsh troatmcnt during a railway journey of ovor 3000 inilos in addition to its sea voyage. Mr. Blcohynden, tho Soorotary of tho Agricultural and Hortioul- 1 taral Society of India, whoso head quarters are in Calcutta, opeuod it before his committoo and found the contents quite spoilod. Tho remains wero afterwards made into capital H Ghi." This nativo substitute h roally buttor, boiled and clarified in a liquid stato ; it is solely employed by tho Hindus for all pur poses, and largoly by Europeans in cookery. It keeps well, but is too tallowy in taste for the palates of whibo men. -"When mado from buffalo inilk it is riohor in cream, and stronger in flavor, than if from tho cow. At least one attempt was mado in Victoria to produco " Old " for export to India, but tho oxporiment was not attended with success. For otic thing tho casto difficulty has to bo surmounted, for though tho average Hindu will ohocrfully soil to his brethren a compound defiled by the intro duction of beef fat, ho will not peril his own salvation by eating It, and tho mero faot that butter has beon mnde by European hands is enough of itself to absolutely prohibit it to tho pious. Ghi fotohos from 9d. to Is. a lb., but owing to casto prejudices, and tho difficulty of hitting tho nntivo tasto, this enormous market is probably olo3cd to Aus tralian enterprise. Anglo-Indians alono oonsumo buttor, and It is to supply their tables thnt tho dAiry farmers of the colonies might well devote some attontion. It is truo that tho European population is small, but it can afford to pay for a good artiolo, and my own experience indicator that tho olimatlo oondltions nro by no monns unconquer able. Good Danislt butter kept in icc, and invariably UBed in tent lifo, sometimes fetches 3\. a lb. in tho interior in summer, when a nativo butter can bo had for In. Caloutta, Bombay, and Madras, aro badly suppliod with a local product at all seasons, tho bettor quality being usually found up country, and tlio boat, ourionsly onongh, at Karachi. 'J'horo should always bo a good but limited market in these capitals for tho best quality buttor, carried in rcfrigorating ohambors and sold at a high prico. Thcro should he a largo market for a fair buttor of evon grade, if onco our purchasers could obtain nn entrance into tho Commissariat department, nnd supply tho large quantities nooded for tho troops. In this direction thoro is distinctly a most promis ing opportunity. Tho exporb might bo supplemented to somo extont by supplies of milk— always thin and poor in India— for if tho conoontratod milk, now growing in favor, oould bo trans mitted with sufficiont frequency in cool ohamborsit would bo heartily welcomed by well-to-do whites. There appears to be Bomo prospect of obtaining custom from tho army also, as Brigade-Surgeon Hamilton and othor medical authorities havo strongly condomued tho present system of barrack victualling. A "milk nnd butter supply" branoh of tho commissariat lias boon suggested, tho medical officer named having estimated that the cost to tho State of entorio fever canes, many of which aro attributed to infected milk and butter, in tho three rogiments stationed at Lucknow, has amounted in fivo years to £30,000. Tho price paid for hos pital milk by eontract with tho natives is 5d. per quart, and though no doubt any project for supplying concentrated milk in quantity to IndiA implies an immonso ndvauco on our presonfc mothods of preserving and transmitting it, tho demand is worth keeping in mind. Tho fact that tho groat centres of whito popu lation are practically on tho seaboard, must bo takon into account in all thoso matters. "With oool Htorago provided in tticin, it should bo e&iy; to initiate a businoas in fruit and vegetables. It is probable that tho priocs paid for good tablo vegotablos in tho hot season would more than make up tho cost of transit. Tho potatoes obtainable soem specially poor, English fruits are ovorywhore stalo and taste less, and though they nro boginning to bo grown under the Himalayas, in tho Kulu Valley, nnd the Kangra district, thoro is no extensive local production. Peaches nnd similar fruits thrivo at Poshawur, and tho P&njnb; derivos a certain supply from tho north, but the coasts and tho south would doubtless groodily reccivo a small, Bteady aud first dans supply, as luxurios. Bacon, ham and prcsorved meats might ho almost a monopoly for Australia. Tho army requirements alone should demand a constant output. Chilled meat for the tables of whito residents ought to command high rates, as its flavor would far surpass anything nt prosenfc obtainable ovon in winter. In fine tho wants of tho white population in dairy produco, fruit, fresh and prcsorved meats could bo mot most readily from this country, and though tho trado would have narrow limits, ought to prove rcmimorativo to our farmers and thoir agents. Considering thnt we are but a fort night distant, aud that the oountry lies on our main steamship routes, it is somovvhat sur prising that our exchango is so backward. "We need thoir tea, coffee, rice and jute, and can roturn from farms and orchards, as well as from mines and stations, what our kinsmon want. The nativo population wo aro scarcely likoly to attract, but thcro is a groat business to bo dono with them if their casto tnboo was onco sot aside. Tho future of Northern Australia is alleged to depend upon oolorod agricultural labor, aud if this bo tho case it is cortain that tho olicapcst relays could bo obtained from India. The diffi culty hitherto has been tho stringency of tho conditions imposed by tho Indian Go vernment, and its insistence upon tho poriodiual return of its immigrants, in whioh respects it exaotly complies with colonial requirements. If Asiatio labor is indispensable, tho Hindu has his recommendations, especially if striotly limited in his absences from homo, as indoed ho invari ably demands to bo. If not tho equal of tho Chinese in cnterpriso, or versatility, somo of his races aro their superiors in iutelloct and in war. Tho general naturo or final oon&o-; qucncos of intoroourso botweon tho grout penin sula aud tlio newest of continents aro too remote oven for speculation, though tho probability is that trado relation will draw us closer year by year, that trado being to tho advantage of both parties, until, if not after, our tropical territories, and future island depen dencies, aro well developed. In time of war tho provisioning of troops should ocoasion a largo and nudden demand for horses and supplies generally, though in suoh a crisis tho thoughts of Australians are certain to bo absorbed in tho conflict and its issue, rathor than in tho commercial opportunities that may offer. The situation would certainly ho vory sorlons if it wero possiblo for tho Russians to occupy tho country, and find at last tho opening soawarda for whioh thoir groat Empiro has so long beon seeking. With India nt a hone of operations for a hostilo powor, this continent would bo diroctly threatened, nnd though it may bo doubtod if wo Ball bo strong enough, when tho inovltablo strugglooomos, to lend any efficiont aid in ropel- ling a Muscovlto attack, it would assuredly bo immensely to our interest, not only as Britons, but as Australians, to boo that assault ropollod. It is probable that tho first attack will fail, and certainly tho oountry is to-day much bettor fittod to recoivo and sustain tho shook than it was a fow years ago. Tho frontier in bettor known and defined. Tho hill tribes aro moro friomlly, railway eommunieatlon is all but oomplctod, and tho army itself in finor fighting trim. Thoro arc, of oourso, as thoro always will be, reforms to bo effected and preparations to bo mado, but it scorns cloar that thero has boon a groatadvanceduringthopast deoado.and thattho Russians who havo fought thoir way with splen did persistency to tho hoart of Asia, and whoso troops aro now exploring tho Pamir tablo land to tho north of Kashmir, in ordor to findi a road southward, will find a warm welcome when thoy arrivo. This is not tho placo to doscant upon military problems, but it is plain that the strugglo is not far off. Tho motley crowd that throng tho bazaars of Peshawur, and Lahore, contains groups who como from tho Russian borders. Turkostan, or Independent Tartary, is disappearing from tlio map, and tlio rival whito races will probably bo faco to faoo hefora long near tho sourcos of tlio Amoor. Tho Hindus will probably bo truo to tho British flag, and will resist anything but disastor. How they will faco European troops when them- neivui foil by Europeans romains to hoBCon, but in tlio first days of tho mutiny, boforo they wore cowed, thoy certainly fought with des perate bravery. They aro ill fitted to play a losing hazard, and aro pcouliarly subjeot tq sudden panic, bogotten by suporstition as tnuoh as fear; but cortain of thoir tribes nro daring, rosoluto, and ferocious, and on theso the main reliance mint bo placed. Tho plianoy, fluidity, and patient persistency of tho avorogo Hindu, whioh enable him to resist innovation, and to assort himself, in a passive way, gouoratiou after genoration, so as to keep him true, under all his obsequiousness and Btibsorvionoy, to hisi na tional traits, beliefs, and customs, aro not marti&l; virtues, and aro of no service in tho field. The brunt of tho battle will be borne by British regiments, inspired by traditions of tho deeds of tho Mutiny, which remain, andare likoly to remain, among the hcrolo pages in tho glorious ohronielo of tho race. We should not havo known what innate capacity for daring, endur ing, and governing, existed in tlio stock, if it had never struok root in India ; and now that it has survivod so many storms, and uealod its titlo with so much blood and treasure, tho prize ia not likoly to bo easily surrendered. Carlylo Bays — "Consider now, if they asked us, Will you give up your Indian Empire or your Sluikspo&ro;, you English? Never havo had any Indian Empiro, or nuvor havo had any Shakspoare I Roally, it wcro a grave question. " Andconoludos:— " Indian Empiro will go, at any rato, some day, but this Shakspoaro clooi not go, ho lasts for over with us ; wo cannot givo. up our Shakspearo." Vory truo, though tho "some day " whioh this rathor despairing pas sage foroHoos has not yot arrived, and may ba long Arriving. Granting that, moaauring odds and circumstances, it seems impossible for tho Briton to koop his hold for anothorcantury upon this tropio qmpiro, And its hordes of haif- civiliscd peoples, it must still bo romombored that it has always aoomod equally impossible, and that its littlo garrison has surmounted crisis after crisis, and peril after peril. Tho miraole of valor and statecraft by which it has boon subdued, may bo repeated and prolonged by tho same agonoios — by new troops of rosoluto and gal lant spirits sprung from tho old race. It is, at all event, a critical isnio for our youqg communities whioh, in their prido of descent, and haughtinoHs of national fooling, soom apt to forgot that thoy luwo mado thoir homos noither in Europe nor America, but in Auatral-Asia— Southern Ahia — and that thoir fortunes may by this means bo linked in tbcolosost mannor, in trado and in strife, in poaco and in war, with tho great continent uoar to us, whoso richest aud rnoit magnificent promontory rosta to- day under tho ulmdow of tho same flag. It in infinitely pleasantor, no doubt, to ignore futuro possibilities of this kind, shut the oyes to signs and omens of tho times, and proaoh peaoo whoro thero is nowhero peaoo ; but is it reasonable to pass by tho groat ohanges in loeomotion by soa and land, whioh aro bringing us nearer and nearer , to tho Old World, with its feuds and armed forcos, its groed of territory and insatiable ambitions? In another quarter of a century tho map of Asia, as woll as of Europe, may bo changod, aud unloss faced by a fedoratod Aus tralia, which, though democratic and paoifio, wouldbe prepared to resistaggroBsion,and to main tain its (lag, the belligeronts may find our pro- tcotingstrotchof ocean bridgoablo, and our peoplo unarmed or unorganised. To proparo for suoh a contingency is not to dread it, but is to render it incapable of occasioning dread. It is not to question tho naval supremacy of tlio mother country, or its readiness to oomo to our aid, but is to recogniso tho responsibility of every virile people to proteofc itself, if it wore only to maintain its self rcapoct. Such prospcots, and suoh a policy, aro not popular in tho ordinnry sense of the torm. The avorago elector nnd his representa tive aliko prefer to discuss matters noaror homo, morolocal, moro parochial, promising early profit, presenting means and ends moro olosoly related, and in which thoro is a smaller olomont of chanco, and narrower opening for prophecy. It Heoins bottor evon to sport with the Amaryllis of Irrigation, and with the tangles of Stato social ism, ratherthanlookso far ahead and travol sofar afield. And yet such issues must have thoir placo in our prevision, for in tho evont of tho great catastrophe ocourring, tho local interests whioh we hold so doar, and tho industrial demoorAoy which it is our first aim to proaorve, might perish in a common wreck. It is in the interests of homo that wo should look abroad, and in tho intorosts of poAco that wo should be preparod for war. It should oount for something in our mental dovclopment that in this youngost part of tho world wo aro actually within hail of tho oldest portions, and that almost within the Bhadow of its most absolute military despotism our nation should bo building up ultra demo cracies of tho most industrial and pacifio typo. Cynics may profons to discern a likeness botwoon thorn, or at least a kinship, but botweon what institutions or practices of humanity is thoro not somo propinquity? Does not ovory alfirmativo include its negative? What is thoro that exists which can give itself airs of exclusivonosH, or proclaim with hauteur its soparateness from tho univorso of which it formB a part ? That intolleotual give and tako whioh is a stimulus to thought everywhere should bo especially quick and prolific between Australasia, or Southorn Asia, and itH northern continent. Wo arc noar , enough to readily visit India, and bo visited. Its students might coino to tho universities of our milder climate, instead of faoiug tho wintors of Oxford, Paris or Heidelberg ; our thinkors may yet bcooino authorities upon quostions which need porsonal acquaintance) with that country and its peoplos. Wo may perhaps oven hint, without undue solf approbation, that our own course of evolution having beon found worthy of study by ominont Europeans, thorc may bo something for Brah- manio criticism oven under tho Southern Cross. But it would bo an idle to dwoll upon fore casts of tins order as it is foolish to disoard them altogether. Until it bo demonstrated that thcro is somo reason why tho nearest groat country to us should bo tAbooed, its pooplo, its products and its destiny ignorod, and all tbo flowing tides of its spiritual lifo and teaching oxoluded from those far reaching curronts which set to us past its ehoros, and influonco us noross tho wholo oircumferenco of our planet, wo may hold it to bo inovitablo, as well as natural, that ono of tho first outward going movements of our expansive Australian lifo will bring us into oontact, and then into communion, with India. Tho fascination that it exorcises upon our kindred will possibly bo deepened for us, for tho differences botwoon our conditions and thoso of tho East remain evon greater than theirs. Until wo ecaso to feel tho pulse beat of human thought, and to mova in accordance with the mental nnd moral unfolding of tho race, we cannot rofuso the attraction which tho anoiont wisdom of tho Aryans exercises upon 1 all rcfleotiyo nnd intuitional poraons ; until wo bavo coased to feel tho last faint touch of patriotism towards tho island in tho Atlantio from which our fathors camo, we cannot liston unthriilqd and unfircd to tho story of tho heroism by whioh thus superb dominion was won, and has been held in defianco of all advorso fortunes ; until tho last apurk of romance has fudod from materialised breasts, given over to tho gospel of greed and selfishness, wo must be movod by thq marvellous panorama which history has unrolled aoross tho Himalayan snows, and along tho valleys of thoir mighty rivers. Beethoven's march in tho Ruins of Athens suggests in Bound jast suoh barhario splendor, fiory impetuosity, martial pomp and rhythmic swoop of tribal movement, as aro displayed in its romantio tale of invasion, conquest and revolt, tho stirring and rcourring cadcnoo echoing in the oar long after throb of drum and clang of cymbal, inooming and outgoing liko a tide, have grandly and gradually died away. It is truly a land of wonders and wild extremes, suoh as avo depicted in tho Arabian Niyhts — a country of con trasts and contradiotious, of splondor and poverty, profusion and barren ness, vioissitudo and advonturo, voluptous- ncas and mortification of tho flesh. Tlio fires of a tropio sun kindle ah well as wither, and tho cup of life, reoklossly filled to tho brim of sensuous delectation, has been drained to its dregs of bitterness nowhero moro deeply than in Hindu shades. Nowhoro has tho nscotio by protracted absti nences, ghastly pcnancos and frenzied solf mutilations sought moro ruthlessly to wring light and loading from his own suffering. Nowboro docs tho abundance of lifo in earth, air nnd water moro amazo tlio sonne nnd oppress tho judgment; nowhoro stagger millions of human boings, under heavier burdens, somo of the heaviest solf imposed. Nowhero is lifo inoro evidently tho offspring and prophecy of death, for tho land is marked with ruitiH as the sky with stars, nnd tho very villages ore built upon tho sites of scores of othors, melted to dust undor tho feet — fallen ono after another liko boads upon tho rosary of timo. By the hoary and weary ago of India now stands tho oagor youth of theso southern lands, boholding, as if in a magic mirror, its rapidly passing throng of peoplos, kingdoms, dynasties and croods, that bavo succccdod, and aro still succocding each other, in an apparently endless chain. There is matter for meditation horc. To-day Australia is full of hope, as Asia of despair. Racially, sooialiy, politically and industrially, far asundor as tho poles, their geographical situation, bringing them faco to face, tnay yot bring thorn hand to hand, and mind to mind. They lmvo muoh to teach eaoh other. 