OUR LONDON LETTER. From Odb Coirbbpondint.) , LONDON, 3rd April. . Tho murdor of M. Boltohcff, the Bulgarian Minister of Fiuance, while ho wns walking with M. Stnmbuloff, tho Primo Ministor, has caused an immonso amount of exoitomont all ovor .Europe, tho more especially as tho univorsal lioliof is that tho fatal bullet was intended for tho moro prominent statesman. Tho two Minis ters had attended a Cabinet Council on tho after noon of Good Friday, and, as waa their oustom at the oloseof such oflioial conferences, had takon a stroll in the dircotion of a restaurant in the town of Sufia, whoro thoy frequently dinod together. "Whon thoy arrived at a dooply ovor- shadowed part of tho road four men stepped forward nnd took up a position, two on either sido of tho Ministers, two shots wero fired by ono of thorn, and M. Boltoheff fell to tho grouud dead, both bullets having pierced his breast. A gendarme, who was in attendance, fired at tho assassin but missed, nnd then want in pur suit. He got close enough to wound the murderer in the shoulder, but ho got away in tho gloom of a spring evening. About 30 persons have been arrested on suspicion, but no facts of any impor tance have so for been discovered. The worst feature of tho affair is that tho assassination is holioved to have had a political motivo, and tho local newspapers do not hesitato to say that they "seo in this tho hand of Russian diplo macy." Groat indignation lins beon manifested by all classes of Bulgarian society, and the idea tlint it wns au act of private vengeance is uni versally scouted. There seems little doubt that it wns ono of thoso political reprisals whioh commend themselves to partisans in South eastern Europe. The occurrence possesses many features in common with tho assassination of Lord Frederick Cavendish, who" 'ftas! in company with, and was mistaken .for; 'Mr. ' Burke. This inoident, coupled with tlio uniliiiial1 notivity of Russia on tho Austrian froniiijrj iias caused a very uncaBy feeling all ovor Western Europe. Tho denth of Earl Granvillo has removed one of tho fow mombers of tho groat governing familios who lmd adhered to the fortunes of Mr. Gladstone in tho great schism which dividod the Liberal party five yoars ago. For tho last year or two ho had practically withdrawn him self from public life, and it is improbable that evon if he had lived his stato of health would havo allowed him to tako part in any Cabinet which Mr. Gladstone might form in tho event of his party obtaining a majority at tho noxt general olcction. Tho " silken earl," as ho was termod, embodiod tho old traditions of tho Whig party, and his loss will ho greatly missed, not only in tho Houso of Lords, but also in those many social functions which Lord Granvillo was wont to grace, and where the Premier, tho best hand at an after dinner speech in nil England, was always wel- como. His son, who succeeds, iB in delioatc health, having swallowed by accident a half- crown, which is still imboddod in some part of his body. Irish politics have sunk to tho lovol of a faction fight, and the proceedings at Sligo, like those of Kilkenny, are discreditable to both sections of a ouco groat party. Still, I am bound to say that Mr. 1'arnoll and his myrmi dons aro generally tho aggressors. Tho parlia mentary duol between Mr. Parnell and Mr. Maurico Healy is postponed for tho present, the former gentleman being apparently afraid that Cork would provo a Holiopolis for his opponents/ Tho persons ohargod with rioting at Tipporary havo - boon oithor acquitted or discharged because tho jury oould not agroo. Mr. Tim Healy is gradually recovering from the brutal assault of which he was tho victim, and his assailant has expressed his great rogrct for' tho aot Mr. Gladstono has been spending his Easter holidays at Hastings, but ho has found time to write a stinging letter to Sir F. Milnor, who denied that the oonsorvativos sympathised with Parnell. Tho victory of Aldorman Ooffery, the nnti-Parnollite, at North Sligo, was gene rally foreseen ; indeed, the impression wos that tho majority would bo largor than it actually was, viz., 400. Tho rovenue returns for tho financial year ending 31st March, show great elasticity. The total receipts were £96,463,524, as oomparod with £94,489,836 last year, or au inoreaso of £1,973,688. Tho revenue from exoiao shows an increase of £2,038,419, whilst customs have deolincd £754,408. There are increases of £588,881 from stamps, £480,000 from pro perty and income tax, and £490,000 from the post and telegraph service. Thoso figures show that, notwithstanding all tho disasters which have affectod the money market during the year, tho enormous sums lost or looked up in South Amerioan srourities, and tho drop in consols, tho nation is getting riober nnd richer, has a larger sum of money to spend annually, and spends it pretty freely. < Tho world lias not heard tho last of the Italians who havo beon lynohed at New Orleans, although it has beon now ascertained thatsoven of them wore American, oitizens by naturalisation, nnd that three of tho remaining four wore men " wanted " by tho Italian poliaa for various crimes end misdemonnors. Tho Italian Ministor at "Washington, tho Baron di Fava, dissatisfied with the stops taken by tho Government of the United States to punish tho lynohers, has, acting under instructions from Rome, demanded his passports, nnd diplomatic relations between tho two countries are temporarily suspended. Thero is little probability of mat- tors proceeding to extremities, for neither nation has anything to gain by war, and although the Italian fleet could very soon burn, capture or destroy all the cruisers that sail under tho stars and stripes, nnd could possibly obtain an indemnity from Now Orleans, suoh viotorios would bo doarly purohased at the oost of permanently alienating tho friendship of a oountry whioh affords remunerative employ ment to so many hundreds of thousands of Italian subjects and expends such large sums annually in Italian art and art manufactures. But tho inoident is instructive as hitting ono of the blots of the federal system. About the outrage in Now Orleans much moy bo said. It was the pretext of an indignant publio opinion against a failure of justice, a failure all tho moro disastrous because tho ordinary mnohinery of tho law had brokon down completely before the superior and loss scrupulous organisa tion of an Italian secret society. And tho people of Now Orleans so thoroughly sym pathise with the perpetrators of tho lynohing that their conviction by any jury ih prnctiauliy impossible, evon if tho looal authorities took the preliminary stop of arresting the leaderspali pf whom are known, and a grand jury ..cpiijd i be . found to find a truo bilL But for atl .'thpt'.the slaughter of II men who hnd citlior not:Jieea tried, or, having been tried, had been acquittodj is from the diplomatic aspect of the "case a frightful outrage and a stain upon tho institu tions, good order and civilisation of tho peoplo of Louisiana. If the local laws and their administrators were powerless to punish murderers and suppress suoh organisa tions ns tho Mafia, why so much the wors6 for tho laws nnd for the pretensions of Louisiana to be regarded as n civilised state. Without going outside tho boundaries of the great republic, it is sufficient to point out tho satisfactory manner in whioh tho Governor and citizens of Pennsyl vania suppressed in 1375 tho Molly Maguires of Schuylkill County, n body quito as powerfuland as wicked as the Mafia, without any resort to lynch law, or involving any other assistance than tho ordinary civil tribunals. At any rate, tho outrago was ono whioh a proud and power ful nntiou like Italy, and especially a nation whoso place in tho international family is com paratively young— for half a contury ago Italy wns only a geographical expression— must feel bound to resent. And her only mode of obtain ing any redress waB by application to the Federal Government at Washington. With Louisiana, Italy has no means of treating since a state of tho union has no foreign relations, no inter national standing. But it was not so easy for the Federal Government, or Mr. Blniuo as its mouthpiece, to givo that redress. Tho offence was committed at New Orleans ; tho offenders are responsible to tho laws of Louisiana, and of Louisiana alone. Tho Supremo Court of the United States has no power over a citizen of Louisiana for nny crimo committed against tho local law, although ho might be tried by it for an olfonce against tho our- ronoy or tho customs laws, which are matter of federal concern. Mr. Blaine could not chango the venue to Washington or New York, any moro than tho Italian Government could insist upon tho lynchers being tried at ltomo or Milan, and therefore ho knows perfcotly well that tho only redress ho can possibly give will bo to pay substantial damages to the widows and famiUes of men who, if thoy wore not murdered, were oor- tainly put to death without tho for malities of a trial and without propor precautions boing taken to ascortnin whother thoy wore guilty or innocent. Tho disputo will probably bo sottlcd amicably in some way or anothor, bat if, on tho other hand, tho advisers of King Humbert wisli to try tho power of thoir lloet, and make an experiment with thoir armored ships nnd their barbotto batteries, New York may bo shellod or Philadelphia set on firo to avongo a wrong whioh has boon committed by tho people of a oity and a Stnto 1500 miles away, govornod by different laws, and in all rospcots, except for tho bond of federal union, an nlicn nationality of Frenolimcn, Spaniards, negroes and their descendants, with n slight admixture of immigrants from tho north of Europe and Italy. Tho lesson is useful to tho statesmen who aro now engaged in attempting to lay tho foundation of Australasian federation. Australia is even more remote than tho United States from tho great centres of Europonn popu- latiou ; but in these days of Bteam and oloc- tricity no country can rely upon its geographical position as a comploto barrior to complications with other nations. It is quito elenr, judging from tho tone of tho French criticisms on the conduct of Newfoundland and tho Italian criticisms about tho lynching caso, that tho question of federation is not understood on the Continont. It looms probablo that the matrimonial diffi culties of Mr. and Mrs. Jackson will oonstituto a lading caso in all similar disputes. Tho people of Clithcroo are very indignant at the dooision ; have mobbed Mrs. Jackson, her sister and brothor, nnd serious rioting line oily boon preventod by tho firmness of tho local police. A subscriptit . has beon raised for the pa puna uf uui lying i'uo ease lo the Huiiou uf , Lords nnd obtaining an authoritative decision '.from the highest tribunal in tho Empire as to ! iWhnt the law on tho subject really is, and tho newspapers aro iuundated with letters from /all. torts and conditions of mon and I .womtn, from Lady Florcnoo Dixie to Mr. I'euwiok Miller, praising or attaoking the wisdom of tho Lord Chancellor's decision. Meanwhile a romnrkablo sign of the timos is displayed in a recent resolution of tho Cam bridge Union, whioh has placed upon its books, after a long debate, a record that " this houso views with regret nnd dismay tho approaohing despotism of woman." It oertainly appears as if ' tho time had oome whon tho relations botweon tho two sexes were to bo materially changed. In France at tho present motnont marriage in nino cases out of ton has oecomo a mere matter of business. An Englishwoman has just been arrested at PariB for swindling ; for miny years sho had been making a hand some incomo out of tho oupidity of fortune hunters, who, believing her to bo a rioh heiress on tho look out for a husband of noblo birth, had made hor costly wedding presents, with which she invariably decamped. Nor waa tho eagerness for a wealthy bride whioh these gentlemen displayed at all singular. A few months ugo on American lady re siding at Paris advertised for a husband in tho Figaro newspaper. She rocoivod no fower than 35 replies, many from memborB of the old noblesse, somo of whom onclosod podi- greoB to prove that they woro tho lineal dosoon- dants of tho kings of France. All tho applica tions woro apparently genuine attempts to obtain possession of a share of tho £50,000 whioh tho fair Amerioan declared waB the amount of her fortune. The conference of European minors now sitting at Paris doos not seom likoly to produce much prnctioal result Tho British miners, who are moro numerous than those of Franco, Ger many, Belgium and Austria all put together, wished that tho voting power should be in pro portion to the number of minors represented, but tho conferenco deoidod that each nation should havo an equal numbor of votes. The principal businoss boforo tho conferenco is tho expediency of a gonoral strike through out Europo to ensure for nil miners a working day of oight hours, a concession which most ot the English miners hnvo already obtained, and which all of them can obtain if thoy wish it. Under suoh circumstances it is not probablo that tho English and Continental delegates will como to an agreement, Binco tho wisdom of striking "out of sympathy," as it is termod, and not to redress nny par ticular griovnnco, is vory much quos- tionod by tho English trades unions, and tho step has not been frequently takon since tho collnpso of tho Australian strike, which has taught tho trades unions of this country some vory usoful lessons. Tho drivers of tho Shrews bury and Talbot hansom cabs havo struck for a reduction of the hire charged for caoli cab, and offer 15s. 3d. per day until 27th April, 16s. 3d. until 18th May, and 17s. 3d. for tho rest of the London season. Tho directors havo refused to aacept those terms, whioh appear to me remark ably liberal when it is considered that tiie legal fare is only 6d. per milo, nnd that in the height of the London season, a cabman would have to drive 35 miles to pay tho hire of his cab, unless ho mado a number of successful ovorolinrgcs. A determined attempt is being mado to intro duce New Zealand butter into London, and tho promoters of tho movement havo managed to get a loading article in their favor into the Daily . Telegraph, whioh says " wo are con fronted with tho astonishing fact that buttor mnde under tho Southern Cross can bo sent ovor 13,000 miles of ocean to this omnivorous metropolis in a perfectly sweot condition, and sold at a prico remunerative to the consignors, and at the same time lower than this artiole of universal consumption has over been sold beforo. The butter in question is packed in large casks, sometimes weighing 100 and sometimes 56 lb., and is stowed in a cold chamber, kept at a tem perature of about 45 degrees. It is stated that "butter of the Anchor brand is realising in tho English market 116s. per cwt. wholesale, com pared with 136s. oommandod by a like amount of Danish butter, with whioh the Antipodean produot compares favor ably." In tbo preparation of tho lattor a vast number of oreamories fashioned after the best American lines are now engaged, and they are supplied with an unlimited amount of tho finest grass fed milk, contributed by farmers under tho strictest Government supervision. Who can wonder that considerable interest is taken by the colonial authorities in this deter mined endeavor to open a remunerative markot 13,000 miles away for Now Zealand buttor of reliable authority. Tho wonder is that this delicate commodity should hear transportation from tho most distant part of tbo habitable globe. The time is not far distant whon Australia, and possibly Argentina, will entor into competition as producers of the staples consumed at that freo breakfast table (for. .which Mr. Bright yearned, and to which every year brings us sensibly nearer. I havo no .means of testing the truth of this roseate state ment, but if Now Zealand can sell Its butter in .London at remunerative prices, thoro is no reason whatever why Victoria should not do tho samo. I learn that tho London wholesale fruiterers oxpcct 180,000 cases of applos and pears from Tasmania this spring. There should be a good demand for them at fair prices, as the looal and American supply is not by any means equal to tho demand. Rumor has it that the relations between tho Quocn and tho " grasso " widow — as she iB termed since hor residence in that charming French town — and tho I'rinco of Wales aro a little strained, that sho is annoyed at tiie good naturcd way in which ho associates with persons whom she would never allow to move within enrshot of "Windsor Castlo or Balmoral, and especially with tho doings at Tranby Oroft, and permitting Prince Albert Victor to visit thero whilo tho whole ballarat scandal was so prominently beforo the publio. Hor dislike to somo of tho associates of the Prinoc is shown by tiie now regulations for tho royal enclosure at Ascot, to whioh tho Marlborough Houso set aro not henceforward to be asked until their names havo previously beon submittod to the Queen. It is only just to say that thoro are many peoplo who consider that the Prince understands modern notions far bettor than the Queen, and his recent interference with the Lord Lieutonant of Norfolk in favor of tho appointment to the magistracy of Mr. Broadhurst shows that 1)0 ia imbued with the democratic ideas of tho Jin de siicle. The Victorian colony in London is a littlo concerned about the personality of tho next Agent-Genoral, and wants to know whether Sir Graham Berry will bo asked to remain for another throe years. I do not know that the matter would have been talked about for somo time to como if it had not been for paragraph whioh reoently appeared in the Star and whioh would appoar to show that Sir Graham is. already taking measures in connection with his poBBiblo departure from among us Mc. Gashel Hocy, O.M.G., tho secretary to the Victorinn offico, is Blowly rocovoring from tho olfcots of the recent severe operation, and has not yot been nblo to resume liis ollioial duties. Mr. Huyben, ono of tho olerks in tho ofiico, who aotod ns assistant secretary at the Viotorinn Court nt the Oolonial and Indian Exhibition, who did tho work of tho London committcu for the InHt Mulbourno Exhibition, nnd acted ns secretary to tho Victorian Court nt Paris, lias rcooivod an Important appointment in a public company of good standing. A great deal of attention is being paid to the proceedings of tho Federal Convention, and tho general belief is that a workable constitution will be frnmod, although it iB feared that pos sibly the pretensions of tho smaller colonics may prevent u satisfactory conclusion from boing readied. You will havo heard that Mr. James Oddie, of Ballarat, has requested Sir Graham Berry, Mr. Goodwyn Lucis nnd Mr. Bookor to solect a soulptor to oxcouto a Btntuo of tho lato Hon. Peter Lator, tho Speaker of tho Legislative Assombly, nnd that tho ohoico has fnllon upon Mr. T. N. Mnoloan. Singularly enough there is great difference of opinion ns to whether Mr. Lalor had lost his right arm or tho loft, and the reoollection of many peoplo has been sevoroly tried. My own impression is that it was tbo right arm whioh was missing, but I am not quito suro. Possibly somo person who roally does rooollcot will com municate with the Agont-GonoraL I havo not enrod hitherto in my lotters to alludo to a silly rumor about tho Duko of Orloans boing muoh e'pris with Mndamo Malba, with having followod hor to St. Petersburg and Vionna, and with having roturnod in hor suite to Paris disguised as hor vnlet. Tho duko lias denied tho story, and lins written to the Gaulois that he wns on tho shores of the Black Sc.. Vt'liGU ruiiiol' Suid that he Wan ill Yiulillu. A i London paper alludes to the story in tho following mannor : — Tho silly story about Mndamo Melba and tho Duko of Orloans re solves itsolf into Mndamo Mclba's having accom panied her husband, Mr. Armstrong, to tho Northorn railway station at Paris, accompanied by a footman, who is vory liko tho Duko. The police followed tho footman, and, thanks to thoir too ingenious blundoring, tho report soou got about Paris that tho Duke of Orleans was living at Madame Molba's houso disguised as n footman. Tho footman was a reality; tho Duko a myth. Tbo Oolonial Mutual Insuranoo Company, who are virtually domioiled in London, havo a grievanco in their olionts not boing allowed to deduot the annual amount of their premiums from their inoomo tax, a privilege accorded to insurers in British companies. Thoy aro making representations to tho Treasury, but so far they have not been successful. Tho committee of tho lloyal Humano Sooicty havo aooorded thoir Stanhopo gold medal to Alfred John Cooper, fourth officer of tho P. and O. steamer Massilia, who in the Gulf of Adon, a locality infested by Bharks, jumped ovorboard and savod the lifo of a Lasoar, who had fallen into tho sea, although the vessel was going 13 knots at tho timo. The BUcceBs of Mr. Haddon Chambera's play, Tho Idler, has beon so markod that Mr. Alex ander has purohased from tbo author tho rights of anothor play entitled A Pipe of Peace. Mr. J. Mitchell, M.L.A. of Now South "Wales, is now in London endeavoring to induce somo English or Scotoh iron mastors to establish iron works in New South Wales, in order to obtnin tho contraot for tho first 175,000 tons of Bteol rails manufactured in tho colony, for whioh tho Government is inviting tenders. Kir. J. B. Pattorson has attended hln last British banquet, which was givon to him at Alnwick on tiie 31st ult., and ho will sail for New York by tho Majestic on tho 8th inst. In his last speooh ho spoko most highly of tho Aus tralian colonios ns a field for the investment of capital and the ouijiloymont of labor, ana ho in dulged in some words of praise for Lord Hope- toun and colonial governors generally. The last week has beon busy at tho theatres. A play now to England, although it has enjuyed a prosperous oarccr in Amcrian, has been pro duced at the Avenue. It is from tho pen of Mr. Bronson Howard, and is called Tho Henrietta, whioh is the nnmo not of a lady but of a mine. Tho play is a pioturo ot Stook Ex change gambling, and the story is told, not in the old fashioned way by dialogues, messages and soliloqnieB, but by tho tiok-tick-tiok of the tapo and tho "Hullo, put me on to 1437" of tho tcleplibno. The villain of the play, Nicholas Vanalstyno, is a New York stook operator who wants to become a powor in tho land by sharp ing his fellow New Yorkers out of their money. His father is drawn on similar linos, but he has a better heart, and although ready to beggar his Wall-street opponents as a matter of businoss ho is always ready to give them thousands of dollars to start again, or if thoy have blown out their brains to send large oheques to their widows. He falls in love with one widow, and in order to warn off other suitors less disinterested than himself, and lesson her attractions in thoir oyes, ooolly ruins her by inducing her to invest hor fortiino in worthless shares, and after giving bis daughter a large dowry whon she marries an English lord, he gets it back again by soiling her worthless stook. Tho interests of tho father and son diverge over tho Henrietta mine whicli young Nioholas systematically bears, during his father's absence, on a yachting voyage, nnd the old gentleman would havo beon ruined if it had not boon for his younger son, who expends a sum of 500,000 dollars which his fnther hnd given him in "supporting tho mar ket," as it is tormod. Tho great scono of tho play is in a stook broker's offico ; if tho stock sinks to 65 the futhor will bo ruined and tho older son become woalthy ; it touohes that figure when tho other son begins to buy with his £100,000. The stook rapidly reoovors lAid goes to par ; young Nicholas loses all lie has in tho world and dies from tho shock. The play is ex tremely novel, but many of the inoidents would not be intelligible to an audienco not oonvorsnnt with tho operations of tho Stock Exohange, which aro tho worst form of gambling. The world gets indignant ovor Monto Carlo, and sug gests that the I'rinco of Wales should tako tho motto of "Ideal" instead of "Ich dion" beoause of bis devotion to baccarat. But it shuts its eyes to the respectable gambling, which does moro misohicf than all the other forms put together. A new experiment has been mado at tho Princo of Walas Theatre, where tho manage ment has produced tho great Parisian success, L'Enfnnt I'rodigue, n throe act comedy, played entirely in pantomime, whilst tho piano off the stage spoko in musio tho words whioh tho silent actors loft unsaid. The story is that of a modern prodigal son, who, having wasted his substance, robbed his father and swindlod his friends for a worthless woman, shows his contrition by enlisting for a soldier. Tho story is told ontirely by notion nnd gesture, and the ability of tho aotor is boyond all praiso. Pierrot, the son, and Pierrot, tho fathor, are clad iu thS costumos of Italian clowns ; the other artistes — Piorrot's mother, an ordinary middle class matron ; Phrynette, a girl whoso name is an index to hor oharaeter, a wealthy Gorman baron and a negro scrvunt, who make up tho rest of the dramatis personw — are attired in ordinary and rather showy costumes. The pieco is vory interesting, and the play of gesture is re markable, but it is too artificial to bcoomo popular. Mr. Wyndbam lias revived tho School for Scandal at the Criterion, and has dressed and mounted it to perfection. But the very at tempts to bo rcalistio with tho eightoonth con tury surroundings only show up the extremely modern stylo of all the actors, with the excep tion of Mr. Fnrren, as Sir Rotor Teazle, and Mr. Wyndham, as Charles Surface. Mrs. Bornard Becre was a charming Lady Teazle ; sho looked as if she had stepped out of a picture frame at the Guolpli Exhibition, but she spoko and bore her solf like a Jin de siicle lady, to whom express trains and baccarat woro more familiar than sedan chairs and quadrille. 