LAROUR GLEANINGS. C-ii'iTAi, wants freedom of contract; Labour wants freedom of expansion. At a mass meeting hold at Cliarlcvillo on Sunday week last three cheers were given for tho Ivockhampton xirisouers. The sum of d!21 Ss. was collected on Tuesday last at the Day Daivn B.C. The miners in this claim are all white men. Some of tho.train-car drivers in Ballarat work 112 hours per week, for tho magnificent sum of jEI jier week jind find themselves. The Sons of Toil Union members on the third section of the Cairns Railway are oflcring them selves at Ss. per day. The swelled state of the Labour market works marvels. One Emil Opquea is in Adelaide from Doninark, hiiiiting around for an opening for Danish immi gration. lie disembarked at the wrong port ; he should have booked to Brisbane I Tho indiislrial commnnilj' is now said to bo organised into two camps, jealous .and susucious and ready for conflict, which may in a few months destroy tho savings of many yo-ars. The strike of omnibus drivers in Paris for a re duction of hours of labour to twelve a day has resulted in success. Tho Loudon drivers have succeeded in increasing their wages. Three hundred and seventy-six nominated inmii- erants was the total for New South IVales for ISilO, cunlincd exclusively to the wives and children of good character New South Welshmen. The nnemjiloyed in .Sydncj' last week acted on the dictum of Cardinal Manning that "a starving man is entitled to his neighbours' bread" by empty ing a baker's cart of forty-eight loaves. The Workers' Political Oi'ganisation pushed its w.ay into tho Buliinba (Q.) electorate on '27th M.ay. Its iircliininary dash is to bo followed up by a meeting in the Coorparoo School of Arts at an early date. it is said that the Gynipie minors christen their jmps Dog 'Tozor, after their member. 'This sham, like the representatives of all tlie other goldfiolds, will have a bad time of it when he goes iqi for ro-oleetion. 'The millers' strike at Scottdalo, Pennsylvania (U.S.A.), has collapsed, and, according to cable, the men arc in a terribly pitiable condition. 'This is not to bo wondered at in a land that puts its unemployed down at 3,000,000. 'The Eight-hour System in America. — A great strike of painters has taken iil.ace at New York, over 1000 brush hands having struck for .an eight- hours .and S.oOdol. day. 'Tho bricklayers of Jersey city are striking for a nine-hours' day. It is understood that Mr. Eddy, Chief liailw.ay Commissioner, has boon otrored il-lOOO pur annui'n by an English syndioato to manage its business. Is this a dodge to pave the w.ay for a rise of .£1000 in Mr. Eddy's screiv. — Illawariea JIkie- cuav. In tho IJarcaldine camp there is a well-fiUed libi'ary, a band, and a clramatic comiiany who give a concert twice a week. 'There is also in the cam)) a clever sketch artist. Yet tho Capitalist Press writes of these men as though they wore poor, deluded, ignorant fools. 'The English "coal-miners in conference at Chester recently passed a resolution inviting Australian and American miners to join in an international federation. 'This is tho sort of federation that the Imperial Eoderation League was not established to jiromoto. IVlion the jurymen in tho Rockhampton cases asked J udge Harding for food, after being with out it for twenty-four hours, ho remarked that as they had not asked the night before ho thought it was iiossible that they could rack their briiins better on empty stomachs. Was not this re mark a sign of an empty he.ad ? 'Tlie report of thoE..S.W. Royal Commission on Strikes declares that the late strike turned on tho question of tho employment of non-Unionists .and deduces that henceforth thoro is a wide distinc tion to bo drawn between strikes whioh concern the comfort of wage-earners and those which con cern combinations of tho same class. 'The British Morc.antilo Marino Association aro actively agitating for tho cessation of Sundaj- labour in Hongkong and other Eastern ports. By tho xiublication of .a history of tho qiiostioii they hope to arouse suflicient synipjitliy throughout tho British Empire to move tho Imperial Govorninent iu tho matter. May they succeed in tlioir en deavours. Tho Port ..lugiista branch of the Anialgauiatcd Shearers' Union have ballotted their members as to their willingness to remain at homo and onlj' accejit work through tho Union ollico. Einoty-flvo lior cent, havo voted iu favour of tho pro)OSal. If this could be doiio throughout all branches of Labour much hoart- buruing caused throuirli searching for omploymont would bo removod. " 'The immigration law in tho United States, fail ing to prevent tho importation of contract l.aboiir, has been supiilemontod by an additional law, which makes it a punishablo offence to advertise for liibourers in foreign countries. Wo don't go on like this in Qiioenshind. Signor Frairio sets out for 400 Itali.an labourers, and the Ageiit- Gcneral assists him with an additional 350. Wo are an onlightoned iioojilo, we are, we are ! — liOOMKUAXU (Q.) Mr. Casey, A.L.F., addressed a meeting at Rockhauijiton on 2!)tli May, whon tho vivacious organiser launched forth fierce invective agaiii.st things .as they aro. Ho also referred to tho sen tences in tho consxiiracy cases, and s.aid tho judge, by the severity of tho seiitouces, had done a great deal for the cause, and he called for three cheers for IMr. Harding, tho best Labour orgnuisor in Queensland. 'Three hearty groans wore given by the audience. Mr. Casey said tho men would never serve their tonus. The Labour inirty would not aiiin'oach tho present Government, biit at tho iie.xt election thej' would fight it out, and wipe both sentences and Government out. — BoOMKIE.vna. . In strikes which aim .at securing bettor tonus for tho wngo-carnors friendly conforoncos aro sug gested, and to this end a court of conciliation is recommended. For strikes which imss boyond this stage arbi tration may bo resorted to. For tho dischargo of both these functions it is rccomniondcd that one State Board bo appointed. The following sections of tho rcijort treat of tho pnr.fonnel of this body, which should consist of nominees of tho parties in dispute, and a iiorma- nont section. In a number of sections the report goes on to consider tho various courts of concilia tion in Eiiroiie. As_ to tho decisions of tho State Court of Conciliation, no form of cominilsion is recom mended beyond that of signing a bond agreeing to accept the verdict of the Court. Tho Commis sion considers that tho operation Of such a s.vstoin would do_ much to bring tho jiartios to Labour disputes into bettor relations. — Boomkieano (Q.) . A manager of a Queensland firm at Port Moresby, writes to tho Courirr, saying "business is not very brisk hero, and if you could do any thing towards imshing Now Guinea ahead wc should feel greatly obliged." Aftor onumerating the advantages of Now Qiiinea over Australia, tho astiito manager throws out the folloiviuj: alluring bait : — " Native Labour is cheap anc plentiful. From three to six sticks of triulo to bacco i)or d.ay, or about 10s. per month, is reckoned good pay, iind although in the- jinst thoro has been a great deal of dilliculty in getting them to sisMi agrooments, this dilTicull.y is gradually wear- away." Even with Labour " choap and plentiful," there is no balm in Gilcad.- -Boojierano. 