The &_tm_ fronting: Sarrail. MONDAY, APRIL 27, 1891. Trra miners in Westphalia have struck work for shorter hours. The death is annonnced of Count Von Moltke, in the 91st year of his age. He was until lately chief of the general staff of the German Army. The funeral obsequies are to be carried out with great military pomp. Large quantities of gunpowder are being sent by Portugal to Mozambique. Tns London Daily News writes in favour of the, State assuming the control of the voluntary schools in England, but Mr. Joseph Chamberlain considers that it would be impossible to do this, as it would involve an outlay of 30 millions sterling, besides increasing the rates by five millions sterling. It is stated by Westgarth's Circular that Australian securities would experience a sharp rebound if an intimation was given to the effect that there would be no more colonial loans for a period of two years. The Under-Secretary for Foreign Affairs has intimated that the condition of affairs at Samoa is satisfactory, and that no tremble is expected. The effects of the gunpowder explosion in some were very serious. Several windows of great value in the Vatican and at Peter's were shattered, and the Pope, who was celebrating mass in the Cathedral, was thrown down, but escaped with a severe shaking. The publicans of England complain because Mr. Goschen has made no remissions of liquor taxation. In connection with the Miranzai rising it is reported that the British expedition from Kohat hog destroyed 12 villages of the roots, and that the tribes are now suing for peace. Sir James Bain, the Conservative candidate, has been returned for Whitehaven. Tub responsibility of selecting the pictures for the Victorian National Gallery has been accepted by Professor Herbert Herkomer, ARA. In connection with the charge against Captain E. H. Vernor, M.P., evidence goes to show that he is identical with the man Wilson who was involved in a scandal last year. A dividend of 3 per cent has been declared by the Orient Steam Navigation Company. It is reported by leading shareholders that the Hans d Publishing Union is hopeless, and that its reconstruction is impossible. In connection with the Government proposals as to education in England it is considered probable that the Opposition will allow it to be free, but that they will take the earliest opportunity of seeking to place the Denominational schools under popular control. Military operations illustrating the defence of the harbour were carried out on Saturday, when experiments was made with the combination of heavy guns with field battery, machine, and quick firing guns. The whole of the forces were under the command of Colonel Spalding, Lieutenant Colonel Airey having charge of the northern side of of Port Jackson, and Major Murray of the southern side Major Baynes was in charge at Bare Island, Onb feature of the display was the representation of on imaginary enemy by the steamer Princess, As she came in line to the batteries the heavy guns began to fire. Having rounded South Head, she made for Watson's Bay landing-stage. As she went along the infantry opened fire with rifles, and come small guns were brought into play. Altogether the firing lasted about half an hour. AftER the sham fight (target practice was pursued, both shot and shell being used, and the results were considered satisfactory. The census returns for Albury give the total population of the borough as 5152, which is an increase of 1412 since 1881. A SETTLEMENT has been arrived at in connection with the Greta Colliery dispute. All matters are to be arranged by mutual consent, and, failing that, by arbitration, as provided by the general agreement. ' The news of the sinking of the Chilian ironclad Blanco Encalada by torpedoes has been confirmed, the disaster being attended with great loss of life. The death is announced of Mr. Norwood, chairman of the docks committees. Tub Commander-in-chief of the rebel natives is organising further resistance to the British in India. It is believed that 62 Indian clerks and servants have been taken prisoners. The Economist, writing upon the subject of Colonial loans, states that the Victoria's guarantee is better than that of South Australia or Queensland, but points out that Victoria has borrowed very extensively of late. Tub leaves. Massilia has arrived at Albany? from Colombo, with mails and passengers for Australia, The complete railway returns of New Zealand for the financial year show a net profit of 8 per cent, on the cost of construction. Aecehisuoi' Dunne, on his return from Europe to Brisbane, was welcomed on Saturday by 150 of the leading residents. Mr. A. Walker, the delegate to the Argentine) Republic chosen by the Australian Labour Federa- tion, left Brisbane on his mission on Saturday. In connection with the Elder scientific exploring party, which has left Adelaide for central Australia, it is stated that every care will be taken to provide for the expedition carrying out its work in a thoroughly scientific manner, and that no party ever left under more favourable circumstances. Mr J. H. Gkeenb, M.L.A., speaking at Gren- fell on Saturday, dealt exhaustively with the question of federation, giving a synopsis of the bill, and expressing himself in favour of it Although opposed to the one man one vote principle he would accept it rather than jeopardise the Mil Mu, 0. 0. Danoab, MLA., addressing a meeting of electors at Kempsey on Saturday, reviewed the work of the session, and defended his vote for the Byron Bay breakwater scheme. THE census returns give the population of the Lismore municipality as 8187, and the Ballina municipality as 1112. An opium conference was held in the Centenary Hall yesterday afternoon. Mr. Quong Tart related his own efforts to put a stop to the traffic, and said that when too federation delegates were in Sydney they all promised to co-operate with New South. Wales in putting down the course, The result of the trial of the prisoners charged with rioting at Clermont was that these were all acquitted with the exception of two who are under- going sentences for intimidation. Values of shares is the principal city. t mining companies remained unaltered on Saturday of but the sales were not numerous. The business of the land and building companies and societies of Sydney for the past year has been almost stationary. The advances for the year amounted to -28,522,469 as compared rich £3,851,774 in the preceding year. Tub Orient Company's RISES, Austral sailed at noon on Saturday for London, calling at Hobart en route. The Austral has a fairly well filled passenger list, which includes many well-known names. Sir Henry Parkes went round in the Austral to Melbourne. A woman has been murdered in New York under similar circumstances to the " Jack the Ripper " crimes in England, At the London wool sales the total number of bales catalogued to date is 269,200 bales, of which 255,600 have been sold. A PtE, which resulted in the destruction of a valuable plant of machinery, was discovered early yesterday morning, in premises situate in Parra matta-road, Glebe, and occupied by Messrs, Hack shall and Co., carrying on business as biscuit manufacturers. The Customs revenue on Saturday amounted to £1159. The report and evidence concerning the fatal explosion at Middle Head are before the public, and, as we remarked the other day, it is now quite clear what were the precise circumstances under which the accident took place, and the exact causes by which it was occasioned. But, notwithstanding that we ' reiterate the opinion expressed more than a fortnight ago, that it is essential that the public should know whether there were secondary causes leading up to the catastrophe, and influences or conditions remotely contributing to it. The question cannot be held to have been settled until it is known whether there were or were not antecedent causes to be traced out in the administration of our War Department. As Colonel de Wolski rightly remarks in his statement handed to the Court, it is a very painful thing to cast any reflection on the dead. The duty cannot, however, be evaded where, as in this case, it seems manifest that the immediate cause of the disaster is to be found in the action of some of those who were the victims of it. They appear to have been chargeable with not only a want of ordinary prudence, but also with disregarding the instructions of their superior officers and the rules of the service. But when we are told by that officer that he can offer no. explanation of this disobedience, the question is, whether the matter can be allowed to rest at that point. An explanation is required, whatever means may be necessary for obtaining it. The military Court of Inquiry satisfied itself that it had reached " the full solution of the accident." We do not think that the public will be, or ought to be, satisfied with the fulness of a solution which does not show how it came about that the things which ought not to have been done were done, audtbat those things which ought to have been done were not done, so that some guidance might be given as to the means for preventing such fatal acts of omission and commission in" the future, . There is evidence of the general com- petence and trustworthiness of the two officers in charge of the boat, as also of their perfect coolness and freedom from excitement. One witness said, indeed, that after the cutter had waited at the jetty for about an hour there was a little undue hurry at the last moment ; but the general effect of the evidence is that the proceedings were conducted in a sort of familiar and every-day manner, as if there were nothing extraordinary about them. Now, if it had, appeared that there were signs of disturbance or flurry, an explanation of the circumstances would not be so far to seek. The difficulty lies in understanding how men of such a character could behave in such a way. Colonel Spalding, in his minute accompanying the report on the inquiry, remarks that these officers-in fact, all who were in the cutter were " thoroughly imbued with the responsible, but not necessarily dangerous, nature of their duties " The evidence, as we think, points the opposite way. Had this influential sense of responsibility prevailed, precautionary measures would hardly have been neglected find precautionary instructions would not have been disobeyed. But this brings us back to the question How is the phenomenon to be explained? Was this want of a due sense of responsibility-this for getfulness of the conditions under which alone danger could be averted a sudden development, or the result of past laxity of discipline ? We hear of instructions having been issued some time ago. The question is whether, if a habit of invari- able obedience to instructions had been established by the discipline of the past it would have lapsed so utterly on this occasion ? explanation is no less desirable upon another point. From Colonel de Wolsuu's supplementary statement, in which Captain Collins's letter is included, it appears that the Colonel had on the very day of the accident expressed his belief that spectacular displays in work of such a kind were accompanied by danger. It is also intimated that such displays on the torpedo training-ship at Portsmouth have of late years been forbidden by the Admiralty. Now Colonel De Wolskx, as the officer in charge of the submarine mining operations, was verbally asked by Colonel Spalding, the officer commanding the camp, to have some charges exploded on the afternoons of the two days when the Premier and the Governor respectively were expected to be present. The (request, therefore, clearly was that spectacular displays should be provided. Does it not seem equally clear that the time when the request was made was the right time for pointing out the danger of com- plying with it, and citing the policy of the Imperial naval authorities ? Colonel Spalding does not use too strong a word in describing the omission to do this as " extraordinary What the public would be glad to know is, whether there is an indication hereof any want of cordial co-opera- tion between our high military authorities. If there is no special element of danger in spectacular torpedo experiments, there is no particular reason why they should be prohibited ; but if there is such danger, surely the fact should have been pointed out to the officer commanding the camp, as it can hardly be said that they were an absolutely necessary part of the nine days' training. We are not in a position to challenge the opinion of an export by throwing doubt upon the existence of the alleged danger. But what is the precise danger, if it exists The presumption is that it is feared the men will lose their heads or forget their discipline. But that implies a want of confidence in the steadiness of the men, or in the efficacy of their training and discip- line. And that, again, is not encouraging in anticipation of the greater dangers and more seriously disturbing influences that would be encountered in the presence of an enemy. Can we be satisfied that our defence system would be sufficient for the purposes of war if its efficiency is likely to break down under the strain of spectacular displays in times of peace ? It would be a calamity if this sad accident should be allowed to pass out of sight without leaving behind it lessons more valuable than the technical findings in this report. The right result would be the initiation of substantial reforms in our defence system. For years past there has been a steady accumulation of evidence of the need for reorganisation under one responsible hand, who would be able to deal with all matters promptly and firmly. To the advice of General ScHAW and General Edwards' must now be added the recommendations of Colonel de Wolski, We have had inquiries and reports ad nauseam. Direct, comprehensive, and conclusive action is no longer to be hoped for in the absence of a Minister who can give his whole and earnest attention' to his business, and realise his responsibility in connection with it, In 1887 General Schaw submitted, as the first of his recommen- dations, the reorganisation of the submarine mining engineers, and the construction of a proper submarine mining establishment, with suitable steamers and appliances. Colonel se VVolski now says that his time has been so wasted in other matters that he has had but little leisure to devote to the important duties of training the submarine miners and preparing a scheme of defence and he adds, " The want of a properly-equipped submarine mining establishment and an efficient staff has made this portion of my duties well-nigh impossible." But what is more particularly to be noted is the fact that he refers to this and other points as possibly accounting for some of the causes which have tended to bring about the late accident. That is an admission of the point for which we have been contending namely, that it is the more remote and contributory causes which should be searched out and dealt with. In other cases we have had palpable- evils exposed and inquired into, reported upon, and forgotten. Will the same result, or rather want of result be seen in this case ? A. radical change is called for. The death of Count von Moltke is the closing of a military career that has been more momentous in its results than that of any other soldier of modern times. Others by statesmanship and diplomacy have contributed to that position which Germany occupies as the fore- most Power, and virtually the arbiter of peace and war in Europe, but Von Moltke may be regarded as the creator of the German army, and it was his brain that planned those swift campaigns that made that army irresistible. With Bismarck he divides honours in the consolidation of the German Empire, but he has been happier than his great colleague in having come to the close of his career without having had to hear that disappointment and humiliation under which the eminent diplomatist has been called to pass his declining years for the great strategist has passed away with all his honours on him, revered and beloved by the people whose armies he had so often led to victory, and enjoying unabated not only the confidence but the sympathy of his Imperial master. The history of this great general affords another illustration of how force of character. may triumph over circumstances, and how difficulties encountered and con- quered contribute to the ultimate success of a self-made , man. The son of a Danish officer without adequate means for pushing him on in the world, he' entered the Military Academy as cadet, the little Danish army at the boat affording but a limited sphere for developing the talents which became ultimately so conspicuous in the field of European warfare. Fortunately for him, he transferred his services to Prussia at a time when that Power held but an unimportant position among the nations of Europe, and the progress which it made by many stages to the position in which it now stands was the story of Von Moltkb'b life. When yet in his youth he was driven by a desire for travel to visit Eastern Europe, and accept- ing an important position in the organisa- tion of the Turkish army, he had an opportunity for developing his talent for military organisation in circumstances of unusual difficulty and though, from the jealousy with which his attempted reforms were thwarted, the campaigning of Turkey, subsequent to his appointment, against Mehemet Ali; of Egypt, was disastrous, he returned to Prussia with his abilities fully recognised, and speedily won his way to position and command. His conduct of the military operations against Denmark over the Schleswig Holstein difficulty was the prelude to his appearance on a grander scene the war with Austria, and the completion of that great struggle in it " campaign of seven days," ending on the field of Sadowa, was the first great testimony to the skill in planning and Swift ness in execution which have been so characteristic of the great strategist. This was the first great occasion that brought the name of Von Moltke before the world, and it was the preparation to yet greater work remaining in the inevitable struggle for ascendancy between Germany and France. As a member for Eastern Prussia in the German Parliament his forcible oratory was a principal factor in persuading the country to accept the measures the strength for largely increasing of the army, and long before hostilities broke out with France he had not only brought the German forces to the highest state of efficiency, but had so perfected the means of mobilisation that he was able to precipitate half a million soldiers on the frontier before France had fairly awakened to the position. Within four weeks after the declaration of war he had con- quered two great armies of France, and in two more weeks she received the surrender of a third army and of the Emperor of the French himself. The rapidity with which these achievements were accomplished and the unfailing accuracy with which he anticipated and defeated every movement in the continued struggle made by France to shake off the grasp of the invader, have been a wonder in the annals of military operations, and have placed the name of the deceased soldier among the foremost of the great military leaders in history. Count Von Moltkk had practically retired from the active work of military command, so that his disappearance from the scene can have no material effect on the military organisation of the German Army ; but it is known that his counsel was always sought, and that the utmost deference was paid to his opinion, as were also the highest honours conferred on him which it was possible for his Emperor and a grateful people to bestow. It is known that the deceased strategist was one of the sternest supporters of the seizure and retention of the Rhine provinces from France, and it may be possible that his death may in that respect tend to the softening of the programme marked out by the conquerors and to facilitate what seems to be the only event that can ever allay the enmity between France and Germany. However this may be, and whatever may be the difference, of sentiment respecting the results to Europe of the ascendency of Germany, all men will acknowledge that in Count von Moltke there has passed away the greatest mili- bury genius of the age and one of the most notable figures in modern history. As will be noticed from our Melbourne telegrams and general news, the inquiry into the fatal explosion at Queenscliff during the Easter Manoeuvres has collapsed, the whole of the members of the board of inquiry having given in their re- signations. This unsatisfactory incident has simply occurred through the Minister of Defence desiring an exhaustive and proper inquiry, but going about it in a wrong way. The explosion of the gun' which caused the fatal accident appears plainly enough to have been caused by the violent closing of the breech-block after the insertion of the vent sealing tube, for subsequent experiments showed that such explosion could be effected by the Commission in the violent closing of the look. In so far the immediate cause of the disaster seems as clear as the immediate cause of the explosion off our Middle Head, But the case in Victoria is complicated by the questions of the proper point of time for insert- ing the tube, whether before or after the closing of the breech-look ; of the Imperial and colonial practice in this regard and of the observance or non-observance of the drill instructions in respect to this, and the instructions specially accompanying those particular Armstrong guns. Indeed, any impartial observer must have come to the conclusion that nothing short of a very searching investigation into the part taken by the officers in control of the whole operation and the practice leading up to it could satisfy the necessities of the case and in so A far, public opinion throughout the colonies will commend the action of Sir Frederick Sargood in desiring that the inquiry should embrace the officers, their previous experience of artillery practice and of breech-loading guns of this particular pattern, and in fact their general efficiency, as well as their propriety of action in this" particular case. But an error of judgment marred the good intention, and unfortunately the constitution of the board precluded it, in the estimation' of its members, from giving full effect to the Minister's wish, and the board of inquiry has resigned its commission. The military officers on the board declined, on grounds of j etiquette, to sit in judgment on other officers superior to them in point of seniority ; the naval members declined to violate the rule that naval officers cannot adjudicate on matters peculiarly pertaining to the sister service and the laymen-one being the Inspector of Explosives in the colony, and the other the Superintending Railway Engineer professed themselves in competent to determine on military matters of purely technical detail and discipline in the service. It is just to them to say that the more extended scope of the inquiry was sprung on them by surprise, and that they had expected only to be asked to investigate the immediate cause or causes of the disaster. Whether the re- trospective inquiry into the antecedents and qualifications of the officers in command was originally intended or was an afterthought, there is no doubt that in this particular case it seems imperatively demanded. And though we in another colony have no voice in interfering with the conduct of military affairs in Victoria, these accidents in connection with the defensive operations of the colonies are becoming far too frequent for us to be indifferent to their occurrence. Let it once be thought that inquiry into such disasters cannot reach back to officers whose arrangements or instructions may have been con- tributory to the accident, and public confidence will be shaken, and people will come to think that position and influence may be a shield against responsibility. Possibly the officers in command of the artillery forces of Victoria are cent's--' blameless in respect of the Queenscliff disaster, and in their interests, as well as for the public satisfaction, it is to be hoped that Sir Frederick Sargood will not be deterred by this little contretemps with his board from pursuing this investigation to the end. As announced in our cable messages the Agent-General for Queensland has taken steps for the importation of Italian immigrants. An agent has been despatched to Piedmont and Lombardy to select agriculturists and experts in fruit- growing, and 350 emigrants are expected to leave Genoa for Australia in the end of June. The interests of all the colonies are so united now that no part can be indifferent to what another port is doing, and as immigration and the labour question are tender subjects, this special enterprise of Queensland affecting both will he freely commented on. The coloured labour question of Queensland has more particularly been a source of concern to many in the sister colonies, and the substitution of any alien labour in succession to Kanakas will be viewed askance and more so will this be true respecting Italian labourers at this particular time than of any other people of Europe. The Italian trouble in New Orleans has thrown a cloud over Italian character, and the first impulse will be to look on this Italian immigration as the importation of the Main confederation into the law-abiding communities of Australia, There is little doubt that all such fears and prog- nostication!, if they are indulged, are without any basis in fact, and that the importation contemplated is of an entirely innocuous character. For there are Italians and Italians, and there is more difference between the Italians of Northern and Southern Italy in respect of law-abiding predilections than there is between the average Italian and the Englishman. The Piedmontese have had a history that will commend them very warmly to the great bulk of the British people, and we may feel pretty confident that our friends in the sister colony are not doing anything that is likely to contaminate or deteriorate the Australian stock. Australians generally are too intelligent to indulge that insular self- conceit which so often, prompts the untravelled Englishman to think that he and his have a monopoly of all the virtues and a moderate and judicious mixture of European nationalities, if the immigrants are the average of good men and women, cannot but tend to the improvement of the Australian race. Indeed, it is from the congregation of people not only from every quarter of the United Kingdom had every part of the civilised world, each'! with a different fashion of thought and! 1 ways of life that we have developed ! that eclecticism that constitutes the I vitality of colonial progress and it 1 is a question whether this method . of special selection of small bodies ' of immigrants from different nationalities, and with differing experiences and qualifications, might not have been pursued to a ' greater extent to the benefit of the colonies. 1 ThOBo Italian husbandmen will go to Queensland with their lifelong and hereditary experiences in the growth and manipulation of products that will flourish in the colony under their hands and even 1 the humble contrivances and methods of 'peasant life to which they have been trained will have their advantages in showing to colonists how industries may be made to thrive without those expensive and elaborate appliances which novices may be tempted to consider necessary to success. The Queensland venture may have as one of its objects, the mere supply of a 1 cheaper form of labour ; but, apart from this, it may be the means of acclimatising new forms of industry that may prove beneficial to the whole of the colonies. this view of Parliament assembling on May 10 for Parliamentary Standing Committee on Public Works will' shortly be engaged in considering its sports. These will include the fifth general report, a document which must be forwarded to the Governor before the opening of the session, and laid before the House within 14 days of its meeting. The other reports which probably will be brought forward will deal with the proposed college for the training of Public school teachers, the hospital buildings in Macquarie-street, the extension of the Rama Nowra railway into the town of Nowra, the railway from Cobar to Cockburn, and the proposed tramways through the streets of Sydney, Sir Henry Parkes left Sydney at noon on Saturday, in the R.M.S. Austral, for Melbourne, via Hobart. He was accompanied to the Bloomer by Lady Parkes, and Mr. Critchett Walker (Principal Under-Secretary), and a number of friends assembled to see him off. Sir Henry is making the journey more for health than for any other purpose ; but when he reaches Melbourne he will meet the Premier of Victoria and some of the representatives of South Australia in conference, to discuss the subject of federation, with the view to determine a definite course of action in each col on v. Sir Henry Parkes will arrive in Melbourne on Wednesday, he will remain in that city for about two days, and return to Sydney overland, A deputation will wait upon the Minister for Lands this afternoon, at 2.30, from the Goulburn ' Municipal Council, in reference to the dedication of reserve 190 for quarry and other municipal purposes. ' Tub Public Works Committee will meet to-morrow afternoon to continue the inquiry into the proposed Cobar to Cockburn railway. It is ex . pected that several gentlemen from Broken Hill, who have been appointed specially for the purpose, will attend as witnesses and give evidence in support of the railway. The secretary to the Broken Hill Tramway Company will also be present. Bomb military operations of instructive character were carried out at the Heads and at Bare Island, Botany, on Saturday. The forces ? engaged consisted of the Permanent and Partially paid Artillery, the 1st and 2nd Regiments of Infantry, and a small detachment of Submarine Mines, by whom the signalling work was performed. The operations were based upon the sup- position that a belligerent power had despatched a squadron to these waters. One of the features of the proceedings was the employment of a large body of riflemen to protect the bays, etc A detailed account of the operations of the troops will be found in another part of this journal. , The Messageries Maritimes mail steamer Aus- tralian, in command of Captain Didier, will leave Sydney at 11 o'clock this morning for Mar- seille). The Tanais, which arrived from New Caledonia yesterday brought a number of passengers to join the mail steamer. The Governor of New Caledonia, family, and suite will join the Australian at Melbourne. Admiral A. Denison, who has been on a visit to Australia and New Zealand, returns to Europe by the Australien, and Monol Roberts is in the list booked at Sydney. An addition to the number of French convicts in the Pacific will be made by the arrival of the steamer Caledonien at Noumea. When the Tanais left last week a vessel was daily expected with a shipment of 6175 prisoners on board. After landing these the steamer has to load nickel ore homeward. The Tanais is bearer of the new? that the wo- iden French cruiser Champlain, a new steamer of 2000 tons and carrying 16 guns, arrived at Papeete in Tahiti, on the 8th instant, disabled. She was last from an island cruise, and was reported to have struck on one of the thousands of coral reef which abound in the Pacific The Champlin will very likely come down to Sydney to be docked and overhauled. Besabotnq the cablegram which appeared in Saturday's issue concerning the appeal to the Privy Council in the New South Wales case of Bucknell v. Vickery, and in which their Lordships reserved their decision, it may be stated that the original Equity suit was one in which William Wentworth Bucknell claimed that defendant, Ebenezer Vickery, was merely mortgagee in possession of the property, consisting of Mungyer and. Nowley stations, Liverpool Plains, but defendant's ' contention was that he was absolute owner. The question. of Bucknall's right to re- team had pre- ' viously gone to the Privy Council on the defendant's appeal, which appeal was dismissed. Subsequently accounts were gone into under the decree, and one question to be decided was whether Vickery was entitled to charge commission after he had gone into possession of the property, upon a promissory note which was secured by mortgage, the covenant in the mortgage being that the mortgagees should pay to the mortgagee a commission of 25 per cent, upon any renewal or renewals of the promissory note which the mortgagee might accept, and equal commission on further advances. No renewal was, in fact, given, but defendant contended that this was a cargo which should be allowed for under the words " just a lowances " in the decree and further, that in effect renewals were given by reason of defendant not having closed the account. Sir William Manning, the then Primary Judge, disal kind the commission ; but upon the 25th of May, 1883, the Full Court reversed his decree and allowed Vickery a commission of 2 per cent, every half year on certain portions of the mortgage debt. Against this decision Bucknell appealed to the Privy Council. The stations are of considerable value, and the commission claimed is a very large item in the account On Saturday the Registrar sat in Bankruptcy to deliver judgment upon a proof submitted by the Commercial Bank of Australia in the estate of John Wilson for the sum of £5250, advanced by the bank in 1835, in connection with Her Majesty's Theatre. The bankrupt, with five others, had be come joint guarantors for the sum named, but three of them had paid off £1000 each. The bank, however, under a covenant contained in the agreement, contended that it was entitled to prove in Wilson's estate for the full amount, but the Registrar held that the bank could only prove for the balance of £8250, at which sum he admitted the '' proof. Technical Education appears to be making rapid ' advances in all parts of the colony. The manual training workshops at the Fort-street school, after being in operation for 12 months, have become so popular that there is not now sufficient accommodation for all the applicants for admission and scholars have been refused entrance into the classes. ' Consequently the Minister for Education has given instructions for the workshops to be enlarged to twice their present accommodation. Classes of a similar character have recently been established at the Crown-street school, where there are in attendance about 55 students, all the available accommodation being utilised. At Blackfriars there are some 40 students, and at the Sussex-street school now technical classes are in formation. A course of cooking instruc- tion has just been commenced at Balmain, the leading Public school in that populous suburb having been fitted up with a classroom of this special branch of education. Instruction in cookery li also being given in the schools at Bathurst, where the itinerating teacher, Miss Nesbitt who has just completed a successful course extending over six months at Goulburn will be located for a period. In the Wagga district, which the UinliUr recently visited, a strong desire to participate in the benefits of technical education is manifested, Between 50 and 60 students have given in their names for enrolment in the different classes, and Mr. Carruthers has approved of the establishment of a technical school in the district. New classes have been formed in joinery, stair construction, and designing at Broken Hill, and between 80 and 10 scholars are being instructed. The following congratulatory address has been L lent by the l»Ji_rm»o9uUoal Society of New South Wales to the Pharmaceutical Society of Great Britain, on the celebration of its jubilee, which will take place next month -" To the president, vice president, and members of the Pharmaceutical Society of Great Britain.-Gentlemen,-Wo, the undersigned, president, vice-president, and members of the council of the Pharmaceutical Society New South Wales, have much pleasure in sending you from the antipodes our heartiest congratulations on the completion of your subi- see. We in sunny New South Wales watch with great interest the work and progress of what we call and look upon as our parent society, and can cordially sympathise with and congratulate you upon the great strides and advancement which have been made by pharmacy in the old world and we in our humble way are trying as far as possible under the difficulties with which we have to contend to follow in the Testator s of the illustrious men who have guided and aided the parent soo city in Great Britain since its inauguration. Our own society (established in the year 1876) has made steady progress in the advancement of pharmacy in New South Wales, and although young in years, we have made rapid strides in furthering the interests of members of our profession, and, through them, the welfare of the general public At the present moment we are, like yourselves draining an Amended Pharmacy Act, to be placed before our Parliament, which we trust will shortly become the law of the land in the event of this Act passing we shall be placed in such a position that we hope the Pharmaceutical Society of Great Britain will see its was clear to recognise the diplomas of the Pharmacy Board of New South Wales, In conclusion, we again congratulate your society upon the successful termination of its fiftieth year and wish you continued success and prosperity. We shall be pleased to hear from you at all times, and be happy to welcome any of your members who may honour us with a visitors'. H, M Carthy, president, P. B Mel hush, vice-president, J. 0. Hallam, B. T. Bellemey. 0\. Butcher, W. Blackall, H. A. Ross King Senior, J.P., Geo. Wells, L. P. Williams, members of Council, W, T, Pinhey, secretary. Tub popular and picturesque Bondi Aquarium grounds week after week attract numerous pleasure seekers, and Saturday was no exception to the rain But in addition to the natural attractions of this favourite resort, excellent entertainments are given in the main hall. On Saturday afternoon the concert was especially good, and amongst those who contributed to the amusement of the visitors were Messrs. Harry Oromor, Johnny Cowan George Turner, J S. Porter, and the Misses Florence Schuler, and Bay Cowan. The phonograph also proved to be of considerable interest, and the records of various speeches, songs, and strains from bands were listened to with rapt attention. Amongst the records was that of Lord Carrington's farewell speech to New South Wales. The usual standing attractions, including the switchback railway and the camera obscura, received as much attention as ever. A crowded audience witnessed the presentation of the new programme in the School of Arts on Saturday evening The Vaudeville Company has now occupied the boards at this hall for a period of nearly five months, and it says much for the quality of the entertainment that the instantaneous success which the company achieved has been sustained throughout In the minstrelsy portion of the bill the contributions of Mr D Devereux and Mr. Hazlewood were enthusiastically, received, and the ballads of Miss Lucy Fraser and Miss Corrie Devereux were not less appreciated Messrs. Frank Yorke T. Bosnian, and Martyn Hagan created much laughter by their eccentricities The Sisters Anderson, a recent and tion to the company, danced very gracefully, an I was rewarded by the liberal plaudits of the house, 'Scenes in a Prize Bing," an absurdity in which Tom Thumb and Tom Finger participate, nightly convulsed those who witness it The Vaudeville trio, Messrs. Hazlewood Arthur Farley, and Miss Lucy Fraser are as popular as over, and merit the recognition which is accorded them Mr Martyn Hagan and Miss Lucy I races were successful in their sketch entitled ' Old and Young " The programme terminated with the laughable farce The Barber's Wife." This members of the Cottier family opened to a large house in the Hay market Music Hall on Saturday evening, and, judging from the manner in which the various items were received, the new venture will be a successful one The programme consisted of minstrelsy and Clio, and was concluded by a laughable farce entitled " Mistaken Identity. ' Oliva to the unsettled state of the weather on Saturday, the Austral Minstrels did not give an entertainment at the Coogee Palace Aquarium. An opium conference was held in the Centenary Hall yesterday afternoon, when a spirits! address weathered by the Rev. Charles Bright. The Rev W G. Taylor (chairman) and Mr Quong Tart also spoke A motion ' That the sale of opium except for medicinal purposes should be prohibited ' was carried unanimously I bazaar was opened by Mrs Kelynack in the Croydon Park Wesleyan Church on Wednesday last The bazaar was continued throughout the week, The attendance was excellent and the large and attractive assortment of useful and fancy articles prepared by the ladies scoured ready sale. Helecuons of vocal and instrumental music on livened the proceedings each evening. Edison's phonograph was exhibited in the Bur- wood School of Arts on Friday evening, and on Saturday, and private recitals were given, Bocitn tions, vocal pieces by well known singers, and Instrumental selection especially a cornet solo which the phonograph reproduces! with amazing and delightful fidelity, were loudly applauded on one occasion an encore being called for and responded to. A BArp of work was held in the Town Hall, Canterbury last week, in aid of the Episcopal churches at Hal more and Moorefield. The receipts a mounted to about 500 An orchestra under the leadership of Mr S Chudleigh, gave its services The Rev. Canon Kemmis gave an entertaining lecture on " Charles Dickens " in St James' School-room Croydon, on Friday evening in aid of the parsonage fund. The Rev S. Fox presided. The reverend lecturer showed a keen approbation of the inimitable humour and pathos which characterised all that flowed from the pen of the do master of the immortal Pickwick and of his irrepressible groom Sam Weller Canon Kemmis s rendering of some of the more humorous passages caused great merriment The lecturer was Tro quently applauded, and at the close was accorded a cordial vote of thanks, Ov Friday Mr. J M. Main, missionary stationed at Waterloo, accompanied by Alderman D P. Williams and Mr G K Noble, gave a lantern entertainment to the sick children in the Glebe Children's Hospital Sixty lime-light views were exhibited of a kind adapted for children. many of the views causing immense interest and amusement. AaiiirwnpcSFD crew arrived yesterday onboard the steamer Tanais from New Cale Loma A ship named the J W Gildemoistor, under the German Flag left Newcastle for Hongkong in February, and was caught in a hurricane early in March During the storm the heavy bodies of water which swept the ship's decks washed away the tarpaulin cover- ing the hatchways, and bursting into the vessels hold overpowered the exertions of the crew to keep the ship afloat She drifted during the hurricane bodily on to a reef off one of the islands in the New Hebrides group. Hundreds of natives assembled on the cliffs and the beach, armed with spears. Under these circumstances the crew, thoroughly exhausted by continuous work and almost half drowned by the heavy seas wash- ing them about, clung to their stranded ship For six days and nights they watched and waited, not knowing the moment they would be attacked by the savages from the shore or swallowed up by the merciless Bens. Happily, the weather cleared, and the men found a means of escape by the aid of a ship's boat, which still remained to them as worthy. In this way they out to sea, and were picked up by the brig Para and taken to Port Sandwich, in Mallicolo Island, and from there to New Caledonia by the French New Hebrides Trading Company's steamer, The wreck was afterwards sold for £15, A fire, which resulted in the destruction of a valuable plant of machinery, was discovered at about 3 o'clock yesterday morning, in pre mees situate in Parramatta road, Glebe, and occupied by Messrs, Hackshall and Co , carrying on business as biscuit manufacturers. The alarm was given by the man on duty in the tower of the Metropolitan Fire Station, Castlereagh size it, and was at once communicated to Na J Station. As quickly as possible the latter brigade turned out with a steamer and eight men, being followed by the Glebe and several other volunteer companion, A manual, with a staff of seven men under the superintendent Mr, Bear, was also despatched from headquarters. By the time the brigades reached the scene of the fire the building was well alight and all efforts to stay the progress of the fire were iucOeotual Water was poured upon the flames until the roof collapsed and it was not until after hard work by both the permanent and volunteer firemen present that the outbreak was extinguished. An examination disclosed the fact that the building when consisted of three floors, 47ft. x OQ£W and was used as a manufactory and store together with the large stock of goods and machinery which it contained, had been almost burnt out and had partly fallen down. Mr. Hackshall was the last person to leave on the preceding night, at 9 o'clock, and he securely fastened the promises, which were constructed of brick with iron roof. The ' origin of the outbreak is unknown. The total amount of insurance on the building and its contents is about £8000, but the loss exceeds this amount. The insurance companies affected are the Mercantile Mutual and the Colonial Mutual. On Saturday night, at Parramatta, a railway guard named M'Donald was accosted by three men, who demanded money. On refusing, M'Donald was struck in the face and otherwise severely handled. One of the supposed offenders was shortly afterwards arrested and lodged in the lockup. SHORTLY after 5 o'clock on Saturday evening a youth named Frederick Bradley, 17 years of age, met his death by drowning in Mathon's Baths, Marrickville. It appears that the deceased, who was amoBsongoromployodupou the railway, accompanied by three other lads, proceeded to the baths for the purpose of bathing. Whilst playing upon one of the springboard, Bradley fell into the water, which was about 10ft. deep, and immediately sank. He was not seen to rise again to the surface. After three-quarters of an hour his body was recovered by John Toyer, life, of course, being OJtincL The deceased, who was unable to swim, resided with his parents in John-street, Marrickville. An inquiry will be held this morning at the Stanmore Hotel. Tub Prince Alfred Hospital report for the week ended April 25 is as follows Admitted, 45; discharged, 55; died, 9; remaining in hospital, 103 ; number of out-patients treated during the week, 353 ; number of casualty cases treated but not admitted, 182 ; total, 535. There are 22 cases of typhoid fever in the hospital. 