THE PARLIAMENT. LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. TnCRSDAY. DECEJU5EK 17'. The Piujsident (Sir n. Ayers) took the Chair at 2 o'clock. RAILWAY WHEAT RATES. T1i» flftMMlSSfllN'KR of CKOWX LAXD3 (Hon. W. Copley), to the Hon. J. V. O'Loghux, said the Cabinet had not yet considered any recommen dations from the Railway Commissioners relative to a reduction in the rate for carriage of wheat. He could not proini.se that the Government would be able to give further information before the House rose. PERSOXAL EXPLAXATIOX— LICEXSED VICTUALLERS BILL. The Hon. J. WARttEX wished to explain a matter in connection with an amendment he had moved in the Licensed Victuallers BilL He liad proposed that compensation should apply to build ings in course of erection, but upon the statement of the Commissioner and of members who were associ ated with Licensing Benches that it was unnecessary he had withdrawn it; but ha had since received a letter from persons who were building an hotel at Port Pirie, saying that when it was finished they would bo liable as the Bill stood to lose the licence at the end of the year without compensation. He was sorry he had been misled from pressing his amendment. The Hon. S. TOMKIXSOX pointed out that he had only said on the previous day he did not know of any case in the Adelaide district which rendered the amendment necessary. FREE EDUCATION. The COMMISSIOXER of CROWX LAXDS (Hon. W. Copley), to the Hon. S. TOMKIXSOX, as to whether the Government would consider the advisa bility of postponing the operation of the Free Education Act for two years, in consideration of the uncertain propect of the harvest, and consequently of the Hon. the Treasurer's Estimates of Revenue being realized, said— Xo; the Act came into force on January 1, and the Government have arranged to bring it into operation accordingly. TEEASURY BILLS— AMENDMENT BILL. Second reading. The COMMISSIOXER of CBOWN LAXDS (Hon. W. Copley) said tho Bill was to empower the Treasurer to issue Treasury bills at lower rate than £4 Us. 3d. per cent, the present authorised price. The Treasury had authority under the present Act to issue £350,-Xi0 worth more of those bills. Tho Savings Bank took up £300,000 worth of the late loan at less than 4 per cent. It was expected before authority was given for the issue of Treasury bills that they would be taken np more generally by the public. There was no reason why money niigbt not be obtained at less than the present price of JCi Us. 3d., or 3d. a day. Whsn the bills were first floated it was expected that they would pass from hand to hand, but this hope had not been realiztd. They were taken up in largeamounts and held bv the original holders until taken up by the Government last year. The Government now had £1(0,000 available to take up Treasury bills, but they could not do this except at a premium. It was not satisfactory finance to issue bonds when the value was at a premium. Trustees of money preferred inventing at a lower rate of interest where there was a smaller discount, and when the time arrivedfor the monev to be repaid a latjre amount was available. On the whole it would 'be an advantage for the Treasurer to have the proposed authority. The Tre:isurer believed that Treasury bills would be taken up at a lower rate of interest if he had the authority to deal with them. Tha first £250,000 in Treat-uiv bills was issued in June, liSS; the price obtained ranged from par to £1 _ Ss. 4tL per cent, premium; average price realized was £100 5s. 3d., or a total preuiiuin of £G5t 9s. lOd. The expenses of floating amounted to £1-2S 4s. Sd. The purchase -money paid in Adelaide came to £10C,-J75: do. in London, less S per cent, deposit in Adelaide, £1 J3 375, ui;ula up of Savings Bank £D3,375 (par) and Bank of Aus tralasia i&t.OOM; (is- Cd. per cent, premium). His successor (Mr. Holder) floated £3oO,00- of those bills in June, 1SD0, redeemable in 1897. Tne price obtained ranged from par to £1 103. per cent. premium: tho average price realized was £100 Is. 7d.; and the total amount of premium was £393 10s. The expenses of fioating came to £173 13s. 7d. The ourclia«e-money paid in Adelaide, including Savings Bank, £59,000 at par, was JESS.700; do. in London, less 5 percent, paid in Adelaide, £411,300, including Savings Bank, £141,000 par; National Bank. £220,300, £100,000 at 5s. 3d. percent. premium, £120,3tO par; and Bank of South Australia, £5O,0-U at 2s. 6d. per cent, premium. If the authority were Riven the Treasurer would be able to de.v.1 with. Treasury bills in a more satisfactory manner. Tlie lion. S. TOMKIXSOX supported. It Tras never likely that Treasury bills would pass from hand to hand. There was no reason why the Government should not be allowed to obtain money as proposed. He could not understand the Com missioner of Crown Lands when he said the Govern ment had £100,000 available for redemption of Treasury bills. If they could not get the bills at par they should let them mature. Bill read second time, taken through Committee, and reported. Standing Orders suspended; read nir*? fr»!Yl/» fmil TIAJKfkfi FENCES BaL. Received from Assembly with amendments. The COMMISSIOXER of CROWN LANDS (Hon. \V. Copley) moved that amendments num bered 1 to S be agreed to. Carried. Amendment No. 9. The Hon. V~. GOPLEY moved that this be not agreed to. The effect of the amendment would be that one man might keep the fence in repair, and hh neighbour's half bo in disrepair, and he could not be compelled to keep his fence in order. The Hon. 4. H GO11DOX would help the Commissioner. He thought it was a. ridiculous provision to insert in the BUI. The lion. J. WABREN considered the amendment an ex cellent one. If a division fence was erected eich party would have to keep Ids own portion in repair. Carried. Amendment No. 10. Ihe Hon. W. COPLEY moved that the amendment be agreed to. This would give the power to compel people to take some action in preventinj; the spread of briar or hedges. The Hon. J. J«- STIRLING instanced a ease where a hed^e might be sewn as a dividing fence by others Usan the existing owners, and who could say who ?was responsible for the spreading of the hedge '. The Hon. J. J. DUNCAN agreed to the amendment, but thought it might be extended so as to apply to Go vernment roails. It was important that Govern ment roads should be kept clear. The Hon. J. H. ANG AS thought the amendment should provide a specified limit as to the spreading of the hedge, say three feet The Hon. J. WAUREX said he was opposed to the amendment, as it was un necessary. If farmers did not keep the land ??lear thev should put up with the consequences. The Hoi J. L. bTIRLING moved to insert '?{imwiiu;'' after 'hedge' in the second line. Carried. The Hon. J. L. STIRL1N Q moved to insert after 'land' in the same line 'to extend within three feet of the boundary.' Negatived. The Hon. J. AVAHJIEN asked if the amendment would be re trospectiveand apply to fences already in existence. (Hon. W. Copley— 'Yes, I think so.') Then what was the jhse of the clause? Tlie Hon. J. H. AXGAS though t= the amendment should be struck out. Amendment No. 10 as amended agreed to on the following division: — Ayes,;. 11— Hons. Aildison, Campbell, Charleston, Cotton, {Darling, Gordon, Guthrie, Kirkpatrii-k, Simpson1, Stirling, and Copley (teller). Note?,' 10— Hons. Angas, Baker, Duncan, Haslaui,|Krichauff, Magarey, Martin, Torakinson, Ward, ajid Warren (teller). Majority of 1 for tho Ayes. The COMMISSIONER of CROWX LANDS (Hon. IV. Copley) moved for the recommittal of amendment No. 10 to strike ont the word ' grow ing.' Carried. Amendment made. Clause as amended passed. Heport adopted. Hons. R. C. Baker, J. Warren, and W. Copley were appointed to bring up reasons for disagreeing with amendments. NORTHERN TERRITORY JUSTICE BILL. Assembly notified agreement with Council's amendments. MAWNE B0AED AND NAVIGATION KILL. Received from Assembly with amendments. The Hon. B. S. GUTHIUE moved that amendments Nos. 1 and 2, which were simply verbal, be accepted. Carried. The Hon. R. S. GDTURIE moved that arueml incnt No. 3 ba accepted. That amendment was to leave out all the words of clause 2 after ' regula tions'' and insert ' and that no ocean- going vessel leaving South Australia, and having twenty-one feet depth of hold or under, shall have a less freeboard for each foot depth of hold than two and a lia'f inches for iron vessels and two and three-quarter indies for wooden vessels', and that all vessels liavicg over twenty-one feet depth of hold shall have the freeboard required by the Board of Trade of the United Kingdom and Lloyd's rules aud regu lations.' He was prepared to accept it as a compr ..»- mise. The grain trade wanted special precaution over anil above that decided by the Committee «-f the United Kingdom. Upon that Committee this trade of tlie South Pacific was not represented. The weather encountered between here and England was equal to that of the North Atlantic trade. That was burce out by one of the highest authorities of the American Navy, who stated that a more severe trade on a ship and crew was not to be found in the world tlian in'the Pacific. The Marine Board kvl opposed it, but he was n--t surprised at that consi dering irs coinpositii'T!. '. 'i ysident Sanderson had no sea experience. (!!ji. J. If. Gonlon — *'He goes out occasioiuiily in the Governor Mils grave.'') Yes, and ' when the stormy windi do blow he generally goes below.' '(Laughter.) (An nun. Member— Oh. Mr. Sanderson isa very good sailer.') Captain Smith, he understood, had nut been to sea for forty years; Mr. John Form by was a lawman; Mr. Phillip3 represented tlie Chamber of Cummerce. (Hon. J. Darling—' Afirst-closs m:in.') True, but he hail never been rouad Cape Horn. Captain McCoy had been connjeted entirely with the coast trade; Mr. Hamilton, he believed, had been a linen-draper. (Hon. J. Darling— 'Me has not been one for more thin twenty years.') But during that period he liad r.ot been to sea. The other Warden (Captain Legce) was only a few years ago in charge of ships, and made many voyages round Cape Horn. He h:id entered a protest against the Marine Board deehion. (Hon. J. Darling— 'Whom.' does he represent?'') Tlie underwriters. His only purpose was to sivve life. After introducing the Bill the Underwriters' Association liad induced him to take up ths matter, an-1 their activity had probably roused opposition. He earnestly urged them to accept the amendment rather than lose the Bill, because at present the leadline could be put on the funneL Mr. Baker had accused him of inconsistency. It was not true. As far as the cco-t and intercolonial trade was conctrned they accepted tho tables laid down by the .Special Committee of the Board of Trade, but in the grain trade they wanted special regulations. It did not affect wool ships, which went home floating light. If they put as much wl-e.it on board a ship as she could carry she would sink. The Hon. R. C. BAKER was ex tremely astonished to see Mr. Guthrie turn his Iwick upon himself. Tlie evidence he should call } against Mr. Guthrie was Mr. Outline himself. He ! entirely agreed with Mr. Outline's spaech on the { second reading, which went dead against the amend j ruent. It was important that farmers should under stand that they would have to pay for the amend ment. (Hon. R. S. Guthrie— 'Xot a penny.'] When Mr. Guthrie introduced tlie Bill he wanted to tuake the law the' same as in England, and he supported it. At the last moment, without any con sideration by the Committee, he put in an amend ment which materially altered the law, and which said that in all ships going hence to Great Britain the Atlantic winter line should be adopted. Seeing ships left here in summer and arrived home in .-?umuier, why should it be adopted'; (Hon. D. M. Charleston— ' Bat they havd to piss throusli winter storm*.') They had summer all the time. (Hun. 1*. Krichaulf— ' Cajw Horn is nut; always SBinirer.') Iho English authorities adopted scien tific tmnciplei. Mr. Gnthrie had him-self siid— 'In lJ-t3 a powerful committee was appointed in England by the then President of the Board oi Trade (the Bisht Hon. J. Chamberlain), and pre sided over by Sir E. .T. Reed (the ex-Chief Con stinctor to Her 3Iajesty's Navy). That committee considered the ca^e of every distinct type of shir alluat separately, carefully, exhaustively, ami framed a scale of freeboard for that particular type, rarying of course with the size and other dimen sions of the vessel- Each separate type was thus tlealt with, and the result was so carefully and patiently wrought out 'by thoroughly considering tvery important point' that the committee pre sented its report with the very unusual recommen dation that it was notarepurtof a mijority, bat the report of every singlR man on the committee.' Ihat was the report which he now wanted to set Jiide in favour of the abandoned imperfect basis. ;non. R. S. Guthrie— 'That report only affected ihe English trade.'} Mr. Guthrie now wanted so many inches of freeboard to so many feet of hold. [-ne ship could take more freeboard than necessary, uid another, owing ti» a different shape, would not liavo nearly so much as sho ought to have. Mr. juthrie's amendment would not ensure safety to seamen. Mr. Guthrie went on to say in moving the ?econd reading of the Bill : — 'The various scales of ireeboaid they recommended not only did perfect lustice as between one ship and another of the same Jass, but as between ships of one class and ships of mother class, so that they rose from their labours feeling that they had recommended scales of f ree aoard which allowed every ship afloat to be loaded :o her maximum carrying capacity with safety.' Why should they abandon that? (Hon. R. S. Gfnthrie— 'That is in England.') All over the Bvorid. (Hon.R.S.Guthrie— 'Xo.it is not') Didthe Committee not fix Atlantic summer and other load lines? Of course it did. It fixed the loadline for the :olonies. (Hon. R. S. Guthrie— ' With what result?') He could not understand why Mr. Guthrie wanted to supersede that scientific principle. Yet he could understand it— it was talking to the gallery. (Hon. B.S. Guthrie— 'Have you worked it out?') No; be was not a scientific man, but he relied on the Committee whom Mr. Guthrie had lauded. Mr. Guthrie liad gone on to say— 'The shipowners wera amply represented upon it, and the most notable feature was the commendable sagacity of Mr. Chamberlain in selecting shipowners to represent their class who were also shipbuilders, and whose professional knowledge as shipbuilders held in check the natural tendency of shipowners to over load, 'lhc Committee so constituted set about its work in a most business-like manner, and laboured with singular industry ana persistence at the task set before them. They first of all visited every port of any consequence in the United Kingdom to converse with shipowners, shipbuilders, captains, and seamen on the subject of overloading, after which they returned to London, and settled down to the reception of evidence and the discussion nf principles until their task was accomplished. They found that there was a great variety of s-hips, iron anil wooden ships, steam and sailing ahips.full rifged ships, and barques, brigs, and cutters, ships with plenty of sDeer, ami vessels with decks aslevel us the floor of that Chamber. It was perfectly clear that any special leadline which had relation to the depth of hold and the inches of freeboard suit able to that depth of hold would be of little use.' Mr. Guthrie owed an apology to the Committee for trying to persuade them by argument to do a thing which he now asked them to do the exactly opposite of. He asked that tho double amendment should be put separately. He approved of omitting the proviso and not 'of inserting the substitute. Mr. Guthrie might say that was a special trade, but that bad nothing to do with it unless that trade had a special class of vessels. 'J he interests of Insn rancc Companies in Great Britain had been fully considered in the report of the Special Committee, The Hon. It. S. G UTHRIE said that at the present whe-se labours Mr. G uthrie had so highly appreciated, time there was no law existing iu the colony on the question, and a ship could go to sea as deep as the charterer liked to load her. (Hon. J. Darling — ' 1'ou know better than that.') Had there been a gentleman acquainted with the Cnpe Horn trade on the Committee which sat in England there wonld have been a special loadlinc for that trade as well a3 fur the Atlantic. The sailing directions to Cape Horn stated that the l-ai.-:i£;e had to be made in tempestuous gales, and wheat t-hips loaded in South Australia arrived off the Horn in the very worst time. The ship Men nock, of 7S7 tons, had a summer freeboard of 3 ft. 5 in. and winter 3 ft. 0 in. Under the «cale pro posed in the Bill the freeboard would bo 4 ft. (lion. It. C. Baker— 'This was the law before. '') No. (Ron. R. C. Baker — ' Yes, it was the practice of the Insurance Companies fifteen years azo.') He was righting for men not belonging to the colony at all. Under the Bill ships over 1,000 tons would not be interfered with. The passage from England to Australia was not so bad as the return voyage, and yet .such vessels as the Ifighmoor, Scottish Wizard, Childers, and Eden Holme hid suffered con siderable damage. The Bill would not in terfere with the fanners. Tho underwriters had been working under the scale until within the last few months, and had wheat merchants since that timo increased tho price to producers? (Hon J. Darling—' Yes.') During the last few months the Chamber of Commerce liad reduced the scale, bub the producers had not benefited. If members referred to last Monday's Register they would see that nine members of Lloyd's had recently resigned because of loss sustained. He preferred the Bill as it left the Council, but sooner than lose the Bill he would accept the amendments, and if not successful in carrying'the Bill this session he would be pre pared to introduce a Bill next session on the lines nf tli*» 'Wfhprlfinili law wliprw sliiMOWTiftr?! ll.oil tn take upon themselves one-third of the insurance, (lion. B, C. Baker— 'And a very good thing too.') The Hon. A. A. KIRKPATRICK said there was no member as well able to deal with the question as Mr. Gu:hrie. It was no use raising the cry that the Bill wonld alfect the fatnier.s it would do nothing of the sort. The Hon. J. DARLING said when the Bill was in troduced the Marine Board, Chamber of Commerce, and merchants liad expressed rpproval of it Mr. Guthrie had sprung a surprise upon the Council, and made ait important alteration. Hence the opposition from the Chamber of Commerce, Marine licard. and commercial men not connected with underwriters. The amendment was a refuge from the stoniL The strong supporters of the amend ment in the Assembly had acted at the instigation of interested persons who would rather see a, ship sail three parts loaded than loaded down to a fair, jnst, and safe risk. The shippers would not have to pay more rates or insurance. (Hon. R. S. Guthrie — ''They would get more commission. That is the whole thing.'*) There was no wheat shipper who earned a commission. (Hon. 11. S. Guthrie — ' The charterers.') The wheat merchants were charterers. (Hon. R. S. Guthrie — '.Some- times ') In every instance. (Hon. B. S. Guthrie— 'Through brokers.') Mr. Guthrie altered his position. Who was most interested in the question'.' 'Jhe owner of the cargo? (Hon. R. S. Guthrie— ' Or the Insurance Company.') They had no risk. The Insurance Company insured against tho total loss, or now and again agaiu.st general average. (Hon. R. S. Guthrie— 'Always general average.') In general average there mu.-t. be certain damage before the owner received anything: Every bag of wheat which otherwise arrived damaged was thrown upon the seller. 'Xbe sii'or had redress if he fouwl'ihe vessel was unduly loaded, (lion. It. S. Guilirie— 'And cannot obtain a survey.') Yes. (lion. 1£. S. Guthrie— 'N.;t without paying for it.') Somebctly must pay font. (lion. A. A. Kirkpatrick — '? The seaman is so'poor that he cannot pay for it.') The underwriters, iu the case of stowing a vessel at Port Wallaioo notified that the vessel mast not If ad t,irtl;er, but afterwards found that they had made a mistake. 'Their interference, however, caused a day's demurrage equal to £S-. Who ought to pay that? The underwriters who im properly interfered with, or tho owner who was completing his contract; (Hon. It. S. Guthrie— ' Make a law on the subject and there will be no dispute.*') Was it fair to swing into the face of a gentleman that he had been born in the linen trade? (Hon. R. S. Guthris— ' Yes ; to show that be bad no authority as a sailor.') He liad been a shipowner since. (Hon. R. S. Guthrie — 'lie has net been to sea.') Could it be said that he did nut kr.a'w anything of stowing cargo because he liad not be«i engaged in the work? (Hon. R. S. Guthrie— ' Yon know nothing of standing at the puurps in the middle of the night.') Had Mr. Outline been shipwrecked? (Hon. R. S. Guthrie— 'Three times in twelve months.') So had he. (Laughter. Hon. R. S. Guthrie—' You had a ship under you all the time.') They had water under and water over them, too, sometimes. (Laughter.) To return to the question of who was laoit interested— the underwriters or owners of cargoes? (Hon. R. S. Guthrie— 'Sailors'') The amendment would be a gross injustice to producers and shipowners ot South Australia. Mr. Guthrie bad referred to the Mennock, which had loaded three or four times with wheat at Port Adelaide, and had never sustained any damage. The King of Sweden had loaded five or six times and he had loaded her with wheat more than once, and he believed she had gone round Cape Horn. So acci dent had arisen tu her. (Hon. R. S. Guthrie — 'I have only used those ships to show a difference.*') The hut case Mr. Guthrio mentioned was the Uigh moor. He believed he had loaded her and she went round the Horn. She carried her cargo in safety, \- Uon. R. S. Guthrie— ' I said the voyage home was wi.rse than that coming out.') Would Mr. Guthrie n:«me a single vessel for the list twenty years that had lost a man through deep-loading round the Horn? (Hon. K. S. Guthrie—' How many have been missing at Lloyd's i') Only one that he knew of from South Australia, and there was reison to believe that the vessel was, it was belia\ed, lost just outside Sjiencer's Gulf, the captain was a drunkard. The bulk of tho wheat vessels lost between here and Eng land had been lost within fifty miles of sailing point. I nt hat connection he named the Lady ICinnaicd from Port Pirie and the Sfar of Greece from Port Adelaide, but in neither case was it owing to deep loading. It was a risk cf the sea. The mercliants of South Australia were as cartful of the lives of their laen :is aiiy other merchants in the world. Xo nn.n coulii put his finger upon a single wheat cargo that ever left South Australia and went round the dangerous voyage of tha Horn that had lost a man through the vessel being overloaded. The under writers wanted extra dividends and less risks, (lien. J. V. O'i.oghliu— ' You admit the Bill would reduce risks.'') He did not. With regard to the effect of the amendment on similar vessels, it would not encGiiroge our local mercantile fleet It would, be a tax of is. Uil. per ton on farmers for the sake of a few underwriters. The Hon. D. M. CUARLES TON earnestly hoped that the members would agree to t lie amendment. There uiust Iiave been a special reason ia the nature of the voyage for marking the Atlantic tru.de. That line had baen struck ous by the other House, and the present amendment in troduced as a compromise. The fact that under writers stepped in showed there were greater risks iu the trade. If property was endangered the life of the seamen must be proportionately mke-L The underwriters not having been able to defend them selves against the Chamber of Commerce liad en deavoured in this Bill to protect their own interests. Xo underwriter wonld be anxious to send a ship to sea but what she was capable of carrying in perfect safety. When loaded down to a proper basis she was in thorough seagoing trim. As an engineer he preferred a ship loaded down to the proper load line. Mr. Darling admitted that tlie voyage round the Horn was dangerous. If it were early in the session he would insist on the original amend ment, but in the present- state of the ses sion he urged them to accept the compromise. The Hon. R, S. GUTHRIE said if they did not carry the Bill it would mean a reduction on the free board as he had shown in the case of the Mennock. If they adopted the British regulations they would be in a worse position in South Australia. He was only seeking to revert to what was the practice in the colony three months ago. When the Employers' liability Bill was before Parliament Mr. Darling prophesied it would have an injurious effect on the shipping interests and be serious to the producers. But that Act had reduced accidents 75 per cent., and not a single case had been brought into Court. (Hear, hear.) The Hon. B, C. BAKER said the amendment applied to all ocein-going vessels. It fixed the freeboard in an arbitrary manner. Mr. Gutlirie liad said — 'It was perfectly clear that anv special loadline which had relation to the depth of hold and the inches of freeboard suitable to that depth of hold would be of little use.') It was absurd for Mr. Gnthrie to change front so completely. He had as much regard for the preservation of lives aa anybody, but he and Mr. Guthrie approached it in a different way. now could he trust Mr. Guthrie in the future when after introducing a Bill to which they all agreed he at the last moment got an auiendtaent inserted which altered the whole thing': The Hon. J. DARLING said his prophecy on the Employers' Liability Bill. had been realised. (Hear, hear.)* Not- a single ship he believed had been added to the South Australian fleet What he con tended at the time was that if such special laws were enforced South Australia wonld be at a dis advantage to other places. The Hon. D. M. CHARLESTON thought if ships were not deeply ladened quick and safe voyages would be made, and freights would be reduced. The motion that all the wo-ds of clause 2 after ' regulations' in line 5 be left out was carried. On the motion to insert the substituted proviso, the Hon. R. C. BAKER said the Bill with such a. clause as that would fix .in arbitrary rule, and be of great injury to the pro ducers. The Hen. R. S. GUTHBIE contended there was no arbitrary rule laid down. It was left to the discretion of officers of the Marine Board and or Lloyd'ssurveyorto reduce the loadline if necessary. Amendment agreed to on following division: — Ayes, 11— Hons. Addisnn, Campbell, Charleston, Cotton, Gordon. Haslam, Kirkpitrick, Krichauff, Martin, O'Loghlin, and Gutbrie (teller). Noes, 7— lions. Copley, Darling, Duncan, Simp son, Stirling, Warren, and Baker (teller). Majority of 4 for the Ayes. Pairs.— Aye— Hon. Dr. Magarey. No— Hon. J. Bosworth. The Hon. R. S. GFTHRIE moved that amend ments Nos. 4 and 5 be agreed to. Carried. Report adopted. CONCILIATION BILL. Adjourned debate on second reading. The Hon. E. WARD said the question of con ciliation was a very serious one, and especially appropriate at that season of the year when they were taught to show peace and goodwill to all men. He believed in having freedom between men and men, and not for men to be tyrannized over. (Hear, hear.) It was a mockery to call the Bill a Concilia tion Bill, and he denounced it as a Coercion BilL It was coercion of the very worst kind. It was a Bill to prevent a man working, doing an honest day'a work for an honest 'day's pay. (Hon. R. S. Guthrie— ' Hear, hear.') He hoped to educate Mr. Guthrie as time went on. (Laughter. Hon. li. S. Guthrie — 'I hope I won't follow in your footsteps.' Laughter.) Ho had recently stood on platforms and had ques tions put to him by rccosnised bodies of opponents. He was in the Council to represent the people. Ebenezer Ward was nobody. (Oh, and laughter.) Ebeuezer might dio to-morrow and be forgotten, but not so the people whom Ebenezer represented. (Cheers, and laughter.) What were they on the brink of? (Laughter.) Of the administration of force, which would place their property and pos sible lives at the disposal of a tribunal created by the BilL They had a perfect right to consider who introduced the BilL (Hon. 1£. S. Guthrie — 'Measures, not men.') Now, if he introduced a Bill f«-r opening nublic-house3 on Sunday — (laughter)— Mr. Guthrie would say, 'Oh, that's only Ward'— (laughter)— and he wonld go against it. (Hon. R. S. Guthrie — ' Oh, no; I would con sider it on its merits.') Who introduced the Bill? Charles Cameron Kingston. Some people thought the Ministry was at his mercy, »*'-l othe: ^ that he was at the mercy of the Ministry. (Laughter.) lie had read a report of what this Charles Cameron Kingston said when introducing the Bill, and one could really imagine him as one of the most con ciliatory men God ever created — (laughter) — that he was a man whose sole object in life was to bring men together that they might weep upon one another's necks. (Laughter.) Now Charles Cameron lived a double life. (Oh, and laughter.) As far as Mr. Kingston was concerned he conld speak to him as 'Charlie,' and Charlie could refer to him as 'Ebenezer.' (Loud laughter.) If there was one thing he professed to have reverence for it was to the decrees of the Creator. Never; well, hardly ever— (laughter)— had he broken that ploiious institution, 'the Sabbath Day,' the wisest and most divine institution ever established. (Hear, hear.') He never desecrated it so far as to dress himself and go to Church. (Laughter.) He held in his Iiand3 the report of the speech made by Charles Cameron King ston when he desecrate'l the Sabbath Day and went to the Democratic Club to inflame the minds of his democratic friends. (Hon. 11. S. Guthrie — 'It was a sermon.' Laughter.) Oh! Charles Cameron Kingston didn't always preach sermons. Mr. Kingston revealed himself in his true character when he got amongst his democratic friends. (Hear, hear, aud laughter.) On that occa sion Mr. Kingston said he wished to be classed as a State Socialist. What was that? (Laughter.) Napoleon had said ' The Empire is peace.' Perhap3 Mr. Kingston thought 'socialism is peace.' Oue principle of the BUI was that the Government of the day appointed a President at £1,500 a year more than Mr. Copley got for all the disappoint ments he met with in the Chamber. (Laughter.) lie challenged Mr. Kingston to deny that his sole object in bringing in the Bill was to disorganize society and to give to certain people, whom he was using for his own purpose, all (he power. The Board of Conciliation was to consist of six persons appointed by either side and a President appointed by the Government, who would have arbitrary power. Whether Mr. Kingston became Premier of South Australia, and he prayed God Mr. Kingston would never be that ? (Laughter.) He had told that to Mr. Kingston's face. (Hear, hear.) He was going to read an extract of some remarks made by Mr. Kingston— something that had naver been said before— (Hon. J. H. Gordon— 'Refresh- ing to have something absolutely new. Hear, hear)— Mr. Kingston— (laughter)— the apostle of conciliation, the man who broke the sacred Sab bath to go to the Democratic Club to inflame the feelings of his fellow-men. (Hea.% hear, and laughter) 'The duties of the Board were even more important than those of the Judges.' That was what Charles Cameron Kingston thou«ht. It was absurd — ridiculous The Hon. J. II. GORDON— On a point of order, Sir, is the hon. member, who is a great authority on the Standing Orders, in order? Ho is not speaking from his place in the House. (Laughter.) The Hon. E. WARD admitted that he had advanced a few steps. (Laughter.) However, his deal old; friend, Charlts Haddon Spurgeon — (laughter)— never preached from his pulpit, but inarched up and down. (Lau»hter.) lie would not be put off the thread of his argument. (Laughter.) He would still maintain his balance of mental power. (Laughter.) Mr. Kingston ' hoped to see the time when a man would mot work for z. ' blackleg' master and a master would not employ blackleg men.' (Hon. A. R. Addisou— ' Not much conciliation abont that.' Hear, bear.) Mr. King ston had stuck him up the other night and asked for support to the Bill (Hon It. C. Baker— 'He'3 been touting everybody.') He had replied, ' King ston, old man, I won't support the BilL' (Hear, hear, and laughter.) He hoped members wouid not allow themselves to be imposed upon. (Hear, hear.) He would vote against the second reading. (Hear, hear.) The Hon. G. W. COTTON said he was glad that Mr. Kirkpatrick had preceded him, because ha showed by his speech that his labour friends did not intend inetkly to submit to the insolent clauses pro posed by Mr. Baker. The Bill would have served a purpose if only because it had elicited this expres sion of the irreconcilable character of employers in their relation to labour. Employers liad for gene rations availed themselves of the helplessness of a motluy throng of urjeuiployed knocking for work that they might depress wages till, by the aid of the sweater, the slavery of labour was complete. Still, there was a further depth of degradation. Tie class enriched by tho labour of the miserable class had bought over the parson class to their side, and had sent them as emissaries to preach submission to ' that state of life wherein it had pleased God to place them'— the poor, and these gospellers had forged a text wherein 'cliatity' was .foisted instead of the real word, which was ' love.' Surely, if there was a devil when this feat was accomplished ?00 years ago there must have been great glee in the caverns of hell. Tliat joy was that day re-echoed in' Mr. Baker's ue»v clauses to this BilL This Bill was a well-meant effort to re concile irreconcilables by glozing over the fact that the employer class would not come down from their pedestal till forced to do so. Think when— like Mr. Ward and his open front doo-— the labour repre sentatives brought forward a motion in the Queens land Legislature for an investigation into the facts as to the action or the employer class and the em ploye class in the recent disturbance in that colony — out of allotiio of forty-four members only three were in favour of the truth being known. Would an enfranchised people submit to such tyranny as that for ever? Fortunately the penalties against the motley crowd who must subsist by labour organ izing for their own protection were repealed in tha Biltish Parliament in lSi-, wuen ruin was pro phesied to the manufacturing and commercial interests of Great Britain — sixty-six yeara teatify to the fallacy of tlie foreboding. The first step to fair play for labour must be a Department of Labour — no beating about the bush. No hermaphrodite measure like this Bill would ever do justice to labour. Why they had six Ministers at present, 'every man jack' of whose interests had been and were on the side of the employer class, and now it was proposed to have a seventh department, half labour, and the other half ready to add power to the alreaCy existing six— in other words, a Ministry six and a half from the employer class and the other half well given to the dogs who had to snatch the crumbs. For heaven's sake let labour have one good man and true to speak for it ia the inner recesses of the councils of the country, else labour would continue to be treated like it was on a recent occasion. There sat a bench of Directors as grim as the judges of Hades, with their pre determined sentence all ready prepared for de linquent labour, sublime in its inexorability. Mr. Baker, then piesent, now came down with his pro posed clauses io further enforce their diabolical decrees. No doubt this Bill formulated by Mr. Kingston was considered in another place by men of whom it might be said that as yet they foiecast objects in the near future as indistinctly ' as trees walking.' His friends ot the Labour party, desirous as they always had been of acting fairly, wished to close tlie barbarous strife oi lockouts and strikes, but had they not overlooked the fact that no half - measures would accomplish what was wanted? They bad had a miserable attempt to fyist a so-called Conciliation Hall upon them instead of a site for a hall of their own, and now instead of the Department of Labour required they had this, neither one thing nor the other, with the good name of ' industry'' for a kind of s-ham cover-all, like the word 'charity,' a sham expression for the brotherly love that was owed to every other brother, especially to him who happened to be of lower degree. He would not go into the details of the Bill. Those might be considered in Committee, if the audacity of Mr. IJiker and the capitalistic patty condescended to permit the second reading. He would say, however, let the words employer and employe openly speak for them selves throughout the BilL The mislead ing expression 'freedom of contract' — a good instance of tlie working of which had been referred to by Mr. Kirkpatrick last night— liad been left out of this BilL The provision for the President to have a salary o' £1,500 showed to what class that officer was expected to belong. Sup pose a man like Mr. Thomas Burt, M P., could be found £500 would be ample. A good man should not be spoiled by over-much pay. Mr. Baker con templated such a contingency by bis proposed new clause, No. 5. If his friends of the Labour party considered it worth while to accept the Bill as an instalment of right to them he should vote for the second Teading. The Hon. A. M. SIMPSON thought the Bill was a good one for the purpose of wasting money. The conciliation it urged was that at the end of a big stick. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) The Bill if put into operation would be useless. Was it at all likely the Government as employers would not register under the- Act, and he doubted if the Trades and Labour Council would register? The Bill was a sort of consolation stakes, where men would be paid for doing nothing. It was absurd to provide, for instance, that the seventy-four mem bers of the Trades and Labour Council could be sent to prison. He had not decided as to how he would vote on the second readiDg. The Hon. J. H. ANGAS regretted the unsatis factory position the Council was placed in with regard to the Bill. Parliament was expected to prorogue on Saturday, and it was impossible fo,.* them to fairly consider it within the time at their disposal. It had only come before them at the last moment, when other measures which had been before them for days required consideration. In its present form the Dill was undesirable and unworkable, introducing a very expensive Govern ment institution, which would not perform th satisfactory settlement which it was proposed it should achieve. It was not likely that disputes could be settled under such a system. If they appointed a President at a salary of £1,500 per yew and seven members at £200 it practically meant, if the period was for five years, permanent appoint ments. Secretaries, clerks, shorthand writers, and a variety of agents and servants would be employed, which would mean an expenditure of more than £5,000 a year. The Bill would create strikes. (Hear, hear.) They did not want a Conciliation Hall aud its attendant expenses to come out of the general revenue. Those who made and engaged in strikes should be mad« to pay for them, and there were plenty of opportunities fur considering the settlement of disputed other than by the appoint ment of a most expensive branch of the Government service. There were many chambers which could be utilized for the settlement of disputes. A year or two ago a measure to provide the Trades and Labour Council with a site for a hall came before them. The difficulty was overcome by several per sons contributing £700 or £S0O towards the halL (Hon. J. V. O'Logulrn — 'That did not get over the difficulty.') It showed that they did not want the ball, as they took no action in the matter of building. (Hon. D. M. Charleston — 'There is not enoush money.') It was quite sufficient to build a Tradus and Labour Hall. (Hon. D. M. Charleston— ' It would take £1,000 to buy the land.') There was no necessitj to buy the land. As he had said, there were many places where the matter of disputes could be discussed. (Hon. IS. C. Baker— 'Mr. P. B. Coglin offered a site, which was not accepted.') Yes. It showed how difficult the Labour party were to please. The Bill would contribute to the number of disputes than otherwise. Part YIL referred to compulsory conciliation. That was a singular title, and it was an extraordinary mode of dealing with matters. Clause 51 said— 'If any industrial dispute shall hereafter arise between any organizations it shall be lawful for the President to enquire into the nature and extent of such dispute in such manner as he shall think nt for the purpose of ascertaining whether or not it shall be settled by com pulsory conciliation.' Ttie term was an extraor dinary one to use. The President's occupation depended upon the carrying out of this measure. It would be a splendid billet to the one appointed, but the position would be a sinecure uules3 Part YIL was out in force by the man who was to get £1.500 a year, aud there was no doubt he would put the clause into operation. Clause 52 gave the President power to certi'y that the dispute was one which should be settled by means of compulsory conciliation, and clause 53 liad reference to local Boards. If there were local Boards appointed as well as a State Board, what would they cost? It Avas evident they could not be established unless the members of them were paid. (Hon. V. Krichauff— 'Mr. Gordon says no.') Men would not take such an important position unless they were paid for it. (Hon. J. L. Stirling— 'They would render themselves very liable to be much disliked.') They would require a salary commensurate with the contumely. Voluntary conciliation was one thing aud compul sory conciliation another. Tlie Courts were the proper tribunals lor the settlement of disputes. The Bill would be under political patronage, and the Ministry of the day would be able to put on the Board whom they liked to receive large salaries for doing nothing. It was an unwise and undesirable measure to support, and he would oppose it. The Commissioner of Crown Lands, he booed, did not approve of the measure. (Hon. J. 11. Gordon— ' Don't be hard on the Commissioner.' Laughter.) Be did not blame the Commissioner if he had to support the Bill, because as the Government repre sentative he must act as the majority of the Ministry determined. Clause 59, which had reference to tha limitation of liability under award, was another extraordinary clause. Why such amounts should be specified he was at a losa to know. Ihe Bill would be a very fine thing for the lawyers, as it would be a most prolific source of emolument. (Hon. J. H. Gordon—' I thought you said there would be nothing to do under the BilL') The Pre sidtut undoubtedly under the compulsory concilia tion clause would find something to do. There would be very little to do if the action was volun tary, but if compulsory a good deal of business would be brought forward, because the President could not be expected to hold his position at a salary of £1,500 for nothing. If the Bill -was re quired let it be a tentative measure. He hoped members wonld postpone its consideration till next session. The Hon. J. V. OXOGHLIN said in dealing with a question like that, where there was very little precedent in the British Empire, they were at con siderable disadvantage; but he believed that with the great draftsmanship spent upon the Bill a great many objections would disapnear on trial of it. Mr. Angas had not offered a single argument to show that the Bill would create strikes, and that hon. gentleman's argument as to Part VII. was beside the question. It would not apply to any body which did not voluntarily register under the BilL With regard to the provisions for a Concilia tion Hall, they had had two debates on the prin ciple when the Trades Hall Bill had been before the Council. Considering the difference of opinion between the two sides, he had had the idea tliat a /wtt*mmm?cn tnifrtif-. }ia firrivofl n f. tfl limviffo ft. lm.ll fn -e common to botlu The Shipowners Association naving impressed the same view upon him, he com municated with Mr. Charleston as the then Presi ient of the Trades and Labour Council, the result being a meeting of representatives of several trade Societies iu the smoking-room. He put it to those present that, seeing there was then very little opportunity of the Trades Hall Bill passing, and considering that there was a likelihood of a measure passing for a Conciliation Hall, would they consent to that as a compromise? The proposition was new, and they were not prepared to accept it. He believed that at the present time it was not re garded with very creat favour by the Trades and Labonr Council. He was glad to see the idea embodied in the Bill, and hoped it would be accepted. It had been suggested, partly jocularly, that in case the Council shifted to the old Assembly Chamber the present hall should be left \nth suite of offices for the purpose of a Conciliation H;U1. There wa3 something worth considering in Unit suggestion. Seeing that the Bill might not at first be accepted by either party, it was rather prema ture to create a separate and expensive office. He presumed the appointment of President would fall upon a legal man, and by a rearrangement of daties the office might for a time at least be attached to a gentleman in tho Government service. The President being an impartial person, his decision would carry with it public opinion. Considering what the public suffered by disputes, it was time they provided machiuery for settlement. He did net suppose the most sanguine expected the Bill would do all that was desired; but they hid to make a beginning somewhere. He should support the second, reading, although many amendments should be afterwards made in the BUL 'ihe Council suspended its sitting at half-past C for an hour. The Hon. Dr. CAMPBF.LL regretted that circum stances prevented them from considering and dis cussing at length with the important; measure. It was an experimental piece of legislation, aud they should be therefore careful about creat ing new offices under it with large salaries. Considering his position in the city, and as a large tmplover, Mr. Simpson's observations were alto gether loo short. He supported the Bill for two reasons. They all knew the disastrous character of stiikes to the individual and the Slate. The waae-earners were organized on the largest scile, almost commensurate with the size of the Scateitsslf —an imperium in impirio. They therefore ought to seriously consider the absolute necessity whereby insurrections of labour could find a means of se:tle ment. Although South Australia, offered little or no precedent in the matter, ho drew -.utentiou to the results of experiments in England by BoaiuS for the settlement of disputes. Their very existence led to the settlement of a large number of disputes. (.Hon. R. C. Baker— ' Entirely contrary to facts.') Fromja work written by Mr. Price on ' Industrial Peace' he found testimony to the intrinsic value of Boards of Conci'iation. He quoted as follows:— ' The partial stoppage of works,' urges Mr. Trow, the advocate for the men iu 1S77, 'on on© or two occasions, owing to misunderataiding, has in the North of England been within the narrowest pos sible limits . . . and tli3 career of our Board has been one of almost uninterrupted triumph and euccess.' And Beren years later, after the Board had had to pass through troublous waves, we find him asserting before Mr. Watson in November, ISM, that 'during the fifteen years preceding'' the previous 'December the Board had been the moat successful institution in settling wages locally or generally of any Institution that wis ever estab lished in connection with the trade of this or any other country.' ' I challenge,' he eloquently adds, 'the employers or any historian to point to a parallel in the history of the trade of the whole universe where so many disputes have been settled amicably, where such a strong con fidence has been establbhed between emplorers and employed, or where such a spirit of conciliation has been displayed between employers and workmen as has been displayed in this district durins the fifteen years of this Board's existence.' Nor is this in any sense the language of empty exaggeration, for on October 4, 1SS1, Mr. Dale was publicly presented with his portrait at Darlington as a testimony to his services in connection with arbitration, and at the gathering of representatives of capital and labour which took place on that occasion abundant testimony was borne to the 'undeniable success of arbitration in connection with the Xorth of England iron trade,' and the loyalty evinced both by employers and employed to the prin ciple met with ample recognition. The evidence of the Chairman bore similar testimony. Mr. 'Watson in April, 1SS4, uses very significant language to a similar effect. ' I caa only say,' he remarks, 'that to me sitting here and heariiig the arguments which have been adduced, and remem bering what it all means, and the personal impor tance cf the issues to those who have been debating the questions, I must say I have felt more im pressed than ever with the vast advantage and im portance of a Board of Arbitration and Conciliation like this. It has been my fate in life to atteni many hot discussions where the matters in dtsbate have not been of that immediate advantage to persons discussing them; but the fact that'it Li possible to discuss such questions with so much calniness and fairness is very gratifying indeed.' A simple and elementary Board of Conciliation was capable, even under circumstances which presup posed almost insuperable difficulties, of serving valuable purposes. The parts to which most atten tion had been paid were those in the Bill which went ajraiast the genius of Englishmen. They indi cated ihat ihe measure had been drauu by a legal mind which had taken its inspiration from French precedents. He referred to the State Boards with accompanying machinery. Another objectionable part was the pains and penalties attached to the awards, but those who incurred them would do so after iiaviug voluntaiily come under the Bill. There were other ]iarts in the Bill which the draftsman ought to have elaborated — for instance, clause 37, which treated of private Boards of Conciliation. In Committee that effect would be remedied. Another valuable part of the Bill was where the Stats took notice of a strike. It was hardly necessary to justify tliat. Although no action could be taken the fact that a strike could be investigated and reported upon by a State officer would not be without its restraining influence upon those who proposed to declare a strike. Even with those two parts of the Bill it was worth supporting. The Hon. J. WARREN' moved the adjournment of the debate to December IS, but the motion not being seconded lapsed. He said he liad heard no argument to show that the Bill was required. The Bill would saddle the country with a great expendi ture and be of no value. Mr. Gordon had spoken of similar Boards in France, bnt in a recent large strike in Paris the Board was not referred to, and only one arbitrator was appointed. In t he strike in France among the coal miners the Conciliation Board.' were not brought into operation, but the military had to be called out. Mr. Kirkpatrick had referred to the case of Pile Brothers and shearers, and argued that the PastoralisU' Union would have been appealed to by the Bill. But Pile Brothers did not belong to the'Pastoralists' Union. Pile Brothers did have the number of sheep speci fied. (Hon. A. A. Kirkpatrick—' Will you give £50 to the Hospital if I prove you are wrong?**) They didn't have all the sheep at one ahed. The Board of Conciliation would be one-sided, and the decision would be more likely to press heavily upon employers than employes. It would ba neces sary to compel the Unions to deposit a certain sum of money so as to Day for the awards of the Board of Conciliation.' (An Hon. Member— 'If necessary members could be imprisoned.') Look at what the expense of a strike would ba if they had to imprison say a thousand strikers. (Laughter.) The Unionists said they only wanted what was fair. (Hear, hear.) The Bill would only be another nail in the cotBn of employers and industries, which were now suffer ing from the interference of certain men who would not let tlie workmen alone. With the Central Eoard getting such high payments the local Boards would not be satisfied to do the work without pay ment. He was not against arbitration when founded on a sound basis. (Hon. D. M. Charles ton — 'Help us to improve this.') There was no time left to knock the Bill into shape. Various amendments had already been suggested, and it was ridiculous to suppose that there was time to go into the matterand treat it properly. (Hear, hear.) He would oppose the second reading. The Hon. J. J. DUNCA*rS said that on a previous occasion he had remarked he would like to assist a measure that had such a good object in view. (Hear, hear.) They ought to recognise the Bill as having the good idea of settling disputes. (Hear, hear.) Earlier in the session they could have given it the attention demanded. He recognised the in troducer of the measure as a peacemaker, and could only regret the delay. Those interested in such a Bill ought to have brought it forward early in the session, when he would have been prepared to sup port it. Ho believed the second reading would be carried that night (Hon. E. AVard— 'I nope not.') It was not much nse, for they had not the time to carry it through all its stages. (Hon. J. H. Gordon — ' Plenty of time.') He did not think so. (Hear, hear.) It was absurd that members should be asked to take a leap in the dark, and agree to such an iinojrtant measure without due deliberation. The changes rjroposed were so serious as to warrant them iu being very careful before accepting them. The country did not require tlie elaborate provisions of the Bill, and it was just a question whether some existing Govern ment department could not be utilized for the duties. (Hear, hear.) The Coneiliatnn Board would be an expensive body, and what the mem bers of it were going to do would puzzle a Phila delphia lawyer. (Hear, hear.) Why were the beneficial results of the Bill confined to Corpora tions and municipalities? (Uon. J. II. Gordon — 'Because organizations occupy central positions.') Were the mining centres nut important? (Hear, hear.) Well, the Burra and other districts were once outeidc the limits. (Hon. J. H. Gordon— 'The provisions could ba easily extended at anytime.' Henr, hear.) He would like tu kn.jw how Com panies were going to vole? (Uon. J. H. Gordon— ''That would be settled by reculatious.') Unleins Companies had greater representation the whole thing would be onesided, and it would be folly for a Company to register. Then taking clause 40. Why ?were the Employers' Union selected instead of Ihe Federated Employers' Uniou of Australia'; (Uon. J. H. Gordoii — '' If it is a mistake we are quite willing to listen to suggestions.' Hear, hear.) He objected to the compulsory portions of the Bill. It should be tried on the voluntary system before such an inquisitorial body was appointed. Thea certain awards were to be made. How were awards to be enforced sav fori*S-- when a man was not worth that? (Uear, hear. Hon. J. II. Gordon— 'The position is the tame as obtains in the Law Courts.') Yes, with individuals, (lion. K. C. Baker— 'How cau you unforce an award against a thousand men? You* know it's all humbug.') lie did not feel it would be his duty at that Ute period to vote for the second reading. It could not be carried through, and it would be better for it come up fresh next session. Second reading carried on thefollowingdivision: — Ayes, 10— Hons. Campbell, Charleston, Copley, Cotton, Gnthrie, Haslaui, Kirkpatrick, Krichauff, ilagarey, and Gordon (teller). 'Noils, 0— lions. Angas, Duncan, Simpson, Ward, Warren, and Baker (teller). Majority of 1 for the Ave.*. PAiits.— Ayes— Hons. Martin and O'Loghlin. Noes — Hons. Stirling and Boswortlu On the motion that the President leave the chair and the Council go into Committee the Hon. R. C. BAKER moved an amendment that the Council resolve itself into a Committee of the whole to con sider the Bill that day sis months. (Hon. J. H. Gordon— 'You said you were not going to speak.') He had a perfect risht now, and was going to tight against the Bill if he sat there for a week. If underhand methods had not been adopted the second reading would not have been carried by such a majority. (Hon.E. Ward— ' Charley Kingston's touting.**) Yes, touting had been carried on to an unprecedented degree, and had worked on members by impressing them that it was a Conciliation BilL He believed in conciliation, and that was why he onposed the Bill, which liad nothing to do with con ciliation. (Hear, hear.) At that late period of the session he could not properly consider all the arguments and master all the issues of the Bill. He agreed that the relations between employersand employes vrere not of the beat, and if be tnought the Bill was going to improve those relations he would siinnorl, it. He would endeavour to show that Mr. Gordon s speech was tounueu on fallacies, (lion. E. Ward— 'Hear, hear.') If the Bill had been in print for two months, why had it not been introduced before? There was only the one answer— that it was purposely kept back so that it could be rushed through with out a proper discussion. The Bill was drawn up in such a crafty form that members did not care to wade through the clauses and discuss it. The Bill was child isU ami idiotic. He would refer members to a report of a lioyal Commisaiou in Sydney dated May ti, 1S9I, of which half the members were labour agitators, 'ihe conclusions they came to were, as shown in the concluding paragraph, to the effect that all the clauses had been voted on sepa rately ami agreed to unanimously. That Commis sion did what tbe Bill failed to do— drew a distiac tion between conciliation aud arbitration. He was stronglv in favour of trying the experi ment f-f conciliation, ljut not compulsion. The Bill confounded these l-vo things. Conciliation meant tlie bringing of opposing bodies together, and a common agreement arrived at without auy opinion being given as to the merits of the case. Mr. Gordon had said the BUI wxs no new thing. The report of the Commission showed that the attempts at conciliation iu England were a failure, and that arbitration had been outside the law, as the law passed did not meet the cases. Tlie report of the Commission showed that so far as Mr. Gordon's argument relative to the law in England was concerned it had no weight in it. The laws in England were absolutely inoperative. Then as regards 1- ranee, the report showed that the Courts of Arbitration and Concilia tion were separate, and that the Court of Con ciliation luui no power to enforce its awards. It was shown that the Court of Coneilutioii was the more successful of the two. That was what he wanted, but objected to con ciliation and arbitration being confused. Mr. Gordon had said tint tho central idea of the Bill was that it was voluntary. (Hear, hear ) lie did tot think the Bill was voluntary. 1C Mr. Haslaiu aud the boy who swept out his store at Jamestown had a dispute tint would be a trade dispute. If the boy demanded 2s. more a week — (Hun. W. Ilaslain— 'lie vroald probably get it.' Laughter)— and he did not get it, under the Bill Mr. Uaslain could be dragged before the tribuniL Thut was compulsion, not conciliation. It was absurd to ask that a Court shonld be able to «ive an award, and then have no power to enforce the decision. The Beard proposed would, at least, cost £10,C00 a year. Were they going to incur this when they had good reason to believe it would not betii discussion? Had they not saan that several oi the Unions were uiiposetl to the Bill* The Bill, instead of being conciliatory, would only In crease the evil. He hoped members would not seek to carry the Bill through Committee. If they ap proached it earlv nest sessiou they could go into it fully, and perhaps come to good conclusions of a beneficial character. He hoped Mr. Gordon would be satisfied with his victory, which had been brought abont by touting, and le;ure the details to be dis cussed at atuture time. Tlie Hon. .1. H. ANGAS moved the adjournment of the debate. Negatived on tlie following division: — Ayes, 7— Hons. Baker, Copley, Duncan, Simpson, AVard, Warren, and Angas (teller). Noes, 0— Hons. Campbell, Charleston, Cotton, Guthrie, Uaslam. Kirkpatrick, Krichauff, Magarey, aud Gordon (teller). Majority of 2 for the Noes. PAU'.S.— Ayes— Hons. Stirling and Boswoith. Noes— Hons. O'Loghlin and Mavtin. The Uon. J. H. AXGAS regretted Uiat the parties who were suwporting the Bill had such little thought for tlie leader of tha Council and those members who had stopped to take part in the Bill to insist upon protracting the debate. (Hear, Hear.) One member had just telephoned to his house to say he would perhaps not be home that night. Taat showed that members did not intend to be brow beaten by other?. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Charleston had made the suggestion that a conference should be held between the Kipployer.3' Union and the Trades and Labonr Council to s je if a good measure could not be drafted of a mutually satisfactory nature. If tliat suggestion, coming* from such a quarter, was not favoured, Jlien of course the Bill should be gone on with. Bui the suggestion was a wise one and should be accepted. He complained that members would not i»air. He had been very unwell all the week. (Hon. B. '.Var.l— 'So have I.' Laughter.) There would be divisions on every clause of the Bill, and it would be impossible to go throa ;': with it. The Conin-*s~iouer had promised to adjourn at 10 o'clock, and lie hoped he would endeavour to do that, otherwise he hoped some member would be prepared to move the adjournment. (Hen. It. C Baker— 'Another seven minutes yei_') Probably that time could be ot-t-pied with ;i few general remarks ou the Bill. I'Laushter.) When the Land Boards Bill was before Parliament lie hail said they would be a failure, suul that prediction had been fully home out. (Uear. hear.) The PRESIDENT— The lion, member can show the comparison mid go into it, bnt 1 don't think he should discuss the Land Boards. The Hen. .1. 11. ANGAS said he merely wished to show that the Land Board system had baan a failure, and that tlie expensive Conciliation Board would probably be even a giv;if«r failure. (Uon. J. H. Gordon— ' il«»w is the time going? How lone are vou uj- fori' La«{:bt«r.) 11k favoured tho eight-hours principle, and tliey ought tu strike against further work that day. (Liuguter.) The Hon. . I. WARBKX inured t!ie adjournment of the debate till December IS. Carried on the voices. The Hon. J. 11. GORDON called for a division, but afterwards withdrew it. APPROPRIATION BILL. Received from the Assembly. Us.i'1 tir.--t time; second reading December IS. ESTATES DUTIES BILL. Message from the Assembly disagreeing with the suggestions made by the CounciC Consideration December IS. CHINESE IMMIGRATION BILL. Assembly notified receiving Governor's message suggesting amendment, to which they hod agreed. Consideration December 13. BONUSES FOR TROPICAL PRODUCTS The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon. W. Copley) moved for an address under the pro visions of the Bonus Art, No. 30 of 1S72, to cause to be offered bonuses, not exceeding £3,000, for the growth and preparation in the Northern Territory of sugar, rice, coffee, arrowroot, tapioca, tobacco, and vegetable oil. It would be recognised that the Northern Territory liad made verv little progress of late. It had rather retrograded, and the Govern ment wished to do something to encourage the cultivation of the soil there. Bonuses had been recommended by the Government Resident, resi dents in the Territory, and l-y Mr. Holtze, who lately was in the Territory and knew something of the nature of the tilings that would grow there. There were large areas of laud, but very few people, and bonuses might do something to increase and maintain the Territory's population. They proposed that for the first 500 tons of sugar in parcels of not less ttan 20 tons to give £2 per ton; for the first 500 tons of marketable rice in parcels oi not less than 50 tons, . ti per ton; for the first 5U tons of coffee-berries in parcels of not less than 1 ton; £5 per ton; for the lhst 50 tons of tobacco leaf of fair marketable quality in jiarcela of nut less than 1 ton, £5 per ton; for the first 1,000 gallons of vegetable oil ia parcels of not less than 2-JQ gallons, 2s. per gallon; and for the first 5 tons of arrowroot or tapioca in parcels of not Ies3 than & cwt, £1 per cwt. The whole of those products could be profitably cultivated in the Territory, and it was only a question of suitable labour being employed to produce them. The motion had been carried in the Assembly. (Hon. R. C. Baker— ' Does the motion mein £3,uoj for each?') No.it meant for the lot. The Hon. B.C. BAKER said that the Treasurer on August 12 said he certainly objected to the grant ing of bonuses, adding: — 'Giving bonuses ia not the bt-j-twayto facilitate the establishment of indus tries. 1 think we have colonisU who Ime enter prise enough to do something for tlieui.-M-.lv ts if they aie shown what to do, and that would 1)2 much irore satisfactory.' If that was the imlicy of the Ministry, why had they offered a different policy now? (Commissioner of Crown Lands— 'That applies to South Australia proper?') Surely a prin ciple that was bad for South Australia, was equally so for the Territory. He had heard that the Pre mier of Victoria (Mr. Munro), the late Premier (Mr. Gillies), Mr. Deakin (the late Chief Secretary), and Colonel Smith (a violent Protectionist) had de nounced the system of bonuses. They said wheu the bonuses were first offered they thought they would be a good thing, but tl'i-y had been miser able failures. Peoplesimply .sUiited businesses to get bonuses, and, having obtained them, stopped. They liad an instance in the Lobethal tweed factor}'. There was not one single instance in the history of South Australia where bonuses had been given and the particular business had turned out satisfactory, but if it was only £3,000 to be divided amongst tii# lot of industries mentioned by Mr. Copley then it would come to nothing. The Hon. F. KRICUAUFF said he had always been against granting bonuses. He cited tho bonus granted for silk, which was obtained by a friend of his. Dr. Cleland was almost the only one who carried on the industry to any extent. As regarded the tweed factory mentioned by Mr. Baker that had nod amounted to very much. Bonus-assisted affair* never came to anvttiiug. For the Northern Territory it might be necessary to try to get Euro peans there for the cultivation of 'the industries mentioned, butstill £3,000 would be a small amount, and would not do much good. He hardly know how to vote. Had the motion been for £;J,O(»o to each of the industries he would have opposed it. (IJun. E. Ward— 'Hear, hear.') It was not wise to otter such a sum as proposed. The Hon. J. J. DUNCAN said he liad heird thero was to be a Commission appointed to enquire into the prospects of the Northern Territory. Ue wor'd ask the Commissioner was that so. (lion. W. Copley— 'It is probable that the Assembly will affirm the appointment of a Commission.' Hon. R. C Baker — 'Newly all tlie members of tlie Assembly are to be appointed to Commissions.') Uu pre sumed the Commission would visit Ihe Northern Territory to see whether the bonuses would do good or not. It was not wise to advocate the spending fif £d,QG0 till after tlie ComtnUsion had enquired into tlie subject. For that reason be would vote a^aiust the motion. The Hon. .1. 11. GORDON said tho motion was a singularly apt specimen of Government incon sistency and bungling. Only in August last they had the Premier solemnly announcing that tha Government would oppose the b'inus system, and now showing anxiety iu favour of it. Could tho CcinmisMoner ;;ive any .explanation for that change of front'; The Government must be pretty nearly to the end of their tether. It was positively dis gusting tliat they should have such an exhibition. The proposal did seem ridiculous when it was pro posed to appoint a Commission to enquire into the prospects of the Northern Territory and tha development of its resources. Had the Government been favourable to the proposition all along he might have been found voting for the motion. (Commissioner of Crown Lands— 'If you were a Minister you would.') He should do a good many things the Commissioner did not do. Wait weak member of the following had to be placated by that sop? They mightcarry that motion and the Comuiission might recommend that no bonuses bo offered, a result which would not only mxka Parliament look ridiculous, but put privats people to a lot of needless expense. (Hear, hear.) The Hon. A. M. SIMPSON thought they should do something to make the Territory self-sup'portiug, but he looked on the motion as a useless attempt. A bonus has been offered for silk, aud sufficient of the article was produced to secure the bonm. Then; there was a sugar and an iron bonus, aud lliO: woollen factory at Lohethal had a bonus. The system had been a failure, and it would be a mis take to continue it. Tlie Hon. D. M. CHARLESTON looked on those industries encouraged by bonus Vits so in^ny hot house plants. They were all very well su long as they were kept under the glass. 1 he motion would not be of auy gi*ud, nnd £iJ,0(-0 would be thrown awav. The COMMISSIONER of CUOWS LANDS (Hon. W. C. Copley) said it was very evident tlut members did not read the newspapers, or they would see that the bonus system was not always a fa-'ure. Tliat was sean as to the Australian lmttor trade,, which was likely to cut the Danish artfcle out of tha London market. (Uon. 11. C. Baker—' Thers is no bonus h:'e. ) Very little butter was sbrqped from Adelaide. The bonus on frozen meat hau been tha salvation of New Zealand. Members were wilfully shutting their eyes to the facts. Motion negatived on tho following division : — Ayes, 4— lions. Campbell, Krichauff, Ward, ivud Copley (telleT). Noes, 10— Uons. Charleston, Cotton. Duncan, Gordon, Guthrie, Ilaslain, Kirkpatrick, Simpson, Warren, and Bake '(teller). Majority of 6 foi Noes. LICENSED VICTUALLERS BILL. Received from the Assembly jigrneipjr to amend ments Nos. 1 to 0 aud 1-2 and 1'; agreeing to No. 10 with amendment', and disagreeing with Not. 7, 8, v, anil 11. Consideration December 'is. EXCHANGE OF LAND. The COMMISSIONER of CKOWN LANDS (Hun. W. Copley) moved—' That the following Order be read and discharged and be made an Order of the Day for December IS— 'That this Council approves of the propose.! exchange »f Sections Nos. 474, 4&0, and 431 for Sections Nos. 4(-J and 4*)0, all in the Hundred of Moorooroo, in term; nf Section No. ?1U of the Crown Lands Act, 1-SftO, referretl to in Par liamentary Paper N«. ir-7 nf isOi.'1 The Hon. J. 11. GORDON said the jontioii had been before the House frir montlis past. Ho objected to its being kept there to be sprung on the Council as a anrprise. The Commis sioner of Crown Lauds, in dealing with the exchange of lunil so far as the administration of the Act was concerned, in cases whicli had ct-mo before the Council liad.not been jiartivularlv successful. He had eveiy respect for him pcKniially, but he had no confidence in his udiuituatrution* of the Crown lauds Department, 'lime after time the Commis sioner of Crown L-inds Jiad hud to hark bask. 11a moved, as anamemlnic-m, that the Order of the Day be read and discharged. The Hon. W. COPLEY' said tliat Mr. Gordon had seen til to make most unwarrantable charges against him. He wxsgettiug so used to those pe r.sonal and virulent attacks that lie was not going tt- take much notice of them iu future. Mr. Gordon made statements which were not true. He had said his administration with regard tu the exchanges of land had been unsuccessful. In every solitary case his administration liad been hacked up, even in the c,x«e where he had harked back as ta a certain transfer; since then the Laud Board bad approved of his action. (Uon. J. U. Gordon—' We know nothing about that.') The hon. member did not want to know an vtliius; about it. (Hon. J. U. Gordon — ' Yes 1 did.*') The rejisonof itsbeiugpost poned was to await the result of a similar motion in the Assembly. (Hon. J. H. Gordon— 'We ought notto wait on the other House.') It was no use ' cairvinu it there unless carried in tho Assembly' (Hon. D. M. Charleston— ' It is lost in the other House.') Then he wonld discharge it to uioirow. (Uon. .1. II. Gordon— 'Then I pre3a my amendment.') Amendment negatived on the voices. The Hon. J. If. GOKDON called for a division. On proceeding to tell the votes Mr. Gordon was unsup ported and the President said (.here could be no division. Motion carried. PAPERS. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Uon. -V. Copley) laid the following papers on the table:— By Command— Census 1891, Part IL, Ages of the People pursuant to Statute; Statement of Reasons for Resumption of Land in the Hundred of Tickera; Regulations under the Mining ou Private Property Act, IKS. ADJOURNMENT. Tlie Council at 10.55 p.m. adjourned till December S, 2 p m 