Jntupolflttiat and Jjomp. The average wages of a British working man is £41 13s 4d. The average income of the members of the House of Commons is said to be over per year. Madam Melba, the Australian singer, has been offered £30,000 for two seasons in America. The Prince of Wales, poor fellow, can't keep out of debt with his miser- able little pittance of £150,000 a year. Lord Randolph Churchill is to receive 20,000 guineas for 20 letters to an English paper on his visit to Mashonaland. The lowest salary paid in England to Bishops of the established Church is that received by the Bishop of Sodor and Man, £2,000 a year. The population of the world is said to be divided as follows : Europe, 380,200, 000 ; Asia, 850,000,000 ; Africa, 127,- 000,000 ; Australia, 4,730,000 ; North America, 89,250,000 ; South America, 36,420,000; Dolar regions, 300,000. The total would then be 1,787,600,000. A famous German restaurateur went into the Bankruptcy Court the other day. Judge of the sensations of his customers when they learned that he owed a bill of 15,000 marks to a knacker for supplying him with the carcases of horses aud donkeys ! To the ingenuous question as to what he want ed with these animals, tho man had to answer, " Why, my customers ate them aB venison !" In nine Scotch counties last year over 10 per cent, of the births were illegitimate. In Wigton the rate was as high as 15.7 per cent., in Banff 148 per cent., in Kircudbright 13-8 per cent., and in Dumfries 136 per cent Unsatisfactory as these figures are, there is one thing eminently satisfactory about them. They are considerably under the number for | many years. Despite these unwelcome figures which the statistics have to bear the Scotch birth-rate is the lowest yet recorded, the marriage-rate is the highest for six past years, and the death-rate is greater than since 1884. A sensation has been created in Berlin by a pamphlet written by Gen. Bogaslansky, of the Russian army, on the relative strength of the French and German armies. The writer asserts that the effective military force of France is stronger than that of Germany by 350,000 men, and declares that if the military systems of the two powers remain unaltered for twenty years the superiority of France will be trebled. The artillery of France, he says, is the best equipped in Europe. Germany, however, has 95 regiments of cavalry, while France has but 83, but the latter is alleged to be the more efficient in the matter of expert handling. German military authorities dispute the correct ness of the figures given by the writer, and ridicule his deductions. China, which boasts the oldest of newspapers and claims to have invented the mariner's compass, is leading the way in another department— this time of moral progress. An official procla mation has appeared in the Gazette of Northern China,, puolished in the pro vince of Kiong-Sou, to the effect that those in the service of the State' who print immoral books will be degraded, and thnt ordinary individuals convicted of the same offence will be ,condemued to a hundred blows of a stick and banishment to some penal locality over fifteen hundred miles distant. A dose of one hundred blows will be the punishment of the rascals who sell ob scenities. Thirty days after the issue of this edict all filthy books must be destroyed, beginning with those in course . of publication. A great deal has been heard about the barbarity and ignorance of the Celestials, but we are bold enough to think that most believ ing and self-respecting Christians, will not be disposed to object to this latest regulation either on the score of the lack of enlightenment or clemeucy. Sir John Pope Hennessy has re ceived a telegram from Zanzibar giving the general result of the recent elecT tions in Mauritius. The winning candidates, so far as at present known are all Mauritians ; and the member for North Kilkenny regards their success as an overwhelming demon stration in favour of his policy, which was based on the recognition of local opinion. Princess Clothilde, on coming to Rome at the death of Prince Napoleon, was so true in her loyalty to the Vatican that she did not even visit the Quirinal. It was her first visit to Rome since the annexation, and only her husband's death could have caused it. Her brother met her at the rail way station, but could not induce her to go to the Quirinal. Sir Henry Parkes put his foot in it at the Gaiety Theatre meeting on Saturday night. Speaking of the fact that some members of the lata Parliament's desire to maltreat his precious Federa tion bill, he said : " Why, a party of schoolboys could sit down and alter and improve the ten commandments." Some irreverent joker remarked, " You'd like the sixth altered and improved, would't you ?" — and a roar of laughter showed bow the joke waB appreciated and understood. It is now decided that Dr. Nansen, the Danish explorer, shall undertake his fresh expedition to the North Pole a';out the middle of June. He will have with him eight men and provisions to last for five years. The doctor counts on making the trip to the North Pole in two years. The Danish Govern ment has given a subsidy of fifty thousand crowns for the enterprise, and an equal sum has been placed at the explorer's disposal by a wealthy mer chant. Dr. Nansen hopes to reach safely an undiscovered country in the region of the pole and expects that he will have to endure cold from thirty to forty degrees centigrade in intensity. The strike of the London 'busmen has been successful. Not only have the men got the reduction of hours they craved for, but their cry once more aroused the sleeping innocence of Eng-. land to take the part of "the white slaves of England." The fact that 80,000 people came out in Hyde Park, last Sunday, to demand shorter hours for the washer- women of London, is another sign of the times. Iruly we are standing on the verge of social changes such as the world has never yet seen. The great Napoleon, the Emperor and conqueror of Europe, when upon his death-bed was forced to make the marvellous admission—an admission which was absolutely true — that though all the mighty conquerors, wise legislators, philosophers, aud lovers of men that bad been in the past were all forgotten, and only remembered just as heroes of bygone days, there was one who was not only remembered, but who was loved. He was Jesus of Nazareth, who was. crucified on Mount Calvary. Probably few people have any idea of the magnitude of the parcels busi ness on the Victorian railways. During the month of May 185,000 parcels were despatched from Spencer-street and Prince's Bridge stations. It is officially stated that out of this large number only fourteen complaints of non-delivery were made Of these, five were answered by proof of delivery to consignees, and two were settled by compensation. The remaining seven are still under investigation. The business of the month was not excep tional, the total number of parcels carried from Melbourne being 2,220,- 000 for the year. One man steals a Bheep, and escapes ; another merely looks over the hedge, and goes to prison for it. Captain Kerr, of the Craigburn , got drunk, wrecked his ship, and drowned half-a-dozen sailors, and the law cannot touch him. Another get drunk and breaks a window, and goes to gaol for six months. Such is the highest perfection of the justice of the law. A brawling Queensland shearer makes a foolish speech, and gets three years in gaol. A member of Parliament gets paid £300 a year to make foolish speeches half the year round. Old Castle Garden, through whose portals 9,000,000 immigrants have first trod upon the shores of America, is now to be turned into an acquarium,' the Park Commissioners, to whom the old fort has been handed over, having so determined. " Flaneur" relates the story of the worthy old Scotchman who, after re ceiving a " grand adrauneeshun" from ta Meenister, softly said, "Was ye ever drunk yersel, sir ?" " Certainly not!" exclaimed the indignant cleric. " I thought as muckle," rejoined Sandy, " for if ye was once right drunk — ma coonshence, rnon ! ye wad never want to be sober again in a' yer born days !" One of the most puzzling per formances of the Eastern conjuror is to plant a seed which immediately sprouts, springs up and flowers before the spectators ' astonished eyes ; but a recent German experiment seems to indicate that the feat is not especially wonderful. If lettuce seed be soaked in alcohol for six hours, and then set in a mixture of rich soil and unslaked lime and watered, it will instantly begin to sprout. At a recent dinner party in Berliu, the guests were served with lettuce grown on the table, between soup and salad time ; and if this may bo done with the slow growing plants of the temperate zone, what may not be expected of tropical vegetation, which without any stimulus but water will clothe the desert with a flowery carpet in twenty-four hours ? On the 31st March of this year there were 23,815 gold-miners in Victoria, which was an increase of 103 as com pared with the Government depart mental returns for the previous quarter. Of this number 12,804 were employed in quartz mines, and 11,011 on alluvial works. The number of Chinese on the goldfields is pub down at 3091, and out of this number only 139 are employed in quartz mines. The greatest number of miners em ployed in any one district is at Ballarat, where there are 6480, Sandhurst com ing next with 4879. The highest average value of gold produced per miner was obtained in Ballarat district — namely, £29 8s. 3d., and the lowest, £11 Is. 10d., in the Ararat district. For the whole of the colony the aver age rate per miner was £22 lis. 4d. According to tne Australasia uatnonc Directory for this year, summarised by The Hobart Catholic Standard , the Catholic population of Australasia, in eluding New Zealand and Tasmania, amounts to 629,505, whose spiritual needs are attended to by 25 archbishops and bishops, and by 774 priests. The churches number 1,103 spread over 411 districts. The children attending Catho'ic schools are 85,342, the greater proportion of whom receive instruction in the 649 primary schools, and the rest in two ecclesiastical seminaries, 17 colleges for boys, 90 boarding schools for girls, and 117 superior day schools. They are taught principally by 348 religious brothers, and a large number of the 2,588 nuns. There are also 51 Catholic charitable institutions in these colonies. The history of the Catholic University at Washington has been a history of the minrifticence towards education of the Catpic laity. Several of them had bestowed splendid endowments on the institution, culminating in that given by Miss Mary Gwendoline Cadwell, who presented the sum of 300,000dols., for the erection of a school of theology. The Rev. James McMahon, rector of St. Andrew's Church, New York "city, has however, now outdone this. The good priest has presented to the Uni versity for the foundation of a Hall of Sciences, property to the value of 500,000dols. The property in question was acquired by him through money bequeathed to him some years ago by relatives, and which he invested profit" ably. But who shall dare, in the face of such practical evidence, any Longer to accuse the members of the Catholic Church of being opposed to the spread of enlightenment. The Catholic Uni versity at Washington is a,, monument of devotion and zeal lor learning, such as hardly any non-Cathlic community in the world can show. 