GENERAL NEWS. The Agent Genbrat—-The Prime Minister (Hon. T. Playford, M.P.) will communicate to Sir Arthur Blyth the decision of the Assembly on Thursday in referenoe to the Agent-General holding a position on the directorate of a financial institution. Mr. Playford accepts the assurance of Mr. Grainger that the motion was not intended to -affect Sir Arthur in the office he now holds as a Director of the National Bank in London, but only to apply to prevent the acceptance of any similar office by the Agent-General in future, and an intimation to that effect will be made to Sir Arthur Blyth. Death op Me. E. F. Toweb.—A telegram has been received from England concerning the death a few days ago of Mr. E. F. Tower, formerly representative in the colony of Messrs. Gibbs, Bright, & Co. The tidings will cause no little regret in commercial and social circles in Adelaide, in both of which Mr. Tower after his arrival here speedily made himself a favourite. He was a son of Canon Tower, of Bath, England, and as a young man came to Australia Borne ten years ago. After spending a short time as a visitor on a station in New South Wales he entered the office of Messrs. Gibbs, Bright, & Co. in Sydney. Re maining there a few years, he went to New Zealand to take charge of the firm's business there. Here he was attacked by creeping paralysis, the disease whioh eventually proved fatal. After spending two years in that colony he was transferred to South Australia in succession to Sir. A- W. Meeks. Here, as we have said, his peculiar amiability of character and geniality of disposition, ' joined to more practical qualities as a capable business man, soon rendered him popular. Finding that all efforts to combat the insidious ailment from which he was suffering were fruitless he decided some eighteen mouths ago to visit England, to obtain the best medioal advioe. For a time the change seemed to do him good, but the improvement was only tem porary, and in the end be has Buocumbed to the disease. While in Sydney Mr. Tower married a daughter of Mr. B. Backhouse, architect, now Chairman of the Sydney Imperial Board, and sister of Judge Back house, of New South Wales, and of the wife of Dr. Todd, of Adelaide. This lady, with her two children, is now in England, but will pro bably return to Australia with her father, who proceeds thither in the course of two or three weeks. A Government Officer in Trouble.—A warrant for the arrest of Mr. Bruce E. Middle ton, a clerk in the office of the Superintendent of Publio Buildings, has been issued at the instance of the Commissioner of Public Works, the charge being that Middleton has appropriated to his own use two cheques for £20 each, which were deposited by contrac tors with the PublicWorksDepartment. Every contractor intending to tender fortlieadditional new wing of the Post- Offioe was required to deposit £25 on his taking out the plans, which are of some value. A number of contractors took out plans and deposited crossed cheques, ■which they were to get back when they sent in tenders. Middleton bad to give out the plans and receive the cheques. In all cases except two he handed the cheques to the accountant. In the two exceptions he kept the cheques and said nothing about thera. It was not until the tenders were received and the accountant had to pay back deposits that he found he waa short of £50. Subsequently it was ascertained that Middleton had paid away two crossed cheques to men with whom be had been associated, and that one of these persons had ultimately paid both of them into the Bank. In the meantime Middleton had obtained ten days' leave of absence, and his whereabouts now are not known tothedepartment. The cheques were made payable to the Superintendent of Public Buildings. It is believed that Middleton had parted with the money in gambling trans actions. The Commissioner of Police has caused the warrant for Middleton's arrest to be. advertised throughout the colonies, and also at all the police stations of South Australia; but as the accused, who is a young man, has had ten days' start, it is considered hardly likely that he will be apprehended.. Middleton had been in the Government service for about nine years, and was in receipt of a salary of £140 per annum. SibChasles Halle.—The music lovers of Adelaide will be glad to learn that Mr. R. S. Smythe has arranged with Sir Charles and Lady Halld for a second and farewell tour, in the course of which this city will be visited. The two eminent musicians will be accom panied by the celebrated Austrian prima donna, Mdlle. Marie Fillunger, well known in Europe as one of the principal pupils of Madame Marcbesi, to whose training, short as it was, Madame Melba owes so much. The management, with a view of making this the strongest concert combination that has visited Adelaide, have sent for another vocalist, and hope to secure 'the leading oontralto of Mr. Sims Reeves's recently disbanded company. The Adelaide season commences on July 17. Abt Examinations.—In the results of the First-grade Model Drawing Examination, which appears on page 34, the name Henry Bell Billing under Hardwicke College, should have been Helena Bell Billing. Customs Returns.—The value of the staple exports of the colony during last month was £345,308, making a total during the first five months of this year of £2,102,560, beng an in crease of £216,884 on the value of the staple exports during the corresponding period of last year. The Customs receipts last month were £50,748 3s., and during the first five months £294,772 2s. 8d., as against £306,481 3s. 2d. last year. Received.—From the North Queensland Insurance Company a copy of a valuable map of North Queensland, issued for the use of the Company, customers, and others. Riveb Levels. — The following shows the state of the rivers above summer level at the undermentioned places at 9 a.m. on Thursday, June 18:—Murray—Albury, 4ft.; Wahgunyah, 6 ft. 10 in.; Echuca, 5 ft; Swan Hill, 5 ft. 8 in.; Eueton, 10 ft. 3 in.; Over land Comer, 9 ft 9 in.; Morgan, 11 ft 11 in.; Renmark, 9 ft. 81 in. Murrumbidgee — Gundagai, 6 ft.; wagga, 10 ft; Hay, 5 ft; Balranald, 5 ft 4 in.; Tilpa, 12 ft; Wil cannia, 13 ft. 1 in., rising; Menindie, 21 ft 10 in.; Pooncarie, 23 ft 7in.; Wentworth, 11 ft. 9 in, Naomi and Barwon—Bourke 4 ft. 4 in., rising. A New System op Carriage-lighting.— j Mr. H. O. Mais, formerly Enginecr-in- Chief j of this colony, has brought over to Adelaide a I railway carriage illuminated by the " frost dry { carburetor system" of lighting, for the i apparatus of which he is the colonial agent. The "Victorian Railway Commission nave determined to test the system on the Brighton and St. Hilda lines. After actual service on the. Pennsylvania railroad (with 250 carriages so fitted), and on the Union Pacific and other permanent treads in the United States, it has been accepted as their standard system. Its advocates claim for it "simplicity, cheapness, safety, vastly enlarged volume of light, and nominal cost of maintenance." Each carriage is absolutely independent for its light, and does not require any ' expensive charging plants to operate it. Since the in troduction of the "Westingbouse air brake the greatest improvement in passenger-car sorvioe has been the invention of a cheap and efficient light made possible by the use of air from the brake servioe and the volatile oils obtained from petroleum. These two elements com bined in proper proportions have long been known to produce the cheapest and best ilia minating gas, but the greatest obstacle to this class of light has been the danger attending the storage of these volatile oik in passenger carriages. This difficulty it is contended has been entirely overcome by the frost dry car buretor system, in which the oil is ab sorbed by capillary attraction of cotton wicking, and gradually yields its hydro-carbon to a current of air, which is forced through the entire mass, and conveyed thence to the burner in such proiiortions as to give the best results in the way of economy ana brilliancy of light. Each lamp gives 100 candle-power illumina tion as the maximum, and it is supposed to burn at the maximum for fifty hwurs after the carburetor is charged. The air is supplied from a small storage tank beneath the carriage. The difference in the cost of equipment for the system as compared with kerosine and compressed coal or oil gas will be saved, it is urged, in a year by the economy in mainte nance. The carriage which Mr. hlaia brought over was attached to one of the Port trains on Saturday night, hut the lights did not burn very satisfactorily. The Chairman of Railway Commissioners (Mr. J. H. Smith) and the Traffic Superintendent (Mr. J. B. McNeil) travelled to the Port in the carriage. Mr. 1J. C. Mais writes to us as follows:—"Dear Sir — I note in Monday's issue your de scription of the Frost Dry Carburettor light, which is fitted to one of tne Victorian railway carriages now in Adelaide, and that you say that the trial on Saturday night was not satisfac tory. This is quite correct, but it was not in any degree attributable to the system. For some reason or other this carriage, which left Melbourne on Friday by express with the lamps lighted, and arrived here on Saturday morning with the lights in j the same condition as when they left Mel bourne, was taken into the workshops in Ade laide, and whether from curiosity or otherwise a valve which is in service never touohed was meddled with and closed, with the result that the air reservoir was shut off from the lamps. The moment the valve was reopened on re turning from the Port the lights were relit, and gave their usual effect. 1 may say that this carriage has been uninterruptedly running for more than two months, and the light has never failed." j The Late Mil. J W. Daniel.—On Saturday morning Mr. Josiak Wyke Daniel, an old and respected colonist, breathed his last. Mr. Daniel arrived in the colony from England in 18150, and was for many years engaged in the soft-goods business in Adelaide. For a time, too, he was a storekeeper at Mount Pleasant. During the last twelve years he was m the Civil Service as store keeper at the Government Printing Offioe. The deceased always took a lively interest in promoting the study of music, and, possessing a rich voice, lie was highly thought of as a vocalist, and will be much missed from musical circles. He had only a brief illness, and he leaves a widow and grown-up family. Sudden Deaths.—Our columns this week i record no fewer than four sudden deaths of more prominent colonists, Mr. E.. Amand Wright,' -J.P., of Glenclg, and Mr. George Shorncy, J.P., of the Semaphore, expired quite unexpectedly on Saturday. The melan choly list includes Dr. Warren, Government Medical Resident at Elliston, and also Mr. George Lambert, Manager for Messrs. Har rold brothers at Port Pirie, whose death is associated by sad circumstances. The Late Mb, E. Amand Wkighr J.P.— We regret to annouucethe death at his resi dence on Saturday in his 69th vear of Mr. E. Emand Wright, an old and highly esteemed colonist. He arrived in the Fama in 1841 in company amongst other passengers with the late Mr. E. I. S. Trimmer, and entered into the mercantile bouse of Messrs. H. W. Phillips and Co., of Hindley-street. Later on he became Secretary to the Princess Royal, Mount Remarkable, and other Mining Companies, and subsequently entered into business on his own account as land and estate agent, and established a firm which became known as Wright Brothers. He ' was well known in commercial and general circles, but did not enter into public life. Of late years, owing to impaired health, be had been living in retirement from business, but his death, which was caused by heart dis ease, was quite unexpected. He has left a widow and three children—one son and two daughters—all unmarried. The surviving brothers are.Mr. Arthur J. Wright, General Manager of the Imperial "Insurance Company in Melbourne, and Mr. Frederick Wright, of this city; and two sisters, Mrs. Prankerd and Mrs. Hides, both now in England. London A_bt Union.—The following are among the prizeholders in the Art Union of London as declared after the drawing on May 5Entitled to select a work of art of the value of £35, Mr. W. Fiveash, Adelaide; to a work of art valued at £25, Mr. T. Benniman, Gilberton; to a work valued at £10, Mr. T, C. Brown, Fort Adelaide. The Lath Mb. John Godlee. —We an nounce- with regret the death of Mr. John Godlee, aged 77. who arrived in the colony from Lewes, Sussex, in the ship Henry Poicher on July 1, 1838, and was therefore a coloniBt of fifty-three yean. The deceased was a mechanical engineer, and as such did vet? useful work, especially in the early yean of the colony's history. He took out two or three patents for improvements in reap ing machines. For the latter ten or twelve years of his working oareer he was employed in theJ Locomotive Department, and on retiring to well-earned rest, nine years ago, he was the re cipient of a handsome presentation. For many years he was Clerk of the District Council of Tungkillo. The deceased, who never left the colony, was held in high esteem by those who knew him. He has left a widow and five sons and two daughters, all grown up. Legal.—Messrs. Glynn and Heuzenroeder have dissolved partnership, and Mr. E. M. Heuzenroeder has taken into partnership his brother, Mr. W. E. Heuzenroeder, LL.B., who served his articles in the Attorney - General's office.. Dr. Bahnahdo's Fund.—L. and T. B. Slater, 4s. 3d.; Old Lady, Ds. A Pbospebous Bobdjess.—Among the firms that have made wonderful advances m business in this community during recent years few can show a better reoord of success in proportion to the extent of their undertakings than Messrs. Charlick Brothers, the well-known grocers and produoe merchants, who on Saturday last opened a large establishment opposite to Messrs. James Marshall & Co.'s in Bundle street. A brief reference to the growth of this firm will be interesting. About twenty years ago Mr. Robert Charlick, who manages the firm's wholesale stores at Port Adelaide started in business in the Bast - End Market in a sort of shed, 10 ft. x 14 ft. Having done fairly well, he purohased a corner Bbop in Bundle-street abutting on the market^ and in a short time be took over the adjoining establishment which belonged to the late Mr. S. Bakewell. The business grew to such dimensions that it was not a great many years before Mr. Ghailick found it necessary to build new premises, and subsequently at different periods be took into partnership his brothers, Messrs. William and Frederick Char lick and his brother-in-law, Mr. A G. Baker. - The firm opened a wholesale branch at the chief port of the colony, and about three years ago they erected on the southern side of Bundle street, opposite to their grocery Btores, a ware house some 210 ft. in length so as to give accom modation to carry on their extensive wholesale fruit and produce trade. A large proportion of the firm's business has been done with the country and Broken Hill, and their steady and constantly increasing trade has induced them to open branches at Mount Gambier and in Mel bourne. Over fifty hands are regularly em ployed in this colony. And now, for the con venience of customers and to meet the growing demands for their goods, Messrs. Charlick have taken over a portion of the extensive premises occupied by Messrs. B. C. Castle & Co., in Bundle-street, and opened what is de cribed as the largest grocery shop and tea emporium in this city. The shop has a depth of nearly 100 ft. from the street. Great alterations have been made to transform it from a drapery establishment into one suit able for the requirements of the new business, and every facility for the reception ' and dispatch of goods seems to have been provided. The ground floor is the business place, and here groceries and dairy produce of every description are sold. Dealing in tea is to be a speciality- An expert in blending has been engaged from the eastern colonies, whence, by-the-way, other handB have been imported for the new shop, and the firm will therefore dispose of the best imported China, India, and Ceylon teas, scientifically blended, and put up on the premises. The second floor ib set apart for the testing and blending business. First the varieties of tea are thrown into layers, and then blended and afterwards transferred to bins specially erected. The testing process is exactly similar to that adopted in all tea bouses, the teas being judged by the colour, smell, infused leaf, ana tbe liquor. The tea department is conducted upon thoroughly systematic principles, and the different qualities and prices of teas are dis tinguished by different-coloured packets, can isters, balf-cnests, or whatever they may be. A commodious cellar, where a large proportion of the unpacked goods—the more perishable produce—are stored, runs for the whole length of the shop. Special features of tbe new busi ness, which will not interfere with the carrying on of the others of the Arm's establishments in the city, iB the guarantee to deliver tea carriage free to any railway station in the colony, and the-transaction of all business on the cash principle. An entirely new stock of goods has been introduced. Messrs. Charlick have a very appropriate and attractive design in the front of the shop in the form of a picture of an old dame sipping a cup of Charlick's tea, the delicious character of which is unmistakably shown in ber facial expression. X J IK JMKW L/AHADlAfl JTJKEBIKH. A CaOie gram appearing elsewhere conveys the intima tion that the Bon. J. J. Caldwell Abbott, Q.C., D.C.L., succeeds the late Sir J. A. Maedonald as Premier of the Dominion of Canada. Mr. Abbott, who is a member of the present Administration without a portfolio, is the Government leader in the Senate, the Hon. Frank Smith, also without a portfolio, being the only other Senator who is a member of the Ministry. Only within the past few years has he been in the Federal Cabinet, but he has had a long legislative career. He was Solicitor General in the Executive Council of Lower Canada as far back as 1862. The new Premier holds the first position throughout Canada as a commercial lawyer. For many years he acted as adviser to the Canadian Pacific Rail way Company, and he is at this moment a Director of the Bank of Montreal. Land-grant Railways.—At a special meet ing of the Adelaide Chamber of Commerce held at its office, Waymouth-street, Adelaide, on Wednesday evening, Mr. Charles Wilcox was to have submitted the motion—" That the Chamber is in favour of constructing the Trans continental Railway on the land-grant system." As Mr. Wilcox, through illness, was unable to attend, his motion lapsed. Speaking on the advisableness of discussing such a motion the President (Mr. J. Darling, jun.) considered it a question that the Chamber should hardly enter into. He did not know the feeling of the members on the point as to whether it was a matter affecting trade and oommerce, hut as a matter of policy they should not go into it. Mr. W. J. Magarey considered it within the province of the Chamber to discuss. He did not think they should draw a line as to the policy of the country, and moved—"That the matter of constructing the Transcontinental Railway and other similar works is a fair subject for discussion." Mr. S. Toms Beoonded, and the motion was carried after being sup ported by Mr. A. L. Harrold, who considered Rule 2 gave ample scope for discussing the question. Mr. Wilcox, ths mover of the original motion, will be consulted by the Secre tary as to giving fresh notice of motion on the j subject. | The Shearing Season.—Messrs. W. and R. Hunt, labour agents, inform ub that they have already engaged Jparties of shearers for Oakden Hills and Andamooka, and are now filling up for Mount Lyndhurst, Mount Gapp, and Parnatty Stations, while there is a ohoioe of other well-known sheds open to follow. So far as at present can be seen it appears as if the men did not intend to allow the oppor tunity to pass of securing good stands at the highest current rate of wages. The first batch of shearers for the Far North- Easb sheds was dispatched from the Adelaide Railway Station on Friday morning by another agent. All these men had signed the pastoralists' agreement. Several other large sheds are, we understand, now full, and the men will leave at an early date. Imperial Postal Reform.—Speaking lately on postal reform the Chancellor of the Ex chequer (Mr..Gosphen) said:—"Withregard I to Imperial penny postage, the Postmaster General did not admit that Imperial peony postage could be carried out at a loss of only £75,000. Compared with a similar period in 1890, in the four months to April 30, 1891, there had been an increase of mail matter in weight of 14*24 per oent. and a decrease in reoeints of 43'C per cent. It would be prema ture to consider any reduction in the cost of telegrams." State Children's Council.—The monthly meeting of the State Children's Council was held on Thursday, June 11, there being present: — Mr. H. W. Thompson (Presi dent), Lady Downer, Mrs. Farr, Miss Baker, Miss Clark, Miss Spence, Dr. Robertson, Mr. T. [Rhodes, J.P., and the Secretary (Mr. J. B. Whiting). The Secretary reported that during the mi th 27 children had been sent to the Industrial School and 1 to the Girls' Reformatory; that 19 had been placed out on subsidy, 2 for adoption, 7 for service, 2 on probation to relatives, 7 trans ferred for various reasons, and 1 apprenticed for five years to a machinist. A letter was reoeived from a resident of Mount Gambier respecting the recent assault case at Millicent, urging that aotion should be taken to have a new trial The Council decided that as the girl is no longer a State child, the term of the Council's control having expired some time ago, it had no power to take action in the matter. Mis. Biggins and Mrs. W. Wise were appointed members of the Minlaton and Gumeracha Visiting Committees respectively. Seven applications for release of children were considered, three being granted and one refused. In the other three cases the Council decided to license the children on probation. "The Colonial Year-book.—We have received a copy of this useful book for 1891, which is the seoond year of publication, and comprises "a series of papers, the purpose of which is to deal in extcnso with the ever wondrous story of the foundation and develop ment of eaoh English oolony." It is claimed that every article has been brought up to date on the spot by the highest authorities, and that this year's edition contains much new matter. Mr. Scott Keltie supplies an in teresting introduction, dealing with the extra ordinary development of the Colonial Empire, which is over 11 million square miles in extent and having a population, including feudatories, of something like 360 millions— one-fifth of the land surface of the globe, and one-fourth of its inhabitants." " The Colonial Year-book," which is well supplied with maps and generally got up in a superior style, concludes with a practical paper by Mr. Henniker Heaton on Imperial penny postage and cheap telegraph rates. The work iB edited by Mr. A. J. R. Trendell, C.M.G., and published by Messrs. Sampson, Low, Mars ton, & Co. Danish Immigeation.—The Consul-General for Denmark in Melbourne (Mr. F. W. Were) passed through Adelaide on June 12 for Mel bourne, having been one of the guests at the opening of the Tarrawingee Tramway. Mr. Frederick Wright, the Vice-Consul in Ade laide, had an interview with Mr. Were in reference to his advice given recently to a Danish traveller to the effect that it was unde sirable under present conditions to encourage foreign emigration to South Australia. Mr. Were thoroughly approved of the oourse taken by Mr. Wright, who informs us that his remarks applied only to indiscriminate immi gration without guarantee of employment on arrival. He would be only too pleased to facilitate the introduction of carefully selected Danish domestic servants, who would find ready and certain employment here. Resignation op the Senior Inspector op Schools.—Mr. Edward Dewhirst, the Senior Inspector of Schools, has sent in his last report to the Minister of Education, and intimated his desire to relinquish his duties at the end of : the present month. Mr. Dewhirst has been | in the service of the State since August 9, I860. He was appointed to his present position on July 1, 1882, and has been drawing a salary of £500 per annum. The diligent, painstaking, and efficient manner in which he has performed his duties is deserving of the warmest recognition. There are three Inspectors who come next in order or seniority—Messrs. Thomas tsurgan, Lionel W. Stanton, and Charles L. Whitham, They received their appointments on January 1, 1876. Mr. I. A. Piummer, who became head master of the Norwood School in 1890, will now be raised to the office of In spector to fill up the vacancy created by Mr. Dewhirst's retirement. Boat Found.—The Collector of Customsbas received the following telegram from the Engi neer of Ports and Harbours, Melbourne:— "Joseph Hutchison, of Mount Richmond, rcportBLast Monday week an open boat, 19 feet long, beam 6 feet, was found on the beach at Discovery Bay; also two oars and hawser. The words * Lotis' (or' Lotus'), ' Clark, master, Adelaide,' were cut on two loose seats in boat." The ketch Lotus, which belongs to Port Ade laide and loBt the boat from Beachport three weeks ago, is quite safe. Distbict Councils' Association.—There was a very large attendance at the quarterly meeting of this Association, which was held on June 12 at the Sir John Barleycorn Hotel. The room, which was set apart for the purpose, proved to be too small for the numerous repre sentatives of the Councils, and those who came in a little late had to stand. This fact was resented by several gentlemen, who would naturally prefer to be comfortably seated. It was proposed that the meeting adjourn for a few hours, so that a larger room might be obtained, and one of the members who supported the motion facetiously observed that those who were fortunate enough to have chairs should not be influenced to vote against the motion. The result of the voting was unsatisfactory to the unseated members, who seemed to regard the majority as of quite "acapitalistic class," but the subsequent pro ceedings were conducted with all harmony. A number of motions concerning District Council matters were disposed of, the principal one carried having for its object an increase in the vote for the maintenance of main roads. The Telegbaph Leakage Case.—In Execu tive Council on Wednesday morning the service of the telegraph operators, Messrs. Von Ber touch, Hainbidge, and Meleng, who were sus- - pended in oonsequence of the unfavourable report of the Telegraph Leakage Board of Enquiry, were dispensed with. In tho case of the fourth operator, J. H. Maddeford, a Board of Enquiry, consisting of Mr. J. G. Russell (Commissioner of Insolvency), Mr. W. R. Boothby (Sheriff), and Mr. T. N. Stephens (Acting Collector of Customs), was appointed to investigate the charges which were laid against him. Cbuise of the Pbotectob.—The gunboat Protector left Port Adelaide on Monday ] morning for a ten days' cruise in St. Vinoent and Spencer's Gulfs. The programme includes j a call at Port Pirie, Port Augusta, Wallaroo, ' and Port Lincoln. Two officers of the Naval Reserve (Captains Clare and Marshall Smith) and a number of reserve men will acoompany the vessel, and during the cruise various manoeuvres, drill, and target practice will be gone through. The Protector has been laid up for some time undergoing some necessary repairs. It is felt that if more of these cruises were carried out it would be conducive to greater efficiency of the men and an advantage to the ship. The Naval Forces have just com pleted a week's course of drill and firing prac tice, and the cruise, with its interesting evolu tion, which can only be conducted at sea, is looked forward to by the men of the gunboat and the reserve. The report of Rear-Admiral Scott, shows that the gunboat is now in ex cellent oider and the .crew in a high state of efficiency. Pee BONAt Itemb.—We take the following, from the Christian Weekly:—Dr. Moulton, the President of the British Conferenoe, while travelling through Bishop Auckland recently was the guest of his friend, the Bishop of Durham. Drs. Westcott and Moulton were members of the Old Testament Revision Com mittee.—The Rev. Lorimer Fison, M.A., the genial and able editor of the . Melbourne Spectator, who did such effective missionary work in the South Seas for many years, has been elected President of the Anthropological Section of the Australasian Association for the Advancement of Arts and Sciences. _ This must be an important position if its duties are commensurate with the abnor mal length and quality of the title.— The Rev. George Brown, the President of the New South Wales Conference and General Secretary of Foreign Missions, has received what he describes as a " beautiful letter" from Lady McGregor, in which - the following passage occurs with reference to our new mission:—"Ithinic it a very grand idea to make it a memorial to John Wesley on the occasion of the centenary of hiB death. He himBelf could not have chosen a better one."' Her Ladyship also says—" I am very glad that Mr. Bromilow is going to undertake the leadership." Mr. Brown, it is anticipated,, will not return from Hew Guinea till August or September.—Sir John Macdonald, the great Canadian statesman, who has recently passed away, amid the regrets, of an Empire, described as " the giftof a generation," was the subject, a few years ago, of an important re ligious experience during a revival which swept over the Methodist Churches of the Canadian Dominion. This Sir John himself testified te utons of the great meetings which were .held by the Conference evangelists, Messrs. Cross lev and Hunter, in the City of Ottawa at that time. Shortly afterwards, at the request of his - dying daughter, he gave the fortune intended for ber marriage dowry, amounting to £8,000,. towards the erection of a new Hospital. . Religion and Politics.—The Hon. W. Copley has entered a vigorous protest in Truth, ana Progress against the repetition of such a meeting fas was held in the Norwood Baptisb Church last month, wherein a somewhat pro minent speaker on political reform movements - gave an address on " A Christian Democracy and its relations to the State." After the speaker had concluded it appears that Mr. Copley gave the audience a bib of his conservative mind on the qnestion. telling them that the services of the Church should be spiritual, and that as a member of a Baptist Church he entered his protest against a building which had been erected for the worship of God being used on. the Lord's Day for the purpose of giving what was really a political address. In his letter he quotes the Rev. S. Mead, who recently said that when Christ was on earth He did not go about trying to make people discontented with their lot and set ting class against class, but rather the reverse. Many will sympathize (says the Christian Weekly} with the protestant in thinking that, although politics may not he the "abomina tion of desolation," yet on this occasion they were standing where they ought not. Councillor Roonet.—News has been re ceived from Colombo to the effect that Coun cillor Rooney, who left Adelaide in the Austral: some weeks ago on a visit to England, has been obliged to break the passage on acoounb of his having caught a severe cold during the voyage from Western Australia to Colombo. The voyage was somewhat rough, and Mr.. Rooney suffered from an affection of the lungs. If his health does not improve he will return to Adelaide by the Orizaba. Mr. Rooney, it will be reoollected, was accompanied by his wife and brother, Mr. J. P. Roimey, of Paskeville._ By the Orizaba, whioharrived on. 1llieaaay, Mr. J. f. llooney, of Paskeville, returned, and he informs us that his brother had been so far restored to health as to be able to proceed on his trip to the old country. Licensed Victuallers' Association.—A. meeting of the committee of the Licensed Victuallers' Association was held at the oom mittee-rooms on Thursday evening, the 11th inst. There were ten members of the com mittee present, the President (Alderman Eliery) in the chair. Correspondence was read, referring to the elections, sly; grog-selling, Sunday trading, and the liability of tenants under brewers' leases. The President reported1 that the attempt of the sub-committee ap pointed at last meeting to endeavour to regu late the retail price of colonial ale in Hindley street bad failed in consequence of the stub bornness of one member of the Association. General regret wae expressed that a member should so violate the principles of trade com bination and break through the rules of' Unionism. Messrs. R. Stephens, Southern Cross Hotel, and W. Dunn, Bristol Tavern, city, were admitted full members, and Mr. S. R. Heseltine, who was retiring from the wine and spirit trade, was elected a life member. Pour other hotelkeepers were proposed for membership. The Secretary reported the re ceipt of a donation from J. D, Johnston; also, that legal opinion had been forwarded to a member re clauses in his lease, and that endeavours were still being made to obtain convictions against sly grogsellers. The - annual election of Secretary then took place, which resulted in the re-election of the present Secretaiy (Mr. J. Cbittleborough). Two members attended and complained of the in convenience and annoyance tbey bad been subjected to by the neglect of the Clerk of the Adelaide Licensing Bench in not filing their notices of application for transfer in the customary manner. The President said it was advisable tor all members to do their licensing business through the Association's Secretary, who gave Bpecial attention to this matter. He saw that all applications entrusted to him. were properly filed, and took precaution to get receipts from the ClerkB of the various country Licensing Benches for all applications for warded by him; Aocounts were passed for pavroent amounting to £2010s. Station Hands and the Adelaide Chil dren's Hospital.—For a number of years tbe shearers and station hands have shown a prac tical sympathy for the Adelaide Children's Hospital by contributing towards the funds. The amount has been augmented on some stations by giving a local entertainment at the close of the shearing season. This has served a double purpose, and has invariably been a. great success. One of the wards of the Hospital has been named "The Shearers'' Ward" in recognition of the support which has been received from this source. Last year the following stations were contributors to tne extent mentioned, viz.:—Coidillo Downs, fill 18s. 7d.; Monkira, £10 7b. 6d.; Aroona, £10; Erudina, £8 3s. 9d.; Montacollina, £6 0s. 6d.y Beltana, £5 19s. 6d.; Leigh's Creek, £412s.; Mount Serle, £3; Nalpa, £2 12s. 9d.; Wirri alpa, £2 2s. 6d.; Wilgena, £2; Wilpena, £1 lis. 6d.: Warcowie, £1; Buckland Park, 8s. As the shearing season is ooming round again it is to be hoped that the shearers and station hands will not forget this very deserving charity. Bkws Mehohial Fund.—The following additional amounts bave been received:— Collected by Quiz—F. W. Mansel, £2; H. C. E., £1 Is.; W. Graham (Western Australia),. £1; A. T. C., 10s.; W. J. E., 10s.; Joey Brown, 10s.; total, £513s. fid. W. A. West, Moonta, 4s. Death of The O'Gobman Mahon.—A calile ■ frrum appearing in another column announces the death of Mr. James Patrick O'Gorman Mahon, or The O'Gormon Mahon, as he was \- usually called. Deceased, who was M.P. for Carlow County, Ireland-was born in the ■ County of Clare in 1803. He was therefore • eighty-eight years old at the time of his death. He graduated as M.A. at Trinity College, Dublin. He was called to the Bar in Ireland in 1834, but never practised. He wasaMagis-; trate and Deputy-Lieutenant for Clare. lake the great majority of Irish members he was a Home Ruler. He eat for Clare for a short time in 1830-1, when he was unseated on peti tion; and for Knnia from August 1847 to July 1852, when be was an unsuccessful candidate. From May 1879 to November 1885 he sat for : his native county. The two general elections \- of 1885 and 1886 did not find him among the list of candidates for Parliamentary honours, but on the death of Mr. J. A. Blake he was elected for Carlow. The split between .the IriBh Nationalist members over the question of Mr. f smell's leadership saw him siding with Mr. . Justin McCarthy. The Auxiliary Squadron.—His Excellenoy the Governor has received the following tele gram from the Secretary of State for the Colonies:—"Happy to inform you that the .Admiralty have agreed that the new ships alter rendezvous at Thursday Island will .visit in such order as Admiral may find convenient More ton Bay, Sydney, Adelaide, Melbourne, -andHobart. After that those that are not to -he laid up will visit as soon as convenient to general naval service Fremantle and New Zealand." His Excellency the Earl of Kintore has heard from Admiral Lord Charles •Soott that tbe ships will probably be here at ' the end of September. NewCtundeb fob Moleswobth's Process. —Messrs. G. E. Fulton & Go., Limited, have . just completed another splendid casting for the Molesworth Ore- reduction Company. It is of the. same dimensions as the two preoeding \- cylinders, viz., 15 ft. 2 in., and having an in ternal diameter of 3 ft. at one end and 2 ft. at the other. There are several tows of lugs run ning lengthwise inside to carry round the -crushed ore. This cylinder is fitted with the same improvements as that at the Alma Mine, \- and, like it, is cast in one piece, which is found to answer all requirements. It runs on trio tion rollers, the bearings being at each end of the cylinder, the net weight of which is rather \- over 3 tonB. Mellob Brothers' Co-operative Company, Limited.—A meeting of shareholders of Mel lot's Co-operative Company was held at the Works, Franklin-street, Adelaide, on Tuesday. There was a large attendance. Mr. J. F. Mellor, one of the Managing Directors, pre -sided. He trusted that the Company—the pioneer Co-operative Manufacturing Company in South Australia—would realize all its \- expectations. A letter was read from Bishop Eennion (who had taken very great interest in the formation of the Company), expressing his regret that he could not be present on account \- of absence from the city, but assuring the shareholders that he was very pleased at the ■successful issue arrived at, and wishing the 'Company every success. Mr. T. Pope, of Messrs. W. & T. Pops, the solicitors for the Company, read the memorandum and articles i of association, which were adopted, on the motion of Mr. Barlow, who had been connected with tbe firm for 34 years, and who, on behalf of himself andfeUow ■ employes, expressed their appreciation of their old employers in so framing the prospectus of the Company that 25 per cent, of the profits, . after paying all shareholders 7 per cent., would be divided amongst the employes. (Cheers.) Messrs. Gilbert and Cameron alsospoke in very < encouraging terms, and the latter said that inhis . district—Quorn—where he was acting as Manager, the greatest enthusiasm had Deen shown by the farmers, more than 100 of whom had become shareholders. Messrs. J. F. and B.F. Mellor were appointed Managing Direc tors for a term of five years, and Messrs. T, B. Marshall, C. E. Hammond, and T. W. Maoklin were elected Directors until the next general meeting. At the close of the meeting Messrs. Mellor Brothers invited the shareholders to partake of refreshments, which were catered for by Mr. Jackman in a very creditable manner. Instead of the usual speechifying a profitable hour was spent in discussing matters ' foenefioial to the advancement of the Company, and many valuable suggestions were made. I Railway Revenue.—The railway revenue for the week ending June 13 was £22,511, and for the corresponding week of 1890 £17,957 ■ showing an increase of £4,554. | Premutation Table.—There is now ex- j hibited in Rigby's window, King William etreet, a star-shaped permutation table, written in coloured inks, in which the text "The Lord shall reign for ever and ever" can be read in exactly 418,26G,624 different ways. It also contains the same text in Hebrew, Greek, and Latin, and Handel's setting of the sentence in his " Israel in Egypt." The New Inspector op Schools.—At a ! : meeting of the Executive Council on Wednes day morning Mr. I. A. Plummer, the head master of the Norwood Model School, was appointed an Inspector of Sohools to fill the vacanoy caused by the resignation of Inspector Dewhirst, who will retire at the end of the month at his own suggestion. Mr. Plummer • will receive a salary of £450 a year. It has not been decided who shall take his place as head master of the Norwood School. Railway to Western Australia. — The Prime Minister (Hon. T. Playford) has re oeiveda telegram from the Premier of Western Australia (Sir John Forrest), intimating that the Syndicate for the construction of the rail way from Port Augusta to Western Australia baa applied for an extension of time from June 30 for making the deposit of £50,000, as decided upon in the preliminary agreement, and ■ enquiring what the South Australian Govern ment intended to do in the matter. A reply has been sent to Sir John Forrest, stating that the South Australian Government are willing to extend tho time to October 1. The Croydon Bore.—The Government have decided to abandon further boring operations at Croydon, and men have begun to take down the apparatus preparatory to its removal. It will be remembered that this bore was begun by Messrs. George Kauffman & Co., under -contract to the South Australian Govern > ment. . The soft nature of the earth ■ passed through necessitated lining the ■ tore its whole depth. After sinking several i bundled feet a block caused by the breakage of \-- the casing occurred, and the contractors pre ferred sacrificing the contract to clearing the bore. The Water Conservation Department . were then entrusted with the "work, and .they, after great trouble and the \- display of considerable ingenuity and patience, recovered the .casing, whioh ■ was worth over £600. This accomplished the work was again suspended, and in reply to the Hindmarsh Corporation, who had taken \- great interest in the bore from the first, the " Government stated that Mr. Oswald Brown \- was to furnish a report on the matter, and pro -ceedings were to be held in abeyance until then. The nature of the report has not yet * been made public. It is to be regretted that the bore is not to be proceeded witn, so that the \--question of the existence or otherwise of coal in \- this locality might be set at rest. Babnabdo's Homes.—In gratefully acknow ledging the receipt of a cheque representing contributions in aid of the funds received by the South Australian Register, Dr. Barnardo, on May 14, writes:—"How welcome such help as you have been enabled to transmit to me is will be seen from the fact that no fewer than 4,000 rescued boys and girls are now daily dependent upon our funds for maintenance, education, and industrial training. That our work continues to need the support of friends interested in the welfare of neglected children will be evident from the number of admissions of fresh oases during the (first four months of the present year, which have reached the total of about 600." The Axdine Hibtobt Case.—The whole of Tuesday was occupied at the Insolvency Court in hearing the insolvency case of Dr. W. F. Morrison, the publisher of the " Aldine His tory of South Australia. It will be remem bered that Dr. 'Morrison lost in the Local Court a test oase, whioh deoided his fortunes regarding the celebrated "Aldine History," and shortly afterwards he was adjudioatod insolvent. On Tuesday, at the adjourned final hearing, the solicitor laid charges against the insolvent, who, it was alleged, had offended against the insolvency law. Mr. Commissioner Russell, however, did not allow the oharges, and granted the insolvent a seoond-olass cer tificate, provisional for three months to allow foreign oreditors to oome in. Wobking Women's Trades Union.—A meeting of the Tailoresses' Branch of the Working Women's Trades Union was held in their rooms, Victoria-square, on Monday evening to consult on the best methods of guarding their interests against unfair or aggressive action, in accordance with the ob ject of the Union, viz., "Defenoe," The dis cussion was interesting, and some very useful information was contributed. Subsequently a conference of the sbirtmakers took place, and various suggestions were considered m view of preventing sweating in that branch of female industry. A number of the workers claimed to be enrolled as supporters of the demand for adult suffrage. S.A. Chahbeb of Manufaotubes.—The monthly meeting of the committee was held in the ISaBtern Annexe on Monday, May 15, there being present—Mr. J. J. Green (President), in the chair, Messrs. A. Adamson, J. Ander son, C. Clark, J. Duncan, L. Grayson, M.P., L. P. Lawrenoe, T. Hardy, G. Marks, G. Stace, and W. Clark (Secretary). A letter was received from Mr. J. R. Dodge, statistician of toe Department of Agriculture, Washing ton, America, forwarding information re the manufacture of water gas. An ana lysis received from Mr. G. Goyder, jun., of the saponaceous sand received from llurmah showed same to oonBist of "fine sand, with about one-fifth to one-tenth of hydrous silicate of magnesia, alumina, and iron. In reference to a request from the Victorian Chamber of Manufactures that this Chamber should pass a resolution—" That Parliament should be vested with power to levy differential duties in favour of Great Britain and the colonics," the Sec retary to the Attorney-General wrote stating that this power was not at present vested iu the Legislature of this province. Industrial Exhibition. — The Secretary stated that Lady Kintore had consented to allow a fan made from ostrich feathers pre sented to her at Port Augusta, and grown in that district, to be placed on view at the Exhi mtion. a special vote 01 tnanKB was passed to Lady Kintore for her kindness. The Jurors and Awards Committee reported that no com petitive exhibit in the Exhibition was of suffi cient value as the result of mechanical and inventive genius to warrant them in awarding the gold medal presented by Messrs. Steven son Brothers, and that same be held by the Chamber for twelve inonthB with the wiew of adding a sum thereto in the hope that some invention or industry of sufficient value to deserve the award might be introduced to the publio during that period. Mr. J. L. Seed wrote requesting that a dynamo made by him might be tested, in order that it might compete for the special prize of £5 5s. offered for the best dynamo to be made in South Australia. On the motion of Mr. J. Duncan it was decided that Mr. Reed beaesistedif possibleinthemannerdesired. The Gawler Brass Band wrote offering its services to the committee, but owing to all arrange ments having been made the offer was not accepted. Several protests against awards made by Jurors were received and dealt with. The Secretary reported that a large number of entries had been received for the competition in cookery for ladies, and arrangements were made for providing the necessary staging accommodation. Steel Pipes to Connect Reservoirs—A New Industry.—The Government have given the Engincer-in-Chief instructions to prepare at onoe the preliminary surveys and drawings for connecting the Beetaloo Reservoir direct with the Barunga and Paskeville Reservoirs, as Mr. Oswald Brown's report confirmed the reports of the Engineer-in-Chief that the draught on the leading main now laid was so great before it reached these reservoirs that it wbb impossible to maintain the necessary supply of water in them. The new mains are to be of steel, because if made of oast iron the work would be enotmously costly. The size of the mains will be designed so that there cannot at any future time be a failing of the supply. There is therefore no danger of the original mistake of putting down too small a leading main being repeated. Surveys are needed, because the very best line of route must be chosen for these light pipes, so that advantage may be taken to the full in the matter of cost. The thickness of the various portions of the main cannot be decided until the levels of the route have been ascertained end carefully plotted. The making of these steel mains will be practically a new industry 1 iu the colony. The pipes will require very careful handling during construc tion, and considerable accuracy will be needed in carrying out the work. Experiments have already been made at the Waterworks Yard to show what strains : the pipeB will bear, and as it will be essential that those who get the contract for the work should have the neocssary machinery to carry it out properly it would be well for intending 1 tenderers to obtain details regarding the machinery, so that when the work is put into the market, which it is expeoted to be m aboub eight weeks' time, they may be in a position to tender with some amount of aocuraoy. There are already two establishments in Melbourne and one in Sydney where these light steel pipes are made, and a oonsiderable shipment of similar pipes was received from England a short time ago for Tasmania, where they have j since been fixed. There are certain specially constructed punoliing machines and also rolling or bending machines required both for making the pipes and the various sections " which have to be attached to them. Vital Statistics.—Thenumberof births and deaths registered in the General Register Offioe during the week ended Saturday, June C, were:—Births, 84 males, 83 females; 1 deaths, 45 males, 37 females; total, 1G7 births, 82 deaths; excess of births, 85. The District of AdelaideBirths, 22 males, 19 females; deaths, 14 males, 10 females; total, 41 births, 24 deaths; excess of births, II. The Commissioner of Crown Lands on Federation.—The lion. W. Copley (Commis sioner of Crown Lands) has promised to deliver an address at Gladstone on Friday, June 26, on the subject of federation. Mr. Copley re ceived a (letter from the Mayor of Gladstone asking him to lecture, and suggesting that arrangements should be made for addresses on the subject being given in some of the leading townships. Northern Territory Lighthouses.—-The two lighthouses for the Northern Territory which were approved of by the Marine Board some time ago are now in course of construc tion, but it will be quite twelve months hence before the lights will be exhibited. The light houses will be on Charles Point and Point Emery, the position of the former being ap proximately lat. 12° 23' 20" S„ long. 130°37' E. The tower is to be built of iron ana painted red and white inhorizontal bands, and thefooalplane of the light is to be 121 feet above high, water, and the light in ordinary weather will be visible eighteen miles. One light is to be of a first order, revolving every thirty seconds over an are of 257°. The Point Emery tower will be of masonry, the focal plane being 56 feet above high water, with the bghtvisible fourteen miles. The light is to be of the third order fixed, and will show over an are of 118°. To facilitate the entranoe to the Port Darwin Channel it is proposed to fix a small jetty light visible about four miles. Messrs. Chanoe Brothers, of lighthouse-building fame, are superintending the emotion of these lights. Found Drowned.—It was reported to ths police at Port Adelaide on Monday morning that the body of a man was floating in the Company's Basin. Constables Shell and McKay at once proceeded to the spot and removed the body to the Port Morgue, where it was identified as that of. a seaman named Oscar Rudlebeck. Deceased was a seaman on the schooner Mary Webster, trading between Port Adelaide and Port Fine. He had been missing since June 5, when the matter was reported to the police. Enquiries were made, and the basin was dragged, but without any result. It was afterwards stated that the man bad shipped in one of the oversea vessels leaving Port Adelaide at about that date, and further enquiry was considered unnecessary. The man was last seen alive on Robinson Bridge at about noon on June 5. An inquest was held on Monday afternoon, when an open verdict was returned. Port Adelaide Milkmen.—The adjourned meeting of milkmen of Port Adelaide and suburbs was held at the Fort Admiral Hotel on Monday morning. Mr. Chapman pre sided over a good attendance. The Chairman reported the progress made at the previous meeting. Mr, Lewis thought that the time was not quite oppoitune to adopt the new scale of charges. He proposed as an amendment that fid. a quart all round be the price. The amendment found no seconder. Mr. Noble thought that the charge of 3d. a pint and 5d. per quart would rather be favouring those who could afford to purchase quarts. He proposed a further amendment that the price be 3d. per pint and 6d. per quart. Mr. H. Draper seconded the amend ment. The amendment was lost and the original prices agreed upon. It was decided on a motion of Mr. Wood that the dairymen of Port Adelaide and suburbs form themselves into a Dairyman's Association. Mr. Lewis ]x>inted out that an Association had been formed some time ago, and some that were at ine Deaa ot it were rne means ot it tamng through. He did not see his way clear to join. The motion was carried. The election of officers resulted as follows:—Chairman, Mr. Chapman ; Secretary, Mr. Ford; Treasurer, Mr. Fewing; Committee, Messrs. Wood, Deslandes, Wheeler, Noble, and Pilmore, Mrs. Cooper, and the officers. The names of those willing to join the Association were then taken. A vote of thanks to the Press concluded the meeting. The Intercolonial Steamship Service. The wharfs at Port Adelaide presented lively and business-like appearance on Monday when in addition to the regular traders there were several oversea vessels which had been brought to port by the late southerly winds, and three steamers—Gabo, Age, and Barra bool—belonging to Messrs. W. Howard Smith and Sons, Limited. The aggregate tonnage of these steamers is 3,739 tons, and they will discharge and load 7,000 tons of cargo. This same firm had a steamer at Port Pirie last week, and the Gabo and Fiado will be there this week. The firm is allowing considerable energy in the shipping business, and although their steamers only eommenoed to run in Spencer's Gulf recently there is now a regular service. Found Dead.—It was reported to the Nor wood Police Station early on Saturday morning by Mrs. Charlotte Jones, of Osmond - terrace, Norwood, that her son Thomas had found an old man named John King dead in his bed at his residence, Osmond-terrace. The police were informed that the man, who was seventy-six years of age, was very feeble, and it was Mrs. Jones's habit to send him in a cup of tea every morning, and as the boy had been sent as usual with the tea on Saturday morning he found King dead. No doctor had attended him for some time. From letters found in his box it has been ascertained that he has a daughter at Broken Hill and a son at Mount Bryan. A post-office order enclosed in a letter sent him by a nephew and dated from Bondi, New South Wales, was found in the house. The Coroner deemed an inquest un necessary. Victorian Poultrv and Dog Socibtv,—The Society's fifteenth annual Show of dogs, poultry, pigeons, canaries, cage-birds, and cats will be held at the Melbourne Exhibition on August 12 to 15. Over £1,000 has been ex pended in cups, trophies, and prizes. Ad ditional particulars can be found in another column. Field Naturalists' Meeting. —Themonthly meeting of the Field Naturalists' section of the Royal Society was held on Tuesday evening at the Public Library. Mr. S. Dixon presided over a fair attendance. A letter was read from Mr. C. C. Cornish, who called attention to the wanton destruction of our ornamental waterfowl, and offered to assist in introducing legislation to protect them. The letter was referred to the Fauna and Flora Protection Committee. Mr. J. G. O. Tepperl F.L.8., exhibited an interesting case of Northern Territory insects collected by Dr. Stirling for the Museum ; specimens of the paper wasp and their nests from Wentworth, some moths _ of the Glems Apina, and _ a collection of honey bees and their enemies. Mr. W. C. Grasby read a paper on the Corn stock Mines at Virginia City, Nevada, U.S.A., and the Colorado Smelting and Reduction Works. Hedescribed theformation of thogreat Comstock lodeand the surrounding country, and gave an account of his visit to the Con-Vir. Sinia Mine, which was formerly managed by Ir. W. H. Patton. He then explained the two processes of smelting at Denver and Pueblo, making special reference to the method pursued at the Argo Works. .The paper was illustrated by specimens of ores from various American mining centres, and diagrams show ing the geological formation of the Washoe District, in which the Comstock Mine is situated. A rote of thanks to Mr. Grasby terminated the proceedings. Death of a Pioneer.—Another pioneer has joined the great majority in the person of Mr. Ambrose Edward Vardon (father of the Mayor of Hindmarsh, Mr. J. Vardom J.P.), whose death took place at Hindmarsh on S unday night last, at the advanced age of seventy-six. The deceased was a colonist of fifty-two years, having arrived in South Australia with his wife and one child on December 19, 1839. He resided for a shoit time in North Adelaide, and then finally settled at Hindmarsh, where he has lived ever sinoe. Although not a pro minent man he always took a lively interest in all public questions, and in the early days of the colony played an active part during the agitation against State aid to religion, and until within the last few years showed great interest in political matters. He was one of the founders of the Loyal Hindmaish Dodge of Oddfellows (M.U.), and for many years filled the positions of Secretary and Lecture Master, ana on his retirement from these offices he was the reoipient of an illuminated address. He leaves four sous, four daughters, forty-five grand children, and three great-grandohildren. Slight Industrial Dibfute.—A slight hitch in the working at the yard of Mr. Jenkins, shipwright, Birkenhead, occurred at the latter end of last week. Mr. Jenkins has recently acoepted a contract to lengthen the ketch Elsie, and it is expected that this will extend over the greater part of the winter. Not wishing to oommenoe the work, and then in the probability of any labour difficulty having to leave it partly finished, Mr. Jenkins wished the men employed by him to sign an agreement pro mising to stand by him till the work was finished. No mention of freedom of contraot or wages was made. The men at (first ob jected to come to such an understanding. They stated that there were some mem bers of the Shipwrights' Association who were not financial on the books of the Society, and that if they did not pay up they intended to blackball them. By signing they - would not be able to carry their ends. The men did not sign, and Mr. Jenkins, not willing to undertake the work under such oonditions, on Thursday dismissed the men. It appears, however, that the difficulty about the non financial members was _ settled, and on Monday morning the men signed as agreement with Mr. Jenkins, promising to carry the work through. This will guarantee the men some months'employment, and it is not the intention of Mr. JenkinB to make any altera tions whatever in hours or wages. The Late Mrs. Egge. — The Federal Standard announces the death, at Went wortb, at the age of 50 years, of Mrs. Egge, wife of Mr. John Egge, the well-known Murray trader. Mrs. Egge was bom in Devonshire, spent her early days at Goolwa and Hindmarsh Island, and lived for thirty years in Wentworth, where she was highly respected. The funeral was attended by 200 friends, and the service read by the Rev. J. Scharkie, the WeBleyan minister. Obituabt.—We regret toannounoe the death at his residenoe. Woodlands, Edwardstown, on Wednesday, Juno 17, in liia eiglity-ninth year, of Mr. Alfred Weaver, tut old and a highly respected colonist of fifty-two years. He arrived in Holdfast Bay in March, 1839, in the ship Katharine Stewart Forbes (Captain Fell, commander). He turned his attention to agricultural and pastoral permits, and was the first to take out aheep on Yorke's Peninsula, and settled at Weaver's Lagoon, near Stans bury, but sold out just prior to the Melbourne gold diggings in 1862. He never took any promifc^ot part in public matters, although requested tostaud for member for several districts on various occasions. He was a great Bupporter and help to the late Sir R. R. Torrens in passing the Real Property Act. He was also a great advocate for the pro tection of native industries and local manufac tures, and thirty years ago published a small pamphlet called " Our Tariff," setting forth its various advantages. He lived to see the reward of his labours, though at the time be lost many friends by advocating the cause. He has left a widow, one eon, and three daughters—one single and two married—Mrs. W. F. Wiaoey, Gawler, and Mrs. E. Clement, Parkside. The Late Mb. D. C. F. Moodie.—R'ews has been received (says the Cape Argus of April 4) of the death of Mr. D. C. F. Moodie, which took place at sea, near Teneriffe. Mr. Moodie was voyaging homewards by the Dane. Mr. Moodie was a direct descendant of the Earl of Mar, and prided himself in having in his veinB the bluest blood in Sootland. He was a most sociable, gonial, unassuming gentle man of strong Bohemian proclivities, and rather eccentric, but thoroughly good hearted, being no ones enemy but his own. Possessed of much native wit, and a facility for writing in a humorous satirical vein, his literary effusions were always well worth reading for their peculiar style and originality. Old Portonians will remember well when he first came here some seventeen years ago fresh from elephant hunting in Africa. His stout strong figure, dressed in hunting cos tume, which he was then fond of wearing, made him an identity. He secured a position in the Customs, and shortly afterwards lost some valuable papers while jumping into the Port River to save the life of a drowning man. He lost his position in the Civil Service, and attributing it to the above accident became as bitter against the authorities as his kindly nature would per mit, and this feeling partly led to his estab lishing the Porlonian, a satirical journal, the writing in which was characteristic of him Thoroughly loyal, he conceived the romantic idea of walking over to Melbourne to publicly chastise a journalist who had written an article disparaging the Queen. For this Quixotic feat he was presented with a memorial walking stick, ana in company with a Zulu attendant walked from Melbourne to Adelaide in fifteen days. His published account of the ex pedition created much amusement at the time. Mr. Moodie removed the Porlo nian to Adelaide, and his office became the regular resort for litterateurs of his own kidney. Generous to a fault, he was lavish with his money when he had any, and consequently was nearly always in difficulties. On one occasion, when examined before the Local Court on an unsatisfied judgment, Mr. Moodie wittily described bis income as being derived from the fees paid him whenever he was served with an unsatisfied judgment summons, and remarked that the more frequent these services the better his financial position. The deceased gentleman published "The Wars and Battlefields of South Africa," and a volume of poems entitled " Under the Southern Cross," both of which works contained some clever compositions. Hie jovial, careless spirits were contagious, and he made hosts of friends ill Adelaide who will regret his death. ThePsofosfd Aota bottc Expedition. —The Honorary Secretaries of the South Australian Branch of the Royal Geographical Society of Australasia have been informed by telegram from Baron Sir F. von Mueller that the following message has been received from Stockholm, Sweden, in reply to enquiry as to oost of the proposed Swedish-Australasian Antarctic Exploring Expedition:—"Baron Nordenskjold declares £l5,000amply sufficient; £5,000 is found here (Stockholm). Please inform me if you mean to say that £10,000 has been found in Australia,—Lsvexseapet." The Late Mbs. Gosse.—The Into Mri. Gosse, whoso death is announced c lsewhere, arrived in the culony in 1851 with her late husband. Dr. Goase, and six children. Dr. Goase was a most popular and loading physician in Adelaide during the fifties, sixties ana seventies, and bis gentle lady was a well known and muoh-loved figure in society during those decades. Within the last eleven years she lost her husband and four sons, Mr. David Grant Gosse, Mr. William Christie Gosse (who was a well-known explorer and aUo Deputy Surveyor- General). Sir. Henry Gosse, and Dr. Charles Gosse, who will be well re membered, and whose death, which was deeply regretted, oocurred from a carriage aocjdent some six years ago. Her two daughters, Mrs. Alexander Hay (of Linden) and Mrs. Melville, widow of the late Mr. Alexander Melville, and eight grandohildren survive her. Central Board of Health.—At the meeting of the Board held on Tuesday, Jane 16, Dr. Morrison reported in reference to the recent death at Glenelg from typhoid fever that he believed the deceased brought the disease from Melbourne. With regard to smallpox in Mauritius the Board considered it unnecessary to recommend the proclamation of Mauritius under the Quarantine Act, beoause only sailing vessels arrive thence at Fort Ade laide, and they occupy more than twenty-one days on the voyage. It was, however, deter mined to instinct the Health Ofiioer at the Fort to exercise special care in dealing with vessels arriving from Mauritius. _ As to the breach of the quarantine- regulations by two Orlando offioers who boarded the Shannon, the Chief Secretary considered the circumstances were hardly likely to occur again, and the F. and O. captain was most to blame for per mitting the officers to board before the Health Officer. Tatiara Local Board was told to deal with State schools precisely as it would with private schools, and Morgan Board advised it could not compel earlier burial of a typhoid body, which was kept till the fourth day. The Board approved of the precautions adopted at Saddleworth on the recent outbreak of diphtheria. Three casees of typhoid were reported, one at Portland Estate, one at Pros pect, and one -at Glynde; precautionary measures had been taken in each instance. The infections disease mortuary-book showed ten deathB reported during the week, viz.:— One from typhoid fever at Hindley-street; one from diphtheria at College Town, one at Burton, one at Gawler, one at Saddleworth, one at the Adelaide Hospital (usual residence Payneham), one at Parkside, one at Prospeot, and one at the Children's Hospital (usual residence Norwood). A Blow and its Consequences.—Long sittings in the Law Courts seem to be the rule now. Mr. Justice Bundey and a Jury were occupied the whole of Thursday in hearing an action for damages in the Local Court arising out of a row at the Morphett Vale Baoeoourse. The claim was for £300, damages for a wounded jaw. The plaintiff, a young man named Corbett, was struck by Walter MaUen, one of the riders in a trotting matoh, for alleged in sulting language. There was a good deal of conflicting evidence heard, and thiB, with the addresses of oounBel, ran the case well into the evening. The Jury found for plaintiff, damages £250. The Govebnoe as Special Refobteb.— In the Assembly on Wednesday the Hon. J. L. Parsons gave notice of motion—"That an address be presented to His Excellency the Governor praying His Exoellency to lay before this House a copy of the memorandum written by him for the information of Minis ters with referenoe to the Northern Terri tory." The Railway Sebvioe Association.—On Thursday the annual business oonferenoe was continued. Most of the day and all of the evening sitting were taken up in considering and revising the rules. It was decided to send a telegram to Messrs. H. C. Hoyle and W. F. Schey, the President of the New South Wales Railway Senate, congratulating them upon their election to Parliament, and a mes sage was also sent to the Sydney Trades and Labour Council congratulating them upon their victory in the elections. A resolution was carried expressing regret that owing to the lateness of the hour at the dinner Mr. J. C. B. Monorieff was unable to speak upon the superannuation question as he in tended doing, and intimating that the Council would be glad to hear him at some future time. During the afternoon a deputation waited upon the Railway Commissioners with referenoe to several matters affecting the welfare of the members of the Association. All the evening session, which was held with Mr. H. Adams in the chair, was taken up in considering the rules, which were revised mid some minor amendments made. The salary of the Treasurer and Minuto Secre tary was iixed at £7. Safety of the Pbovince.—The Government Gazette of June 18 contains the following:— "Regulations of traffic into the ports of the province of South Australia, and for the safety and defence of the said province:—1. That no foreign vessel of war or transport be allowed to proceed up the Port River, or enter the harbours of Port Pirie or Port Augusta, with out the permission of His Excellency the Governor and Commander-in-Chief. 2. That not more than two Russian vessels of war be permitted to be present in any South Aus tralian port, or anchorage, at the same time, and that notice of the coming of such vessels shall be previously forwarded to His Exoellenoy the Governor and Commander-in-Chief. 3. That not more than one transport or hired vessel of any kind, carrying troops of any foreign Power be admitted at one time into any South Australian port, and that notioe of the coming of such vessel shall be previously for warded to His Excellency the Governor and Commander-in-Chief. 4. That no armed parties belonging to a foreign Power be allowed to land in any part of the province for any purpose whatever. C. That no unarmed parties be allowed to land for drill or exercise without the permission of His Exoellency the Governor and Commander-in-Chief." The Obigin of God. — Wo have reoeived from the author a pamphlet upon " A Divine Inspiration of the Nineteenth Century revealing theOriginof God," by Theo. Gurn, of Gladstone. The author discusses earnestly the question of thespiritual relationship between God andman, and the mystery of the fall in its effects upon that relationship. " Man's expulsion from the garden was the fruit of disobedience; but God's great loving heart followed him, and He knew that by expelling him He was patting him in position for that grand scheme of redemption which JesuB Christ was to put in foroe. . . . Christ's body was the substance containing the element of life whioh was favourable to the existence of a redeemed world. Satan's evil spirit dwelling in the heart of man was the element of destruction which was brought to bear on that of life. This latter element, although not powerful enough to destroy tho former, yet by d estroying Christ's natural body the life within Him was enabled to take root in the heart of man." The pamphlet con cludes with personal experiences of the author and the process bv which he was led to give up his work as a farmer and devote himsBU to evangelistic labour. 