LOCAL AND GENERAL. I Discharged. — The old saying that, ' When the drink 's in the wit 's out,' was exemplified at the Police Court yesterday morning, when a man named Thomas Dowling was charged with being drunk and disorderly. The P.M. admonished the man in kindly terms and bade him go. A School Case. — At. the Police Court yesterday morning, before- the P.M., Mr. Cusack, the Truant Officer, tlgUlLldb .rxuiua Av'UlU 1UI neglecting to pay 12s 4d, school fees due by him. The summons had not-, been served on defendant and Mr. .Grahani decided to adjourn the case. Picturesque Atlas. — Mr.- A. F. Brown, Secretary of the company publishing the Pictureque Atlas in Sydney, has written us in reply to a paragraph which appeared' in our. Tues day's issue. ' The letter being distinctly an advertisement can only appear in our business columns. ? The- Murray Murderers. —Captain Battyo yesterday received a wire l'roin the police at Yass stating that two aboriginals, supposed to be identical with Willie and. Jack, the absconders from Benalla, and believed to be the same who committed the outrage at Dora Dora, were seen last night near Binalong. The Goddard - Lees Fight. — The glove fight at. Charters Towers on Saturday night between Goddard, of Broken-Hill, and TonvLcos, of Charters Towers, which was stopped by the police, and which the referee ordered ta be fought out on Tuesday night, did not come off. Lees failed to appear and the fight was therefore awarded to Goddard. The Divine Sara.— Mde: Bernhardt left for Melbourne yesterday by the 5 o'clock express: In order to avoid . the inconvenience of a too nearly arrival, in the Victorian capital Mr. Abbey has arranged that Mme. Bernhardt'.? car.shnll be switched off at Albury. She will rest there until 10 a.m., and will go on by special train due in Melbourne at 4.15 p.m. on Thursday. Some of the luggage, of which there are 13 truck loads, 'has been already sent on, and the scenery will probably be sent specially. Tiie ???Travelling- .Dairy.— The work dono at - the Travelling Dairy yesterday was as follows : — The lady pupils pre pared butter for Bradford's patent one pound {printing press and put through about 45lb., the separation of cream with the new Danish and Laval Baby Separa tors. Within one hour from the time the churn was set in operation till it was ready for printing, 501b of butter was prepared; Cheese making was carried on in the afternoon, and altogether a very successful day's work was done. The Late Strike.— From a return laid upon the table of the Assembly it is ascertained that the amounts paid to members of the police force in Sydney for. extra duties and expenses incurred during tho lato strike were as follows : — Two superintendents received £50 each, while 1(5 inspectors, sub-inspectors and other officers were paid £25 each. The sergeants and constables in tho metro politan district who performed extra duties in Sydney received 2s per diem. Sergeants and constables belonging to the metropolitan and country districts who were detailed for duties at the collieries received Gs per diem when supplied. The detectives were paid 3s per diem, and officers in the country districts on special service received the usual travelling allowances when notsupplied with rations. Death of an Old Colonist. — The death is anounced of Mr. John Car ruthers, father of the Hon. J. H. Carruthers, Minister of Public Instruc tion. Mr. Carruthers was a colonist of old standing, having arrived in Sydney in 1833. For many years he took an active part in public affairs, and was prominently identified with the anti transportation agitation and other efforts to promote the welfare of the colony. He filled the office of clerk of the George-street Markets for two periods of service, and at the time of his death was the oldest member, of the Union Benefit Society, having joined it in 1838. Of his other sons, one is the Rev. J. E. Carruthers, of West Maitland ; another, Mr. A. G. Carruthers, is Mayor of Rock dale ; and the eldest, Mr. H. Carruthers, is in the Railway Department. Professional Cricketing.— Charley Bannerman stood in the dock at the Central on Tuesday, and owned up that he had not paid up an order of the court made against him for his wife's support because business in tho profession was so bad. ' What profession are you ? ' asked Mr. O'Malley Clarke. 'I'm a professional cricketer,' said Charley. But cricket's off now,' said the magistrate. ' Yes, and its been off for some time, sir,' replied the ex-champion; 'but if you give me a week I will see what I can do.' He was remanded for a week, bail allowed, self in £50 'and surety of a like amount. Nominated Immigrants. — Sir Henry Parkes laid upon tho table of the As sembly on Tuesday a report from Mr. G. F. :: Wise, agent for immigration, for 1890\. ? Operations underthe regulations have been confined to the nomination of wives and their children by husbands, being residents in the colony, who have obtained certificates of good character from either a clergyman or magistrate. The number of immigrants landed were . 376, being equal to 279 statute adults, 55 being single men, 132 wives and single women and 189 children under 12 years. Tho amounts paid by immigrants on: account of passages. was £87G. State Ownership. — One of the members for Carcoar, Mr. John Plumb, on Tuesday submitted for consideration i in tho Assembly, on Juno 1G, the following motion relating to State j ownership of metals and minerals : — ? ' That in tlie opinion of this House it is expedient in the public interest that the Government bring, in a bill to vest in the State the ownership of all metals and: minerals whatsoever below the surface of all lands which have been alienated or are to be alienated in the future, and to declare the owners of alienated lands are entitled to only surface rights.' ?In Parliament.— Last night the Premier made the promised Ministerial statement,' which, much to the surprise of many of his followers, did not provide for the. consideration of the Federation Bill, for which a short time ago Sir Henry was prepared to sinlcall questions of mere provincial policy,' and in which not even passing reference was made to the fiscal question. At the conclusion of Sir Henry Parkes' speech Mr. Dibbs moved a vote of censure on the Govern ment-, which will be debated to-day. In accordance with the usual practice the Premier at onco moved the adjournment of the House. A Conference. — Tho agent of tho Australian Shearers' Union at Sydney has: written to the head office as follows : \- — 'I have interviewed some of the leading pastoralists and they seem anxious to arrive at some understanding, and negotiations are proceeding for a conference with them. The reports to hand from Queensland are very encouraging. Notwithstanding all the severity of Mr. Justice Harding the men' are still undismayed and can win yet, and the pastoralists know it. A vole of sympathy was also carried by the Trades Council here, who also pledge themselves i to redouble their efforts on behalf of the Queensland men. We are going to hold a public demonstration to protest against tlie judgment given. A Lucky Family. — An advertise ment in the Vienna Gazette informs four persons named Schuberth, residing in Vienna, that they are heirs to over-four millions sterling, by the death of Joseph Schuberth, piano manufacturer of Phila delphia. The history of the deceased is most interesting. Ho left Vienna some 50 years ago, at the age of 19, almost penniless, and against the wishes of'liis parents. They were small inn keepers* who had come to Vienna with the army of the first. Napoleon. Twenty years after he left Vienna Joseph Schu berth wrote to his relatives stating that he had commenced life in America as a common labourer, but that at the time mentioned lie had risen to be the owner of a piano factory, employing hundreds of hands. Since that time nothing further had been heard of him . till the appearance of the advertisement inform ing the only four surviving- members of his family of the fortune left to them. 