home and foreign notes. The issue of the Vienna Jewish journal, "Die Neuzeifc," of the 4th ult., was confiscated by the police, owing to the publication of an article in which the authorities considered the Czar of Russia was held up to ridicule. A Bavarian military band which took part in an ovation given to Prince Bismarck at Kissingen by anti-Semitic students has been . peremptorily ordered back to Regensburg. The band was severely censured by the colonel of the regiment, and in consequence of orders from high quarters a stop has been put to the concert tour. At a fire which took place in the barracks at Konigstein (Saxony), a soldier named Israel, belonging to the 102nd Infantry Regiment, rescued the little son of the surgeon-in-chief at the imminent "risk of his own life. While descending the fire-escape it broke, and' to avert injury to the child he held him high in his arms, while he himself fell to the ground severely injured. It is feared that it will be a long time before the brave soldier can recover. Palestine.—Baron Edmond de Rothschild's support to the agricul tural colonies in Palestine is not confined to supplying the material wants of the settlers. At Safed the Baron has established a school, which is so successful that M. Elie Scheid, of Paris, his almoner, who recently inspected the school, has found it necessary to increase the number of classes. • Two of the most advanced pupils have been placed in the Technical Department of the Lionel de Rothschild School in Jerusalem. A cokrespondent writes:—"Considerable surprise has been awakened at the recent appointment of Herr Samuel Cohen, of Copenhagen, to the office of Russian Vice-Consul, for Herr Cohen is no other than an immigrant Russian Jew ! How is this move of the Czar's to be explained ? If the Jews in Russia are subjects only to be despised, suppressed and driven out, one wonders why a Russian Jew residing at Copenhagen .should be singled out to represent Russian affairs. But perhaps the Czar cannot always afford to be consistent, and finds it expedient sometimes to take the best man who offers for a position. About twenty years ago Samuel Cohen left Russia, in "company with his elder brother, for the hospitable shores of Denmark. They founded a small business at Copenhagen ; fortune smiled up6n their industry, and they soon extended their business to such, dimen sions that for s6me years past the firm has victualled all Russian ships which landed in the harbour of the Danish capital. When the elder brother died, a few years!ago, he left a considerable fortune." ■ The Jewish colony, " Rosh Pinah," Palestine, was recently honoured by a visit from Aziz Pashi, the Vali of Boyruth, accom panied by the Pasha of Akko. The distinguished guests on their arrival were welcomed with songs in Hebrew and Arabic by the children of the colonists.- At the banquet which followed, Mr. Scheid, the representative of Baron Edmond de Rothschild, delivered an address, in which he dwelt on the tolerant spirit in which the Turkish Government hnd always acted towards the .1 ews. In conclusion he gave the toast of the Sultan, the Grand Vizier, and the Vali. In reply, the Vali proposed the toast of Baron de Rothschild, and expressed the hope that- happiness and prosperity might crowir-the labours of the Jews in Syria. The little colony " Mishmar ha Yarden" is making rapid "progress. In the place of the old thatched cottages, substantial stone houses are being built, and the grape culture along the slopes of the neighbouring hills has already-been attended with marked success. The colonists at " Rosh Pinah " are building a handsome synagogue, a school and a hospital. The civil engineer, Mr. Temkin, director of the Jaffa Executive Committee, embarked for Europe on the 14th October. Mr. Temkin will travel to his native place, Eliifibetgrad, Russia, thence he will visit Western Europe, and subsequently he will return with his family to his official post at Jaffa. 