IKTEItCOLOHIAL NEWS. (mon oop own coit respondents. ) 8tdnet, May 29. La Frances, tho largost sailing shin afloat, arrlvod to-day at Nowoastio from Volparaieo. Owing to tho ebxenco' from town of tbo Premier, who left by spoolal train for Cooma as soon ns the Hoaso roso last night, matters political are at a standstill, and are likely to remain so till the return of Sir Honry Parkos on Monday. Ilo is to spoak both to-night and to-morrow night at Cooma, but it is not sup posed that ho will tnako any dofiaito state- mont until ho has oonsultod with his ool- loaguos. Later. Speaking ot a publio mooting at Cooma to night Sir llonry Parkos justified tho notion of tho Govornmont in dofarring tho consideration of tho Fodoration Bill till after tho Looal Go vornmont and Elootoral Reform Bills had boon dealt with, on tho gronnds that owing to tha ill-fooling created by Mr. Raid's amendment it would be impoaeibfo to got the bill disoussod in a rational manner by tho Houeo till tho members had ooolod down that tho bills which had hoon givon prooodonoo wore of vast Importanoo to tho colon; \ audboaauso Parlia ment nood not have boon convoncd till August, so that it oould nob bo said that thoro was any aotuai aoiay. Stdnet, May 31. Thoro has boon no ohnngo In tho politioal situation since last Friday. Speculation Is rifo as to tho coareo that will bo adoptod by tho Govornmont. Somo pooplo inolino to thn belief that tho Govornmont will resign, and that his Exoollonoy will bo recommended to sond for tho Lnador of tho Opposition ; whilo othors aro of opinion that thn Honso will bo disiolvod. Sir Henry Parkos will return from Cooma to-morrow afternoon, and a Cabinet mooting will bo hold immediately afterwards to dooido upon what courso of aation tho Go vornmont will pursue. Shortly after midday on Saturday, two young mon natnert Jomes Steel and Arthur Bourno, whilo walking olong ClifT-atrcot, 8onth Itond, saw a man jump off tho rooks near tho Gap, and afterwards eaw hisbodr floating In -tho ocean. Thoy reported tho matter to tho polieo, and tho pilot stoamor wont round to tho spot indicated, but oould find nothing oxoopt a man's hat, whioh they roaovorod. A man auBWoring to the descrip tion of tho man who committed suioido wout down by tbo 11.39 train from Sydnoy, and ap- rail7al1 Ln tin iii flin Innfr .itina nt nAnanmn.l.H A young constabio namod O'Brion, whilo attempting to stop a runaway horsolu Georgo- Btroot on Saturday afternoon wub lcnoekod down, and received Intornal injurios. whioh rosuliod fatally to-day. Ilo wasasinglo man. and had only boon fn tho foroo about two months. m, Mf.ldoohne, May 29. . Marino Boatd to-day dooldod that Cop- Jain ICoor, of tho Crnighnrn, shonld bo charged before tho courtof marine inquiry with having by Mb dofault occasioned tho loss of tbo vessel, and having bbon incapaoitod by drunkonnois from tbo propor potform&nco; of his duty. Adelaidb, May 29. The Marino Board inquiry into tho stranding of tho Glttinh, at ICing«teu, on 12th May, ha beou olosod, and it was decided that tho stranding was duo tonogligonoa on tho partof tno chiof ofllcor in not fixing or recording ihu position of tbo vossol when finally anchoring. Iho board wore of opinion that tho master v/aa blamoablo in having an iuoxporioncod and un- initruotod apnrontico on watch all night. It was stated that thoro was no light on the blnpaolo. No material damage having boon stiKtainod by tbo vossol, it is not proposed to tako further action. Tho result of tho ballot taken by tho Port Augusta brauoh of the Amalgamated Shoarore' Union on tbo qooHtioti of tho mnmboro staying at homo until thoy are ongogod through tho union offico is rogardod as satiBfaotory, thoro bolng fully 05 poroont in favour of tbo motion. Tho union agents anticipate that tho shoon- ownors will havo somo difficulty in potting shearers to ahoar in oonsoquonco of tlio un- sottlod ototo of sbcariog maitors. Thooom- mlttco of tho branoh oxprOBBod tho deopoat oympathy with tho Queensland unionists. xiiroq aandrod and fifty cattlo havo boon nucocBefuliy inoonlatod against plouro-pnou- mn?Ja Lroni vrQB obtoinod from Brisbano. Tho Govornmont havo oablod to tho ooting Agont Genoral instructing him to support tlio request of Victoria to tho Admiralty that tho Australian squadron should oorao to tho oolo- nios by woy of Albany. Tho Govornor has fetat l?d,u tho 8oo:otory of States for tho toloniofl to tho aamo effeot. Thoro U now in Adolaldoa reprosentative of a Denmark journal in tho person ot M. Emil Opqaoa. Hi passport oliowa that ho has i t - . .7 . »«wni/4«u. iiiu UUIUl OOJUUl of hiB visit ia to inquire as to whotiior thoro is ai opening fur Danish immigration, it Govormnootof South Australia will tako tbo prohmfuarv stop of asking Parliament to ooaBidor tho Commonwealth Dill with a viow to suggesting any amondmont that may appear to thom wiso to adopt. Afterwards Parliament will bo asked whothor or not in thoir opinion anothor 1- odoral Conventiou should bo oallod tor tlio purpose of goiup ovor tbo bill again. It is Ptobablo that tho Govornmont will pro- poso that tho bill bo reforrod directly to tbo electors of tho provinoo for thom to voto " ayo" or no upon It The idoa of tho olootion of a convention, as propoaod in Quoonsland, to decide od tho morits of tbo bill is not rogardod rait In viow of tho political n'18? South IYaIps, and tho likelihood that tho disonablon on tho bill both in that colony and in Victoria will bo considorablv thi/ni ' th JI.tVti8try(lonofc Intonti to jiross gJSlra'SSfc x;B:iLya£rlsaxbU'hcdrra' a eooa tain(aUI»ropo«oaYremtUn"tthotn areas, whoro it was much wanted. .... , Hoiiaut, May 29. At tlo ftsnaftl moottos ot tlio Hobart Chom- bor of Commorco tho ohairman (Mr. Bursas uauor oi tno opposition) dealt at length with tho Commonwealth Bill. Ho stated tho tot before oommltting Tasmania to thJ wait tho results in tbo noighbourlog oolooios. Tho Hon. N.J i .a n3fPeh advocated federation, oxproasiog oqnfldonoo that the result would Pre bonofiolal to Tasmania. , w ntawrfff' , premier, has written to Sir B. Griffith urging htm to again bring before i ?'a' tho-mattor of pay- dotenoovoto CQ of- Wrtlon -of too iiSvIl H®ss«a,apJ!afirsras? II Uta Miwri 0 fraiat'on'hoB. total nnmb,r of natlras In tL co any tabo fait coMaa wa5 tekon f 120 Bln tha . 