TEE OTHER'fcsiDB OF . IMMIGRATION. Mr. Wm, Pettinger, writing to the Queenslander from Plainby on 27th May, says . Sir,-Having read a letter in your' paper about immigration, received by Mr. Randall from Mr. J. H. Butters, of this Patriot, I feel it to be my duty to give the other side of concerning the prospects and conditions of the farmers in this district. I. have been in the colony just about the same length of time that Mr. Butters has, and I am sorry that I cannot give such a glowing account of Queensland and this district. I came from about the same part of England as Mr. Butters did, and know perfectly well the condition of the people in those parts. Many of them might certainly be. better out here if they were sure of getting work, but at present this is indeed a very uncertain spec. The water, in his letter to Mr. Randall, points far too bright a picture of the state of the colony, especially at the present time, and his statements are likely to be very misleading to the agriculturists and farm labourers in England many of whom would be led to believe that Queensland must be a little heaven on earth and that all they would have to do would be to go out to Queensland, find out where Plainby is, and take up 160 acres of land, work on it for two years, and then they would be worth £400 or £500, and would also have the honour of employing men on their farms at from 12s. to 15s. per week. The writer said he never received less than £1. a week and " tucker" since he has been in the colony. Why, then, does he only give his employee from 12s. to 15s. a week with tucker ?" Are English- men as workers worth 8s. more than Scotch, men? Here is another view of farming at Plainby. A young man some four years ago was induced by Mr. Randall, immigration lecturer, to come out to Queensland. He did so, and was fortunate enough to get work soon after landing at £1 per week and tucker. Having saving a little money in England before leaving for the colony, he did not have to work long before he thought he had sufficient to help him tide over the difficulties that are first met with in selecting land for farming purposes in the outlying districts. This young man saw, in in the local papers that several 160 acre selections were to be thrown open for selection at Plainby, in the parish of Djuan; he visited them and resolved to lodge an application for No. 20, which was considered to be the best. There were eight other persons in for this same selection, but our young new chum proved the lucky man in the drawing.- He did not waste much time in getting on to his land, and almost immediately started felling scrub for the purpose of getting crops in. The season proved a dripping one, and the consequence was that the scrub would not burn and he had to stack some of it to get a couple of acres of maize in, which yielded but a very poor crop, in fact not enough to feed one horse upon. A five pound note would far more than cover all that he sold from his farm during the whole of that year. The next year he employed labour, felled more scrub, and the season being drier at burning time the Bomb burnt fairly well, and he and his man managed to put in about 18 acres of corn, which at- the most will not yield more than 1000 bushels. This, with a few tons of potatoes, will be the whole amount got from the farm this year ; a pretty fair yield, no doubt, but this season has been one of the best that has visited the district for years past. In fact, the season has been exceptionally good throughout the whole of the colony, so good that 2s. a bushel is the highest figure that can be got for maize. One thousand bushels of maize at 2s. per bushel will amount to £100; 4 tons of potatoes at £3 per ton will be £12 in all £112. Now, the cost of getting the maize and potatoes to market; The price charged by carriers to the nearest railway station is 1s. per bag. Taking four bushels to the bag will amount to 250 bags at Is., £12 10s.; carriage on the potatoes about £2 10s. After the corn is delivered to the nearest railway station by the carriers it will have to be taken thirty miles by rail before reaches the nearest market; this will cost another 6d. a bag, £0 6s.; man's wages for the year at 15s. a week, £89 ; boss's wages at £1 per week, £52; two men's rations sat 7s. a week each, £39. Adding all these little numbers together we have £151 5s.; £151 5s. from £112 won't go below. Certainly this farmer has improved his farm, but he will have to wait a good number of years before his farm will pay him well for the money first laid out on it. This is a true picture of the state of one of the most hard-working farmers on Plain by Mr. Butters says that it is selfishness of some people in the colony to want to stop immigra- tion for the purpose of keeping wages up. This is not a fact, as it is well-known that there are hundreds of good men in Queensland trying to get work and cannot, and there are also scores of men working on farms at 15s., and less than that, per week. It is quite reasonable, however, that when men become boss farmers they will like to keep wages' down." Then, again, there was far too much gloss shoved upon the shearers and their wages. Some of these men may earn £7 per week, but these are exceptional men (ringers) and how often do these men put in a full week at a time The least shower of rain stops the men from shearing. Another thing, the shearing only lasts for a few months in the year. The average wages of the shearer for the whole of the year will not amount to such a wonderful sum, and he is subjected to hardships unknown to men in other callings. There must certainly be a lot of numskulls in Queensland, if all the working t men who do not take up selections and become boss farmers are such. The writer makes no allowance for men with wives and five or six children. If he had such a family when landing he would, no doubt, have found matters a little different in this his land of Canaan. Furthermore, if the writer had been in the depot for fifteen weeks with a family, as I was, he might not have said so much about the beautiful sunshine, wonderful fruit trees, and grand country. Men that came by the same ship as I did were in the depot when I left, and the country was in a far more prosperous condition then than now. There are very few public works going on at present in the colony, and there are likely to be less. What will be the use of bringing people out here at the cost of £100,000 to the present colonists for the purpose of letting them look at one another ' It is the first four or five years on a homestead that a man has bards times; after that time he can generally pull along very well indeed. I are not a believer in assisted immigration, because I believe a better class of people with a little capital could be induced to come here. The Wombelano correspondent of the Hamilton (Vic.) Tribune reports that an epidemic among horses is raging in the district, no fewer than six valuable horses having died already, and several others been attacked. Some have recovered, others are still suffering from it. The first symptoms of the disease are a swelling under the ear just behind the jaw, and the sides of the animal are drawn in at the Bank. Some- times the horse is ravenous for food for about half an hour at other times it has not the least desire to eat, but stands about in moping fashion. The farmers of the district are at a lost to know how to treat the animals so as to affect a recovery. Advice has been received in New Zealand from England of the result of a shipment of 100 cases of apples to the London market sand from the colony in February last. The apples were packed in 40lb. cases, each apple being wrapped in specially prepared posit. The fruit sold at an average of 19s. 7d. but case, the net return being 12s. 4d. praise. The selling broker, however, scarcely (thinks these prices can be maintained. The New Zealand ' , Loan and Mercantile Agency Company are making inquiries as to the possibilities of opening up a market for apples in India. Frau Elisabeth Hoist, nee Heger, the ones famous actress at the Royal Theatre, Copenhagen, died at Copenhagen on the 8th April at the age of 79 years. Fra Hoist made her debut at the age of 16 at Emilie Galotli, and was for many years one of the most popular actors 1 at the Royal Danish Theatre, 