The meteorological conditions laat week were peculiar. A sootbeesterly wind prevailed till Ihureday when it set lu northerly, continuing till Saturday wben the sky became threatening and frequent short showers fell during the day and eveulbg, but there waa no thunderstorm. Sunday was a fine warm day with north west wlud. Io tbe even ing a heavy thunderstorm wltb brllllBOt display ol lightening passed to tbe north ward, but locally tbe sky remain clear tbrougb the night. A firb oocurred at a farmhouse occu pied by a man named Waldemar Jensen, situated near ibe Scrub Hill, on tbe Pialba road, on Sunday, November 15tb, by which tbe house and everything It contained was completely destroyed. Mr. Jensen was absent at the time, and tbe case Is a particularly bard one, aB be Is dow left utterly destitute. Perhaps some good Samaritan will lake tbe matter np aud enlist praotloal sympathy for the unfortunate loser. The R. M.S. Merkara arrived In Hervey's Bay early yesterday morning from London, via Northern ports. Tweuty Immigrants were on board for tbis towo and 10 for Bundaberg, wbo were brought up to (own by tbe Bteamer Muriel Bell. About 50 tooB of cargo was transhipped off tbe mall boat Into tbe steamer Hercules, which returned to tbe wharf yesterday afternoon, tbe Merkara resuming her voyage for Brisbane at noon. While engineers are constantly en deavouring to minimise time and apace, aud bring us nearer to our neighbours l-byainally, tbere are many other Inven tors (remarks tbe Globe) always at work to briug us Into cUraer mental connection with people ot otber tongues. Hence tbe universal languages of wbicb we hear so much for a short time, and which so soon perish or are forgotten. How muoh Volapiik was talked about a few years ago, aud bow little came of it ! It may be that no better fate awaits tbe latest adventure in this direc tion, the 'Universal Language' otone 'AgDUB,' lately published at Neai's Library, Paris. Briefly, tbe plan of 'Agnus' consists iu giving every idea a numerioai symbol by whlcii It may be known to tbe epeiker of tbe language. Thus, In tbe dictionary wbicb he bas drawn np, tbe word -'sun' in tbe Eng lish part is represented by tbe number 720\. In the French part the number 720 is plaoed against tbe word 'Boleil.' Consequently, if one wiBhes tn write a tetter to a Frenchman— the method, of course Is only intended for correspon dence—one will write tbe numbers cor responding to tbe words ooe wishes to employ ; and tbe Frenobman comparing tbem with hiB half of the dictionary, will translate them iuto hiB own language. I There are various minor rules and regu lations to be observed, tbe tnoBt import ant being that the use of idioms Is to be avoided, and tbe simplest language used. But it is to be feared tbat that is just where tbe ' Universal Language' will break down. It is impossible for tbe or dinary person to free himself from tbe use of idioms. In many cases they eeem ao natural to blm that be would not recogoise tbem as idioms at all unless j they were pointed out. And even if be j could thus ' de-Id iomatUe' himself it would be surely as simple to do bis trans lation by means of an ordinary French dictionary as to use tbis complicated ar rangement of numbers. We bave not mnch hope, therefore, tbat tbe latest ' UHlvereal Language' will prove more successful tban its predecessors. By tbe time a really eatisfactory code is decided upon, tbe whole world will probably, by a natural process wbicb is dally going on, bave got rid of all languagos but one. Let as hope that one may be English. A Berlin paper states that tbe Czar does not like having his photograph taken, especially when he bas to stand alone in f root of tbe camera, or is eub jeoted to the process unexpectedly or suddenly. A Danish photographer found tblB out recently. He bad taken up bis position on tbe road which leads from the castle to tbe station, near tbe Fern bane Hotel, In order wben tbe Czar took bis usual morning walk tn the station to catch bim, and to force blm in a sense to give him a sitting. Tbe Cert came, as luck would have It, quite alone, wben suddenly to his left beneard tbeoralnous click-olick of tbe instrument. He Imme diately turned eharply round, aa if tbe shadow of a danger bad crossed bis path, and saw 10 paces off tbe black camera, which, being dazzled by tbe eun, be evi dently did not at once recognise. Tbe Czar's face was whiter tban an apron : tbe stiob wbicb shortly before he bad been carelessly waving In tbe air fell from bis grasp, and be trembled like a frightened fawn In tbe face of sudden fright. But then, as if by a sudden determination of will, be collected him self, and bb the photographer came fortb from behind bis box with a bumble re quest, be gave bim a look wbicb made the young man tremble, and tbe words died on bis lips. 'Jamais,' hissed the Czar between bis testb, picked up his stick and hurried back to tbe castle, a a group of children running to meet him. In tbelr midst be most likely soon n« gained blB composure. The photographer returned by tbe next train to Gopenhagen, He was very near fainting, tbe poor fellow, and for bait an bour nearly lost the power of speech, suob an Impression bad tbe Czar's enraged looks and bis Im perious ' Jamais' made upon bim. A private letter from Arnoy wbicb recently reached New York gives au ex tract from a speeob delivered by Tsin CblD Chung, Governor of the proviuce. Tsin Chin Cbung was called npou to respond to tbe toast, ' Tbe Emperor of China.' In part be said : ' It Ib diffioult for a European to appreciate tbe breadth and depth ol meaning of tbe toast to tbe Chinese mind. It includes the family, language, race, nation, and crown. It Includes literature, law, morals, and tbe history of SO ceuturieB. China, having followed Its own principles of advanee went during more tban 6000 years, is now compelled to change aud move along io European channels, It has begun to own steamships aud railways. Its tele graph now oovers every proviuce. It has at last mills, forges, and foundries like iboBe of Pittsburg. China Ib to-day learn ing that lesson In education which Europe bae obliged her to learn— tbe art of killing, tbe sclenoe of armies and navies. Woe then to tbe world If tbe eobolar, perfecting ber leBson, abould apply It In turn ! With Its freedom from debt, its Inexhaustible resources and it* teaming millions, this empire mlgnt be a menace, if not tbe destroyer of Chris tendom. No matter what happens, it needs no prophetic gift to know that tbe twentieth oeutury will see China at the forefront of tbe nations of tbe world In tbe east and America iu tbe west. Well may we pray tbat for tbe welfare of humanity their purpose will be aa peace ful aud upright bb It |g to-day,' 