BRITISH AND FOREIGN MEMS. In the glassworks of Forster one million bottles have been manufactured for the reception of Dr. Koch's lymph. The Minister of the Interior has given instructions that even ready money bettors on racecourses in France will from henceforth be arrested. - Mr. Benjamin Davis, an aged collier at Mountain Ash, recently received an intimation 'that his Bister in America had died and left him £20,000. Somebody with a turn for statistic! has ascertained that 75,000 women are at the present time earning their living as type-writerB in the United States. The German girls are beginning to complain that American and, English girls sent to Germany for education are encroaching upon their matrimonial preserves. Lidy Monckton, who achieved some success as an actress, has now gone into the more prosaic business of shopkeeping. She has Btarted a furniture shop in Fulham. An International Labor Congress juBt sitting at Madrid has passed a resolution in favor of a general Btrike tLrough the whole of Europe, in order, in this way, to extort the eight hoars' system. President Harrison, relying on the power given to him by the M'Kinley tariff, threatens to close American ports to German imports, if Germany does not repeal the prohibition of American pork. The Builder says there is a little cbnrch at Greensted, Essex, England, over LOOO years old, and still in constant use, the nave of which is formed of plank, almost logs, about 5£(t. by 2ft. to 3ft. wide. Prince Halz f eld and his wife (i daughter the American Tailway king, Mr. Huntingdon) went over to Monte Carlo to amuse them' selves, during their viBit to Cannes, and won 300,000 francs (£12,000) at the tables. A dam on the Danube has been carried away by inundation, and it is calculated that a million acfes of land have been immersed. The land referred to was obtained at an exense of £20,000,000, and now the whole Sarvest is loBt. According to Lord Chief Justice Coleridge, the criminal classes are on the decrease in England. And, says a New York journal, " If England continues to ship her criminal classes to this country that decrease will probably continue for some time." The rose gardens round Paris have been ruined by the severe winter. Six thousand rosegrowers and laborers are oat of work, and they will petition the Government to obtain for them credit for several months until they can recover from the disaster. A surgeon in Decatur, Illinois, has just completed a novel surgical operation. He removed parts of four ribs of a cat and inserted them in the nose of a young woman, forming a perfect bridge for the nose. The bones of the noce had decayed and were removed. Last year 7482 deaths were advertised in the obituary .columns of the Morning Post. Of these 947 were stated to have attained the age of 80 years and upwards. This Rives a percentage of 12 6 as compared with 15 5 in 1889,13.6 in 1888, 13.7 in 1887, and 141 in 1886. It is Said that the largest church income raised in the JJnited Kingdom is the £10,000 annually contributed by the congregation of Dr. Wbyte, St. George's Free Church, Edinburgh, and the largest in the world that of Dr. Hall, of. New Tork, which amounts to nearly £30,000 a year. The Australische Zeitung is of opinion that the position of American farmers is still more unfavorable than that of their Australian brethren. Two societies have been formed there, one called the Farmers' Alliance, the other the Graziers' Alliance, both striving to improve their condition. The last annual report of the Crystal Palace Company shows that the gross receipts last year amounted to £126,751, and the gross expenditure to £110,497, leaving a balance of £16.253 to be carried to net revenue. The yiniiora on payment last year exceeded those of any year during the last decade with the exception only of 1882. The number was 1,173,485. A singular marriage has just been solemnised In Spejer, Western Germany, The bridegroom was a widower aged 71, and the bride a widow of the same age. The happy couple had romped together when children, and had both loved and loBt. They became domiciled recently under one roof in a public institution, where the old acquaintanceship was renewed and ended in matrimony. The head master of a large echool in New York asserts that almost every American girl of good parentage living in the cities is tit the age of 16 or 17 taller than her mother,' with a larger waist, better physical development, and more staying power as displayed in gymnastic exercises. He attributes the improvement to the increasing practice of outdoor games and pedestrian excursions. David Seville, of Nelson-Yille, Ohio, and Arthur Majesty, of Toledo, fought in the firstmentioned city on February 25. When time was called for the nineteenth round, MajeBty, who had been getting the worst of it, came forward and said, " I can't see, but hit me if you want to," whereupon Seville gave him a blow in the jaw and broke his neok, killing him instantly. Seville anft bia second were |rreBtcd, The American census returns show that, with the exception of France, there are more childless married women in New England than in any other part ol the world. One-fifth of the native married women in Massachusetts have no children, while throughout all the Eastern states, where population is most dense, small families are the rule. This means that the increase of populatipn by birth is not keeping pace with immigration. The Italians have a new carbine which cab be fired at the rate of 200 shots a minute. It is the invention of Lieutenant Cei, an officer of tbe Bersaglieri, and has met with the enthusiastic approval of General Cialdini. This new carbine does not weigh quite three kilogrammes ; its calibreis less than thatof theLebel rifle, and the soldier armed with it can fire, as already stated, 200 shots a minute without moving it from his shoulder. A French statistician alleges that within the French capital twice as many crimes are committed by persons between the ages of 15 and 20 as between Ihe ages of 20 and 40. In a single year the crimes committed^by minors included 30 cases of murder, 39 iof manslaughter, 3 of parricide, 2 of poisoniite, 44 of infanticide, 4212 of blows and other physical injuries, 25 of incendfafilfaa, 153 of theft, 8Q,of immorality, 458 of attempted theft, and 11,862 of other misdoings. "S^-vr •' There are only two women in America on whom the insignia of Officer de 1' Academle has been conferred, and Mrs. John Sherwood is one of them. The decoration which she wears at every entertainment with justifiable pride is a smill silver medallion bearing an olive branch twined with laurel and pendant trom a purple ribbon. This, with a voluminous certificate, was presented by the French Minister of Public Instruction in recognition of the literary pursuits of the distinguished lady. Australian girls are still pushing their way to tbe front at bome. Tbe latent account of a Victorian girl's success is that of Miss Suwell at the debating club in connection with Newnham College. A clever and amusing paper on the proposition, " That the present age has a disastrous tendency to details in art and social life," was read by Miss Clough. Miss Stawell replied,taking the opposite view. MissStawell's answer was so brilliant that she carried the meeting with her, and Miss Ulough's motion was lost. The foundation stone has just been laid of an immense building at Cook, in the United States, on tbe corner of State and Randolphstreets. The structure will be 275ft. in height and contain 20 stories, the oost being eati mated at about £445,000. To give an idea of the size and requirements of tbe building, it may be mentioned that the elevators are calculated to carry 45,000 persons a day. The building is intended chiefly for business purposes, and iB to be finished by the middle of next year. In the Gila Valley River country, United StateB, vast areas wer£ recently swept by raging torrents, and 250 houses at Yuma, Arizona, were in ruins, and 1400 people were homeless. Hundreds of liveB have been loBt in the valley, and the old city of Yama, which has been washed oat of existence, will probably never be rebuilt. Yuma was situated on the Colorado River, just below its confluence with the Qila. *The village of Lya Juana, San Diego, CaV has also disappeared, and debris to a depth of 6ft. covers the site. Three lives were lost. Dated Berlin, March 1, a Dalzlel telegram stateB :—'" The Public Prosecutor at Kustrin, near Frankfort, baa offered a reward for the capture of a German who, since September last, is believed to have made five attempts to muider five different unfortunate women, after tbe fashion attributed in England to' Jack the Ripper.' His last victim, a woman named Wilden, who was attacked on February 21, and received a wound, measuring about 8in., across the stomach, died yesterday. Her assailant is described as a man about 30 years of age, with a blonde moustache. He wore sailors' clothes " At a recent meeting of the Royal Botanic Society, the secretary said the action of fogs on plants was most felt by those tropical plants in the society's houses of which the natural habitat was one expo'ed to sunshine. Plants growing in forests or under tree shade did not so directly feel the want of light; but then, again, a London or town fog not only shaded the plants, but contained emoke, sulphur, and other deleterious agents, which were, perhaps, aa deadly to vegetable vitality as absence of light. Soft, tender-leaved plants, and aquatics, such as the Victoria regia, suffered more from fogjjthan any class of plants be knew. Aj^ extraordinary accident occurred on 4*h February at a banquet given to a large and distinguished company at Cardiff by the Marquis of Bute, who is fnayor of the town, in celebration of the starting of the «ew Dow. lais-street steel works in the neighbourhood, The drill hall had been elaborately -adorned, but by sopie accident to the electric light a Chinese lantern caught fire, with tbe result that all thfe. other lanterns and decorations became ignited. All tbe table linen was also destroyed, and two valuable pictures lent by Lord Bute were injured. The gueBts, oi whom there weie 500, had a narrow escape. The manufacture of Gruyere cheese is carried on laTgely in the mountainous regions of the Department of tbe Jnra. A report made to the French Government shows that in the year 1889 cheese was made to the weight of about 115,668cwt., exclusive of the quantity wasumed by the mafcerq and tbsir families, This was tbe produce of 53,727 cows, end it was made in 517 different dairies or fruitieres, to tbe carrying on of which 19,581 persons supplied milk, the total value of the cheese reaching close npon £250,000. The effect of schools for instruction in cheesemaking is most favorably acknowledged by the official reporter. Dr. Lion, of Paris, has invented a machine by which weak infan s can be kept in an equal temperature. It consists of a wooden box with a glass partition occupied by the child in bed. Heat produced by a gas or petroleum flume is conducted by tubes running round the walls of the box. To regulate exactly the temperature two self-acting thermometers are fixed, and a bell is added calling the attention of the nurse in case of need. Openings in the box produce the necessary fresh air. From time to time the infants, for suckling purposes, are quickly brought into an adjoining room, having the same tempera- ture as the box. A grand discovery has been made in Egypt of a vast tomb of the high priests of Amman, monarch of the gods, and local divinity of Thebes, on the exact spot in the limestone cliffs of the Libyap Mountain, weat of Thebes, near Dehr El Bahri, where Brugsch Bey made bis famous find of Royal mummies in 1881. The tomb has two stories. In the lower 240 sarcophagi have been already discovered, the oldest dating back to the eleventh Dynasty 2500 B o. There were also in tbe tomb 100 papyri and some large statues of the Theban Triad, Osiris, Ins, Nepthis, with vast quantities of statuettes and votive offerings. Everything was uninjured. There is at present a veritable epidemic of suicide at Copenhagen. Those who put an end to their lives are either young couples, who thus bring to a close an affection which is contrary to tbe wishes of their families, cr writers or artists who kill themselves in des pair at seeing their works not appreciated by tbe public. The melancholy poetry of tbe North has a most tragic effect. A curious detail is that the majority of these unhappy persons are Finlanders or Swedes. They escape, by committing suicide ou Danish soil, the law uf their own country, which gives the bodies of all who take their own lives to the dissect ing-room of the medical schools. Visitors to Paris noticed some time since in the windows oif fashionable stationers rows of sealing-wax of all hues and shades, and ranged in order like the colors of the spectrum. It appears that a meaning attaches to each oi these colors. Thus, white sealing-wax means a proposal of marriage ; black, a-death ; violet condolences ; invitations to dinner are sealed with chocolate color; vermillion is used for business letters; ruby color by fortunate lovers; green means hope; brown melancholy (derived possibly from brown study) ; blue, constancy ; yellow, jealousy ; pale green conveys a reproof; pink is used by young ladies, and grey between friends. Eleven hundred purses or portemonnaies were left behind in public vehicles within the London Metropolitan Police District during 1889, and little more than half of their careless owners troubled themselves to irquire after their property in. Scotland-yard. Oat of the number 280 contained from £1 to £5, 47 from £5 to £10, and 12 from £10 to £55. Besides these 180 persons had left coin in these vehicles in amounts ranging from 61. to to 15 sovereigns, wrapped in paper. -Twelve separata finds of bank notes have also been made, in one instance amonnting to £290; while the number of articles of jewellery, watches, and other valuable property found during the year amounted to 1000. A young American has undertaken to walk from San Francisco to New York (4000 miles) as the result of a wager made between two sporting men that the distance by the Southern Pacific and Santa Fe routes conld not be made in less time than six months. He will not only start to walk to New York, but will attempt to wheel a wheelbarrow the entire distance. He will carry 95 pounds of baggage on the barrow, and will be accompanied on the trip by a pet dog. He will pass through KansaB City, Chicago, Pittsburg, and Washington. A curious incident of the wager is the fact that the pede"trian will be compelled by the terms of the contract to coant and record every trestle, bridge, tunnel, and calvert he passes over or througU on his journey. The New York Evening Post has been collecting some official information from ex* perts which will be of interest to those in this country who think they are drinking Hungarian wines. The Austro-Hungarian Consul io that city affirms that at least a million dollars' worth is annually sold as pare importations from Hungary, of which over threefourths consist of chemical concoctions or of doctored cheap wines, or, at tbe best, of Californian wines labelled Hungarian. During the fiscal year ending June 30, 1889, real Hungarian wines to the value of 105,000dol were directly, and to the value of 80,000dol. indirectly imported from Hungary into this country, and yet a million dollars' worth is sold annually, showing that Americans con' some 815,000doL worth of bogus Hungarian wine every year, A Russian scientist named Spechnew hsfe been experimenting on a large scale in the ap^ plication of electricity to agriculture on his his own estate, ia the Government of Pskow. He has found that seedf^ill germinate twice as quickly by tbe action of a current of induction as they would otherwise do, and that by the collection and condensation of the electricity of the atmosphere above newly-sown fifldf an immenw ijicrwse of the yield iq secured. Taking that of eight different crops, he finds that the products are from 111 to 231 per cent, in excess of those obtained from corresponding areas of land not so treated ; and Spechnew is confidently of opinion that electro- culture is destined to play a very important part in practical agriculture, by accelerating the decomposition of the soil, ar.d by co-operating with light and heat in tbe formation and growth of organic structure. A number of Roman Catholic young men have just started in Paris a periodical called Le Vingtieme Stick, which is deecribed as " a review of social Christian economy." It publishes the following letter from Cardinal Manning to one of tbe contributors :—" We are strangled by exaggerated individualism, and next century will show that human society is greater and more noble than all that is purely individual. The doctrine that has its foundation in the law of nature and in Christianity is denounced as Socialism by the rash and tbe frivolous, as well as by the capitalists and the wealthy, but the future will bring into the light of reason the social status of the world of labor. We shall then discern tbe laws on which rest tbe Christian society oi mankind. Therefore it is a judicious work on your part to have gathered young and vigorous minds in a centre of study and publicity respecting these vital truths. The politicians and political economists of the modern school have had their day. The twentieth century will be wholly that of the people, and of the laws of the common prosperity of a Christian rSgime." The greatest showman of tha age has at last—to borrow the phrase of Bret Harte's favorite heroes—" passed in his cheques.'' The Napoleon of showmen, indeed, he was called, and assuredlv the sobrquet was not unfittingly given. He wis really, in his own line, a genius of the Napoleonic order. But though he had his MOECOWB and his L ipsigs, Barnum could never be said to have had his Wateiloo. No disaster was sufficient to overwhelm him. The Ptceiix itself would be a feeble image in connection with the many triumphant restorations which his fortunes experienced after he had suffered what had appeared to be utterly ruinous losses by fire. Americans as a rule are not wont to exhibit conspicuous examples of vigor and energy preserved to 8n advanced time of life. Bat Barnum was one of the exceptions. He was full of fresh projects up to the time of his death, and had he lasted a little longer we probably should have seen him in Australia. It was but the other day he revisited England, where he reaped a golden harvest with his famous circus and show. A tall woman of gipsy-like appearance named Patience Wood, described as a licensed hawker, and aged 47, was charged at the Westminster police court lately with going about pretending to tell fortunes, and unlawfully obtaining from Emily Hall £2 10?. and a silk handkerchief. The prosecutrix deposed that she was in service in Ebury-street, Pimlico. On July 30 the prisoner came to the house hawking jewellery. She informed the cook and witness that she conld tell their fortunes. The witness gave her 2*. for a brooch, and ultimately admitted the prisoner to the kitchen to have their fortunes told. The prisoner talked the usual nonsense about her planet, and persuaded the simple servant to give her £2 8'. The witness gaverier the gold in the handkerchief, and she promised to come back in half an hour, when tbe cbarm was complete. She never came back. (Laughter.) The Magistrate : " What future did she predict for you ?" The witness (laughing) : " Ob, she told me a lot about a young man, and said that I should not be in my place three months longer, because he would marry me. And she said we should go across the water, and be very happy. And a great deal more I can't say here." (Laughter.) Mr. Dutton : " Well, I suppose you had a young man then ?" The witness: " Yes ; I had at the time." (Liughter.) Mr. Dutton : " And I hope, my girl, all the good things you were told will come true." The witness (smiling): " I hope so." A remand was granted. An English practitioner, Dr. J. B. Curgenven, recently discovered a method of treating scarlet fever by means of eucalyptus oil, which (savs Truth) obtained results quite as promising in their way as Dr. Koch's vaunted remedy for tnbercular diseale. Although no secret, however, has been made of the preparation, some twelve months have gone by without the English medical profession making any general use of the remedy. This is a striking illustration of a recent remark in Truth on the obstinate reluctance of English doctors to depart by a hair's breadth from the traditions of the profession. Bat the same remedy has afforded a yet more instructive lesson on the obstructive power of red-tape. Dr. Curgenven has good reason to believe that the antiseptic power of his preparation would be equally effective in destroying the poison of pleuro-pneumonia. Before be can even make an experiment, however, he must have the permission of tbe Board of Agriculture. Under the existing orders every farmer Is bound under heavy penalties to report to the local in* spector any case of plen ro-fneumonia the moment it occurs. The inspector is equally bound to have tbe beast and all others that have been near it slaughtered without delay. On being asked to give facilities for experiments in treating the disease the Board of Agriculture positively replied thatthe board are bound to slaughter the cattle, bat that at present they cannot undertake to investigate possible disease." Science is therefore forbidden even to attempt to discover a cure fw this plague, 