Items of Newe. SOUTH AUSTRALIA. A half-caste, named For, brutally assaulted Constable Shanks at Blanchetown while being arrested. Oae of his vagaries was the biting out of a piece of the constable's cheek. Extensive additions are to be made to the General Post Office. ' The Mayor of Port Adelaide has become a convert to the Single-Tax doctrine, and ia offering prizes for essays on the tquestion. A. new Morgue has been built at Port Adelaide. Mr. Oswald Brown haa reported on the Port Augaata waterworks. The District Council of CampbelltowB, were sued for £10 damages to a horse which fell over a heap of road metal. The plaintiff was nonsuited on the ground that the con tractor should have been sued. The annual meeting of tbe South Aus tralian Bash Mission was held (last week. It was decided to engage a second bush missionary when funds permitted. Ninety-five per cent of the members of the Port Augusta branch of the Amalgamated Shearers' Union decided to stay at [home until engaged through the Union offices. Edward Robertson, with an alias, has been victimising several large firms ia Adelaide by false pretences, and now stands committed for trial. A Danish pressman is visiting South Australia with the object of ascertaining whether there is any opening here for Danish immigration. Tbe Yorke's Peninsula people are com plaining about some of^the railway arrange ments between Adelaide and tbe PoninBula. The South Australian Ostrich Company shows a profit of £679 14s. 2d. for the half year A branch] of the School of Mines and Industries to be established at Port Augusta. The Adelaide, JUnley and Miteham Tram way Company show net profits of £1,286 for the year ending April 30, as against £1,433 for the same period last year. The estimated cost of the Cobar to Cock burn railway via Wilcannia and Broken Hill is £1,168,000. The residents of Edwardstown are clamor ing for telegraph facilities. As the result of charges made by South Australian shareholders, the Directors of the Broken Rill Junction Silver Mining Com pany were called upon to resign. Two South Australians were appointed on the new Directorate. Rain at Terowie, Burra, and Orroroo, last Sunday, but none in this district. The Agricultural Bureau have had en quiries from America and Switzerland, with regard to placing special labor in the colony, and have replied tha-; an unlimited opening for skilled labir exists in the smaller rural Industrie r. Mr. Oswald Brown left by the Oceauien on Saturday. South Adelaide 3 goal 15 behind*; Port Adelaide 1 goal 5 behinds. Medindie 3 goals 5 behinds ; Adelaide 1 goal 6 behiuds. The A. 11 fl. Birth day meeeting 'was con« eluded on Monday last. The totalizator dividends were C25 10s, £2 11s., £4 7s., £3 13s., £5 9s. mil £S 17s. The Rev. J. R. Glasson has left for England, wlu re he will represent South Australia at t!;e Congregational Union Conference. Prayer for rain was offered in the Wealeyan Churches last Sauday. Mr. J. M. Belcher, who was Post and Telegraph Master) at Terowie for nearly eleven years, was presented with com-' plimentary addresses on leaving. The Adelaide Corporation have raised their laborers' wages from 6a. per day to 7s. Wm. Hill, 61, a dairyman, an enthuisastic irrigitianist, and a candidate at the last general elections, shot himself dead with a revolver en the West Park Lands, Adelaide. The Adelaide School Board of Advice propose to asphalt tlieir school-grounds to save the shoeleather of the children. Thomas Baker, of near Clarendon, was found dead, with (a gun alongside him. Supposed, suicide owing to domestic trouble, his wife having left him a week previously. One haystack burned down at Willunga, and two at Mount Gambier. A t deputation waited on the Prime Minister, and asked that in the new Amended District Councils' Bill a clause should be introduced to check 'faggot voting.' They also requested that 'the age limit for voting should be reduced to 18. Dr. Morrison of Aldine History fame figures in the Iusolvcut Court this week. The master baksrs iu Adelaide are greatly dissatisfied with their trial of the eight hours system in the business. A deputation waited or the Prime Minister on Tuesday relating to the| break of-gauge difficulty. lledliill has been granted a Recreation ground. Margaret Christian, 72, fell into anjunder ground tank at Jamestown and was drowned. The PrimeS Minister was bsseiged with a deputation ou the Woman's Suffrage qnestion on Tuesday. They wauted him to make it a portion of the Government policy, but he declined. VICTORIA. The Court of Enquiry into the loss of the Craigbura found that it was caused toy the default of the master, Alexander Kerr, who with the I Chief -Officer was incapacitated through liquor. Wolfram has been discovered in the Skeleton ranges. The O'Connell statue at EaBtern Hill was unveiled by Sir Bryan O'Loghlen, in the presence of 2,000 spectitors. Two patients have been cured of con sumption, .it Warrr.ambool, by the use of Dr. Koch'ri lymph. Sarah B-'rnhardt had an ' enthusiastic reception on her first appearance in Melbourne. NEW SOUTH WALES. Au old mau 'named Austin j was killerl by a madman with an axe, at the Hirren lliver. The madman was shot dea-l by another man whom he attacked. A non- confidence motion moved by Mr Dili'o3 was defeated oa ths cashing vute i,f the speaker, A young tCO'.ista*i)l« named O'Riiea was knocked down ami fatally injured ia attempting to sLo-- a runaway horse in Sydney. A consumptive patieut named Jones, committed siiicuie by jumping off the cliffy at South Head. In couseriucnc: of tlic result of the nocou fidenee motion, the Government have sought ami obtaiued a dissolution. 'Lcuis Peter Hansen, was executed at Dubbo for the Poak Hill inarder. He declared his innocence to the last. Miss Maggie Knight the actress haa secured a divorce from her husband. ENGLAND. Only about one-eighth of the Queensland loau of £2,500,000 subscribed. The^Directors of the South Australian Laud, Mortgage and Agency Company have declared a dividend of 13 per cent. Lieutenant-Colonel Owen, late of South Australia, has been appointed Commandant of the Queensland Military Forces. Miss Alice Corn well is striving to form a syndicate for the purpose of making another dock at Port Adelaide. The Victorian Rifle Team are meeting with much success in England. The Earl of Claucarty has died. Lord Dunlo succeeds him. Nine hundred cases of Adelaide apples have been sold from 9a. to 123. a case. The famous baccarat ca.se in which the Princefof Wales in conspicuous, is now before the Court. H.R. H. lias given evidence. Mr. Parnell is accused with stealing money from the Irish Parliamentary Fand. Nine thousand Jewish tailors have struck work ia the East- end of London. J. J. Ferris, the Australian, capture! sir Nottingham wickets for 7 runs while playing with Marylebone. His average for both innings was 11 for 32. AMERICA, Through an explosion of petroleum near Lake Erie great destruction of property took place and twelve persons lost their lives. : 