AGRICULTURE IN FRANCE. [From Our Correspondent. ] Paris, 14th February. The Fat Cattle show was very brilliant this year. It would be an error to conclude that the exhibits are limited to fat stock ; the latter only form the one-fourth — though the most impor tant — part of the official show, for private efforts do not organise agricultural exhibitions in France. The remaining sections are devoted —besides those naturally to fat sheep and pigs— to breeding animals, milch cows, poultry, alive and dead, butter, cheese, honey, textile plants, fruits, cereals and roots. Wines are shown, but these, like agricultural implements and machinery, are not awarded prizes. They serve as sale samples. There were 5300 entries of implements. The notable features of the show may be thus recorded; decided progress along the whole line, and the increasing tendency of French cattle breeders to rely henceforth on the amel ioration of native races, rather than on crossings from imported blood. However, it is not the less a fact that it was a Shorthorn bull that carried off the first prize in the category of breeding animals. The sheep were very superior ; for the merinoes the force of amelioration could no further go, the Dishley merinoes had their admirers, but the South- downs were the most keenly examined of all. It is around this race that the battle rages of being able to produce at once wool and precocious meat of paying quantity and of selling quality. The effort is also being made to improve native breeds to cope with the Southdown. France has no less than 16 distinct native breeds of pigs, and all of them excellent ; this will explain why foreign races receive no marked encouragement. The Normandy hog is a most profitable and rapidly putting up flesh animal. There is a decided leaning to the Dutch race of milch cows, for farms in a position to dispose of their milk fresh, but when intended for butter the Normandy cow is preferred. Except in the east of France not much hard cheese is made, the holdings not being able to group together large quantities of milk ; the manufacture of soft cheese has been found to be more profitable. The butter exhibits were very superior, and the best brands have been turned out by following the Danish system. The poultry exhibit was most satisfactory ; the Crèvecœurs could not be surpassed. It is said that the best laying hen is the " Coucou," peculiar to the Sarthe and the Orne, and a favorite among the peasantry. It seeks its own support following admirers of the bird. Con trary to expectation, the Aylesbury, not the Rouen breed of ducks, won the first prize. At the banquet of the Society des Agricul- teurs, which wound up their congress of earnest and technical work, the president, the Marquis de Dampierre, spoke very hopefully of the future of French agriculture ; the farming in terest had now their own party in Parliament, which voted solid and straight on all matters affecting rural economy. It is thus that they will be able to have the customs' tariffs revised in a sense favorable to their needs. Already the cost of railway transport is promised to be re duced 20 per cent. from next year, a no small boon for the disposal of agricultural produce and the carriage of manures and machinery. Some thing also is promised to relieve the pressure of taxation on land, to cheapen its change of hands and to encourage the reclamation of soils. The witty toasts attest that the farmers were on the high road to contentment. I observed among the 700 guests present that the majority of the farmers preferred milk rather than wine at the dinner. It is the out- put of a growing plan ; sell the wine you pro- uce and consume your own milk. One strong farmer, who had that day paid down 125,000 f. for some land purchased as an addition to his holding, told me that where he lived, at Epernay —and where he would be delighted if I visited him — the phylloxera had appeared, but that it could be conquered if all the farmers indulged in a long pull, a strong pull, and a pull all to gether. Another matter, he said, was causing anxiety, the influence of agricultural machinery on farm laborers. It is superseding the latter, and farm hands immigrate in advance to the towns, not to seek so much higher wages, as to enjoy the attractions of an urban life and a never kind of work. There is no department of agriculture at pre sent receiving so energetic attention as the dairy industry. A special and a powerful society exists for its protection and advancement ; pro tection not only against foreign milk products, but against false practices in the home trade. It has already demanded the application of all legal severities against the sale of margarine. The proposed customs tax on soft cheese is 100 f. the ton ; fresh milk imported at the frontier will be taxed at a similar rate. As Canada and the United States export 35,000 and 100,000 tons of cheese respectively and annually to Europe as Cheddar, Stilton, Glou cester, Gruyère, &c.;, that competition on her shore frontier is as injurious to French farmers as the competition of Switzerland, Germany and Italy on her eastern frontier; hence, all such hard varieties of cheese will be taxed 200 f. per ton, or nearly 2 sous per lb. If the con sumer prefers real Emmenthal, &c.;, cheese, he must pay for it, because France cannot as yet manufacture that quality. The best Swiss Emmenthal sells— wholesale price. at 1 f. per lb.; inferior qualities, at 13 sous; retailers charge the highest price for the lowest qualities. The first quality of Roquefort cheese commands 24 sous per lb., and imitation varieties, made of cow, not sheep, milk, cannot be had at the general dealers' for less. Parmes- san cheese brings as high a price as first class Roquefort, and the best brands of Dutch red or Moorshead, fetches 18 sous the lb. It is no wonder that farmers complain as loudly against dairymen as against butchers, who pocket the lion's share of their profits. A very wide field is open to dairymen to make their fortune in soft cheeses ; that large, griddle shaped brie cheese is extensively consumed and is the richest soft cheese made. Their price varies from 113 to 15 sous each, and for the unwary purchasers, they can be severely duped. Similarly with the well known cheese Camembert, they vary in price— wholesale understood — from 4 to 18 sous each. No wonder that a bankrupt dairyman or butcher is as rare as ice in June. The upshot of these remarks is that since protection, or self interest, appears to be the highest expression of modern civilisation with nations, there is another pro tection requiring instant adoption, the syndi cating of farmers, not only to purchase their seeds, machinery, fertilisers &c.;, directly from be first hands, but to syndicate to sell their products and so escape the extortions of middle men, who like the lawyers eat all the fish of the oyster and give the shells to the clients. A few words about Roquefort cheese, which, when genuine, is prepared from sheep's milk exclusively, and is in much request by persons of fitful and delicate appetite. An imitation variety is now being extensively prepared from cows' milk in the east of France. The real Roquefort owes its special flavor, easy digesti bility — although it is said that cheese digests everything except itself — not only to being pre pared from the milk of sheep, but to being ripened during six months in the natural calcareous caverns at Roquefort. It is well to add that a special breed of sheep yield the milk, that eke out their existence on hill sides yielding a scanty but varied and odoriferous herbage. For cow milk Roquefort, the curd is gathered within 90 minutes ; it is placed in a crockery perforated mould, in three layers, and between each layer is shaken a good pinch of musted bread dust, and the curd pricked in about 80 places to assist the oozing of the whey by a knitting needle. It would seem that much of the success of the new cheese lies in the musty bread dust. The latter is thus prepared : equal parts of wheat, rye and barley, are ground separately ; then intimately kneaded together, and allowed to remain till the acidulous fermen tation sets in ; the dough is next baked like an ordinary loaf, when the loaf has been allowed to grow stale it is cut up into slices, the butter placed on osier trays in a warm room, to dry and to become musty. The slices are then pasted through a special mill, the meal carefully sifted, and stored in a box, which is kept well closed. Since the maladies of wines are due to the presence of parasites, and the destruction of these implies the cure, M. de Méritens has tried electricity. He has since three years been experimenting on white and red wines, in bottle and in barrel, by sending electric currents or shocks at the rate of 15,000 per minute into the wine. Each shock exercised an intense physio logical action, effectually killing every living parasite or microbe. On the same samples of wine, not electrified, the wine followed its natural course, and did not keep ; in a word, turned into vinegar. It is difficult to preserve small or thin wines, having only an alcoholic strength of 5 to 7 per cent., as in common with the rustic wines of Burgundy, the South of France and Algeria. The latter are specially difficult to keep, as they are not only thin wines, but mildewed. The Government appointed wine experts to report on the method de Méritens, and pronounced it successful, while inducing mellow ness. When claret has been sent on a six months' voyage to India, to become "sick," or mellow, the latter desired condition was brought about by the change of milieu and the action of heat. Henceforward, poor wines that are only utilised for blending can now, by doses of electricity, be rendered fit to keep, and to be transported, while valuable wines can be pre cociously aged or mellowed. Mellowness is the result, not of time, but of changed physiological conditions. M. Spechnew, a Russian botanist, continues his interesting experiments on the application of electricity to plant development. Starting from the fact that thunderstorms stimulate vegeta tion, he drove electric currents through selected plots of ground, and found that carrots, turnips, rye, radishes, &c.;, not only throve more rapidly, but were from 3 to 4 times more voluminous, and of more agreeable flavor than the like plants, reared on parallel plots of soil, but not subjected to the action of electric currents. This he attributes to the electricity decomposing the materials— while rendering them more assimilable— of the plant's food. A slight shock of electricity given to seed beans, peas and rye accelerated their germination. M. Spechnew is now carrying out experiments at Pakow, in Russia, on a large scale, by fixing up poles, with spiked metal plates on top, to catch atmospheric electricity, and transmit it by wire to ordinary fields and their crops. 