THE ENGLISHING OF TEE WOBLI7 Proieesor Schaff, of New York, devotes the first chapter of im" Literature and Poetry" to estimating the probabilities of English becoming the world-language of the future, " The English," he says," is taught as a regular" branch of higher education in the best colleges and universities on the Continent of Europe, aud in all commercial cities, and is rapialv gaining on the French. In Egypt it has aef quired new strength. In Asia it follows the British sway and the highways of commerce to the vast empire of East India, with its 200,000,000 of heathen and Mahommedaninhabitants, who exhibit a growing desire to learn the language of their rulers. I have heard tonverted Brahmins &peak; and preach in the purest Anglo-Saxon. It is largely used in the islands and sea-ports of China even by native Chinese,, in a cornipt form. _ It is firmly established in Southern Africa, and extends every day with the widening British settlements of the Cape and western coast, including Stern Leone and Liberia. It accompanies the Britislt navy and merchant ships to the South Sea, and must ultimately replace the barbarous nativedialects of Australia, New South Wales, Van Diemen's Land, New Zealand, and the Polynesian group of islands, as the natives becoma- Christianised and civilised. The empire of Japan is fast getting Anglicised and Christianised. The English has become the Court language. A New York publisher is shipping every year 50,000 American school-books far the schools of Japan. The English classics are daily read in countries of which Shakespeare and Milton never heard, and by millions who but recently were ignorant of the very existence of England. If we look to the American hemisphere, the same language prevails in all the British possessions of North America from the Atlantic to the Pacific, including a territory of over three millions and four hundred thousand square miles and a population of about five millions, and increasing very rapidly by emigration. It prevails in the B:itish West Indies and the Bermuda Islands. But what is still more important, the English is now, and must ever remain, the speech of the great Anglo Saxon Bepublic, from Maine to California, from the Northern Lakes to the Gulf of Mexioo. Every other language, the Indian dialects,. £h» Spanish, the Dutch, the Danish, the Swedish, the French, and even the German are being swept away by the irresistible current of the English tongue. Thfr German and Scandinavian languages are gaining in the first generation by constant' immigration, but in the second or third generation they are losing; while the English, without an act of tyranny or injustice to its neighbours, without any effort even, but by the mere silent power of its presence, is daily gaining upon them. The English is also the language o£ the ocean. It is better understood and more widely spoken than any other tongue on the shim which cross the Atlantic or Pacific, the Mediterranean, the Suez Caned, the Indian and Chinese Seas. Even on the Fjords of Norway and in the Gulf of Finland you will scarcely meet a captain that cannot fluently converse in English. The Samoan Conference, held- last year at Berlin, between Germany, Great Britain, and the United States, marks a new departure in the preference given to English for diplomacy. Formerly the Latin was used in international conferences and treaties, and is still used by the Papal Court. Then th® French took its place aud kept it in all international conferences till 1878. But iir tha Samoan Conference, for the first time on tha Continent of Europe, the English was exclusively used in the discussions and m the treaty —a significant fact for the future. The English race surpasses all others in successful colonisation and commercial enterprise, and hence its language must inevitably become the chief organ of international communication. Well may we bid godspeed to the progress of the Anglo-Norman and Anglo-America&. tongue as the chief organ for the spread o£ Christian dvilsation. Go forth, then, noble Saxon tongue. And speed the happy time When truth and righteousness shall reign. In every zone and clime; When earth's oppressed and savage tribes Shall cease to jane and roam, All taught to prize the words : Faith, freedom, Heaven, and Home. 