iTflK MERCURA, 1 HOBART THURSBY Y, JülfB 18, 1891. m EPITOME OF NEWS. Barnet of New York at Theatre Royal this evening. Tasmanian harriers run on Saturday, Bellerive to Droughty Point. ) Concert at Library Hall, Richmond, to-night. Holy Trinity Parish Club concert to-night at 3 o'clock. New Town Pony races yesterday drew satisfactory attendance. Chalmers Literary Association this evening debates Chinese immigration. Handicap pigeon match at Bothwell on the 27th inst Murderous assault at Zeehan yesterday. Man named Vanderfelt the victim. Fat live stock for Zeehan will be auctioned at Remine to-day. Accident on New Town-road last evening. One of Cooley's 'bus horses run into and killed. Libel case. Gaffney Chairman of Strahan Town Board) v. Harrison, heard at Launceston yesterday. Verdict for defendant. Corner stones of Primitive Methodist new schoolroom laid yesterday by the Mayor and Mr. J. G. Parker. Rev. Mark Guy Pearse delivers farewell lecture to-night on " Hugh Latimer," in Melville-street, Wesleyan Church. Governor and Lady Hamilton attend phonograph exhibition this evening. Positively the last night. Petition against the election of W. H. Bennett as member for Campbell Town appears in advertising columns. Treasurer wants to know what will be done with profits of Tasmanian Exhibition. Mayor of Launceston says " first catch your hare.' Inquest on gas explosion at Miller's-build ings sat five hours yesterday, and adjourned till 10 o'clock this morning for further evidence. Youth named Robert Manning fined 20s. and costs, at Bothwell, for being the worst among a gang of young rowdies behaving in unmannerly fashion at a public concert. Bank rate of discount to be 3 per cent. Prince Bismarck somewhat seriously ill. Victorian Parliament opens on Tuesday next Influenza still raging In London ; 249 deaths last week. Nile rising rapidly. Disaster to crops feared from overflowing. Disastrous eruption of Mount Vesuvius feared as closely impending. Four million bushels of American wheat bought for the English market. The O'Gorman Mahon, M.P. for Carlow, is dead. St Kilda municipal loan floated, nearly fourfold, on London market. - Six commercial failures in Brisbane yesterday. One for £32,000. , 1 Ethridge U.M. Co. to be reconstructed with a capital of £140,800. "American wheat surplus for exports a hundred and fifty million bushels. New Argentine National Bank projected ruby European financiers. Victorian Treasurer declines grant for a! Victorian Court at Tasmanian Exhibition. Victorian Minister of Agriculture into Iducos a bill for extermination of star thistles. Mr. W. H. Handfield, chief clerk Vie- il torian Education Department, dead. i Gas explosion at Britannia Hotel, Bourke street, yesterday. Serious damage narrowly |t averted. < . is . Chilian Presidential election in July. The, Premier, Don Claudio Vicuna, spoken of as the coming man ' , , ' Extraordinary powers conferred on President Balmaceda to crush out present Chilian rebellion. "' 1 -'Vessels newly added to the Australian squadron will visit Moreton Bay, Sydney, Adelaide, Melbourne, and Hobart. s Victorian poultry and dog show entries close, as announced by advertisement, on July 4th and 11th proximo. In Tyson divorce case, heard in Sydney, judge has ruled that the marriage was valid and has dismissed the petition. . Coal-ship Arahuac a total wreck near Darnley Island, North Australian coast. Crew safe. - We have refrained hitherto from say ing anything about what is called the baccarat scandal, for the very excellent reason that we did not see that anything required to be said. Very well-connected persons persons who moved in the very highest society - have cheated at cards many times before to-day, and I have lost caste in consequence, for a man may do almost anything, so long as he keeps clear of the criminal law, and not be cut, but he must not cheat at cards. This is one of the social sins which society has pronounced to be deadly, probably because society is less disposed to be swindled out of its money than its virtue. When, therefore, this last case came up, it did not occur to us that because the Prince of Wales had been the banker when the offence was committed, there was any reason to go into hysterics of virtue, and assume that the Prince was going headlong to ruin. Everybody has known for years that the Prince of Wales plays at cards, that he plays in a way at times which may be called gambling, and that he has a taste, more's the pity, for this sort of amusement. Nothing new has been disclosed No fresh scandal has come to light. The Prince appears to all sensible persons, to persons who take the trouble to think, neither better nor worse than he was before. He has always been popular in spite of his taste for these I , -. - pleasures, possibly because of-it, for they are the pleasures of a very large portion of the modern Britons of society, and there is, so far, no reason why his popularity should wane, or why sermons should be preached at him now, because one of the company in which he chooses to spend his time has been practically convicted of cheating. We do not see that any fault can be found with the part which His Royal Highness played He was convinced, as the jury has been, that one of his companions in the simple but noble game of baccarat had been cheating, and he did his best to let the offender down as easily as possible in the circumstances of the case. If the women could but have held their tongues, which was rather too much to expect of them, all would have been well, General Sir William Gordon Cumming would have received a lesson which would have lasted him for his life, and the non-conformist conscience, whatever that may be, would not, have received a shock. Of course, if there was no cheating the man to be pitied is General Gordon Cumming, but we must accept, we suppose, the verdict of the jury, which, certainly, completely exonerates the Prince of Wales from having done anything which did not appear to be fully warranted by the facts. The weak point in the General's position is, that he did not seek redress in a court of law until after the whole scandal had been blown, until better tongues were busy with his name, and he saw fast, coming upon him complete and irretrievable social Turn. He accepted the situation up to that point He did not move until he was compelled. His position had [ become such that he was forced to do something, and it may be, if we assume that he was guilty of the offence, that he deliberately chose to make others share in at least some portion of his disgrace. In any case, he had all to gain and nothing to lose by his appeal to a jury, since there was always the chance of a verdict in his favour, whilst the unfavourable one has left him very little, if any worse than he was before. It is, perhaps, better for him that he should stand, as he is openly condemned before the world, than that he should have become an outcast through, the malignant gossip which would have surely followed him wherever he went, and stung in a thousand ways which he could not hope to guard against. But, what has all this to do with the Prince of Wales ? He is not charged or suspected of cheating at cards or at any other game, nor is he supposed to desire the company of cheats. He did nothing on this particular occasion which he had not done a hundred times before, upon which point all consciences, non- conformist and otherwise, were quite well-informed.' It is true that he was banker on the occasion, which is not a nice position for the heir to the throne to occupy, as it seems to imply that he was playing to make money, but we believe that it is the' custom in polite society to put up the bank to auction, and the highest bidder, gets it. Weunderstandthatatthisbeau tifully simple and very popular game, which is not much more a gambling one than vingt-et-un, played in family circles without scandal, the banker is by no means sure to win, nor has he a very great advantage. There was, therefore, nothing wrong, except as a matter of taste, in the position which the PRInce occupied, nor was in company to which any great exception can be taken,- as things have been going for many years past. We should, certainly, like to have heard that the heir to the throne was much better occupied than he generally is, we should like to have known that he was fulfilling the hopes that his father and his mother once entertained of him, and especially that he had been able to keep the companions whom they found for him in his early days. Had he been an Emperor William instead of what he is, royalty would have been more respected, and probably safer than it now can be said to be in Great Britain. Still, when we have expressed all these regrets and even sorrow for things as they are, we find ourselves quite unable to join in the screech that has been raised. On the contrary, we incline to follow the example of the American papers, and express our regret that the Prince of Wales should be the victim of such a get of circumstances, His position is one which should cause him to seek" recreation in other modes than those which he has been accustomed to 'follow, but the suggestion that he should go before the Aecihiibhop of Canterbury and swear off card playiog.strikesus as a very comical out- come of the loss of the public mental balance which seems to have taken place. No doubt, the Prince will do well to profit by the lesson which this business must have taught, but there is no special reason why all the pulpits should ring with with denunciations of gambling at this particular time, any more than at any other. A trifle of gambling used to take place at Cbock.fori>'¡» and other places in days gone by, and one Charles James Fox, a great patriot distinguished himself in the business, I not to speak of many others, and yet the world went on the domestic virtues survived, as they will when Ibsen is forgotten, even though women take to pipes as well as cigars, and puff their smoke in the faces of degenerate men on the top of omnibuses and elsewhere. Royalty will, however, do well to look to itself. Though the Prince or Wales has done nothing which at all warrants the noise that is being made, or the shocks said to have been given to the conscience which revolted at' Mr. PARNELL. is not nice, and, some- what dangerous, for the heir to the throne to be put in the box and have to admit that such are his amusements, and that such amusements almost become a business. FiFTy pounds sterling per ton net profit on fifty tons of silver ore (£2,500) sent to Free berg for smelting, was the satisfactory cable said to be received yesterday by the manager of the Silver Queen Company. With such results as these in prospect, shipments to Germany will, it may be assumed, continue, and in constantly increasing quantities. It is doubtful whether such good results could be anywhere else obtained. The perfection to which the science of smelting has been brought at this ancient city of Germany, the control for administration of the Saxon mines, arises, from the development of its silver ores, which wore diseoveredssfar back as 1863, and its vast mineral wealth of other kinds, bismuth, nickel, cobalt, zinc, arsenic, etc., the mines giving employment to nearly 7,000 men. As a sequence to these vast resources the School of Mines founded at Frieberg in 1765 has become the most famous institution of the kind in Europe. Smelting, among other kindred industries, has been brought to perfection, and so thorough is the system adopted in obtaining maximum results at a minimum cost, that the value of by-products cover all working expenses. Low wages, an abundance of trained labour, and a supply of the best coke, are among the elements which contribute to these results. Asp dotted i out by experts in smelting, who speak from experience gained at Broken Hill and other mining centres, it is a question for serious debate whether the establishment of smelting works on the Tasmanian silver-fields will become an immediate source of profit, however good the ultimate results may be. The experience arising from centuries of practice in Germany cannot be attained at a bend in a new country. Even with liberal outlay commanding the best appliances, the high cost of skilled labour and the necessity of importing coke will always tell against the profit and loss account of mining management. Local smelting works will, of course, be necessary In reducing low-grade ores, which on assay prove scarcely worth son ling to Germany, and ia preliminary tests of bulk samples from the numerous mines which are opening up in all directions. In time also skill in manipula- tion will reach a stage at which assurance can be given that nothing is wasted, but meanwhile it is encouraging to know that the German smelters are able to treat effectively every ton of ore Tasmania can send them. We are not decrying the establishment and expansion of a local industry, but, with the proof positive given in the returns under notice, it is clear where the best class of ore should for the present be sent, and it is also clear that investors will be unwisely s sanguine if they suppose the same results, or anything approaching thereto, can be immediately gained in newly erected smelting works here. It is a very happy thing for the English people, that they have at this particular time at the head of their Foreign Office, be capable a statesman as Lord Salisbury. He seems to have inherited the true diplomatic spirit of former days, which many people had begun to think had passed away, and had been replaced by the excitable, sentimental, but essentially weak, method of which there were so many instances when Mr. Gladstone was in power. Such methods, often characteristic of Republics, always fail to accomplish the main thing which they seek to obtain, namely, the preservation of peace, since the whole history of he world shows that the very best way to cause writs to be afraid of it. Lord Salisbury has preserved the happy mean of being strong and decided, whilst he does nothing to offend. He has made it understood that Great Britain means to uphold her rights, whilst at the same time she will not de aught which may encroach on the rights of others. This is shown very strikingly in the course of the negotiations relative to the Behring Straits dispute, arising out of the strange calm of the United b tat cb to have a special and peculiar jurisdiction over those waters. The value of this claim is, by an adroit move to be tested by the Supreme Court of the United States, unless the Government can succeed in showing that the Court has not full jurisdiction. The question will be raised in regard to a vessel seized by the United States, the legality of which proceeding is now disputed. It is sig- rifle in that the efforts of the lawyers on the side of the United States Government should be directed mainly to objecting to the jurisdiction of the Court, as this may be said to show that they do not much rely on the merits of their case. Nor do the merits of the case appear to be very strong. Two pleas are set up : one that the Behring Sea is a mare claiming, acquired by the United States from Russia ; andtheothcr, that the seals are the property of the United States, and can be followed anywhere. The answer given is, that both Great Britain and the United States refused to listen for a moment to the claim which Russia set up as to the sea being a closed one, and that the United States could, not have bought what Russia had not to sell. ' As to the stars, they are wild animals, and, like all wild animals, are common property as soon as they leave the land upon which they, bred. It would be as rational' to claim private property He sea birds because if they breed in a particular place., i V f - -777 j < . ) ! ! / ' / $ Mr Kessell, Young makes in our i correspondence columns what we may call a great proposals secure the prospecting of a party tion of country believed to be rich in silver. The discoveries which have been made in the vicinity of Mount Field already show that there is wide scope for the prospectors in that locality, as what we know can but be a very small portion of ' what we do not know. j)Mr.)Youug proposes,,, therefore, that a National Prospecting Association shall informed,! for the purpose of getting this now almost unknown country fully tested, for if>rich'lodes should be discovered there the question as to what is called the Great (Western. Railway will at once be settled, since it will serve two mining fields, besides opening up a large extent of good agricultural land, and some of the finest timber in the colony. Mr Young's idea is that the number of shares issued to each i person shall be limited to ton of £1 . each, so that equality may be pre- [ served, and that in the event of value uJi'e discoveries being made, the persons who subscribe to the funds shall have a preferential claim for shares. The project is a bold one, which depends on general co-operation for success, but it is one to which great things may be accomplished if only it is taken up and carried out in the proper spirit. Hobart has so large an interest in the discovery of silver in the locality proposed to be prospected that it would be sound policy to make the joint effort. e, Gazette Extraordinary.-Ycsterdav a Gazette Extraordinary was issued, containing the following announcement a "Two trustees of the Latrobe Water District having to go out of office, in accordance with section 31 of the Latrobe Water Act, 1890, 94 Victoria, No. 52, the Governor in Council has been pleased, under the provisions of section 33 of the said Act, to extend the time for the election of two trustees, to take the place of those who go out of office, to Monday, the 29th day of June instant, between the hours of 1 and 3 p.m., at the Courthouse, Latrobe." -, Important Public Works -Tenders were received yesterday by the Public Works Department for several important works. For the construction of the new bridge across the Derwent at Bridgewater, Seven tenders were received ranging from ¿111,41)8 to £27,374. The three lowest tenders are -Wishart and Son (Adelaide), £10,41)810s. lOd.; Stephens and Brady, £17,448 5s. 10d.; McKenzie and Son (Melbourne), £18,123 19s. For proposed bridge over the Don, nine tenders were received, the lowest being £1,548, and the highest £2,147 7s. The three lowest tenders are G. Barker, £1,548 55.; Priest and Stephen, £1,075 and T A Bonney, £1,716 16s. (1d. Two tenders were received for station offices, sheds, etc., at Bellerive and Richmond-road Stations on the Sorell Railway, viz, Seabrook Bros., £5,095 14s. 2d.; Boland and Pemberton, £6,979 14s. 6d. The various tenders are at present under the consideration of the department, and will be decided in a few days. Colonial Timber.- -The desirableness of colonial timber, instead of imported pine boards berne" used in the floors of the new building about to be constructed at the Hospital for Insane, New Norfolk, was impressed upon the Minister of Lands yesterday by a deputation consisting of Captain Fisher, Messrs. Risby, Chesterman, and Ford. In reply, Mr. Pillinger stated that i he was Always anxious to foster local industries, and that she would go to this matter his earnest consideration. He would instruct Mr. Eldridge, (iovernmontarchitect, to make inquiries, and report the result. Camp of Instruction The work at the | Camp of Instruction yesterday consisted [of practice in squad drill in single and double ranks, and also in manual exercise. In the evening general leave was given, the number is being; desirous of visiting, the theatre. Intimation of further additions to the camp have been received, and it is expected that the number will total 43, consisting of 12 officers and 43 non-commissioned officers. The members submit most cheerfully to the routine of camp life, which is made to resemble barrack life as much as possible, and many of them are sacrificing a good week's pay at their ordinary avocations in order to attend and make themselves pro- ficient. Major Wallack keeps a record of the progress made by each individual, and when leaving camp those who make satisfactory progress will be presented with a certificate. To-day the drill will consist of tiring exercise, and in the evening Major Wallack will lecture on company drill in extended order. Rev. Mark Guy Pearse The conclud- ing days of the sojourn of this eminent,, lecturer and popular preacher in our midst are eminently characteristic of the war. On Tuesday, in company with Mr. W. M. Williams, he visited the S dinon Pond', and, being an enthusiastic angler, was much interested in all he saw. Returning from the Paris to New Norfolk, and learning that there was a Wesleyan Church in the township he proposed to preach. The welcome news was industriously circulated, and by 6 o'clock, the hour fixed for the service, there was a good congregation. The rev. gentleman proached to the delight | and edification of his hearers, and returned to the city the same evening. Last night he preached to a very large congregation at the Wesleyan Church, Melville street, from 2nd Corinthians, 1st chap., " Be perfect, be of good comfort." It was thought that the rev. gentleman would have departed to-day, but owing to the postponement of the departure of the Te Anau until to-morrow, another opportunity will be afforded of hearing him. Asked how he intended to spend the extra day, he replied, " Oh, I might as well lecture," and very kindly consented to deliver a lecture upon " Hugh Latimer," a story in five chapters. The lecture, which is described as a most interesting and instructive one, will he delivered in the May sales street Wesleyan Church to-night at 7.30 A collection will be made In aid of the Wesleyan Home Mission. Physiognomy. To-morrow evening Professor Colledge will appear in the Mechanics' ? Hall in an interesting physiognomical entertainment, admission to which will be free. On Monday evening the professor will also give a highly interesting lecture, combining some really practical instruction in the study of disposition or character reading. Mr. Uolledge announces that his visit will certainly Been end. During his stay he has given some remarkably truthful descriptions of character. City Band Assembly The attendance of dancers at the assembly held by the City Band last evening the Temperance Hill was not so large as the completeness of the arrangements warranted. Upstairs, bow over, in the gallery the onlookers mustered in full force, and apparently much enjoyed watching those down below indulging in the mazy dance, Mr. Cripps' band furnished very good music, and Mr. Turner attended to the creature comforts of those present. Dancing was kept up till the arrival of the early hours. _ Fbkk Lantkrn ExiliniTioN.-The Photo graphic, Science, and Art Association announce a free exhibition of limelight views in the Lacey-street Congregational Sunday School this evening. Upwards of 200 special slides of Tasmanian see very have been prepared for the occasion. The offer of such an entertainment should certainly draw a full house, more especially when tickets may be had gratis from Messrs. 'Walch and Sons. New Town- Literary and Debating Secret. The usual fortnightly meeting of this society was held in the Templars' Hall on Tuesday evening last There was a fair attendance of members. The subject for discussion was "Tramways," introduced by Mr. F. Rattle, and in which Messrs Hurst, Wright, and the President took part. Three now me no in were elected, and the meeting terminated. Central School. The annual presentation of prizes will take place this morning at 11 o'clock, when His Excellency the Governor, accompanied by Lady Hamilton, will attend and make the presentations. 1 Concert at Richmond.- A concert will be given in the Library Hall, Richmond, to-night, by the Richmond Band, assisted by a number of local talent. The Warden will preside. ' Holy Trinity Reminder is given of the musical entertainment which takes place to night, under the' auspices of the Parish Club in connection with this church. A (lengthy and varied programme will be submitted, commencing at 8 o'clock. Hoi.iîmiook F.C. At a meeting of the Holebrook Football Club last evening, Mr. Percy Willing was unanimously elected captain. Mr. F Clarke will take Mr. Eady's place on the committee until Mr. Eadytjs . well enough to he again in attendance. A'ccibknt on New/Town Road-List evening's somewhat serious accident on 'cured on, the lbw Town road, near the Talbot Inn Messrs Lciitham, Smith, Taylor,' and Mason, from New Norfolk, were riding in a pagnel, towards town, and in passing Cooley's 'bus, which was running her regular trip, the horse driven by Mr. Leathamshledattwolads who were sitting' o j the Water trough, and coming in contact with the 'bus team, the shaft of the vehicle penetrated the side of one of the 'bus horses, causing such severe injury, that the animal shortly afterwards died, and the body was dragged into an adjoining paddock out of the way. The violence of the collision threw Mr. Latham, who was driving, Brighton to his horses back, and he received a slight injury to his hand. So' far as can be' ascertained, no blame is attributable to either the driver of the buster Mr 'Loúfchiíiii, both being on their right? side of the road, and * driving steadily. . ' 'still > i An ASSAULT. Oil Monday night, P.C. Jackson, of the Territorial Police, was in Cuthbertson's boot shop when he heard a cry of "stop thief," Running out, he saw a man decamping with a pair of boots up Murray street. He followed and caught the man, but while he had hold of him a third person came up and struck the constable two blows which stunned him. The two men ran away without leaving their names with the constable or any means of identification. Yesterday he ascertained the name of his assailant against whom proceedings will be taken. Auscovdk»-Mis Wiseman reported yesterday that a boy named Albert Ferguson, aged 12, had absconded from the Boys' Home. Youthful Toyaokhs from Tasmania. The Arijtm of the 15th Inst. says :-" A couple of Hobart in Ja named Thomas Loveday, 10 years of age, and Fred! McVilley, 14 years of age, had a remarkable experience at the end of last week, if the statements they have made to the police can be credited Last night one of them went into the Rus sell-street police barracks, and told the constable on duty at the inquiry room, that a boy, who was then outside, had stowed himself away on the Te Anau on her trip from Tasmania. When first questioned, he pretended, shall he was merely acting in a good-natured farmer for the stranger, who was friendless and homeless and wanted the police to send him back to his relatives. Further inquiry showed that this was an invention, and after some cross examination the lads told a story which bots the impress of truth. They said that several days ago, while the Te Anau was taking in merchandise at Hobart they slipped on board to watch operations, and being absorbed in the spectacle, they did not in twos until it was I so late that the ship, had raised her anchors, and was bound for Melbourne. They made the best of their misfortune, and did not attempt to hide them selves. They landed in Melbourne on Sunday afternoon, and had spent the rest of the day and yesterday in wandering round the city. Becoming afraid of their loneliness, having no money or friends, and feeling homesick, they determined to seek the aid of the police. The police locked them up, and will charge them at the City Court this morning with being neglected children. Their parents will be at once communicated with ,f PATENT Whekuh, Cyclks, Pehambu latorm.-Agents wanted: Dunkley, Birmingham, Eng. , " Bri; his good dog, but hold-fait better." Many articles claim to accomplish what BATOUO. SAPOLIO. SA POLIO, really Hats. Try it and be convinced. Sold by Uruow. OruffUU, sad Iroumoutvi, I Cmr Poijcb Cocbt. - Before Mr. W. Tarleton, P.M., and Mr. J. R. Fryer, J.P., yesterday, Frederick Warner," a peace dis- ' timber, was fined 5s., or seven days for driving without lights Alfred Winch was ordered to pay 10s. An old man named J. William Foster pleaded guilty to wheeling a [ barrow on the footpath in Bathurst-street, and was fined 5s. A penalty of 10s]., in a default 14 days, was imposed on Edward Prentis, or Coderholin.5, for indecent be i haviour. Huon Road Trust It is officially notified that this Trust has fixed the road rate for the current year at Oil. in the £, and that Mr. James O'Bicino has been appointed collector-. Port Cost. A public meeting was held in Mr. Harvey's Hall on Saturday evening, 18th Inst, for tho purpose of forming a Railway League at Port Cygnet. The chairman (Mr. Fitzpatrick) explained the objects of the meeting, and expressed his regret that, owing to the inclemency of the weather the attendance was not so large as expected. He then read communications received from Dr. F. L Crowther, M.H.A., the Hon. the Minster of Lands, and Mr. Jones, of Franklin, A conversational discussion then took place, in which Messrs. Cockerill, Curtain, Clark, and others took part. It was ultimately proposed by Mr. Cockerill, and seconded by Mr. Curtain, " That a Railway League be formed here, and that entrance to the same be obtained on payment of 2s 6d. each, for the purpose of defraying the various expenses connected therewith. This was carried unanimously. The following are the names of the gentlemen who joined Messrs. Fitzpatrick, Cockerill, Wilson, Davies, Clark, Curtain, l MU er. T. and J. Smith, Thorp, Flynn, and Guy, Mr. Fitzpatrick was then selected as a delegate to join a deputation in the interests of the Port Cygnet Railway League. The meeting then terminated. Lono Bat Chaxnki..-A correspondent writes: "Captain J. W Evans addressed a large meeting of fruitgrowers on the afternoon of the 15th inst. He spoke for I close on one hour, and gave some very valuable information. At the close of his address a hearty vote of thanks was accorded him, and an expression of gratification manifested for taking so much interest in the welfare of the fruitgrowers of the district, and in aid of one of the staple industries of Tasmania and the hope was expressed that success would attend him and Messrs. Huddart, Parker and Co. for the manner in which they were treating the fruitgrowers. A vote of thanks to the chairman (Mr. J. W. Grove terminated a successful meeting." Home-The Curator of the Museum (Mr A. Morton) informs us that at a meeting of the Zoological Society of London, hold March 17, Mr. P. L. Sclater exhibited some hours with scalps attached, of an antelope sent to him from SomaliLand, shot by Mr. T. W. H. Clarke, of Hobart, during a recent trip to Africa. Mr. Sclate considered its new (species and described it as Ctrvicapra ClarkE. On a more careful examination it has been found to be a new genus allied to the gasworks Mr. Oldfield 'Thomas, in a paper to the society, giving a description of eight species of antelopes procured by Mr. Clarke in Somaliland, said he regarded the speci- men referred to by Mr. Sclater as constituting a new generic form allied to the gazelles, and proposed to call it Ammodorcai ClarE. Tasmania_"Anglo-Australian" in the European Mail of May 3 reports At the last meeting of the Launceston Exhibition Committee, it was quite settled that Captain William Plixmau will go out in charge of the exhibits of Messrs. Sutton and Sons, of Re siding. The display has taken 160ft. of floor space longitudinally, and the exhibit will include an extraordinary trophy. The flower, vegetable, an I fruit Bueds will make a great show, and especially the artistic examples and models to be shown of the results obtained. The schedule of exhibits to be made is quite a formidable document, extending to many sheets and embracing many items of great interest. As a somewhat remarkable instance of the widespread character of the influenza epidemic, I may mention that Mrs. Patchett Martin had invited a number of literary friends on May to meet " Tasnm" I (Madame Auguste Couvreur), who is at pre- I sent on a visit to London. No I sa than four out of the number, including " Tiisniu " her self, Mrs. Meredith, of) the island colony, Mr. Henniker Heaton, M.P., and Mr. Gilbert Park, were kept away by the malady. Among those who put in an appearance were Mrs. Campbell-Praed,, who came in, by-the-way, from the Royal Academy private view Miss Margaret Thomas, Mrs. Charles Bethell, and Messrs. R. S. Smythe, H. H. Champion, and H. R. Marriott Wat- j son. At the drawing-room held on May 6 Lady Braddon, the wife of the Agent General for Tasmania, was presented by Lady Knutsfo d. Miss Fawns is here. This lady is, it may be remembered by some of my readers, the daughter of the late Mr. Fawns, who was a well-known clergyman in Tasmania, and who has been dead some time. Miss F Was has been travelling on the Continent, and will return thither shortly. I believe the young lady in question is to be married before very long. In reference to Mr. Pringle, the Tasmanian Binder to whom I referred recently, and whose voice has been so highly praised by competent judges, I should not be surprised if he is shortly engaged by the Carl Rosa Company. A Sydney Mysjjkry.-At about 11 o'clock on the 10th inst. the Sydney Water Police discovered the body of a woman, name unknown, lying on the western shore of Shell Cove, North Sydney. The body was conveyed to the North Sydney morgue, where it was found to be that of a woman between 50 and 60 years of age, of dight, spare build, about 5ft. 4in. high, with dark brown hair 11 turning grey. There was a full set of false teeth in the upper jaw, and four false teeth I was in the lower jaw. There was a superficial cut on the forehead, and the right eye 1 brow was bruised. The woman's dress was of black cashmere, and on her feet were woollen stockings and elastic side boots. In the pocket of her dress a sixpenny piece and four coppers were found. The Iid ty had evidently been in the water but a few hours. The Echo remarks : " The discovery of the dead body of a woman in Shell Cove, not far from the spot where the boat used by the missing chief officer of the Lusitania was found, is a strange coincidence, although it 1 may be entirely unconnected with the , mystery which surrounds that gentleman's late. Medical evidence showed that the woman's body had probably been in the water about as many days, as had elapsed since Mr. Barker hired the boat, and vanished, leaving no trace behind him. The discoveries of upturned boats and drowned cadavers all Hung'y Hay are not so common as to prevent suspicion that there may be a link between the two. Or is it another Bermagui mystery within sight of Government DOUBT The Antarctic Expedition, telegram has been sent to the Academy of Sciences at Stockholm from Adelaide, stating that Sir Thomas Elder's contribution of 5000 to Baron Nordenskjold Antarctic expedition it still available, if he is assured that the total sum of £10,000, which is proposed to be raised, is sufficient for the thorough equipment of the party. It is hoped that Mr Parson's motion 111 the Assembly will result in South Australia providing £500 to supplement Sir T. Elder's gift. It is in tended that the vessels of the expedition shall visit Port Adelaide and the other Australian ports before proceeding to the Antarctic regions Count Wachtmeister, a Swedish nobleman, who has been in Adelaide during the past week, had been actively promoting the interests of the expedition. The Count is now visiting Broken Hill. a DAm rou Sooth Aü^walia.-The Cob- but! Con eral for Denmark in Melbourne, Mr. F. W. Were, passed through Adelaide' on Friday last for Melbourne, having been one of the guests at the opening of the Tarrawingee tramway. Mr. Frederick Wright, the Vice-Consul in Adelaide, had an interview with Mr. Ward in reference to the advice given recently to a Danish traveller to the effect that it was undesirable under present conditions to encourage foreign emigration to South Australia. Mr. Were thoroughly approved of the course taken by Mr. Wright, who stated that his remarks applied only to induce minute omif ration, without a guarantee of employment t on arrival. He would be only too pleased to facilitate the, introduction of carefully selected Danish domestic servants, who would find ready and certain employ went in and around Adelaide, AusTRALIAN Arrives The street hawkers in London are selling Ahst'slian apples in immense numbers just now of course the com nioner qualities only (says a London gossip). ! The sellers use in the habit of advertising, their wares by means of roughly executed sketches and striking catching, such as a fat policeman in outline, with the legend, " This is the chap that loves apples and a thin one close by underlined " This is the one that doesn't. But the neatest thing of the kind, perhaps, is the placard, V Australian apples, just arrived from the old country," which was to be seen lately on a barrow in the Farringdon-road. ' [ A DisausTiNo Pickxb ' Factoryí The Argus of the 16th reports At the Richmond Court on Monday, before Messrs. Weatherill (mayor), Hartnell and Jones, Thomas Oldmeadow, proprietor of a pickle factory in Swan street, East Rich, s(J w proceeded against by the health me, under permitting a nuisance on his pre-' was The evidence of Inspector Taylor. v Public Health Board, showed that Sii'lK 28th May he found on defendant's premises about 30 casks partly filled with decayed vegetables and rotten pickles, which were in a state of fermentation. The inspector had made arrangements to have theuffcniiio matter removed, but in the meantime the defendant had it deposited on a vacant piece of ground close to the railway line This intensified the nuisance, him the services of the local scavengers were called into requisition to remove some of the oldest sive matter and deodorise it with fine. '119 stench was so strong that the men could scarcely stand it. The defendant's only ex. case was that trade was dull, and this he was about to vacate the premises, and had not the means to remove the Bluff. A fine of 40s. or seven days' imprisonment, with £3 15s. 6d. costs was inflicted. 