TOPICS OF THE WEEK. Special attention is directed to our Christmas number of 1891, in connec tion with which no effort has been, spared in order to render the matter contained withiD its limits as interest ing to the reader .as, possible. The number contains an attractive' collec tion of stories, which, 'under the title of *? Told at the Ford,' ( have been written by ^pr.vJ,, S^Nottege^especjaliy: for. the issue, besides a number of tales, poetry, and articles suitable for ! the ?? festive period of the year.. One feature to which attention, is called is the publica tion of a number of pictures of various spots of interest in Tasmania, a des criptive article, written up to date, ap pearing with each. Tbis step has been, taken principally in view of the double interest attaching to attractive Tas manian localities during the period of the present Exhibition and throughout the summer xnoDths. The Christmas number will, undoubtedly, prove an appropriate and interesting souvenir of the island for sending to distant friends, whilegeneralreaderswillfind in its many and varied articles plenty to enchain their attention. « ? * # ' In the St. John Ambulance Associa tion we have in our midst an institution which deserves to be fostered in every way possible. At present those who Bhould be the first to avail themselves of the manifold advantages to be derived from active participation in member ship have hardly realised ? the great amount of. good the teachings of the association tend to convey into all com munities where sickness and pain oxisk As Archdeacon Hales pointed out at the annual meeting on Monday, evening last, 'their desire was to impart .to those who attended the classes a know ledge of tb e human frame.' In Great Britain and also in various parts , of the colonies the association has. worked in calculable, good by the instruction which, through its medraro, has been' afforded to railway employees, police, members of Fire Brigades, Bailors, resi dents of country districts, and others who are always liable to be called upon to act speedily in case of any accident occurring in connection with which they might be enabled to lend a hand. Lady Hamilton, who has invariably' taken a very active ' '[ interest .Ba the workings of the institution,' and who on Monday , last ? waai presented with the -association's' gold medallion in recognition of ; ; her efforts, by her untiring advocacy of such an admirable work as that in which the members are now engaged has set an example which our island woman kind, would find it well worth iheir while to follow. Her Ladyship advcK cates the extension of education in the direction aimed at by . the association through the medium of lecture's l de^1 livered to residents in the country, ndt by medical , men. alone, but by lay members of the association. ; Employers of labour, she very properly' points out, ?, shoiild' also, take an interest in the subject, and valuable, livea, might .thus;, be saved. The recent formation i of' a ' Nurses' Association ?: in ; our ' midsfci' ?'??? through the advocacy, of; Iiady';. Hamit' ' ;on, adds an»ther .name tb^pur/list' of\', useful, and therefore desirable,' institu«;\ tioris. .':'???.: ?;;.-;? ;;...,-L o.-j -J':-::i: :.;;.:?!-.?{?; c-i:--,l ? vi-'jiK ?!?! ; ?:?? y.-*i '*? #J:#i't v:t' Hi i-.,(j(.t; ?' \ jf« THE;;pnit^S^es:,cafl;lno;^origerU , be.spoken/of ; .as.peoplei; byj a'ri.Erigiish; ; ? . racei''i ?- ?. So-; 'contends a writer-: in ? that ] ' tersely] writtoh;-' and K widely/ circulated1'' l'dus'trial journal the' 'TexiM Mercuiy?' 'he writer of the,, lines quoted -above roceeds to.point ?. out it has been . th: : ' chief source 'of anxiety to pessimists in? ' 'discussing the future: of the,' British17 Isles that across the, Atlantic;, wa^.V a,'', nation composed of English-, flesh and ' blood, with far. greater, opportunities for- - development' in a vast continent .than r' obtains in the comparatively, smalL,; area , of Britain. '..^ It 'w.as,'; ;':ihe,;;; writer . states, ?.'. to. .he. Anglo-Saxon.. ' versus Anglo-Saxon- in the; struggle fqr supremacy ,: with. odds' on. th'e Americaii. ; branch. But; \ obviously, ,','the!:, Ahglo-. .' Saxon element in the 'United States,-.; cannot form such a substantial element ? in the total population as many think, when out of; total immigration of/ . 469,276 dvmng the first nine month's':, of the present year, only 40,702 were: ? English. In the German, Scotchj Swiss, English, Danish,: Scandinavian,;, and Dutch elements of its population . the United States, judging - from, European experiences, gains elements1 of stability. But these .form less than one-half of the fresh arrivals who landed on American shores from .;'? January to September of this - year. As^to the rest, the republic certainly cannot be complimented on its acquisi tions. Englishmen hold it is, welcome' to its Polos, its Italians, and its mixtures ?'. from Eastern Europe, who, presumably^ - | in times to come will unite their blood with that of their neighbours, and from I this hotch-potch,' the writer . contends, I ?' 'yr'e Bhall then see ; that type which is I in the future to be representative of I ie great American people;'-' !Althougb 1 .„? ! ? :: Y:' -..;.'.??*.:'.,- ?-' ? -..??? ,'?:'? «.:.' '??)' ':..-.? 1 /.?'?? ??wVcinnofcp'titHbis' distant date, form : any estimate as to the character that type will assume, we may be quite sure that if will have no claim to the title of Anglo-Saxon or Teutonic, and that is the only race whose competition bo far we hare had reason to fear. ...'„.- ??.##?# The, result of the dispute over the alluvial ground on the original leases of 'the ?' Tasmania G.M. Company, at Beaconsfield, is preoisely what we anticipated. No fresh legislation hasi been passed affecting the decision given by Mr Commissioner Shaw fn 1878, and therefore what was law then is law now, and the decision* of Mr Commissioner Glover was from ths outset known to himself and everybody else acquainted with the facts of the case. Tor the benefit, however, of those apt1 acquainted with the history of Beaconsfield, we may briefly explain the error into which the miners were led through, a misconception of the letter from the Secretary of Mines. Originally the Tasmania Company held three 10:acre leases, granted under the Qoldfields Begulation Act of 1870, which gave them the right to both gold and alluviaL They, subsequently ac quired, by purchase the Golden (Jate Company's lease of 3£ acres, and a few years ! ago the leases of the Florence Nightingale, Company and Lefroy Com panv, of 10 acres each, and Daily's 'United Company, of 30 acres. The leases of these companies were on the 80-acre ; loaee of the Hematite Iron Company, on which Mr Douglas had relinquished all claims to the. alluvial deposits in consideration of receiving from the Lands Office (we had no! separate Mines Department; in those days) a gold mining lease of 30 acres (part of the 80-acre section) for quartz only on the eastern slope of the Cabbage Tree range. The Florence Nightingale and Lefroy claims, were in this, 30-acre lease, and ; the sub-lease granted by Mr Douglas to the pro moters of these companies contained a prbviBp that be was to receiye a royalty orijthegold raised. The alluvial ground had,, previously been worked out unaer miners' rights, but the upper portion of the, lead was in the original leases _ of tie Tasmania Company, and remains there, -, as it - has never . been sys tematically worked by that company. Mr'Belstead was1 correct in stating that,7' any . , alluvial gold ' that m'ayJ exist on any of the Tas-. mania, i,. Company's- leases,: except the original, three sectionscan be taken up and forked under miners' rights, bjit^He.i alluvial on. these was worked out iin ,1 878. .! It jwoujd, however, appear that -the Secretary for Mines was not explicit' enough; and thej miners may -:Fe excused for falling into the error of-,imagining he referr,ed:to\the whole of libe ' ground' 'held' by' the Tas mania .Company. -???'??- ???? . . . ? ' .,;-ao?^ ????-''??*'? ????.?*?:??' '?;/?? ?^.?'?,;- . -^PTBR'a'weftry session; of .(nearly fiye * monthg and\a;ha1f (Parliame^OA, 1,8th: insiagtf cqncljuided,:its'i:.lab'ours: .for ! the; preient -yetu\'. Both, Houses djmet on July»:-'7|; and private syndicate '? ;bills were i the principal ! btisiriess'for ; the first tKree'monthsV',! The. ''.'determined stand, taken 'by 'the Council over; expenditure on' public works has been the ? cause of a least a month's'delay' at'th'e 'tail.end of the' session, and the' Assembly jhas.at length' ,hadvto, bow to the decision of the Tipper i. House. : The prorogation' of Parliament will be announced' in a few LThe-: summary, ;;inariner in which the Speaker of the House of Assembly dis missed ; the ; point of' order raised': by Col. St. Hill at a ''recent' sitting has been ? a: matter., of -.comment in political circles since. It appears that on the previous day the House adjourned till 9 p.m. oh Friday, 18th instant,' arid at , the . last named hour there; was not, a quorum present, in fact only two members put in an appearance. At a quarter-past nine there were only eleven members in their places, and this being so it was the'duty of the Speaker, according to rule ? 27 of the Standing Orders^ 'to count the House, and if one-third of the members be not then present, he Bhall adjourn the House without a ques tion first put, to the next sitting day.' The Speaker did not enter the' Chamber till ten. minutes after a quarter. past nine, in, the meantime other members having arrived sufficient to make a quorum. Col, St. Hill asked for! * ruling on th«- point 'and -was informed iMt'hp v^e 'Sjewker) ;'$m ^ Tmjiybidjibly ; absent' at the time. '- Now if the Speaker was absent all we can say is that he had no right to be. A very dangerous preceden t has been established , ;and one that will probably result in .complications. ' ? ? ? ? . In the Legislative Council on 17th inst. the following motion by Mr Crosby was carried netn con : — ' That tha time is opportune for negotiating with neighbouring Australian Govern ments for a reciprocal free-trade inter course between the colonies.' During the discussion which followed, the mover advocated the suicidal policy of retaliation by ' imposing high duties on all articles imported from those colonies that had placed high duties upsn Tas manian products.' Strange how differently a subject appears when viewed from different standpoints, WhenNew South Wales wastakingTas manian produce free, we imposed duties on her products, and scoffed at the idea of Much- action being resented, but now that the parent col«ny threatens to 'do uoto others as she has been done by,' Victorian, South Australian, and Tas manian legislators talk of ' retaliation.' Reference was also made to the attempt made by. the Douglas Administration to secure reciprocity with Victoria, which failed through the opposition raised in the latter colony,aud the general feeling appeared to be that South Australia should be now approached with pro posals for reciprocal freertrade inter course. : Strange to say an', almost similar motion to that of Mr Crosby was last week : adopted by the South Australia Assembly. After; a lengthy debate, . the fol lowing motion by Mr . Grainger |was carried— M That in the opinion, of this House ithe Government1 should itake'steps' to secure free-tracle between the Australian colonies.' Mr Grainger, ;whb, held, somewhat similar ideas to !Mr i Crosby about ' retaliation' on jolonieB that would not' enter into reciprocity; mentioned that he had re-. ;ceived a' letter from a Tasmanian gen tleman urging the necessity of inter colonial fiee-trade, as the New South Wales protective tariff was keeping out Tasmanian fruit. In supporting the motion Mr Butler said that 'intercolonial ??free-trade would probably be a greater benefit to South Australia than to any pf the other colonies. She was essenti ally a producing colony with a small population, and a great deal of her pro duce must' be absorbed by the other colonies. South Australia was already suffering from the New South Wales protective tariff, as New South Wales was, sending more produce , t6 , the Barrier. That showed how intercolonial free-trade .-. would ; benefit . South Aus tralia.' The Premier of Tasmania' has1 promised' that he ' will take' a holiday during, the recess, and visit 'some, ,of the otber^coionies'with a View; of [ascertain-, ing what' are'the-prospeets ;of J reciprocal treaties with other colonies,;- and where 'a mutual dersire*!'f6r .closer;' commercial, \ unionr ,.,h,as,. ,been. already, : shown.: the prospects of 'a successful .issue- seem' highly favourable: '- ' . ?' ?' --; - ? ?' ! ' » . «'.-#,-i ?-.:;;:.?:;.' '??? ??'??? ; -THjiTgoqcl, people of Wellington,,, the seat of goyerhm ent in ? ? New : , Zealand, have always exhibited a strong desiro to 1 monopolise1 the ^Governor to themselves. . 1 The ' city .'; has ' not' ;; kept- '?'pace,, with IPunediri, .Christcburch', or Auckland. in growth of population, development of resources, or commercial enterprise, but 1 is has'beentbe centre of the officialism of the country,, ,and has been mainly' . dependent'on public expenditure. .The ? Governor being regarded as a sort of official sim, around- which all the lesser lights revolve, his prolonged; absence from the capital' is apt to throw society temporarily out-: of gear, and to- cause: some depression : in business. When Lord Onslow took up his residence in another part of New Zealand there. was a flutter among the fashionable dove cots, and all ' sorts of rumours were in circulation to account for his absence. Wellington society indulged in a petulant fit of discontent, and an air of ennui pervaded the salons of. the nouveaux riches. For some time Lord Onslow was indifferent to the attacks in the press and the canards of the drawing rooms, but at last he formally resigned his position as Governor, and then the real cause of bis aversion to Wellington as a place of residenc transpired. Two years ago, while residing in the capital, his son : and heir and hifl aide de camp were prostrated with' -typhoid fever, and were at one time, at death's door, but ultimately 're- 'cp'v:ere^;;, Tkere ww.iftpTOpo^; before the ratepayers- to improve the sanitary condition of the city by a system of drainage, but this was rejected, and when the lever season came round again with its customary punctuality, the deadly typhoid re-visited Govern ment House. Lord Onslow, having before him a choice of evils, chose the least. He might have remained in the fever-stricken city until all his family and suite had fallen victims to the disease, or lived out of Wellington and had to face the storm of indigna tion which his absence would have evoked. He solved the problem by resigning the Governorship. 