GEJRMAN EXTRACTS. [Translated and condensed from the " Australisclie Zeitane."! (By J. A. Markeht.) I The fourth World's Poatal Congress, at tended by 100 members, which recently coucludcd their labors in Vienna, after 13 years' preliminary work, included seven colonies, viz., South New Wales, Vic toria, South Ausrralia, Queensland, Tas mania, New Zealand and the Fiji Islands. The union embraces now 100,000,000 square kilo metres, with 1,000,000,000 more or less civilised inhabitants. The postage will be reduced from the 1st October. The president greeted tlio Australians, and the importance of the moment increased by the whole assembly rising, and the representatives of the four old continents, the American Potter, the Italian Chiaradia, the Egyptian Saba Pasha, the representative of the British India Kisch, and the Brazilian Betim each in succession joyfully welcomed Australia as the youngest member. The Australian representatives, Sir Saul Samuel, Sir Graham Berry, Herr Basedow and Sir Arthur Black wood expressed their satisfaction that, through Australia joining the union, a mighty advance in civilisation had been achieved. The debates Were carried on in French. The " Koelnische Zeitung" states that the tounder of the World's Postal Congress is the German Imperial Postmaster Stephan. All cultivated States with the exception of China, were represented at the Cougress. One of the youngest members was German-East Africa. In honor of the occasion Wagner's celebrated opera *• Lohengrin'- was by command especially performed at the Imperial Theatre. In the " Prater" under the arcades of the World's Exhibition Rotunda au Austrian postmuseum was opened, giving a very interesting picture of the historical development of postal matters, from the earliest to the present times, including a collection of postage stamps, important docu ments and numerous curiosities. But the best illustration of the postal progress is furnished by statistics. The removai of 1,200 different postal charges in the international service and their reduction to a cheap union rate have in areased the correspondence upon the earth since 1S74, from 3,300 million pieces to 14,760 million in the year 1SSS, including 6.920 million letters, 1,550 million post cards, 5,690 million printed publications, 100 million samples, 240 million post office orders and 260 million packets, with or without indication of money value. The extent of the World's Postal Union is at present given as S7 million square kilometres, with 915 million souls. Berne, in Switzerland, forms the international bureau of the World's Postal Union, whose president, Herr Borel, in Vienna, ha3 also to perform a chief portion of the great work. Ou the motion of Herr Stephan, the chair was taken by Herr von Obentraut, Austrian Postmaster in Chief. The Minister of Commerce, Marquis de Bacquehem, in his French greeting, particularly pointed out that amongst the representatives of the World's Postal Union was that illustrious personality, that distinguished man, who had first conceived the great idea of a world's post. At his side were setting the men who had worked wjth hini tu create the foun dations for thrvt grand peoples' union." Great attention was continually shown to the deputies. For instance on Thursday, being Corpus Christi day, a Roman Catholio Church celebration or whioh the Emperor and his court display especial splendour, a private spectators' tribune was expressly constructed for them. At Prague, Bohemia, a great Czech-French festival of fraternisation lately took place, when 4,000 persons were present. The "Marseillaise" was sung 17 times, and a banner carried about by students bearing the inscription " Vive la France." According to the "Koelnische Zeitung," the military travels of Emperor William during this autumn, have been fixed. In the first days of September the monarch will pay a visit to the Emperor of Austria and witnoM the Austrian manoeuvres; from \h$ $th the 12th September, tho££ or Bavaria, in the neighborhood 9^ Munohen. The so called Imperial inanv<iuvre3 will begin on the 12th September near Erfurt. On these travels the pflipiror will be accompanied by the Imperial Chancellor, General von Cuprivi, who does not intend claiming leave of absence, this year. J In Egypt a new " Gewerbesttjua^y&setz; " (law referring to taxes on, o;;. ieei ior patents, or carrying on a trail.?;, has' recently Veen passed. Excepted alienors, artists, teachers, public officials, commercial travellers, representatives of foreign firms and manufactures, etc The Russian Government has ordered that German purchasers shall only be allow^l io buy in Russian bonndaiy markets \risn the loc»! customers have been supjliec^ This new law seems to be similar t^onl'passed iu tho "middle ages of West?;:} ^nropo. The U,vruw 01 Antwerp is to be enlarged, iho river So^eide iu Belgium be im proved, \- There is a possibility of '.-io Jews acquiring Palestine, provided a gtod sum can be paid to the Osmauic G.ovii'nm6nc, which is generally hard up. Pi' proclamation of President Harrison j 1.1)00,000 acres of the ludian reservation fort i berthokl, in North Dacota, America^ wo ready for general settlement. An electric exhibit::?;! v?as lately opened at Frankfurt in the presence of Empress Fried* rieh. 7.he presideutof the united States of America 13 travelling in a special train consisting of five luxurious Pullman carriages. ° Dogs are in the German army not onlv used as _carriers of military despatches, but also trained to find out soldiers wounded in war. In the budget commission of the Qermau Rt'iclistarj the sum of 1,4*25,000 marks has been granted for Cameroon, Africa The demand for horse rations was reje?t;d. At the meeting of the German Warriors' Union held afe Halle, A.S., represDntatives of 6,000. farmer soldiers from all parts ef Germany were present. The "Freimaurer 2eitung," referriug to Free |masonry in Madagascar, reports from the jodge Imerina:r."FiJho._ Jpsuits are carrying on a mortal corabut v,;ith 113. 3;iey excommunicato not only l>j'eemasons themselves, but also their 1 il&mHies.; They publish pamphlets againstus, and had ovon the impudence to state that theQueen'3 and hor Minister's live3 were indanger since the establishment of a Freemasons' lodge at Mada- J gascar, The Ruasii'.n scientific expedition has started for an c-xploratioa of South Buoi)iir<i, Pamir, and Kafiristan. An exhibition representing the flora anil fauna of Africa has been opened at Vienna, under the leadership of the African explorer, Dr. Emil Holub. Ths aboriginals as living in their huts are represented by models formed of plaster of Paris, and the whole is very life like. The Nord Deutsche Lioyd has, forwarded in 1S90 to New York S4.3S0 persons, and during the last tea years on the same line 731,2SG per sons to New York, which, calculating those brought from New York in exchange, brings the number to nearly a million persons. The directors of the Imperial Theatres in Warsaw have bought 3,000 opera glasses, placing each at tho disposal of visitors at an increased price of admission of five kopeks. During thunderstorms the telegraph offices in Germany are temporarily closed. The steamer Bearn has returned COT Italian immigrants from the Argentine Republic and Brazil, owing to the desperate state of local affairs. A practical head in New Jersey will make the tremendous power of sea waves available for a water lifting machine. Miss Frederickson has obtained the great golden medal of the University of Copenhagen for a treatise on pedagogy. A battle picture exhibited in Vienna entitled "Der Sturm auf St. Privat" was so well executed that two visitors, a lieutenant-colonel and a corporal who were in active service during the battle, and who had not seen each other for 20 years, at once recognised the scene and heartily shook hands after the casual meeting. In Munsterberg, Silesia, a man died at 105 years of age. He was born under Frederick the Great. The fast sailing ^steamer "Fursfc Bismarck" has had a splendid run from Hamburg to New York, surpassing the previous quickest trip by 7J hours. A comparison betweeu German and English steamers, taking Southampton—New York as a parallel, shows :—"Furst Bismarck, duration of voyape 15S hours (6 days 14 hours), Columbia, 1G5 hours; Nnrmannia, 166 hours; City of Paris, 166 hours; Majestic, 170 hours; City of New York, 193 hours; Spree, 200 hours. The Hamburg American Packet Boat Co, in Hamburg, whose representative in New York is Herr Carl Schurz, has received a congratula tory telegram on the Lapp}' event. Nielson, a Councillor of War, who recently died in Schleswig, was known as a declared enemy of matrimony. Before his death he willed to his servant and a female cook, 20.000 Danish crowns each, under the condition that the portion of one should fall to the lot of the other so soon as the servant or the cook entered the married state. No sooner was the councillor dead than the two married each other, and settled down in Hamburg, where they have been for six years. The relatives residing in Copenhagen, who only lately received informa tion, consider that the conditions referring to marriage have been broken by the two con tracting parties, and claim the 40,000 crowns. The matter is in the hands of the lawyers. The decision of the law courts is anxiously ex pected. During the winter 1633 a man sentenced to death in Hamburg was hung, and afterwards delivered to the hospital. Whilst the resident surgeon. Dr. Schlegel, was handling the corpse, the stiflly and hard frozen arm of the criminal struck the doctor so heavily on the head that he fell to the ground. The blow and flight had killed him. A gardener sent from Germany to Cameroon, Africa, reports the cultivation of bananas, cotton, cocoanut, etc. He has 00 to 70 work men and as many boys under his control, and complains, about the Cameroons being lazy and indolent. Beer and potatoes are wanting. They live on goats' meat, fowls, parrots, smoked beef, bread and rice. In his letters to his friends he expressed a hope that the fever, which has already carried away several Germans may spare him. 