"?501729 Australia: [By Tbleobap h.] (From our CORREspONDENT.) Adelaide, May 29. The Marine Board have held an inquiry into the stranding of the Glamis, at Kingston, on May 12. They have decided that the casualty was due to negligence on the part of the chief officer in not fixing or recording the positions of the vessel when finally anchor- ing, -The board are also of opinion that the master is blameable in (having an inexperienced and uninstructed apprentice on watch all night. They also point out that there was no light on the binnacle. No material damage having been sustained by the vessel, the Board do not propose to take further action. i i , - The result of the ballot taken by the Port Augusta branch of the Amalgamated Shearers Union, on the question of all members staying at home until engaged through the Union office is regarded as satisfactory, there being fully 95 per cent in favour of this course. The Union agents anticipate' that sheep owners will have a difficulty in getting; shearers to shear in consequence of the unsettled state of shearing matters. The committee of the branch have expressed the deepest sympathy with the Queensland Unionists. The first meeting of the Adelaide share holders in the Central mine, Broken Hill, was held this morning. Mr Baker L.C. presided, and there was a fair attendance of shareholders. There is practically 19,26 to the credit of the Company, and an overdraft of -13,625, which is attributable to the assets not being immediately realisable. More ore is in sight than has ever before been the case. Sir Wm Milne was re-elected a director. Three hundred and fifty cattle have been successfully inoculated against pleuro pen monia from virus obtained from Brisbane. The Government have sent a cablegram to the Agent-General asking him to support the request of of Victoria to the Admiralty that the Australian Auxiliary Squadron should sell via Albany. The Governor has also sent a cablegram to Lord Knutsford to the same effect.' There is now in Adelaide, in the person of Emil Opffen, a representative of the Veitved, a daily newspaper of Denmark. His passport is quite an interesting document, showing that he has travelled all over the world. The chief object of his visit is to enquire whether there is an opening for Danish immigration. Mr. Wright, the Vice Consul for Denmark, has informed him that under present conditions he does not think it desirable to encourage immigration of foreigners. The Government of South Australia have decided to take the preliminary step of asking Parliament to consider the Commonwealth Bill, with the view of suggesting any amendment that may appear to them wise to adopt. Afterwards Parliament will be asked whether or not, in their opinion, another Federal Convention should be called for the purpose of going over the Bill again. It is probable that the Government will propose that the Bill be referred directly to the electors of the Province for their vote -aye or ne upon it. The idea of electing a convention, as proposed in Queensland, to decide on the merits of the Bill, is not regarded with much favour here. In view of the political crisis in New South Wales, and the likelihood that the discussion of the Bill both in that colony and Victoria will be considerably protracted, the Minis try do not intend, to press the Bill very quickly. It is recognised also that the mere bees require some time to become thoroughly acquainted with the published proceedings of the Federal Convention. Mr. Goyder, Government Assayer, has furnished the Commissioner of Crown Lands with the, following analysis of a sample of brown coal from the Leigh's Creek bore from a depth of 1,512 feet Volatile hydro- carbons 28 90, coke ash deducted 39 94, more, care 2205. The non-caking ash is moderately white. 