Shipping The " howard smith line LEAVE . . XHE MUNICIPAL WHARF, FOOT OP QUEEN STREET, fob sydney, melbourne, and adblaxpb- '1'iiis Day, Fob. 10 1 3 p.m. gabo 1'kiday, Feb. 18 „ uuuwah Friday, Cob. 20 | „ rodondo mallvborough and kookhampi'on Wbarvea, , Vbiday, Feb. 18 I 9 p.m. I RODONDO fbidat, Feb. so |'b p.m. luURWAH ROUKBAMFION V _ ha®d boy) townbvillb Eunaoness CaruweU _ ' Mourllrau BUNINYONO, JohnBtone River r CAIRNS THE DAY, 4 p.m. PORT DOUGLAS OOOKTOWN THURSDAY ISLAND NORMAN TON BURKET'OWN 'Crmahlpolna at TownBvtlle. SEOOND-oaRIN passengers provided With FOOD, BEDS, So. cargo for all forts beoeived daily. Further partloulars upon application to WM. HOWARD SMITH & SONS, LntlTBD, MUNICIPAL WHARVES, ' Foot of Quoen etreet. USTRALASI AN UNTrED STEAM NAVI- GATION COMPANY, LIMITED. Steamers ol the above Company sail as under — V BAROOO, SYDNEY I SATURDAYl a.m. ' mot?da y, ?p.m. t adelaide . birk3gatb, J TUESDAY Nonfc, 3p m. MARYBOROUGH I RANBLAGH, BUNDABERG 1 TO- MORROW, 4 p.m. BUNDABERG \ GLADSTONE ( EURIMBLA, ROOKHAMPTON ( MONDAY Next, 4 p.m. Whprf J rookh dumpton 1 MAOI?(Ela?top) BOIVEN " ARAWATTA, TOWNSVILLE SATURDAY, Noon. DUNGENESS I OARDWELL f MOURILYAN HARBOUR I OINTRA. "JOHNS CONE RIVER TUESDAY, Feb. 17. CAIRNS PORT DOUGLAS COOKTOWN . THURSDAY ISLAND) OINTRA, BURRETOWN I TUESDAY, Feb. 17. FROM SYDNEY- NOUMEA (Now Caledonia) I ROOKTON, JNKW HEBRIDES > _ Suva and levuka ("Wednesday, (Fiji) J Transhipping at TownsrUle L Transhipping in Sydney for Melbourne X Transhipping in Sydney or Melbourne 1 Docs not call at Bowen. For further partlcgat Qvp MARY BTREEC. UTEAM TO BUNDADERU DIRECT. The S.S. GLENEL0, Captain J. Halsdon, win loavo Collin's Wharf, foot of Boundary street, TO-MORROW (Wednesday), February ll, Cimto'and passengers at reduced. rates. wm. gollin, Agont. f\ Y M P 1 B, V I A NOOBA. quick and cheap route by rail The OULiGOA e., A. Goodoll, Master, will leave our wharf. South Brisbane, for Noosa, on MONDAY, February 10, at 7 p.m. Through Passages to Cooraii £l and IBs.; thence by rail Ss. 2d. and 2b. 2d. M'GHUS, LUYA, CO., " Agen'fl. Orifnt line of royal mail steamers. Orient and Faciflo Company's stoamors will eavo for LONDON, via usual ports and Sues Canal, calling at Colombo, Naples, and Gibraltar, asfollowH Leavo Lsavo Leave ££0 Sydnoy. Mel- Ado- bourne, laido. Noon. 1p.m. 4 p.m. LU8ITANIA 8877 4000 Feb. 2 Fob. 7 Fob. 11 OROYA ... 0057 7000 Fob. 16 Fob. 21 Feb. 25 ORIZABA ...6077 7000 March 2 March 7Mch.lL ORIENT ... 5866 6000 March 10 March 21 Moh. 26 ORM.UK ... 0031(7000 March 30 April 4 April 8 And fortnightly thorenfter. First and Second Saloon through Tickets issued to Bombay, Calcutta, Madras, Ponang, Singapore, Datuvlu, Hongkong, Shanghai, and Yokohama. Rcducod through Fares, Brlsbano to London. Saloon Passengers arc allowed to break their Journey, Eiitiro Cabins Reserved on Most Liberal Terms, PASSAGE MONEY.— Suloon, £66. £03, and £70 , Sooond, £81 10a. and £37: Third. Two-bortU Cabin, £33 each adult. Four-berth Cabin, £30 euoh adult, and open bonus, £18 18s., Including food, bedding, tablojind cabin requisites : alao steward's attend/nice. Excursion Return Tlokots at Ro- duced Rates. Through Passengors on their arrival In Sydney by commoting steamer, havo the privilege of going direct on board the Orient Btcamers and avoid hotel expenses. First Saloon Passengers, both out and homo, BOOKED HERE AT SAME RATES to and (rom Sydney. , , Overland fores to Sydnoy at reduced rates to through pnsBougors por Orient Lino. For full partioulaxs apply, in Briabano, to ' B.D. MOREHEAD & CO. j-.ueensland hoi al maii, line UNDER CONTRACT WITH THE QUEENS LAND GOVERNMENT. The following Steamers will be deapatohsd for London vla Ports in Northern Queensland, Porta In Java, Aden, Suez Oaual, and Naples, with liberty to oall at Colombo sua Malta, or any other pons i- n Leaves , Leaves Oom'ondor Brls- Oook- Eh I bono, i town. 1891\. I 1891. JUMNA 5197 Ut. Sanders Tuesday, W'dn'sday, | Fob. 17. I Fob. 36 DORUN- 3186 J. Gray Tuesday. W'dn'sdny DA Maroh 17: Morjh 33 JELUN- 6200 A.W.Maim Tuesday, iW'dn'sday, GA April 1 April 33 TAROBA (08i|A. Morris Tuesday, W'dn'sday J May 12 I May 20 THESE STEAMERS OALL AT NAPLES ON THE OUTWARD AND HOMEWARD JOURNEY. The Jumna will take steerage passengers. Fare toLondou £16 10s. PARCEL SERVICE. Attention is directed to the paroel sorvioe in nonneotlon with these steamors, by wbloh paresis up to 60 lbs. weight are delivered at any address in the United Kingdom, en prepayment of freight at (d. per lb., or fraotion of 1 Id. Minimum oharge 'Travei!wBby riilsdine have the gnat advantage M visiting the Queensland ports, and enjoying tbeploturesQue scenery and smooth water pasr> age afforded by this route, while the monotony of a long sea voyage le relieved by the numerous (Interesting breaks in the Journey at B.tavia and ulsswhere. FAMB TQ L0ND0N. Baloon, Blngls ... <<0 Saloon, 'Return. £80 Available for 12 months from date of landing. Stoeroge, single £18 10 0 Ear further parMoulara. anniy ; AT THE COMPANY'S OFFICES MARY STREET, Funeral Sloilcc. FUNERAL NOTICE.— The Friends of Mr. A. PFIFKOFF are respectfully Invited to attend the Funeral of his deoeased wife, to move from his residence, Douglas street, oil Park road, Milton, THIS (Tuesday) AFTERNOON, at 4 o'olook, to the Toowong -Cemetery. JNO. SMITH & GO., Under takers, George street; and Wiekham street, "Valley. CHAMPION Tobacco is made from pure Amerloan leaf. _______ > ttbk the beet WHEATMEaL only— Bar- U pet's Star Brand. BRAN anf POLLARD always fresh at City Mills, Albert Btreet BE sure and have your WATOH Bopaire' by O. A. BROWN, 02 Edward street Brisbane. , LARK'B HORSE and CATTLE SPICE will make hens lay. R. W. Thurlow.A Co., Agents, ' 1V/I AROHANT A CD, CHALLENGE JXL anyone toflad anything injurious in an of their beverages.' , UDDLBATHOMB, MAKES THE j HUSBAND ROAM. One bar of-Brooka'a! Monkey Boap wiilaltor all this. IttriULdo)a'day's.work<inleii tliaa smboux. Las , 'barf,,M,.u BItnatlong Wanted. A DVEKTI8BR with £200 wants Situation, il Stato partioulara Business, core Box 282. qp.o. | HOSPITAL Nurao, wishing to refcuta to Eng land, would give Borvlccs aa.companiou or to take caro of children. Nurso May. Hospital for 810k Children, Brisbane nORTIOULTURIST. — WantodSituatloa as gardener or assistant by a Danish man 26 years of ago, 12 years' experience in the different branches of gardening: the English, Danish and German languages spoken. Apply H.. core of G. O. Walker, fiirodabeiy. XX7" ANTED by respectable young Woman JT situation aa Genezel Servant. Address W X.Y., General Post Office "ITT ANTED by resncotablo young "Woman, a T T place as Laundross : sloop at home ; refer- encefl it required. Apply M.S., this office. "WANTED, by married couple, Situation on TV station as ploughman or waggoner, with good references. Apply to W.B., Exchange Hotel, Edward street. YOUNG Tradesman, German, do carpenter's, bricklayer's, painter's work, &o.;» aiso milk end garden work, would engage for a term at 20s. a week and found. .Stoady, tbfa office. KHA EMPLOYEES waiting. Mauuger. tll/U Queensland Immigrants' Employment Depot, Adelaide street, Aberdeen's Buildings, Employers free, MUSTARD.— Harper's D.S.F. is superior to imported, oheaper Professions, Trades, dee, A PPLIOATIONS will bo received by the undor- jlx. signed for the position of Storotnan at thoir Auction Rooms None but strong, intolHgent men, with a fair education need apply. Refer ences as to character indispensable. king a king, AUCTIONEBBS. BOY for tbo blacksmitbing. Apply M. J. Burgess, Paddington. STEADY young Man, ono ablo to drlvo borc and dray and used to garden work. Apply at Daw & Slack's butoher shop, Nundah. Saddlery.— Wanted at once n good general Hand; mustbosteady and sober; permanent job if satisfactory. Apply A. l. Spencer, Rockleo. 71 'WO Men accustomed to Fixing Stumps. Ap- X. ply to Thomas Foley, Mark strcot, Bowen terrace, Now Farm. rPO PARENTS AND GUARDIANS.— Wanted, A by a suburban iirm of Grocers and Produce Merchants, a Respectable Boy, about 14 or 16. as apprentice, outdoor, tlirco years. Apply Tea Blenders, this offlco. "iff ANTED Machinist- (shirts), also Girls to TV learn. Applyover Summers' Boot Shop, Stanley street. WANTED good Ballast Fillers, Mungarr to Gayndah railway; wages, 8s. 6d. day. "Willcooks & Firtb. "TAT ANTED a thoroughly qualified Piokler. TV George Peacock & Sons, Llmltod, Jam and Pickle Manufacturers, Kangaroo Point, Bris bane YOU i'H to drivo. Morutti & Nicholson, Groeora) Hardgmvo road, West End. YOUTH to milk and carry milk out. Apply A. Wnt.»on, Butcher Shop, East Brisbane. EMPIRE TEA. Empire Tea. Empire Tea. By far the beet. Servants Wanted. GOOD Laundress, Sovereign Hotel. ARTISANS, Mairicd Couples, Mercantile Em ployees, Shearers, Rouseabouts, Labourers, Horse Drivers, Grooms, Gardeners, hotel Servanti, Housekeepers, Barmaids, Businoss and Do- mestio Servants suupHecl promptly. W.'lemau's Labour Exchange, Queen street. AT Mrs. Blenkiusop's Agency, Edward street, opposite Finnoy, Isles.— Lady Housekeeper, north; Lady Oauvusser, good remuneration; Cook, private family; Cook and Laundress?-. House und Parlour MnUls, Laundresses, General Servants, Girl i to assist, &c;„ &c.; Lidtos plo:He moot servants for re-eugagemont daily batweon 9.80 and 1 a.m. and 2 to 6.80 p.m. No delay in getting suit :d. Established lfJ3. BOY, about 14 years old, to be useful about house. Watson & Ferguson, Quoou street, CLEAN Useful Girl to assist in house work. Apply 67 Yarron, Wiekham torraco. 1 EXPERIENCED Nurso and Needlewoman. Zi Apply with references, bofore 12, at Alford Place. Bowen terrace, back of Beaconsliold ter- raco, New Form. GOOD P'emale Cook; also good General Ser vant; wanted at once. Apply Queensland Coffee Palace, George strcot. GESUCHT wird oln Jungo von ungefahr 14 jahrcn der sich behuiilioh im house macht bei. Rev. Philips, Herston road, near hospital. GENERAL Servants, small families, town, sub urbs, also Tweed IMvor and Warwick; Housemaias, town and country ; Cook and Laun dress, hotel, Tweed River, several town (good wages); Nurses, Useful Girls. Mrs. Miller's office, Albert street, near Turkish Baths. GOVERNESS, north; Married Uouplo, with out encumbrance, station, good wages; Cook and Laundressps, suburbs; Waitress, country; Houso and Laundry Maid, countiy hotel ; Nurso, experienced, station, west— meet lady in town ; Nurses, town andsuburbs; General Servants. Newcastle, Warwick, Wynmim, Rendra, Iudooroopilly,Tariuga. Toowong, Wick- ham terrace, Teneriffe, town &o.; Fai'm Hands, Mrs. Marsh. Centennial Hall. LAD, about 18, to make himsolf useful, good homo; Groom and Gardener lor Mary borough, married man prefoired, eilnry and col tago found. BlcnkJnsop's Agency, Edward street, opposite Finney, IbIcb'h. MARRIED Couplo wanted ; no eueumbranco ; man general useful, wife general servant. Sydnoy Boarding-house, Mary streot. MARRIED Couple, without enoumbranco, wanted for tuo country; man to milk, butcher, and goncrally useful; woman to eook and look nUer dairy. Apply F. V. Nioholson, Stanley Cottage, Light street, Brotkfast Creek rood, near tram stables ; wages, £50, RUNNER for Board'ag-houso ; 10s. week and found, 142 George streot. RESPECTABLE Girl, about 16, wanted, house work. Mrs. Hayne, Yoronga, or Stanley street, . Respectable honest lid, about io, tor cart, &o.; Apply, after 6 pm. Hathaway's Bakery, Collingwooa stroet, Latrobo terrace. SMALL Girl to attend to ohild. Mrs. Tilokoy, Harwich Cottage,- Ross streot, Paddington. TIDY Useful Girl about 14 or 16 to assist in housework. Grosvenor, Turbot strcot, ono door from liver. . 7|">WO General Bok vants, samo family, tneet X gentleman this afternoon, 8; Waitresses, hotel; Women Cooks, 20j, ; u Nurses, station; Laundresses, same stations. Miss Loney, Ade- lalde street, oppasito Normal Schools. WANTED good Housemaid. Apply to Mrs. Pickott, Post Offlco Hotel. 11 ANTED respcatable Runner. Lady Bowen TT Boardlng-houso, Margarot strcot. "17 AN TED Girl mind two children. Apply y V Mr b. Bltilr, Primrose street, Bowen Hills, "17 ANTED a rcspcotablo Girl, must understand TV milking, easy place. Mrs. Woodon, 110 Edward street ; apply 11 a.m. 17 ANTED a reepeotable youug Girl as nurso, f T must have reference. Apply Alliance Hotel, LeichUardt streot, Bpring Hfll. WANTED GovorneBS for Two Children 0 and 7 years ; afternoons only. Apply with re ferences to'. Mrs. Burston, Guythorn, Albion ; £20 per annum. YOUNG Girl wanted, good homo. A., Box 170, General Post Office. "17 OUTH to moko himself generally useful and JL attend to garden. Apply Henry Look, tftock Exchange, "\7OUNG|Man, thoroughly used to horses ; must X know town, ana ranko hhnsolf useful ; references required. T. Hpilsbury, Steam Oon- feotionexy Works, Periy Btreet. . THE Beat U the Cheapest. Haxpes's.Coflee, Oatmeal, Empire Tea. AGEB BEER|£l_per case: 4 dosea large 1 bottlea. B. W. Tnurlow k Oo. , a for DARK ft . OO.'B BREWED 3\. OIHOEE BEKB in Btooa Betttei' ; , The Australian BevengM, Marchaat a oo/s Hop , Beer, lemooads; ahd Qisger niacellaiieoM A DENTIST'S ADDRESS.-E. Meyers, tSur- goon Dentist. 61A Queen street, opposite Bike Bros.' Complete Sets, £6. Latest Improve ments. All work guaranteed. FURNITURE of any flizo House Bnught. Trade Stocks, &o.;, up to £i.ooo prompt cash. Win. Giles, 162 George afreet. URNITURE/ Furniture, Stoves. Stoves Persons about to fumish, glve westlake a call, and see .the enormous reductions on all household furniture. Houses furnished through out with all household requisites, Oheapestzox cash; most liberal for terms, mnpifoi and American stoves, mangles. in great variety. W. J. Westlake. Easy Time Payment House Furnisher, Petne Bight, between Ann and Boundary streets Oltyi and at Stanley street, South Brisbane, HOUSE, wonted to Rent er Buy about six or seven Rooms with stablingana goodpaddock; or will exchange improved city property. Apply Westlake, House Furnisher, Potrie Bight, MONEY in large or small sums to Lend on Freehold Security. Scrip, &c.; bills dis counted. Hedley Hawkins, House, Land, and Financial Ageut, Dorragli's Buildings, Queen streot. PRIVATE TUITION.— Visiting and resident pnpils prepared for Legal ana othor Exami nations. John G. Stowart(Edin. Univ.), Wavcrley Upper Melbourne strcot, Tram, SINGLE Man wanted us Partuer. No. 1 Mel- bourno Btreet. ri'0 Trustees, Capitalists, &c.; — Wanted £2/00 for ft. 8 or 6 years at a (low rate of interest. Princi pals only dealt with. Bocurity £6,000. Address Box 247, G.P.O. WANTED Mortice Machine : also Haud-power Band Haw. J. O. Kayo, Builder, Toowong, WANTED to Buy, a low, light Furniture Van, on easy terms. Apply, by letter, Van, this office. WANTED to rent n four or five roomed House near town. Apply to A.M., this office, stating terms. 17 ANTED two rcspcotablo Boarders, with uso j J of sitting room. Mrs. Rugg, George stroot, Milton, Bayswater. WANTED by Married Couolo Furnished Room, ubo of kitchen, Woolloongabba ; cheap. M,, this office. WANTED Bottlos, pint lagor and Champagne, for sauces. Georgo l'tacock ASons, Limited, Kangaroo Point, Briabano. WANTED Furnished Cottage; four or live rooms. Address by letter, stutlng rent required to M. 10, this office. WANTED a Four-roomed House, furnished, within 10 m'nutcs of Post Office; terms mouerato. J.B., this ofllco. WANTED to Buy Furniture, Piauos, pilvato houses ; or Furniture from two to twelve rooms bought up to £300, prompt cash. A F.G., this offlco, WANTED a Second-hand Vertical Engine, from two and a half to four horsopowor, in good working order. State price, F. R. Bernard, 126 Queen street, WANTED KNOWN.— Houses furnished throughout by weekly or monthly pay ments. Wilson's Furniture Mart, George street, near Railway Gates. WANTED for Cash on delivery 10 pairs Turkey Cocks, from 14 to 20 lb?, each ; aim Guiue i Fowls and Picons, any number. J. ForrJugton, Inkeiman strcot, Woohoongabba. Xost and Found. LOST, Sunday night, Pag Dog, with coliar; answers to namo of Don ; reward, E. Duss, 14 Queen streot. LUST, Bay Colt, whlto face, two white hind feet, branded X117 ovor Mo heart nco shov'der, FlK off shoulder. Reward £i on return to the Gasworks, Breakfast Creek road. LOST, botwron Junction Hotel and Etude streot, Silver-platrd Wheel Cap. Wiilffnher kindly retva to Yorston Bros., Woolloongabba, or communicate with F. IRek"n cave of Boggo Post-offlce. LOST, from Talmoi, O'Conncll strcot, Knugnroo Point, on Satui'day, January 24, a CoIIIo Dog. colour sabln ortun, witu. blnok hairs. Substantial reward on delivery to Ernest W. GocrlK. Talmoi, O'Coimell etreet. Kangaroo Point, or Tbynno & Goert/, Brisbane, REWARD.— Lost, u'oin Nundah, Bay J&JL; Marc, brunded 8TM. W. Wurburtou, Nundrh. ' JMPOUNDED ut Enoggora Roan GELDING, stnr and snips, two hind feet white, bruudeu UM4 near shoulder. Boy MARE, two hind feet wliito, star and snip, DD4 near thigh. Bay Pony MARE, star, branded liko fl over qMtt near shoulder. Brown MARE, blu/.o down fuoe and snip, like lU/ (blotch Z). If not released on or boforo March 16 will bo sold at 12 noon to deftw oxnenscs. THOMAS BEVERLEY, Poundkceper. b"— — ' Hoard and Residence. BOARD and Residence. Ayrshire Houso, 8 Upper Edward street, terms very moderate. BOARD and iicsldcnco for Two Young Men; thrco minutes from Queen strcot; with or without board 4 Bowen street, off Avn street. COMFORTABLE Furr'shcd Bedroom required by mintled lady. W8.t ths office. CRlMFORTABLE Fui oished Bedroom; batli; j 6s. weekly. 28 Wairen strcot, off wickltum street, COMFORTABLE Homo required by young mnu in pilvatu fumny. Reply funy, Grapho, this offlco. COMFORTABLE Homo, ladlos in business, terms moderate. Miss Burns, 20 Borry stroot, Wiekham terrace. COMFORTABLE Homo for young Ladies in business, in prlvutefamJhrfsiUiug ut Kan garoo Point. Fur address appiy T. Di'lon, Grand Areado. (COMFORTABLE Homo for young Lirtiea in J business; Rooms, to suit two friends; trims vol / lnoderato. Mrs. CbUton, Stirling Houso, Wlmrf strcot, CIO/. I BURNISHED Apurtmouts. with or without 1 board. WatlngQ, Noi&h; Quay. FURNISHED Apaitmonts for gentlemen; bath. Bunva Cottage, Grey street, between Melbourne and Peel streets. ENTLEMAN wants Board and Lodgings, near vT OxTey orHheivood. Apply to Toowoowba, ths ofllco. PRIVATE Board and Residence, Hamilton road, Breakfast Creek, neur tram tormmus. Miss Norman. SUPERIOR Accommodation for gentleman, 22 Upper Edward stroet, single rooms, bath, piano ; £1 week. ITAKDOONA, NORTH QUAY.— Vacanoles, . Families, Gentlemen. F11UNLEY Houso, near Convent, live minutes X from Quoen street ; vacancies. < WO Gcntlomen can have superlor'&ome; in private family, within live minutes of Post Offlco : evoiy convenience, liver frontage. Aquatio, this offlco. VACANCIES for two Boardors. 7 Upper Ed ward street. VACANCIES.- Single Room. Clifton Gottago, Wiekham terrace. . , . VAOANOIEH for Three Boardors. 05 What- streot, Bpring Hfll. \7 ACAN OIES forrespeotuble working Men. No. V 8 Groy street, off Melbourne street, VACANCIES for Gentlemen, with or without board, bath included. 16 Oharlotto street. VACANCIES, Musgrave Villa, two doors from Ivory stroet, Bowen terrace, near tho con vent. - T7AOANGY for respectable Boardors. Tins- V bury Cottage, Gurphy street, Bowen teuaoo. ' VAOANUIEB, EnnlskUlon Houso, Whnif street; front '.bedroom; bath, piano, woslv ing; terms modera to. VAOANOIEB for Gentlemen, also Unfurnished Room with or without board. 4 M'Donnoll, teiraoo, Herbert street, Pioneer baking powder universally . admitted the Best. U be royal baking powder for Oakes, "Paftry, aucv Soonoe. r. w. Thurlow & Oo.f Agents. 1>1 1 AA„,&0\. £000, £150, <or,Im, mediate ADYANOIB! at very Lowott Bate. Mr. John MaOTi.mara'a Valuatioh. nim-! i. ' john maohau&b;& co., ' 'XxionoKBSBS an> lAaunus JlQnpa, - '-;,i ' .town'HAUi.- im'. J Public Utotlcca, MBS. NEILL, Typewriter, 87 Wlokham terraoe. Will the 1/eksom who had' wrong Bleak Satin umbrella, from b. Bntherford, 140 o'eorge etreet, k'ndly re- tt7bn.it at onoe.. I intend fenq1no allotment No. 7, seotlon q, Paddington Eatite, and eall upon Mr. Lawrence to fenoo his part. A. Turner, Cochrane etreet, Paddington. Fencing notice.— i intend ienolng a'- lotmenta Nos. 76 end 76, Stanley Bridge Estate, and call cn ownota of Nob. 42, 43, 74, and 77 to contribute their aareof dividing fenoo. Dewing Btog., Cavendfah yoad, Oooipaioo. Attention ia directed to the Proclama tion published in the "Government Gazetto" of January 24,' throwing open t) selection, at the Briabaae Land Offloe, Ion and after mond4.y, March 2 next, can- gelled agbioulthbal farm No. 724 (Portion 47v), in the Pariah of Ilooloelah, containing 160 aorea, at an.annnal rental of 9d. and parohaeing price of £l 10e. per aore. i a. s. co web y. i Department of Puhlio Lands, - Brisbane, January 26, 1891. Elections. ghire gf windsor electors. Lamms aim gesnamkie.— i, the under signed, do oiler myself aa a candidate for the eeat in the No. '2 Ward, to f" the Vacanoy caused by the reaignation of Mr. Oharie: Pen/, and if yon oleot me aa your memhor, i promise von i will look after your interest i remain, Ledies and Gentlemen, yonr obedient Servant, cornelius rtan. p i vision op balmoral. election "of audiiobs. i hereby notify that Mr. Joseph Peirson having this day retired from being a oandidate for the position of andif', i have therefore deolared the following, Bichard Samuel While Camming and William David Byrne, duly elected auditors for tha year. No poll will therefore be taken on "Friday, the 13tb instant. (Signed) james nuttall, .Returning. officer. Febrnary g, 1891. gHIBhl o w i n d s o b. no. 1wabd. To Ms. john m'lnttbe. Bin. — We, the ondoreigned Ratepayers, re- questyou to allowyourself to be nominated aa a candidate at the forthcoming election to represent No. 1 Ward in the Windsor Shire Counoil, and we pledge ourselves to use our votes and interest to seeure yonr return. We are, dear eir, yours respectfully, Thomas Daw, Henry Leaver, k. m'Lcnnan, George Watson, jnn., John Thondloy, John Leaver, Frederick Stokes, Charles Lyon, James Wat.on, John Brook, Sutton Green, Jamrs Mann, Oharlea Perry, John Watson, and many others. Qekiiekbn, — I thank you for the honour yon do me. i am prepared to contest the seat against all comers. john m'inttre. Habfer's stab coffke-the only safe Btimnlant in summer. a ll mabohant oo.'s aerated -tv w aterb are made lramnnreat matsrial and filtered rainwater. . Sporttng. jgbeakfast creek grounds. SATURDAY, "iEBBUABY 14. saturday : next saturday : Pony Raoes : next saturday : Pony fiaooa : next saturday : ; next saturday next saturday : : next saturday : Galloway Races : next saturday : Galloway Raeea : next saturday ; next satubday : next satubday . : ; next saturday : Admiwion, Is. : next saturday : Admiislon. Is. : next saturday next satubday next j. a. grant, ' Manager. 7 Kont's Buildings, Adelaide street. queensland turf ojuub. second summer meeting. genermT entry aloeeB on tuesday, February 10, when Nominations will be reoelved for the following Raoes: — first day, february 29. Trial Handioap, 60 aovs.; 7'fatlongs. Boiling Raoe, 60 sovb.; ( mBe. Handicap Hurdles, 50 sova.'; i j mile. Juvenile Stakes (two-year.olOa), 60 sova.; mile. . Welter Handioap, 60 sovs.; 9 furlongs. second dal7 maroh 2. Flying Handioap, 60 sova ; 1 mile. BeLing Plate, 50 sova.; 6 fnrlongs. Handioap HurdleB, 60 sova ; 2 miles. Tyro Handioap (two-year. olds), 50 sevs.; j mile. Farewell Handioap, 60 eava,; 1 mile. ' Nominatlona for the above moat be in the hands of the Seoretary by 4 p.m. on tues day, February 10. . , j. h. g. pountney, Seoretary. For me, Fob bale, retriever dog, nine months old, broken in to gun, good watoh dog. Apply to h. Chambers, Covent Garden Beed Store, Woolloongabba. t70r sale, Straight-sided waggon- jd ette, Puiielan Phaeton, and Viotorla, all in pood condition, secondhand. Birch a Pother, Valley Carnage Company, Wiekham street. Pony phaeton; grand order; leas- than half original ooet.' Also, Btylish. New dogcart ; varnished , cedar panels ; with lampa complete £20 oaeh; gnu bargains. Lewis, Ooachbullder, Cleveland road, Cooiparoo. 'iley's art lobby. the extent iva alterations being (aided on for- the last month having bean eompleted, enable wiley to display spiolmasa of their' ait to greater advoutage. ' |; . Tho Beauty and Excollenoo of finish aptak for Itaelf. ! - ?!:»" ' Cheapness combined ' with high dUaa work enaUo wtley to tako p leading posititei in photographlo eirolea. r. it '< . qi BiNETS from i2s. 6d. pwdoaf' '''i'':w'i It M y""b"itt't'erw'" j u Entertalnmemts. ijt h e a t r e bo y a l. Manager and Director Mr. Chart. us Ohab- btkotoh. Lessee . .. .. ., Mr. f. j. Tatiob Treasurer , . ... — Mr. Jis. b. kma. positively tjSnnighto only . positively tn nights only. emphatic and pronounced success ol the Celebrated Yonng english Tragedian, janet aohuroh janet aohuroh janet aohuroh. to-night (Taesiay)', february 10. last night last night last night Of the WorM-famouo Cimedv Drama, forget he not forget he not forget he not. WitnecarA <xxeto.aay.u.a.sonabv.hy.hocnca - paoked frum floor to oeil'ng. Holders of Tiokets for either night nnable to obtain admission admitted to-night. 1he theatre deltghifully cool, Punkahs working the whole ever'nj. a 'i Departments under the Sole Direotion of mb. c. oharrington. to- morrow (Wednesday), eebruary 11, Hentik Ibron's a doll's house a doll's house. Children in arms positively not admitted. Box Plan at Beale a Co. 'a. Stall and Pit Tiokets at Alhambra, next Theatre Royal. herbert flemming, General Badness Menager. q.aiety theatre. Lesseo .. Chas. b. Hioks. coolest theatre in brisbane. An Enthusiaatio Honse Greotcd the Old Favourites. to-night (tuesday), february 10. The Seme Great Eill. Encored to the Eoho. oha8. b. hioks's minstrel combination. AlwayB Good ; Now Better than Ever Before. We have Come to Stay. the public delighted at The Simple Wild West. Lltt'.o Elsie . The Beautiful Singing. The Man team Galway. Boston's Fnnnyisms. Copoland, the Mimio. Leoooing Donkoya by Phonoguph. Theie are only a Few Good Things. the great acrobats, eugene and alfred. We are Bound to Suooeed. new novelties in preparation. Box Plan at Beole's. Prioes, 3a„ 2s., Is. qibeot from ameriua. breakfast creek ground3 this afternoon, at 3, and evening At 8. wirthbbob.' wild west show add roman hippodrome. GREATSUCOESS. the rublio given more than advertised. comment pssuperfluous. All the great wonders that go together to form the world renowned wild west show and rumdn hippodrome. No Connection with any other so-oa'led Wild West Show travelling, this being the Original Wild West Show imported direot from Amerioa by us. Sole and Equal Proprietors, wirth br03. await particulars of the greatest show ever given in bribbane on next 8atubday. Our Large Company of tha moat daring cow boys in the United States, including— captain jack sutton, george a. fulton, ralph felix, bronoho george, j. keogh, don ziano, jose ragielo, j. romano, the abkanbaw kid, george loopeb, george hellor, All previous Efforts Eclipsed. RcdandDi'-ky Warriors, Genuine Amcrioan Indians. All the Greatest Tritr/j Represented. genuine sioux/ indians, The only ones likely to he Been in Queensland. bpeoialtrams. Special Arrangements made for Extra Eloc- trio Lights at our night performances. li order to ehow the capabilities of oar Band of Cowboys in handling and riding wild oattle> a Contract has boen mads with tha ' Graziers' Butchering Company, Briabano, to supply na with a quantity of the Wildost Cattle procurable. the champion cowboys of the world, bab no man. location- breakfast creek sports ground. And Every Afternoon and Night till further notioo, excepting Monday's. General Admission, 2s. ; Children. Half- prloe ; Grand Stands Extra. (ajionday popular concerts. promenade. breakfast creek pavilion. eighthconoert. monday, february 16. grand ballad night | (Modem Composers). , all the gems ' o Sullivan, FinButi, Blnmenthal, Oowen, Gounod, Bertnold Tonra Goring, Thomas, Lobr, Harzlits, and Stephen Adams. admission— Icoluding Fare by Tram or Steamer, . one shilling. reserved seats, 2s. 6a. annsw l. fetrie, ; Sola Promohw. qo nversazio ne. i ..,. 't i christ church, :.,l. '. : h.v.. MOiTOW. . a conversazione to. weloome the Rev. j. f-'. and | Mrs. lbighton wiU he held at the Oaxtoc. £treet"Hall on thursday,' February j2,'mV8o'(Jlbokp.in. ' 1 o'. it'iijAiniMion, Sis.; CMldno,'li. '' Braprry audi ClothlnK- qibsoluflon of fastnership; me. edwards finally rethunafbom business, 00H8sauiurn.t edwards a chapman . 1 ABB now holding a great clearing bale i w £40,000 worth ... _ «ar" " ' drapery, clothing, carpets, floorcloths, linoleums, &o.;, &o.; the entire stock, 78108 IS OF nn newest and best description, must be converted into oa8h, in onnza io facilitate the adjustment ov partnership accounts. this enormous sale is the largest ever held in brisbane, AND the reduction the most genuine. open at 9 o'olook a.m. closed from i to 2. edwards a chapman, xhe queensland drapery warehouse, queen btreet, brisbane. II linear AiMmeemeMa, Benjamin bros., lixhsd, Ana Carrying on Business Temporarily IN TO Kilt bulk stores, edward street, and are now opening Shipments of General MerohandiBe, ex e.a. Taioba, a. Oapolla, a. Greta, e. Killeena, and a. Sontheak, and have to arrive Bhortly large ahipments per p. andO. e.a. Viotoria, e.s. Tata, a. Barmen, a. Erato, a. Trinidad, and a. Franoia Fisher. We take this apportnnity of thanking onr nnmerona friends, tor their, expressions of sympathy and promises of oontinued sapport. benjamin bros., lhotbd, Edward sxrhht. j o fl t e r. a k e l k. startling announcement von those about to furnish. a substantial dining-room buite, Comprising Oouah and Six Chairs, well up holstered and oovered with Beat Leather Cloth, for £6 XOs. an elegant well' finished dbawing-roum buite, Comprising Settee and Six Chairs, oovered with handsome Tapestay or Silk Pinch, for £7 10b. fobtert" keek's far-famed "economic bedroom suite, , Comprising Polished Bonya Pine Wardrobe, Waabatand, fitted with Minton Tile- baok, Towel Rail; Dressing Table, with Plate-glass Swing Mirror and 2 Cane- seat Chairs, for £6.190. is still unrivalled in the colonies. Also Agents for the Hammogrette Reolinlng South british fire and marine insurance company. Registered in Queensland nnder the British - Companies Act. insurances against Loss by Fire are e&eoted; by tho Bonth British Company npon every description of property on the most favourable terms. Expeneaoe. baa proved the. promptltade and liberality with whioh its engagements ara always mat : and the import enoe of its relations with the pnblio, and the oonfidenoe they have in it, may be estimated from the fact that, slnoo its establishment, it has paid in discharge of claims for losses over two mili ions sterling. ra1eb and particulars of insur ance may be obtained i \ - AXTKt ' ' , ; . company's office, ui . > - Quant emu. , - A. BXGBY, MfRAimi;-r It: a.v'( --.a j " "!. ' ; I 'lKO ill Ji-JWJijqf. )5(ltT7tlUoiV"fJ ! i o s lmja-ioiftiq ; i . bummer goods.-, , ...i: .'1,',.'..- rifl. i .„y ir. i '1.1;" at finney, If-LE9r 00. m , . ..., . .baao. v'ltiirio : ! tit! iy T- j HAS;.qOMMBNqBD.u:-.t 1 jiiv.'r-JI io .'..ibliiU .'ntic.'j bii..' t./ti/JI; '-.''in. i .,u io il vj l,a:.-rs/fa uie/V ,;ivoi " '/'...j i". (,»; i-j rJiii . | . LARGE . SHIPMENTS, e ni/ir.nv 7,1'i'H ;n,« ; .! To ieajiiae "?(>1 .!& > BALANCE PBKSKNT 'iOflXy b marked feioes, — p To Clear the Fixtnree; ; i . ..„ 0.n : | . . bpeoidii lines ':1 '.ita .vr m ' .-.'tld i-! .u'nil ' urnitube, bedsteads, anp i. ",>> : ... oarpet8, . ' " j -.ice .» >1" ; j . ... real cheap. ; i comparison willprovb a f ';" ts . . i finney, isles, co.' ; - 1 alwayb keep the largest finest assortment new sound . goods, ; give the best value, : And do by -for- ... ..... .. .. ;i; , the largest tadr.. . In their Line ' 'in queensland. during sale, . a- country orders ma ' full benefit of reductions. remember closing out salb : At finney, isles, k co., this day! this day! The Premises will be closed frum to 2 o'olook each day until further uotioe ax ' finney, isles, k co., queen, edward, and adelaide streets. Carew, gardner, a bilungton. T.Turaxp. ' ' ' Aa an Advertisement, we will sell at a ridiculous prior. as an advertisement. The following Lines aa an Advertisement. ' Alsonnmerona other Lines as an Advertiaenmit. 36 inohea Pore Long Cloth, 3s. per dozen. Bleached Table Damask, la. per yard. Loom Damask, 10£d. per yard. 6/8 Table Napkins, at la. 10d. per dozen. Linen Drapery, at 7jd. per yard. 40 inoh Best Holland, 7d. per yard, all wooL Welsh and Colonial Flannel, 8 Id. per vard. 12/4 h.c. Quilts, 6s. 6d. each. Men's Mole Tronsers, our own, 2 pine, Be. pec pair, stockman and ordinary cut. Flannel Undershirts, all wool, 2s. 3d. each. a lot of Men's Suits, lis. 6d. to 14a. per anit. Youths' Tweed Trousers, 4e. 6d. per pair. Women's Hose, Beamless, 4s. 6d. per dozen. Under Vests, Is. 4d. each. Children's Print Dresses, Is. 6d. each, all sizes. Boys' Hats, 6d. each. 4- clasp Kid Gloves, Is. 9d. 6-olasp, la. lid.- 2 Oases Floor OlothB, 2 yards wide, Is.. 9d.; per yard. 1,200 yards Prints, 6a per yard, ot 2a. lid. ' per dozen. oarew, gardner, k billington,' Lnuim. Profenslonal si otic en. Dr. mearns, Dentist, has resumed practice at 123 Quoen streot. Dr. qu1nnell (m.d. andO.m. Aberd., Eskbank House, Wharf street (just above Queen street), may be oonsolted on all forms of Skin Disease of any duration, as. well aa diseases of the Hair. Thirty years' expert- enoe in a tropioal climate. Honrs: 9 to ll a.m. and 1 to 4 p.m. daily. it miller, Lato Disponaer Brisbane Hospital, Ohbiobt ahd Dnnoom, ' Off Ann and Brookes streets, Valley, Begs to inform the residents of Netratead, Mayne, Albion, Hamilton, and surrounding aiiiiiotBthat he has opened a branch bhop on Breakfast Creek road, near the bridge. .. > < All lidnda of Patent Medlolnos, Toilet Be- ' quiaites, and Perfnmery kept in stock. prescriptions dispensed. i, teeth exfracted. Night Bell at Both Establishments „ ,,.i .ji Q l d a b o a d ; is. ' russell wilkins's t.barh! kxptriml 4 ann na - has to clear out ' on maroh 32, aim he would rather have the cash xsaw v '. v remove the goods. , To save the trouble of writing and; the ex-' penae of printing, he iuforma hia ouatomera. that, if they read uie flowery advertiaementaof ; the ltading Brisbane drapers, and those who do " ' the "largest business in Queensland," 'apd' . imagine that the advantages in prioe they am ' how offering to bsyera of soft goods to apply to the artioles eold by r. wilkins, they will only have a faint' . , - inns ,, or sun ... bargains now offering At TUB j. > i|. arcade. In order to afford a little amusement to, has ouatomera, he will make a present of' . i',i < twenty pounds btrrling - -.jv 'to the winner in hia Guessing Competition. . fnll partienlam in Handbilia, . Fosters, ani hi;,, -.7r, the Queen street Window of the Areado- i . < t . i .1 TrivHege of Gnesaing during tha amite -m- Sale, and rimilax ' beditotion in priors,.' ' ./ offend to customers at. the'. .-.-r ;. t,.. ., . tetr1e biqhta.georqr,rfibp,.") , i... I l . ..... 1s8 0- : ruaaellwilkiwa. ll j . . i-,.. . . ,.,(u»uodh>j ttarper'b ' ooffei»---';oeial«ilm7 ' ,wj?fwcuali 