C U R T C O M M E N T S . C Kyneton laces to-morrow, Friday. " The "Wreck Ashore" to-morrow night. C.Y.M.S, " Pound Night" this evening. Bendigo race meeting yesterday a inccess. Electors rights may be be taken out to the 1st proximo. Christening " of the ,Victoria Junction machinery to-day. The police arc taking proceedings against the socialists in London. itfigg Helen Hart taking the platform for the Bible in State schools. The woman who murdered another in the Melbourne slums remanded. Alfred Hiltern, a Coburg larrikin, fined £5 for disturbing the Salvation Army. Four piembere of the Legislative Council have died during the present session. The Paiis Municipal Council has voted £300 to the aid of the miners on stake. Edward Bell, who was wrongly convicted of burglary, is to get .£100 compensation. It is proposed in Brisbane to send to England next month a trial shipment of A Boom in Victorian butter—a visiting Scotchman says it equals the best Danish. The epidemic of inflnpnra. is again, spreading to an alarming extent in England and Scotland. The raid on missions in China is asscribed by the local authorities to Mongolian robbers. . One firm in Eerang has already disposed of 20,000 cornsackB in anticipation of the coming harvest* . . . - > ' The Schismatic leaders in Russia, who were recently exiled to the Persian frontier, me on the verge ot starvation. "Don't send another team to England if you cannot send it better one than you did before," is Dr. Grace's advice to Australian ricketers. A Bill to be introduced to amend the deects in the Licensing Act, so that one or more arbitrator can resign without bursting up the concern. A solicitor at Blackburn, named KVhalley, recently deceased, is alleged to have defrauded his clients of' sums of money amounting to £100,000. Assembly wise in eliminating from the Local Government Bill the clause -under which fishand vegetables hawkers and news vendors would be harrassed at every tum. I think I have got the best team with me now that ever left England," is Sr. Grace's opinion of bis present colleagues. T3iey are evidently - going to prove themselves such. Mr. 3.1. Parsons suggests thatthe "submerged .tenth" should bo invited to colonise the Northern Territory. It would be cruel to send the Salvationists to ^Buch an earthly SheoL • ... -„• The onalifieałions for an .doctor's right fire twelve months' residence m the colony, and three in the electorate. Each appbcantmnstlie of the male sex, and at least twenty-one yeaxs of age. . : •. • : - ' "General-^ Boott eayB tiiat Hie tęposi- •Hon to his colonisation scheme in Anebalia pomes only In case, nine^onths 41 the people of Australia are "soitess." " ' it is cBiiinabed ttiat 1475 horses will be xe^nued ior gie Indian army idnrinę 1892-3/ They iauA tie between four and six yeais 14 Ji^nds 9imdi£s tą -« Jdinaepi&sifotfhe; BrasJlijuiji»vy ins volted ana captured the aisenaL • Oneinan 1 Jxantied TleEideiit, has .iirońiiseało restore tfaeEtjiahUw ^Qorenitt^it. In connection with the new immigration policy adopted by Canada, the Dominion Government announces a scheme for the settlement of 1,000,000 persons in the North-west within the next five years. Mr. Parsons has obtained leave in the South Australian Legislative Assembly to introduce a bill to secure a continuous supply of Indian emigrants into the Northern Territory under certain conditions. An extraordinary outrage ha-" been committed by the Anarchists in Paris. During the night they painted the building occupied by tbe Italian Embassy with red paint, on which were conspictuody displayed the words, "Long live anarchy." Monster deputation to the Premier on Tuesday, rs Bible in State schools. Mr. Monro in sympathy, but with the present Parliament quite hopeless. A question for the next general elections. A strange crime has occurred at Omaha, in the United States. During a meeting held by "General" Clibborn, of tlieSalvation Army, a female "captain" in the army shot another woman, also a "captain," and then committed suicide. The motive of the crime was jealousy. The total value of tbe tobacco imported annually into England is under JE3,000,000, while the taxation upon this value exceeds £9,000,000. Taking pipes, pouches, lights, and other articles with retail profits into the account, it is estimated that the people of the United Kingdom spend £16,000,000 a year upon tobacco.—Standard. When our representative in a country district handed in his telegram at the postoffice the operator stared at it, then at the sender, back at the "copy," and .then read and counted the words twice. The reporter urged him" to transmit the message quickly, but he was deaf to the appeals, responding only with a yearning look of intense wretchedness at the " copy." When • asked for an explanation, he said piteously, "It's the first Press message I ever wired, and I wanted to see if I could read .chain hand and splashes."— Standard. 