SYDNEY TO BROKEN HILL BY RAIL. . The Standing Public Works .Committee appointed by the Parliament in Sydney to examine into the feasibility of railway and other, schemes have, after several months of enquiry, brought up their report upon the proposed extension to Broken TTjil of the railway now in course of construction from Nyngan to Cobar.* The effect of this undertaking, if earned out, will be to connect by rail the rich mines on the Barrier -with the capital of New South 'Wales. Not unnaturally it has long, .been the cherished wish of a great many people in the sister colony that the line should be built. - They have . seen ; that ? : com mercially ' this province ' has . practi cally annexed a very rich portion of their territory ; that the traffic has greatly augmented her railway re turns ; and that in many other ways she has derived immense * direct and indirect benefits from the _. mines. Professedly they have not be grudged her these advantages, but they have iu reality envied her good luck and ' have cast about for mears for equally sharing it with her, if not for getting the lion's share of the profits. It was with this object in view that the com mittee were entrusted with the task, of finding out what chance there was of entering into competition with South, % Arstxo'ia by means of a railway communi cating with Sydney. They recognised that geographically she held the key of the position, but they wished to dis cover arguments m favour of entering. , into competition with her and overcoming the natural obstacles in the way of drawing the trade to the metropolis of New South Wales. It is evident t'-at the committee have identified themselves with these local aspirations. The report from first to last is a brilliant specimen of special pleading — a d6tei0-:ucd attempt to minimize difficulties and magnify sucli reasons as can be found for carrying out the desire of the country. They are confronted with the fact that the proposed railway has a length of 735 miles, whereas the South * Australian seaboard can- be reached within 2C& miles, but this prodigious handicap does not appal them. They take as sanguine a view as they can of the expense of the line that has yet to be constructed, and of the prospects of obtaining a profitable return for the outlay. They accept an estimate of cost which, to say the least of it, is extremely low — the lowest, accord ing to the Acting Engineer-in-Chief, that can be submitted consistently with the stability of the work — and they make the most of the traffic which, under ordi nary circumstances, can be commanded by the line. They enlarge upon the extent of intermediate production likely to bring business to the railway, take the most hopeful view of the possible opening up --f undeveloped sources of agricultural, pastoral, and mineral wealth, ami lay the flattering unction- to their souls that the evident desire of the people^ of Broken Hill and the neighbourhood to have the line constructed betokens a willingness to strain a point iu iw favour in the matter of business. They, do not conceal the fact that the Commis sioners of Railways, who are bound to looV abthesubjectin its practical aspects, cannot bring themselves to the point of regard ing the enterprise as financially sound, but with the wish father to- the thought tTiey arrive at the conclusion that somehow or other the expenditure will be justified' and the line prove to be profitable.. They allude to the unfavourable report of ihe ???? Chief Railway Traffic Manairer. but airily uismiss'it with the remark that his objections are based more on assumption* than on actual data. They tako account of the contract which the prin cipal mines have entered into witB the Silverton Tramway Company fm the carriage over -its line of mineral* in one direction, and coke, flux, timber, and other materials in the other direction, but they fail to find in this any reason for staying their hands. After all, as % implied rather than openly suggested, has not New South Wales a means »t itra disposal for getting the better of any out side competitor 'I Have not the Railway Commissioners the ability to charge rates 'sufficiently low to attract the trade to Sydney 1' In other words, is it not open to the colony to ongage in a cutthroat busi ness in which it can make sure of ultimate success. It .is as if they had said, ' It is all very well for New South Wales to l»e neighbourly, and to make profession of its zeal for fiee trade; but if tlie worst comes to the worst she can act upon the opposite principle, and make the traffic unprofitable to her rival by carry ing it on without profit to herself/' It may be taken for ^r-uiteJ that sooner or Liter the construc tion of the line between Sydney and Broken Hill will be accompli-shed. Ithaslonz been foreseen on this *ii?A of the Border that New South Wales wonld feel it to be a patriotic or, as the Public Works Committee puts it, a ' national'' duty to cany out the work. All the same, there is reason to believe that the time will not be juBt yet. Between tha advocacy of an undertaking by a com mittee and its authorization by Parlia ment is often a long cry, and there ave grounds for concluding that the prompti tude so strenuously recommended iu the report now published will not be observed. In the first place, New South Wales is in the throes of a political crisis, which will probably give active employment to her public men for, at all events, some ?weeks to come. In the next place, the finances of the colony are not in an . altogether unembarrassed .condition, and recent events have shown that it is nota-i easy matter to obtain money in the London market for even reproductive undertakings, and no one is bold enough to suggest that the railway between Sydney and Broken Hill conies within that category. In tbe next place the erection of a bridge over the D.irling is not a simple undertaking to be carried out in a few -weeks or even months. Of course all these obstacles can and wi-l ^ be Burmounted in time, so that the im portant question for the future is-— Will South Australia be able to cope with the competition forced upon her 1 The simple answer to this is that she can unless New South Wales should stoop to the childish folly of conducting the traffic at a ruinous loss. Whatever 6he can do to cheapen the conveyance of freight it is in the power of South Australia to do, and the difference in cost between run ning trains 735 miles to Sydney and 250 miles to Port Pirie or 330 miles to Adelaide must needs be enormous. With such overwhelming natural advantages on her side South Australia c^n await with equanimity the issue of the competition in which the, older colony seems bent upon engagins PoLmcAi_— Although the session of I'arlia ment will be opened on Thursday next, there appears to be a want of definiteness in tJm courses to be pursned by the different pirtie* formed among -members . of the Assembly. There axe, as iwmal, plenty of rumours. One is that a prominent member of a Northern eoostUBescy fo evidently seeking to p3ve tlie way for his speedy elevation to the leadership «f the Opposition, in order to precipitate the downfall of the present Ministry. The advo cates of a progressive land tax are credited with feeling more confident this year than at the close of last session, though it is considered unlikely that the question would be made the chief ground for a 'no-confidence' debate, seeing that some of the supporters of the Government are in favour of such a tax. The policy to be enunciated in the Governor's speech will no doubt cause changes in the attitude of some members, and may cuneiderably affect the course to be followed by opponents of the Ministry. There has been a movement on the part of the Indepen dent party in the direction of securing a coali tion, bat as far as we know no immediate result is likely to accrue. The question of federation, though it will not be regarded as urgent, is expected to occupy a large part of tbe session, and it is believed that a good pro portion of members nave determined to set themselves to the task of mastering the details of the eebeme put forward by the recent Con vention. The rsual negotiations for the selec tion of the mover and seconder of the Address in reply are proceeding. Thb Weatpeb.— At 9 p.m. on Friday Mr. C. Todd, the Governmeni lleteorlo^lsi, in formed us that, as bearing out his forecast on tbe morning of thai day, ha had just heard that the weather was cloudy and threa'-ening north of Alice Springs to Eucla and Streaky Bay. Alice Springs reported the weather aa Ftormy, and Charlotte Waters that rain was railing. A little light rain had also fallen at jSucla. Leigh's Cbeek Coal. — Mr. d. Goyder, jun., fjoverument Assayer, furnished the Commis sioner of Crown Lands on Friday afterroon with the following- soalysis of a sample of brown coal from Leigh's Creek Bore, taken from a depth of L512 ft 6 in.:— Volatile hydro Barbons, 2S-90; coke (ash deducted), 39'94; Mb, 'Oil ; moisture, 21*05. Non-caking ; ash Moderately white. Thb Rocte Takes by thb New Auxiliabt Swadhox. — At the suggestion of Sir Frede rick Sargood the Government of South Aus tralia have telegraphed to England instructing the Acting Agent-General to rapport the rcqoe&t; of the Agent-General of Victoria to the Admiralty, that the new Australian squadron should coma out by way of Albany, having King G30.'ge'B Sound as a rendezvous instead of taking the Torres Straits roata a3 at present ordered. The Governor has also cabled to the Colonial Secretary, asking that the wish of the colonies should be complird with and the southern route fol lowed. A welcome demonstration has been discussed in the colonies, the assumptbn all along being that the ships would come by the Albany route. Qcsxs's Counsel — Ic was reported some time ago that two new Queen's Counsel would probably be created in May. On enquiry we learn that the Government, who have the power to make these appointments, have no present intention of conferring the honour on any one, and that they have not been communi cated with by the Judges on the subject. Passisg t* s Althohp&s.;— An ocean steamer passed the Althorpes at 7 o'clock last evening, but it was too dark to distinguish the line to which she belonged. Amalgamated Sheahkbs' Union. — The eommittee meeting of the Port Augusta Branch of the A. S.TJ. was held in tbe Union office on Tuesday evening-, Mr. Richard Davis, 'Vice-President, being in the chair, and a fall committee present. Messrs. »Ierde, Davis, and Craven were deputed to «W; ^e '^^ «,. ? JLx ueen recently taken on the question ef all members staying at home until engaged through the 'Onion offices. The result of the ballot was regard' 1 aa in every war satisfactory, there fceing faDy 95 per cent of the membeia who voted in favour of staying at home should the theepownera persist in opposing the Union. The Secretary reported that he had held meet ings in nearly all of tbe most important towos within the boundary of the P.A. Branch, and iad found all members very firm irdeed. He also reported that he had received letters from eeveral large etationholders, in which they stated that they intended shearing under Union terms, and he anticipated, .that there would be difficulty in getting all the ?hearers that would be required toehear the sheep this year, owing to the fact that a large number of shearers would nob tarn oat in con sequence of the unsettled state of the shearing question in this colony. The committee were HnanimoDS in expressing their deepest sym pathy for their fellow Unionists in Queens land, on the ground that they were receiving: tyrannical treatment at the banda of the liOTCrnment of that colony. Tns Uthjzatioh of Larch Estates.— In aBDOundng the policy of his Ministry on Sep tember 2 last the Prime Mhnster, referring to the question of taxing large estates, said that to enable the Government to place reliable infor JHation before the Parliament .and the public as to the extent to which land was held in large blocks and not fully utilised they proposed to have the matter fully enquired into and re ported npon aa quickly as possible, and they ^cied the Surveyor-General to undertake the task. Mr. Goyder's report we understand, ?n III be ready for the Government by Tuesday nt-xt. A copy may not i*» handed to the Press until the repoit is laid before Parliament. The 'CoMMosttEiiTs' Bill— The Cou fen-nve iu Melbourne between the Prime 3Jinhtera of the colonies aa to the way in which the Constitution Bill should be wib luitttd to the people Laving led to co prjjtii-al result, each Government will now act as it deeuia beat m the matter. The Goveinmeut of Suuth Australia w-U take the preliminary swp «.if r-»kin-f Parl;omenc to eoreider tha E:-l, with th»; view o» EugktstmR any amendment' thai may appear to them « he to adopt. A f tet wards Parliament will be asktd to say whether or not in their opinion another Federal Convention aLonld be called for the purpose of going over the BH1 agr''n. If the answer is in tho nega tive, ana a similar view is tak«-n in t..e other colonies, it is probable that the Uovyi.i jnent will propose tbattbe Bill shall be referr,*! Erectly to the electors of the piovince for them, to vote 'aye11 or 'nay' upjn it. The idea of electing a Convention, as is propoji :1 in -jueeneland, to decide on the merits of the Hill, is not regarded wicfa much favour. In view of the political crisis in New Smith Wales, and the Kkelihcod that the discussion of the Bill both in that colony and in Victoria will be considerably protracted, the Ministry «3o nos intend to pre« on the Bill very quicklv. It ia recognised, too, -that members will require some time to became thoroughly acquainted with the published proceedings of the Federal Convention. Adhaide Police -Cocct.— An unusually prolonged sitting was. held on Friday. John B. Ford (the prop.-ietcr of the Torrenaide Dry Manure Works) was charged by the Secretary ?of the Thebarton Town Ccaceil with being the owner of a place which seas certified by six householders to be a. nuisance. After the six tiijriit-faolders had giren their evidence, the case i- a* adjourned for one month to allow of altera tions in the mode of treatment being made. The other easjjs, which occupied the atten tion vf the Coast for three hours, iii-_-lur]ed charges o( false pretences against Kslward Robertson jih'as JSdward Oriel Uobtrts. Five charges of .false pretences t'-re -Iown for hrarixfr against .She prisoner, Uit after tluee viz., the information laid ty Mwssi*. Charles liirka iCft, Charles Kelly, proprietor of the Eotanic Hotel, and Oliver Aitken, of tho Britannia Hotel, Norwood, had t» .m heard and Robertson committed for trial .on each, the other two laid by Messrs. G. N. ard W. H. Birks and Me C. H. Lehman wer. ?*itbdra»n. Ihe defendant, .who, judging by the evidence, is a shrewd fe]W, in appearance js a sharp-featuml but inottensive-loakinjr h»d*vida»L £ne Court did not fin;ah its work nntil 7 o'clock p.m., when it adjourned r«il the text day. Pigejbehjce Atlas Company asd its Sic *cbibebc— A meeting of the Defence League And subscribers interested in the *' Pictoresque Atk?' was held at tfce Bechabite Hall, Grott jetretit, Adelaide, on Fxiday evening. Mr. A. 'W. Ralph presided over a good attends see. He reported on the result of the case iigainatMr. Campbell, beard recently in the Adelaide Local Court before Mr. Commissioner KnsselL lfr. GarapbelTs ease had been d- - sided on a point of law, but there was not the slightest donbt in hi« mind that the Company would carry matters on to the Supreme Court. 'Jbvy were there tq $»!ce Rtepa fgr defending themselves in the event of the Company taking that action. A motion was carried that a canvasser be appointed to represent the League for the purpose of obtaining subscriptions towards the funds for defending subscribers against any action taken by the Picturesque Atku Company. It was unanimously carried that 10s. be the amount tD join the League, with power to the commitlaa to make a further call if found necessary. Several subscribers to the A.tlas became members. IKOCCIATION AGAINST^ PlBDHO-PsBUHOSIA — Some time since, at the request of Mr. Daw son, of near Robe, the Chief Inspector of Stock obtained some virus from Brisbane for the pur pose of inoculating cattle against pleuro pneumonia. Tubes were forwarded by the Chief Inspector (Mr. Gordon), and two calves of Mr. Dawson'a were inoculated with the virus. On one ^™™l the operation was unsuccessful, but from the second calf a quantity of pure virus was obtained, and 350 cattle have been successfully inoculated. This is the first time the treatment has been tried in South Australia, though it has been followed with good results in Queensland for tome time. A Danish Tbaveixea — There is now in Adelaide a representative of the tfeztved, a Danish dairy newspaper, in the person of Mr. 'Emil Opffer. His passport is quite an in teresting document, showing that he has travelled all over ihe world. Starting from Copenhagen, be toured Europe ard America, and from Bangkok, the capital of Siam, he came to Adelaide. He has called on the Vioe Consul for Denmark (Mr. Frederick Wright), and has informed him that the chief object of his visit is to enquire as to whether there is an opening for Danish immigration. Mr. Wright informed Mr. Opffer that under present condi tions he did not think it would be advisable to encourage the immigration of foreignera. Mb. Obwald Brown.— This eminent engi neer, who has been on a brief visit to the colony at the request of the Government, was the subject of a graceful compliment from the Adela;d3 corporate members of the Institute of Civil Engineers of London, who tendered him a dinner at the Cafe de Paris on Thursday evening. In responding to the toast of his health Mr. Brown expressed his appreciation of the cordiality of his reception, and testified to the pleasant evening he had passed with his co-members of the great Institute. The gather ing on breaking up desired for Mr. Brown continued success in his profession. Mr. Brown will leave for London by the Oceana, which sails t- day. He speaks of his three months' stay in the colony as having been most pleasant. About ten days ago he went to Melbourne and Sydney. The former city has made very rapid strides since he last eaw it, and with regard to the tramways Mr. Brown Eays he never saw a better system. The ad vance made by Melbourne and Sydney he considers is very great compared with Ade laide. Mr. Brown visited Broken Hill also, and was astonished to find such a large city there. B.H. JuxcnoN S.M. Co. — At a meeting of shareholders in this Company held in Mel bourne on Friday, Mr. S. Freareon, of Ade laide, preferred a series of grave charges with reference to the management of the mine. The result was a heated dis cussion and the withdrawal of an adverse resolution which had been moved by Mr. Frearson. Thereupon the Directors resigned, and a new Board was chosen as follows : — Adelaide Directors — Messrs. B. Johns, iT. Stockey, 6. F. Ind, and Murray; Melbourne Directors— Messrs. W. E. King, Alexander Campbell, rod. Sylvester Brown. A ttlegram elsewhere gives the details of a meeting, which will greatly interest] many people in this province, Mr. Mathews, of Bound Hill, has been appointed Manager, and an office of the Company is to be opened in Adelaide at an early date. Rmlwat Passbkgeb Tbaffic to Yobkb's P*MK3L'-4.— At a meei'ps of the Town Ccuncil of Mconta held on Thursday, May 14, a resolution 'that the Town Councils of Kadina, Wallaroo, Maitland, and Port Wakefield be asked to use their influence in endeavouring to obtain an alteration in the railway time-table, as it affects- Penin sula passengers leaving Adelaide, was carried. It was stated that they would be on tbe road three-quarters, of an hour more than was necessary.. It was also pointed out that passengers travellirg by the express which leaves Adelaide at- 7*45 a.m. arrive at Hamley one minute after the departure of the Peninsula train, which takes the passengers who left Adelaide at 7 a.m. The Late Dean Fabbell. — We understand that the Revs. F. S. Poole, M. A., and W. A. Campbell, M.A., and Mr. H. S. Wyatt, who have undertaken to collect from the benefi cisires of the Farrell Foundation the amount required for a brass lectern. for St Peter's College Chapel, as a memorial of the late Dean Farrell, have already received about £25. The amount required is between £50 and £G0. The appeal is made to the benenciaires of the fund only, and it is -expected that tha contri butions to come m from those who have not yet responded to the apr ;ol will make up the required sum. SOCTH ACBTSALTAX OSTBICH COKPAST. — An ordinary general meeting of shareholders in this Company was held at the Company's Offices, Ware Chambers, on Friday morning, May 29. Mr. D. Murray presided, and stated that during the year ending April 30 the Com pany had sold £2,583 worth of feathers, and in addition to paying their way the Directors had expended about £800 in rabbit-proof fencing and improvements on the farm at Port Augusta, and paid off a debt of £400 ard another of £136 13s. The Directors' report stated that the profit and loss account show.-i a profitof £679 14s. 2d. for the half-year. The ieport went on to say: — ''During the half-year the farm, which was badly infested with rabbits from the Government lands sur rounding it, has been enclosed with wire - netting. The rabbits have been low almost extermina'^d within the fences. The rainfall has been very light, and in conse fjuenee food has had to be purchased for the -«triches. The natural herbage is now growing *?«'}}, and -artificial feeding can be dispensed with. The feather yield has been somewhat =-hort of the corresponding' plucking last year, owing to the ravages of the locusts and rabbits. Up to latest advices the prices for feathers ob tainable in 'London are still encouraging-. The Directors hope as larger numbers of birds reach a feather-producing age the returns of the farm will greatly increase and the Company reatia. dividend-paying stage.' The report and -balance-sheet were adopted. Messrs. D. MntrayandJ. M. Anderson were re- elected Directors, and Mr. D. Kekwick was reap pomted Auditor. Accident at Kileesxt Railway Station. — An accident, fortunately unattended with serious results, occurred at the Kilkenny Rail way Station on Thursday evening, owing to the station being insufficiently lighted. The last carriage attached to the ten minutes past G o'clock train was not sufficiently drawn up alongside the platform. It was quite dark at the time, and although lamps are provided those to the north of the station building were not lighted. As a consequence a little girl, who travelled in the last carriage, on stepping out onto what she thought was the platform fell with much- force on to the line. The train proceeded without any of the officials making enquiry as-to whether she was hurt It being dark .they probably .did not.-see any persons wishing to get -out fro» the back portion of She train. Scddbx Deaxh. — Mrs. L'Estrange died suddenly at about 11.25 on Friday morning at Mrs. Fowlers . boarding-iiouse, nost door to Dr. Benry's, VicteriarEqoexe. Dc. Henry was sent for, -.bat medical treatment was of no avail. The City Cosoner has been informed. DiSEAKKD Meat isob S*t.e.— A *sw . days ago » resident of Norwood brought to the Jltyister Office x piece of suspicious-looking meat, which had Lecn supplied to him -from a tmtcisere shop in ooeof thesuburks of Adelaide. By o£r advice the meat was taken to the€tock Office, and it has since been pronounced to be diseased. Enquiries have been nude Ly -he Chitf Iuepector of Stock, but he hesnotj«t been able to take any action in the matter. Hose roa Jxcefabies. — Tbe raontbly mating of the committee was held af the Church Office, J-ish street, on May 23. Tlitro were present Dr. Wylde (in the chair). MttKlanif-a Farr, Makin, Darling, Sauerbier, tin- Ven. Archdeacon Russell, the Rev. W. H. iludi-, AJsjor-General Downes, Drs. Clindeu iiig, Hamilton, and Swift, Mew-re. A. Abrahams, O. W. Hawkey .Tame.? Smith, .-.ad tho Secretary. The Home Committee re ported one death during the month ; number of inmates, seventy-eight. The Secretary re ported that the building of the new wing was going on satisfactorily, and that the Home had been connected by telephone with the Telephone Exchange. The Treasurer reported receipt for month £75 10a. Account:; amount ing to £140 18s. lid. were passed for payment. The name of the Rev. A. T. Boas was added to the committee. Three applicants were passed for admission. Mr. Kikgston's Conciliation Bill. — The Toowoomla Chronicle of May 23 gives an extended report of speeches by the local members, Messrs. Aland and Groom, on the subjects of the day. The latter member in the course of a very interesting address re ferred to the Industrial Conciliation Bnl drafted by the Hon. C. C. Kingston, 'one of the ablest men in the colonies.' Mr. Groom, who said he had submitted the Bill to some eminent legal authorities who bad expressed a very high opinion of it, pledged himself to introduce it at the next session of the Queens land Parliament. Reforming thk Victorian Railway Seh vick. — No secret has been made (says the Mel bourne Telegraph Jot the fact that the employes in the Government railway service have for a long time had designs on the Railway Commie . sioners Act, 1883, but their ideas have never found definite form until this week. They contain many radical amendments, but per haps the most striking of all of them is the ap pointing1 of a Board of Examiners, the abolition of the finality of the Commissioners' decisions in all apr 3al cases, and the institution of an independent Board, with the formula of a Court of Justice, to hear all appeals. The em ployes also desire that there should be as little overtime as possible, that all appointments be by examination, and that supernumeraries be taken from qualified candidates with certifi cates irom the Board of Examiners. Tbe em ployes contend that their appointments should rot be for 'pleasure only,' but for 'good behaviour,' which is the reason Mr. Speight alleges why the Government have reappointed him. The employes consider the sauce which is good for the goose is suitable to the gander, and claim that all, top and bottom, should be treated alike. The MmTABT and thb Strikers in Qoxessxasd. — The special reporter of tho Australasian with the troops in Queensland writes : — 'Trudging drearily along in the mud, Ifell'into conversation with Sergeant-Ma jor Virgo, of the Imperial Service, who is engaged as Drill Instructor to the Defence Force. He carries the Egyptian ribbons on his breast, and was with the force which went up the Nile to the re'ief of Gordon. He fought several of the battles over again for my benefit. He waa close at hand when Herbert Cameron, war correspondent, was shot, and therefore feels a Bpecial interest in newspaper men. He eighs when he remarks that there will not be much chance of seeing me laid out, for our system of cam paigning seems tame after Egypt. There can be no doubt, from the tone in which he spoke, that if there were to be any firing this man would shoot to hit; He, like many others in the ranks of the Defence Force, believes in the principles of fTTnionisui, and though prepared to do his duty he was inclined . to sympathize with the men on strike so long as they kept within the law; but the constant insults to which he has been subjected have provoked in. him a feeling of great bitterness. At first when the troops appeared the Unionists cheered them ; but, finding that they did not, as expected, throw down their arms and make a theatrical demonstration in ..ippor^ .Of the 6trike, the Unionists changed their tone and exhausted all their ingenuity in inventing opprobrious epithets to fling after them. One of these expressions became a fwourite, simply because it was noticed thit even tha most stoical winced under it, for the insult did not include themselves alone. 'I have a good old father and mother in England now,' said Sergeant-Major Virgo, 'and by - — , if I get a chance I- will make some of these fellows* pay., for the slander they have put upon them.' The same feeling pervades the whole fo.ee. A con siderable number of the. men are actually membereof some of tha Trades and Labour Unions, and still more of them are strongly on the democratic side in politics.: They came forward when called on aa a matter of duty in support of law and order. The Unionists have succeeded in quickening what was cold obedience .into willing service— in the first place' by their lawlessness in action, and in the second place by their unrestrained foul ness of Bpeech.' . Riveb Levels, — The following shows the state cf the rivers above summer level at the undermentioned places on Friday, May 29: —Murray — Albury, 1 ft 7 in. ; Wah gunyah, 4 ft. Echuca, 5 ft. 9 in.; Swan Hill, 5 ft 9 in.; Euston, 10 ft. 5 in.; Overland Corner, 10 ft. ; Morgan, 11 ft 9 in.; Renmark, 9 ft 114 in. Mumnrbidgee — Gundagai, 4 f t ; Wagga Wagga, 2 ft 11 in.; Hay, 2 ft 4 in.; Balra nald, 4 ft 7 in. . Darling— Bourke, 3ft .2^ in.; Louth, 11 ft; TDpa. 14 ft 7 in.; Wfican nia, 16 ft. 5 in.; Menindie, 23 ft 9^ in.; Pponcarie, 24 ft 5 in.; Wentworth, 11 ft 11 in. Barwon — Mungundi, low ; Moeil, low ; Brewarrina, low. Culgoa— Goodoga, low; Namoi, low. A Runaway.— On Friday afternoon a horse attached to a caniage bolted up Franklin street and into Brown-street, bat when it reached Whitmore-square it was caujht and taken to the City Watchhouae by a constable. A little later on the horse and carriage were claimed by Hill & Co.'s Manager. The driver, Joseph White, aged thirty-seven years, clambered out on to the shafts with the sup posed object of getting the reins, but felL He was taken to the Hospital, when it was found that two bones in his light leg were featured. 