CRUMBS. Blunt Tom. Considerate Tom. No land-grant railways. Good rains in the North. Dairyman W. Hill suicided. Big "Hansard" this session. Tom's grin amused the ladies. Game of ins and outs started. Prominent Oppositionists busy. Influenza has made a few grips. Sensational bowling from Ferris. ParkeB appealing to the country. Break of gauge question revived. Tom wont have differential rates. The "historic foot" wouldn't go down. A warning against land-grant railways. One lady "sauced" the Prime Minister. Electoral campaign in New South Wales. Parkes carefully steering the State chariot. Horse-trainer Tothill died from an accident. Poor old Wallaby broke his leg on Satur day. Retrogressive land-taxers may take a back seat. Uncle Sam is chuckling over his wheat pros pects. Are we to have another progressive land tax fight ? Sir Henry Parkes is as mysterious as the rphinx. Women might havea vote, apart from serving on Juries. Sir Henry's object is to make Federation the main issue. Poor Hill was a most enthusiastic advocate of irrigation. A Women's Franchise Bill wanted from the Government. Tailors' strike in London; people making their own pants. The Narbethong murderer "either a supreme egotist or a lunatic." Parnell accused of stealing from the Irish Parliamentary Fund. Estimated cost of railway from Sydney to Gockburn is £1,168,000. Parson Nicholson has issued another mani festo—thiB time for rain. Without popular enthusiasm federation will be a delusion and a snare. New Zealand Government's policy in two words—"No borrowing." Neat speeches from Mrs. Mary Lee, Miss Martin, and Miss Spenee. Miss Martin ready to join an amazon corps when the men won't fight. Brown coal at Leigh's Creek reflects some credit on " Stone Brown." We want weather depressions in order to spare us trade depressions. Broken Hill wants the railway to Sydney. Another string to her bow. " We suppose that women and working men are to be our future rulers." A nephew of the late John McDouall Stuart died in Sydney on the 19th. It is no longer the Prim-ear nor the Prime ear, but the Prime Minister. Branch School of Mines and Industries established at Port Augusta. We hope to make headway and not Leigh way with our coal discovery. Medicos at sixes and sevens over Colston's accountability as a murderer. China adopts a quick and ready way of deal ing with a disgraced Minister. Bound Hill Matthews has been appointed Manager of the Junction Mine. "Keen competition forbids sentiment in business." Eight, Mr. Coombe. Prime Ministers cannot agree as to how to bring federation before the people. An Observer reporter is going to describe a ten weeks' journey in the Par North. Messrs. W. It. Wilson and A. Campbell have been elected Directors of Block 10. A Danish traveller to South Australia is advised that immigration is not popular. It will soon be difficult to find a man who is not either a J.P., an M.P., or an M.L.C. An insult to women to say they cannot be trusted to vote unless they have property. The country Bhould have a say in the dis posal of the land adjoining Leigh's Creek. An importation of skilled Danisli dairy hands would be a blessing to South Australia. The Prime Minister couldn't think of taking away any of the glory from Mr. Caldwell—oh, no! If Leigh's Creok coal can bo proved service able it would in all probability pay for work ing? The intellectual powers of those women were sufficient to justify the passing of a Franchise Bill. Bart is responsible for "Prime Minister" by calling the head of the Government " Prime ear." The limits put upon colonial borrowing may spoil the ardour for the Sydney to Barrier rail way. Union shearers are going to stay at home and mind their own business in this colony this year. A rise in coal shares does not imply a rise in the price of coal, but a rise out of some people. More water in the Reservoir than last year, but less sjririt in the country with this dry weather. The Parliamentary Works Committc, Syd ney, has given a massive exhibit of special pleading. A dangerously retrogressive step to intro duce the property qualification in the Assembly franchise. We have the railway, the trade, and the natural advantages for it in connection with the Barrier. The advantage of appealing to the people about federation is that it stimulates interest in the subject. Before getting a railway from Sydney to Broken Hill, there will be a great run on the patriotic Bank. Blankets are said to owe their names to Thomas Blanket, an English clothier of the fourteenth century. Minimise the cost and magnify the possible receipts—that's how to get a railway from Sydney to the Barrier. The question is whether Port Adelaide has not been unfairly handicapped in the competi tion for the Barrier trade. Some of those ladies should remember it is not proper form to interrupt the Primo Minis ter in the course of his reply. Western Australia has afforded her older sisters a useful lesson as to the evils of the system of laud-grant railways. New South Wales conceives it to be a national duty to cut South Australia's throat for the sake of the Barrier trade. Time the Victorian Government prevented irresponsible medical men from interfering with the administration of justice. Wives and mothers, who are the bnilders up of the nation, have as much claim to a voice in its affairs as the propertied spinsters. Has any one ever heard of an agreement for the construction of a land-grant railway in which the Government has not been got at ? Should not the Port Football Club discard that dreadful French word "premier?" Be original, and try the Yankee word " Boss." Some yeam ago an Irish settler in Adelaide wrote of ns thus to an Irish paper:—"If you wiBh to give charity there is no one to give it to." Absurd of Tom to talk like a Radical about women's -conservatism, and yet say that lie would support a women's property qualifica tion. Sydney Labour Party are- going to show Adelaideans bow to capture seats in Parlia ment. Will watch end see how granny sucks It isn't agreeable to hand one of your jokes to the Crumbman, and bare him ask " How many times is this to go in ?" [This is no joke. —P.D.I " He s not going to bring any more Egyptian mummies," remarked the Rev. W. R. Fletcher, ' M.A., at the farewell social to the Rev. J. R. Glasson. Of course the Barrier deputation had no hostile intention against the Ministry! Still "thereis a flavour of no-confidence motions , about it." Apparently on first thoughts Sydney census | man thought Chinky not worth enumerating, j When Victoria headed the list, however, John's scalp became valuable. Our Governments ate not so rich in ideas as to put forth varying policies to tempt the multitude. Rather ask the multitude to supply - them with a fragment of a policy. I "There is a decided disposition nowadays to attribute moral delinquency to involuntary or uncontrollable causes. The supremacy of the human will is seriously threatened." i "I am half out of patience," said the Rev. J. 1 Stirling, "with Societies for converting the heathen, while people in our cities have never heard of God except to blaspheme by. "J Dr. Youl—" A murderer is a supreme egotist, and seldom has any feeling of pity for his viol ( tim, being in that particular like those people who endeavour to save him from the gallows." After the lapse of ten or twelve years the Homeauthorities might withdrawthe Auxiliary Squadron, which will then become the free property of the Imperial Government. That's a nice position. A learned prelate once remarked that super ficial Christians who devote their whole tune and thoughts to controversy are no wiser than musicians contending whether they should use upright or horizontal pianos. "Lot the historic foot whioh had left its print upon every advancing step of the colony during the last twenty-six years be put down once more, and say that the South Australian women shall be free." That's Mrs. Lee to Honest Tom. Yet another remedy for consumption is an- , nounced, due this time to a French physician, and we are glad to see that Australia will have ' some of the credit for the discovery. The patient is shut up for from three to five hours daily in a metallic chamber filled with com pressed air saturated with creosote aud euca lyptic oil. One of the Criunbman's many friends writes: —It seems almost impious to pray for rain when about two-fifths of the people do their best to get rid of their wages between Saturday and Monday, one-fifth speculate theirs on sports, another fifth don't want to get out of debt, while the other fifth acquiesce in the Divine will. Judge Bundey's Opinion.—"With the ad vancement of the age the time was not far distant when a tribunal of specially skilled men would be formed to decide upon the sanity j or otherwise of criminals, and that such crimi- ! nals being found insane would be kept apart from their fellows (not as criminals, out as a class), and not be allowed to marry or propa gate." Fax.—Forty years aeo our own car of Jug gernaut was a one-hos concern. We were governed by one Mouse; and among its mem bers was a famous tanner who, when treated with a little pleasant sarcasm, is reported to have replied, " I am not such a donkey as to devour the chaff of my honourable friend, nor so thin- skinned as to be irritated by it." (Shouts of laughter.) But talking about thin skinned animals, what do you think of the following statement of that writer on natural history ■:—"The whale, which belongs to the mamalia (youngsuckers), is protected by a skin two feet thick; but the thickest- skinned quadruped is the Indian rhinoceros, whose hide is so impenetrable as to resist the claws of the lion or tiger, the sword, or the halls of the muBket. It is so stiff and hard that if it were not divided by creases or folds the brute would scarcely be able to move. It is manufactured into leather of great strength and durability, and targets and shields are made of it, that are absolutely proof against darts, sword, and arrows." Only fancy. Yet fax. U C, the brute with such a hide need not hide from his Fax.—Now then for two or three biographi cal crumbs. "The smallest contributions thankfully received" (the largest relegated to the limbo of our waste basket). This is what our Historiograpbical Crumbman writes:— " It was on May 29, 1453, that Constantino XIII., the last Emperor of the East, was slain. He was the son of Manuel IL. and succeeded bis brother John Fateologus in 1448. Seven years later Mahomet II. laid siege to Constantinople with a formidable army; but Constantino, abandoned by the princes of Christendom, died liouhearted while defending the city in the breach. Then it was that the Kini of Christianity set as the crescent of Islamism rose in the East.—It was on May 29, 1814, that Marie Rose Josephine, late Empress of the French, departed to "The Beyond" at the age of 51. When a child of 15 she was married to the Viscount de Beauhornais, who in 1794 lost his head beneath the guillotine. Two years later, Napoleon, enchanted by the fascinations and beauty of tlio disconsolate widow, lost his heart, married her, and heart less as the grim warrior was, divorced her in 1809, five years before his abject abdication and Josephine's death.—Once more, it was on May 29, 1829, that Sir Humphrey Davy, the distinguished chemist, and inventor of the immensely useful "Davy lamp," quitted this mortal scene. Fax.—"Whither are we drifting?" There is nothing new in this interrogation, though as our only P.O. would say it might perplex a pusillanimously pugnacious provincialiBt who was obnubiated by its pcnumbral umbrageous noes to discover its origin. But listen. The Jacobin Club originated in a - secret society of about forty choice spirits, who met in the Hall of the Jacobin Friars at Paris to discuss and disseminate the virtues of certain political nostrums that were to cure all the social ills that flcsli is heir to. And the question, "whitherare we drifting,"was debated with constantly increasing animation night after night, as the choicest Bordeaux was satis factorily stowed away. By-aad-by thd club became so large that brandies were estab lished in various parts of Paris and in the principal towns of the kingdom; and still the cry was reiterated "whither are we drifting." Well, 17 C these Jacobins had a powerful in fluence upon the deliberations of the National Assembly, they were avowed enemies of mon archy, aristocracy, and Christianity, and they supplied many of the combustibles that even tuated in that tremendous explosion—"The Reign of Terror." They were suppressed in 1794. Fax.—N.B.—'The gloriously disastrous 1st of June. It was on this memorable day, A.D. 1794, that Lord Howe gained his famous nava victoiy over the French Fleet. off Ushant Ushant, yon must know, is a tight little island on the north-west coast of Franoc, eleven miles from the mainland, llow Howe with his fleet little fleet managed to give the enemy such a severe peppering it is hard to say. He said from the first *' I wil' do it." Monsieur said "Ushant!" but he did—lie took six ships of the lino, and sank several others. But, funny enough, both sites claimed the victory. It happened thusly:— While the two fleets wore hammering away, a lot of French merchantmen, on the safety of which the French nation depended for its means of prosecuting the war, got safely into Brest, six or seven abreast; and so the enemy claimed the laurels, not.vithstanding their heavy loss of ships and in killed and wounded. Fax." Fax.—If you have ever stood upon Monte fiore Hill during a cricket match you have no doubt admired the little eleven below. It must have reminded you of Dickens's Cricket on the (hlearth. But, talking about cricket, do you know who were the first fiddlers 1 Well, that astute naturalist writes as follows: —" Crickets do not sing; they fiddle. Their hind _ legs are the bows, ahd the projecting veins of their wing co v ;rs the strings. On each side of the body in the first segment of the abdomen, just above and a little behind the thighs, is a deep cavity, closed by a thin pieoe of skin stretched tightly across it like a banjo oover. When the insect begins to play he bends the thank of one hind leg beneath the thigh, where it is lodged in a furrow designed to receive it, and then draws the leg briskly up and down several times against the projecting lateral edge and veins of the wing-cover. But, talking about violins, what do you think of this " In former days we had the violin, Ere the true instrument had come about: But now we say, since this all ears doth gain, The violin hath put the viol out." What vilepunning! Fax.—You of course have heard of the Holy Maid of Kent. I was about to ask how any thing holy could be made of Kent, but I sud denly remembered that " he who would per petrate a pun would pick a pocket," and I forbear. But this is what our (Historical Crumbman says of the young lady in ques tion. Her name was Joan Boscher. She was an illiterate country girl, whom the Catholios employed to exoite the British nation against the proposed divoroe of Queen Katharine and Henry VIII. of pious memory, and the projected severance of the English Church from that of Bome. In her delirium during a nervous attack she imagined herself to bo another Joan of Arc, or it may be a rein carnation of the French heroine. She then de nounced the King and the prevailing heresies, and excited such "a tumult among the people" that she and her accomplices were arrested, charge with high treason for a conspiracy against the King, tried, found guilty, and burned alive without mercy in the year of grace 1550. 