INDIA AND AUSTRALIA. BY ALFRED DEAKIN. Who would oomprehond tho interest which India .should havo. for Australia must first understand the interest which it 1ms for the rest of the world. : This is'uniquo, and inoxlinustiblc, and of many phases. Tho first plaoe in tho traveller's curiosity is usually occupied by tho external aspects of modern nativo life, and some architectural remains, which- attest tho power, opuleiioo and artislie taste of ' ono or two opoohs, in as striking a manuor as oven Egyptian ruins, or, tiioso' later and more ex quisite fragments whiah exhibit— . The glory'tlint was Greece ' And tlio grandeur that was Rome. But there is muoh besides, vaster, - mora pro found, and- moro pregnant in appeal to tho thoughtful. - The 'aspoots of Naturo aro varied and magnificent, ombraoiiig overy kind and elites of spebtaolo, from soils fat with tho' rcouperotivo fertility of inun dations, to desert wastes of" scorching, dun colored sand ; from cosy, - homely nooks' of fruitful villngo fields, ; to : sterile, rocky peaks, . and fathomless doptkB of inncccssiblo gorges ; from over popu lated, ovor oultivated river flats, sparsely settled plateaux, nud savage-haunted jungles, to craggy wastes, untenanted savo by a lonely herdsman, fieroo refugee, or sad outoastod olan. Indeed the beauties of many oliinca and countries are scattered profusely throughout this mighty poniusulo. limb-like rooted in its socket, so near tho heart of Asia, and so magnificently mountain jointed. Lessgrand, less inspiring, but as various, and moro intimately interesting to most tourists, are tho multitudinous branches of tho human family whom it maintains in ono or othor of its iregions, offering an infinite wealth of lluitration and snggos tion to tho anthro pologist, historian, philanthropist, and to nil seekers amid tho cmbors of tho past for the far off origins of raco, language and re ligion. Then tliore is that groat political marvel— the British, raj— littlo moro stable than in tho days of Clive, though immensely expanded and moro highly organised. If tho Eurasians, or half-breeds, at prosent a despised and insignificant body, oould transfuse the Cau casian capacity for self government into a now nativo caste, or carry into European families a sufficient strain of Hindu blood to render them climato proof, and capable of permanent resi dence, there would bo a brlghtor outlook for the future. As it is, the gulf botween the two pooplos is deepening, if not widening ; and the glaoier-like advance of the forceB of tho White Czar has brought them at last within hail of the gates of India. Another interest shouldbothoirrigationsystom —bold, comprehensive and original— by which millions are fed, a monument to tho sagaoity, ability and magnanimity of British rulers. This until now all visitors have carelessly passed by. Tho writer was tho firstoivilian unconnected with the Government who had ovor taken tho pains to visit tho Sirhind Canal, and othor impor tant works, which should be tho admiration of thousands. Railways of equal and evon greator size, and of equal, if not superior, efficiency, we can soo olsewbero, .but thoro is not a oanal system in tho world to compare with that of India. Yot ovon to the people who oroated this system it is as if itworonot, "as if it could not be, as if it bad not boon," so littlo do Anglo-Indians know about it. When tho roproaah of ignoranco and indifforence shall have been removed, ' critics will undoubtedly award. this achievement- of British ongineors its fitting place iu the scale of their interest and attention. The most glowing panogyrio is MUllcr's— " If I wore to look over tho wholo world to find out the country most riohly endowed with all tho wealth, power and beauty that naturo can bestow— in some parts a very pnradiso on earth— I should point to India. If I were asked undor what sky tho human mind has mostfully de veloped some of its choicest gifts, has most deeply pondered on the greatest problems of life, mid has found solutions of Bomo of them which well descrvo the attention evon of those who have studied Plato and Kant, I should point to India. And if I were to ask myself from what litera ture we, in Europe, we who have been nurtured almost exclusively on the thoughts of Greeks and Romans, and of one Semitic race, the Jewish, may draw that corrective whioli is most wanted in order to make oar inner life more perfect, moro comprehensive, more universal, in fact more truly 'human. , . again I should poiut to India." In this brilliant passage tho learned professor has certainly not understated tho case, and has carefully ehoscn his comparisons. There is nothing in India, oven in a rudimentary way, that can bo held to vie with the wealth of Italy in soulpture, painting, poetry, or indeed in nny art except that of architecture. Even in this tha masterpieces are few, aro not tho high expression of an harmonious culture, such as belonged to Greeee, and Grecco alone, nor are they to be measured as a whole with the eomplex and changeful Gothio ; but they aro in the front rank of tboir own style, almost its soli tary oxemplais, and offer a small group of edi fices of imperishable beauty, one of which, in its perfcotness of unity and graoe, surpasses every thing that has come down to us comploto from the wreok of time. These and tho literature, through whiah aro scattered genu of poetry, pearls of philosophy, and many ttickcriug rays from a dimmer lamp of religious., truth, com- poso a priceless heritago, winning for the raco and place from wbioh they Bprang immortal wreaths of unoonquerable fame. The fameand fortunes of England aro staked to-day ; upon' tho . control of 'this peninsula. While India is kept intact, the British Empire remains a power of the first rank. If India falls undor a foreign yoke, the prestige and influence of tho nation fall with it, never to rise again, unless, indeed, tho balanoo bo redressed by the growth and oohosion of colonics whioli have beeomo commonwealths, dominions and federations, by whoso might and influence tho ; globe will bo ringed, and girdled from sea to sea. Meanwhile, within the country, probloms multiply apaeo — problems which go to tho root of national and' political life, and exhibit-in full play the seminal principles upon whioh our whole-social order is' founded. The limits of authority, and rights! of citizens, the sway of oonseicntious despotism, and domands of a colored deihocraey, the 'strength of bydra- beaded superstitions,- tenacity of ' customs' whioh are barbarous,' and unwholesomo in their operation, oapaoity- for moral and intellectual progress of many mixed peoples, tho possibility of a working relationship between' the n'dvauoed east and the' advanced west, tho applicability of European civilisation to Asia, and the solution of tho grcht'dilfiaultlca attend ing an unrestricted multiplication of tho species, all face us in India, whoro for aught we know the Armagoddon of tho 20th century may bo fought, or from whose decaying altars tho fire to kindle its'ushorihg conflagrations in other lands may be brought. " Out of tho East light"— possibly; in tho shape of lightning, to discern the depths ; ovor which, and tho reeks umang which, the modern spirit is drifting. All things aro yot possiblo in this strange land. Any birth is ooncoivablo from the spiritual marriage between the Anglo-Saxon and the Hindu, which is now being consummated. Their Btrifo tins brought out the best and worst in both natures ; their union may do tho same. They must profoundly modify eooh other, but tho cxtout to which their mutual infiuenoo will operate, or tho miracles it will work, defy prediction. Between India and Australia there must always be many links and associations. The irrigation systems ot India will be of porennial interest to all hydraulic engineers, and espcoially to those on this sido of tho lino. The southern colonies of Australia are certain to bo always in favor with officials on furlough in search of health, or those . who have rotirod,and sook a bomo in a temporato olimate, froe from tho tropic heat of their field of labor, or tho snows of their place of birth. Austra lians and Anglo-Indians aro therefore bound to bo aloso acquaintances. Intimacy botween tho two countries will doubtless bo . estab lished in course of timo - They aro .part of ono ompire, and thus linked to ono dostiny, bat those relations whioh aro likely to developo earliest, and bo of most immediate importance, may bo. grouped at onco under two heads, trade and invasion, peace and war. Both depend upon tho maintenance of British supremacy in Iudia, and. the exclusion of any European rival. Under British domination freo trade ob tains, and her .ports aro open to all our produots. Duties upon hor products in Australia aro mainly for revenue purposes, and in Victoria that upon, tea has reocntly been swept away. There ia no fiscal impediment therefore to a oloscr union of the two countries, and ono would suppose, from tho difference in ago, climate, population and oconomio conditions, commercial interco-urso would be likely to prove 'of mutual benofit. So .far this does not , appear to ha vq been the case. . The irrigated fields of India aro not likely, to increase. its exports to Australia- In 1889 Vic toria took 24,393 owl. of wheat from Bombay, but our-cbief purchases are rice, bags, tea, jute, castor oil, yams, coffee, with peppor, spices and tapioca from Further Iudia and the Malay Peninsula. Rico and jute aro practically the only products of watered fiolds which wo con sume, and neither appears to promise a sufficient return to justify its cultivation here where qlimntio conditions would permit. Our exports to India aro ovon loss valuable and leas agricul tural, gold, specie and horses completing tho list. In 1889 we bought £375,000, and sold £420,000 worth of goods. Out of this, the liorse trado alone is of nny value to tho country districts. Considering our nearness to India, and tho feat that our chief European mail lines tonoh at Ceylon, the fact that our trado amounts to less than £800,000 anuually is rather re- markablo. .' , It would, bo unreasonable to anticipate that we Bhould be able to compete in Bombay with English manafaotnros, but it does appear oxtraordiuary that we do not take advantage of our seasons to send orchard and other produots just acroHS tile lino. Mr. D. Wilson, the able and indofntigable .dairy . expert, entrusted mo with three tins .of - fac tory butter whioli passed through the tropios in my cabin, and were tested in Ceylon about one month, in Lahore and Calcutta about two months after my departure. Tho first tin was opened by Mr. Ferguson, editor of tho Ceylon Observer, whose vordlol was that , tho sample was equal to Danish or Normandy ; that be had seldom tasted hotter, .and that it might bo taken for fresh. The seoond was stated by the editor of the Civil and Military Gazette tobo oxcollent, "quito up to the standard of tinned Danish butter." The third tin was noticed to be palpably defective before being opened — a circumstance that need ocoasion no surpriso sinoo it had been subjeot to very harsh treatment during a railway journey of over 3000 miles'in addition to its sea voyage. Mr. Bleehynden, the Ssorotary of the Agricultural and Horticul tural Sooioty of India, whose head quarters are in Calcutta, opened it beforo his oommittoo and found the contonts quite spoiled. . The remains wero afterwards made into capital "Ghi." This nativo substitute is really butter, bailed and olarified in a liquid stato ; it is solely employed by the Hindus for . all pur- posos, and largely by Europeans in cookery. It keeps well, but is -too tallowy in tasto for tlie palates of white men. When made from buffalo milk it is richer in cream, and stronger in flavor, than if from tho cow. . At least . one attempt was . made in Victoria to produce " Ghi " for export to India, but.tho experiment was not attended with success. For; ono thing tho . caste difficulty has to be surmounted, for though the average Hindu will cheerfully sell to liis brethren a compound dofiled by the intro duction of beef fat, ho will not peril his own salvation by eating it, nud tho mere fact that butter has been made by European liaads is enough of itself to absolutely prohibit it to tho pious. Ghi fetches from 9J. to Is. a lb., but owing to oasta prejudices, and the difficulty of hitting tho nativo taste, this enormous market is probably olo3ed to Aus tralian enterprise. Anglo- Indians alano consume buttor, and it is to supply their tables that tho dairy farmers of the colonies might well devoto some attention. It is true that tho European population is small, but it can afford to pay for a good article, and my own oxperionoa iiidioatas that the olimatio conditions are by no means unconquer able. Goad Danish butter kept iu ice, and invariably usod in tent life, sometimes fetches 3s. a lb. in tho interior in summer, when a native butter can be had ; for . Is. Oaloutta, Bombay, and Madras, are badly supplied with a looal product at all soasons,' tho better quality being usually found up eouutry, nud the best, curiously enough, at Karachi. Thoro should always bo a good but limited market - in theso capitals for tho best quality butter, carried in refrigerating chambors and sold nt a high prieo. Tlicro should bs a largo market for a fair butter of even grade, if once our purchasers oould obtain an entrance into the Commissariat department, and supply the large quantities needed for tlie troops. In this direation thoro is distinctly a most promts ing opportunity. Tha export might bo supplemented to some extent by supplies of milk— always thin and poor in India — for if tho ooncontrated milk, now growing in favor, oould bo trans mitted withsufficiont frequency ill cool chambers it would bo heartily wolcomcd by well-to-do whites. There appears to be somo prospect of obtaining oustom from the army also, as Brigade-Surgeon Hamilton and othor medical authorities havo strongly condemned tho present system of borroek victualling. A " milk and butter supply " branch of tho eommissariat has been suggested, tho medical officer named having estimated that the cost to the Stato of enteric fever cases, many of which aro attributed ' to infeotcd milk and butter, iu the three regiments stationed at Luoknow, has amounted in firo years to £30,000. Tho prico paid for hos pital milk by oontraot with the natives is 5d. per quart, and though no doubt nny projeot for supplying concentrated milk in quantity to India implies an immenso advance an our present methods of preserving and transmitting it, the domand is worth keeping in mind. The fact that the great centres of white popu lation aro practically on tho seaboard, must bo taken into account in all theso matters. With cool storage provided in them, it should bb easy to initiate a business in fruit and vegetables. It is probable thqt tho prioes paid for good table vegetables, ill tho hot Bcaioii would more than make up tho cost of transit! The potatoes obtainable seem speoially poor, English fruits are everywhere stalo and taste less, and though they aro beginning to be grown under the Himalayas, in tho Kulu Valley, and tho Kangra distriot, there is no extensive local production. Peaches and similar fruits thrive at Peshawar, and tha Panjab derives a certain supply from tbo north, but tho coasts aud the south would doubtless greedily receivo a small, steady and first class supply, as luxuries- Bacon, bam and preserved meats might bo almost a monopoly for Australia. The army requirements alone should domand a aonstant output. Chilled meat far the tables of white residents ought to command high rates, as its flavor would far surpass anything at present obtainable oven in winter- In fine tho wants of the white population in dairy produce, fruit, fresh and preserved meats could be mot most readily from this country! and though the trado would havo narrow limits, ought to prove remunerative to our farmers and thoir agents. Considering that wo are but a fort night distant, aud that the country lies on our main steamship routes, ' it iB somewhat sur prising that our exchange is so backward. We need their toa, coffee, rioe and jute, and can roturn from farms and orchards, as well as from mines and stations, what oar kinsmen want! The nativo papulation we are scarcely likely to attract, but there is a great business to bo done with them if their casta taboo was onco set aside. The future of Northern Australia is alleged to depend upon colored agricultural labor, and if this be tho ease it. is certain that the ohoapest relays could bo obtained from India. The difiT- oulty hitherto has been tho stringency of the conditions Imposed by tho Indian Go vernment, and its insistence upon the poriodioal roturn of its immigrants, in whioh respects it exactly complies with colonial requirements; If Asialio labor is indispensable, tho Hindu has his recomtnondaUons, especially ifstrictly limited in his absences from home, as indeed ho invari ably demands to bo. If not tho equal of the Chinese' in enterprise, or versatility, some of his races are their superiors in intelleot and in war. Tho general nature or final conse quences of intercourse betwoon tho great penin sula and tho newest of continents aro too remote oven for speculation, though tho probability is that trado rotations will draw un closer year by year, that tiado being to tho advantage of both parties, until, if not after, our tropioal territories, and futaro island depen dencies, are well developed. In timo of war the provisioning of troops should ooeasion a largo and sudden demand for horses and supplies geuerally, though in such a crisis the thoughts of Australians arc oertniu to be absorbed in tho conflict and its issued rather than In tho commercial opportunities that may offer. The situation would certainly bo very -serious if it wero possiblo for tho Russians to occupy the country, and find at last tho opening seawards for whioh their great Empire lias so long boon seeking. With. India as a base of operations for a hostile powor! this continent would be directly threatened, and though it may bo doubted if we shall bo strong enough, when tho inevitable struggle comes, to lend any efficient aid in repel ling a Muscovite attack, it would assuredly be immensely to our interest, not only as Britons! but as Australians, to seo that assault repolled. It is probable that tho first attack will fail, and oertainly tho country is to-day muoh better fitted to rceoire and sustain tho shook than it was a few years ago. Tho frontier Is bettor known and- defined. The hill tribes are more friendly, railway communication is all but oompleted, and tho army itself in floor fighting trim. Tliore are, of oourso, as there always will be, reforms to be effoctcd and preparations to be modo, but it sooins cloar that thero has been a greatadvanceduringthopast decado,and thatthe Russians who havo fought thoir way with splen did persistency to the heart of Asia, and whose troops are now exploring tho Pamir table land to tho north of Kashmir, in order to find a road southward, will find a warm weloome whon they arrive. This is not tho place to descant upon military problems, but it is plain that'- the struggle is not far off. Tho motley crowd that throng tho bazaars of Pcshawur, and Lahore, contains groups who como from the Russian borders. Turkestan, or Independent Tartary, is disappearing from tho map, and the rival white' races will probably bo facojto face before long near tho sources of tho Amoor. Tho Hindus will probably bo truo to tho British flag, and will resist anything but disaster. How they will faeo European troops wbon thom'- selvos lod by Europeans remains to bo seen, but in tho first days of tho mutiny, before they were cowed, they certainly fought with des perate bravery. They aro ill fitted to play a losing hazard, and aro peculiarly subjeot to sudden panic.bcgotteu by superstition U3 muoh as foar; but certain of thoir tribos are daring, resolute, and ferocious, and on these the main reliance must bo placed. Tho plianoy, fluidity, and patient persistency of tho avorago Hindu, whioh onable him to rosist innovation, and to assert himself, in a passive way, generation aftei aneration, so as to keep hi tp true, under all his bbsequiousness and subserviency, to his na tional traits, beliefs, and customs, are not martial virtues, and are of no service in tbefielcL The brunt of the battle will bo borne by British regiments, inspired by traditions of the deeds of the Mutiny, which remain, and are likely to remain, among the heroic pages in the glorious Chronicle of the race. We ibould not have known what innate capacity for daring, endur ing, and governing, existed in the. stock, if it had Vever struck root in India ; and now that it has survived so many storms, and sealed its title with so much blood and treasure, the prize is not likely to be easily surrendered. ' Carlyle says— "Consider now, if they asked us, Will you "give up your Indian Empire or jroar Shakspeare, you English? Never have bad any Indian Empire, or never, havo had any Shakspeare ! Really, it were a grave question. " Andconcludes:— " IndianEmpire wiU go, at any rate, ' some day, but this Shakspeare does not go, he lasts forever with us ; wc cannot give up our Shakspeare." Very true, though the "some dsiy" which this rather despairing pas sage foresees has not yet arrived, and may be long srrivmg. Granting that, measuring odds and circumstances, it seems impossible for the Briton to keep his hold for another century upon this tropic empire, aud its hordes of half- civilised peoples, it must still be remembered that it has always seemed equally impossible, and that its little garrison has surmounted crisis after crisis, and peril after periL . The miracle of valor and statecraft by which it has been subdued, may be repeated and prolonged by tlio samo agencies — by new troops of resolute and . gal lant spirits sprung from the old race. It is, at all events, a critical issne for ouryouog communities which, in their pride of descent, and haughtiness of national feeling, seem apt to forget that they have made their homes neither In Europe nor America, but in Austral-Asia— Southern Asia — and that their fortunes may by this means be linked in the closest manner, in trade and in strife, in peace and in war, with the great continent near to us, whoso richest and most magnificent' promontory rests to- day under the shadow of the same flag. . ' It is infinitely pleasanter, no doubt, to Ignore future possibilities of this kiod, abut the eyes to signs arid omens of tlio times, aud preach. peace whore there is' nowhere peaoe ; but is it reasonable to pass by the great changes In' locomotion by sea and - land, which are" bringing us ' hearer and " nearer to the Old World, with its feuds and armed forces, its greed of torritory and insatiable ambitions? In another quarter of a century the map of Asia, as well as of Europe, may be changed, and unless faced by a federated Aus tralia, which,, though democratic and pacific, wouldhe prepared toresistaggression, and tom&iu-; tain its flag, the. belligerents may find our pro- tectihgstretchof ocean bridge able, and our people unarmed or unorganised. To prepare for Buoh a contingency is not to dread it, but is to render it incapable of occasioning dread. It is not to question tlie naval supremacy of tho mother country, or its readiness to come to our aid, but is to recognise the responsibility of every virile people to protect itself, If. it were only to maintain its pelf respect. Such prospects, and such & policy, pre hot popular in the ordinary sense of the terra. The average elector and his representa tive alike prefer to discuss matters nearer home, moreloc&l;, more parochial, promising early profit, presenting means and ends moro closely related, nnd in" which there is a smallor element of nhanoe, and narrower opening for prophecy. It seems better even to sport withtbe Amaryllis of Irrigation, and with the tangles of State social ism, rather than lookso far ahead and travol sof&r; afield. And yet suoh issues must have their place in our prevision, for in the event of the great catastrophe occurring, the local interests which we hold so dear, and the industrial democracy 4 which it is our first aim to preserve, might perish in a common wreck. It is in the interests of home that we should look abroad, and in tho interests of peace that we should be prepared for war. It should count for something iu our mental development that in this youngest part of the world wo aro actually within bail of tho oldest portions, and that almost within the shadow of its most absolute military despotism our nation should bo building up ultra demo cracies of the most industrial and pacific type. Cynics may profess to discern n likeness between them, or at least a kinship, but between what institutions or practices of humanity is there not some propinquity? Does uot every affirmative inoludo its negative ? What is thore that exists which can give itself airs of cxclusivcness, or proclaim with hauteur its separatcncas from tho universe of which it forms a part ? That intellectual give and take which is a stimulus to thought .everywhere should be especially quick and .prolific between Australasia, or Southern Asia, and its northern continent. \Vo aro noar enough to readily visit India, and bo visited. Its Btudcnts might como to the universities of our milder climate, instead of facing tho winters of Oxford, Paris or Heidelberg ; our thinkers may yet becoino authorities upon questions which need personal acquaintance with that country and its peoples. Wo may perhaps even hint, without undue self approbation, that our own courso of evolution .having been found worthy of study by eminent Buropc&ns;, there may be something for Brah- manic criticism even under the Southern Cross, .. But it would be as idle to dwell upon fore casts of this order as it is foolish to discard them altogether Until it bo demonstrated that there is some reason why tho nearest great .country to ub should bo tabooed, its peoplo, its jprodaots and its destiny ignored, and all the .flowing tides of its spiritual lifo and teaching excluded from thoso far rcaohing currents which sot to us past its ; shores, and influence us across tho whole circumference of our planet, wc may hold it lo bo inevitable, as well as natural, that one , if the first outward going movements of our :lxD&nsive; Australian life will brlug us into contact, . and then into commnnion, with radio. The fascination that it exercises upon our kindred will possibly be deepened for us, for the differences between our conditions and those of the East remain even greater than theirs. Until we cense to feel tho pulse beat of human thought, and to movo in accordance with the mental and moral unfolding of the race, we cannot refuse the attraction which tlio ancient wisdom of the Aryans exercises upon all reflective and intuitional persons ; until we have ceased to feel the last faint touch of patriotism towards the islands in the Atlantic from which our fathers came, we cannot listen unthrilled 'and unfired to the story of the heroism by which this Buperb dominion was won, and has been held in defiance of all adverse fortunes; until the last spark of romauce has faded from materialised breasts, given over to the gospel of greed and selfishness, we must be moved by the marvellous panorama which history has unrolled across the Himalayan snow9, and along the valleys of their mighty rivers. Beethoven's march in tho Ruins of Athens suggests in sound just such barbaric splendor, fiery impetuosity, martini pomp and rhythmic sweep of tribal movement, as are displayed in its romantic tale of invasion, conquest and revolt, the stirring nr.d recurring cadence echoing in the car long after throb of drum aod clang of cymbal, incoming and. outgoing like a tide, have grandly and gradually died away. It is truly a laud of wonders and wild extremes, such „ as, are. 'depicted in the Arabian Hights—; a country of con trasts and . contradictions, of splendor and poverty, profusion and barren ness, vicissitude and adventnre, voluptous- ness . and mortification of the flesh. The fires of a tropic snn kindle as well as wither, and the cup of life, recklessly filled to the brim of sensuous delectation, has been drained to Its dregs of bitterness nowhere ' more deeply than in Hindu Bhadcs. Nowhere bos the ascetic by protracted absti nences, ghastly penancos and frenzied self mutilations sought more ruthlessly to wring light and leading from his own suffering. Nowhere docs the abundance of life in earth, air and water moro ' amaze the sense nnd oppress the judgment ; nowhere stagger millions of human beings, under heavier burdens, somo of the heaviest self imposed. Nowhere is life more evidently the offspring and prophecy of death, for the land is marked with ruins as tho Bky with stars, and ihe very villages are built upon the sites of scores of others, melted to dust under tho feet — fallen one after another like beads upon the rosary of time. By the hoary and weary age of India now stands the; eager yonth of these southern lands, beholding, as if in a magio mirror, its rapidly passing throng of peoples, kingdoms, dynasties and oreede, that have succeeded, and are still succeeding each other, in an apparently endless chain. There is matter .for meditation here. To-day Australia is full of hope,, as Asia of despair. Racially, socially,- politically and industrially, far aeunder as the poles, their geographical situation, bringing them face to face, may yet bring them hand to hand, and mind to mind. They have much to teach each other. 