OURSELVES.-The Examiner and Times will bo published oil Friday morning next (Christ mas Day) instead of Saturday, aud again on Friday, January X (New Year's Day). These temporary changes are made, in order that our employees may partake of the Christmas and New Year holidays. Our Christmas supple ment, which contains 28 columns of interesting roadablo matter, will bo published on Friday, as also will our Card Almanac] for 1892. Our sheet almanac will appear on January X. Our patrons will please note these alterations. BANK QOLTIUY.-The local banks will be closed on Friday and Saturday next, for the Christmas Holidays. EXTENDING BUSINEBS,-Mr. J. E, Cumow, solicitor, ot Falmerin street, has opened a branch office in AUora, where lie can hereafter be consulted on Wednesdays and Saturdays. HELD OvF.n.-Owing to an unusual, but never theless welcome, rush on our space by late ad vertisements yesterday, we arc compelled to hold over our leading article, and several other items of general news. THE ENOUGH CRICKETERS.-Lord Sheffield's English loam ot criokcters beat twenty-two ot Goulbura by an innings and IS runs last Saturday. The Charters Towers people are endeavouring to induce the team to visit that plaoe. A GOOD HARVEST BESOM.-Mr, C. Birth, ot Falmorin.street, has a splendid farm at Clifton, whicli, we are pleased to relate, yielded him 450 bags of wheat. The lot was purchased by the Farmers' Milling Company, and the price, we understand, was 4s 9d per bushel. THE QBAND drawing of prizes on the art anion prinoiple in copnection with St. George's Lodge will take place in tbe Masonio Temple on a date to be hereafter fixed. There are a very large number of valuable prizes offered. Tic kets are now available at Is each from any member of the committee.-[ADVT.] SWAN CHEEK.-Divine service will be held in St. Andrew's Church, Swan Creek, on the afternoon of Christmas Day. Special hymns suitable to this festival will bo sung by tho local choir. By kind permission of the church wardens the offertory will be handed over to the funds of the Warwick Hospital, Service will commence at 8 p.m. "BABKEH, AHCHUMLD & Company's superior flour." The greatest amount of mechanical skill and experience has been exercised to attain the present perfection in milling. When we contrast the nature of the old water mills of our boyhood and their pleasant, rustic, fiositione, we are inclined to think that the ight of other days is faded.* THE CHAMPION OABBHAN.-Stansbury, who holds tho present soulling championship, is about to leave for Ameriea next Monday, some veiy tempting offers having been made him, and which are likely to prove lucrative. He has successfully evaded the challenge continu ally made by Sullivan, the New Zealander, I probably beoause ho is aware of the latter being a " hot un." IT u certain that white flour is deliberately i preferred by the community; it is indispensible | to'tbe baker and pastry cook, although the wholemeal or flour in whiob the riehly nitrogen ous outer portions ot tbe wheat are retained, is adapted for the making of brown bread now eo much recommended by the medical faculty. Barnes, Archibald & Company's Dominion Steel Boiler Mills can supply both.* MR. M. J. ABHWOBTH, of 8. Brisbane, saysI have great pleasure in writing, to inform you what has been the result ot using St. Andrew's Liniment. Some years ago I got a severe wetting, which brought on a bad cold and rheumatio pains. These have inoreased as I have grown -older, until at timeB they have been almost unbearable. We have spent bounds on doctors and medicines, but with no benefioial result. About three weeks ago, I had a worse attack than over; ray sufferings were very severe. I was confined to my bed, could not uleep or rest, and was almost afraid to move. Mr. Ashworth brought a bottle of St. Andrew's Liniment, which he Baid would do me good. He applied it according to directions, and 1 soon got relief, and slept well that night, l have continued to improve over since, and seldom, or ever feel any pain. I have only used one bottle and commenced a second. I strongly leoommendit to anyone suffering from rheumatic pains. If they will follow the in structions carefully, they are oertain to get relief. For farther particulars apply to Bev. Jas. .Stewart, New Farm, Brisbane, or John B. P. Adams, 142 Queen street, Brisbane. [ADVT.] THE CALEDONIAN SPORTS.-The amusement provided in Warwiok for Boxing Day is the annual carnival of the Warwick Caledonian Society, whose Bports will be held in the Queen's Park. Tbeso promise in every way to be a booming sucoess, and the energy being displayed by the officers and commiteo deserve this reward. The principal footraces have filled op well, and tho handicaps for same appear in another column. The privileges in connection with the sports were sold by MesstB. MoDougall, Robinson and Savile, on Saturday last, and realised the following very satisfactory prioes:-No. 1 booth, £22, C. Boss ; No. 2 booth, £4, U. Sweeney; No. 1 fruit stall, £6 10B, Mrs. Newoomb; No. 2 fruit stall, £6 15s, T. Gorman; total, £89 fis. Tho gate was not offered for salo. The programme as already published inoludes two military events-a march paBt and physical drill and bayonet exercise. The conditions for the march past are-com panies to consist ot not less than one offloer, 2 non-commissioned officers, and IB rank and file, to maroh past in single rank, mounted corps to maroh past as infantry; and for tho Jihysioal drill and bayonet exercise-squads of 12 men, under non-commissioned officcr of com pany. Owing to tho number of Defence Force men who aro expeoted, the committee havo decided to add a third military event, viz., Volloy Firing. This will be for squads of 12 men, under non-commissioned officer of com pany; number of volleys, position, &c.;, to be decided by the judges on tbe ground. Speoia! trains will bo run to suit tho sportB, one arriving here from Toowoomba at 10 o'olook, and another from Uillarney at 10'S a.m. Bar loan clothing at H. Benjamin and Go.'s. Garments made to spocial order sold at salo priooi. Don't make a mlstako in tho addroBS. CADVT.I Boots AND Shui:*, felt hats and Bilk haudker chiefs, cleared at ridiculous prices at II. Ben jamin and Co-[Auvr.] Ali Association wi[l hold their annual exhibition on Wednesday, February 3. The prize sche dule has been issued. SEPARATION.-Mr. Archer, M.L.A., will leave for England on tho 10th January as a delegate of tho Central Separation Leaguo, and Mr Fevgnson will follow as soon us possible. Tub Australian DOTTEK.-The Danish ship* persof batter to England arc rocognising that Australian competition in the trade is becoming dangerous. Franco also foels the effects. CHnrsTMAs MOTTO*.-On reference to our commercial columns, it will be seen that several fanners in this district realised good prices for sheep in tho Brisbane markets last week. DAJCIKO LICKSSES.-The application of l'ctor Tighc, Abliy McNamara, and W. Farriiiglon, all of Leybuin, liotelkecpers, were granted per. mission lo hold musio and dancing on their premises on the 24tb and 20th inBtant. Dn. GIUCE, THE CHICSETEII.-It is reported (says the Pall Mali Gazette) that before leaving for Australia Dr. Grace signed a conlraot with Lord Sheffield (or £301)0 as his share in the undertaking, and £1200 was paid down as an immediate instalment. The terms seem some what high, but it must be understood that the doctor is the only English cricketer who can be relied upon to draw large BUIDB in gate money. i Wj^vyK^Pfttjc^flouHT.-Andrew De Laney wna cliarged'at' tlie Police Court on Monday lajst with disorderly conduct. He admitted his guilt, and was discharged. Yesterday morn' in#, before the Police Megi8tra,to and C. E. McDougall,' J.P., James Steele and Edward Conway were each charged on the complaint of J. Maynard with behaving in a disorderly man ner-a breach of the Licensing Act. Each of the accused were fined 10s with 3a Cd coat of court, to be paid forthwith, in default levy and distress. EMU VALE.-Writes a correspondent-" An accident ot a, very serious nature, and one which might have proved fatal, occurred here on Saturday cveoing last, when a young man, a laborer, at the lime in the employ of Mr. Bronnan, of Emu Vale, while attempting to croos the railway bridge, fell from the top, a distance of 35 feet, sustaining a severe fracture the arm besides other internal injuries/ This is a warning to all who make a traffic bridge of such dangerous structures, also an occasion where the railway by-laws are not strictly complied with." A SOUND MORICIMJTJ,-'The following is taken from a rocont number of the Charters Towers MinerMr. W. B. Walker the other | day had the pleasure of balancing his rato-book for a period ot nine years, during which lime he has been clerk to the Mnnicipality. Daring that time not one sixpence of arrears of general, loan, or health rates has been written off. There is not one penny outstanding, but one ratepayer has overpaid £4. Probably no other | municipal authority in the world can make the samo boast, and that such it possible is due to the zoal of the town clerk and the solvency of Charters Towers. GLENQALLAN The Allora correspondent to the Courier says-" For several years past Mr. W. B. Blade, of Glengallan, has taken an in terest in the education of the children of the station hands, and by his efforts a provisional school was established in Maroh this year. On Friday afternoon the school " broke np " for the Obristmas vaoation, and the opportunity was taken to present Mr. and Mrs. Blade with an address expreseipg the hearty thanks of the scholars and their parents for their assistance. A Dumber of prizes contributed by various residents of the district were distributed to suc cessful students by Mrs. Slade, and those who had not figured in the sohool prize list were en couraged to persevere by the gift of small pre sents from the same lady. The ceremony, which was Rttendodiby quite a large number of parents and friends, wound up with cheers all round." Mr, Slade leaves on a trip to England early noxt year. ULENOALLAN Divaiosiii Bourn.-The regular monthly ot meeting of the above was held at the Board-room last Saturday, when a Urge amount ot general business was transacted. Among other things, the Inspector reported the very bad state o( m&nv; o( the roads in the division with Batharat burr and Scotch thistle. The inspector mentioned this ad several rate payer nad expressed their intention of not cutting any noxiouB weeds until compelled to do so. For the inioi mation ol the ratepayers we publish the second clause of the Bathurst Bnrr Act, which is being put into operation by several other boards in the colony" If any such owner, leasee, or occupier shall neglect or refuse to destroy all of the skid plants then growing iipon snoh land, or upon the half of any publio road adjacent thereto, and npt being a road within the boundaries of any munici pality Within fourteen days after such notice shall have been given, he shall, upon conviotion of such neglect or refusal, forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding twenty pounds, not lesB than five poundo." LARCENY from a Dwelling. - James Benhab, alias "Doctor," a product of the Flowery Land, appeared on Friday last at the Tenterfield Police Court (says the Star), on a charge of the larceny of a purse, also a gold chain with locket, the property of G. E. Adlard, from Mrs. Webber's boarding house, Tenterfield, on Oct. 28th. Senior-Sergeant Hicks deposed to mak ing the charge, and in a reply to a question by by Mr. Thomas who appeared for the prisoner, said he had charged another Chinaman with the larceny of the same and other articles, and he did not of his own knowledge know that ac- cused had been in Tenterfield. The evidence of Constable Kane was also taken and the purse identified by Mr. Adlard. Depositions taken before the Warwick bench of magistrates were read showing the stolen property to have been found in accused's possession at that town. Mr. Thomas objected to evidence being adduced as to the chain when the charge was that of steal ing a purse, and asked for a dismissal. This was refused by the Bench and Jimmy Ah Sue, (or Sewar), himself under committal for the offence on the warrant, was brought forward as a witness for countryman's defence, the police this time objecting. Mr. Ah Sue admit ted having been "Doctor's" guest for a fort night and said he had then in his possession a watch and chain which he did not show prison er. He also admitted leaving something there, but extinguished curiosity by enumerating them as a cheque-book and a blanket. Accused had been sick and not in Tenterfield at all, but was at home, laid up, when he got to Warwick. Said he had not given him anything, and in answer to a query as to whether they were friends, he smiled a bland smile that meant calling terms at the very least. It may be mentioned that like the Celestial who observed "Me K'listian, me can say Tinkle, tinkle, little Star," Mr. Ah Sue is sophisticated beyond the match or cock's head stage of swearing. He kisses the book with a fine fat smack, and it is averred that he also bets 8 to 2 at cribbage and wins every trip. Mr. Thomas after the evidence addressed Mr. Steele on the flimsiness of the charge against "Doctor," but the law as repre sented by the P.M. was inflexible, and his Worship committed "Doctor " (while however admitting there was not a strong case) to con front a jury of the Queen's lieges. As a Part hian shot "Doctor" declaimed "Me sick at Warkick seven moon; Jimmy Sue can tell you ; me steel 'em nothing. Jimmy Sue fetched any thing my plaoe I know nothing: Jimmy Sue go Tenterfee, I never go." The general opinion seems to be that "Doctor " is innocent what ever be the case so far as relates to Jimmy Ah Sue-a presumably masculine brunette with an "intense" expression. GLOVES, nmnoNB, Laoes, Hosiery, Corsets, and White Costumes at vory low prioes at H. Benjamin and Co.'s clearing sale.-[Advt.] Large INCOMER.-There are 95 people in England whose incomes arc over £50,000 a year. Rur YOUR Christmas supplies at H. Benjamin and Co.'e, where you can get everything at sale price.--[AD VT. | ST. Geohoe's LODGE.-An emergent meeting o( this lodge will be held in the Masonic Uall this (Wednesday) evening at 8 o'clock. GOLD EXPORTED.-It is stated that over £8,000,000 worth of gold has already been Bent out of Nev South Wales during this year. A RAGING TOQNADO. -A tornado swept through Narribri on Friday last, unroofing and demo lishing houses, uprooting trees, and leaving tracks about two chainB wide. PouNDKEErEn.-Mr. Charles B&kor;, who has been the local pouudkecpor for 6ome years past, tendered his resignation as 6uch to tho Police Magistrate* on Saturday last. Mr. Baker, we understand, is leaving the district. MADAME 13F.UN!iiiiur'TT EIUSINGS.-Mmo. Sarah Bernhardt forwarded a sutn of £ from Sydney to Paris to bo invested in the Municipal Loan. Out of this £500 is to bo deducted and put aside as tbo first contribution towards a home (or decayed actors and ac tresses. INFLUENZA lUaixo AT HOME.-Influenza is very provalont in Norfolk where thousands are alTectod. Ill America McKinley, the author of the famous tariff, is a suUercr. Many deaths aro also reported from .Scotland, It is eaid that 90,000 persons aro suffering in Odoaaa and district. THE ITALIAN XIADODUERS. -The Bundaberg Star learns that the interpreter who accom panied the immigrants f.-om Italy has been visiting them atone or two of the plantations. The labourers are highly pleased with their work and treatment, and the employers are pleased with their men. SPECIAL TRAIN AMUNGBUKNTS.-Special ar rangements arc announced on the railways for Boring Pay and for tlio Toowoomba races, to be held next Saturday and Monday. - The Too woomba up-train will arrive at Warwick on Saturday at 10 o'clock, and the Killarney train five minutes later. THE NEW SOUTH WALES LABOUR FAnrv.-I It is reported that the Labour members are about to reorganise their party by excluding single-tutors and prominent freetraders. The rest of tbo Labour party are of opinion that being tid of theso they can proceed with safely to ask from any Government a single measure of democratic reform as may seem desirable. NEW ZEALAND.- Every steamer from Aus tralia brings a large number of passengers to Now Zealand, the arrivals from the other side during the past four weeks having oxoeeded the departure by DO fewer than 1000. The general volume of trade is increasing, and set tlement is very brisk. Oa the wliole, the prospects are enoouraging, and the coming year is confidently expected to witness a very marked revival. MAIL TENDCUS.-The tender of Mr. Q. H. Pearoe has been aooeplod for the convey ance of mails during the ensuing year to and from Tabulgm, Peacock Greek, Bonalbo Station, Lower and Upper Tooloom and Kangaroo Greek, twioe a week, and to and from Tooloom, A.caoia Creek, Spring Creek School, and Killarney, via New Eoreelah, Old Koreelab, Lamb's selection, Itobertson's sawmills, and Spring Creek, twice a week, on horseback, for the sum "of £125; and contraotor Mr. K. M'Lean has been allowed an additional sum, at the rate of £41 per annum, to convey a seeondmaila woek between Tooloom and White Swamp, via Tooloom Station and Woodenbong, from the first January next. IN A BAD Posmojj-A Brisbane dxobange saya-Nonstable Baynor, whilst on duty on Boggo toad, saw a woman lying at#ong soige buBhes. He proceeded to the spot, when a horrible sight mot bU eyes. The woman was intoxicated, and her face and clothing were covered with myriads of black ants. The constable bad to UBB a et{ok to scrape the in socts from the woman, and he afterwards re moved her to the Soath Brisbane watchhouse, when sbe was found to be 8arah Taylor, an old offender, tt is said that had the woman remained much longer in her (earful situation, her sufferings, which even now are great, would have been ot a terrible nature. Sarah was yery tnuoh bitten about the face, whioh is even now swollen considerably. MAKINO RAILWAYS ON TOE LINO GBANT PRIN CIPLE It has transpired that the two leaders have arranged that a Boheme (or the making of railways on the land grant prinoiple shall be introduced when Parliament meetsnext session. The Boheme, wbiob is not yet published, will will be a favorable one (or the colony, and totally different from the Himber agreement. The line will commence at Normanton, from thence south-west to Chttrleville, where it will join the south-western line. Branch lines from Mavtown (Oooktown line), Hoghenden (Towntvifle line), Iiongreadh (Central line), will join the trunk line. Overtures have been made by syndicates, the basis of whieh have been agreed to, wbioh will bring £14,000,000 or £16,000,000 sterling into the colony. The Islamite to Mecca looks With longing wistfnl eye, Whilst the effioacious Ganges The Buddhist longs to try. The Warwick bays and girls look Where they've always looked before For very oheap and pleasing things To J. De Oonlay's Storo. WAIIWIOK HIOH SCHOOL,-We would direct attention of our readers to the announcement elsewhere, concerning the Warwick High School, arrangements for the carrying on of which have been made by Mr. T. J. Lee, of lnverell High Sohool, in tboBe beautiful premises at present ooenpied by Mr. Jaoob Smith, in Wood-Btreet. We may here mention that Mr. Lee studied for three years at the famous college of Bockwell, Ireland. Tberealter, he passed six years at the Batburat College, where he studied olassios, natural philosophy, and the higher branohcs of logio and metaphysics. Mr. Lee, during a part of his collegiate course at Bathurst, was a {el low student of the Bev. father Potter, of War wick. Mr. Lee has been teaching (or the past six years-part ot the time in Sydney, part in Armidalo, and for the past two years he has been eonduoting the lnverell High School. We have also beea asked to further mention that the sohool will not be conducted on seotarian principles. Mr. Lee's assistant, Mr. Byan, is a trained teacher, and a graduate ot Dublin Uni versity. LAMENTABLE FATALITV.-The D. D. Oatettc reports-On Wednesday morning last an occur rence took plaoe at Vandilla which has oast a gloom over the looality. While at breakfast it was noticed that the youngest son of Mr. Frank Gore, aged 4 years, was missing. The nurse girl, Mary Thompson, departed to search for the boy and was followed shortly afterwards by Mrs. Gore, leaving Mr. Goro in the break fast room. A (ew minutes later Mr. Gore heard I a Boream from the direction of the bathing plaoe in the oreeb, closo to the house. Upon rushing to the spot be saw the little boy in docp water about 00 yards from the bank. Mr. Gore plunged in, and after great exertion Buoceedod in bringing bis son to land not muoh the worse (or his dangerous experience. It was not till then Mr. Gore learnt from his wife that the nursegirl had disappeared. It was then afaout half past B and all hands were at once started dragging the oroek, but it was not till 5 in the afternoon that the body of the unfortunate girl was recoverod. The manner of her getting into the water is not known, but it iB surmised that while running along the bank she Blipped in. It is just possible, however, sbe may have jumped in with the idea ot saving hor charge. Deceased had been a considerable time in the family and was highly esteemed, and her un timely (ate has caused a most painful impres sion.-I The dcocased was a daughter of Mr. John Thompson, oorpenter, of Guy-st.-ED.] ItEoiaTiuTiON ConitT.-The quarterly regis- ! tration court {or the electoral districts of War- j wick, Cambooya, and Cunningham will bo held at tho Court house on January 5th. 1 MEDICU..-Dr. O'Dohcrty announces else tliat on and after January 1, 1892, he may be consulted professionally at his residence, " Kil leen," Graf ton- street, opposite the Church of England. THE CIUIUMIN'U ALLOWANCE.-At the moot ing o( the Glengallan Divisional Board on Saturday last, Mr. Mogridge, the Chairman, was voted £30 lor his Bervicos during tbe year now closing. WBBLEVAN Cnmtun.-The llev. Win, Jeffries will conduct service on Christmas morning, to commence at 11 o'clock. The church will be decorated with greenery and tlowers and some of the old Christmas hymns will bo sung. It is hopod in this way to make tho service attractive and recall the blessed and beautiful associations of the day. Omcuui NOTIFICATIONS.-Darling Downs Mounted Infante; : In future the companies will be known as No. 1 Company and No. 3 Company, with head-quartern at Warwick and Toowoowba rerpoclively. Acting-Captain H. (i. Cbauvel, Darling Downs Mounted Infantry, has passed for caplaiu ; and Acting-Captain I'. Mai Kcogb, 4th liegimont, lias passed for captain on re-examination. TO-DW'B AUCTION BALES.-Tlic auction sales to take place in town to-day are as follow : II. C. Eansome-At noon, at bis auction rooms, Bale of the privileges in connection with tho Warwick raoes. 0. B. Daveney-At 2 o'clock, at the auction mart, sale of nine sides of bacon and sundries. McDougall, Robinson, and Kavile-At noon, at the auction rooms, sale of prime bacon and hums. This firm report having sold, on Saturday last, three beautiful bullocks from Glonelg at an average of £7 17s Cd per head. CBICKET.-A match was played in the Queen's Park on Saturday afternoon lost, between representatives of the 2nd Alberts and 2nd Caitons, and resulted in a win for the latter by 49 runs on the first innings. The Alberts made 5G (Campbell 23 and Wilson 16), and the Cantons 105 (F. Greiuer 89 and H. Jones 16). We understand that a team of cricketers from the Warwick Alberts will pro ceed to Brisbane and play a match with the New Farm men on Boxing Day- The Warwick men arc looking forward to a glorious time. A Comoro MIRBIAOE BUNDLE.-A euriouB mistake occurred at a wedding at tbe parish church-ot Brierly Hill, on the borders of the Black Country. The bridal party by some means had got mixed up, and the bride was actually married to the best man; to niBke matters worse the best man happened to be tbe bride's sister's young man. It was clear that the only way out of the bang]* was to marry the bride over again, and this was done, tbe register not having been signed. Tbe ceremony was gone through a second lime, and care was taken that tbe right man was wedded to the bride. The affair ended happily, al though it would hardly be possible to find a more curious incident than this in the history of marriages. HOSPITAL COLLECTIONS.-Some few weeks we announced that it was tbe intention of Mr. Bourne, the energetic secretary (o the War wick Hospital, to endeavor to make collections at the principal points of vantage in town on Christmas Bye in«ii of our most deserving institution-the Hospital. Yesterday, Mr. Bourne called on us and stated that he had made all neoessaty arrangements for the taking ! up of the collection. He wished us to announce that ladies would be stationed at the Boyal Hotel comer, Barnes, Archibald's oorner, and near.Sp Qpnlay's, who would be most pleased to accept sums from Id up to - well, Mr. Bourne plooed no limit to the amount. We trust that the idea will receive encouragement, as it will most oerlainly be a Bouroe of great satisfstion to the ladies to get a good collec tion. All stray amounts will be thankfully re ceived. Boss or WiBWiCK LODOE, M.D.-The regular hall-yearly summoned meeting of the members of the above lodge was held in the Oddfellows' Hall on Monday evening last. Bro. H. Sterne, N.G., presided, there being alab a very fair at tendance present. The minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed, after whibh the correspondence presented was dealt with. 'The prinoipal business of the meeting was the election of officers for the ensuing six months. A poll was taken for the offlco of Noble Grand, the result being only a majority of two for the choBen candidate. The Vice Grand was elected unopposed. The fallowing were ultimately in stalled into office, Past G.M. Sterne perform ing the duties of Installing OffioerN.G. H. Sterne, Post N.G.; P.G. Charles Saunders, N.G.; and Bro. George Chandler, V.G. P.P.G.M. FUtcroft, P.G. Meyer, and P.V.G. Shipley noted as oonduotors to the officers elect. The inferior offioers were also chosen, After this portion of the evening's proceedings had been decided, sick pay to lour brothers in dis tress was voted, and several other matters re ceived attention. Auditors were appointed, and it was decided that next lodge night be a summoned meeting for the receipt of the annual balanoe-sheet and report. A hearty vote of thanks to the retiring officers brought the lodge to a close in the usual way. The receipts of the eveningamounted to £41. 