LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. Thursday, December 17. The Peesident (Sir H. Ayers) took the Chair at 2 o'clock. RAILWAY WHEAT BATES. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (lion* vv, Copley), to the lion. J.V. O'Loghmn, said the Cabinet bad not yet considered any recommen dations from the Railway Commissioners relative to a redaction in tbe rate for carriage of wheat. Be could not promise that the Government would be able to give further information before the llouse rase. ESTATES DUTIES BILL. Message from the Assembly disagreeing with the suggestions made by the Council. Consideration CHINESE IMMIGRATION BILL. Assembly notified receiving Governor's message suggesting amendment, to which they had agreed. Consideration December 18. BONUSES FOR TROPICAL PRODUCTS. The COMMISSIONER of CBO WN LANDS (Hon. W. Copley) moved for an address under the pro visions of the Bonus Act, No, 30 of 187-2, to cause to be offered bonuses, not exceeding £8.000, for the growth and preparation in the Northern Territory, of sugar, rice, coffee, arrowroot, tapioca, tobacco, and vegetable oil. It would be recognised that the Northern Territory had made very little progress of late. It bad rattier retrograded, and the Govern ment wished to do something to encourage tbe cultivation of the soil there. Bonuses had been lecommended by tbe Government Resident, resi dents in the Terriwp'. and by Mr. Holtze, who lately was in the Territory and knew something of the nature of the things that would grow there. There were large areas of land, but very few people, and bonuses might do something to increase and maintain the Territory's population. They proposed that for the first 600 tons of sugar in parcels of not less tban '20 tons to give £2 per ton; for the first S00 tons of marketable rice in parcels of not less than 50 tons, £2 per ton;, for tbe first 50 tons of coffee-berries in parcels of not less than l ton, £5 per ton; for the tiist 50 tons of tobacco leaf of fair marketable quality in parcels of not less than 1 ton, £5 per ton; for the first 1,000 gallons of vegetable oil in parcels of not less than 250 gallons, 2s, per gallon; and for the first 5tonBof arrowroot or tapioca in parcels of not less than 5 cwt., £1 per cwt. The whole of those products could be profitably cultivated in tbe Territory, and it was only a question of suitable labour being employed to produce them. The motion had been - carried in the Assembly. (Hon. R. C. Baker— "Does tlie motion mean £3,000 for each!") No, it meant for the lot The lion. B. C. BARER said that the Treasurer . on August 12 said he certainly objected to the grant ing ol bonuses, adding;—" Giving bonuses iB not the best way to facilitate the establishment of indus tries. 1 think we have colonists who have enter prise enough to do something for themselves if they are shown what to do, and that would be much more satisfactory." If that was tbe policy of the - Ministry, why bad tney offered a different policy now? (Commissioner of Crown Lands—"Thab applies to South Australia proper?") Surely a prin ciple that was bad for South Australia was equally so for the Territory. He bad beard that tbe Pre- - mier of Victoria (Mr. Munro), tbe late Premier (Mr.. Gillies), Mr. Deakin (tbe late Chief Secretary), and Colonel Smith (a violent Protectionist) baa de nounced tbe system of bonuses. Tbey said when. the bonuses were first offered they thought they would be a good thing, bnt they had been miser able failures. People simply started businesses to get bonuses, and, having obtained them, stopped. They bad an instance in the Lobethal tweed factory. There was not one single instance in the history of South Australia where bonuses bad been given and the particular business bad turned oat satisfactory, but if it was only £3,000 to be divided amongst the lot of industries mentioned by Mr. Copley then it would come to nothing. The Hon. F. KRICnAUFF said he had nob always been against granting bonuses, al though now lie was. lie cited - the bonus granted for silk, wbicli was obtained by a friend of his. Dr. Cleland was almost the only one who carried on the industry to any extent. As regarded the tweed factory mentioned by Mr. Baker that had nob amounted to very much. Bonns-assisted affairs - never came to anything. For tbe Northern Territory it might be necessary to try to get Euro peans there for the cultivation of the mdnstries • mentioned, but still £3,000 would be a small amount, and would not do much good. He hardly knew how to vote. Had tbe motion been for £3,000 to each of the industries lie would have opposed it. (Hon. E. Ward—"Hear, hear.") It was not wise to offer such a sum as proposed. Tbe Hon. .1. J. DUNCAN said he had heard there was to be a Commission appointed to enquire into tbe prospects of the Northern Territory. He would . ask'tbe Commissioner was that so. (Hon. W. I Copley—"It Is probable that the Assembly'will affirm the appointment of a Commission." Hon. K. C.Baker—'"Nearly all the members of theAssembly .oa tn. aMu«'n»Ail tA pnmmteointia *»V Ua (IM. I are to be appointed to Commissions.") He pre sumed the Commission would visit the Northern Territory to see whether the bonuses would do good or not. It was not wise to advocate the spending of £3,000 till after the Commission had enquired into the subject. For that reason he would vote against the motion. The Hon. J. H. GORDON said the motion was a singularly apt specimen of Government incon sistency and bungling. Only In August lost they bad the Premier solemnly announcing that the Government would oppose the bonus system, and now showing anxiety -in favour of it. Could the Commissioner give any.explanation for that chance of front? The Government must be pretty nearly to the end of their tether. It was positively dis gusting that they should have such an exhibition. The proposal did seem ridiculous when it was pro posed to appoint a Commission to enquire into the prospects of the Northern Territory and the development of its resources. -Had the Government been favourable to the proposition all along he might have been found voting for the motion. (Commissioner of Crown hands—"If yon were a minister yon would.") He should do a good many things the Commissioner did not do. What ■weak memoer of the following had to be placated by that aop ? They might carry that motion and the Commission might recommend that no bonuses be offered, a result which would not only make Parliament look ridiculous, but put private people to a lot of needless expense. (Hear, hear.) The Hon. A. M. SIMPSON thought they should do something to make the Territory self-supporting, but he looked on the motion as a useless attempt. A bonus haB been offered for silk, and sufficient of the article was produced to Becure the bonus. Then there was a sugar and an iron bonus, and the woollen factory at Lobetlial had a bonus. The system bad beenja failure, and it would be a mis take to continue It. The Hon. D. M. CHARLESTON looked on those industries encouraged by bonus like so many hot house plants. They were all very well so long as they were kept under the glass. The motion would not be of any good, and £3,000 would be thrown away. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon. W. C. Copley) said it was very evident that members did not rem the newspapers, or they would see that the bonus system was not always a failure. That was seen as to the Australian butter trade, which was likely to cut the Danish article out of the London market. (Horn B. C. Baker—" There is no bonus here.") Very little butter was shipped from Adelaide. The bonus on frozen meat liad been the salvation oi New Zealand. Members were wilfully shutting their eyes to the facts. Motion negatived on the following division Ayes, 4—Hons. Campbell, Krichauff, Ward, and Copley (teller). Noes, 10—Hone. Charleston, Cotton, Duncan, Gordon, Guthrie, Haslarn, Kirkpatrick, Simpson, Warren, and Baker (teller). Majority of 6 for the Noes. LICENSED VICTUALLERS BILL. Received from the Assembly agreeing to amend ments Nob. 1 to 0 and 12 and 13; agreeing to No. 10 j with amendment; and disagreeing with Nos. 7, b, 9, and 11. Consideration December IS. EXCHANGE OF LAND. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon. W. Copley)moved—" That the following Order be read ana discharged and be made an Order of »l.o Wo., In. Tkoz-nroWm- 1 £ * That thin (Iminr-it the Day for December IB—'That this Council approves of the proposed exchange of Sections Nos. { 474,430, and 481 for Sections Nos. 404 and 400, all in j ahellunrirei of Moorooroo, in terms of Section No. A3 el the Crown Lands Act, 1890, referred to in Par liamentary Paper No. 157 of 1891.'" The Hon. J. II, GORDON said the motion had been before the House for months past. He , objected to its being kept there to be j sprung on the Council as a surprise. Tiie Couimis Bionerof Crown Lands, in dealing with the exchange of land so far as the administration of the Act was i concerned, in cases which had conic before the Council bad not been particularly successful. He bad every respect for him personally, but lie had no confidence in his administration of the Crown Lands Department. Time after time the Commis sioner of Crown Lands had had to hark back. He moved, as an amendment, t hat the Older of the Day be read and discharged. The Hon. W. COPLEY said that Mr. Gordon hud seen fit to make most I unwarrantable charges against him. He was getting so used to those personal and virulent attacks that lie was not going to take much notice of them in future. 1 Dir. Gordon made statements which were not true. , He had said his administration with regard to the j exchanges of land had been unsuccessful. In every ! solitary case his administration hod. been backed. ( up, evon in the case where he bad harked back as to not want to know anything about it. (Hon. J. H. Gordon—" Yes I did.") The reasonof its being post poned was to await the result of a similar motion in the Assembly. (Hon, 3. H. Gordon—" We ought not to wait on the other House.") It was no use carrying it there unless curried in the Assembly. (Hon. D. M. Charleston—" It is lost in the other House.") Then he would discharge it to morrow. (Hon. J. H. Gordon—" Then I prc-is mv amendment.") Amendment negatived on the voices. The Hon. J.H. GORDON called for a division. On proceeding to tell the votes Mr. Gordon was nromp- j ported and the President said there could lie no division. Motion carried. J PAPERS. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS f lion. W. Copley) laid the following papers on the table:—By Command—Census 1891, Part II., Ages of the People pursuant to Statute; Statement of Seasons for Resumption of Land in the Hundred of Tickera; Regulations under the Mining oil Private Property Act, 1888. ADJOURNMENT. The Council at 10.55 p.m. adjourned till December 13, 2 p.m. 