[ INTERCOLONIAL. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENTS.) NEW SOUTH WALES. SYDNEY, May 29. La Frances, the largest sailing ship afloat, arrived to day at Newcastle from Valparaiso. Owing to the absence from town of the Premier, who left by special train for Cooma as soon as the House rose last night, matters political are at a standstill, and are likely to remain so till the return of Sir Henry Parkes on Monday. He is to speak both to-night and to-morrow night at Cooma, but it is not supposed that he will make any definite statement until he has consulted with his colleagues. Later. Speaking at a public meeting at Cooma to-night Sir Henry Parkes justified the action of the Government in deferring the consideration of the Federation Bill till after the Local Government and Electoral Reform Bills had been dealt with, on the grounds that owing to the ill-feeling created by Mr. Reid's amendment it would be impossible to get the bill discussed in a rational manner by the House till the members had cooled down; that the bills which had been given precedence were of vast importance to the colony and because Parliament need not have been convened till August, so that it could not be said that there was any actual delay. VICTORIA. MELBOURNE, May 29. The Marine Board to-day decided that Captain Moor, of the Craigburn, should be charged before the court of marine inquiry with having by his default occasioned the loss of the vessel, and having been incapacitated by drunkenness from the proper performance of his duty. SOUTH AUSTRALIA. ADELAIDE, May 29. The Marine Board inquiry into the stranding of the Glamis, at Kingston, on 12th May, has been closed, and it was decided that the strand- ing was due to negligence on the part of the chief officer in not fixing or recording the position of the vessel when finally anchoring. The board were of opinion that the master was blameable in having an inexperienced and un instructed apprentice on watch all night. It was stated that there was no light on the binnacle. No material damage having been sustained by the vessel, it is not proposed to take further action. The result of the ballot taken by the Port Augusta branch of the Amalgamated Shearers' Union on the question of the members staying at home until they are engaged through the union office is regarded as satisfactory, there being fully 95 per cent in favour of the motion. The union agents anticipate that the sheep owners will have some difficulty in getting shearers to shear in consequence of the unsettled state of shearing matters. The committee of the branch expressed the deepest sympathy with the Queensland unionists. Three hundred and fifty cattle have been successfully inoculated against pleuro-pneumonia from virus obtained from Brisbane. The Government have cabled to the acting Agent-General instructing him to support the request of Victoria to the Admiralty that the Australian squadron should come to the colonies by way of Albany. The Governor has also cabled to the Secretary of States for the Colonies to the same effect. There is now in Adelaide a representative of a Denmark journal in the person of M. Emil Opquea. His passport, shows that he has travelled all over the world. The chief object of his visit is to inquire as to whether there is an opening for Danish immigration. The Government of South Australia will take the preliminary step of asking Parliament to consider the Commonwealth Bill with a view to suggesting any amendment that may appear to them wise to adopt. Afterwards Parliament will be asked whether or not in their opinion another Federal Convention should be called for the purpose of going over the bill again. It is probable that the Government will propose that the bill be referred directly to the electors of the province for them to vote " aye " or " no " upon it. The idea of the election of a convention, as proposed in Queensland, to decide on the merits of the bill is not regarded with much favour. In view of the political crisis in New South Wales, and the likelihood that the discussion on the bill both in that colony and in Victoria will be considerably protracted, the Ministry do not intend to press the bill very quickly. It is recognised that members will require some time to become thoroughly acquainted with the published proceedings of the Federal Conven- tion. TASMANIA. \- . " HOBART, May 29. At the annual meeting of the Hobart Chamber of Commerce the chairman (Mr. Burgess, leader of the Opposition) dealt at length with the Commonwealth Bill. He stated the opinion that before committing Tasmania, to the bill they should calmly wait the results for the neighbouring colonies. The Hon. N. J. Brown in a long speech advocated federation, expressing confidence that the result would prove beneficial to Tasmania. Mr. Fysh, the Premier, has written to Sir S. W. Griffith urging him to again bring before the Queensland Parliament the matter of payment by that colony of portion of the naval defence vote. The news of the failure of the Queensland loan has been received in Tasmania with regret, the general opinion being that the Parliament of this colony will not sanction in the approaching session any railway construction which would necessitate further borrowing. 