NEWS BY MAIL. (From Papers to 30th November.) COUNT KALNOKY ON THE EUROPEAN SITUATION. The Daily News Vienna correspondent telegraphs on 15th "November Count Kalnoky made an important speech yesterday before the Hungarian Delegations, in which he made several interesting statements concerning foreign affairs. The tone of his words was very different from that of the Emperor's speech. Still it should be said that the Minister of Foreign Affairs touched upon concrete questions only. He declared most positively that he did not know of a single political question which could inspire the direct fear that the period of peace we have enjoyed so long could at present suffer on interruption. The Emperor's fears had nothing to do with the present moment. He did not speak of direct causes for apprehension) but then he did not take in the moment only, but the whole situation and the future, and it inspired him with so much sadness that he breathed a prayer that it might be vouchsafed to him to announce to his people that the fear of war was extinct. The Minister admitted that the continued preparations for war were in themselves grounds for fear. Referring to the visit of the German Emperor to England, Count Kalnoky said that the brilliant reception he met there was a proof that the English people understood and sympathised with the peaceful aims of the Triple Alliance. The visit of the French squadron to Cronstadt, he said, was prompted by the mutual interest of the two Powers, but was not likely to be the cause of important changes. The reception accorded to M. de Giers by King Humbert at Monza was not regarded with distrust by Austria. M. de Giers would have been able to convince himself of the pacific character of Italy's intentions and of the peaceful aims of the Alliance. The Minister tells us that In Roumania there has been a change all in favour of the Allied Powers; that Bulgaria is progressing admirably, and will do so even without the recognition it wishes so ardently, and to which Austria cannot engage herself as long as the other Towers who have a voice in the matter will not hear of it. Questioned with regard to the Dardanelles, Count Kalnoky said that since the other Powers which are more deeply interested have declared themselves satisfied, Austria and with dignity do the same. At the conclusion a remark was made which somewhat weakened the reassuring effect of the Minister's words. Count Karolyi asked whether the Government had any knowledge -of Russian troops having been withdrawn from west to east that is, from the Austrian frontiers. Count Kalnoky answered " No ; I have never heard that any Russian troops have been sent back eastwards. On the contrary, a Russian official paper, the Invalides, years ago declared quite openly that the Russian army was sent west on the plea that Russia is at a disadvantage against neighbouring Powers which could mobilise their armies at so short a notice." It, is indeed a fact that the march of Russian troops towards the west has not for a moment been stopped. A RUSSIAN ROGUE AND THE BULGARIAN THRONE. Tun STORY OF A' STRANGE CAREER. There is at this moment lying in- a Moscow prison, awaiting his trial upon an almost incredible number of charges, various in degree and kind, a man whose remarkable career (says the Standard's correspondent) more than entitles him to be called the Russian Cag Theatre. His name is Savin. As a young man he was a cornet in a regi- ment of Guards at St. Petersburg, where he contrived, within a few years, to run through a fortune of nearly a million pounds sterling left him by his father. Having been dismissed the service for dishonourable conduct in a money matter, he contrived to reinstate himself for a time during the confusion of the Turkish War, but soon afterwards betook himself to the arts of the chevalier d'industrie. His coups were generally enormous, and were often perpetrated upon persons of the highest distinction. When Russia became too thickly sown to hold now schemes he opened fresh ground in Berlin, London, and Paris. It was from the last-named capital that he went, as agent for a financial firm, to Bulgaria, passing as a Prince of the House of Bourbon, under the name of the Comte de Toulouse Lorrequer. This was in the year 1887, a memorable one in the history of that State. At Rustchuk, M. Slavin declares that he was the recipient of a most flattering proposal from the Regent (M. Stambuloff), who offered him in set terms the throne of Bulgaria, then vacant by the abdication of Prince Alexander of Battenberg. M. Bavin's own account of the interview between M. Stambuloff and himself in circumstantial and statesmanlike. The Regent explained to him that, as a Frenchman and a descendant of the royal house of Bourbon, he was eminently the man required by Bulgaria to combat the designs of Russia. After a day's careful consideration of his position, M. Savin thought he might risk it, and having replied affirmatively to the offer made him by the Regent in the name of the Council of State, was entertained by them at a farewell dinner on his deciding, with M. iStambuloff's. approval, to spend the interval before the general elections at Constantinople. The Regent undertook to guarantee the result of the election, and the matter was for the meanwhile to be kept profoundly secret. Armed with highly commendatory letters from M. Stambuloff, M. Savin departed for Constantinople, where he ingratiated himself with the French Embassy, and was presented to the Sultan. Shortly after this some disparaging notes in an English paper, hinting a bond- sinister in the pedigree and a vague suspicion of the antecedents of the Compte de Toulouse Lorrequer, caused the latter to challenge the editor to a duel, and led to an altercation in a coffee-house. The notoriety of this affair, compared with an unlucky identification of M. Savin by a Frenchman who had formerly been his barber in Moscow, was the cause of his sudden downfall. The Russian police attached to the Embassy demanded an investigation of his identity, and, refusing to acknowledge the protection of his French passport, examined his baggage, and discovered a Russian passport bearing the name of Savin. M. Savin was unable to obtain his release, as he had expected, by explaining the great advantages he had designed to bring to his native country by becoming Prince of Bulgaria in the safe disguise of a French nobleman of blood royal. who pretend to the throne of Bulgaria was, in consequence shipped off straight way, in the custody of a dragoman of the Embassy, to Russia. The trial is expected to last several months. THE UNITED STATES AND CANADA. A recently published cablegram stated that the United States Government intended, as a matter of precaution, to treble the military forces on the Canadian frontier within the next six months. The following extract from a late issue of the San Francisco Chronicle, a Republican journal, apparently throws some light on the reasons for such precaution : Although we are at peace with England, and there seems to be no danger of war, it is well to remember that our present amicable relations may not last for ever, and that prudence demands that we take ordinary precautions at forest against being taken at a disadvantage A despatch referring to the interchange of British soldiers and sailors between Vancouver and Halifax by the Canadian Pacific Railroad calls attention to the fact that by means of that route Great Britain could at any time lay down a large force of regular troops at almost any point on the international boundary. This possibility is apparent from a glance at the map. The route of the Canadian Pacific is practically parallel with the boundary line between the United States and Canada, and not very far distant from it. In case of war it would be a constant menace to our Western States, and might readily be made something more, It would certainly be well to offset this danger by providing for a navy on the Great Lakes, as the Chronicle suggested a few days ago. All that is necessary to the abrogation of the agreement of 1897 is SIX months' notice, and then we might begin the construction of a fleet which would be quite as dangerous to Canada in the event of war as the Canadian Pacific Rail- road could be to the United States. Boundary lines are all very well in time of peace, but they are never heard of in time of war unless they are protected by an adequate armed force. Indeed, we know by experience that our northern boundary line is not sufficient to keep Chinese out, even in time of peace, and we may be sure that it would not keep British soldiers out in time of war. Canada has shown considerable restiveness about the Behring Sea question, and it has been only because the British Government has not encouraged her that she has not been even more belligerent. We owe it to ourselves not to be careless of our own safety, and it would be good policy to oppose what is a menace to the United States with something which may serve at least as an admonition to Canada." < A NEW WAY OF PACIFYING CHINA. A Chinese Christian preacher at Canton suggests that all the ministers of the Western and European countries at Pekin should request the Emperor of China to send one of his most intimate, greatest, and most faithful officers in person to the Western countries to examine fully the Roman Catholic and Protestant Churches, as to their rites, teachings, and books. On his return he should report faithfully all his views to the Emperor. "Then," adds the preacher, "for the Emperor send forth his Imperial decree explaining the _ Roman Catholic and Protestant teachings and the meaning of the missionaries, and declaring it to all the people in the eighteen provinces. Let this Imperial decree be engraved on stones, and placed throughout all the provinces, one in every yamen, college, private school, public hall, in every village, market town, and city, and one in every great ancestral hall. If this be done we believe the rebels will have no power to use their cunning, for the foolish people will not give them a chance to deceive them. This plan is one that means least work and least expense, and is the most peaceful way to cause China and the West to be at peace for a long time to come. No other plan can be found better than this." DANISH INSURANCE AGAINST OLD AGE. Amid all the discussion which has arisen out of the German law of insurance against old age, it is strange (says the Pall Mall Gazette) that a most interesting experiment of the same kind now being made in Denmark has almost entirely escaped notice. Like the technical education grant in England, 'it all arose out of a liquor tax. Last year the Danish Government proposed to increase the revenue by putting a new tax upon lager beer. To this the Radical party replied that, if the poor man's drink was to be taxed, the poor men ought to reap the benefit, and for that purpose they proposed an old-age pension scheme, to be supplemented out of the proceeds of the tax. The Government were equal to the occasion and immediately dashed the Radicals by adopting their scheme and even improving upon it. Instead of a pension scheme founded upon contributions, they proposed and carried one without contributions for all " the deserving poor at the age of sixty, but with this ingenious proviso, that no one should be eligible who had been in receipt of relief during the ten preceding years or been found guilty of begging and vagrancy. The decision of all cases is left to the parish or communal councils, who will have to find whatever funds are necessary besides the beer money. It is of course hoped that the consequent saving in poor-law expenditure will go a long way, if not the whole way, to meet the cost, and it will be extremely interesting to observe whether this anticipation is realised. That must largely depend upon whether the distinction between the deserving poor, who received the pensions, and the " undeserving poor" who are relegated to the poor law in old ago, as before, is sufficiently real to act as an incentive during the previous ten years. AMERICA AND UNDESIRABLE IMMIGRANTS. The New York correspondent of the Manchester Courier, says A great sensation has been caused by the Herald, which print a whole page of " revelations" respecting emigration methods in vogue in Europe, alleged to have been communicated to that enterprising paper by no less a person than Mr. Sohulter, one of the United States Commissioners recently sent to Europe to investigate the general subject of emigration. Mr. Sohulter promised, in a cabled interview with a United Press correspondent!'some Weeks ago, that his report to the department at Washington would contain some things which would greatly surprise the people of America; but nobody supposed that he, would tell his tale to the first newspaper reporter who might happen to got hold of him on his return home But this is what has happened. According to Mr. Sohulter, there are organised systems at work in Europe for sending to this country all sorts of undesirable immigrants, including the halt and the blind, criminals, prostitutes, and idiots. He says immorality is often rampant in the steerage, and he gives names and particulars with a total disregard of the laws of school. AN ENGLISH LABOUR CANDIDATES PROGRAMME. Ben Tillett, in the course of a speech to the electors at West Bradford, thus laid down his political platform "Dr. Benjamin Richard- son had said that an eight hours' day, with an interval for a meal, was imperatively necessary for every workman, and yet in Bradford there was a possibility of working twelve and three quarter hours at a stretch. The system of inspection of factories in this country was a farce There ought to be female inspectorS. The Boxes ought to be separated in factories. He wanted a political programme that should include those objects. The factory operatives ought to have a voice in the appointment of the factory in Bpoators. His political programme included municipalising every industry compatible with utility; payment of proper rates of wages ; the system of fair contracts with trade union houses ; a legislative enactment of an eight hours working day. He was opposed to all employment of children under 14 years of age, and to the employment of married women, not widows. He was in favour of nationalisa- tion of the land, the abolition of the House of Lords, and the purifying of the Church from the influence of Government or throne ; of the principle of arbitration and the disbanding of standing armies. (Cheers.) Mr. Tillett, replying to questions, said he was in favour of Home Rule and if the electors of the Western division were in love with Home Rule is a principle, and not of a party, then he would be elected. He was in favour of the closing of public-houses on Sundays, and also of local option in regard to licenses and as keepers of public-houses worked their servants fifteen and sixteen hours a day he wished working men would cease to patronise such places." THE AMERICAN FARMERS AND M'KINLEYISM. After yesterday's elections (says the Daily News correspondent, writing from New York on the 4th instant there can be no doubt about what the American people think of the M'Kinley tariff and the higher prices which it has made them pay for all the common necessaries of life They have had a year in which he got over their first indignation about it, and they have declined to got over it. The defenders of the tariff have been claiming that the overwhelming defeat which the Republicans sustained in last year's Congressional elections was due to the misrepresentations of their opponents concerning the effects of the new duties. They were confident that when the people had been given time to consider the matter they would discover that the Democrats had deceived them, and there would be a reaction. Those hopes have not been realised. The election returns show unmistakably that the farmers of the country have at last discovered that they are the worst sufferers from tariff burdens, since everything they buy is taxed, and nearly or quite everything they sell Is untaxed, and that, having once made the discovery, they are not going to return to their former condition of Ignorance.- The farmers have always been the chief bulwark of the Protective system, and their Affection fore shadows with unerring certainty its speedy downfall. The Republicans may be able, through their Control of the Senate, to delay for a few years the fatal day, but beyond that they will be powerless, ur t 