The Sydney Morning Herald. WEDNESDAY, MAY 27, 1891. Immediately upon tho Legislative Assembly re- suming yesterday afternoon, Mr.' Ninian Melville, M.L.A., was. unanimously oleoted Chairman of Committees of the whole Houso for tho present session. Theos was a large attendance of visitors at the Governor's loveo in honour of tho Queen's Birth- day which was held at Government Houso yes- terday. On Monday afternoon Dr. Scott, lato Mayor of Perth (W.A.), who recently resigned the oivio ohair owing to indisposition, was presented by the citizens with a farewell address and a purse of 33G sovereigns. Mr. E. Keane, M.L.A., has boen eleoted to the vacant Mayoral seat. At the usual mooting of the Exrwntive Council held yesterday, a petition was received from (¡ho Danish Consul, signed by a number of influential men, praying for the reprieve of Lars Peters Hanson, who was convicted of murdor at tho Dnbbo Circuit Court, and is now under sentence of death. ArnsB careful consideration, the Executive saw no reason to alter tho sentence. , The Hon. John Lackey, M.L.O., presided at the annual meeting- of the Berrima Distriot Agricul- tural, Horticultural, and Industrial Society, which was held at Moss Volo yesterday afternoon. Refebbing to a question by the Direotor of Agriculture as to whether tho socioty would make arrangements for tixo working of a travelling dairy in the district, the opinion was expressed that the Government did not employ an officer capable of instructing the farmers in anything pertaining to dairy work. The series of competitions in tho National Military Tournament in London has commenced, and the Victorian mounted riflemen are receiving great attention from tho authorities. Envoys despatched to England by Gungunhama, a prominent chief in the ? disputed area in South - Eastern Africa, havo" arrived, and formally ten- dered tboir chief's allegianco to Great Britain. At a meeting of tho Crookwell Protection Asso- ciation lold on Monday ovoning the seoretury an- nounced that he had received communications from six gentlemen who wcro anxious to contest the Argyle olootorato in conjunction with Mr. Hose. iTSsintendod to submit the names to a coiifor enco of delegates to be hold in Goulburn on June 8, when one candidate will bo solootcd. A BTiaxB among tho omnibus employees has occurred in Paris, and tho stroot trafila is, conse- quently, almost paralysed. Loud SnErprEU) has arranged to bring out to Australia a team of English oriokotors at tho end of the presont season which will inoludo Grace, Lohmann, Briggs, Peel, and Attowoll. Sra Geoboe Gbey, in responso to a petition pre- sented to him by Mr. Ninian Melville, M.L.A., on behalf of tho miners of Wallsend, has consontod to lecture thore on Friday ovoning u-jo'n S Plural Voting." FtrBTHEB evidence was taken yesterday at the coronial inquiry in progresa into tho ciroumstonces connected with the doath of Robert Bertram, tho engine- driver who waa killed by a railway colusión nour the Eveleigh tunnel, on the 21st instant. Five hundrod cases of Australian apples, shippod in the R.M.S. Oceana, hav» realised from 10s to 13s per coso in London. The "Walgett Pastoral and Agricultural Sooiety's fifth annual Bhow opens to- day. In tho stock sections the exhibits aro very satisfactory. .Tilma SiAtliOSY, ti champion sculler of the world,, waa, banqueted - at, Graf ton on Monday evening. Tub body of Mr. tEVBnmker's child, who waa drowned by tho capsizing of a boat on Lako Mac- quarie last wooli, was recovered by the Water Police yesterday. , A nuhher of Chinese have attacked and pillaged tho Christian Mission station at Nankin. Ex-Queen Natai-i, who was recently expelled from Servian territory, ' is" now at- Odessa, in Southorn Russia. Tua Rev. Innes Jones, for many years inotun. bent of All Saints' Church, Nelson (N.Z.), has died in England. A youno woman nomod Frances Clayton, alias Kennerloy, was yostorday, at Noweastlo, com- mitted to tako her trial at the Quarter Sessions on a charge of having abandoned a female infant at Hamilton on the 19th instant. , Commenting upon tho performance at Kensing- ton of Miss Elsio Stanley Hall, a young Australian pianist, the Tuna states that her exceptional exe- cution gives har a high placo in the ranks of professional pianists. The R.M.S. Monowai, from San Francisco, arrh ed early yostorday morning, and was berthed at the "tí. S. S. Company's wharf, foot of Margaret street. Included in her passonger list was Madamo Sara Bernhardt, the colobratod French actress ; Major Dane, tho woll-knowu looturor ; tho Hon. J. B. Patterson, lato of tho Victorian Government ; and Mr. A. "Wilson, Viotorian Engineer of Ports and Harbours. Madame Bernhardt was welcomed in the steamer's saloon by the reception oommittoe. The second reading of the bill dooling with the French fishery claims bas been passed by tho New- foundland Legislative Assembly. Ladt Hopetoun returned to Molboui-p.o yester- day from her visit to England. ' A board has been appointed by the Govornor in Council of Victoria to inquire into tho conduot of the Quccnsoliif lifeboat orow on tho occasion of the reoent wrecks. The Victorian Parliament has been further pro- rogued till Juno 23. According: to tho Standard an impression is gain- ing ground iy London that it will bo impossible to pass a measure of freo education during tho prosont session of Parliament. The murderer of Mr. Grimwood, British Resi- dent at Monipnr, and ono of tho victims of tho reoent massacre by tho rebel Manipuris, has been oxocntod. It is reported that a man named Gcorgo Hewitt, who has boen living in a destitute state near Bingara, has won Tattcrsall's £10,000 consultation on the Birthday Cup. The Czarewitch intends returning to Russia through Siberia, and in order to mark the ovont, olomonoy is to be shown to tho borter behaved con- victs by a reduotion of their sentences. The snrvoyors on tho silver fiold at Launceston domand an investigation into tho oharge that blackmail has been loviod upon persons desirous of having lensos quickly survoyed. A man named William Heffernan has boen arrested at Perth (W.A.) undor the Fugitivo Offenders Act, charged with having left Victoria within four months of sequestrating his estate, and taking with him about £000. Arrangements have been made for the removal of the main union camp from Barcaldine to tho Alice River. It is considered that this will minimise tho chance of a collision either between unionists and non-unionists, or unionists and the military. It is asserted by tho Strike Committeo that tho weekly contributions from tho South will onablo tko mon to hold out as long as supplie* are recoivod. Mr. J. B. Lackburne, the engineer for the Victorian Dofenco Works, who has boon appointed to construct the fort flcations at Albany, arrivod there by the R.M.S. Oruba. Ho will commence operations at once, and estimates that tho work will be completed in about six or eight months. The investigation by the Marino Court of In- quiry into the loss of tho ship Craigburn was con- cluded yesterday, and the Court will probably givo its decision on Thursday. Sir George Grey addrossod a crowded meeting in the Centennial Hall last evening upon the question of plural voting. The Customs revenue received yesterday amounted to £8310. The letter from the hon. secretary of the Local Option League published on Tues- day, like some of the remarks made to the Premior last week by a deputation, seems to" show that, notwithstanding all the past controversies on this vexed question, there aro nspocts of it which have not received sufficient attention. It was said at the interview referred to that "the friends of social reform throughout the coun- try wero sick at - heart with waiting " for legislation upon this subjeotj but legislation is likely tobe de- layed, by the want of moderation that distinguishes too frequently the demands for it. Here, for instance, is 'a bill framed by the Government, and going great lengths in the direc tipn of restricting the liquor trade. There are thousands of friends of social reform who desire to 6eo the trade fairly andreasonáblyregulated and restricted. But the chances of this very bill are dirninished by the action of others who -want to push its principles to extremes, and to eliminate from it provisions which are bare safeguards-so far as thoy go-for the protection of individual liberty sad against capricious and arbitrary action. "We claim to be Mends of social reform, and aro at one with our correspondent and othors in their wish to save the people from the evils of intemperance ; but in our view they damage the cause, instead of promoting it, by overlooking the danger of legislating, or attempting to legislate, far in advance of publio opinion and feeling, and by making light of the resort to coercion in a free community where the common customs and conditions of life are to bo interfered with. The bill introduced last session, and promised for this, goes to the great length of providing for local prohibition. Two checks, however, aro proposed to bo ap- plied to the operation of this provision : When a vote is to be taken, one-sixth of the doctors of the district must ask for it ; and the vote for prohibition must bo carried by a two-thirds majority. Now it is contended that one hundred electors should be suffi- cient to command a trial, and that a bare majority should be enabled to pass judg- ment. At the interview the other day it was said that " the deputation could not ! understand why there should be a de-1 sire to place publicans in a different position from members of Parliament in this respect. A member went into or was turned out of Parliament by a simple majority, and they could not understand why a publican should bo lifted into such a position as to require a two thirds majority before he could be turned out." Again, in the Hon. Secretary's letter it is said :-" Look atound you, and you find that all matters, political, civil, and ecclesiastical, are settled by simple majori- ties. Then why single out this proposed reform ? . . . "Why should it be neces- sary for the people to record a two-thirds majority for the extinction of licenses when all those licenses have been granted by the licensing benches on the voice of a bare majority of the adjudicating magistrates?" The difficulty felt in understanding the provisions of the bill here referred to would perhaps have been removed, and the some- what irrelevant questions hero propounded might have been left unasked, had pains been taken to study the situation a litüo more closely. There is no such analogy between the position of a publican and that of a member of Parliament as to make the argument used at the inter- view applicable. Publicans are not elected by the people. As to the assertion thatall matters are settlod by simple majorities, its value in this, discussion is to be tested 'by'tho inquiry, unde> what conditions aro they so settled ? The fact that a lioenso may be_ granted by a bare majority of a licensing -bench is beside the question. The bench, -with an appli- cation for a liconse before it, deals judically with that particular application under a law of Parliament which authorises tho granting of licenses. The Bench does not make tho law, but only administers it. The electors of a district, in passing a pro- hibitive vote, would stand in the placo of Parliament, qnd make a law that, whereas up to that moment the liquor trado had been lawful, and both sanctioned and regulated by a special statute, it should thenceforth be unlaw- ful and prohibited in that partioular distriot. We have in the one case the exercise of judicial functions, and in tho other the exorcise of legislative functions. Besides that, whilst the decisions of the magistrates affect primarily the applicants for licenses, and only partially or indirectly tho interests of the people, the law made by the electors in the new capaoity of legislators would affect the habits and con- ditions of lifo of large numbers of the people. These ¡üstinotions should not be lost sight of, for they lie at tho foundation of the whole matter. To the question, Why require a two-thirds majority for the pass- ing of a prohibition vote ? the answer is, That a chance gathering of electors is a doubtful authority to legislate direoty for the mass of the people upon a matter touohing their mode of life and daily conditions. If it be said that Parliament legislates by baro majorities, that assertion, though true, only discloses a frac- tion of the truth. No law could be passed through Parliament simply by the snap vote of a bare majority in a thin House. To pass a bill requiring dogs to bo muzzled three separate readings and committal would be necessary in each of two inde- pendent Ohambors. Guarantees are thus provided for the reduotion to a minimum of the risk of sottling any matter under misconception, or by accident; or by tho triumphant operation of party intrigue. These precautions being deemed neoessary whon laws aro made by chosen legislators under the influence of time-honoured traditions and well-considered rules, and aftor debate, this demand for unchecked powers of legislation on behalf of bare majorities at chance gatherings of electors seoms unreasonable, if not reckless. Tho safeguards provided in tho bill are rather inadequate than in excess. Our correspondent of Tuesday, the hon. seoretary of the Local Option League, quotes from Chief-Justice Hkhnbothaji tbo dictum that " the indisputable prin- ciple that the community has the right to determine for itself whether it is expodient that intoxicating liquor shall or shall not be sold." That, he says, is "all wo ask for." But what is meant here ? Surely this is not a happy quo- tation for a local optionist. If the right of determination^ belongs to "the community," either through direct voting or by the action of Parliament, which represents the community, how can we justify the demand that small knots of olectors should be allowed to settle the matter offhand, and in different ways, for the poople residing in divisions of the territory in the midst of which they happen to live ? - Lord Kintore has comfortably finished his long ride across the Australian conti- nent. To. say that he is the first Governor who has accomplished or even attempted that self-imposed task is not to say much. It is only a Govornor of South Australia who could do Ulis without quitting tho territorial limits ovor which his jurisdiction extends, and probably it could hardly have been undertaken at any earlier time than tho present without some amount of sacrifico of comfort which a Governor might be excused if he were unwilling to incur. The question has boon raised as to tho utility of the journey, but it is hardly necessary to discuss this. Lord Kintore is an active and enorgetio man, and probably tho belief that the journey would involve considerable toil and some hardship was not without weight in inducing him to undertake it. This is an ago eager to grapple with difficulty, and our columns have recently shown how, as the unknown is disappearing from the map of the world, travellers are seeking to oreató artificial diffieulKes by journeying over long distances on stilts, bicycles, and other eccentric modes of transit. Although there Í3 no reason to attribute any high utilitarian purpose to the journey upon which Lord Kintoee, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, set out, it is not improbably tho case that the results of tho trip will very well pay for the toil 'and fatigue which his Excellency so voluntarily incurred. When we have such frequent opportunities of observing the hazy idoas of all but tho best informed authorities in Groat Britain upon the general geography of Australia, it may well servo a usoful purpose whon it becomes known that the Governor of South Australia, was able in 45 days, without any npueial hal dallip or inconvenienoo, to travol about 2125 miles across what so many inap3 still in existence depict as tho vast blank desert of Control Australia. It is 30 years since the gallant H'Dodall Stuart in succes- sive expeditions made his way across tho great unknown expanse to the Indian Ocean, being, however, anticipated in reaching that goal by tho unfortunate ex- pedition conducted by Burke and Wills irom Victoria. The nature of a great deal of the country and its remoteness from market have combined to make its settlement a slow work. But it has been for many years spanned by the electric wire ; and the transcontinental rail- way, whioh is in process of construction from both ends, is slowly narrowing the distance whioh has to be crossed in the old- fashioned way. Now, Lurd Kintore and his party have ridden and driven through the continent, and though ho is at present reticent aboui his estimate of the capabilities of the country, still the fact of his journey will probably help to draw attention to what is alroady known about that part of the territory, and also to the works which the Government of South Australia is exeouting or contemplating to make it more accessible to occupation than it is at present. Our readers have latoly had the oppor- tunity of learning in our columns some par- ticulars of the strange missionary, mili- tary, and industrial enterprise promoted by Cardinal Lavigerie, tho energotio mis- sionary prelate of North Africa, for tho civilisation of the Sahara. The idea of this eminently practical priest is to put down the oruol slave trade of internal Africa, of which wo havo lately had such terrible illustrations, and to render portions of the Sahara as habitable as possible. For this purpose his order of "Armed Brothers of the Sahara " bind themselves to load for five years lives of monastic asceticism, putting down artesian wells by their own labour, forming irrigated oases round them, and planting these with date palms, as an example to the Arabs, whose slave-hunting maraudings axe at the samo timo to bo sternly ropressod by military force. Wo aro not able to enlist such spiritus.1 and self-donying- energies on. thfl work of setüinp; the interior of Austro.lia.5 On the other hand we do not require them.1 The ordinary procedure of business settle- ment answers all purposes. At the same time such work as that of the occupation and utilisation of such country as Lord Kintore has lately crossed does peremptorily demand tho qualities of patient and courageous toil, solf- sacrifice, labour which is content to wait for its reward, in the futuro- qualities whioh are just as valuable and as admirable in the secular shape in which wo commonly see thom as though they were subjected to the discipline of a spiritual brother- hood. There is nothing monastic, and not muoh that is ascetic, about our pioneer settlors, but their work can hardly be suc- cessfully achieved unless it rests upon moral qualities not dissimilar from those relied upon by Cardinal Lavigekie for the civilisation of North Africa. And when the work is done, and the country is brought into a condition of permanent production, it is not always the case that the hard and patient work and the stern privations of the first settlers meet with a generous recognition from the com- munity which has boon enriched and ex- panded by their labours. It is noticeable that while Lord Kintore haa been somewhat reserved with respect to his impressions of the nature of the oountry he passed through, he has been more communicative with regard to the problems of the Northern Territory, where his overland journey began. The problems of the Northern Territory may indeed bo summed up as one. They all issue in the question of labour, and of the possibility of white mon labouring successfully in that tropical climato. On this Bubject Lord Kintore has spoken without hesitation or restraint. Ho has declared that the labour question is one upon whioh "the life of the Northern Territory depended." Ho is quite satisfied that "tie climato along the seaboard and for some hundreds of miles inland, is not one wherein the great majority of white men could work with profit." It would be a mistake, no doubt, to regard Lord Kin- tore as a special authority upon this ques- tion. At the same time it is one upon which his position enables him to speak out his mind freely, without regard to the olass or party interests which might perhaps warp the judgment of any- one in a less independent station, His opinion indeed derives support from the lately published report of Mt. J. G. Knight, the Government Eesident of the Territory. Mr. Knight mentions that when he went . to Port Darwin in 1873 "there was not a Chinaman in the country," but some 3000 Europeans between Palmerston and Pine Creek had the mining all to themselves, and he asks, " Where are they now ?" His answer is that, in addition to other drawbacks, " the frequency of fever and dysentery .alarmed the timid ; whilo the climate generally was adjudged too hot for a white man to work in." The number of the Chinese who have since so largely replaced the Europeans in mining work has lately doclined, being now estimated at between 4000 and 5000. But in spite of the ro duced population the output of gold inoreasest and in 1890 amounted to 23,235oz., being no less than 9207oz. more than in the former year. Gold appears to be plentiful ; what is wanting is suitable labour. It is not to bo wondorod at that under these circumstances there should be, as there appears to be, a growing f eeling in .South Australia in favour of introducing cheap "labour 'Of "some kind into the Northern Territory. If matters remain as they are, it may be confidently expected that attempts will be made to set aside the restrictions now limiting the admission of Chinese and other Asiatics into the Northern Territory. Should that be the case, it will be impossible to blame the action of a colony which sees that the only visible and present .way to make this -dependency pro- fitable is to remove the prohibition of the introduction of cheap labour whioh in compliance with the pressuro of tho other colonies it has imposed. The matter of the exclusion or the admission under suitablo restrictions of suoh labour could only be dealt with in a competent and authori- tative way, and in the interests of all the colonies, by a Pedoral Parliament of Australia. And we got an accurate gauge of the honesty and the intelligence of the objections uiged to federation when we see that it is objected to on account of the dangers of cheap native labour to whioh it would leave us open, when the fact obviously and undeniably is that against these dangers federation is our only pos- sible safeguard. Few people would be disposed to dispute the truth as an abstract proposition of the motion Mr. Hurley asked the House last night to affirm, that " it is desirable, in the public interests, to suppress, as fai- ns practicable, the pernicious practioe of gambling in sweeps, consultations, and other games at chance." The Legislature has already made some attempts at the restriction of those evils, but tie result can hardly bo citod as a success. Indeed, having in view the way in which these huge racing lotteries flourish, and the oponness with which they are carried on, it would bo difficult for a stranger to boliove that anything whatover is done for their preven- tion. It does not require that one should regard sport and amusement as evils to justify him in holding that they and the gambling spirit so largoly associated with them occupy altogether too largo a place in tho interest and the occupation of the community. The law has recognised this, and has made some halting attempts to suppress the more publio of the forms which gambling on races assumes. And as a measure of tho success attained, we have the faot, as stated in tho debate last night, that one person " was now dealing with a £100,000 sweep." If this is the case, either the law as it stands is impotent, or its administration is in some way paralysed. In either case it is doubtful whether it would be of much use to pass more legis- lation until we learned how it is that that which is now in esdstonoe is practically a dead letter. But, when all is said on the subjeot, it remains true that, as Sir Henry Parkes suggostod, the community cannot relievo itself of the responsibility of the evils resulting from the multiplication of the moans of gamb- ling and the growth of the gambling spirit by leaving the remedy wholly to tho Legis- lature. If tliis is a vice, and if it produces as its consequences social ship- wreck, ruin, and crime, then it is necessary that any legislative attempt at remedy should receive the co-operation of theoommunity in general, instead of having, as at prosont, the general practice of the community against it. The subject is a large one, deeply affecting the morality of society at large. It could not bo ade- quately dealt with, or oven con- sidered, upon such a motion as that moved by Mr. Hurley. The hon. mem- ber recognised that he had made a mistake in the part of his resolution specially applying to the Civil Service. Tho matter was practically sholved by the motion being converted into the expression of a h'opo that the Government would " introduce a bill ;" but if,anything is really to be done, the subjeot will have t* be ap .proachod more deliberately, and dealt with more comprehensively both in and out ¿f Parliament, than is, perhaps, at present possible. The largo and enthusiastic audience which assomblod last night in tho Oen tennial Hall to hear Sir George Gmt was at once a testimony to the fame 0f that statesman and the widespread interest felt in the subject which he was announced to discuss. Sir GEonos passed over a wide area of publio questions, but, giving the premier place to the Bubiect of plurality of voting, presented tho ques. tion of "one man ono vote" a. funda, mental in the settlement of all othors Whother the realisation of this loon will bring with it all the advantages that are anticipated from it by the more fervont advocates of an advanced democracy mav be opea to question ; but to tho prin- ciple itself there will probably be not much exception token, if it ia not even a logical sequence to manhood suffrage. The resistance which Sir George Grey has had to encounter if resistance it be, has not been from anything in the principio itself, but i because of tha occasion which ho chose for_ trying to have the adoption of it made obligatory on the people oi Australia. And it is a noteworthy thing that the Governments in the two principal colonies, whose members did not sympa, thise with Sir George Grey's notion in the Convention on this subject, are themselves introducing the one man one vote principlrj as an integral part of their polioy m meet ing thoir respective Parliaments. Mr. Munro, the Premier of Victoria, has publicly stated that the abolition of plurality of votes will bo part of the programme of Ministers. and, as is known, a measure with the sam( object in view has been promised jn tht Governor's speech in opening the Parlial ment of Now South Wales. As. thesj two great colonies are likely t<| guide the procedure of tho others1 it would, appear that in ¿j natural order of things, and long beforl colonists are invited to elect members« tho Parliament of the Commonwealth) thü principle will be embodiod in the eleotoraj law of all the colonies. This is thJ natural and easy method of engrafting the single voting system on the Constitution of the Commonwealth! Whereas had the Convention, as urged by Sir George Grey, determined on modifying the electoral system of each of the colonies, and presented to them the method in which they should choose ! thoir, own representatives to ,tho Parliament of the Commonwealth, it would have been flying in the face of the colonies, and assuming t< itself powers which it never possessed. Or this principle, as on the other variom subjects treated, Sir George was in entiri accord with his hearers, and received ai ovation that could not be otherwise thai exceedingly gratifying to any publio man. The affair at Coreena, where the frei labourers struck "because two unionists hat been taken on, is an illustration of the ex tent to which the "labour movement hu unsettled the balance of men's minds, an« played havoo with the ordinary condition! of life and rulos of action. At me first glance the proceeding will be regarded a» a not unnatural piece of retaliation, and ii may even be said that tho unionists who] were discharged for the purpose ofi appeasing the free labourers were in) a representative sense the recipients ofjo i tributivo justice. If unionists, believing' that they have command of the situaion, insist upon driving non- unionists oir) of employment, and depriving them oflthe moons of support, they cannot well jora plain when non-unionists, being for the time in the stronger position, pay nom back in their coin. But two wrong do not make a right. Tyranny is an abuse of power wherever it weirs, and tyranny is as ugly a ting whon practised by non- unionists as tv ;en practised by unionists. The managei at Coreena must have felt himself in fact of an awkward dilomma ; but it is a cnusepr rogret that ho yielded to coercion, m unionists have frequently said that ftjfj. dom of contract meant that their rea would be "victimised" by the sheo owners; and if wo understand righly their application of this term ut signifies that unionists aie likely' lo be discharged or refused employai« it whon other men can bo had. The shet * owners have consistently denied this charç \ and contended that they were only i sisting upon their right as free men > employ alike unionists or non-unioni¡¡ who wero ready to come to terms. ïhis i an intelligible and defensible position, ai I as 'long as it is held and act« I upon the shoepownors will bo entitled to ta sympathy of the publio. But to refuse t» employ uuioniijls, or lo discharge them ai tho dictation of non-unionists, is to abandon that position, and sacrifice almost every- thing for whioh tho stand is being madoi If unionists aro employed, and misconduct themselves in such a way as to justify their discharge, that is another matter. But, whon mon aro supposed to be fighting for the right to manage thoir own business, interference should bo resisted from what- ever side it may come. The Government is incurring a heavy expense in the per-1 f ormanco of one of it» first duties, namely, tho protection of individual liberty; but this has not been done for the purpose of facilitating the development of tyranny and coercion in another form._ The Legislativo Council will meet at tho usual hour this afternoon. Fob tho first time during tho present session tho Legislative Assembly commenced with the usual questions to Ministers. As a result of rio accn mulation caused by tho debato on tho Address in Reply, thero wero no less than 38 questions on tho business paper, most of thom of an unimportanl charactor. Mr. Garvan received particulars as to tho financial affairs of this colony m London, and tho sffto of our credit thero. Mr. Joseph Abbott, who'soim*. to liavo assumed tho role of railway em- ployees' advocate, desired to leam tho circumstance* (surrounding tho dismissal of a certain engino driver. Mr. M'Millnn made a firm stand ii support of the Railwoy Commissioners, one pointed out that as the caso had already been do cided on uppeal by tho Coinmissionere, and as then decision was, according to tho Aot, final, thl Government could not consent to produce anj papers on tho subject. Mr. Traill, who is in- terested in tho condition of tho ships belong- ing to tho now Australian Sqiiadron,_ inquired as to the reported defects in thcs< cruisers, and only succeodod in learning thal tho Government had no information whatever on tho subject. Tho wholo of tho questions wore rattled through in tho Bhort spaoo of a quarter oi an hour, and thon Mr. Ninian Heivillo was ro oppointcd Chairman of Committees. Mr. Ead, ni moving tho resolution, spoke warmly in praise ol Mr. MelvUlo's past conduct in Ü10 chair, and Mr. Seo, who seconded the motion, added a few words of advice, warning Mr. Melvillo that akttlotact sat well upon tho person of a Chairman of Com- mittees, and helped largely to keep tho Housei m order. In spito of a vigorous protest by JUr. Sohoy, who would like to havo seen another canal-, date brought forward, tho Houso imouimoualT «¡looted Mr. Melvillo. Up to tho prosont tho House has been oarrying on ita businoss without sessional orders,but fortun- atoly no inoonvonienco has rosolted Still tat want of these regulations might havo prov od awK ward; as, for instance, if the House hac boon counted out, no timo could havo boon tuet for the next sitting. On the first sessional ordei providing that the House should moot on Tuesdays Wednesdays, and Thursdays, at 4 p.m, being moved by thoe Premier, Mr. Stevenson raised the ld war cry of country v. town members. The subject is dear to tho hon. member, who, coming from the country, would prefer to spend a portion of the day timo in transacting legislativo business. So Mr. Steven- son moved an amendment in favour of the House mooting at 2 in the afternoon, in ordor that it jnight bo ready to adjourn by 11 o'olock at night. Town members naturally objeot to sponding the day in Parliament, as they havo their own private business to attend to. Ministors also oppose the alteration, on tho ground that it is jmpossiblo to get through tho work of tho depart- ments by an early hour in thu afternoon. Thoso reasons havo always militated against any ohange ¡n the direction desired by Mr. Stovonson, and in tho present instanco they also proved fatal to tho amendment. A good many members, mostly representing country constitu- encies, supported the amendment ; some even ming further, and asking that tho Houso should mcetotlOin the morning, and sit all day. Still, all tho spocches in favour of daylight work wore powerless to convert city members, and the Houso, otter a tedious and aimless debato, nogativod the omondmont by 60 votes to 30. Tho Sossional Orders regarding procoduro wero soon passod, and tho conduct of tho busraoss of the Houso iras definitely fixed, the Government taking ?Wednesday and Thursday for its busi- ness, while Tuesday, as heretofore, is to bo givon up to private members' business. A little discussion arose over the constitution of the various committees of the Houso, tho Opposition naturally desiring to hove as full a representation as possible on theso committees. Acoording to certain members, Mr. Ewing is no longer a mem- ber of tho Opposition, and to counterbalance this . loss the name of Mr. O'sullivan was substituted for that of Mr. Bruco Smith on the Library Com- mittee Tho situation was nltortod when tile Refreshment Committeo carno under considera- tion, for boro it was a qnostion of teetotallers nud moderate drinkers. Mr, Crick, with a view of strengthening tho teetotal sido, wished to placo Mr. Hutchison, of Glen Innes, on tho committee, instead of Mr. Ewing, hut the Houso, tired of thoso delays, would havo none of it, and negatived the amendment. Another useloss division was caused through tho attempt mado by Mr. Criok and Mr. Toohoy to amend the sossional ordor rogulating the admission of strangers to the House. As the rulo stands, the withdrawal of strangors moy bo ordorod on tho demand of any member, supported by four other mombers. Mr. Criok ''wanted the proceedings of tho Assembly open at all times, whilst Mr. Toohey, though desiring that tho publio should always be admitted, would still leave tho Spoakor or Chairman of Committees power to order tho withdrawal of strangors. The rolo, as Mr. Want pointed out, is a necessary fldjmiot to the maintenance of order under cortain conditions, and tho Houso took this view, nega- tiving tho omondmont by a largo majority. The list sessional order, which stood in the name of Mr. Barbour, involved a very importantpoint. It provides that no now business shall bo taken after 11 o'clock at night, and in past sessions tho effcot of this rolo has boon to materially shorten the sittings of the House. Tho Government generally opposes tho rolo, as it enables tho Opposition, if so inclined, to stop the progress of business by prolonging a do hate until after 11, so that no fresh matter can bo brought forward. Tho Houso, however, declined to follow the example of the members of the Ministry, and, in accordance with its usual custom, carried Mr. Borbour's motion. At lost, after a long delay, caused by the accumulation of reports and papers which had to bo laid on tho table of tho Houso, Mr. Willie prooeedod to urgo tho oloims of Brewarrina and the district for a railway from Byrock. Naturally, Mr. Willis constituents conaidors that this railway is a most nocossary one, for, as the member for Bourke olotjuontly re- marked, "it will tap the pastoral garden of New South Wales." Tho amount of trado whioh will be diverted by this railway is, it appears, Bimply enormous, and tho Government seems to look favour- ably upon tho line. Mr. Bruce Smith asked that tho dobato should bo adjournod for a fortnight, when ho hopes to bo able to give tho hon. member a iatisfaotory onswor. The next motion, whioh iras taken as a formal one, emhndiod an idoa of Mr. Creor's that the evils of tho drink trado can bo lessoned by having only one bar in each hotel. Ho also wishes te abolish barmaidB, and to attain thoso ends intends to ask tho Houso to oonsidor a bill on tho subjeot. Mr. Walkor, in 6pito of tho Opposi- tion of Mr. Torpy, succeeded in roviving tho Com- mittee of last session appointed to inquire into the management of the Orango Hospital, but Mr. Schoy's motion in favour of the Eight-hour Bill fell through owing to the absenco of tho mover. Towards nine o'olock tho House bogan to grow weary of passing formal and unimportant motions ; hut, in spito of tho obvious dcsiro of mombers to adjourn, Mr. Waddoll insisted on imparting his views on the fiscal question to a totally unsympa thotio array of empty bonchos. Coming forward as a poor man's friend, Mr. Waddoll asked for the abolition of tho duties on cornflour, maizona, coffeo, rice, sago, and toa. Though a protection- ist, Mr. Waddoll wishes the removal of these duties on the ground that they press heavily on the poorer classes. Ho received but little support, howover, from his own sido of tho Houso, and Mr. Toohey prof ossod to scent a doop-laid soborno undor this apparently innocent motion. Mr. Waddell, as it happened, had another resolution on the paper, asking for the abolition of tho duties on rabbit proof notting, and this led Mr. Toohoy to conolude that the first motion was simply brought forward as a oloak for the second. Mr. O'sullivan Buggestod tho omission of cornflour and moizona from tho list, as theso articles oould be produood in tho colony. Mr. M'Millan showed that the time chosen for the motion was a most inopportuno ono, as tho groat fiscal battle would havo to bo fought out soon over tho financial statement of tho Treasurer. IWthcrraoro thoGovornment had ropeatedlyref used to alter the tariff in any respoot until it could doo! with it as a wholo, and ho deolinod to commit the Ministry at present by any rash promises. On theso grounds, ho folt it to bo his duty to move the adjournment of the dobato. After this no one took ouch interest in tho matter, and tho discussion wore itsolf out, tho adjournment of tho debate for thrco weeks being carried. Undor pressuro, Mr. Wad- doll also withdrew his motion regarding wire netting, and this allowed Mr. Hurley, to his great delight, to roach his resolution. lim pornioiouB praotioo of gambhng provalont in this city, as in all other largo oontres of popula- tion is tho bete noir of Mr Hurloy, who, in a fow tamest words, appealed to hon members to aid in suppressing sweeps, oonsultations, and othor games of chanco Ho also wished to pro- hibit Civil servants from gambhng by punish- ing every offender with instant dismissal , and this lattor part of tho resolution waa the only part whioh anyono objected to The first portion only affirmed a gonoral and universally accepted principio, and to this Sir Henry Parkes ohoerfally gavo his assent 1 ho Premier, though, pointed out that the resolution would bo entirely inoperative as thoro was no possibility of carrying tho part of it relating lo the Civil Scrvico into effect oven if it were desu-iblo to do so As to tho ovil of gambhng, tho Promior spoko -warmly und feelingly, dedaring that it -»as tho duty of tho Government to endeavour to check it Ho referred to tho amount of gambling which went on in connection with mining operations, and dwelt specially on the ourse of betting which now 6cemod inseparable from horso racing, und thought that the sooner all mon of position sot thoir faces against these abuses tho bottor it would bo for the growing youth of this oountry Ho therefore asked the bon momber to withdraw the resolution, 60 that this im- portant subject could be dealt with at tho right hmo Mr Abigail, whilst oxposing some of tho wü practices which go on dailj ull aroimd na, ex- pressed the opinion that the pohoo might do moro to chook the growing vice Sovoral othor members oontinuod m the samo strom, and tho subjoot was «lorongUly discussed with surprising unanimity All kinds of speculation, including mining, hind jobbing, horse racing, foot raoing, ovorything whioh involves bettong, como m for gonoral denun twhon, and Mr Garrard oven assorted that wholo wlo gambhng went on insido tho Govornmont do paitmonts The discussion, which was snddonly sprung at a lato hour on tho House, proved an interesting °no, and should havo tho effect of materially strengthening tho hands of the Govorn tnent when they toko tho matter m hand Jw Haynes took a now lino by maintain ">g that the law as it stood was quito suffloiont to coal with the evil The pohoo also kid done all that was possible, and tho only remedy lay in sentencing conviotod offenders to imprisonment without the option of a fino Tmally Mr Haynes Jtowed, to his own satisfaction, that tho wholo noublo was owing to our falso system of ce^tridisanon, which brought about a corrupt «ooial stato Mr Toohoy doliverod a highly moral address, whioh came dangerously near being & ^"rjon, admonishing hon mombcra to search carefully thoir own consciences, and before con .taaninL othora to moko sure that their own con duct was spotless. Mr. Pangar desired that the Government should bring in a bill to deal with the whole subjeot in a comprehensive and drastio mannor, and orabodiod thoso viows in an amond mont. ? At last, whon all that could possibly be said on the subjeot hadbeon said several times over, Mr. Hurley offered to withdraw the resolution, but as this oonrss was objeoted to, the motion was araendod in the direction sirggosted by Mr. Dangar, and agreed to. As no new business could bo takon, tho hour being after 11, the House ad- journed. In reply to a qncstion oskod by Mr. M'Court in the Legislativo Assembly, Sir Honry Parkes tabled a return last night showing tho extra payment modo to polioo offices in connoction with tho late strike. Allowances paid to members of the force in Sydnoy for oxtra duty amounted to £500, dividod amongst l8 officials ranging from tho rank of superintendents to inspectors, sub- inspectors, and inspoctor and sub-inspeotors of doteotivos. Tho sorgeanta and constables in the Metropolitan District, who per- formed extra duties in Sydney, received 2s per diom. The sorgoants and constables belonging to the metropolita! and country distriots, who were detailod for duty at tho oollories, reooivod 6s per diem when not supplied with rations, and 3s per diem,when so supplied. Detectives for oxtra labour received 3s per day, and the offlcors in the country districts on special service rocoived the usual travelling allowances when not supplied with rations. Last night, Sir Homy Parkes laid on the table of the Houso a return from Mr. Gcorgo F. Wiso, Agent for Immigration, showing tho number of immi- grants admitted to Now South Wales during 1890. Of the 376 who arrived during that year all wore nominated in tho colony. They oonsisted of 187 individuals above 12 years, and 189 under 12 years of age. Operations under tho regulations wero confinod to tho nominations of wives and their ohildron by husbands rosidont in the oolony. Tho 376 arrivals wore equal to 279 adults. Thoro were 56 singlo men, 132 wives and single women, and 189 ohildron under 12 years of ago. Tho amount paid in the oolony on account of oost of passage was £847, tho amount paid to tho Agent-General in London was £29, making a total of £876. The Minister for Minos and Agrioulturo reoontly accepted the tondors of Mr. W. Piokering for sink ingfivobores upon tho Wanaaring to Milparinkaroad, and two boros on the Louth to Wanaaring road ; and of Mr. J. H. Stubbs for fivo boros on the Ivan- hoe to Monindioroad, and four bores on tho Euston to Pooncarie road. Tenders hove boon repeatedly invited for theso works but without result, owing, it is said, to tho dearth of suitablo labour. It is regarded as satisfactory that so many boros havo boen let, and that such a wide aroa of oo'untry will bo tested. In all. oontraots for 16 bores have been accepted, and somo of the borings havo reached a dopth of over 1000ft. Tins morning at half-past 10 o'olock a deputa- tion from Woonoona will wait upon the Postmaster Gonoral with tfio request that a post and telegraph offico bo established at that place. Fon Tuesday, Juno 2, notioes have boon given to move in thb Legislativo Assombly for throo ad- ditional railways. Mr. Inglis intends to movo that, in tho opinion of the House, it is expedient that a lino of railway should bo survoyed from tho noarest convenient portion of tho main Northern line to Walcha ; also that, in tho opinipn of the Houso, it is expedient that a Uno of railway should be survoyed from Armidale to Hillgrove ; and tho necessary stops takon to submit both pro- posals to tho Standing Parliamentary Committco on Publio Works. Mr. Frank Smith is to movo that, in tho opinion of tho Assembly, the Govern- ment should immediately toko the necessary steps to have submitted to tho Publio Works Committoo, for its inspection and report, a proposal for the oonstruotion of a railway to tho deep waters of Port Jackson along the forcshoro of Long Cove to Long- nose Point. A HESTiNd of tho Exooutive Counoil was held yesterday, under tho presidency of tho Earl of Jorsoy. The most important matter undor consi- deration was a petition reooived from the Danish .Consul,, and signed by a number of influential mon, praying for tho reprievo of (ho man Lars Peters ¿lansen, who was oonvioted of murder at tho Dubbo Cirouit Court on the Hth April, and ia now lying undor sentenco of death. The Exo- outive, howover, after careful consideration, deeidod that tho sontonoo must bo carried into offeot, and Hansen will thoroforo be oxeoutod on Tuos day, Juno 2. Messbs. B. B. Nicoll, W. S. Dowol, Ms.L.A., and Edward Dowling, representing the Now Sonth Wales branoh of tho Australian Natives' Associa- tion, had an interviow with Sir Goorgo Groy in tho Hotel Metropolo yesterday afternoon. Mr. Nicoll ¿aid they had oallcd on Sir Goorgo to con- gratúlate him on tho stand ho hod taken on tho great question of Australian fodoration. As Aus- tralians thoy wore greatly interested in tho causo, and thoy desired to seo tho unity of all tho oolonios. In recent years the Australian Nativos' Association was tho first to take up the great question, and at a conferonoo in Melbourno l8 months ago thoy had tho. matter undor consideration. Thoy also drafted a bill, whioh was afterwards admitted by Mr, Gillies and Mr. Deakin, and other politicians, as being of service to them whon framing the Con- stitution Bill. Some of them took exception to ocrtain clauses In the bill, but wished to soo it havo a chanco, and bo disoussed by the Parlia- ment. Mr. Dowel expressed the hope that the prinoiple of one man one vote, so zealously odvooated by Sir Goorgo Groy in the Convention, would be embodied in tho Constitution of all tho oolonios. Ho roforrod to Sir George's past caroor, and described him as one of the earliest pioneers. Mr. Dowling also addrossod a few words to Sir Goorgo Grey. Sir Gcorgo thanked the depu- tation for having interviewed him. All he could say was that it was very encouraging to find mon of knowledgo, oxperioneo, and position taking a common viow in this matter. As thoy would por oiovo, whot ho waa doing was not an attempt to disturb or irritate tho publio mind, but simply to carry out a mcasiu-o which was absolutely neces- sary for tho futuro welfare of Australia. In his own mind ho would not bo entirely satisfied if thoy obtained tho abolition of plural voting- in tho sovoral oolonies without it being incorporated in the Federal Act. Ho thought it Bhould bo soon by tho people of Australia for all timo that an attempt waa mode by thoir ancestors to get tho prinoiplo introduced into tho Constitution Act. If this was done, thoy would not toko any poworjfrom tho colonies, and thoy loft them the powor of restoring plural voting any day thoy saw fit to do so. Ho would Uko very much to know what objeotions the Australian Nativos' Association took to the Consti- tution Bul. Mr. NicoU promised to supply a Ust of tho objootious to Sir Goorgo Grey, and tho de- putation then withdrew. At a convention, held yesterday, of the members of the various branches of the Irish National League and other Irish sooieties, the question was discussed of making an appeal on behalf of the evicted tenants in Ireland. Mr. F. B. Free- hill, president of the Sydney branch of the League, occupied the chair, and among those present were Mr. J. R. Cox, M.P. for Clare, Ireland ; Mr. James Toohey, M.L.A. ; Mr. T. Dalton, M.L.A., Mr. James Dalton (Orange), and Messrs. M. J. Maroney and E. Flynn, of Newcastle. A motion to the effect that Mr. Cox, M.P., be appointed to collect funds in New South Wales did not meet with favour, and it was withdrawn. The ohiof objection to the pro- posal was that Mr. Cox hod come to Australia as tho representativo of one seotion of tho Irish Parliamontary party, and the opinion waa ex- pressed that tho loaguo could not support Mr. Cox without doparting from tho position of neutrality takon np at an early period of the dispute as to tho leadership of tho Irish party. Nearly all tho spoakers opposed the idoa of holding pubUo mootings tlironghout the colony to mako an appeal on bohalf of the Irish tenants, tho ground of opposition boing that at the prosont timo such an appoal would in all probabUiry bo attended by failure. Allusion was mode to the national funds locked up in Paris, and the question was asked why tbo mombors of the Irish party did not sottlo thoir differonoes and apply the funds looked up to the roUof of their unfortu- nate countrymon. On the motion of Mr. J. Toohey, M.L.A., Bocondod by Mr. B. Gaffnoy, it was dcoidod by a largo majority to adjourn tho convention for three months. The chairman stated that the New South Wales organisation, through whioh thousands of pounds had boen raisod, would continuo its efforts on behalf of the eviotod tenants. Yesteiiday the doaigns sent to the Minister for Mines and Agriculture for tho Hawkesbury Agri- cultural Collogo wore on viow in the boardroom, at tho Colonial Secretary's Offico. Thoy aro l8 in number. During tho day about 100 gontlomen inspected the designs. Tho following are the names of tho designors :-Mossrs. E. C. E. Blako, Sydnoy ; F. Harrison, DoniUqnin ; James Bamott, jun., Sydnoy ; W. E. Day, Sydnoy ; Jamos E. Justeliuit, Sydnoy ; H. M. Robinson, Sydney ¡ S. Hurst Seager, Sydnoy ; H. A. Wilshire, Syd* ney; W. A. Drnko, Sydnoy; J. B. Despontes, Wavorley; David Boss, Sydney ¡ H. B. J&omlatt; and Alexander Bankin, Molboume'; B. Herbert Fawcott, Sydney; G. A. Down, Sydney; E. Loworish', Sydney ; P. J. Wales, Sydnoy ; J. A. Kothel and Alex. Virtue, Globo Point. Tins City Railwoy CJommission mot yesterday afternoon and further considered tho question of providing railway accommodation for tho western suburbs. Mr. A. Deane, Acting EngTnoor-in Chief for Railways, presented a report upon tho matter, in which ho favoured an extended and improved tramway service rather than a railway for the looalitios named. On Friday the members of tho Commission proposo to visit the eastern suburbs, a proposal in reference to which has already received consideration. Testebday the Railway Commissionors received tendors for the construction of now railway build- ing« at Eveleigh and Macdonaldtown, for tho alteration of the Waratah railway station, and for tho purohaso of old buildings at Burwood. The Commissioners also accepted tho tendor of Messrs, Hudson Brothers for the supply of fiO rough ballast waggons, the prico being £2350. Li connection with the statement mode by Mr. T. W. E. David, tho geological surveyor, when report- ing upon tho discovory of omeralds in tho Vogotabls Crook distriot, to the effeot that out of tho 1500 oarata of gom stones already extracted from the Proprietary Company's mino, " perhaps from 10 to 20 in 1000 wore fairly good goms, suitable for being cut and polished," wo aro requested to say thnt ho intended to convoy an opinion that as for as could bo judged from tho present stato of tho mino, this was approximately tho proportion of goms of good colour and fairly free from flaws in comparison with others of a somewhat inferior quality. Mr. David still considers this to bo approximately correct as regards the proportion of good gems. Ho points out, howover, that of the 07 per cent, whioh remain, perhaps 3 per oont. moro or less might bo of somo commercial value after being cut and polished. On tho other hand, the proprietary of the mino feol confident that a higher proportion of gems of tho latter quality oould bo profitably eut and polishod. Mr. David in his first report omitted to refer to tho additional 3 por cent, of gems, tho value of whioh appeared to him to be doubtful. It therefore appeared safor to baso his estimates on the gems the valuo of whioh was established. The sohemo for tho widoning of Mooro-strect, whioh has been under the consideration of the City Council for somo timo past, will bo advanoed another otago to-morrow when tho report of tho assessors is laid before tho aldermen in oom mitteo of finance. The gontlomon appointed to preparo the report wero Messrs. Richardson, Batt, and M'Quoon, and their duties included the deter- mination of tho improvement aroa, of the oompon sation to bo paid to those who would be dispossessed of land, and of tho amount ohargoablo to tho persons whoBO properties would be improved when tbe street is mado. Tho oounoil has already decided that Mooro-sb-eot sholl be opened out to a width of 100ft., and that tho repayments aro to oxtond over a period of 100 years. The death is announood of Mr. John Carruthers, father of tho Hon. J. H. Carruthers, Minister of Publio Instruction. Mr. Carruthers was a colonist of old standing, haying arrivod in Sydney in 1833. For many years ho took an activo part in publio affairs, and was prominently idontified with the anti- transportation agitation and other efforts to promote tho welfare of tho oolony. Ho ulled the office of clerk of the Goorgo-stroet Markets for two poriods of sorvico, and at the time of his death was the oldest member of tho Union Benofit Sooiety, having joined it in 1S38. Of his othor sons, one is tho Rev. J. E. Carruthers, of "West Maitland ; anothor, Mr. A. G. Carruthers, is Mayor of Rook-' dolo ; and the oldest, Mr. H. Carruthers, is in the Railway Dopartmont. Tub Rov. Dr. Steel delivered a leoture last ovon- ing, in tho hall of the Yourie; Men's Christian Association, on " Latin Hymns and their AVritor» : a Thousand Years of Ohuroh Song." The leoture was the second of tho winter course, whioh was bogun a week ago. Dr. Steel's discourse was illustrated with specimens in song by tho choir of St. Stephen's Ohuroh, Phillip-street. A social meeting of tho members of the Unitarian Churoh and thoir friends was hold last evoning in Loigh Houso, Castleroagh-stroet. The gathering was in connection with tho social union attaohod to tho ohuroh. Miss Seldon, Miss Thomas, Mr. Jaques, and Mr. O. Lukey contri- buted some vocal and instrumental pieces in the early part of the overling. Theso items wero followed by " Sunsot," a play in ono aot, by Joromo. Tho characters wore assumod by Miss Lily Thornton, Miss Annie Wilson, Miss Marion Scott, and Messrs. C. G. Frost, O. A. Maxwell, and John Moses. This entertainment, which was very well roooivod, was sucoeedod by a danoo. At a orowdod meeting hold last evening in tho Centennial Hall, under tho auspicos of tho Trados and Labour Counoil, Sir Goorgo Grey dolivorod an address in advocacy of tho recognition of the singlo voto prinoiplo and of a tax upon land. Tho vonorablo gontlomon was listenod to throughout with tho oloscst attention, and his spoeoh, which was of a characteristic nature, olicitod frequent expressions of warm approval. At the conclusion of the address tho following resolutions wore oarriod :-" That in the opinion of this meeting any bill for tho federation of the Australian oolonios whioh does not contain a provision for tho election of tho House of Repre- sentatives of the Föderal Parliament on the prin- oiplo of one man one vote will bo unsatisfactory to the pooplo," and, "That this meering dosiros to place on record its deop appreciation of the great and inestimable) Borvices to tho causo of progress and humanity ronderod by Sir George Grey." Yesteeday in tho Mayor's room at tho Town Hall Mr. N. Melvillo, M.L.A., presented to Sir Goorgo Groy a requisition signed by 500 minoru at Wallsend, inviting him to visit that distriot and to deliver an address on plural voting. Tho re- quisition was as follows :-" To Sir Goorgo Groy, K.O.B. Sir,-Wo, tho undersignod residents of Wallsend, Plattsburg, and tho surround- ing district shall esteem it os a great favour if you will visit the groat coal- mining centro of Northumberland and dolivor an address on bohalf of ' Australian Nationalism, and Ono Man Ono Vote.' Wo havo watohod with some degreo of pride and pleasure tho noblo stand you havo mado for tho causo of Australian domooraoy during your sojourn in this and the neighbouring Culoaico, und wo shall esteem it a great privilege if you will, givo us an opportunity of Boeing and hearing one who has ondearod himself to tho hoarts of ovory true Australian. Wo can assure you of a hearty wel como from thousands hore wLo aro anxious to hoar you, and wo do trust that you will bo ablo to oomply with this request, for tho sako of the cause that lacks assistance, for the wrong that noeds rosistanoe, and tho good that you oan do. Wo aro, ito., A. Dbummond (Mayor of Wallsond), J. Esteil (Mayor of Plattsburg)," nnd 500 othors. Sir Goorgo Groy consented to accedo to tho wishes of tho miners, and arrangements havo boon mado for him to spook at Wallsond on Friday night, and at Newcastle on Saturday ovoning. Tub English moils to 24th April, ox R.M.S. Viotoria, will bo duo to-day, in timo for dolivory at about 2 p.m. Tar. attendrwico at the National Art. Gallery ot Now South Walos Monday was 4236. A DEUonTFin, voyage across tho Pacifio wag completed to Sydnoy by tho R.M.S. Monowai yesterday. Tho weather was in inarkod con- trast to that oxperloncod on tho last voyago honoe to tho Goldon Gate. Upon the Monowai's last voyago sho carried to San Franoisoo 216 passongors and about the largest cargo yet shipped by tho steamers on this line. This time sho has arrivod with a fairly well filled list of passengers, and from tho favourable opinion they express of ¿ho Union Company's representativo ship, tho Monowai is ovidontly to bocomo a favourite in tho TrauB-Pacifio sorvioo. Concerts, danoos, and othor moans of amusement wore oarriod out by tho passengers on tho way to Australia. Among the passongors of noto on board wero Major Dano, the renowned leoturor, who has boon round tho world since his last visit here, tho Hon. J. B. Patterson, M.L.C. of Victoria, and Mr. A. Wilson, Engineer to tho Harbours and Rivers Department, Victoria. Tho night before tho arrival of tho stcamor Captain M. Carey and his officers wero referred to in ploas ing terms in a complimentary address presented to tho oommondor by Major Dano on bohalf of Madamo Bernhardt and the other passongors. Tho timo ocouplcd by tho Monowai on tho run to Sydney was 23 days 19 hours, including all stop- pages. MADAME Sarah Bernhardt arrived in Sydney early yesterday morning by the steamar Monowai, and subsequently had an enthusiastic reception at the hands of representatives of the French section of the population, of the artistic world, and of the public generally. A numorous company of ladies and gentlemen left the Quay at 10 o'clock in a gaily decorated steam launch, and with a band playing the "Marseillaise," proceeded to tho Union Company's wharf and gave Madame Bernhardt a hearty greeting. The com- pany met Madame Bernhardt in the saloon of the Monowai, and presented to her an address of welcome and some beautiful floral offerings. This part of the reception proceedings having been condudod, Madame Bernhardt was oonduoted on bjard the steam lannoh and taken to tho Oiro'iiar Quay, where she landed amid tho choors anr*. salutations of a largo crowd of spectators. Tho report of tho reception procoedb_9 i>ppes in another part of this iesuo. To-day tho Mayor and Mayoress will welcomo Madame Bernhardt in the Town Hall. The invitation cards issued aro to bo presented at tho Druitt- streot ontranco to tho hall. We aro informed that a matinée bonoflt has been offered by Mr. and Mrs. Charrington and their oompany in aid of the Women's College Fund. The date has boen fixed for 6th June.' Mrs. Charrington has promisod to give Ibsen's play of "The Doll's House." Dn. Jomr Natxob, organist and choirmaster of York Minster (Eng.), gavo an organ recital in St. John's Church, Darlinghurst, last evening. Ho had a largo audionoo, and his various soleotions^ were greatly appreciated. The programme containodj Mendelssohn's sonata in B flat, two oxcorpts frorn writings of Gado, the grand fuguo in E minor byi Bach ; an andante movement in F major, and a choral song and fuguo by S. S. Wosloy, a sohorzo in A minor (W. T. Best), and Marcho BeUgicuso (Gnilmont) ¡ and finally, by request, the HaUo lujah Chorum from (ho "Mossiah." Thoproeoods' of tho recital wore devoted to the roduotion of tho church debt. " Takes from Life," Henry Pettitt'a domestic drama, is an old favourite in Sydney. Its revival lost night at the Theatre Boyal was greeted with remarkable enthusiasm. Tho play is one of Mr. Pettitt's best works. It is full of sensation, and its various characters aro well drawn. It had a long run at its original home, the London Adelphi, in! 1882, ^whon tho heroine was impersonated "by Miss "Florence Gerard. This character is now takon by Miss Kate Bishop, whilo Mr. Walter Howo plays Walter Loo, Mr. Charles Warner's original part. Mr. Bland Holt, as Titus Knott, has a oharaoter iii whioh ho is extremely amusing. Mr. Augustus Glover, Mrs. Holt, and Miss Virginia Vivienno also holp in the presenta- tion of this piooo. " Taken from Lifo " wlU bo given for tho last timo on Saturday next, when Mr. Bland Holt's prosperous visit will oomo to an end. 0» Tuesday next, June 2, Mossrs. WiUiamson and Garner will commence their season at tho Theatre Boyal. Thoy will, as announcod long ago by us, open With the production, for tho first timo in this oify, of tho last of tho Gilbcrt- SuUivan comió operas. The oast will inoludo Mr. Winiam Elton,- Mr. Howard Vernon, Mr. Sydnoy Doane, Miss Flora Granpner, and Miss Violet Varley, among artists well-known hero ; and Miss Elsio Cameron, Miss Florence Young, and Mr. Charles Byloy, who oro new to us. In addition, Mr., Henry Braoy, who is the stage director of tho, company, will mako a wolcomo ro-appoarance hero, in the tenor part. "Siheiua " continues to attraot large audionoes to Hor Majosty'a Theatre, but Mr. Bartlpy Camp boU'a interesting and well-acted drama will not bo played after Friday next. Mr. Bignold will, on Saturday, by arrangomont with Messrs. Mac- mahon, stage "Tho County Fair" for the first timo in AustraUa. This four - aot pieoo has had a wonderful oaroer of suc- cess in America, thanks, in, no small degree, to a racing scene whioh displays a novol and most exciting effect. This soono reaUsos for tho first time on tho stage tho startling spcotaclo of an actual raoo run for a full mile by speoiaUy trained horses, at record spood. Tho soono, it may anticipated, will moko a great hit, and it has been' wisely kopt by tho dramatist until tho last act of tho play. The material for the ingenious mechanical portion of tho soono has beon imported from Amorica by Messrs. Macmahon.' These managers havo also brought out Mr. Frank J. Currier, who has an intimate acquaintance with the comedy in the United States, to superintend tho production. Two othor Americans, Miss Sadie Stringham and Miss Virginia Earl, wiU also ap- pear for tho first timo in Sydnoy on Saturday in " The County Fair." "Jane," tho olever, faroieal piece by Mossrs. Harry Nioholls and W. Lestocq, has been witnessod at tho Criterion by orowdod and delighted audiences since Saturday last. This amusing piece bids fair to prove .one. of tho greatest of Messrs. Brough and Bpuoioault's successes. , It is preoodod by Mr. Eulo Norwood's entertainingcomodiotta "Hook and Eye," which should be seen if only for tho sake of Mrs, Brough's pleasant acting. The Garriok Theatre has also boon largely attendod during tho last two nights. Miss Janot Aohuroh's powerful and impressive impersonation of Stephanie do Mohrivnrt wiU inorease her reputa- tion as an actress of unusual abiUty. " Forgot - Mo-Not " is a strong, orisp, norvous drama, and it gains in acting, thanks to Miss Aohurch und hor companions. Tiru hooring of Equity appoals was resumed before tho FuU Court yesterday when arguments in tho part-heard case of Camoron v. Cameron wero procoodod with and concluded. The plaintiff, in his statement of claim, asked for a deoroe that ho was the owner of a conditional purchase of 320 acres in the county of Miteholl, parish of Mundowie ; but his appUoation was dismissed, and ho is now appealing. Judgment was reserved. Tua inquost into the cironmstanoes oonneoted with tho death of Bobort Bortram, the engino drivor who, on Thursday lost, was killed in a ooUi Bion hotween two engines at tho southern ond of tho Redfern tunnel, was continued in tho Coroner's Court yostorday. George Courtman, signalman in tho tunnol box, waa oxamined at groat length. His ovidenoo showed that tho driver of tho " light " engine 420 received orders from him whioh had tho offoot of sending tho locomotivo along Uno 61. Taking an answer given by a telophono boy that tho points wore in tho proper position for thd Evoloigh Uno Courtman allowed tho engino to procnod. Tho points, however, wero wrong, and the result was tho collision. His Honor Mr. Justioo Windoyor sat in divoroo yesterday, when in addition to sorrio formal matters, ovidonco was taken upon an appUoation by PriscUla Agatha Hardwioko, who is suing for dissolution of her marriage with Georgo Honry James Hardwioko, for the custody of hor two young children. Thn coan waa not oonoludod, To-day tho sittings iu Divoroo will commonco. On Friday lost an application was modo in Chambers on behalf of Josoph FarroU and Charles EUiott, who wero sentenced rccontly at Nowtown to a term of imprisonment on a ohargo of froquont ing King-strcot, Nowtown, with intent to commit a folony, for a prohibition to sot asido tho convic- tion in oaoh case. A numbor of toohnical points wore reliod upon, and tho most important wero that tho prisoners wore improporly ohnrged jointly instead of separately, and that thora was no ovidonco to show that thoy wore frequenting King-street within tho meaning of the Aot. With regard to the first point, Mr. Justioo Foster yostorday said that prisoners wero not ohargod jointly, though thoy woro no doubt triod together-a oourso which might give rise to inconvonionco, and which was in most oiroura stanoos objectionable. As to whether tho prisoners were frequenting King-street, ho considered that thoro was suffleiont ovidonco of that, as thoy woro Boon on several occasions among tho pooplo who woro congregated in a partioular part of the street, and woro, to adopt an oxprossion usod during tho argument, " hanging about " tho placo. Tho application waa dismissed, with costs. TnsnE aro at presont on exhibition at 73 Livor pool-Btroot some improvements that havo hoon mtiJ.i in boot and shoe making machinery. Thoy consist of a set of " wolt "-sowing and Bolo-stitch ing maohinos, patented and manufactured by tho Goodyoar International Shoo Maohinory Company of Boston, TJ.S.A. Mr. FránoiB Abigail, M.L.A., has ' the solo agonoy, and at liis invita tion a considerable numbor of gontlomon interested in tho boot trado inspected tho machines yostorday afternoon whilo in operation. Thoy aro maohinos of groat ingenuity, and thoir work created a vory favourable impression among those presont, among whom woro representatives of tho firms of Turnor Brothers, Hyde and Co., M'Evoy and Sons, G. Graham, T. Day, S. Harpor, G. C. Taylor, and Davenport and Sons. Tho " wolt " mnoliino riakee abont four Btitohos to tho inoh, and will turn out botwoon 350 and 400 pairs of boots por day. Tho outsolo stitching machino makes 12 to 16 stitohes tothoisch, and wiU complete 175 to 200 pairs por day. The two maohinos wül do work in a minute and a quarter that whioh a nkilf ul man would take two hours and a half to accompUsh by hand. No nails aro loft in the solos, and tho insolo is claimed to bo freo from all ridgos or othor causo of discomfort to the wearer, and in no ono point is thoro any apparent clifleronoo between a boot turned out by tho Goodyoar maohinos and ono modo by hand. Theso maohinos havo already boon introduced in Melbourne, and tho Bootmakers' Union thoro has approvod of thoir uso, as thoy aro easier on tho workmen than the old style. Over 1500 of theso machines aro in uso in the United States, and about 100 in England, where they have only hoon introduced within the last two yoars. Timor/on tho kindness of tho house committoo, tho children of the Randwiok Asylum onjoyod on nbundanco of roast boof, plum pudding, ginger beer, fruit, &o.;, on Queen's Birthday. All'tho details in connection therewith wore succossf ully carried out by tho matron, Miss Wardle. Before' dinnor a stanza of tho National Anthem was sung, and ohoora wore given for the Queen. On Sunday evening, when the possongors were landing from the Gordon-streot ferry, Balmain, a little girl, about U years of ago, fell into the water. Captain M'Kinnon jumped in after her. As it was dark, ho had somo diffioulty in resouing the child. The young man, William Irvin, 30 yoarsof ago, who was admitted to tho Sydney Hospital on Friday last suffering from paralysis of tho lowor limbs, oaused by boing crushed between two carts, died in tho Sydnoy Hospital yesterday. ' WinxK lighting a fire in tho cookhouso at tho Randwick Racecourse yosterday morning, a cook named William Horan, in tho employ of Mr. Foster, caterer, noticed that the chimney would not "draw" wall. Thinking Bomothing was amiss, Horan oxtinguishod the fire and lookod up tho ohimnoy. Thora he saw a man jambed in tho fiuo with his feet downwords, und quite motionloss. Horan immediately raised an alarm, and soon sovo ral mon wore prosont to render assistance. On a olosor examination it was found that tho man was quite dead. Stops wore thon taken to remove tho bodyj and after Boveral hours' work tho task was accomplished, and tho body takon to the South Sydnoy Morgue to await identification. Tho body appears to be that of a man of between 30 and 40 years of ago, of the vagrant class, 6ft. 7in. high, of fair oomploxion, and thin features. The hair is short and of a dark brown colour ; bluo oyes, two tooth missing from the front of tho upper jaw, ond the body fairly well nourished ; dressed in dark moloskin trousers, white shirt and singlot, brown ootton Boolcs, and looe-up boots. Tho vost ond the dotting wore found on tho roadway near the building, and oonsisted of a bino diagonal ooat and vost and brown hat, white shirt collar, and a spotted satin necktie How the man got into tile position boforo montionod is not known ; but it is presumed that ho was attempting to rob tho placo, as ho was soon "hanging about " in the violnity during the wholo of tho previous day. Tho man must bavo booome fixed in tho ohimnoy as he was passing down ; and as the fine was hot ho must havo been Buffooated by the heat and soot. Whon the clothing was searched the sum of 1b was found, also a notebook with several betting transactions noted. Ají arrest has boon made in connection with tile 'seizure of tho contents of n baker's oart by a num- ber of tho unemployed in Crown-strcot on Monday. Michael Healy, ono of the loaders of the unem- ployed, described as boing of no oooupation, was yesterday brought up at tho Water Polioo Court, charged with having been oonoornod with others in Btealing about 48 loavos of brood, valuod at 14s 5d. Ho was remanded, bail boing allowed" in his own recognuanco of £50 and ono surety of n Uko amount. An organ rocital will bo givon to-nightat St. Paul's, Burwood, by Mr. Joseph Massoy, organist of St. Thomas' Church, St. Leonards. By spocial request Mr. Mnssoy will repeat Lommon's grand fantasia. "Tho Storm." The rocital to-night will be tho last of the present series. The Pormonont Artillery Band, under the direction of Bandmaster Dovery, will perform in the Botanio Gardons this afternoon, weataor permitting. The report for tho weok endod May 26 of tho numbor of pauper patients undor troannont in tho metropolitan hospitals at the Qovernmont exponso is as follows:-Coast Hospital: Admissions, 38; dis- charges, 31 ; doaths, 2 ; numbor remaining, 205. Sydney Hospital: Admissions, 15; disohargos, 14; deaths, 2; numbor romaiuirig, 66. Moorclilt Eyo Hospital : Admissions, 4 ; dischargos, 6 ; num- ber remaining, 36. Prince Alfred Hospital : Ad- missions, 8 ; dischargos, 11 ; death, 1 ; numbor remaining, 60. The report for tho weok ended May 16 of the num- ber of pauper patients undor treatment in tho Metro- politan Hospitals at the Govornmont oxpenso is as follows :-Coast Hospita].-Admitted, 21 males, 15 females; discharged, 10 malos, 8 fomnlos, doath, 1 femalo ; numbor remaining, 139 malos, 61 fomoles. Sydney Hospital.-Admitted, 11 males, 11 females ; discharged, 6 males, 6 females ; number remaining, 34 males, 33 fomnlos. Mooroliff Eye Hospital.-Ad- mitted, 6 males ; discharged, 6 mules, 3 females ; number remaining, 27 molos, 11 femalos. Prince Alfred Hospital-Admitted, 11 males, 4 females ; dis- charged, 7 males, 3 fomnlos ; deaths, 3 malos, 1 female ; numbor remaining, 44 males, 20 females. 