Coe &$mtç Conting Straft* FRIDAY, OCTOBER 2, 1891. -" THE details of the suicide of Général Boulanger show that ho drove to the cemetery at Brussels, and after scattering flowers on the tomb of Madame Bonnemain, suddenly drew a revolver, presented it at his temple, and fired. Death was instantaneous. General Boulanger had been inconsolable since the death of Madame Bonnemain, from whom he inherited a largo fortune. A blood-stained photo- graph of Madame Bonnomain was found next his heart, HE has left a political will, urging the Revolu- tionist to persevere in their programme. TUB commenta of tho Paris press aro half gonor ous and half contemptuous in tono. TWENTY-FIVE MiiaMON Russians aro unable lo pay tkoir taxes. Tun Admiralty intends to strengthen H.M.8. Bonbow's 110-ton gnus, which woro recontly reported to bo defective. THE Tintes states that the Russian loan will bo offered at a minimum of about 80. Tim St. Petersburg somi-oflloial journal, Novoe Vt'emya, says that England had botter not interfere nt Pamir, on tho Afghan frontier, where Captain Younghusband, a British officer, is reported to have boon murdered, unless she desires war. YIELDINO to pressure tho Right Hon. H. E. Childers, M.P. for Edinburgh South, has con- sented to hold his seat until tho general election. THE Chinóse Ambassador in Paris has informed M. Ribot, Minister of Foreign Affairs, that tho Chineso Governor at Wuhu, where severe anti-, European rioting lately took place, has boon dis- missed from his poät ia accordance with the de- mands of tho Powers, THE visiblo supply of American wheat is esti- mated to bo 34,900,000 bushels. THB Freehold Trust Company of Australia, Limited, has declared a dividond of 10 per cent., and carried £4000 to reserve. LAST night General Booth left for Brisbane by the Northern express train. AT tlio Quarter Sessions yesterday a man named ThomaB Mooro was soutenccd to threo years' penal servitudo for stealing a horso, a cart, a set of harness, and 50 loaves of broad. IK tho district of Lismore thero is an cpidomio amongst hort.es, and numerous deaths havo occurred. Tho discaso is now to the district. AT tho Central Polioo Court yesterday, James Greenwood, Georgo "Wilson, nnd John Aloxandcr were each fined £10 for having loitered on the streets in connection with totalisators. AT the TVator Polioo Court yesterday Horbort Miller was fined £20 and cost« for having allowed his place of business in Riley and Oxford streets to bo used by Julius Meyers for money beinfj laid on a doublo, in contravention of tho* Botting Houses Suppression Aot. ^ Tim Government Statistician has issued a sorics of tables of statistics concerning the progress of the Australasian colonies, particulars of which appear olsowhoro. AN inquest was initiated at Newcastle yesterday touching the death of Georgo Cockroft, the fire- man who was killed in the railway accident near Teralba. No evidence was adduced to show the cause of the disaster, and the inquiry was ad- journed. THE line at the scene of the accident was com- pletely cleared by 7 a.m. yesterday, and traffic was resumed. The tender is still down the bank, and the engine is standing on its wheels quite clear of tho line. Tire NOW Zealand Customs revenue for tho six months of the prcsont financial year showB a surplus of £21,000 over tho ostimato. Mn. J. CHBIBTUN TOXWOOD, the Danish Consul at Wellington, dropped dead in the street on "Wed- nesday night. YESTEIIDAY tho dotootivo police arrested a married woman named Catherine Mary Agnes Johnson on a ohargo that being an adjudicated insolvent she did leave the colony of Queensland with £172, the proporty of hor creditors, in hor possession. TIIE Queensland gunboat Gayunoh has been placod in reservo and 26 men havo boon paid off. THE Queensland Customs revonuo for tho quar- ter ondod September 30 amounted to £199,583, being a decrease of £42,929 as compared with the corresponding period of tho provious year. A DKruTAnoN °u behalf of tho Brisbane unem- ployed waited on Sir Samuol Griffith yesterday, and represented that thoy wero unablo to get work, and many mon and women wero simply starving. Sir Samuol Griffith said that his information was that thero was plenty of work in tho country, and the Government would give tho mon every possible facility to reaoh it. THE Orient liner Lusitania arrived yesterday ?upon what is probably her last voyage to Sydnoy, as her place on tho Australian line is to bo taken by the Austral. TUB Port Victor arrived yesterday afternoon direot from London. On her last voyage home she took 13,000 cases of Tasmanian apples, and as thoy arrived in splendid order and sold well, further shipments are to bo made next season on a much larger scalo. YESTEBDAY was tho first day of tho entry of the Australasian colonies into tie Univorsal Postal XJniou. TIIE South Australian health officer has been notifiod that thero aro six oases of typhoid fever on one of tho vosselB of the squadron. Arrangements have boon made for tho removal of the patients on their arrival at Adolaido. INSPEOTOB MACKAY, of No. 2 Police Division, rotirod from duty yesterday after a term of 34 years' service. Before leaving the station ho was presented by the officers and mon of the division with an illuminated address and gold a chain and locket. I» tho Legislative Council yesterday tho Work- men's Combination Laws Declaration Bill was rejected by 22 votes to 3. i TOE revenue of tho United Kingdom for the past quarter amounts to £20)000,000. ME. J. "VV. LOWTHEB, tho Conservative member for tho Ponrifh division of Cumberland, has been appointed to suooeod Sir James Fergusson as Poli- tical Secretary to the Foreign Office. THE Female Employees' Union is ondeavouring to establish a laundry on oo- operative basis, in connection with tho strike of laundrossos at Pyr- mont. AT a mooting; of tho depositors of the Sydney Pormanent Freehold Land and Building Society, hold yesterday, a vote of oonfldenoe in the directors was unanimously oarried, and thoy were recom raondod to take such stops as they might deem expedient in the interests of the depositors and shareholders. IN the Legislative Assembly last night the Re- distribution of Seats Bill was read the second time by 7D votes to 11, and was taken into committee. IN the Victorian Legislative Assembly yester- day tho Constitution Amendment Bill waa read tho second timo by 39 votes to 13. THE Victorian Castoras net revenue far lut mate, and a dooreoso on the revenue of the corre- sponding month of tho previous year of £42,2397 * OWINQ to tho critical state of his sister, Sir Honry Parkes has found it necessary to abandon his intondod visit to Nowra. ' Du. SINGLETON, tho well-known philanthropwt, diod ut his residonco in East Molbourno on "Wed- nesday night. TUE Customs rcooipts for the month of Septem- ber amounted to £10J,890. Tho amount receivod yesterday was £13,098. Tho comparative faoility with, which the Eodistribution of Scats Bill has passed the second reading docs not afford any indica- tion of tho rapidity with which it will pass tho silbsoquont stago. It is recog- nised that the princijilo of a mea- suro is accepted in its second roading, but from tho constitution of this bill, tho principio which is tho crux of tho whole measure has boon folded up and put away in the schedule ; and around tho delimitation of the new electorates the struggle is likely to bo centred. Por tho most important olomont in tho moasure is not tho division of the colony into electorates, each return- ing a single mombor, but it is tho division of the doctors of the colony as far as possible into constituonoios numerically equal. It is this that makes it collateral to the Electoral Bill, with its ono man ono vote provision, and without such an equalisation as is hore intended, in the voting power of electorates, the apparent equalisation of tho individual roto would bo a nullity. Indeed the principio involved in tho ono man ono voto provision could bo probably as fully carried out oven though somo electorates returned iour members, while othors roturned but ono each, pro- vided only thnt the number of voters included in the electorate preserved tho same proportion to tho inombors roturnod by it. At all events, the more creation of singlo- momborod electorates is not tho moro important pait of tho bill, in viow of tho intention of giving equal electoral powors to all the doctors of the colony. And though tho Houso is supposed to havo accepted the principle of tilo bill, it has all its work boforo it. It is understood that tho measuro con -templates as nearly as possiblo an oqual number of voters in every doctorate, and though this is not oxprossly stated in the bill itself, the stand which Ministers have taken against any advocacy of a different principle shows that this will bo maintained as an essential. An offort has boon made to make a distinction betwoon tho claims of town and country in respect of repre- sentation, and to maintain that country constituencies, from the sparseness of sottlomont, dovoloping less electoral vitality, should bo favoured with a larger proportion of representation, as against the town and metro- politan electors, who, as ono honorable member asserted, could exercise prepon- derating political influence even if thojr had no representativo in the Assembly at all. It seems curious to find such a principio advocated by somo who poso as the high priests of tho religion of ono man one vote. For such a courso as this would bo the absoluto antithesis of the principle of equal voting, and would bo tantamount to ono man one vote in the town, and one man two votes if an elector chose to reside in tho country. It is truo that in tho sister colony of Victoria, which, is credited with advanced thought on the lines of demo- cracy, such a distinction exists, and seven electors in tho country have doctoral powers oqual to thoso of ten electors in the town. But anomalies such as thiB can no longer exist now that wo have accepted the principle of absolute equality embodied in the pro- vision of evory man having a single vote ; and to give an extra voting power to rosi denco in tho country would bo at loast as inconsistent as giving an additional voto to a freehold or leasehold qualification. But, apart from tho inconsistency of such a proposal with tho new reform, the dis- tinction in favour of rural elootorates is reasonless. On the basis of manhood, an urban resident is surely as good as a dweller in the country ; and on the basis of contributions to the State in taxation, or tho possession or dispensing of wealth, ho is at loast not his inferior. And if we consider the ex- penditure of public money in town and country-whoncesoever tho representatives come that guard the interests of each -it is obvious that in public works the country gets the lion's share ; and as for the institutions located in metropolitan districts, thoy are not maintained there for tho city, but for the publio good. But this cry of country versus town is as unpatriotic as it is unreasonable, and it is espooiallyunsoemly to be raised in face of the recognised prin I ciple that tho manhood qualification is to givo the only right to voto. Some of the minor features of the ' bill havo been tho subjoct of dis- cussion. An nttompt was mado to roduco the numbor of members of tho Assembly to a hundred, Tho bill itself makes a deduction of five on the existing numbers, and in so far will give satis- faction ; but we venture to say that the country generally would havo boon botter pleased if the House had soon its way to the moro substantial re- duction to a hundred. But such a proposal, if really meant, had littlo prospect of acceptance. Honorable members have a not unnatural reluctance to cutting away the ground from under their own foot, and wo must bo contont with seeing that a limit is set to the inorea^e of members, rather than hopo for tho patriotic prospect of politicians doing what to some of thom would be political suicido. A fear was expressed that the diminution of numbers would facilitate the formation of cliques and caucuses in Parliament, to the detri- ment of tho publio interest. But the danger of this is not so great as the evil done in a hundred and forty mem- bers attempting to pour independent light on every question brought before them ; and tliia resulting not in the intelligent furtherance of publio business, but in idle iteration and interminable loquaoity. Tho moasure has nothing in- tended as an equivalent to what is known as the " expansive clause," under which the number of membors should increase with the growth of constituents. This of iteolf is a gain, although it is to be regretted that thore is no automatic principle in tho bill by which it could adjust itself to the changing droumstnnces of the colony. Eecurrent legislation for redistributing electorates will be a vexatious thing, and to be avoided if that wore possible ; but it is difficult to see how any satisfactory system could be fixed for meeting the con- ditions of a migratory and over-varying population without involving tho possi- bility of increasing the numbor of mem- bers. If that is to be avoided there sooms nothing for it but a periodical revision of boundaries, for which the_ basis will' be found in the dividend obtained by dividing the number of the population or the oloctors of the colony, by tho numbor of members fixed as consti- tuting tho Assembly. Injustice moro or less may bo done to some dis- trict« in the intervals; but the system is not ideally perfeot, awl the colony must faotorily.. But the main difficulty in the bill is still in hand, in the' ___ng~ oï tho bounds of tho elootorates so as to include, as near as moy be, an equal number of electors in each: It will task the patriotism of honorable mombors, and offer strong temptation to what is known to our cousins in Amorica as gerrymandering:. The whole adjustment hasnodoubt boon thoughtfully and carefully worked out, and, as it is understood, by un- biassed officers on arithmetical, topogra- phical, and non-politioal principles. If it is fairly roasonablo it would _ be a duty to accept the delimita- tion as it is ; for it is obvious that tampering with one boundary will necessitate tho adjustment of ono after another throughout. It is a matter tliis on which tho Government should talco a stand from the first ; for it will be something after the fashion of a row of bricks-if one goes, the rest will como down with a run. The presence of General Booth in Sydney has been a social fact of unusual impressiveness. Often the coming of an eminent man has a disillusionising effect, and the ideal formed is marred or wholly dissipated by the reality. The leader of the Salvation Army has not disappointed those who were looking for his coming, whether they were of his own people or the general public, whose curiosity had been whetted to know what manner of man he was. It is indisputable that the minds of the people have been pro- foundly moved ; and the cause of the Salvation Army has not suffered but gained by the visit. He may not be successful in some of the principal objects of his mission to Australia ; but no one can fail to be impressed with the sincerity of his convictions, the earnestness of his zeal, and his force of character, as well as the directness and practical business sagacity with which he goes straight for the object that he has in view. His faith in humanity helps him a long way towards the removing of mountains of difficulty, but there is a business tact in his methods that wonderfully smoothes the way. Goneral BOOTH has one rare secret of success in possessing within himsolf not only the creative but the executive power. We are told that in the multitude of counsellors there is safety, but from the developments of humanity that have taken place since that was uttered, experience tells us that there is in it also much of folly and confusion, and conse- quent danger. Many a noble scheme is shattered now by divided counsels, and while it is the fashion of the age to entrust the doing of every- thing to a blend of many minds, the founder and chief of the Salvation Army has shown that one clear head, one firm will, and one steady hand constitute the trinity that may best conduct such a com- plex thing as a great social reform. In General BOOTH we see not only a singular knowledge of human nature run to weeds, but a subtle skill in selecting what to others would seem the most unlikely methods for reclaiming it. But at the bottom of all, and a principal factor in his phenomenal success, has been a strong personality which has proved itself in con- trolling and guiding the incongruous ele- ments of his great army. The leader of the Salvationists does not profess that his " religion of humanity " is a new religion ; indeed, in its twofold aspect - of having to do with the ameliora- tion of the conditions of this life, as well as preparing for that which is to come - it might be thought to bear a closer resem- blance than some modern forms of religious activity to tho old-time descriptions of " pure and undefiled religion," which was said to be to visit the fatherless and widows in their affliction, as well as to keep oneself unspotted from the world. The generous humanitarianism which is becoming so largely characteristic of the spirit of the age - while a reaction against the cold and selfish individualism in religion which sought mainly after its own personal edification - is really a revival of the true spirit of primitive Christianity. And General BOOTH and his followers, in try- ing to feed and clothe the millions of outcast London, are acting entirely in the humane spirit of the Founder of the Church, who felt compassion for the multitude because they hungered. And there is something, too, that appeals strongly to the practical sense of the age, in this looking after the physical and spiritual well-being of the heathen and the wretched of our own city slums, as well as sending to far-off lands to ameliorate the condition of those who sometimes owe their special attractions to the romantic haze of distance. The work of General BOOTH is directed to man's dual nature, to benefit body as well as soul. The latter sphere of operation we need not here discuss, for it is under- stood that the mission of General BOOTH to Australia is mainly in connection with his scheme for helping to raise the " sub- merged tenth," and relieve the terrible destitution under which vast masses of the population are suffering in England. With such a noble object every right minded citizen of Australia cannot fail to sincerely sympathise, even though we may not think that Australia may be the most likely outlet from " Darkest England." A question like this has many aspects, and the humanitarian is only one of them. We venture to think that a short residence in Australia will convince General BOOTH himself that there are political as well as othor considerations that may raise difficulties to his scheme of over-sea colonisation in these colonies such as do not exist elsewhere. Many causes have con- tributed to a special sensitiveness of feeling in relation to the introduction of questionable classes of immigrants into Australia ; and obser- vation will tell him that political power is so located here, that effective re- sistance could be offered with facility to any form of immigration, and more parti- cularly to such a form as might threaten to lower the charactor of our social life. It is true that General BOOTH does not mean to include tho criminal or pauper class among those he proposes to settle ; and it is in- tended that those selected shall pass through a period of probation and training at home before they are placed in colonial fields. But in the contracts formed by him with his emigrants, and in the arrangements and conditions necessary to maintain these settlement communities, he will find him- self confronted with innumerable difficul- ties. We are a people given to agitation and erratic legislation ; and even were General BOOTH to overcome initial difficul- ties in settlement, there would be an un- certainty attaching to the probabilities of ultimate success that would make the enterprise hardly worth the trouble. Should he desire any special legislation with the object oí validating and enforcing his con- tracts, he would find the spirit of the country opposed to it ; while the mere suspicion that his immigrants, who had been con- fessedly misfits and failures at home, might become - themselves or their descendants a burden on the country, would be suffi- cient to raise against their introduction a pretty general resistance. As to the possi- bility of converting many of the desti- tute and outcasts of English social life into industrious and useful colonists by a system of continued paternal care and assistance, there need not be a question. But the atmosphere of colonial life would have a dissipating effect on these little protected communities ; and the conductors of the settlements would not have it in their power, however much they might desire it, to keep the units from drifting away into the general community. It is bocause experience of colonial life has conveyed to colonists the conscious belief that this would be inevitable that they doubt the feasibility of moulding these settlements after the fashion intended by General Booth. Those communities, as communities, could not possibly be kept together under the conditions inseparable from colonial life in Australia; and if such dispersion occurred, the presence of those elements scattered through society might convey a taint to social life and seriously embarrass and confuse industrial relations. We can readily understand how under more favourable conditions such settle- ments as those proposed could become a success. Take, for example, some of those magnificent territories that have been long held, or recently brought, under the British Crown in Southern Africa. There, under a climate unsur- passed, with fertile soil, well watered, and in every way adapted to the support of a large population, such settlements might be formed. Away from the disturbing influences of an intense political life, self dependent, self- reliant, and capable of being moulded exactly as desired, such settlements might afford high promise of success. But trained as Australia has been to guard the precincts against convicts, Chinamen, Kanakas, Coolies, paupers, and the like, the temper of the colonial mind will not be found favourable to the inclu- sion of an " unknown quantity " like this, the success oí which would be highly pro- blematical, and its failure a social and national disaster. The Mayorwas quite correct whon ho said yesterday that the question oi the condition of tho woodca blocks of tho city was of too important a naturo to be dealt with off- hand. And in accepting a suggestion that tho City Surveyor should roport on the ndvisablcnosk of taking up and relaying tho blocks, ho was only aoting in accord with tho necessities of the ease. The wholo quostion of tho woodon blocks requires to ,bo looked into. Alderman JEAJTOERET spoko with literal accuracy whon ho said that the traffic of vehicles oVêr the uneven blocks caused a great noise, whioh'was very distracting and iiri tating to evoryono within hearing of it. Ho might havo gone furthor, and said that tho jolting of vellidos was rory uncom fortablo to tho passengers. And it may also bo stated that in wot woathor the blocks are oxlromolyslippery, eauBÙighorses to tall with 'far too great frequency. In parts of tho city tho stieets aro very bad indeod. And if, on tho whole, tho cost of ropairs is not so groat as that of maintain- ing macadamised roads, tho oxponse of watering and othorwiso keeping thom clean is very considerable. The wooden blocks have by no moans como up to the expectations ' that wero formed of them. It will thorcforo be woll, before any largo oxpondituro bo made on them, that some report as ti their condition should bo givon by thoi City Surveyor. The mattor is also important from another point of view. Thoso blocks woro expocted to last for many yenis, and it will be well to ascer- tain wkethei, after some years' wear, tho presont indications warrant thoso anticipa- tions. This is a point of groat moment to the city, foi if the blocks aro 'not likoly to last so long as provided for, the sinking fund for tho redemption of tho loan may bo inadequate. To this subject we called attention some yoars back, expressing doubt at tho time as to whether the blocks would wear so long as was thought. If it is found that thoy aro now going to decay moro rapidly, it will bo incumbent on tho Council to enlarge its sinking fund, or make other financial arrangements for the renewal of tho road- ways at an earlier dato, othorwiso tho city will find itself saddled with a debt for work which ought to be paid for out of current rovenuo. For many reasons it is important that tho question of the wooden blocks should have early and full recon- sideration. Tho carser of G-onernl BOULANGER of late years has been ono of startling and dramatic surprises, and his sensational exit as now announced by cable sooms a fitting close to such an offorvescent rocoid. So far as public interest in tho man was con- cerned, it has been extinct long sinco. For a whilo it appeared quite within tho pro- babilities that BOULANGER would ro-onact the ralo i of tho first NAPOLEON, or porhaps of General MONK. But those achievements would have required a powerful personal character, or a lofty standard of loyalty to what most obsorvers of tho trond of history aro agread is a lost causo ; and le Irav' Gcmral was incapable of oither. Thero was too nuch of the tableau-horo abrut Mm, and too littlo of the soldier of fortune. Ho was a bourgeois soldier, and emphatically a product of tho age, whose characteristic is monoy-miking rather than chivalry. His intrigues with tho Eoyalist party wero probably as much inspired by a cr-ving tor thî gold of the Du^nesso D'TTZES as by any instinct of old fashioned, loyalty to or affoction for tho old regime ; and so far as his per- sonal ccurage was concerned, it was, porhaps, bettor attested by tho slender records ,of his early career, and his services in Algiers, Italy, Cochin China, and at Ohnmpigny, than by either lis duels or his flight before that disastrous official inquiry. Yet for a time ho Tas the idol of the Parisian popu- lace, whjdi cheorod him as heartily on his frequent appearances in public as it now applaudi tho rumoured alliancowith Itussia, Threo years ago it looked as if BouxANCEii was in a fair way to effect a similar oup to that of tho third NAPOLEON, I and by tho same means. He was returned I by enornous majorities at tho eloctions in 1888 for'|the departments of tho Dordogno and tht Nord, and thoro seemed every prospect thon and in tho following yoar of a large party of his followers being elected ' to follow him as occasion served. But tho official roport and tho gérerai oloction put an end to any prospect of that kind, and tho sub- sequent rovelations of M. MEMEEIX finally pricked the Boulanger bubble. Latterly, the Gonoral had dropped out of cognisaice of the newspapers altogether so far a» the outer world was concerned, - and it reeded a tragedy like that now an nounoei to awakon tho publio to a last I flicker of interest in one who owed his fame entirely to the war-fever, and the inex tinguisiable sentiment of tho revanche. Toa legislative Counoil had an extended and importar! sitting last night. Mr. Trlokott movod tho second loading of tho Legal Praotitionani Mi a meosuiB whioh has for its objoot the amalgam»« tion of tho legal profession. It was strongly opposed iy Mr. Pilcher, who movod the adjourn- ment of tho debato for a wook in ordor that til» Attorney-General and Sir Julian Salomon» mlgH bo presort. After somo disoussion, the lidjowt-» mont wis agreed to. Tho principal item of the ¡ evening was tho second raa&inf; fOllto Workmen's Combination ,JJ»WjJ>f<ä*H*tPi Bul, which is mainly intended to repeal a statute passed in the reign of George IV , and about whioh a great deal has boen said lately in connoohon with unionism and strikes Mr. Campbell, who was in obaige of tho bill, was not altogether happy in his explanation of tho policy of tho biU, or powerful in his advooaoy , hut Mr O'Connor not only con- demned it m a forcible spoeoh, but took the Government to ta_k for neglecting its duty by allowing the bill to pass through tho Assembly without protest Dr Garran followed on tho samo sido, and after two or three othor members had spoken an adjournment of the dobato was refused, and tho Honso negatived tho second roodrag of the bill by 22 to 3, tho minority being MosBrs Suttor, Campboll, and Steuart An indisoreet question nskod by Mr Schoy in the A?scmbly yesterday gavo tho î^omior a chanco todolivor a homily upon tho duties of Cml ser- vants in general, and publio school toaohors ni particular Mr Schoy, after bringing in tho name of a well-known offioial who is religiously inclined, .«anted to know whofchor Civil servants woro to bo allowed to " run " ohurohes Sir Henry did not soo what right the Government had to intorfcro with the religioiij'doings of ita sorvants, though ho admitted that the caso of Publio sohool teachers was different If, as Mr Schoy stated, fomalo pupil teachers had lately been forbidden to attend Salvation Armv scrviocs, then tue action of the Department was a good one Tho interests of the sohools had to be considered, and it wau obviously undesir ablo to allow toaohers to display too muoh enthusiasm Mr Carruthers, however, demod that his department had tabooed tho Sal- vation 6crviocs, and so the matter dropped Mr "Walker, whose cariosity with regard to tho Garden Palace grounds is still unsatisfied, recoivod a sovoro snub from the Premier Sir Henry positively de- clined to givo up the namo of tho lady who had appliod for tho uso of tho grounds for tho famous toa party hold on tho 22nd ultimo, and after this it is to be hoped tie Honso will hoar no more of the matter Mr Bruce Smith hav ing promised to moko his financial statement before tho end of tho month, Mr Cruickshank resumed the adjourned debato on the Scats Redis- tribution Bill The hon member proved to be a firm supporter of the bill, and orproäsod the hopo not only that the second reading might bo carried, but also that tho Government would refuse to allow any amondmonts to be mado in committee The electoral divisions had boen oarcfully mapped out by a Government officer, and if every member was to start tmkonug up tho olo- toral bound- aries of his district nothing but confusion could result S_v_BA_ minor speakers kept tho debato going for a fow minutos, until Mr Ditbs roso and severely criticised tho whole scheme of electoral reform Tho main point on vihioh Mr Dibbs dw elt was the necessity for reducing the sizo of the House Ono hundred members, he thought, would bo quito sufficient, and though he would Bupport the second reading of the bill, ho would endeavour to amend it in committee in this direction The boundaries of üio cleotoratoB would have to bo rovuod, and their number reduced from 136 to 100 Also, he intended to insist on a more equitable divuion of repre- sentation botwoen tho city and the ojuntry One man in tho country is, according to Mr Dibbs, worth Uo in tho city, and henoe hi argued that tlio country districts should have ono representa- tivo to ovcry 2000 voters, whilst m the city thoro Bhould bo only one to ovory 4000 "Whatwill become of the labour party thenP" interjected a mombor of tho third party , and the romark indicated pretty clearly tho attitude of tho labour end towards tho proposal How his theory was to bo reconcilol with the principle of manhood suffrago was not explained by tho leodor of the Opposi- tion, and Mr Roso, who followed, took advantago of the omission Ho portinently askod vihothor Mr Dibbs was going to abandon manhood suffrago, aud to sot up in ita placo an area quali- fication, or an agricultural suffrago A man was a man all tho samo, no matter whether ho roaidod in tho town or m tho country, and this boing the cuso had a right to a vote, and to nn equality in representation On the question of reducing tho number of membors, Mr Roso, howevor, carno into line with Mi Dibba Ho pointed out forcibly tho oviL. of the present lystom, thinling that tho enrso of loquaoity, which now aiHiots the Assombly, might bo diminished if tiiero were fewer mombors io keep tho talk going MAJÍY other members shnrod tho sarao fooling as to tho diminution of tho Assembly, andovon tho gentlemen who do most of the talking profossed symp .thy with tho idea Tho dobato, wluoh had now practically worn itsolf out, dragged on aim- lessly for an hour or so aftc. dmnor In reply- ing the Premier laughingly dealt with Mr Dibbs's outiusm of tho bill Ho doubted whothor a reduotion in tho number of membors would lead to a corresponding diminution in the nmount of verbiage It was a mistake to BuppOBs that largo numbors necessarily led to muoh talk As an oxample of this Sir Henry referred to tho House of Commons and tho American Senate Most of tho superfluous talk rame, as he pointed out, from somo dozen members, and unless those gontlemen could be got rid of, any rodnotion m tho sizo of tho Assombly would be unavailing As a matter of fact, the same wisby-waihy flow of talk would go on, with oven less opportunity for tho House to defeat it by the exorcise of its commonsonso as a wholo The Promior evidently had the House with him, for ho was licartdyohoerod as ho charged Mr Dibbs with tho promulgation of the fino old crusted Tory doo tnnes which prevailed bofore tho introduction of re- sponsible Government Ho oven likenod Kimo of tho leading Oppositionists to tho English Tones who io stoutly resisted tho passago of the finit Reform Bill The very langnago used was ahnest inden- tion!, Bald tho Premier, who did not spare tho Opposition Ho referred personally to sovoral gentlemen on thor other sido of tho Homo, and as theso representatives naturally objected, there was a choice interchange of epithets across tho table Coming back to tho bill itsolf, Sir Henry expressed himself entirely satisfied with the pro- posed division of tho colony into oleotoratos Tho work, ho thought, had been performed in a singu- larly happy and impartial manner, and dosorvod goneral approval, whilst the wholo Bohemo com- prised in tho t\\\ o hüls waa as truo and liberal a proposal for olootoial reform as had ever boon in- troduced The di\ ision on tho second realing cor tainly justified the hopoful tono of the Premier, for only 11 lnembcis could bo found to vote against tho bill, whilst 70 votod in its favour ENCOUBAQED by this significant expression of approval from the HOUBC, the Government at once took tho bdl into commlttoo The first rotk struck waa the number of meuibcrs to be contained in the Assembly, and Mr Dibbs moved au amend- ment reducing tho Chamber from 130 to 100 Mr Dibbs did not oousxler it necessary to moko a speech, tho matter lad boon fully threshed out during the second reading dobato Tho Premier followed the good example, and consented to go to a division at OLCO In spito, lion ov or, of this agreement between the two loddors, members woro not to bo denied thor eloou tionary rights Mr Soe oommone~' with a bnof address in favour of a small Assembly, and sovoral short spoeohes followed, tho amendment beinr finally negatived by an overwhelming majority cf 50 to 24 Tho names of tho 130 now electontes re- quired a good deal of attention, but as the Premier obligingly consented to tho titles being altered whenever required, the process was tedious rather than contentious Local interests wore invjived to a certain extent m this system of nomonilaturo, and tho alterations mado had mostly the oljeot of moro completely identifying tha now oloitoratos With tho localities lu whioh they aro Bituatol Tho Murray electorate, which has vanished from the map altogothor, gavo moro Iroublo than all tlo rest, Binco the membors fioin tim port of tho world had divergent ideas ns to tho proper names to bt given Bo much importance was attaohod to tins pout that a division was actually needed to decide vhothor Corowa should bo oallod Jortldone Tlio adrocates of Jcnldene oarricd the day by only oni voto, »nd tho name will be ohanged aooorlingly Tho Premier proposed, <m sound historical grounds, to alter the name of Botan} to " Sutherland " It appears that in tho far-away Captain Cook days a sailor named " Sutherland " lived, orrathor died His death confer-el upon lum the lonour of boing tho first whito mau buried in Amtraha, and Binco Botany was choson as the placo of Bepul tnro Sir Henry thonght tlio chango appropriate An a ¡ditional argument m favour of the alteration waa that it would servo to perpetuate tho nimo of a well-known and respected publio man The committee, howover, failed to seo matters In the same light, tho Premier's omondment was rolocted and the name of Botany will still continue to orna- ment our Statute Book SKVEBAI, othor divisions wero needed before the names could bo finally settled The thing at last degenerated into a legislative burlesque, und mombora, having nothing botter to do, made a joke of every proposal brought forward Names wore ?Wa. the most haphazard way, without any mmmt »»Ma. j« fert»^ ft, "gboni. o.ia nativo -..H- ? r' ' ííh-r -n-i" iras abandoned, und ila ««-».«ir-'Ui'.e'j " ü;.vt-i!onnd ing word "Bul J" t> JJ«IH i'-oJ. '¿ r« in spite oi the oiroumstanco thut l..o -Jiavi turu oi^ou)rato is not at prosont represented in the House, owing to tho foot that the lato members of tho electorate have had to submit themselves for re-rleotion. Whon tho metropolitan diutxii.t was reached, some objection was laisod to one of tho divisions of Sydnoy being named after the late Governor, Lord Carrington. Thin at onco brought the pseudo domooii.ts to tho front, und p. good deal of oheap .'ap-trnp wa* mouthed, until the committee, by \ majority of 33 to IS, dciided to retain " Carrin,r*on " as tlio nutne of ono of tho new Sydney oloe'oral divisions. Theao attempts to cast a slur upon tlio character of LurJ 0 irrington brought out Mi Ooprianil, who wnimly <<efcnded the late Governc, and dtclaiol, from p'i . mai ox porionoo, tliat ti o colony iu»-i never bo -vshamod of having had this gentleman for its Governor. In thoooursoof the debute, willoh at tlaies was somewhat acrii ionioius, Urn unfortunate Mount Bennie oase wo i drngg.d iu, and fnrnichud mate- rial for muoh orus* comnvnt. Still another division was neodod to Jeiiide w'lotlicr tlio cleot'iral dis- tricts of Sydno/ should bo called di /¡«ona or not and as tho W' rd waa retaim'd, Sydney will in future havo 11 livisinns, t ach distinguish > d by the name of a forrai r Governor of th J colony. Tira introdm don of the name Fitzroy as tho designation of uno of tho divisions, ¡favo Mr. O'sullivan an ( piwrtuiuty of airing his historical knowledge. He failed to too that Governor Fitzroy had dona anything to justify this great honour, and sr.g'rc«tod tie substitution of tho namo of P>n j, This matter also required a division, and ^o the usóle n* waste of timo went on, 'I > i«iou after division being token over the most tri "'1 points. Kvcry Une received attention. For ).n*laucc, it was proposed to substitute the nauio of Deniolley for that of Brisbane, and Mat oi Laug for Co'ij.jr. Mr. Crick suggested thr.t tho Donison divi- sion Bhonld >1 lulled tho P.ns's divi- sion. The con.i uttto njiKcd willingly to tho omission' oí G-ovoruor Donison's n.imo, but refused to allow tho "ord " Purkcn "' tobi inserted, principally boonu." ii - H .Jroody atraohed to another cleotoratc t)r ij mp WOB su'eti utod, and the committee nrauimonsly agreed to the chango. It rofused, lion ever, to replaça Belmore by Boss. Tho simiofnto ii/mu. I an rttomptto put Captain Coo\ in the ph.ee "t 3'bnd. The list of Sydnoy clectoi.iwi Laving be« a tompiotod, the troublo was prutty i, eil over i fow cth ir names woro inserted, and lho titles of tlio 136 fleotorates of the colony i cr' anally'..'.tkd. Tlic Govern- ment did not alkipi togo niyfiut'ior with the bill, and the HOUKU rèjonraod. Sro HEWBY PALETS hid on tim labio of tho Assembly last night a lift of cu- itribuli. ns under the provisions of Die T\rc Bripidts Act, \/hieh had boen paid by the Govi ruiuont during i.h> past two years to fire brigado lionrdi m ronnfry towns. Tho following amount-, have been n coivod : Bathurst, £278 12s, Buiuke, £113 lßj, Denili- quin, £412s6d; Ghin Innci, £1S0 ; Goulburn, £333 6s 8d ; Hay, .-CP8 ¡7s Id ; Li-moie, £181 4s 8d ; Orango, £225 ; "Wctit Maitlaud, £218 ; and "Wollongong, £289 10s lOd. Tho total payments amount to £1890 8s 9d. EnraTTNO to Mr. Dibbs in the Legislativo As- sembly last night, Mr. Bruce Smith, tho Colonial Treasurer, promisod that the financial statement shall be delivered before the end of the ourront month. THE Minister for "Works laid on the tablo of the Logislativo Assombly last night a return respecting tho proposed railway to Parkes and Forbes. Under tho Act 44 Viotoria, No. 28, a Bum of £705,600 was appropriated for tho construction of a railway from Orango to near Forbes, via Molong. This appro- priation was resoinded by the Act 48 Victoria, No. 2(3, under whioh the vote was appropriated for tho construction of a line from Orange to Molong, via Borenore, and Borenore to Forbes, via Cudal. Tlio unexpended balnnco of £397,410 was appropriated towards the construction of a Uno of railway from Molong to Parkes and Forbes. Loans had boen negotiated under Acts 48 Viotoria, No. 20, and St Victoria, No. 33. The sum of £705,500 was appropriated under tho first-namod Aot,and of that sum£272,5G4 hud boon expended in the construction of the rail- way from Orango to Molong, via Borenore ; and for permanent surveys of all tho routes mentioned. Of the balance available out of the authorised ex- penditure £397,410 won not spent undor the Act 54 Vic, No. 33,' fur the line from Molong to Parkos and Forbes*. Tho Act nnmod included on appropriation of £397,410. Tins Minister for Publio "Works Btated in tho House last night that the railways in oourse of con- struction at the present time are Nyngan to Cobar, Culcairn to Corowa, Kiama to Nowra, Lismore to tho Tweed (part 1), and Milson's Point extension. Tenders have beon roooivod for Molong to Parkos and Forbos, sections 1 and 2, and Lismore to Tweed (part 2), and the acceptance of theso tenders is under consideration. The approximate cost of the now line now being tendered for is £90,250, and tho railway in question is from Marrickville to Burwood-road. IK reforonca to the establishment of irrigation, colonios on the Lachlan Rivor, Mr. Brunker in- formed the Logislativo Assembly last night that considerable areas of land have already boon reserved in suitable localities, in anticipation of a comprehensivo sohomo of water conservation and irrigation. The setting apart of such and similar aroas for the purposes of irrigation oolonios or village settlements would involve tho establish- ment of a polioy demanding mature consideration, and the quostion though informally discussed by some of the mombers of the Government, had not as yet been considered. TUB bill to amend the Government Railways Aot of 1888, in respect of oortiin contracta to be mode by tho Railway Commissioners, whioh is to bo in- troduced to the Legislative Assembly by the Premier noxt "Wednesday night, contains one clauso. This provides that after the passing of tho Aot tho Railway Commissioners of Now South Wales shall not outer into any contract, pursuant to the powers granted by the 47th section of tho Government Railways Aot of 1888, in any oase where suoh contract is for tho supply, oither directly or in direotly, from places outside of Now South "Wales, of materials, locomotives, onginos, or other motive or tractive powor, or of any other matter or thing, without tho consent of tho Governor. "WHEN the Assembly moots noxt Tuesday Mr. Chapman will ask tho Colonial Secretary if, in vipw of tho collapse whioh has taken place in con- nection with oertain financial institutions, the Government will consider the advisability of having a thorough inquiry made into the condition of tho various fire and Ufo insurance companies. OWINO to the critical state of his sister, Sir Henry Parkes has found it necessary at the last moment to abandon his promisod visit to Nowra. Tlio Ministor for "Works, Mr. J. H. Young, has consented to perform the publio oeremony whioh the Promior othorwiso would have porformod, and he will leavo tho oity with Mr. P. H. Morton, M.L.A., this morning. Tim arguments in tbo suit of "Woods v. "Wolseley wore concluded in tho Equity Court yesterday, and his Honor reserved judgment. In Proudfoot v. Dalgety, whiuh was tho noxt case, the point at issue is whether an order made by the Master in Equity should or should not bo varied. It ap- pears that plaintiffs, David Proudfoot (since deceased) and Georgo Proudfoot, brought a suit against Messrs. Dalgety and Co., who are tho mortgagees of plaintiffs' No. 7 contract for the Bondi sewer. His Honor mado a decree directing that accounts with respect to tho contract should be taken before tho Master. This was done, but the mortgagees also furnished accounts in reference to a fresh contraot whioh thoy had entered into with the Government for the construction of the outlet works. The plaintiffs contended that the accounts with -refer- ence to the fresh contract, having nothing to do with No. 7, could not be taken ; while tho defendants, on the other hand, sub- mitted that, as mortgagees in possession, thoy wero entitled to enter into the additional contract, whioh had, as they allege, resulted in a profit. The Master hold that the defendants were so entitled, and against this decision the plaintiff is now appealing. A portion of tho voluminous ovidonco taken before the Master was read, and the furthor hearing was adjourned until Mon- day. IN the District Court yesterday, Judge Back- house decided one or two undefended cases, and notions for sums undor £10 wore also taken. Al a special mooting of depositors in the Sydney Permanent Freehold, Land, and Building Society, held yesterday afternoon, in the Temperance Hall, and attended by olose on 1000 persons, representing different sections of tho community, Mr. J. F. Burns, on behalf of tho directorate, mode a statement showing the position of the sooioty and tho causes loading up to the suspension of paymont. This statement was considered to bo a gratifying one, and waa warmly re- ceived. _. Tho position of the sooioty wa» ahown/yb» tmnritBj «onad, and » baltooa sheet prejjarod Binoo the mi pwjsion showed a surplus bainuoo of £105,D70 18s 7d In »11 probo bihty biiem"«« will bo resumed, but before this is doue tho society will bo rogiotorcd under the Companies Act, tho provisions of tho IYiendly Sooioties Aot, under which it is at prosont regis- tered, being found oumborsomo and uiconvouiont The Australian Mutual Providont Socioty has mado offers of assistance IT was not intended that there should no any demonstration to mark tho doparturo of General Booth for Bnsbano last evening, BO thero wero only a very fow more thnn tho averago number of fnonds at the Redforn Station to see him off Tho energetic hoad of tho Salvation Army was accompanied on his journey north- ward by Colonol Nicoll and Adjutant Itutlnnd (his travelling secretaries), Commissioner Coombes, Colonel Ktlbov, Bngodior Rothwoll, M ijor Barrett, Major Peart, and Staff-captam Moi_ The train by wluoh tho party travollod loft punctually at 0 30 p m , and it BtoamcJ a-vay from tho plat- form without any special enthusiasm being dis- played Just before his doparturo General Booth oxprcssod himself as satisfied with tho con- dition in which ho had found the local oontingont of his anny, and said ho had no doubt it woidd, na tho result of his visit, bo strengthened and encouraged with the now hopo ho had givon to tho membors of it Ho had inquired into tho local administration, and had that morning v lsitcd tho Itescuo Homo in Wilson street and tho Prison Gate Bngado's quarters at Ashfield, with both of which ho had boon much pleosod Ho had been especially gratified with tho woik which the Prison Gate Bngudo oarriod on In tho courso of an ínterviow w hioh ho had had that morning with Sir Henry Parkes, tho pos- sibility of hil Boheme had boon discussed, and the constitution of society m tho colony had beou talked about Tlio Premier and tho General also com ersod on tho social and political movomouts m all parts of the oiviltsod world Spécial roforenco was mado to the state of affairs in Belgium, Ger- many, and tho United States Tho Gcueral ex- pects to be at Armidale on the 9th instant, at Nowcastlo on tho 10th and 11 th instant, at Bathurst on tho 13th lustant, and m Sydnoy again on the 14th instant On tho following doy ho will probably loavo for Now Zealand TEKT__DAT was the first day of tho entry of the Australasian colonies into tho Unnorsal Postal Union The Postmaster-General, to mark tho occasion, sent tho following congratulitory messago to the Director of tho International Bureau of tho Universal Postal Union, at Berno, and to tlio Post- master-General, London, namoly -"Am deeply gratified Australia at length enters Union, and trust our olosor postal relationship will provo mutually bénéficiai to all eoncornod " A SOTFici-vr time has now elapsed to afford somo criterion ns to the result, both as rogird» business and revenue, of the reduction in cable rates which was arranged for at the Postal and Tolognphio Conferenoo in tho early part of tins year Prom returns prepared in tho Telegraph Department it is found that during tho first four months of tho present year tho number of words sont over tho cables was 33,934, yielding a rovonuo of £18,MI 2s 3d Dunng the succeeding fivo months tho number of wor_8 amounted to 90,980, which yioldod a rovonuo of £17,510 2s 8d -, By last night'B tram Mr J Ednio BÏown, tho Director-Goneral of Toresta, loftSydnoy for Picton, and during to-day ho will inspect tlio wattlo plan- tation at Bargobrush About a year ago a con- siderable area of natural-grown wattles at this plaoo was talton in chargo by tho Torost Depart- ment Thinning and pruning operations followed, and tlio local forester reports that tho plantation now contains numorous wattles, the growth and bark of which havo boon greutly improv ed by this oaro and cultivation The work already done will bo inspected by Mr Brown to-day, and arrauge mont_ will, at the samo timo, bo mado for additional operations this season Tun Rnilway Commissioners have accepted the tenders of Mr J Ahern for tho erection ot station buildings at Burn ood and Croydon The contraot prices aro £4077 for Burwood and £4172 for tho buildings at Croydon Of Monday next tho Clovoland-slroot extension of tho tramway servioo will bo open for tho conve- nience of un oxpeoted influx of visitors into Sydnoy in connection with tho Eight-hour Day demon- stration TIIE Goneral Synod of tho Dioceses in Australia and Tasmania held its eighth sitting at tho Choptcr houso jestorday 'iho Bishops and other repre- sentatives bostowed further attention upon tho deter- mination whioh sot forth tho procoduro to bo ob- served in oonuoohon with tho olootion of Pruuato Tho outeoino of the deliberation of both parties was tho recasting of the moosuro so as to embody to some extent rights claimed by both tho diocoso of Sydney and tho bench of bishops The synod will meet again this afternoon THE steamship Port Viotor completed nnothor direot voyugo from London to Sydnoy yesterday, at an averago through speed of nearly 11 knots por hour The vessol is one of tho Anglo-Australasian line, better known m Australia as Mr Win Mil burn's Port lino, and less than a year ago was fitted up with rofrlgoratang machinery and insu- lated compartmonts for the conveyance of 800 tons of frozen meat It has been arranged tnat the steamer shall load frozen meat at Rockhampton this voyago, and this will bo her first cargo of that commodity Last trip tho cold ohambore woro filled with 13,000 coses of Tasmanian apploB, loaded at Hobart for London on May 8 last Tho fruit reached the English market m first-olass condition, andreolisod fair pnces One of the officers of the steamer Btatts that ho had a ease of tho apples a month after ho arrived at home, tho apples were then fine for oating Contracts havo been entered into with tho ownors of tho Port lmo to carry largo quantitios of fruit from Tasmania to London each season Like other prinoipal hues trading to those colonies, further additions aro being mado to tho fleet to whioh tho Port Victor belongs Captain C E Bird, R N R , who had chargo of the Port Viotor, romamod at homo this voyago to toko command of u new steamor, tho Port Albert, and the Port Chalmers IB tho nauio of a still now cr ship built for tho lino These steamers aro de- signed to carry o limited number of passengers, for whoso accommodation there aro prettily-furnished deckhouse cabins and Baloons, and the steamors' high ongine-powor ontitlcs thom to special attention in tho competition for cargoes requmng qmok ocean transit Tho Port Victor brought out two very fine pedigrco shorthorn bulls, imported by Mosers Goldsbrough, Mort, and Co, and they woro landed in good condition at tho cattle station, Bradley's Head, yostorday Tiru distribution of pnces won at tho Bpnng sports of tho Eastern Suburbs Amateur Athlotio Club took plaoo last ovoning m the Cambridge Club Hotel, Oxford-stroot Mr James Marks, M L A for Paddington, presided, and gave away tho prirea Mr W T Macpherson, a member of tho Ê S A A Club, waa awarded spécial medals for his performance in breaking tho Australasian records for tho 120, 200, and 220 janis Tho flint distance had been covered in 12 seconds, the second in 19 9-10, and tho third in 22 soconds It is understood that this crack amateur now intends to retiro from tho track Tho ohoinnon notified his intention of presenting a £5 fis trophy for tho opon quarter-nulo at the autumn sports Tho membors then participated in for a musioal ovoning Among those who contnbutcd songs woro Messrs Grey, Macpherson, Johnston, and Ritehio TUB last concert of tho winter sonoa of the " music-song-story " entertainments was hold last ovemng in St Matthias' Hall, Oxford-stroot, Paddington, before a largo audionce A FANCY bazaar arranged by tho lady workers connected with St Anilrow'B Cathedral was oponed in the Cathedral schoolroom yesterday by Miss Snowdon Smith Among thoso prosont wero Mrs Goo, Mrs Parry, and Mrs Stephen A largo number of people visited the bazaar during the afternoon and evening, and a fair amount of goods was disposed of The most strikingly attractive feature of tho show was undoubtedly the .Taponóse stall, presided over by Miss M L Sampson and Miss Anderson The stall contained a largo assortment of ounos and useful ornamente Tho flower stall m ohargo of Mrs Rutter looked very enhmng The other departments woro assigned as follows -Doll Btall, Mrs Road and Mrs Clapham, fancy goods, Miss Kenway, needlework, Miss Riloy, snowball stall, Mias Wood, refreshments, Miss Shnttlo worth, books and toys, Mrs Flood After tho bazaar hod boen declared opon Miss Snowdon Smith was presented with n baskot of flowers by Miss Maud Rutter Dunng tlio afternoon Madame Cecilia Summerhayes and Miss Gortio Summer- hayes gave a piano and violin duot, and in tho evening some musical selections woro givon TUB bazaar in the Exhibition Building, Pnnco Alfred Park, in aid of Chalmers Church, was brought to a termination last night So muoh of tho contents of the stalls had been sold that, oomparod with previous nights, tho budding looked rather boro , but, notwithstanding this, tho stallholders and their assistants pushod business to the utmost in the endeavour to oloar off everything before closing time. During the evening a Scotch ocnent w gtron, wup Jbdaf- omtebnted.ty various frimids. "-Tlio Highland Fling," daiicod by two little girls to tho music of the bagpipes, proved a very artniCtiïi feature, and waa loudly applauded. It is oxpeoted that the gross proccoda will amount to about £550, and after paying all expenses a sufficient amount will, it is thought, remuin to pay the dobt off tho church. THE annual salo of work in aid of St. Andrew's Church, Summer Hill, which wns opened on Tues- day by tlio Hon. J. H. Carruthers, was continuod, on "Woduesduy and yostcrdny with success. On Wednesday ovouing n promenade concert took placo, under tho direction of Mr. Albert Fishor. Tho nttondanco was largo, and the ohoioo programme of orchestral and vocal inuoio pretontod was much appreciated. " Tho Caliph of Bagd'id" (Boileau), and nu Italian danoo "Lutnno" (Boggotti), woro rendered by tlio orchestra. The ladies und gcntlo uion who contributed vocal or instrumental pieces wero Mrs. A. J. Gray, Misse» AVilshiro, Scotland, Chnpmnn, Morgan, Robinton, Fisher, Holloway, Borrie, King, Messrs. H. A. Smedloy, E. Stephen- son, 0. A. Flint, and tho pupils of Mr. Fishor. Yesterday evening musical selections woro givon by Mrs. A. J. Gray, Mr. and Mrs. Carl G. Mussmnn, and others. Tho local cadot band, undor Mr. Westbrook, has beou in attendnuco onoh ovoning, and amongst the attractions last night was a pretty exhibition of calisthenics by girls. , , TIIE Sydnoy Banjo and Guitar Society will givo iis first concert in tho Y. M. C. A. Hall this ovon- ing, when a programme, including both solo and. couoertod musió, will be presented, under the dirootion of Mr. F. R. Peel. ' , > ,. THE nttondanco at tho National Art Gallery, during tho mouthy of September was osiollows :, On 20 week days, 9340, nverngo 359 ;' on four Sundnys, 7501, average 1890 : total, 10,901. ,' YESTERDAY afternoon Detectives Roche and Goulder arrested a married woman on thecharge that, " she, being an adjudicated insolvent, did leave the colony of Queensland having in her pos- session the sum of £172 Is 6d, the property of her creditors." It is alleged that accused was some six weeks, ago adjudicated insol- vent at Brisbane, and she then disap- peared. A warrant was issued for her arrost. It was ascertained that the woman was in Sydney, and in ordor to forward matters Detective Toomoy, of Brisbane, who knew her, was sent to this oity to assist the local deteolives. Yesterday afternoon Detectives Roche and Goulder saw a woman answering the description of the person wantedl. They arrested her and took her to No. 1 Police Station, where she was identifiod by Deteotive Toomey. She was then formally ohargod, and on being searched a bank draft for £250 was found on her. The woman had also in her possession a steamer tioket for Melbourne, for which City she intended to «ail to-day. Acoused will be brought before the Water Police Court this morning. Insr-KOTOB MACKAY, of No. 2 station, after a term of 34 years' sorvico in tho polico forco, re- tired from duty yesterday. For 11 years ho had, been, first as sub-inspector and subsequently as inspoctor, in chnrgo of No. 2 Polico Division. As a mark of their esteem and goodwill the non-com- missioned officers nnd mon of tho station dutcrminod to make a presentation to him. Accordingly, yesterday afternoon, just ns Mr. Mackay was leaving ho was askod to step into the duty yard. Thero wero thero assembled tho majority of tho mon connected with the station. Dotoctivo Kcotingo in a fow words expressed regrot on behalf of those assembled at Mr. Maokay's re- tirement, and referred in laudatory terms to tho justness and impartiality with which that officer had always dealt with thoso under his charge Sonior-sergcant Elliott then read nn address, beautifully illuminated by John Sands. Tho address, after mentioning tho oflicor's constant ndherenco to duty as an exnmplo for the men to follow, expressed good wishes for his future welfare, and hoped that ho would long bo spared to enjoy with his wife and family tho rest and peace ho so woll desorved. Tho address was Bignod on behalf of the non-commissionod officers and tho mon by Dotoctivo Keatingo, Sonlor Sorgeants Broderick, Elliott, and Collins, and Detective West. The presentation included a gold chain and lookot. After Mr. Mackay, who was very much affected, had rcpllod, ho shook hands with the men, and bado thom all " good-bye." THE City Coronor hold an inquest in tho Royal Hotel, Cioydon, yesterday, on the body of a child named Rlohard Windsor Jordan. Dccoased was two years and sovon mouths old, nnd lived with his parents on the Croydon-road, Croydon, On tho afternoon of the 2flth ultimo, deceased whilo crossing Elizabeth-street, Croydon, ran before a horse. Ho was knocked down, nnd ono of tho wheels of tho cart passing over him, ho received injuries from tho effects of whioh ho diod on Wed- nesday. Death was duo to rupture of the bladder. Tho jury returned a vonlict of accidental death, attaching no blamo whatovor to Carroll, tho drivor of tlio koree A LAH named Goorgo Smith, aged 6" years, was admitted into tho Prince Alfred Hospital yesterday by Dr. Neill, suffering from a fraoturcd skull. Tho lad's father is tho gatekeeper at tho Glndosvillo cemotery, and tho boy had boon climbing on ono of the tombstones, when he fell and struck his hoad. A now ooourred yesterday in Military-road, noar Mossman's Buy, botweon two mon. After a heated dispute it is alleged that ono stabbed tho othor-a man named Vickory-betwoon tho ribs with a knifo. The wound was such as to necessi- tate tho man's removal to tho North Sydnoy Cottage Hospital, whore ho was admitted. THE Katoomba Council has decided to divido tho prize offered for tho best competitivo roport on a sewerage Bohemo for its borough botween Mr. G. Clarko, O.E., borough onginoer North Sydnoy, and Mr. P. S. Nott, CE., 70 Huntor- Btreet. A connEsrONDEKT, writing on Wodnosday last, complained about tho railway sleeping-car arrange- ments on trains leaving Sydney at 8 and 9 p.m. for long joumoys on the Southern and Western lines. Tho chief trafilo managor bos made inquiry into the complaint, with tho result that tho conductora of tlio Southern and Western mails who aro row in Sydnoy say Bomo of the borths aro mado up before tho trains leave Redfern, and whenever a passonger aBks for a bortb to «bo mado up his rcquqst iu im- mediately complied with. Mr. PILE writes to say that tho oompany montioncd by him in a lottor to tho Herald as fhaving suspended payment is tho City and County, not tlio Town and Country, whioh latter company, as montioncd by him, is in on undoubted substan- tial position, as shown in its published bulanco shects. IT sooms to bo genorally recognised in Canada (says tho St. James's Gazette) that Mr. Abbott, the now Primo Minister, is a stop-gap Premier. A skilful lawyer and an oxporioncod politioinn, ho is hardly a statesman, nnd enjoys no great popu- larity. Sir John Macdonald was strong enough and indispensable onough to livo down tho awk- ward scandal about the construction of tho Canadian Paoifio Railway in whioh ho and Mr. Abbott wero equally oonoorned. The now Premier lins found it moro difficult, nnd it kept him out of political life for six yoars. Sir Charles Tupper wns no doubt tho natural succes- sor of Sir John Macdonald, since ho is not only n strong man, but represents tho late Premier's polioy ; hut Sir Charles Tuppor's appointment just now, in full memory of recent oonfllotfl, mid especially of his controversy with the Grand Trunk Railway, would have beon certain to stir up fcol ings which Canadian patriots would wish to koop dormant, SrEAiuNO of a roeent disoussion in the Queens- land Parliament, tho Brisbane Courier says:_ "About 20 minutes of tho country's timo was occupied in determining whether a door should stand opon or shut. It was Mr. Morehead who raised Ulis matter of deep and lasting interest, and tho House proceodod to consider it with the gravity and decorous domeanour whioh a question so momontously affecting tho well-being of this great colony demanded. Mr. Morehead moved the ad- journment of tho Houso to protest against what ho regarded as an infringement of tho rights of hon. members. By somo arbitrary authority tho main door in tlio now wing, loading to the refreshment-room, was closed every day shortly after lunohcon-tlmo. Ho had beon informod that this was dono becauso it would bo necessary to employ a policeman to guard this portal if it wore kept-opon ; but Mr. Morehead could not appreciate tlio forco of this reasoning, becauso ho could not porsuado himself that tho members of tho Houso, or cvon the general public, were so hopolcssly dishonost that they would sneak in by that door in tho hopo of finding opportunity to stool the debris of a meal. Ho could not soo any sense, when thoro was a doorway placed thoro, in having it hormotioally sealed ; but ho suggested that if thoro was any reason for it« olosuro tho doorway Bhould 1» bricked np, or olso eaoh mombor should bo snppliod willi a private latohkoy. Mr. Aland said that he boliovod that overy member of tho Houso was honest enough ; but, at tho same timo, complaints had boon mado that somo one carno in at night and stolo tho soap and the brushes and combs from the lavatory. Mr. Morehead, jtmtdui. that.it.ma. aatohototj; toi know that d10 offondf-r was n member who know | (ho two of tho articles in question, unless ho wanti _ tho bruches and conabs for heir-loom.. But cuy woy, at. Mr. Black pointed out, tliebo petty lar- cenies only proved that some other door ought to bo lockod, as tlio Boap-hungry burglars certainly did not enter by the Alioo-stroot door." Ali oxhoustivo work on tlio goology aud polrcon tology of Queensland will (says tho BriBbano ßiwn'er) shortly bo published by Mr. R. L. Jack, Government Geological Surveyor of Queensland, and Mr. Robert Ethcridgo, pidmontologist to the New South Wales Government. -Tho work has boon in progress for tho last six yoars, and is tho onteomo of u desire te placo boforo tho publio in a connected form tho latest results of geological in- vestigations, und especially thoso of Mr. Jack and tho other officers of tho .Geolo- gical Survoy. It will also sum up and edit tho labours of tho earlier Government Goologioal Survoyors, inoluding Stutohbury, Aplin, Dain- tree, and Gregory. Particular attention has always boon givon by tlio survoy officers to tho unravelling of tlio struoturo of tho country, and in this opera- tion mapping is the first and most important step. Hitherto palreontologists have worked in their cabinets to oonstruot tho past history of Australia from tho ovidonco of fosbils alono, without tho aid of stratigraphic!-, lmowlodgo. When Mr. Jook wus associated with Mr. Etheridge on tho geological survoy of Scotland, thoir attention was turned to Australia, and thoy carno to tho conclusion that if palicontology and strati graphical goology went hand in hand in working out tho structura of a part of tho Australian con- tinent, a solid basis might bo laid for tho benefit of future obsorvors. Mr. Ethorldgo had boon pre- viously ou tho geological survoy of Victoria, and afterwords his bent having lod him to become ono of ¿io highest authorities on paliooutologioa^soionoo, ho became senior assistant in tlio Geological Dopartmont of tho British Museum. A few years ago ho was ougaged jointly by tho Australian Muîeum and Goologioal Survey of Now South Walos as paleontologist. Tho fossils collected by the Goologioal Survoy of Queens- land havo binco 1878 boon sent to Mr. Ethcridgo, first in London, and subsequently in Sydnoy, for determination and description. A vast amount of material has thus beon collected, which it is thought desirable to plaoo boforo tho soiontifio publio. Many of tho organic romains are now dosoribed for tho first time, so that tho book must bo in tho hands of every pahcontologisl. The strati grnphical portion contains full information re- garding nil tho formations known in Queens- land, and tho Btruoturo of all tho important mineral Holds, with statistics of thoir output, _o. ; but it is contemplated that it may bo nccossary to supplomont tho work, at a tuturodato, by u volume spcciully dealing with économie geology. Tho work will bo illustrated by 67 plates and a now edition of tho geological map of tho colony. An appendix by Mr. A. W. Clarko, F.G.S., treats of the microscopio Btructuro of Queensland rooks, and is illustrated by coloured platea of a most artistic oharacter. The Government Printer, who is print- ing the work, estimates that it will form two volumes, suporroyal, of about 900 pages. How many pooplo (says tho Daily liirtt») now romomber the fumous "battle of tho gaugesP" The yiotory of what was onco known as " tho narrow gauge," but is now tho standard or national gaugo, sinco narrowor onos oro not un- known, is BO absolute that thin is tho last year of tho oxistenoo of Brunei's moosuroment for the Groat Western Railway Company's perma- nent way. Por many years on that line tho broad gaugo has boen disappearing, and as announood this morning in our report of tlio oompnny's half-yearly- moot- ing, tho chango is to bo complete by tlio 20th of May noxt. Tho disappearing gaugo originally adopted on tho Great Westona Railway on Brunol's plans was 7ft. Tho common gaugo, now roughly called tho four-foot way, ia really 4ft. 8 Jin. That is tho distance botwoon tho rails ; tlio fractional measurement boing, wo bolievo, oxplninod by tlio foot that originally tho width of tho rails together mado up on additional 3 Jin., and gavo a whool trool of oxoctly 5ft. to Buit tho earlier locomotives and traîna. Tho heads of rails aro now much broader, varying on the difforont lines from 2 Ain. to 2Jin., or togothcr from Sin. to 5_in. It is notabla that on our railways tho third-olass possongors go on increasing in numbers and tho first and second class decrease. The figures on this subjoot in our roport of tho Great Western Railway mooting uro jutercsting rending. Tho third-class passongurs havo increased by over half a million, whilo in pocond-olass and first-olosa paaaengors'tho falling off is over 119,000. Tun New York Herald has boon holding a "symposium" on "Porfcot Monhood'and tho Way to Attain It." Among tho "guests" was Wait Whitman, who took tho opportunity of tolling somo homo truths. " Wo Now Worldera aro in danger," ho said, "of turning out tho trickiest, slyest, 'cutest, moat cheating people that over lived. Theso qualities aro getting radically in our business, politics, literature, manners, and altering in our essential charaoter. All tho great cities exhibit thom-probably Now York most of all. Thoy taint tho splendid und healthy American qualities, and hud bolter bo well understood liko a threatening danger, and confronted and provided against." Curiously enough, moro than ono of tlio other con- tributors urged as a prophylactio tho imitation of AValt Whitman. Ono of those waa Mr. J. A. Symonds, whoso spécifie for perfect innuhood is ns follows:-Tho Rcnaissanco ideal of manhood implied self-reliant personality and physioal vigour. Not what a man know, not moral delicaoy, not religious sentiment ; but robust churaotor, accept- ance of the necessities of lifo, equanimity about tho futuro, constituted manliness. This ideal has not boon suparsoded. Everything doponds on tlio fonnation of self- soif-simplification, Bclf-cflcctua tlon, " Bolf-revoronce,solf- kiiowlodgo,bolf-coutrol." Encourage temporáneo in food, drink, sox. Avoid both luxury and ascotio nbstiuonco. Live in tho opon air. Work tlio body as much as tho brain. Sconi money worship aud money service Learn foreign languages, read only tho best authors, think cheap of culturo, know that tho boort is superior to tho head. Person« bom with special intellectual gifts aro sure to dovelop thom. Tho small ohongo of tho intellect doos not consti- tute material greatness. Young mon should study Wait Whitman und assimilate his bpirit. . Mr. Joromo K. Joromo's contribution to tho discussion was not bad. Ho had no time, ho said, to answer tho questions ; but ho added, " Isn't Mr. Robort Buohanan your man ? Ho would sottlo tlio wholo thing for you, I am sure, in 10 minutes." And Mr. Buchanan did I TUE suggestion (says tho St. James1» Gazette) that tho Chancellor of tho Exchequer should issuo nickol threo ponny pieces meots with Sir Goorgo Campbells approval ; and it moy bo hoped that this will auflico to pievent tho adoption of any anoh material for our coinage Tho nickol coins circulated in Gorraany and Bolgium should bo onough to set any one against the proposal. Thoy are unpleasant to hundió and deceptive both to touch aud Bight. Prom an nrtistio point of view tho designs on many of our coins aro unsightly and oven hideous ¡ but there is no fault to find in tho metals used. Gold, silver, and bronze should bo sufficient for ovory purposo, und to substituto nickel oither for Bilver or bronzo would bo a mis tuko in overy way. Anything that -would check tho use of silver for currency purposes is especially to bo doprcoated. THIS City Band will perform in the Hyde Park pavilion to-morrow afternoon. A SA_B of work in aid of tho Woollahra Presbyterian Church will 1» oponed in St. Matthias' Hall, Pad- dington, this afternoon. ' ATTENTION lo directed to tho annonncomont in auothor column that tho plan and tickets for tim Public Behool children's conçoit in tho Centennial Hull are now available at Nicholson's. Early appli- cation for tickets is desirable. ATTENTION is drawn to a grand fanoy fair now being arrangod for by a committeo of Balmain ladies in aid of the local Cottage Hospital. Tho fair is under the patronage of tho Countsss of Joraoy, and will bo opened by Sir Henry Parkes at noon on Wodnosday, 7th uistant. WK hovo boon requested to invite tho altention of parent« und relativos of childron in tho Randwick Asylum to au advortiaomont appearing olsowhero notifying that tlio houso committeo has deoidod to dofcr visitation till Docembor noxt in consoquonco of tho prevalence of influenza in tho oity and suburbs. Tins following is tho roport of tho Bonovolont Asylum for tho wook oinlod Soptombor !)0 :_ Admitted, 14 women, 11 children; births, 0; deaths 4 ; discharged, 7 women, 28 children; remaining in tho house, I22womon, 13_ childron-total, 255. Provi- sions distributed: 2034 loaves broad, 12271b. flour 8081b. moat, 6891b. Bugar, 1451b. toa, OOJlb. sago' 551b. rico, 31b. arrowroot, 891b. oatmeal. Fresh applications for relief, 13, viz. : 2 agod destitute women, 3 canoa husbands «¡ck and afflicted (1 In hospital, also 1 wifo), having 9 children, 2 aged cotiplos. ono ha» a grandchild, i do sorted wives having 12 children, 2 aged destitute mon. There woro 2 renewals of relief, viz, :-1 widow having 1 childron, 1 destitute mon hr.vlng a wifo and 3 childron-total, 19 adults, 29 children. Casos io ported by tho inspector, 53. In 20 casos the relief waa discontinued, in 4 coses the money was dis aUowed.inanothoc it waa reduced. Total numb« of 