Intercolonial Telegrams. s. ~~- IHt SUBMARINES f,K.| [FROM Olflf ONN OORIlitSPONDKNT.r VICTORIA. MELBOURNE, MONDAY. A man, name unknown, was falling this morning in a mutilated condition but still alive, on the railway line from Eaglehawk Station. His head was cut open and hand out off. j Inquiry into the death of Lambert, one of the Reunion crushed to death in the recent collision bet wean the steamers Despatch owl Elingamite, was resumed to-day, and a verdict of accidental death was recorded, with a rider added that the law as to the river traffic should be revised. Two small boys, 10 years of ago, have been committed for trial by the Hawthorn bench for setting fire to a house in Glenferrie road. John Wilson, a tram conductor, was placed on trial at the Criminal Court this morning for the murder of his fiancee, Stella Leah Marks, in the Darling Gardens on January 25, by cutting her throat. Mr. O'Loghlen appeal ed for the defence, and I admitted that accused killed the young woman, but that he was in a state of temporary insanity at the time. He called evi, ' dence to show that accused' occasionally ' suffered from delusions, and that accused was not in his right mind when he did the devil. The case stands adjourned. 'Information has been received from Hamilton that a murder of a brutal nature took place in the local gaol this morning., Two old man named Charles Stewart and Cor- nelius Bourke, aged 77 and 69 respectively, were on their way to Portland gaol to s rve a short term of imprisonment for vagrancy. They arrived at Hamilton yesterday and were located in Hamilton gaol for the night, and as Stewart was ill it was decided to put both in the " same call in order that the other might look versing at 11 3LO, and some time after Constable Cul- tain, who was sleeping closely, bearing an awful noise in the cell went in and found Stewart insensible and the place covered with blood Directly he opened the doorrlioiuko rushed at him and send him' by the throat, but the constable over I powered him and put "him in another or. JTljo injun d man never recovered conscious netsLaud died at about 3 a.m. His face was almost black H it is bruises and the blood had clotted in his 03 es und face presenting a shocking sight There is nothing to show how Clio quarrel arose Both are well known him for a, and Bourke bears the scars of having been flogged An inquest will be held to morrow A fatal fire occurred in the Chinese Camp, Sandhurst,-, about 3 t> dock this morning, when a hut occupied by a rag and June gatherer named LiXin was burned, and the charred remains of the Chinamen were found in the ruins ' ' Hy Harris, who a week ago was brought before the Court charged with obtaining £100 J bylfulüo pretences from Michael Anderson, of Hobart, and remanded for a week, was to day discharged, the money having sure been paid, and a telegram received from the Hobart police requesting his discharge y. The annual conference of the Amalgamated Miners'' Association of Australasia was opened at the Stawell Town Hall to day Mr Lemon, of liar larat, presided and briefly alluded to the recent labour troubles, and said the lesson had been learned that a strike should not be entered upon till there was plenty of ammunition on hand Through aggressive ness the labour cause had received a severe blow the rest of the day was devoted to arranging the order of husincBa Constable Arnold, of Yarra Glen, proceeded to Dixon's Creek, near Lillydale, to day, and a t arrested a man answering the description of the BnagBinan wanted in connection with the Narbethong tragedy He was engaged by some farmer at the creek and IU oom el sa tion with his employer said he was at DJVIB' house and spoke to Mrs Davis about 4 o'clock on Friday last His clothes bore traces of very recent washing, and his employer. deemed it advisable to inform the police, and he was accordingly arrested He gave the name of J and S Bell, and was lodged in the Healesville lock-up \- Considerable interest has been occasioned by the alleged discovery by M de Bavay, a French buyer ologist, resident in Melbourne, of a specific for typhoid Some months ago three local surgeons Drs O Hum, Cox, and Springthorpe, while performing an operation on a patient accidentally out a membrane and released a quantity of shale They noticed that the moment the clyde came in contact with nauseous push the offensive smell accused The child was sent to M De Bavay for analysis, but that gentleman finding nothing in it, bottled it up and left it 111 his laboratory, Same months later M De Bavay a noticed the child had grown, and experiments subsequently proved r g things.) phoul bacilli placed in contact with -a Jaiinontation were utterly destroyed 'It was found, also, that by drinking some of the liquid in milk, it was innocuous to man Thou -It '"was tried on some private patients with it is stated satisfactory results, and within toe muscovy days sevcra^pátients million Alfred Hospital have I been j treated with the alleged specific. ' Medical men generally decline to express any decided opinion on the clyde cure,, it being as yet too, soon to arrive at any Conclusion, but. the discovery has created great o\citoniout,i!aiid numerous exciting contest will be made to decide its value. The unmarried woman a he gave birth to a child on the recent voyage of the steamer ' Hau rose, from the Bluff, and who was' detained on board by order of the Customs,',.1.', as the captain would not enter into shandies that the mother and child should not be - ' left a burden on the colony was allowed to find to-day, it being found that neither the ' Customs nor the Immigration authorities' had power to prevent her landing or enforce the bond. , '," The Council of Agriculture to-day ap-, i pointed Mr. T. K. Dow, of the Australasian to the position of principal of the Longerenong Agi acid ural College. The Secretary of Agriculture has completed arrangements with the P. and O. Co. for shipment of Victorian apples to London at the same rate of freight as that charged for ToHinaniu. Mr. David Bews, Minister of Education for South Australia, died at the residence of his brother-in-law at Port Melbourne at midnight last night from inflammation of the bowels. He was on his way to the Sydney Postal Conference. The body will be sent to Adelaide for interment to-morrow. Mr. Bows was only 40 years of age, and was the most popular minister in South Australia. Comnici cial -in wheat not much is doing at auction ; nominal quotation for pi time 3s. 6d. to 8s. 4d ; millers'' lots, 3s. 4d. to '3s. 5d, according to delivery. Moderate business done in Hour at £7 5s. to £7 15s. for stone made, and £8 i*/;C8 15s. per follows dressed. Feed grains quiet." Algerian oats realised in. aid. to 1s. 9d.; thin white, 2s. 6d. to 2s. 2d ; Danish, 2s. 3d.; and stout, 2s. 10d. Privately New Zealand have been sold at 2s. in bond. Barley moved off slowly ; food, Is. 8d.; medium, 2s. 10d to to 2s. 11d. Peas unchanged, 2s. 2d. to 3s, ' e 22d. Maize up to 5s. 4d. Bran, 9d. 