EPITOME OF NEWS. The Sydney correspondent of the Graf ton Examiner writes : Although the hall in which Sir Henry Parkes held his meet ing is a email one, yet it was not filled. About 300 persons were present. From beginning to end the proceedings were of a semifarcical nature. The programme for the ensuing session was announeed, but it was of such a voluminous character that even the Herald has poked fun at it. Everybody knew that it was not submitted with sincerity, and, therefore, it was re ceived with cries of derision. And these cries were uttered with increased intensity when the Premier said that he fully in tended building the North Shore bridge. It will be remembered that it was by promising this bridge that he succeeded in ousting Mr. Dibbs from the St. Leo nards seat, more than four years ago. ; Having gained the victory, he thought no j more of his promise. But now that a general election is pending, and his seat is in danger, he deems it necessary to repeat his promise. It is unlikely, however, that -£he.majority of the electors in St. deceived again 1>y this be. humbugging. The fact mayf be mentioned that the Inspector-General of Police detailed a farce of twenty constaWes to, attend 73ir Henry Parkes* meeting; ancT] these were scattered amongst the audience, and made their presence known whenever any of the people showed a tendency to become troublesome. This must ne cessarily do the veteran harm amongst the working classes. The speaker went so far as to say that he did not approve of everything contained in the Convention Bill, and yet be voted for the resolution paBsedby the Convention that the measure should be submitted in its entirety to the electors, and in winding up the proceedings of that body expressed the hope that the Bill would be adopted by all the colonies. The fact is, he realised last night that the Bill was obnoxious to the New South ; Wales people, and wanted to open a way for retreating from the position be took , up in the Convention. The Ballarat correspondent of the | Melbourne Age says that a few days ago an advertisement appeared in the Mel- , bourne papers from Mr. Cullmer, solicitor, of Chancery-lane, London, enquiring for J the address or whereabouts of Henry : Mottlee, as the sum of £17,000 was awaiting payment to him. by the Court of : Chancery. The man advertised for is, it seems, a resident of Ballarat, and on ; Wednesday he became aware of his good luck in a somewhat singulur manner. Mottlee, who together with his wife and family, occupies a house on the Smythes dale-road, sent one of his children to a neighbouring shop to purchase a tallow candle. The candle on being purchased : was wrapped in a piece of the Age, which : contained the " missing friends" adver tisements, and - on the girl taking- -the j candle home Mottlee picked "up the wrapper after it had been thrown on ±o the floor and commenced to read it. It j is almost needless to mention that he was | surprised when be read that he bad come into a fortune of £17,000. The bottle gatherer, it appears, was aware that his relatives in bygone times had money in Chancery, and that originally it came from one Hawkins, who died in 1791, exactly 100 years ago. The advertisement | mentions this fact, and, a missing link in a certain chain of evidence having been supplied, the £17,000 will go to Mottlee as the next of kin. The lucky man, who | has been a resident of the colony for 17 years, has to apply personally in London for the money before the 30th of next { August. We (Tamworth Nbws) understand that ] Mr. L. C. Jeans, cabinet maker and up holsterer, has disposed of his old-estab lished business to Mr. John Middleton, of Armidale, who will very shortly enter { into possession. A' serious accident befel Mrs. Har greaves and Miss Tarrant, the sister-in- j law and daughter of Dr. Harman Tarrant, M.L.C. They were driving to Sutton Forest from Moss Vale in a village cart, when the pony shied, and drew the cart j over & culvert, throwing both ladieB vio lently to the gronnd. Mr. Christopher ] Bennett was passing in a vacant carriage and conveyed the unfortunate ladies home to Mobs Vale. Mrs. Hargreaves was in sensible for a long time. Medical assist ance was procured, Drs. Bancroft and | Fischer were Boon iu attendance, and, found in addition to a severe general shaking, Mrs. Hargreaves bad sustained a fractured leg. Miss Tarrant escaped with a severe shaking and some nasty bruises. A fatal bnggy accident is reported by the Yarra Glen correspondent of the Mel bourne J!ge. It happened on Thursday evening, the victim being Mr. James Thompson, an old and respected resident of Kangaroo Ground, and owner of Gar- > den Hill. Mr. Thompson was driving to j Yarra Glen in a boggy, to which was at- i tached a very spirited horse. On de scending what is known as the "Big Hill," a spur of Christmas Hills, he over took a lady named Miss Saddler, who ac cepted his offer to drive her into the township. Everything went well till de scending the hill near tfie State school. It is supposed that the shaft pole broke, the horse bolted, and both occupants of the buggy were thrown on the road way. Dr. Kilpatrick, who had passed i the vehicle a few minutes previously, was recalled, and it was found that Mr. Thompson had received a severe fracture of the skull. The doctor gave no hopes of his recovery. He was removed to the Yarra Flats Hotel, and without regaining consciousness died in about an hour. Miss Saddler was removed to the resi-! deuce of Mr. Armstrong, J.P., and it was found that both her collar-bones w< broken, and also several ribs. Mr. Abraham Watson has an apple tree 1 in his orchard, In the middle of Adelong, estimated to yield this Beason fully 2000 dozen or 200 cases of splendid fruit, fit for any market. Mr. Watson has sent a few cases of apples to Mr. Montague Marks, of Sydney, aB a trial shipment to London. The Dubbo Distatch says:—Hansen,' the condemned criminal, has, since his conviction, been very downcast. He has shown little desire to converse. The Danish coubuI visited him on Thursday last. John Finnegan was found guilty on Friday at Melbourne of the murder of Rose Summers. He was recommended to mercy on the ground that he did not believe when he inflicted the injuries they would result in death. He was sentenced to death, and no hope of mercy was held out to him. The mother and brother were in court when sentence was pronounced, and a terrible scene ensued. Tbe preliminary census returns show that the population of Perth is 8400, or an increase of 3000 since last censuB. The census return for tbe municipal dis trict of Blayaey is 1260, being only a slight increase for the past 10 years. Sam, an aboriginal, charged with the murder of his gin at Ooen (Q ), was fonnd guilty at Cooktown Supreme Court, on Friday,of manslaughter, and sentenced to - Early on Friday morning the window of Mrs. Howie's boot shop, situated in "Ralmain Wat, was brokfin_ and a nag of boots taken tubl'fcuum. 3" constable, who happened to be in the vicinity at tbe time, observed three men hurrying along rather quickly, and, think ing that something was wrong, gave chase. Finding that the constable waB getting rather near, they threw the bag of boots on the ground, and managed to escape down tbe back streets, where tbe constable lost sight of them. London, April 23.—Intelligence has been received of a terrible catastrophe which has occurred at Home. A maga zine, containing 250 tons of powder, ex ploded, killing several persons and wound ing 120 others. LaBt week the Wesleyan church at Monnt Pleasant, in the Gunning district, was burnt open, and the contents were demolished or disarranged. The seats were broken or turned upside down, the chandelier smashed, and part of it forced between the rafters. The legs of the table were broken, and the collection plate twisted and rolled up. It is supposed that the perpetrators of the dastardly act intended to cause a surprise to the congre gation when the door was opened for ser vice on the following Sunday, but the act was discovered in the meantime. A daring robbery was committed by pickpockets at the corner of King and Elizabeth streets, Sydney, on Tuesday night, and should act as a warning to peo ple who are in the habit of carrying large sums of money about with them, A lady named Mrs. Kerr, wife of a publican at Wagga, and who is at present in Sydney on business, was in the act of entering a Rand wick tram, when her satchel, con taining £100 and valuables, was taken from fieri Mrs'iAerr was carrying fEe" bag over her arm, when it was cut away from the handles. The lady was not cog nisant of the robbery until she had taken her seat in the tram. The modus ope randi of the thieves is when they see a 1 good mark" about to enter a tram half a-dozen of them, confederates, rush the door and jostle the would-be passenger, so as to cauBe some little delay in getting in, and it is during this time that they get the opportunity unobserved of robbing their victim. Mrs. Kerr remembered af terwards that the dodge was effected while she was endeavouring to force her way into the tram. The police have the matter in hand. A telegram from Hughenden, Queens land, states that five horses have been found near a large camp of unionists, with with their throats cut. Dog-poisoning has been resorted to in Goulbnrn to clear the streets of stray and mangy animals, and has proved very ef fective, 150 having been killed. At Albury the proposed purchase by the Borough Council of the Albury Gas works was considered at a public meeting of the ratepayers, and a resolution was carried to the effect that at present the purchase is not desirable. At the Goulburn Circuit Court, Mr. Justice Stephen commented upon the practice of deposition clerks at Police Courts taking down the sense of the evi dence instead of the exact phraseology, which often led to the frustration of jus tice. Although the Police Department has not received any information on the mat ter, it is currently reported that Bennett, the defaulting manager of the Paddington Branch of the E., S., and A. C. Bank has been arrested at Hongkong. " Will Honeycomb" writes : — Judge Windeyer has a rough—some people would call it brutally candid—way of telling the truth. The other day when summing up in a breach of promise case he said, " in a matter of this kind, a young woman treated in this way—that is promised mar riage and then the engagement capri ciously broken off—was thrown on the marriage market as damaged stock." Evidently his Honor is an admirer of Ho garth's pictures, and does not forget "Marriages a la mode." The census returns show that the popu lation within the Gunnedah municipal area numbers 1388, including 1 Japanese male and 5 half-caste Japanese children ; 32 Chinese, with 19 half-caste Chinese children; also 29 half-eaBte aborigines, men, women, and children ; 281 inha bited houses, 1 uninhabited, in course of erection 2 ; total, 290. The Murrurnndi census returns gives the number of persons within tbe muni cipal area, 1252—632 males aud 620 fe males. A little girl named Rebecca Hughes, aged six, died in the Brisbane Hospital on Thursday from the effects of eating latana berries. Friday's Echo says:—A fatal accident happened on board the collier Aldinga this morning, when a coal-lumper named John Gilmore, living at 65 Gloucester- street, lost bis life. Gilmore wan employed coal ing the b.8. Tainan from the Aldinga, and was standing on a plank Soft, from the deck of the steamer, when be fell head foremost on to the deck, receiving such severe injuries that' death was almost in stantaneous. Dr. Dees, of the Tainan, was summoned, and he pronounced life i extinct. Sir Frederick Darley, Chief Justice, on Thursday evening, at Broken Hill, sen tenced a boy named Wm. Deakin, aged 15 years, to death for murder of an old man. It appears that accused with his j brother, 10 years old, stole a gun from j his tent, but found nothing to shoot. Af terwards they found the old man, who j gave them food. Later on the boys an noyed the man who threatened them. The boys then deliberately hid until the old man was in bed asleep, when accused shot him at cIobc quarters. The unfortu nate man afterwards died. Both boys have been in the Melbourne and Ballarat | reformatories. On being removed from Court, accused jeeringly asserted that hei could only be hung once, so he might as j well be hung at once. The Toowoomba Chronicle, in speak mier of Victoria says the Commonwealth Bill is the most democratic measure ever I offered to Australia. We have said mych_l ana shall nave mure u> Bay with regard. to its democratic tendency, but, de mocratic or not, it is certainly the finest thing of the kind ever offered to Victoria, and Mr. Munro knows it well, because he has pulled the strings in its manipulation. Sir James M'Bain, the President of the Victorian Legislative Council, followed up the statement of Mr. Monro, quoted above, at the Eight I Hours Demonstration, by saying that if New South Wales joined bands with Vic toria, federation might be accomplished within eighteen'months; but New South Wales will do nothing of the kind. Sir Henry Parkes is of a different opinion, but with that venerable politician the wish is father to the thought. In this connec tion we prefer to take the opinion of Sir John Robertson that, federation in New South Wales is dead as Julius Caesar. The Mercury says :—On Sunday even ing a great deal of excitement and sorrow was created in Maitland when news came to hand that a young man named John Mather had been drowned at Seaham some time during the afternoon. Mr. Mather, who had been employed by Messrs. W. S. Harrison and Co., of West Maitland, for some five years, left town on Saturday night with a friend, Mr. Robert Hamilton, for Mr. Croker's place at Clarence Town, where it was intended to have some shooting. It seems that in pursuance of this purpose Messrs. Hamilton j and Mather, with a companion or two, were at a swamp near Seaham on Sun day afternoon busy with their guns. The sheet of water is thickly fringed with weeds, whilst in places it is of consider able^ depth, but notwithstanding this, Mr. Mather, who—nau—am-.— stripped, and entered the swamp.to se cure it. What occurred next is not, so far clearly known, but the unfortunate young fellow was either entangled in the rank vegetation, or waB attacked by cramps, but the sad fact remains that he was drowned, although Mr. Hamilton, who was the only person in the imme diate vicinity, is said to have plunged in to the rescue of his companion, but he was unable to reach him. A messenger was immediately despatched into Clarence Town, the police apprised of the occur rence, and Mr. Mather's Maitland friends communicated with, Mr. W. S. Harrison at once leaving for the scene. After con siderable search the body was recovered in ten feet of water, and as it had been there for a long period efforts to resuscb tate it were fruitless, and deceased was conveyed to Raymond Terrace, where an inquest was held yesterday afternoon. Poor Mather was about 28 years of age. and was born in Sydney, where his widowed mother resides. The census returns give the population of the Lismore municipality as 3137. The Bingera Telegraph says:—An accident happened to the Moree-Warialda coach on Sunday night, 12th instant, by which the coach and its load of passengers narrowly escaped total destruction. The scene of the accident was on the hill about five miles from Warialda, going down which the four horses started to gallop, and the brake refused to act, the driver— Farlow—with great presence of mind, swerved them round to bring the vehicle to a stop, and the leaders giving a plunge at the moment pulled the coach over on its side and precipitated all the passengers —Messrs. M'Kenzie, M'Intyre, and Cob ley—out Farlow bravely stuck to his ribbons when thrown from his seat, and thereby prevented his team from bolting away and completely wrecking the coach. After a short delay, things were righted again, and the " Royal Mail" coach with her freight proceeded on her way. The escape is described as a most providential one. A Sydney correspondent writes:—As an illustration of the value of the Mel bourne Age, I may mention that Mr. David Syme has bonght his nephew's interest in the paper for the snm of £160,000. The interest was one-seventh share, and according to the price paid for it, the paper must be valued at more than a million sterling. Twenty-five years ago it was worth almost nothing, and the pro prietor had all he could no to pay his workmen. The Age is the most valuable newspaper property in Australia; neither the -Argus nor the Sydney Morning Herald yields such a large income as it does. A couple of years ago Mr. James Fairfax gave his brother Edward half a million for the half-stare of the paper owned by the latter ; but that half-share is not worth that money now, for I am pretty certain that the net revenue of the Herald is not £50,000 a year. The Mel bourne Age is now the sole property of Mr. David Syme. His heirs will come in for a good thing. A sensational elopement from Brisbane has occurred. Captain Withers, formerly commander of the Queita, and Commodore of the British India fleet, who has recently been a successful broker in Brisbane, eloped with Lady Gore, the wife of Sir Ralph Gore, the ex- immigration agent. The supposed runaways joined one an other at Sydney and shipped to San Francisco as " Mrs. Gower and three children," and " John Winton." Withers left behind his wife and six children, whom he had brought from England a few montha ago. It is believed that a a liason has existed between Withers and Lady Gore for several years, and prior to the death of Sir Ralph. A mail named James Tweedy, an-' married, employed in a produce store at Sydney, was found dead on Sunday morning in the yard of the house where he was stsying. The body was on itB hands and knees, with the forehead on the grouud. An inquest was held on Monday morning, and a verdict of death from serious apoplexy was returned. It is reported that the deceased's brother is a station-master at Bourke. In the district of Goulburn there is a total population of 21,443, and of the ter during the ten years is 40G5, or over G2 per cent. 