SOUTH AUSTRALIA. ADELAfDl'VFitip.w.'. the, Government of South Australia has telegraphed to the acting Agent-General for the colony asking him to support the request of the Agent-General of Victoria to the Admiralty, that the Australian squadron should come out by way of Albany, malting King George's Sound the rendezvous instead of taking the Torres Straits route as at present arranged. The. Governor has tell graphed to the Secretary of State for the Colonies asking that the wish of the colonies be complied with, and the southern route followed. . . r The Marine Board, after inquiring into the stranding of the Glamis, deemed that the accident was the result of negligence on the post of the chief officer cannot fixing and are willing thoaijKisition of the vessel when finally anchoring' as -ho ebiuleqüentl) hail 116 other means of 'llsccrrlinvingtf bethel: thousands liad-altcitíl hcrpqs(l¿lep)i. ,In"tljq r>pjnion"ol: the boaid".thc'((úif!((.'rjii blameable for having an incxpcrieticedinidjUiifnstmctnii apprentice on watch all night.' He has stated }n'eud<;nc«} that there was no light in the finances. '-O'IJC, board does not propose to take any. further action. .... . ' Mr. Oswald Brown's, the eminent engineer, who has been on a brief A visit to the colony at the request of the Government, ? leaves for London by the strainer Oceanien to morrow. He speaks of his three months' stay in the colony as last ing been most pleasant. About 10 days ago he went to Melbourne and Sydney). He says that the former city has made rapid strides since he last saw it. He has never seen a better H} stem of tramways than that in Melbourne. The advance made by Melbourne and Sydney is a e great compared with Hutt of Adelaide, He visited Broken Hill and was astonished to find such a large city there. There is now in Adelaide a represen tithe of the Vestnéd,'1 a daily new paper published in Denmark, Mr. Jimil Optier. J His passport is very interesting document, showing that helms travelled till over the world. The chief object of his visit is to inquire whether there is mt opening for Danish immigration. Mr. Wright, the vice consul for Denmark, has informed him that, under present conditions, he does not think it desirable to encourage the immigration, of foreigners. The first meeting of the Adelaide shareholders in the Broken Hill Central Silver Mining Company was held this morning. Mr. Baker, M.D.U., presided, and there was a fair attendance. It was stated that there is practically £10,201 to credit, and all overdraft of £'13,02J, which was attributable to the assets not being immediately realisable. There is more, ore in sight than these fits ever been before. Sir William Milne as.ie elected a director. -; 