THE MERCURA!. , BOBART. MONDAY, JUNE S, 1891. -.- . EPITOME OF NEWS. ' New Town Pony Races. Open Handicap Trot substituted for Midget Handicap Trot. Mr. 'Mackenzie's concort to-night at Templar's Ho}), New Town. . Foundation stone of Masonic Hall laid at Zeehan on Saturday. I Mr. 'Gerald Fitzgerald, well-known in Northern mining circles, was assaulted by John Cranston at Launceston on Saturday. ¡ Deputation from Now Norfolk had interest- ing talk with the Minister of Lands and Mr. Back on railway matters. i Tho old miserable story. Mail bags again delayed at Romine. 'Vaunted official arrange- ments broken down. ' Rev. Mark Guy Pearso lectures on " Old Folks at Home" this ovomng. Tho Hon. B. S. Bird will preside. , . ! Two Launceston' aldormen found it noces sary on Satui day night last to help constables with a prisoner, incited to violence by an excited mob. ' ' Gerald Duff Dramatic Company opon tho Theatre Royal this ovuning with Harbour Lights. The Governor, Lady Hamilton, and suite will bo present. | Mayoress Sutton, of Launceston, has boon been tfresentod with a silver eradlo by tho children who attonded the recent juvonilo fancy dross ball. i ' I John Fallon, certificated engineer s.S. Minx, chai Red with misconduct in the oxerciso of his calling, has been ordered by Launceston Police Magistrate to pay Polico Couit costs of Inquiry. I Broken Hill Cotisais still falling. Dean Gott appointed Bishop of Truro, i Tho Premier of Canada if doad. Total London population ¿,633,000 souls. Heavy thunderstorm in and around Vienna. Many fatalities. > Queensland sugar selling in England at 14s. por cwt j , Chilian torpedo vessel sunk by a Chilian cruiser. ¡ Starving Russian peasants robbing houses for food. Press reports officially interdicted. Three (Argentina banks have re-oponed their doors for business. Silver on Saturday quoted at 3s. 8Jd. por oz. Ant» orp wool sales showing improved de- mand. Louden Omnibus men struck at midnight on Saturday. Anglo-Poitugúese African Convention ratified by Portuguoso Ohamber. Bank of England said to bo arranging a syndicate to tako up the lagging Queensland loan. Two Melbourno firms havo terminated choir agreement with the Associated Shipping Brokers. Madamo Simonson has successfully organ- ised a now Italian Opera Company for the colonies. Chilian rebels willing to accopt the media- tion of France and America to make torms for peaco. I Difficulties aro seen in the way of restrict- ing the tho immigration of needy Russian Jews and other paupers into England. ' Harvest piospocts in Groat Britain favour- able, Improvement also on i the Oontinont. Wheat market almost at a standstill. French 1'rcss indignant because tho British Premier has promised protection to Italy against any French naval attack. i Leading London banks havo decided that it is not imperativo at presont, to fix one minimum rate of discount. Portuguoso Government absolutely satis fibd with torms of the presont Anglo- Pol tu gucso-Afiicuu convention. Thousands of Russian students are involved in a " conspiracy" to bring'about peaceful roform, a just system of' government,' and religious equality. ¡ ' i iii Mayor of Sydney and officers of Victorian Dofunce Forces now in England will bo pro sonted at the noxt Royal levee, probably on Queon's Accession Day. ' Dankon, the Baltimore murdoror, who battered his wife's brains out on a Welsh mountain, has made full confession of his i crime. i , ? , ' i ! Almost certain that the missing steamer Taramung has boon lost with all hands bo twosn Nowcastlo and Molbourno. Unhoard of since 21st ult. ' ' The notes of the Hon. N. J. 'Brown on tlio , receat Agricultural ¡Conference have the value of bein»; very sugges- tive. Tliey indicate the wide ' extent of the inquiries which are necessary before we can deal properly with' agrif culture in 'all its ' branches,' 'and ' they show that a true farmer should be a good all round man. We incline to the opinion that many of the com- plaints , that are .heard of in this colony, especially in connection with that unrjrackable nut " does farming pay ? " are the outcome of a want of adaptation in those .who follow agri culture 'as an , iudustry. That farming has paid some persons is patent enough,'' for, like Jus'ice Shallow, they have now " lund and beeves," although not many years ago they_had little but their labour to depend on. Why some have done well whilst others have failed, is one of the mysteries of farming which seems never to be solved iu auy of the colonies, or we might say any country. It is asserted that farm- ing does not pay in England in Scotland at the present time, and even in Victoria, where all that could be well done by Govern- ment aid has been done, the farmers have come to the conclusion that they will have protection no more. As Mr. Brown has very properly and practi- cally said, one result of the Conference is, that it showed the necessity of a wider and more scientific education for the farmer of the future, scientific that is, in the sense that he should know what can bo done by learning what has been done. le is ia this that he appears to fail now. A glance'at] tho list which Mr. Brown gives of-the uses to which laud eau bo put is sufficient to show how wide .the education, and cxporienco of the true farmer Bhould be, and what numerous details it ought to embrace. This leads,1 of course, to the subject of the teaching of agricultura in schools, which has been a favouiito hobbyjof many porsons in all parts of the world.' In,Victoria a very practical Danish work on agriculture was translated, for' school1 ' use, ' but1 lwo cannot ,sfty, that it seems to have ( ,done much, «if any, good. It must Jjo agreed, 'j' wo think, that such 'agricultural teaching as can be given iiu the ordinary course is not likely, to be of any value.if for no other reason, than because, ,tho , children have quit« lonough.to do to mastei their ordinary 'tasks. 'But,'it'does not follow that the'jStateniay not do a great deal to pro- mote agricultural training, and widen the sphere of action1 of those who seek to gain their liviugfrom the land. The I establishment of one or more Agricul- tural schools may'do much in this direction, not only bocause they may teach the young how to muke farming pay, if it can be made pay, which seems to be the case in many in- stances, but ' because they would become-at least '"they ought to be- come-centres from which the most advanced knowledge on all subjects connected with agricultural work will bo diffused.' For, we may presume that such1 institutions, unless they settled down, as some have, into mere supportors of a useless staff, would take care to keep up ' the best infor- mation from all partis of the'world. They would show, or at least ought to show, what ' is being done, and done with a profit elsewhere, thus ful- filling the true function of teaching by example. Of course, if it should prove that Tasmanian farmers 'do not possess the enterprise and eneigy of those from whom 'they may be asked torleaT, the. examples would be of small value, but we should at least know that' all that can be done has been done, and that the fault lies in ourselves alone. , * '' As illustrative of m hat we moan, we'may refer to what has recently taken place, ,on the Continent of Europe. The agricultural editor of L'Indeptn lance "Beige) v. few months ago callod attention to the fact, that French butter was being driven out'of the market in Great Britain,, yvhere at one time it used to bo very îpopular. Ho traced this unfortunate stace of affairs to the ' progress made in tile Scandinavian countries, mainly in . Denmark and Sweden. In those countries butter-making lias long boen à science,' followed with the most painstaking care, with the result, tliat many wonderful machines have been invented which have greatly simplified and cheapened the cost of production. Some of these machines are in use in these colonies to a limited extent,' but there aro others of which weT have hardly heard, and which the Frenoh small landholder has not adopted. The consequence is, that the French butter maker finds himself left behind in the race, solely from his lack of knowledge, and is taken to task for his folly and neglect. Now, it is in the direction of keeping up knowledge to tho latest invention or discovery that an Agricultural College may do good in one direction, and that a very important one. In Victoria there is a travelling dairy, which goes round showing the farmers what can bo done with the latest appliances, and there can be no doubt that much good has been effected by it in the way of increasing the knowledge of what is possible. It is curious to note, however, that while the exports of butter and cheese from Victoria were valued at £145,545 in 1884, they had fallon to £40,409 in 1889. Whether our neighbours have pro- fited or not by the chances afforded thom, it remains true, at all events, that what is required as a pie liminary is adequate knowledgo of what can be done. In Sweden at pre- sent butter is made by simply turning the handle of the machine into which tho milk is poured, and a revolution is threatened in the manufacture. In other directions improvements are being made, not only in machinery but many things, by which the business connected with the soil made is more piofitablo. It will be found, wo think, when duo inquiries are instituted, that much of the success of those who do sneceed, and they are much more numerous than might bo sup- posed from thei doleful tales so often ? told, is the result of attention to small things. We might illustrate this by'the condition into which much of the stock of this colony has fallen, and the very little atteution given to the subject of stock breeding in the course of the discussions at the Con- ference. Many farmers have put their faith in a tax, which we are told has not increased prices, rather than in care, skill and reasonable enterprise, but the one cannot help them without the others. In short, wo may conclude with tolerable certainty, that the farming problem, which is a very com- plex one, will not bo solved by any one discovery, but by careful atten- tion to a number of details, the 'sum of which decides the momentous question of profit or loss. This atten- tion will come with increased know ledge, for that will show the value of many things which now, if not dis- regarded, arc not given their full [ importance. Tim Royal Commission on Charitable In- stitutions now sitting in Melboutnc has a somewhat tough problem to elucidate, nothing short, in fact, of the question whether the colony can or cannât longer remain without the incubus of ' u poor rate and the accompanying degrading institution "the work'us." Colonel Goldstein, in giving evidence hefoic the Charities Com- mission on Friday lust, spoke with soldier- like bluutncss in condemnation of the picsont system of charitable doles which, he said, morely encouraged the poor to be thriftless. His rcimdy is a reduction of tho piesont chat Ruble voto, the arrest of strcot beggars, and the establishment of a conti al agency for making full investigation of all applica- tions for relief, in fact an adaptation of the Tasmanian system, which during tho recent conference on charities waa viowed with spcciul favour. But in Melbourne, as in all largo centre» of population, there exists what wo can thankfully say does not prevail in Tasmania,' a growing cancer of poverty for ever eating away and sapping all forms of relief ,aud amelioration. As popu« latlon increases to tho poor and tho ! thriftless multiply in proportion, and the evil is aggravated and intonsfied, bccauso round about it tticro naturally gravi- ta tcïmûch~5f tK~ñríKéalthy"and proGtleBs" ' oxiivini of other cominiinities. Tho Vic- torian Government has, in point of fact, appointed thb'prescnt Commission to show- - the way out of '¿JdiflicSlty, stcond only to that which the Local Government li.nrd has to deal with in Groat ISritain.in combatine with hydra-headed pauperism. In England and Wales, out ' of tho whole population abovo 00 years of ago, ono-sovontli uro' paupers, In London it is one-sixth ¡jin, purely agricultural districts ono- fifthj uud in agricultural districts oue-niuth,' It, ia rapid.y assuming thoso proportions in tho grnut Australian oitios. Mr. Chamberlain, M.P., 'who ia' endeavouring to deviso an effective schemoJ of dealing with the aged poor in England, suggests the establishment of a permanent voluntary or compulsory f mid from whioh a systom of out-door pen- sioning might be organised, but this is no now panacea' for tho euro of poverty. It has been 'proposed iu many forms before, .and the initial difficulty of providing a very substantial en- dowment fundl to sturt with has never been straightly and fairly grappled with. It Is notalono the evil of tho coining morrow, but tho ever prosont wail and clamour of to day'spoverty that has to be either satisfied or stifled, i /The Chancellor of > the Eicchuquor n ivor appears to have any Biirplus availablo for Buch purpose, and tho Poor Law Guardians consistently demur against a speoial iucreaso of poor rates, which ure now quito as heavy as can bo_ borne. Will tho Vic toi ion Government,' and with them tho Governments of " all the Australian colonies, set apart - a sum' or - BumB of money in o which all other rvotes for charitable purposes i shall merge, and out of whioh pensions ahull be paid to those at present poverty stricken, and, hereafter, to thoso who, by making small weekly paymonts from their earnings duiiug thoir years of strength and activu work; shall Bccnro tho right to cluim aid when bodily incapacity or misfortune lights upon them 1 And if oolonial administra- tions will not do this, or apmothing akin theroto, whet is the alternative but the . levying < of poor rates, the, building \ of workhouses, and tho speotavle of paupers being bandied' about, as in the'Old Country, from ono parish to, auother^until, they mid passing rest and ? shelter, and, by-and-bye, diah'onoitrablo'gruvcs ! ' " ( I ii ... i , i = The interviow: which the deputation]from Kew Norfolk had with the Minister of Lands and General Managor of ' tho'Railways'on I Saturday was an interesting one, although i 'tho'members of tho deputation may pro ' bably think that the result was not alto ,j gether, satisfactory, as a finn rifusal'had to , be given to their demands. The fiiat matter that engaged attention was a request to alter i the times ¿f certain _ trains to suit tho convenience of .tocal; residents, but this it was pointed out conld not bo granted, becauBQ it would intorfero with the gonoral time table. This is a matter which it would '.. ,bo woll,for other districts that aro comp'ain ' ing of train facilities to note, The railway system must bo considered as a whole, and trains to run fixed bo as to suit the greater cumber of passongerspickedup along tholino. If this wore borne in mind it would bo at onco seen, aa recognised in other countries, that trains cannot tie run to suit every locality, but thut tho travelling public generally must bo considered, and that in eel tain cases passengers must suit themselves' to tho ' railway fucilitlos provided! instead of asking tho railway department to study their particular case, especially ao long as a paucity of, trafila exists such al that in tho Derwent Valley Railway. Another request by the sumo deputation was that the sub- urban train aroa with its cheap excursion privileges bo extonded to Now Norfolk, but unfortunately tho claim completely broke down whon examined. As was forcibly pointed out by Mr. Rack, Hobart and suburbs could not bo compared to the suburban aroa of Melbourno, with its teeming population and ciowdcd trains, and thorofore, the ai gumentu founded on the fares ruling in that colony were not analo- gous. Tho mombors of tho deputation seemed surprised to bo reminded of this very obvious fact, and further to learn that in the matter of ordinary fares the Derwent Vulloy charges vvero' cheaper than those in tho other colonies. But the deputation was persistent, and urged that at any rate cheap excursion fares should bo granlod per tho ordinary trains on public holidays. This found a ready sympathiser in tho Minister of Linds, who promised that this matter, which was ono of general complaint in the country, should havo consideration. Tho deputation niado a more practicable request when tiley asked tho extension of tho rail way to tho wharves, and although no definite promise was mado it was evident that this matter will have further considera tiou, and probably appear in tho next public works proposals. Tho Ministor of i Lands refused to entortain tho idea of a temporary arrangomont by haulage of trucks through tho streets, and probably this waa wise if it is the intontion of tho Government to propoBo that tho work be executed on a moro substantial basis. This is one of thoso matters that might have been threshed . out at the general election, and, no doubt, a roforenco to it would have had as prompt attention from the Cabinet as the proposed new giuving dock. That the work is moro urgent than tho graving dock s is evident, and it is' (o be hoped that the * proposals which Ministers aro now framing for presen- tation to Parliament will include this under- taking. Tho announcement by Mr. Rack of the reduction of freight for 'the' conveyance of agi ¡cultural produce and fruit would be I much more warmly welcomed, if, along, with, it could bo conveyed tho ussuranco : that there would bo a speedy transit1 of produce right through to the wharves without any intermediate handling or cartage, i , . i - ?? ( Towards the end of last year it was pro- posed by the governing body of the Imperial Instituto to hold a special mining and métal- lurgie exhibition in connection with the opening of tho Institute in the spring of 1892\. i It was thought that a competitive and instructive display of the mineral resources of the British Empire, and an ex- hibition of the various appliances used in the reduction of the different olasaea of ores, mightjthen be appropriately made. The Colonial Governments did not, however, very promptly respond to die invitatiom and it has been found that the interval of timo to elapse between now and the opening of, the Institute would be inadequate to carry out effectually the , proposed exhi- bition. In addressing the Agent-Geueral in Mareil last Sir Frederick Abel ex- pressed the high appreciation of U.R.H, the President and the governing body uf the Instituto of the readiness with which Tas- mania had responded to tho proposal. The Tasmanian committeo of tho Imperial In- stitute desire those interested in mining to understand olearly that the abandonment of the special exhibition in no way affects the peimaucut museum of tho Instituto for which they aro now collecting specimens, Thoy aro desirous to Bhip, at as early a date as possible, specimens fully illustrative of tho mineral resources of tho colony, whioh will be arranged in tho Tasmaniun Court of the Mus¿um, and described in the dictionary catalogue now in course of preparation. The secretary, Mr. T. C. Just, will bo glad to re | eive specimens which will be olassifiod and arranged under tho supervision of the Mineral Sub-oomniittca consisting of Messrs. A. Montgomery, M.A., R. M. Johnston, F.LS ,Alox. Morton, F.L.S., A. J. Taylor, W."F.~PottordrAugustus "StuBótí; nud'Er Maco. These names afibnl_ovcryf guarantee for perfect arrangement and jüdicíouV 'do Bcription, and in this branch?at-all "events, Tasmania should make > a striking dispUy. Wo trust thoso interested in mining will aid tho committee iii making the mineral do parlmont of tho Tasmanian Court vt 01 thj of the cjlony. TKLrORAi'itio-Tho following nottco vtus Sosttd up at tho Tolegiuph Olhco on Sattir uy.-" Berne notifias tuegrams for Caldera and Copiapa Phillips may be accepted via Calveston at sondéis' risk "> / Tramway- Hentv to Zeehan. - Tho reforcuco1 made by us,to this matter last week, viz , that a contract liad boen let by the Government f.r this work was incorrect. The work is being dune by* day labour, and tho Government have appointed Mr' Robert Gruhh to supervise tho work.' Mr. G tubb is in full charge, and baa authority to ' puah forward tho-work with all-possible snocd, 'and to employ as many men aa' possible, so as to accomplish thia end. Tho tramway ia to bo u 2ft. Gin.' gauuo, constructed with wooden railB, and while it ia to bo u good solid work for the purpose« for which it is required, Mr. Grubb is not to bo eoufinod to any particular giMilo. " Tho work is at tho present timo in full swing, and it is believed will 'bo' finished and tho tramway ready for uso by the timo tho railway, is openod to tho Henty. i , t. ' Tasmanian Oovkrnmhnt Railways. The following) tender has been accepted for work in Connection with the Strahuu-Zeohan Line :-Eroction of stationmastor.'s residonco, station offices, and goods shod at Zeehan, and station offices, platform, one1 goods shed at Strahan, W. H. Chevoitou, £3,029, less goods »lied at Strahan at schedule prices. ' Tenders AccEPThD,.-Iho following ten- ders have been acceptod for publia works : Road, South-road, Circular. Head, contract 8, E. Dowling, £249 15a, Road, Wynyard to Table Cape, contract 4, Moles and Dowl- ing, £281 4a. 2d. Road, Chain of Lagoona to_ Doctor a Cieok, contract 2, 15. Cooper, £130. Road, Stonehenge to Swanston, contract I, D. Kenna, ' £151 8s. Road, Melrose Creek- rond, contract 3, T. Elliott, '£223. Roads, Parish of Marland, road load- ing to Gill's and other seleations,conlract 21, J. Lee, £135. Roads, Parish of Arador, road, South Choshunt-rnad, contract 8, M. andjT.Bassett, £131 10a. Roads, Parishes of Springfield and Scottsdale, road to selec- tions of French and McKorrow, contract 54, J. D. McKerrow, £47 14s. i Roads, Parish Egremont, road, Dublin) Town to Gorman 'Town, contract 4, n\V. / McGiunoss,'£57 5s. Gd. Ereotion of a cottage for roadi inspector atZeohan, A. C. Taylor, £128 J.0«. Tho tender of Stanton and White for contract 2, Swamp - road, Is ' transferred - to ' Williuin .White,', , ,, /\,\\\ i I HONOUR TO A TASMANIAN LADY. - Miss Florence Abbott (now Mrs. Taylor), a native of this colony, resigned the position of Lady Superintendent of tho Hospital for Con- sumption and Diseases of the Chest, London, in December last, and was the recipient of a flattering vote of thanks from the Com- mittee of Management. On the motion of the chairman (Mr. T. Percival Beckwith), seconded by Mr. J. G, Noel, C.B., the committee unanimously expiessed its regret at Miss Abbott's resignation of Lady Super- intendeut, the duties of which she had dis- charged with signal efficiency and energy for upwards of nine years. 'The complimen- tary reference, which is somewhat lengthy, makes mention of the fact that she had voluntarily added to her duties by initiating a system of private nursing, which had not only proved an entire success, but was a source of much pecuniary advantage to the hospital funds. It also assured the lady that she left the hospital in a thoroughly satisfactory state, and carried with her the best wishes of all connected with the insti- tution. Miss Abbott is granddaughtor of Major Abbott, who held the office of Deputy Advocate-General in the early times of the colony, and a niece of Messrs. Edward and John Abbott, Presentation.-A ploasing iustnnco of tho friendly feeling existing between Readier and scholars wa« evinced on Friday evening last, when Mr. Arthur Stephoas, of Officer College, received from one of his classes a 'handsome writing de<k aud clock, with an addi ess testifying to the esteem and regard of his pupils. Mr. Stephens, in a neat speech, suitably acknowledged the gift. Uommunicated. CoNFBATBrtNITV OF TUE HOLY FAMILY. Yesterday aftornoon the Véiy Rev. Father Vincent Grogan, C.P., established the Con- fraternity of the Holy Family foi men in St. Joseph's Church. A large numbor of en- rolled members «ero present, and tho Very Rov. Father addresced them on tho excel- lence and importance of this Confraternity. Ho was glad to see so many present, all of whom would, hu trusted, bo pinoticul and fervent associates, for tho present divided into three sections, oneil with its prefect. He then invoked the blessing of God on a Confraternity that would assiBt then to keep fresh beforo their minda tho good works performed and good promisos made duriug tho mission, mid bring graces untold on themselves and their children. Tho Benediction of tho Blessed Sacrament was tlieu given by Rov. Father Honncbry, who, at the close, announcod the first vtockly meeting of the Confraternity would bo hold on Tuesday week, when all details would ho explained to the members. Tue Passionist Fathers.-The mission conducted for the past fow weeks by tho Passionist Fathers in Hobart aud subuibs waa brought to a close last night in St. Mary's Cathedral. At 7 a. ml Mass was celebrated by Rov. Father Vincent, and at 8 Father Mai Celias - n, largo number received Holy Communion. At U Mass for .children was cclobtatcd by Father Gillcrun,' at which about 30 children icceived their fust Com- munion. Tho children were afterwards en- tertained at breakfast hy tho "nuns of St. Mary's. At 11, High Mass tv«s colcbratt'fl by Father Sheehy, assisted by Fathers Matoollus and Gilloran. ' Fathor Vincent pt cached a most impressive diacouiso upon the Gospel for the day, basing his remarks upon tho mission resolutions. Immediately after Muss tho mission croas wa'g'blcssed as a memorial of the mission by tho Fathers, and placed in tho wosfc aislo. At 3,'the rite of confirm'ition was performed by the Archbishop, whiuh' was for adults only; there were'27 men an<1.40 women can- didate«.' In tilo evening tho sacred edifico was crowded to excess and ii great numbor hud to.be accommodated with scats "jin. tho sanctuary. Tho sermon preached by Fathor Maruollus wits bearing upon, the words "Rejoice and bo glad for your reward is exceeding groat in Heaven.!' At tim, conclusion of the sermon tho solemn ceremony of (ho renewal of vóús^ook place. I At.a word from the preacher the whole church became one blazo of light, when the congregation held lighted , candles, above their heads, und tho efleet was most im- pressive as they received the vows mude in their baptism and repeated tlio solomn words, of renunciation aftu- the, preacher'. [ This was followed by the Pupal Benediction pronnuncod by Father Murccllua, and the Te Deum was rendered oiBciontly by the I choir uodor Mr. McCann. Tho Benediction of tho B ossod Sacrament waa given by His Grace tho Archbishop, assisted by Fathers Hciiuobry and Grant, Father Gilloran directing tho ceremonies, and the very suc- cessful mission «us brought to a cloao. The altar was beautifully doioia'èd with flower« and illumined by myriads of brilliant lights. As an ovidenco of the success of the mission i over 000 person« rccoived Holy Communion during the week in St. Mary's Cathedral. ' V.M.C.A. -Tbia association held the usual weekly Gospel Temporáneo meeting last Siturday evening, the clmir boing occu- pied by Mr. John Macfarlane, who, in hi« address, spoke of the great evil, as well as danger, in "putting off" and icfcrred to tho recent explosion of gunpowder about five miles from Rome, when bo mue Ii damage was dono to numbers of woiks ot art in that city. Ho spoke of how the King of Italy, upon hearing tho great rumbling, at onco drove out to tho powder mugi)/..no where number« ware wounded, and some of these were sent ia to the hospitals in tho King's own carriage, whilo be nobly walked baok. It seems that the explosion gave u warning of 20 minute«, first alarming the «oldiorB on Í[Uard by a loud crackling nuis', then foi owed a flame, and then oame tho explosion. Tho «(villiers who first heard the noise gave the alarm to tho villagor« about, anil they thus hud 20 minute« to escape. This inci- dent the chsirman used to show that every- one might bavo a warning of 20 minutes, yet this would bo a very ahoit timo to pro pare to meet tho King of ull Kings, and ho urged hi« listonors to be prepaiod ut once, so that they would then havo no fear. Euratom.-Mr. J. L. Connacher writes that at the meeting of fruitgrowers, held ut the Huon on the 3rd inst,, ho did not advise his hsarers " to stand by Huddart, Parker and Co.," ob was reported by our corre- spondent, but to " stand by the' Tasmanian Fruitgrowers' Co-operative ' Shipping and Agency Go-"rg, J^-y ( "trll IIUWH&S9; I Rainvam..-Capt. J. Shortt, Meloorolooieal Obsorvor, roports that the ruinfall for the week ending Juno 0 wub :-Au Southport 104 points; Franklin, 252; llohart, 23 Sorell, 85; Cainarvon, 80; Swansea, :i2 Apalawn,""20 ; "Oatlunds, 11 ; t Avoca, -1()'. Mutliinnn, 27 ; Gould's Colinby1, J5 ; Swan* Island, 5 ; .Deloraine, IS ; WWBRuli, »0 . und Zucliiiii, 07 points. ' ~-Citï-Tomoe CouiiT.-Police Mng'strate Tarleton attoodod lit ,tho City Court on Saturday mid disposed of tho four cas s nu tho chnrgo-Blioot. Win Bin iib. «ho had boon drunk und disorderly m Argv le street overnight, vvua fined fls. or,sovuii davs, and Margaret; Smith, altan Allen, u,vvoU known ohm inter, for ilistmbing - the-poaoo in Collins-strcoti had to pay 10sv0d. or go to ¿nolj for 14 duyrf. Ed. Davison ^dnnlt'od d sturbing tho poaco in Mmráy'-fcCicel caily on Saturday'morning,'mid w as ' flriljdtin a lilto amount, und a drunk anil disorderly n.vmcd .Ino. McLaughlin had to pay a fiiiu of 5'., in dcfaultsovcn days.,1 , ,* . Vkatk .op Ai Ceniesabian.-ThoiA'x. amintr gives 'tho following purticuhvs of Samuel Cox, tim Tasmanian' centenarian, who died in the Launceston invalid Depot on Fiiduy last,'his supposed uro being II" ycais. Sammy'Cox, whoso'rcul lumo Has Suinuel Enittiiuol Jarvh, was bom at Shun stono''Park, near Lichfield, England, nu November 15, 1773. ' His father (Sqiiho Jarvis), tho owner,of Shenstone Parki »as killed by a fall'from his horse whilst fox hunting, wl)o'n^' Sammy was (.höht 10 yoais old. lAftorhhr father's death joung Jarvis was tallon }iy his unolu, Capta ii Jarvis, on board ship, and hu went to sou. Ile rem lined with his unclo'sonio five or six years, voyaging to different parts of tho world. During one of thoso voyagcB Captain Jarvis foil in with a pirate ship ; an engagement eiisucd.'aml the captain hud ono arm shot oT, Sammy being | by ma unclo's aido, holding Ilia hand when the shot stiuck lum. Tim lust voyngo Sammy mado was with his uncle to the South Seas. ¿¿Captain Jarvis at this time commanded; a, ship nu in ed the Regent Fox. During the voyago the boatswain of the ship . informed ? tho young fclldw>1trîat Iii« uncle intended to 1er.vc h in oir«6ine'uiiin. habited island, and then returii'totEnglaiid and claim tho property to which ho (Sammy) w»b the rightful ho>. This frightened the lad, and ha resolved to escapo from his uncía the first opportunity. ' It was some time in 1789 when tho first land was siuhtud, and tho vessel boing short of water a boat was sont nslioro to try and procuro some. Sammy wont with them, and, they lauded ,ncar the mouth of what is now culled thy River Tamur, in Van Dlemen's Lund. 'The lad being on terra firma und,ftightened to return to his ship, ian away fiom his com- panions and concealed himself in the bush. Soon,afterwards .ho .fell in with atriboof uboiiginuls, and hu used to 8tuto>th»t ho must havo wnndored about with them for many yours. This aaaeitiou, lins been tua gro\t extont doubtod. lu the course of their1 w'uudoriiigB the ti ¡bo cunio i'poii the piuco t now( known" as Hadspen, unit hero Sammy1 found some white people/' Ho then left the uatives'itnd joined! u family .named Cox, with whom ho tcmuincd for u number of years. Subsequently he woikcd¡ 'prin- cipally as u gaidcner, in tho districts of M liddy Plains,,! Longford, Bishopsbourne, and Carrick. At tho latter place and .its neighbourhood ho lived for upwards «of 50 years. Of luto yeara ho has been an inmate t of tho Launceston Invalid Depot, i whcro'lio died. v ( . ' i Run Over.-Au old ludy nimed Catheiiiio Connolly, aged about GO, wusruu over hy a' 'éhdiao curt( yesterday [.afternoon at Glonoruhy and' internally injured., 'The driv'or proceedod c.ii his ' way without rendering uuy assistance: Sub- inspector Wallia > endeavoured to obtain a vehicle to carry tho BufTeror to Hobart, but was un- successful until Mr. Henry Havvkius, who was roturning from Broadmarsh drove up, and kindly pluctd his conveyance at the Bbrvico of tho police. Mrs. Connolly was brought to tho hospital, boing accompanied by the sub-inspector. (AnNOLD-BAllNETT Conceiit.-Tho socond ,conccrto of Handel will foi m tho piece de resistance for the organ at the iccitul oa Wcduesduy afternoon noxt, Juna IO. This composition is generally acknowledged to bo tho greatest of tho series of coneei tos, anil ranks high in tho repertoire of modern organista. Ono of tho works for violin with organ will be the prelude from 2nd Scribe, by Rios, dedicated to the famous virtuoso Sarasabo. , _, Citv Band.-Last evening this band gave another of their popular programmes toa lurge audience. An altltoru duet by Messis. C. and J. Cripps waa rendered with taste and skill. A violin solo by Mr. T. Walton gave ovident satisfaction. Herr Buck and Mr. IO. Cripps mado efficient accompanist!. The following is tho piogrammo :-" March, Mo/urt's Twelfth Mass ;" ovoituie, " Italiana iu Algiori ;" soloction, Im Huguenots ; violin bo'o, Mr. T. Walton ; althorn duot, Norma, Messis. C. ami J. Cripps ; selection, Le liarbier de Seville; descriptivo march, " The British patrol ; odo, "Vital spark of houvouly flamo ; "God Bava the Queen." CohOEiiT at Nhvv Town.-Reminder is given of Mr. W. Mackenzic'd conceit at tho Good Templars' Hull, Now Town, to-night, tilt full programme for whioh is advertised to-day. Mr. Maekonzio is down for soma of his best songs, und is to bo assisted by Mrs. A. K. Hirst, Miss Elginton, Messrs. John Rowo, U, Sherwin, M. Johnston, and Heir Julius Gorwon. New Town Pony Raous.-Tho stewards of tliKso races havo decidod to strike out of their programme tho Midget Handicap Trot for ponies, and substitute an Open Handicap Trot, tho conditions of which uro advertise«;. Roïai. SooibTï.- The monthly meeting of this socioty will bo hold this evening at 8 o'clock. His lixcclloaey will preside. Tho following ia tho ngonda : - " Tolul Eclipso of tho Moon ou May 24, 1891 " Tlio Tiansit of Mercury May 10, 1891. CoNVEnTiiu.15. Tekms.- Franco has lost ono of its foicmoBt protectionists by the dcuth of M. Peuycr-Quoi lior, ut tho age of 71 years. A manufacturar, and the son of a manufacturer, ho naturally ranged himsolf on tho sido of monopoly, high pi ¡ces, and attificiul scarcity. A pOHCiful orator, an able sophist, and overflowing vyith energy, hu was u tower of strength lo his qvvn party ; while he was, at tho tiume timo,' thoroughly unscrupulous in his choice and employment of moans to promoto its ends. 'Ono day, ¡a tho Chamber of Deputies, whon convicted of having uttcicd an unblushing falsehood with respect to the mal-administration of a rail- way which had not aotuully been open for traffic, ho wus privately romoustinlcd with by M. JuIcb Simon. "Tut, tut!" was tho rojoindor, with a mooking laugh. "Don't ba nasty particular. Orator and liar are all tho'same, you know." " 