? S. CIPBIAS'S MISSION, MELBQUAN-B-STREET, A.—The fourth of the series of fortnightlv entertainments in connection with S. Cyprian^ Sunday-school took place in the Mission Room, Melbourne-street, on Thursday evening, May 28. It consisted of a series of tableaux, arranged by the Misses King and Scott. The room . was well filled by an appreciative audiencp, who seemed to thoroughly enjoy the amusement provided for them—carefully got up scenes from the old friends of our childhood —" The Old Woman wfee Lived in a Shoe," "Cinderella," "Little Miss Mnffitt," "The Sleeping Beauty," "Jack Horner," &c.;, in turn delighted old and young. Daring the evening the Messrs. Soott contributed most efficiently by music and song to the success of the entertainment. A DANISH TRAVEIXER. —There is now in Adelaide a representative of the Jfcstvcd, a Danish daily newspaper, in the person of Mr. Emil _ Op&jr.; His passport is quite an interesting document, showing that he has travelled all over the world. Starting from Copenhagen, he toured Europe and America, .and from 'Bangkok^the capital of Siam, be came to Adelaide. He has called on the Vice- Consul for Denmark {Mr. Frederick Wright), and has informed him that the chief object of his visit is to enquire as to whether there is an opening'for Danish immigration. Mr. Wright informed Mr. Opffer that under present conditions be did not think it would be advisable to encourage the immigration of foreigners. MB. OSWALD BKOWN.—This eminent engineer, who has been on a brief visit to the colony at tbe request of the Government, was the subject of a graceful compliment from the Adelaide corporate members of the Institute of Civil Engineers of London, who tendered him a dinner at the -Cafe de Paris on Thursday evening. In responding to the toast of his health Mr. Brown expressed his appreciation of the cordiality of his reception, and testified to the pleasant evening he had passed with his co-members of the great Institute. The gathering on breaking up desired for Mr. Brown continued success in his profession. Mr. Brown will leave for London by the Oceanien, which sails to- day. He speaks of his three months' stay in the colony as having been most pleasant. About ten days ago he went to Melbourne and Sydney. The former city has made veiy rapid strides since he last saw it, and with regard to the tramways Mr. Brown says he never saw a better system. The advance made by Melbourne and Sydney he considers is very great compared with Adelaide. Mr. Brown visited Broken Hill also, and was astonished to find such a large city there. B.H. JUNCTION S.M. Co.—At a meeting of shareholders in this Company held in Melbourne on Fr'day, Mr. S. Frearson, of Adelaide^ preferred a series of grave charges with reference to 1 the management of the mine. The result was a heated discussion aud the withdrawal of an adverse resolution which had been moved by Mr. Frearson. Thereupon the Directors resigned, and a new Board was chosen as follows:— Adelaide Directors—Messrs. B. Johns, M. Stuckey, G. F. Ind, and Murray; Melbourne Directors—Messrs. W. E. King, Alexander Campbell, and . Sylvester Brown. A telegram. elsewhere -gives the details of a meeting, ..which- will greatly interest • maav people in this province. Mr. Mathews, of Round Hill, has been appointed Manager, and an office of the Company is to be opened in Adelaide at. an early date. RAILWAY PASSENGER TEAFEIC TO YOBKE'S PENINSULA.—At a meeting of the Town Council.of Moonta held on Thursday, May 14, a resolution that the Town Councils! of Kadinfi, Wallaroo, -Maitland, and Port .Wakefield be asked to use- their influence in endeavouring to obtain an~ alteration in the e railway > time-table, as it affects Peninsula . passengers leaving.' Adelaide, was carried- It was stated that they would be on tbe road three-quarters of an hour more than tpas necessaiy. It was also pointed out that passengers travelling by the express which leaves Adelaide at 7*45 a.m. arrive at Hamley one minute after the departure of the Peninsula train, which takes the passengers who left Adelaide at 7 a.m. SUDDEN DEATH. — Mrs. Llfetrange died suddenly at about 11.25 on Friday morning at Mrs. Fowler's boarding-house, next door to Dr. Henry's, Victoria-square. Dr. Henry was sent tor, but medical treatment was of no avail. The City Coroner has been informed. , DISEASED MEAT FOB SALE.—A few days ago a resident of Norwood brought to the Regixter Office a piece of suspicious-looting meat, which bad been supplied to him from a batcher's shop in oneof theeuburbs of Adelaide. By our advice tbe moat was taken to the Stock Office, and it has since been pronounced to lie diseased. Enquiries have been made by the Chief Inspector of Stock, bnt he has not yet been able to take any action in the matter. HOME FOE INOCBABLES. — The monthly meeting of the committee was held at the Church Office, Leigh-street, on May 28. There were present Dr. Wylde(in the chair), Mcsdames Farr, Malna, Darling, Sauerbier, the Ven. Archdeacon Russell, the Rev. W. H. Mudie, Major-General Sownes, Drs. Clindening, Hamilton, and Swift, Messrs. A. Abrahams, ,G. W. Hawlces, James Smith, and the "Secretary. Tbe Home Committee reported one death during the month; number of inmates, seventy- eight The Secretary reported that the building of the new wing was going on satisfactorily, and that the Home had been connected by -telephone with the Telephone Exchange. The Treasurer reported receipts for month £75 10s. Accounts amounting to £14018s. lid. were passed for payment. The name of the Rev. A. T. Boas was added to the committee. Three applicants were passed for admission. REFORMING THE VICTOEIAN RAILWAY SER- VICE.—No secret has been made (says tbe Melbourne Telegraph) of the fact tiiat the employes in the Government railway service have for a long time had designs on tbe Railway Commissioners Act, 1S83, but their ideas have never found definite form until this -week. They contain many radical amendments,. but perhaps the most striking of all of them is the appointing of a Board of Examiners, the abolition of the finality of tbe Commissioners' deoisiona in all appeal cases, and the institution of an independent Board, with tfee formula of a Court of Justice, to hear all appeals. The employes also desire that there should be as little overtime as possible, that all -appointments be by examination, and that supernumeraries be taken from qualified candidates with certificates from the Board of Examiners. The employes contend that their appointments should not be for " pleasure only," but for " good behaviour," whicb is the reason Mr. Speight aUeges why the Government have reappointed him. The employes consider tke sauce which, is good for the goose is suitable to the .gander, and claim that all, top and bottom, should be treated alike. THE MIOTARY AND THE STRIKERS IN QUEENSLAND.—The special reporter of the Australasian with the troops in Queensland writes:—'*' Trudging drearily along in the mad, I fell^into conversation with Sergeant-Major Virgo, of the Imperial Service, who is engaged as Drill Instructor to the Defence Force. He carries the Egyptian -ribbons on bis breast, and was with the force which went up the Nile to the relief of Gordon. He fought several of the battles over again .for my benefit. He was close at band when Herbert Cameron, war correspondent, was shot, ind therefore feels a special interest in -newspaper men. He sighs when he remarks that there will not be much chance of seeing me laid out, for our system of campaigning seems tame after Egypt. There can Be no doubt, from the tone in which he spoke, that if there were to be ^ny firing this man would shoot to hit. He, like .many others in the nmks of the Defence Foroe, believes in the principles of (Unionism, .and .though prepared to do Ms duty he was inclined io sympathize with the men on strike BO long as they kept within the law; but the constast insults to which he has been subjected have provoked in him a feeling of great bitterness. At first when the troops appeared the Unionists cheered them; but, -finding that they did not, as expected, throw down, -their" arms -and make a theatrical demongteition in support of _ the strike, . tbe Unionists changed their tone and exhausted all their ingenuity in inventing opprobrious epithets to fling after them. One df these expressions became a favourite, simply because it was noticed that even the jmost stoical winced under it, for the insult did -cot include themselves alone. 'I have a good old father and mother in England now,' said Sei^eant-Major Vingo, 'and by , if I get a chance I will make some of these fellows pay for the slander they have put upon them.' The same feeling pervades the whole fo. ce. A considerable number of the men are actually .members of come of the Trades and Labour Unions, and 6till more of them are strongly on tbe (democratic side in politics. Thev came forward when called on as a matter of duty in support of law and order. The Unionists have succeeded in quickening what was cold obedience into willing service—in tbe first by their lawlessness in action, and in the second place by their uurestraiced foul- • !i Beescffpeech." j 