LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS. WE RECEIVED tho following wire from Mr. W. Allan, M.L.A., Bent from tbo Parliament House yesterday afternoon at 5'30 p.m. 11 Pleased to say got Warwick Bacccourse Bill safely through." Oon STOHY columns appear iu our fourth page. A meetjno of the Eastern Downs H. and A. Association will ho held in the Town Hall this afternoon at 2-30 p. in. A HORSE para Jo will be hoi1 in Allora next Tuesday, under the auspices of the Central Downs A. and H. Association. A ciircicET practice will again bo held in the Queen's l'ark this afternoon. Local knights of tho willow are requested to roll up. NEW TAILOB-MADE clothing, new shirts, new hats, and splendid value in boots and shoes at J. De Conlay's, Telegraph Stores.-[Advi.] ONE PETTY debts c&so; was called on for hearing at tho Court House last Wednesday, but as it was settled out of oourt neither party appearod. THE DISPENSES of the Warwick Hospital acknowledges with thanks papers from Messrs. Cadmon, J, Collins, J. Do Con J ay, J. Millar, and Mrs. Shilliday. AN COLY rumour is current about a certain mining property in New Eigland (says an exohange). ^ If the rumour is true, a particu larly bad time is in store for mining in that distriot. THE qoabterly entertainment of the War wick Band of Hope wilt be held in the Protes tant Hall on Monday evening next. The evening's programme is an extremely interes ting one. WE HAVE received from Messrs. Paling it Co. a copy of a catalogue of music, containing prices of vocal music, dance ir j'sie, pianoforte music, American organ and hnruonium, violin, and piano music, kept in stock by this well known firm. Very HEAVY rain foil in Warwick early on Wednesday morning last. The amount recorded at the local telegraph office was 47 points, while Killarncy reported 25 points, Allora 28, and Emu Vale 46. The weather since has been delightful. THE HEARING of the charges of murder against George Young, late State school teach or, wore conoluded at Beenleigh on Wednesday. Young did not seem to feel his position at all keenly, and he frequently smiled at the peculiarities of the witnesses. Young was committed for trial. IT WAS announced In St. Mark's Church on Sunday last that his Lordship Bishop Webber would visit the Warwick district for the pur pose of holding a confirmation about the middlo of December next. We are pleased to hear that his Lordship is so soon returning to his Warwiok flock. THE OBANO drawing of prizes on tho art union principle in connection with St. George's Lodge will take place in the Masonic Temple on De cember 10 (Separation Day.) There are a very large number of valuable prizes offered. Tic kets are now available at Is. each from any member of the committee.-[ADVT.] THE begulab weekly meeting of the Presby terian Young Men's Guild was held in the church on Thursday evening last. The Bev. 0.J. Legate, B.A., ooeupied the chair. The programme of the evening consisted of readings by some of the members present. The next meeting will be an open night, consisting of recitations, readings, &c.; SEPOBT SATS that the choir of St. Mark's Church are preparing a cantata-'. Queen Esther"-which they propose to perform some where about the end of October at a musical festival to be held in the church. The musioal part of the service will be under the direction of Mr. E. J. Curd, while the organ stool will be oooupied by Mr. S. S. Fenwiok. WE HAVE received a voluminous document of over 800 pages containing the statistics of the colony of Queensland for the year 1890 (com piled from official records in tho Begistrar Genecal's office). The amount of information in the report may be gained when the following subjects -ere treated in the contents of the document:-Population, interchange, accumu lation, finance, law, crime, &c.;, social statistics, vital statistics, and production. A jxLKoBAit from Sydney says that a Mr. Doggan, who had been a barman in the Lachlan Hotel, was admitted to the hospital suffering from a wound in the head, and after receiving treatment for three days he was dis charged. On the 10th of this month he was readmitted suffering from epileptio fits, and as the symptoms led the doctors to suppose that there was some obstruction in the brain, an opergion was performed, and the neck of a glass bottle was found embedded in the brain The men appeared to be relieved, but inflam mation rapidly Bet in, and he died. Tra. SOCIAL gathering to be held in the Oddfellows' Hall on Wednesday evening OotOber 7, under the auspices of the Warwick Bugby Football Union, is causing no small amount of interest amongst the young ladieB the footballers, and their friends. Everything is bsingdone to make the affair a suoeess and (be committee are oonfid atof nohieWng' thip The best music will be provided, and the comi fortable Accommodation now offered by the Oddfellows' Hall as a' dancing room, should induoe a large number to atlond. Refresh ments will also be liberally supplied. WE HAVE received from Mr. S. J. Oadman, bookseller and stationer, of Palmerin- street, a book entitled " Ccosar's Column," a sensational .lory of the 20th century, by Edmund Boisgil. bert, M.D. We have not as yet had the opportunity of reading it, but from tho cross critioisms on the work, we can with safety take it to be, as one critic remarks, " a wonderfully fascinating book." The San Francitco says of the work : " There is ample food for reflection in the book. . . It is the work of an earnest and thoughtful writer, and one pos sessed ol no small amount of literary skill. The book is consistent, and is really an addition to the literature of political economy rather than to that of fiction," THE MONTHLY meeting of tho Freestone Weslevan Band of Hope was held in the Church, on Wednesday night, 16th inBt. Tho nttcndanco was very good, and a lengthy pro gramme was gone through as follows limi tation, Master Isaac Payne; recitation, Miss Ellen Palmor; solo, Mr. John Roberta: reading, Mr. E. Pugh ; reoltalion, Miss Edith Bippengale ; solo, Mr. W. Jeffries, junr.; reci tation, Master Georgo Woods ; organ solo, Mr. B. Archibald; dialogue, Misses Graoe Lewis, Mary WillardBon, Masters Alex, and Bichard Patterson, W. Lewis and A. Gravolle ; BOIO, Captain Canning; rcoitation, Mr. B. Archibald; recitation, Master W. Wilson ; solo, Miss. A. Fletcher | reoitation, iss Mabol Wood | reci tation, Mr. Thos. Payne. OUR HTOBY columns appear in our fourth page. A i'i:nnoN was died on Wednesday in tbo Supremo Court, Brisbane, for the liquidation of the estate of Michael Quigley, farmer and draper, of Warwick. Liabilities, £11*23 Ns .'id. A general meeting of orcditors will be held at the office of Foxlon and Cardcw, solicitors, Brisbane, on Oth October. A YOUNG woman, named Fraaer, a passenger in a sccond-class carriage from Mallendbeen to Cootamundra (N.S.W.), gave birch to a child. On the train reaching Cootainundra the police took etepR to hare the mo'.hcr and child taken to the district hospital. The mother formerly lived as a domestic servant at one of the hotels in Cootainundra. Tin: MINISTER for Mines has decided that immediately on the return of the Government Geologist (Mr. It. L. Jack) from Adavalc, where he is at present engaged in an inspection of the scene of the recently reported gold dipcov cry, he shall proceed to Warwick for the pur pose of furnishing a report upon the geological features of that district. IT IIAH been estimated that a female shrimp every year produces about 0800 eggs, a prawn H800, a lobster 21,000, a herring 36,%0, a flounder 133,407, a mackerel 4S4,C!il, a cod 3,G8(i,70G, and a ling 10,248,(124. The swarm of enemies to which the eggs and newly-hatched young of these creatures are exposed renders necessary the production of such immense numbers, otherwise the species would be anni hilated. STARTLING INTELLIGENCE has been received (says the Barcoo Independent) from tho far west. Lake Hope country is all under water through the flooding of the Cooper and other large creeks, and the site on which Lake llope station is built is 10ft. under water. No word haB been received from or of the manager of the station or his wife and others on the place, but ic is hoped they have escaped from the floods, and arc now making their way down to the south. Tho floods arc the heaviest on rccord. A MEETING was held in Brisbane on Monday evening of the committee appointed to investi gate on behalf of Queensland shareholders the affairs of the Transpacific General Insurance Company, Limited. The report of tho liquid ator was read. The chairman pointed out the necessity for legislation to prevent foreign com panies filching money from the people of Queens land. At present thcro was no protection. Tho matter nad been brought nnder tho notice of the Chief Secretary, but as yet nothing had been done. TOE MESENT member for tho Balonne (says the Goondiwindi Herald) gives as his opinion that journalism is tho last refuge of scoundrels. We have never made it a habit to place much stresB on B. D. Morchead's opinions as we know they carry no weight, and on this occas ion we are ndt severely wounded by his boyish bluster, as no doubt our unswearing adherance to well defined principles is not palatable to the present school of politicians. But we do feel for those of our brother pressman who have trotted around after the gentle Boyd in all his perploxingly crooked meanderings. And now to bo classed as scoundrels 1 " This is the moBt unkindest cut of all." THE KEV. E. Griffith, father of Sir S. W. Griffith, died on Tuesday evening, after an illness of several weeks. The deceased gentle man was born in the west of England in 1819, and in 1853 arrived in Sydney. He Boon afterwards left for Ipswich, where he accepted a call to the pastorate of the church (here. After two and a-half years' servioe there, he left for West Uailland, and in I860 returned to Queensland, whero he accepted the oall of tho Brisbane Wharf-street church, with which lie remained oonneotcd until his death. Mr. Griffith waB well liked in Brisbane, where ho took an active interest in what he believed to be for the benefit of the people. The funeral took place last Thursday. THESE HAVE been weddings in balloons, yachts, and store windows, and Milford Centre, a small Ameiican town, lays claim to the first lawn tennis wedding ever solemnised in the country. Both parues are champion tennis players. One day 200 guests gathered on the Bpacious lawn of the beautiful country place of the father of tho bridegroom. The bride and bridegroom were dressed in jaunty tennis cos- < tumes, as were the bridesmaids and groomsmen. The four finally engaged in an eiciting match. Bight in the middle of it the minister walked out to the lawn of the tennis court and raised his hand. The game was stopped and the contracting parties clasped hinds, and, in a low minuteB, the marriage vows had beeh spoken. THE Japan Mail translates the following wonderful snake stoiy from the 17th Kokkai: A Takio called Nomura Tahiclii, 60 years of age, went out with his wife Otora, who was 46,' to pursue his usual avocation of tree cutting in Eoshitamura, province of Tainba. Tho hus. band and wife separated at a place called Matsu-Yama. Shortly afterwards, while en gaged in felling a tree, Tahiohi thought he heard his wife cry out. Running to the place, he was horrified to find that a huge snake, des cribed as being 8 feet in circumference, had Otora's head in its mouth, and was engaged in swallowing her, despite ber struggles. Tahiohi raa off to the hamlet and summoned seven or eight of hiB neighbors, who, when they reached the scene of the catastrophe, found that the snake had swallowed the woman as far as her feet, and was slowly making its way to its hole. They'Wire too much terrified to touch it, and it finally effected its escape unmolested. Mn. M. J. ABUWOBTH, of S. Brisbane, says:-I have great pleasure in writing to inform you what hae been the result of using St. Andrew's Liniment. Some years ago I got a severe wetting, which brought on a bad cold and rhenmatio pains. These have increased as I have grown older, until at times they have, been almoBt unbearable. Wo have spent pounds on doctors and medioines, but with no beneficial resnlt. About three weeks ago, I had a worse attack than ever; my sufferings were very severe. I was confined to my bed, oould not sleep or rest, and was almost afraid to move. Mr. Ashworth brought a bottle of St. Andrew's Liniment, which he said would do mo good. He applied it according to directions, and I Boon got relief, and slept well that night. I have continued lo improve over since, and seldom, or ever feel any pain. I have only used one bottle and commenced a second. 1 strongly resommendit to any one«uffering from rheumatio pains.. If they will follow the in structions carefully, they are certain to get relief.. Eorinrthor particulars apply to Dev.' Jas. Stewart, New Harm, Brisbane, or John R. P. Adams, 142 Queen street, Brisbane. [ADVT.] A FEW days ago (says the Warren Ilcrald) they were shooting and yarding pigs on Warn biana, when a regular old tusker charged back from the entrance to the yards right at a young ster, about ten years of age, who had incaut iously dismounted and hung his horse up. The boy boeame so frightoned and confused at seeing tho pig bearing down on him that ho did not know which way to turn, andtbeanimal kept on and went straight between the little fellow's legs, and actually took the boy off on its back. The youngster when ho found him self on this novel steed instinctively hung on, and the pig started off across the plain as hard aB bo could lick. Up to this point most of the spectators had been too startled to interfere but when tho boar began to leave, Mr. lloland Todhuntcr gathered up his reins, and sailing after the pig and hiB unwilling captive, soon ranged alongside, and now came the oritical moment. The boy wouldn't let go, and it was a most hazardous resourco to shoot. However, Mr. Todhunter never hesitated much, but tak ing aim with his ride, while still galloping, he, with marvellous norve and prooision, fired, and tho bullet, thus truly aimed, smashed tho shoulder of the animal, and from thence pene trated the heart, and the highly satisfactory result was a dead pig and alivo boy, whereas it requires very little imagination to understand how easily those positions might havo been reversed. Whore tbo bullet struck tho pig was no moro than three inolics from the little rider's log. OUR STOBY columns appear in our fourth | page. i BEST VALUE in furniture, in drapery, in grocery, in crockery, in every tiling, at J. De | Conlay's, Telegraph Stores.-[ADVT.1 | TnE Ki'MniiK of immigrants brought into the colony of Queensland for the two years ended 30th Juno last was C547- Of that number 3090 were free, 280!) remittance, 005 assisted, and 43 indented. AN ORANGE paper says:-"As an instance of the enormous drain on the community by roe&nB; of sweep consultations, one local hotel keeper has syndicates formed to hold over 200 £1 tickets in Adams' sweep on the Melbourne Cup." IN THE New South Wales Assembly tboother night, Mr. Joseph Abbott said, " Parliament should consist of the representatives of the life and energy of the people, and not of the dcorepid and weak and aged of the country." Who was he hitting at ? THE REV. \V. H. Howard, Stanthorpe, will preach in the Wcsleyan Church on Sunday next at 11 a.m. and 7 p.m., aud in the after* noon conduct a young people's service at U o'clock Thcso are the first of a Bcries of mission services to be continued for eight days, in which the Revs. II. Martin and Wm. Jeffries will also take part. Tni? REV. C. CHRIBTINSEK, Danish Minister from Maryborough, will deliver an address in the Presbyterian Church to-morrow (Sunday) evening on his? mission to tho Kanakas. The rev. gentleman >a on a tour for the purpose ot interesting ibe public in the important work ho is engaged. We have no doubt a large congro gation will avail themselves of tho opportunity of listening to the address. THIS WEEK'S War Cry contains a picture of William Booth, founder and general of tho Salvation Army, which now numbers 11,000 officers, working in 4500 towns throughout the world, author of " In Darkest England and the Way Out," and the inaugurator of the 6chemc for the elevation of tho Submerged Tenth. Tho " General" will pass through Warwick for Brisbane next Friday afternoon by the mail train. IN THE New South Wales Assembly on Mon day, Mr. Bruce Smith aunounccd that the lonn of £4,500,000 had been successfully floated. He explained that after paying the amounts due in Sydney and London the Government would only have a balance of £500,000, and as Treasurer he would counsel the Government not to go into large public works that would involve further expenditure. Tho Represen tation of the People Bill was then further con sidered xb committee. THE AUCTION sales advertised to take place to-day are as follow:-Messrs. McDougall, Robinson, and Savile-At the corporation sale* vards at noon, salo of $0 head of quiet well bred mixed cattle; also at the ealeyards 40 head of cattle (milkers, steers, and heifers). At the auction mart at 2 o'clock, Bale of a large stone store in Violoria-Btreet. Mr. B&nsome; At 11*80 a.m., sale of an assortment of general drapery, boots, and shoes, at tho premises occupied by Mr. J. P. Ryan, of Fitzroy-street. 