South Australia. ADELAIDE, May 29. Admiral Lord Charles Scott has made reference to the Melbourne telegram stating unofficially that the Imperial authorities had upheld his claim to rank next to the Governor of the colony in which he happened to be, and before the Governors of the other colonies. Lord Charles Scott says that the precedence of the Governor has never been altered, and the Admiral goes next to the Governor of the colony. There is now in Adelaide a representative of the Vestved, a daily newspaper of Denmark, in the person of Emil Opquer. His passport is quite an interesting document, showing that he has tra velled all over the world. The chief object of his visit is to inquire whether there is an opening for Danish immigration. Mr. Wright, the Vice Consul for Denmark, informed him that under pre sent conditions he did not think it desirable to encourage the immigration of foreigners. ; Sunday. For a few days good rain has fallen in, the northern areas, where it was much wanted. The Customs notify that fresh fruit which con tains sulphurous acid or other preserves must be charged the duty on preserved fruit of 2d per lb. Monday. William Hill, dairyman, aged 61, was found in Parklands this morning with, a revolver-shot through his temple. He was of an eccentric dispo sition, and it is'supposed that he committed suicide. Four years ago the deceased was a candidate for the West Torrens district in the Assembly. Tuesday. ? The Treasurer has promised a deputation from -the Women's Suffrage League to assist the pass age of the Women's Suffrage Bill, though per sonally he could not vote for it. At the criminal sittings Henry Hunter, a middle* aged man was charged with lewdness. It was shown that previously he had been convicted for similar offences, and had been twice flogged. Medical evidence was forthcoming that the prisoner was suffering' from mental disorder, and Mr. Justice Bundey said that with the advancement of the age the time was not far distant when a tribunal of specially-skilled men would be formed to decide the sanity or other wise of criminals, ' and that on such criminals being found to be insane, they would be kept apart from their fellows, not as criminals but as a class not allowed to marry or propagate. The jury returned a verdict that the prisoner was insane, and he was ordered to be sent to an asylum. Theodore Vivian Ranch, who represented this colony at exhibitions at Paris. Melbourne, Calcutta, and Adelaide, died yesterday at Glenelg of typhoid, aged 34. The coastal country on the eastern side of Spencer Gulf, thence northwards to the Peake, also to Port Lincoln Peninsula, has been favoured with a good downpour of rain varying from the tenth of an inch to an inch and a-half in many places. Wednesday. The Government Geologist, Mr. Brown, re turned to Melbourne this morning, bringing a sample of Gippsland coal. Mr. Newberry stated that the. Leigh's Creek coal was good, and far superior to Gippsland. . Mr. Brown recommends the use of tho diamond drill to bore to a depth of 3000ft. at Leigh's Creek. The bore has already reached 1528ft. Messrs. Richardson and Patterson, members of the Legislative Assembly of Western Australia, will accompany the agricultural bureau in the trip to Renmark and Mildura. The party leave Adelaide on Saturday. The steamer Perma has been secured for the te'p, which will last a week. Mr. Tothill, a horse-trainer at Glenelg, was run over by a grocer's cart in Bang William-street yesterday, and has since died from the effects of the injuries he received. 