BRITISH AND F ^ 1 G N M E M S . 0^^^gr f 3 5 B t t p e " o r 5 u d g e B w r e There are »\ pward8 of 12 m ii es 0 f shelving for books in (h e British Muaeum. During thunderstorms the telegraph offices in Oerr Jttn y are temporarily cloBed. electric exhibition was lately opened at •* r *nkfurt in the presence pf Empress Fried- • . The hfcrbor-of 'Antwerp is to be enlarged, and the river Schelde in Belgium to be improved. The whole Northern Ohio was deluged on 3rd Jane, and the city of Cleveland was flooded. Edward M. Mowbray, the inventor of nitro glycerine, died at North Adams, Mass., on June 23. Tbe Russian scientific expedition has started for an exploration of South Buchara, Pamir, and Kafiriatan. In Munaterberg, Silesia, a man died at 105 years of age. He was born under Frederick the Great. Miss Frederickson has obtained the great golden medal of the University of Copenhagen For a treatise on pedagogy. A practical head in New Jersey will make the tremendous power of sea waves available for a water lifting machine. Recent returns show that half the national wealth of the United StateB is in the hands of not more than 2500 persons.. JoBeph K. Emmett, the actor, died at Corn 1 wall, New York, on the 16th June, of pneumonia. The deceased was well known in Australia. The ste?mer Beam has returned 667 Italian immigrants from the Argentine Republic and Brazil, owing to the desperate state of local affairs. A large portion of the north-west of Iowa was devastated by cloud bursts and gales on the 24th June. A 'great ' many" persons were dfSfrned. " ' - T Atthe nfketing of ttie German Warriors Union held at Halle, A.S., representatives pf 600 former soldiers from all parte ot Germany were present. The cult of Theosopby haB received a wide advertisement by the death pf Madamb' Bla- •vatsfcy, whbse place has been taken by Mrs, Annie Besant:' • Some tombs, datjing .back, to the sevjenth century B c, havpbten discovered in Athens, one x5IWhlch^oi^ianedfa' ckeletoh in a ! good etate of preservation. Father O'Neill has tendered apology to the 'bishop trf tfaedioceee for "having nominated Mr. Kettle, the Parnelllte candidate, at the recent-election at Carlow. At'a- garden party given by the Prince of Wales"&'t Marlborough House to meet the EmperorWilliam all the defendants in tbe late baccatat caBe were present. Charles Pfest, ot Germantownj P.A., has constructed a balloon which be expects to reach'Eiirope in "30 hours from-Pennsylvania. He starts about the 5th August. Dr; Saundere, the public analyst for the city of London, estimates that Londoners are paying between £60,000 and £70,000 a year for water sold under the name of milk. -The directors of the Imperial Theatres in Warsaw have bought 3000 opera glasses, placing each atthe.disposal.pf visitors at an-in o creased priebdf -admisBi sion bf-five 'kopekPi Five Pullman palace cars, to be usfed in con nection with the; Melbourne (express, were shipped by the Mariposafrom America. Four more will be sent next month by the Monowai Mr. Walter Besant advises young novelists to avoid commencing their stories "with lengthy descriptions of scenery. It is better, he says, to Select s striking phrase, such as " You are liar." Thimbles have been in use for 500 yean, as Is proven by a email bronze thimble found in the ruins of the castle of TSnnenberg, destroyed in 1399. Thumbbell is the origin ©I the Eng lish word. His Holiness argues for the regulation ol hours according to the class of work, and for Wages so liberal that si man can put by and invest alter the household and family wants are supplied. The Baptist clergymen of Boston disagreed on the subject of Masonry. One or two ministers who belong to tVe order have left the conference rather than hear it abused by their fellow religionists. The swarm ol grasshoppers which menaced the wheat crop of the Yuba Compauy, California, were killed by a timely fall ot hail on the 28th May. Some of the stones were as large as gooseberries. The members of the Chicago branch of the Farmers' Alliance are urging the agriculturists of the States to withhold their,cropB, otherwise they aver tbey will be ruined by the " bearing" operations of'New York syndicates. Simultaneously almost with the news of Captain Yemey'e imprisonment came the announcement of the publication of a volume of stories called "The Grey Pool," by the late Lidy Verney, the culprit's step-mother, A Burgh Commissioner, not far from Glas row, some time ago rounded of a speech with the quotation, "Man's inhumanity to man makes countless thousands mourn,"' uijfortu uately adding —"as the Sawmist Dam-it Bays 1" "Commander" Ballington Booth, of the Salvation Army, and his wife, arrived at San Francisco on 24 th'June, and were received by tbe army with ostentatious parade. They made a visit of inspection throughout the States. The literary activityof Germany "is simply phenomenal. The statistics for 1890, whicli have recently been compiled,-again show an increase, this' time of 889 publications over the year before. Now the grand total is 18,875. The Egyptian Government has decided to appoint two European inBpectorB to insure the preservation of aDcient monuments. It lias also approved of definite regulations as to tbe conditions under which excavations shall in future be carried out. At Prague, Bohemia, a great Czach-French festival of fraternisation lately took place, when 4000 pereonB were present. The Marseillaise*'was sung 17 times, and a banner was borne by students bearing the inscription " Vive la France." The Russian Government has ordered that German purchasers shall only be allowed to buy in Russian boundary markets when tbe local customers bave been supplied. This new law seems to similar to one passed in the middle ages of Western Europe. The number of persons apprehended within the London metropolitan police district for drunkenness and disorderly conduct has risen from 20,658 in 1887 to 27,358 in 1889, whilst the average number of summonses againBt drink houses in the same period was 146. Simuel Dixon, of Toronto, is making preparations to cross Niagara Falls on a wire. He will begin tbe journey at 9 o'clock in the evening, and will be followed by a powerful calcium light half way acrois, and when this ceases midway a fireworks display will begin. The Nord Deutsche Lloyd has forwarded in .1890 to New York .84,380 persons, and during the last ieu yeara ori the -satae line 731,286 persons to New York, which, calculating those brought frott "New York in exchange, bring*, the' ritamber.to T niarIy a milliop peispnB. A. terribly extravagant jmH^diBhonestlclerk named Goille has appeared in the Assize Court ot the Seinf under tbe followingcircumstances: ifiK was.e&plqyed;: by a stockbroker, and in the epa'ce of five years had, by means of forged documents, defrauded Ills masfor of £40,000. An exhibition , representing the flora and fauna, of Africa has'been opened at. Vienna, undfer tbe'leadership of tihe Mrican-exploref, Br. Emil-Hplub.' The^boriginalsas Uvipgin their hfc\s are.rfcpYei&l;»d by models'formed of jlaster' ofvParik, and the whole is very life jke. .. - . A vei»erftble,'cbuplerwhoia:j oint -ages • make up a total of 164 years havejuBt been united in the bonds of wedlock by the mayor of Ivry. Their " witnesses " attained amongst them the respectable figure of 249 years, but they were regarded almost as juvenile by the bride and bridegroom. In Great Britain the total amount of railway securities is estimated at the gigantic sum of nine hundred millions sterling, the Annual revenue at something like seventy-seven millions. The mere accounts, correspondence, and clerical' work in general occupy, it ap pears, a staff of more than 45,000 clerks. The Welsh newspapers record the death of Mrs.' Jones, inmate oMhe Swansea Wprkhouse, whoseage was recorded in the recent census return as 104. Mrs. Jones was during her maiden life ^companion to a lady who travelled n the Continent. ;Both were expelled from France atthetimeth&t; Bonaparte escaped from Elba. Brigandage continues on the island of Ouba. Most horrible atrocities are practised, such as cutting off the: limbs of the victims and burn ing them alive when money is refused. The plunder is evenly divided by the bandits between the soldiers and the police, and the outlaws rob and murder with perfect im punity. . Only 35,264 persons were entered as emi grants to the British colonies in 1837, of whom 29 884 went to North America, and 5054 to Australasia. In 1887 the figures were 32,025, 34,183, and 4909 respectively. In 1889 the numbers were28,269 to British North America, 28,294 to Australasia, and 28,461 to other colonies. The arrivals in London of alienB of every description were about 4000 more in 1890 than in the previous year; and this corresponds almost exactly with the increase ot arrivals in London from Hamburg in the same year. The total number of such arrivals last year is placed at about 9000 by the Chief Commissioner of Police for the metropolis. A young Russian lieutenant, by name Bach' mostoff, is trying to emulate the feat of Cap tain Pyeshkoff, by walking all the way from ViadivoBtock to St. Petersburg, accompanied by his dogs. Bachmostoff, who has walked over 7000 miles, has already arrived at Kazan on the Volga, in capital health. He haB now been over a year on the journey. A Times correspondent records a delightful anecdote of Moltke. People were discussing the merits of the greatest generate, and ol course were telling him how hiB namewould stand by the Bide of Hannibal, Ca^ar, W alien etein, Tursenne, Napoleon, "No, he said "I have no right to stand by their Bide. ^ have never in my life commanded a retreat. A Chinaman, Ah Qaong Tin by name, was recently acquitted of the crime of murdering a Prnto lnohn on the Walker River reservation, Mono County, California. He was forcibly taken from the court-room by some members of the tribe to which the murdered man belonged and literally hacked to pieces. Damages will be demanded from the United States Government ' The United States consul at Gibraltar reports that no fewer than 31 foreign steamships touched at that port daring the last four months, carrying 20,065 Italian emigrants to the United States. Every steamer sailing for New York is filled to the utmoBt capacity with ignPrant and undesirable people. ; He says that he is informed that certain districts in Southern Italy are virtually depopulated of men. Tornadoes are reported from Kentucky Missouri, iand Kansas on the 22nd June. The Missouri is 23^tt. above low water mark, and great loss of property is feared. At tbe rate the river was cutting the land away at the last reports it would require but a short time to place Elwood suburb on the island, leaving St. Joe two miles from the river, and its new million dollar bridge uselessly spanning a dry spot. The damage in Southern Kentucky was very heavy. At Lima a tornado played havoc with the buildings and crops, and the Presbyterian Church at Salem was shattered. At Clyde hailstones broke the windows and tbe door panels in the houses and stores. A church and several buildings were wrecked at Salina. Extensive areas in Indiana, Wisconsin, and Iowa also felt the fury of the storm. At the entrance to Superior Bay on the lake the waves were 30 to 40 feet high, and broke over the lighthouse. M. Corti, late Italian Consul in New Orleans, in his report on the recent lynching of his. country men in that city, says the victims belonged to. no particular society, but were murdered simply- because they were Italians and competitors in the labor markets, Furthermore, that after the lynching he and his secretary barricaded themselves in the consulate, and the. lynchers were only pre vented from attacking that place by the intervention of influential citizens. It'doesn't doto write letters to. American actresBes telling them'that,you arfe desperately in love with them and want to lie down at .their feet and die. Indeed, it is dangerous at St. Loui^j An admirer of thissort recently wrote a letter to Miss Georgina Lingard, and that lady, considering theletter very improper and indecent.- obtained the aid of a professional sister,'and, making - an appointment, went out and soundly horse-whipped the fellow. Then she had him up in court after wards.. \- ' The Liverpool Star (England) caused sensation- lately by attacking tbe Manchester Cabal ent^yprise^ Bp imprscticabl^ .one, and giving some startling *facts to uphold its assertions. The Stor.decjLared that an unforeseen obstacle.i&a; tJtetf^ojintered in the shape of a huge 'deposit of roclc atitfie entrance, involving the expense of excavating 406,000 cubic yards bf granite. This-woiild' add a round million of pounds to the cost of the work above the current estimates. The canal has since been opened. ' Tremendous hurricianes swept over South Dakota on 2nd June, leaving in their wake demolished larm houses, and human beings killed and ipjured. AtDarlington, Wisconsin on the same -day, hailstones as large as hens' eggs fell, and di.d incalculable' damage to tbe crops at Keokuk, Iowa. An electric storm raged. The. crpBs ;pf thB EpiBCppal Church ^as cut in two by a bolt. "The apparatus of the Keokuk ElectticrBtreet Railway Company was ruined, also personal injuries suffered by several citizens. Many tall stories have been told of Indian conjurers,.bqt one of the tallest of all occurs in a book published in 1689, where it Is said that, " Among the men whose employment it is to divert epectators.with amazing shows and sights, some, they say, will.take in their hands a clew of thread, and throw it upward in the air till it all unravels, and they, climbing up themselves by this tender thread to the top of it, presently fall down piecemeal upon the ground and when all is dropped, unite again the parted members." ' Sir Eflward'Watkin is said to have found a use for Sppwdon. He lately acquired the mountain hy auction, and the question as to what he would do with it " considerably exercised the public mind. It is gratifying to learn that he means to use it as a country retreat. The situation is a healthy one, and the views are superb. . But this is not aU. Sir Edward is going to set up an electric light on the roof of his ct4iet, which will be visible "not only over a great part of Wales and England, but as far as Ireland." According to the Zotlmsche Zeilung, the military travels of Emperor William.during this autumn have beeu fixed. In the first days of September the monarch will pay visit to the. Emperor oT Austria and witness the Austrian macceavres ; from the 8th to 12th September, thoBe of Bavaria, in the neighborhood of Munchen. . The so-called Imperial manoeuvres will begin on the 12ih September near Erfurt. On these travels the Emperor will be nccompanied by the Imperial Chancellor, General von Caprivi, who does not intend claiming leave of absence this year. The fast sailing steamer " Faret Bismarck " has had a splendid run from Hamburg to New York, surpassing the previous quickest trip by 7£ hours. A comparison between German and English steamers, taking Southampton and New York as a parallel, shows :—" Furst Bipmarck, duration of voyage 158 hcurs (6 days 14 hours); Columbia, 165 hours ; Normannia, 166 hours j City of Paris, 166 hours; Majestic, 170 hours ; City of New York, 193 hours; Spree, 200 hours. The Hamburg American Packet Boat Co. in Hamburg, whose representative in New York is Herr Carl Schurz, has received a congratulatory telegram on the bappy event. Nieleon, a Councillor of War, who recently died in Schleswig, was known as a declared enemy of matrimony. Before his death he willed to his servant and a female cook 20,000 Danish crowns each, under the condition that the portion of one should fall to the lot of the other so Boon as the servant or the cook entered the married state. No sooner was the councillor dead than tbe two married each other and settled down in Hamburg, where they have been for six years. The relatives residing in Copenhagen, who only lately received information, consider that the conditions referring to marriage have been broken by the two contracting parties, and claim the 40,000 crowns. The matter is in the hands of the lawyers. The decision of the law courts is anxiously expected. The largest book, or rather series of volumes containing a single work, is to be found in the Chinese department of the British Museum. It is an encyclopaedia of Chinese literature from 1100 bc. to 1700 a.d., and covers, therefore, a period of 28 centuries. It is in 5020 volumes and was purchased by the British Government a few years ago for £1500. This wonderful work owes its origin to the Emperor Kang-be, who reigned from 1662 to 1722, and is arranged in six divisions, each dealing with a particular branch of knowledge and literature. These divisions are designated:—1, writings relating to the heavens ; 2, writings concerning the earth ; 3, writings about mankind ; 4, writings on in- animate nature ; 5, philosophical writings ; and 6, writings relating to political economy. Minister Carter, the representative of the Hawaiian kingdom at Washington, has called the attention of bis government to what the United States is doing with the South American republics on the subject of more intimate trade relations, and recommended fuller reciprocity between the United States and Hawaii. Sis suggestibns have, solar as he knows, been looked upon favorably^ No positive action has, however, been taken with respect to the recommendations. He will visit Honolulu this eummer, and will then probably discuss this subject with the Government officials. Mr. Carter says the old treaty between the United States and Hawaii has four or five years to run, and that no new treaty has been drafted or negotiated.. The sensational reports as to the probable replacement of American by English influence ia the island kingdom are all nonsense. - - The Honduras'Xum'ber Company, composed of American capitalists, has been formed at Chicago,"^with a p^id-up capital of 2,500 000 iol., according to the Mississippi Lumberman. The company, of which C.' Sherman Wynn is president,. possesses" a etumpage of 2,000,000 acres of land on the Atlantic coaBt, about 100 miles east of Truxill in Honduras, and has the privilege of working it for twenty-five years, free of taxation. The wood on the property is valued at 7,773,000dol., and consists ot rosewood, ebony,' sandalwood, mahogany, sapodilB, pine, etc. : -Mills' will be erected in a short time which will turn ont 1,000,000ft. of lumber every day, and, in connection 1 with the mills, furniture will be manufactured. Everything manufactured or milled will be shipped to the Litin-America'n States aa far south as Buenos Ayres, and also to a great extent to the United States and Europe. The revolution in Hayti was of a more serious nature than was at firBt reported. Martial law was,declared.- Some 60 persons were shbt on the 25ch May. General Hippolyte had everything in bis own hands. Killing went on at the rate of two or three a day. Mail advices say the time was like a revival of the massrere of St. Bartholemew. The outbreak occurred on 23rd May. A former Cabinet Minister at the head of a band of wellarmed followers stormed the prison and released 200 prisoners, who were provided with arms, and when Hippolyte's troops arrived there waB a bloody battle. Tbe rebeh were - routed. Their leaders were Bhot at once by nightfall. Forty men were put to death. Others who were captured were shot on the three following days. Every man suspected of being in sympathy with the insurgents was shot at once without triaL Most of the 200 prisoners released from g vol by the insurgents were recaptured and snot. Three hundred persons were put to death altogether. An amusing case came on at Bloomsbury County Court recently. The plaintiff, a musical instrument maker, sued a gentleman named Wills for £31 10 the price of an orchestral musical box. Counsel for plaintiff said the instrument, purchased in February, was warranted to play certain tunes, including " What should we do without Parnell," " Wait till we catch M'Carthy," " Why we hanged Tim Healy," and " Salisbury is the saviour of old Ireland." Counsel said the defendant was a staunch Tory democrat, and wanted the orcheatron specially for an anti-Liberal demonstration. He was particularly anxious to have the last tune, because the " Women's Parnell Defence Association " of Bristol so much liked it. The defence, he believed, was tbat the orchestron whon it arrived turned out to be a staunch M'Carthvite instrument that stubbornly refused to play the desired tunes. Plaintiff, however, alleged that it was because defendant did not know how to work tbe concern. He would brir»3 evidence to show the orchestron's excellent qualities. After seme further proceedings the case was struck'out. 