StfMMABY. Plan of Campaign collapsed. London tailors' strike ended. J. 6. Blaine is out and about again. Gunnodah hospital ball was n great success. The chaso of the Itata has been abaudoned. Commons uot going on with jNovvtouiiulancl Coercion Bill. Smith-Barry tenants havo paid their rents. Tippcrary item. Italy, Austria, and-Germany arranging new alliance. The Minister for Works thinks that the publication of the Bare Island scandal is suffi. cient puuishment for Mr. Baruut, thu t-x- Colonial Architect. Colonel do Wolski can rest satisfied in having done a good action. The Premier will wait on the Governor on Monday afternoon. The three Protectionists well ahead of the Free-trader in tlia Wellington election. The newly-elected for Wellington will probably not have a cbanco of taking the oath. The report on Bare Island should teach a lesson to careless civil servants. The Monaro-ouast railway route suggested by Mr. Hurrah is to be further investigated by that gentleman. If the Local Government and Electoral Bills could bo polished off before July, then why not later in the session is a point on which thu Premier did not enlighten the Cuomo peopio last night. Active preparations for a general cleotion are being Btarted in nil parts of the country. In reply to the Trades and Labor Council Mr. Camitlioro had to point out aome of the defects in the Education Act which the Pre luier claims to father. , The Education Department apparently wants greater powers to enforce compulsory attendance of children at school. Throe hundred and fifty .South Australian cattle have been successfully inoculated against tjleuro- puoumonia from virus obtained in Bris bane. Emil Opquer, representing a Coponlingon daily paper, the Vestviui, is in Adelaide to find out whether Danish immigration is desir able. His Consul lias tendered a polite nega tive. The unionist shearers at Cunnamullu are drilling with sticks. mi,„ n-.i mm but jr mo uuiiik ruuuiiny rcvuueu from the disaffected districts in Queens land. t The Education Department wants sugges tions with regard to the administration of the Education Act. Ministers nro sitting in their offices stiff awaiting their fate, and the oraole will not speak definitely. Tho Premier will be in town at 4 p.m. on Monday, and is expected to wait on the Governor. Some of the Ministers want to retain control of tho elections in order that thoy may get a« largo a minority as possible. Tiie Bare Island defenc-o works will in future be known as the bare-faced works. The Postmaster-General is away with tho Premier at Couma. What will tho Government do is still nn un answered question, and Ministers to much want to know themselves. Opinions differ as to tho issues to be put before the country at the forthcoming elec tion. What's yours? Some Amber Ale — Standard Brewery brand. Look out for label on the hotels." At a meeting of members of tho North Annandale Progress Assooiation, Mr. J. Bain was elected president, vice Mr. It. M'Dougall, resigned. Mr. Charles Cobden. clerk to the Groat Western Milling Co., Liinited, Milthorpo, while engaged at his work at the mill, suddenly exclaimed, " Catch me, 1 am going to have a lit !" and fell down dead without a struggle. The death is attributed to heart disease. Shearers' President Spence says that strikes in tho future will be a thing of the past. Tho five-masted ocean monster La France has arrived at Newcastle. ' The Chilian ladies are selling their jewellery to provide arms for the insurgents. Sir Suul Samuol was enthusiastically ap plauded at Vienna. "Did you take a mental noto of it V queried a lawyer yesterday of a Scotch shearer at the Quarter Sessions. " Oh, that is too much' of a jaw-breaker for me," said tho witness, who proved a very amusing one. " It must have been an accident for a police man to havo beeu about just when ho was wanted," remarked a lawyer at the Quarter Sessions yesterday, to the amusement of the whole court. Now that Sir Henry ParkeB' letters to tho Victorian Premier are known tho disgust at ins uciiuu is increasing. The Governments of Victoria and South Australia aro moving to havo the auxiliary squadron rendozvous in King George'9 Sound. The Imperial authorities aro, at the instance of the South Australian Government, to lie nuked to alter tho plan of sending the vessels, of tho squadron to Sydney via Torres Straits. The people of Melbourne' aro displaying the greatest interest in La Bernhardt. She entered a shop to make some purchases, and u thousand people blocked tho roadway. She went to the Princess to see tho "Old Guard," and the audience cheerod and cheered again. United States Government have abandoned tho pursuit of the Itata. London Jewish tailors strike on Sunday. Tho better tlie day tho better the deed. ' A quarantine station has been established in the lied Sea owing to tho prevalence of cholera. Chilian insurgents threaten to bombard Val paraiso. The Czar has abandoned hi3 journey to Moscow at the last moment. Too many plots floating in the air. , The Public Works Committee will proceed with the cable tramways on Tuesday, provided that the dissolution of Parliament doos not intervene. The contractor for Bare Island is not to be allowed to make good faulty work, but the Minister wants £6343 3s. 5d. from him. The Tekapo was granted pratique yesterday after a child suffering from measles had been removed to quarantine. ' . The largest ship in the world may come from Newcastle to Sydney to complete load ing. ' The Eyeleigh tunnel fatality inquest will start again on Tuesday. That dissolution must come is the general opinion. Minister for Lands hails with satisfaction release from the troubles of office. Tiie special ureas administration has nobpopulnrised him. Bread has gone tip to famine prices in North Germany. If I - 1 .1- Tn P tttlli!; UUc cAjllCJccU lis TUvl vUUo W land for towing its warship, the Seiguelay, off a Blind ban I;. A bill to prohibit sealing operations in the Behriug Sea for a certain number of seasons is $o be introduced into the British House of Commons. Grocers requiring choicest factory butter select at Foley Bros., 115 Sussex-street, tlie direct agents for choicest 'brands.'" Warby's Hotel, King and Pitt streets. Tho above Hotel has been fitu-d up in a lirst-olasa style, and affoi dssplendidaccoin. for visitors and permanent boarders, at a veryinoderaiecharge. For terms, address Ed. Lang, Warby's Hotel. Tho best place for nn industrious man to make a home willi tho least money is at Sutherland, illawarra line, 15 miles from Sydney, eight trains daily, Public school. Ninety-nine years' leases, 3 acres, good laud well watered, for gardens, orchards, poultry, bees, &c.;, for 2s. 3d. a week ; can make wages out of firewood. Holt-Suihprlaiid Estate Company, 3 O'Connell- street, Sydney. "Dublin Freeman," "United Ireland," "Irish Gatholio," " Catholic Times," etc. Finn Bros.und Co,, 530 George-st. (nrBathurst-st.). Adam Bede, the Original Promoter. July Handicap, July ISth, 1SS1. 4000 at 10. Address, Adam Bede, c.o. Abbott, Post-oflico- chauibers, Sydney, New South Wales. When vour watches, clocks or jewellery want repairs try K. B. Smith <k Hansen, 10 Oxford-sc. Tattersall on Tattersall's Winter, June G, also A.J.C. Winter, Juno 13, each 10,000, at 10 each. A pply Tattersall, earn of G. Adams, Pitt-streot. TattorsaU's nro the only genuinely successful consultations in tho colonies. 