South Australia. Adelaide, Jane 12. Id accordance with the terms of the Uivil Service dot, the Minister for.Eduoation will grant the applloation of Mr. J. B. Maddeford, one of the telegraphic operators affected by the verdict of the board, whioh lately reported on the matter or the telegraphic leakage, for a board of inquiry. One of the three operators whose services have been dispensed with has sent in a letter denying the oharge made against him. Adelaide, June 13. The Colleotor of Customs received a telegram from the engineer for ports and harboura at Melbourne, as to the fioding of the boat Lotus. It belongs to a hetoh owned at Fort Adelaide, and was lost from Beaobport tbreo weeks ago. The vessel is qaite safe. A telegram has been despatched iram Ade laide to the Academy of 8oienoes at Stookholm, notifying that 8b Thomas Elder's contribution of 65,000 to Baron Nordenskjold's Antarotio ex ptdiUon is still available it ha is assured that the snm of £15,000, whioh it is proposed to he raised, is adequate for the equipment of the party. It ie intended that the vessels of the expedition shall visit Fort Adelaide and several other Australian parts before leaving for the Antarotio regions. Count Machmeister, a Swedish nobleman, has been in Adelaide during the past Week, engaged in aotively promoting the intereBts of the expedition. In the conrse of an interview with the Danish vioe-oonsul in Adelaide, Mr. F. W. Were, the consul-general for Denmark in Melbourne, stated that he agreed that it was undesirable, under present oircumstances, to enoouiage in discriminate foreign immigration to Sonth Australia. However, he would be only-too pleaeed to facilitate the introduction of carefully seleoted Danish domeetio servants, who would be certain to find employment. Shearing is about to commence in Sonth Australia,landmen are being engaged under the paetoraliata* agreement. i Aeexidh, Jane 16. The barque Meridian, from Mauritius, took the ground off Cray's Point, Adelaide, yester day morning. Three togs unsnooessfnlly at tempted to get her off, but she, nevertheless, floated with the rising tide. ' — " Mr. E. Amend Wright, an old and highly esteemed colonist, died saddehly of heart disease yesterday.1 Dr. Warren, medical • officer at Kiliston, also died suddenly. • ATi»T.'iTTVff^ Jwia Ifl. It is the intention of the Government to oon nect the reservoirs in the Zeetalow water con servation scheme by means of steel pipes, which are to be locally made. A deputation waited on the Hallway Com missioners asking for a modification of the rail way tariff! The commissioners were usable to grant the request, as it would be in oonfliot with the reoommendatlonB of the railway con ference between Hew Sonth Wales, Victoria, and South Australia. The members of the Central Agricultural Bureau have returned to Adelaideftomavisit to the Mildora and Benmark irrigation colonies. 