SOUTH AUSTRALIA. ADELAIDE, May 29. The Marine Board have held an inquiry into the stranding of the Glamis at Kingston, on May 12. They have decided that the casualty was due to negligence on the part of the chief officer in not fixing or recording, the position of the vessel when finally anchor- ing. The Board are also of opinion that the master is blameable in having an inexperi- enced and uninstructed apprentice on watch all night. They also point out that there was no light on the binnacle. No material damage havinge been sustained by the vessel, the Board do not propose to take further action. The result of the ballot taken by the Port Augusta branch of the Amalgamated Shear- ers' Union, on the question of all members staying at home until engaged through the Union office is regarded as satisfactory, there being fully 95 per cent in favour of this course. The Union agents anticipate that sheep owners will have a difficulty in getting shearers to shear in consequenoe of the un- settled state of shearing matters. The com- mittee of the branch have expressed the deepest sympathy with the Queensland Unionists. The first meeting of the Adelaide share- holders in the Central mine, Broken Hill, was held this morning. Mr.Baker, M.L.C., presided, and there was a fair attendance of share- holders. There is practically £10,261 to the credit of the Company, and an overdraft of £13,625, which is attributable to the assets not being immediately realisable. More ore is in sight than has ever before been the case. Sir Wm Milne was re- elected a director. Three hundred and fifty cattle have been successfully inoculated against pleuro-pnen- monia from virus obtained from Brisbane. The Government have sent a cablegram to the Agent General asking him to support the request ef Victoria to the Admiralty that the Australian Auxiliary Squadron should sail via Albany. The Governor has also sent a cablegram to Lord Knutsford to the same effeot. There is now in Adelaide, in the person of Emit Opffen, a representative of the Veetved, a daily newspaper of Denmark. His passport is quite an interesting dooument, showing that he has travelled all over the world. The chief object of his visit is to enquire whether there is an opening for Danish immigration. Mr. Wright, the Vice Consul for Denmark, has informed him that under present conditions he does not think it desirable to enoourage immigration of foreigners. The Government of South Australia have decided to take the preliminary step of ask- ing Parliament to consider the Common- wealth Bill, with the view of suggesting any amendment that may appear to them wise to adopt. Afterwards Parliament will be asked whether or not, in their opinion, another Federal Convention should be called for the purpose of going over the Bill again. It is probable that the Government will propose that the Bill be referred directly to the electors of the Province for their vote —aye or ne—upon it. The idea of electing a convention, as proposed in Queensland, to decide on the merits of the Bill, is not re- garded with much favour here. In view of the political crisis in New South Wales, and the likelihood that the discussion of the Bill both in that colony and Victoria will be considerably protracted, the Minis- try do not intend to press the Bill very quickly. It is recognised also that the mem- bers require some time to become thoroughly acquainted with the published proceedings of the Federal Convention. Mr. Goyder, Government Assayer, has fur- nished the Commissioner of Crown Lands with the following analysis of a sample of brown coal from the Leigh's Creek bore, from a depth of 1,512 -feet :-Volatile hydro- carbons 28.90, coke ash deducted 39.94, mois- ture 21.05. The non- caking ash is mode- rately white. ADELAIDE, May 30. Mr Oswald Brown, the eminent engineer, who has been on a brief visit to the oolony at the request of the Government, leaves for London by the R.M S. Oceanien tooday. ADELAIDE, June 1. At the Port Adelaide Police Court, this morning, an interesting case, arising out of the recent maritime strike, came on for hear- ing. A lighterman, named Peterson, sued the Adelaide Steam-tug Company for wages alleged to be due to him. From the evidence, it appeared that the plaintiff and others were engaged to load the lighter Uritbes and the German steamer Dresden, and that after doing this they were told to load the Joliba, and to take two lighters to the anchorage at the Semaphore. Just as they were hauling away from the wharf they heard t'hat the Association men on the lighters had been called out, and that they were not allowed to handle cargo. The lighters were taken to the Semaphore, and as the steamer had not arrived the men were taken ashore and never returned, and the work was com- pleted by non-unionists. The plaintiff sued for wages for the work already performed in loading, and the Steam-tug Company refused on the ground that his contract was not fulfilled. The case was nonsuited, and this called forth warm remarks on the part of the plaintiff's counsel, who described it as a shocking decision. Mr. Playford has promised a deputation from the Women's Suffrage League to assist the passage of the Woman's Suffrage Bill through Parliament, though personally he will not vote for the Bill. At the criminal sittings of the Supreme Court, to-day, Henry Hunter, a middle- aged man, was charged with lewdness. It was shown that he had been four times previously convicted ef similar offences, and that he had been twice flogged. Medical evidence was forthcoming to show that the prisoner was suffering from mental disorder. Mr. Justice Bundey said that, with the general advancement of the age, the time was not far distant when a tribunal, oomposed of specially skilled men, would be formed to decide the sanity, or otherwise of criminals, and on such criminals being fonnd insane they would be kept apart from their fellows, not as crimi- nals, but as a class not allowed to marry and propagate their species. The jury returned a verdict that the prisoner was insane, and he was ordered to be sent to the asylum. The Governor and Admiral Lord Charles Scott inspected the gunboat Protector, to- day. The working of the Labour Society rules in the baking trade is giving great dissatis- faction, and further trouble is expected. ADELAIDE, June 3. The Mayor of Adelaide entertained Admiral Lord Charles Scott and the officers of H.M.S. Orlando at the Town Hall to-day. His Lord- ship, in response to the toast of his health, took oocasion to refer to the new ships of the Australian auxiliary squadron. He said that they wonld have been finished by November last, had it not been for the diffi- culty in the labenr markets. Had they been finished they would have come to their destination via Albany, and the present squadron would have met them there. Three ont of the seven ships would be stationed at Sydney as a reserve, and the other five would go cruising. The crews of H.M.S. Curacoa, Rapid, and Lizard would have to go home by the troopship Himalaya, owing to the neces- sity of crews going home at a particular time. He imagined that the Admiralty had decided that the new ships should come out via Torres Straits, so as to be in Sydney at the proper time. He had only seen the re- ports in the papers, but from what he had read he concluded this was the reason the Admiralty had in deciding that the ships shonld not come via Albany. He hoped to be able to bring four of the new ships into South Australian waters as a squadron. He had seen the failures of some of the ships re- corded, but their successes had not been men- tioned. Their speed exceeded the expecta- tions formed by one knot. This was due to the natural draught which was the best rneans of shewing what a ship could really do. This new fleet meant an addition of 800 officers and men, and a large amount of money would be spent in the colonies in con- sequence. Already the annual expenditure on the Orlando, amounted to £50,000 per annum. Lord Charles Scott's remarks were received with applause. The Government Geologist, Mr. Browne, returned from Melbourne thus morning bring- ing a sample of the Gippsland coal. Mr Cosmo Newberry stated to him that the Light Creek coal was a good and useful fuel, and far superior to that from Gippsland. Mr. Browne recommends that a type type of diamond drills to cost £2000, apart from the tub- ing, should bore to a depth of 3,000 feet. The bore at Leigh's Creek reached coal at 1528 ft. The last of the core was dirty, and it is possible that the bore had just gone through the seam, which so far has been proved to be thirty feet thick. Messrs. A. B. Richardson and W. Paterson, members of the West Australian, Legislative Assembly, will accompany the members of the Agricultural Bureau on their trip to Ren- mark and Mildara. The party are leaving Adelaide on Saturday. The steamer Pearl has been secured for the trip, which will last a week. M. Tothill, the well-known horse-trainer of Glenelg, who was run over by a grocer's cart in King William-street, yesterday, died from the effets of his injuries this morning. ADELAIDE, June 4. The second session of the thirteenth Parli- ament of South Australia was opened by the Earl of Kintore to-day. In his speech the Governor referred to his visit to the Northern Territory, and to his trip overland. He claimed that it had afforded him the best opportunities of observing the varied and valuable resources of that Northern depen- dency, and he hoped that his travels might result in bringing those resources under pub- lic notice. The Commenwealth Bill would be brought prominentiy into notice, and Parliament would be invited to determine the best means of submitting the question to the electors. In accordance with the resolutions passed during last session the Government had entered into negotiations with a syndicate for the extension of the railway on the land grant system from Port Augusta to Eucla, with a view to meeting the line to be constructed by the same Syndicate from Albany to Eucla, thus providing a system that would place the capital cities of the whole of the Australian colonies in direct railway communication. with each other. Copies of the preliminary agreement would be submitted for the ap- proval of Parliament before any final agree- ment was completed. Negotiations had also been opened with reference to the completion of the Great Trans-continental Railway on the land grant system. Among the Bills in- troduced would be Bills for establishing free education, for water conservation in the interior, for reducing the term of office of members of the Legislative Council ; and to increase the number of districts, to in- crease the number of Ministers, to provide single electorates for the House of Assem- bly. The general feeling is that the speech is colourless. The proceedings in both Houses after the reading of the speech were brief and unimportant. The Federal Convention report was brought up in both Houses, and notice of motion was given tendering thanks to the delegates for their services. Mr. West Erskine has resigned his seat in the Legis- lative Council. Both Houses adjourned until Tuesday. ADELAIDE, June 4. At the Supreme Court today, Henry Con- greve Evans, and Alfred Thos. Chandler, proprietors of Quiz, a weekly comic paper, were charged with a criminal libel on Mr. Ives, Professor of Music at the Adelaide University. Before the plea was recorded Mr. Symon said that the parties had confer- red, and the result was that the defendants expressed their regret at the insertion of the libel; and agreed to pay the Professor's costs, amounting to £50, and the defendants' coun- sel having consented to this arrangement, the case was settled. A young man named Cremer, working on board the steamer Victorian, fell overboard last night at Goolwa, and was drowned. The inquest on the remains of the late Harry Tothill, the well-known trainer, has resulted in a verdict of accidental death. 