BRITISH AND .FQREj.(N ITEMS. I FROM OOR EXCHANGES/ ' London, September 1. In colonial circles the impression is that Lord Ripon will nettle tho constitutional difficulty in Now Zealand very much upon tho snmo lines as those adopted by Sir Miclmol Htcks-Beach, who was Secretary of State for the Colonics ut tho titno of the deadlock botwoon tlio two brandies of the Victorian Legislature in 1879. Hainan), tho rebel chief, threatens to bolioad the Moorish prisoners if tho Govornor of Taqgjej-s executes (he An- ghoritcs who" were captured in the rccoot encounter. -Tho British posla! authorities'' are desirous of paying only Postal Union rates for tho carriage of letters on the Paoifio mail reuto to Now Zealand, instead of lis per lb, as nt present. An onormous sum of monoy has boon subscribed toallovmto tho jisirossexisting in Hamburg in oonscqounco of tlie prevalence of cholera. No well proved caso of Asiatic cholera has beon discovered in Great Britain except those imported from Ham burg. September 2. Cholera has spread to Lenzburg, Upper Styria, Silesia, Luxomburg, Cliarlotten- burg, and Bnda. There wero 247 deaths in Hamburg yesterday, chiofly in tbe sabnrbs. Many of the victims die soon . after they aro attacked. Twenty-three I : i towns in Germany, are infoctod .with the disease. - Aliihulilhco contraeis' havo boon arranged at Borlin to curty 1000 patients per day to.llic hospitals, whore great pro- piirntiond. are being made for the treatment of the diso'nso; Cholera riots havo taken pluco at Ynroslnv, in Hicsia. Twenty soldiera wero killed, and 200 rioters were killed or wounded. Tho hospitals and other building wero wrecked, and several doctors murdered... .The . damage to pro perty is cstimnlcd at sovurul million roubles. Cholera tins incroated at Moscow with the return of tho warm weather. U.K. II. Princess Christian is onrolling trained mirsos to attend to cholera patients in Europe, Dr W. G. Grace and tho presidents of the leading Univorsity Alhlotio Clubs havo joined the committee of . management of tho Pan-BrittanioFostivol.; . ; . Straits tin is quoted at £93 for dolivury three months hpnae. , Tho wheat and ' Hour market is rather firmer, owing to tho recent heavy rains. South Australian wheat .is Ormcrat 33> Gd por 4961b, bx warehouse ; Victorian is firm at 33s per 4961b, and New Zealand at 32s 6d. Danish butter is Boiling at 110s per cwt. Tho third match between tho Gentlemen and Players of England comuionced this morning. Ferris the ex-Australian, was tho horo of tho day. He took six of the Playors' wickets for 71 runs, and carried his bat right through tho innings for 62. Tlio wickets' woro soft, and the scoriug small. Tho Kont and Surrey Bulling Society hns failed, and the Beoretary, whoso defalca tions amount to upwards of £40,000, has absconded, Tho head ofiico of (ho eooioty was at Woolwich, nnd its members and depositors woro chiefly workmen employed at tho arsenal works. Professor Pickoriog, who has been con ducting a olose observation of Mars from Peru, t olographs that ho has discovered eleven lakes and two mountain ranges on the surface of that planet. General Booth intimates that ho is about to commenco tho pawobroking business on tho Parisian system in connection with army work. The following is tho betting on tho DoncaBter St Legor, which is to bo run on WodneBdny s— Evon ngat Ormo, 11 to 2 ngst La Flccho and Sir Hugo, 10 to 1 Watercress. William Gentlo, the Adelaide dofaullor, who has been extradited to South Aus tralia, will leave .England in. charge of Sergeant Cnmbell per R.M.s. Orizaba, on Soptember 9. Tho susponsion of the London General Bank, a small concern financially, has pulled down the Liberator Permanent Building Society. ' September 4. Tho directors of' -tho Liberator Per manent Building and Inveutmont Society announce that the depositors will bo paid in rotation of priority of applica tion. Tho recent gales and heavy rains have severely damaged tho hop crop. The Kont crop, however, is expoctod to bo about an averngOi yield. J. L. Sullivan is favorite for tho fight which is to tako placo between Sullivan and J. Corbett on September 7, at the Coney Island Club, for< tho championship of the United States and 4500 dollars. The hotting is 1000 to 800 on Sullivan. In reply to representations from Sir Saul Sainuel, Agent-General for New South Wales, the Colonial Ofiico autho rities state that it- is untrue that 1000 Russian Jews aro about to leavo for Australia, and that tho Imperial Govern ment do not contemplate taking any action in Iho matter. Tho Norworian whaler Jaron yesterday sailed from Sandefjord for a cruise in tlio Antarctic regions. Agrarian unrest is beginning to Bhow again in Ireland, and the evicted tenants aro again agitating for a return to their farms. The business of tho firm of Rcdfera, Alexander, ft Co., is to bo continued. A Russiam immigrant died tbis inorniog from cholera at Liverpool. Professor Koch, who is making minute investiga tions into the cause of tho cholera outbreak at Hamburg, declares that tho plagno was caused by a party of Rnrsinn immigrants, tho dirty water from wIiobo camp fiowod into tho Elbe ndjoining tlio waterworks from which the city obtains its supply of wator. Cholera has tnado its appearance at Harfleiir. A suspected caso has been reported in New York, the victim being a Russian, who recently arrived from Ham burg. The death returns from cholera in Hnmbure still retain their terrible propor tions, 101 persons dying id that city yes terday. Several hundred bodies are lying unburied in Hamburg. The importation of fruit from Hamburg has been pro hibited in London, The German medical papers advocate the compulsory cremation of the bodies of all persons who dib from cholera. Two dcatliB from, cholera have occurred in Berlin, and isolated eases have occurred in many other districts through out Germany, all boing tracoahlo to Ham burg. Tho deaths in Paris from cholera amount to about twenty daily, and tbe plague has appeared in Dieppe. No fresh cases have beon reported in Great Britain. September 4. The 8tcamore Ruzia and Normaninu, which have arrived in Now York from European ports, havo developed cases of cholera on board. The- former vesiel had twenty-throo deaths on tho voyago, and ton passengers are still suffering from tho diseaso. Tho latter steamer had four deaths, with four passengers still under treatment. Two hundred and forty-five deaths occurred at Hamburg yesterday, and tho diseaso has apne&rcd; amongst the Christian population of tho city. 