BREVITIES. London financiers do not approvo of the projected issuo of £1,000,000 worth of Treasury bills by tlio Government of New South Wales. The AVouomisf savs that the JSew South AVules funded stock scheme will relievo fears as to the condition of the Australian borrower. Thirty gentlemen liavo applied to tlio British Government for tho Governor ship of Tasmania. Dr. Usher, of Melbourne, is studying cholera inoculation under tho direction of M. Pasteur at Paris. Mr. Sage, a South Australian vig neron, thinks that the Australian wino trade in England will increase if greater caro is taken in the selection of vines and the liest grapes are used. , The Cirencester seat in the House, of Commons has been won by Mr. Marler, Conservative. The late .Mr. 'Winter- botham, Gladstone Liberal, was elected at the last general election. Mr. Fitzgibbon says that several banks will each tender for ,£50,000 of the Melbourne Metropolitan Board of Works loan. Count ICalnoky says that the Triple Alliance is simply a defensive one, and ? n.: ? 1,„1.;„,1 if Wo asserts that the prospects of Europe are calm. The Brazilian Government aro in viting 1,000,000 immigrants to the country. The British Board of Trade advises intending emigrants not to ;go to Brazil. Serious floods are being experienced in Yorkshire and North Wales, causing the ruin of the crops. General Li Hung Chang, the Chinese Prime Minister, is reported to be insane. ! The Irish leaders have decided to place the funds lying in Paris banks under control of a committee of the Irish National party. Cholera has broken out in the city of Hangchow, in China, and hundreds of people aro dying daiiy. The crew of a Danish schooner wrecked on the English coast saved themselves by swimming eight miles to a lightship. A Royal Commission has been ap pointed to investigate the alleged wrongs of the evicted tenants in Ireland. Mr. W. S. Scott, manager of the Willeroo Station, in tho Victoria River district, Northern Territory, has been speared to death by blacks. Seventeen summonses have been issued against Mr. Mansfield, secretary of tho Victorian Seamen's Union, each charging him with persuading a par ticular seaman to leave the steamer Gabo. Mr. Howell asserts that the 30 or 40 men employed on contract on the kaolin stopes in the Proprietary mine are breaking as much ore as 130 men used to do on day wages. It is reported at Berlin that Lord Rosebery's tone in regard to England's position in connection with the Pamirs is so mild, that Russia does not believe the British Government has any inter-. Five thousand miners in the Borin age district, Belgium, are on strike for higher wages. The London Financial JVeics states .that the decision of the Full Court of Queensland in the big law case re moves a serious stigma against poli ticians. A report is current to the effect that Russia is seeking, by means of the subterfuge of a commercial treaty, to privately induce the Porte to allow a free passage through the Dardanelles to Russian warships flying a commer cial flag, but closing the States against other powers. It is also stated that in the ovent of the report being authenticated Greit Britain will demand an equivalent con cession. Twelve new members have been summoned to the Legislative Council of New Zealand. Four of tliem are working men. Bulgaria has concluded a loan of £4,000,000. A private named Marshall, serving in tho First Life Guards, stationed at Windsor, has been sentenced to 18 months' imprisonment, and to be dis missed from the regiment for having incited his comrades to ' stick to gether ' in connection with the late mutiny. Count D'Aubigny, of the French mission to Fez, is discussing with the Sultan the question of tho construc tion of batteries at Tangier under French engineers. Owing to tho cheapness of the Mel bourne Metropolitan Board of 'Works loan, it is favorably received in Lon don. A Scottish Bank has applied for £300,000. A disturbance has occurred ; in Argent-street, Broken Hill, 011 Satur \- day night. A number of working men in the mines entered the town and were threatened and hooted by a howling crowd. A landslip has occurred on the northern railway line, near Tamworth, 7000 cubic feet of tho cutting coming away. Through traffic on thc line was inteirupted for several days. The First Life Guards, in conse quence of tho recent mutiny, have been moved from Windsor to Shorn clifl'e, and in future will be utilised on foreign'service. Threo tribes of tho Lusliai Chins ' have surrendered to tlie British, but the remainder have cut the telegraph wire3 and intend to fight. Mr G. II. Reid, M.P., says that the doctrines of freetrado aro being far better expounded by the tariff of tlio piubuiiuv^ovurniiieiib wiau uy any teacn ings of freetrade. Ho also doubts tho sincerity of tho Govoi'nmont in elec toral reform, and says that Ministers are living on the Electoral Bill. Mr. Howell, managor of the Broken Pfill mine, says that during Friday hoiiu! of I. lit- most,' competent miners on the iiekl returned to work. The Eoora woolshcd. BlaeUall (Q.), and 115 bales of wool were destroyed by fire early on Saturday morning. 