" LATE CABLEGRAMS. "We take the following from the Eerala : London, Feb. 11. The importation of Danish cattle to the United Kingdom haB been prohibited, owing to the discovery of foot-and-mouth disease among some Danish cattle near London. Pony Moore, the backer of 0. Mitchell, the English pugilist, offers to back Slavin to fight J. L. Sullivan, the fight to take place in England or Spain. Joe M'Aulife, the San Francisco boxer, offers to fight Slavin. The death is announced of Lieutenant Colonel James Augustus Girant, C.B., the explorer, at the age of 65 years. The interment of the body of the late Eev. C. H. Spurgeon took place to-day, the cortege leaving the Metropolitan Tabernacle for Norwood Cemetery. There was an impoiing procession of one hundred vehicles contain- ing the mourners. Number of shops were closed along the route of the funeral, and many of them were draped in mourning. Meanwhile the bells of the neighbouring churches rang muffled peals. The Bishop of Eochester, Dr. Bandall T. Davidson, pronounced the benediction. The nervice was an impressive ceremony. Dr. Pierson, in his addreas, declared that Mr. Spurgeon was the greatest divine that had appeared within a hundred years. Many persons sent cheques for charities in lieu of wreaths to be placed on the coffin. The appeal to the Privy Council in the case of Hunter and others v. Hesketh bas been dismissed, with costs. London, Feb. 12. A-Nihilist conspiracy has been detected at Poltava, in Little Bussia. It has been discovered that the late incen- diary fire at the Boyal Palace at Königsberg, in Prussia, was the work of Anarchists. General Booth has selected the Cape of Good Hope for the establishment of his over- sea colony. The Baili/ News, in referring to General Booth's late visit to the colonies, Bays that if Australia refuses to allow the admission of immigrants, her brief record of progress will be practically closed. j In the course of the debate on the Address in Beply to the Queen's speech, in the House of Commons last night, Mr. Joieph Cham- berlain, leader of the Liberal Unionist*, made a brilliant speech. He attacked the tactics of the Q-ladstonian party, which he charac- terised as menace and bluster. Captain Parsons has married Miss Julia Archer, daughter of Mr. Thomas Archer, late Agent-General for Queensland. Lord Carrington »Bsetta that the Australian naval arrangements are unlikely to be renewed. The Shipping Federation, fearing an exten- sion of the coal porters' strike in London, is hastily arranging for the loading and dis- charging by free labour of vessels owned by the federation. The Earl of Jersey, Governor of New South Wales, writes that, in his opinion, the Fan-Britannic contests deserve the fullest consideration and discussion. The Earl of Glasgow, who has accepted the Governorship of New Zealand, in suc- cession to the Earl of Onslow, bas appointed Colonel Patrick Boyle as his private secretary, and Captain Hunter Blair as his aide-de- camp. Sir James Fergusson, Postmaster-General, statea that the charge for conveying the Indian maim from Calais to Brindisi by special trains has been reduced by £7300 a year. The Salónica route is regarded as feasible, and is perhaps quicker, but it is not proposed at present to resort to that route in preference to that via Brindisi. The Empress of Germany, Augusta Vic- toria, who is suffering from influenza, ia reported to be getting better. The German Socialists intend to celebrate the lBt of May, Labour day, in Europe. Much excitement continues to prevail in Spain over the activity of the Anarchists. They threaten to carry out a series of explo- sions at Xeres by means of dynamite bombs, as reprisals for the execution of the Anarchists who were condemned to death for the part they took in the late outbreak at Xeres. Numerous arrests have been effected. A Cape of Good Hope Loan of £1,000,000 is to be issued locally, at a minimum of 96. It is understood that in the summer a fleet of the Russian Imperial Navy will pay a visit to Cherbourg, in France. Dr. von Stephan, Secretary of State for Posts and Telegraphs in the Imperial German Administration, speaking in the Beiehatng yesterday, made reference to the entrance of Australia into the PoBtal Union, and com- plimented Sir Saul Samuel, Agent-General of New South Wales, upon the Bpeech de- livered by him at the Vienna Conference of 1891. H.M.S. Victoria, which was ashore recently on the coast of Greece, has safely arrived at Malta. Australian stocks are firmer owing to the cablegram published from Melbourne stating that the associated banks there had taken £2,000,000 of Victorian 4£ per cent. Treasury bills at par. This is regarded as an indication that the Government intends to borrow locally. A bomb has been exploded in the premise? of the Spanish Consulate at Lisbon, in Por- tugal. The windows of the house were smashed, but no one was injured by the ex- plosion. The Miners' Federation, sitting at Man- ! chester, representing 175,000 colliers, has äecided to stop the collieries for a fortnight from March 12 next, in order toreduce sup- plies. The coal masters of London, whose men have come oat on strike, maintain their right to employ free labour, and refuse to recede from their position. The Earl of Glasgow, the new Governor of New Zealand, together with the Countess of Glasgow and their family, will probably leave for Wellington early ia March next. Mr. Wise, on behalf of Messrs. J. H. Geddes and Co. (the Pastoral finance Association, Limited), of Sydney, has ar- ranged a combination between London ship- owners and the colonial producers, by which the export of frozen meat from Sydney re- ceives special facilities. Providing an average of 6000 carcases weekly can be supplied at Sydney, vessels will be chartered to convey the freight on special terms. Sir William Yernon Harcourt, M.P., de clines to support the amendment to the Address-ïn-reply to the Speech from the Throne, moved by Mr. J. Eedmond, M.P. for Waterford, demanding an amnesty for political prisoners. John L. Sullivan will fight Peter Maher at .Mew Orleans in August for a stake of £7000. Etlul08borne,wifeofCaptainOaboriie,who I was the plaintiff in the recent sensational case of Osborne V. Hargreave and wife, known as the great pearl mystery, has been com- mitted for trial upon two charges of larceny and perjary. Later : Mrs. Hargreave, who was a witness against Mrs. Osborne ia the charges brought by the Public Prosecutor against the latter, upon which she has been committed, evinced By mp thy with prisoner, whom she visited in Holloway gaol. Colonel J. F. North nominates his famous dog Fullerton, by Greentick-Bit of Fashion, for the Waterloo Cnp, at the annual meeting of the National Coursing Club at Altear. This dog is the betting favourite. 