THE PREMIER'S VISIT TO GERALDTON. ? v ???- [By Electric Telegraph.] (From our Special Reporter.) Ghradbton, July ?9. At the banquet given to Sir John For rest to-day, about a hondred gentlemen were present. Mr. McKenzie Grant, M.L.C.. presided, and among those present were : Mr. Maitland Brown, G.R. ; Mr. Spalding, Mayor of Geraldton ; Capt. Pitts, of the s.e. Saladin ; Messrs. duBoulay, W. H. Turner, w . l». uoiran, \j. w . uray, r . rearse, ur Elliott, C. Crowther, W. H. Lowe, C. P. Reilly, Pigeon, G. Baston, H. Cowan, T. Clinch, P. -tone, Jose, A. G. Lacy, Mc Dowell, J. F. Campbell, C. Mitchell, fi. H. Wittenooni, Inspector Rowe, and tbe Eev. Mr. Elliott and Father Brereton. After the u=ua' loyal toasts had been propored and duly honored, the Chairman proposed the health of His Excellency the Governor in highly complimentary terms. The Premier said : It will not be ont of place, I think, if I say a word or two in thanking you for the cordial way in which you have drunk the health of His Excel lency. I have said before, and I bave now the pleasure of saying it again, it was a fortunate thing for this colony that in un ucruuua|f ixtaipuiisiuit; wverziuituilf we aau a Governor who thoroughly understood Constitutional Government. A little know led^e,they Siy,i3 a dangerous thing — drint deep or taste not the Pierian Spring. Our Governor for many years has administered tbe Governments of other places, in some of which responsible government prevails, and in others a different form, and I am pleased to place on record my humble testi mony that the machinery of the Govern ment has worked very smoothly, and that everything has been carried out in a way most satisfactory, not only to ministers, but also to TTia Excellency. I thank yom on behalf of the Governor for the very eordial way in which you bave received the toast of his health, and I shall have much pleasure in conveying to him the re ception you have given him (cheers.) The Chairman next proposed the health of the Premier. He said he was sure that the subject of the toast was well known t- them all. He did not know that he could eulogise Sir John sufficiently, and therefore he had wished that tbe toast had been placed in umer nH.TifiK. oir «iuiiii iiau. uecu tuuuug them since bis birth, and they were proud of him even before the introduction of ttesponsible Government. He had made his mark. He, the speaker, had been one of those who had for years opposed Responsible Govern ment, bat he now began to see the folly of it, and had confessed his former sins in holding out against it. Now.it was a custom ary thing in tbe other colonies for ministers to enunciate their policy for the coming session in some important centre, and he was glad that Sir John Forrest bad selected Geraldton on the present occasion, He had thus recognised their town as a politieal centre, although be was somewhat surprised ? hat he had not chosen his own constituency in which to make a speech. He had often tried to fret Sir John Forrest to represent this district, and he thought it would b« more in keeping with his talents that he should represent this important place, in addition to which it would be b.tterforthe district. There was more progress and ad vancement in this district than there was in any other district of the colony. Gerald ton was going to be the great depdt of the North. They had great pastor al and agricultural lands ; they had the baser metals iu quantities, »nd they noir had magnificent gold. There were how avpt ft -rrA&t.; mftnv tliinorc tfoev WAtitod- And in this respect the Government could do mucb. There was the Mullewa Railway, especially, *vhich was very much required, and he hoped it would be put in hand at once They mast have this railway. It was only the other day that a responsible person came in and told them that he hid been over Lindsay's track, and that there was yet another goldfield beyond the pre sent one, and this showed the great neces sity there was for pushing on the work. They owed to S'r John Forrest the Mullewa Railway project, and they had many things to thank him for, and he would therefore ask them to drink his health witb enthu isam. The toast was then duly honored amid cheers. The Premier, who on rising was most en thusiastically received, said : Mr. Chairman and gentlemen, T am deeply touched by your very great kindness to me to-dfcy. In fast I do not remember on any occasion in my career when I have met with more kind ness and more enthusiasm than you have given me here to-day. I can only say that x uigiuy a|jprut;iA(je yuixr illuuii£bb zluu a tio not think I need s»y any more on that point. There are times when one has to hide one's feelir.gs and deal with subjects in a matter of-fact way, and I feel to-day that although yen bave honoured me as you have it behoves me to say to you things which will not be sentimental, but which will be practical, as having an interest in the development and progress in this coun try. (Cheers.) Thb Visit to Geraldton. This is the first occasion on which I have had the pleasure and honour of visiting the people of this town, and the people of this important district, since I was called upon by His Excellency the Governor to form an Administration under the new form of Gov ernment which had been inaugurated. I take the reception you bave given me here to-day, not as personal to myself but as showing your appreciation of the acts of the Ministry of which I am, for the time being, at the head. And I take it as as evidence of your appreciation of our endea vours, as a Government, to faithfully and honestly discharge our duties. (Cheers.) You are aware that I have come to this dis tiict voluntarily. I have not been solicited, that I know of, by any section of this com munity, to pay this district a vigit.but I felt it my duty, not only to visit Geraldton, but also every other important centre of the colony, and to meet the people, in order that I might become acquainted with their wants and requirements, and ascertain the means which they think best for develop ing the important industries they are blest with. (Cheers.) Of all the affairs of Go vernment, the one great thing which is always almost uppermost is that relating The Financial Position of thb Counts t, because, however ardently we aspire, and however high our ambition may rise, unless we have the means of giving effect to our ideas and ambitions our efforts must be futile. I am pleased to-day to say that never in the history of Western Australia has the colony been in a more solvent con dition (Cheers.) We had on the 30th June, returns which have been' published, a credit balance on current account of .£116,682 — (cheers) — and we have, as you all know, as yet only raited £500,000 out of the loan which was authorized by Parliament in 1891. 1, as Colonial Tieasurer, had in my hands on the 30th of June last, on all accounts, .£456,567, and that amount I held in cash. We have yet to raise on the London market, and -I do not see any great difficulty iu raiting it as opportunity occurs, a further sum of .£830,000. (Choers.) You will also have noticed that on tbe 30th June last the revenue of the colony for the year — alt hough not the ordinary financial year — then ended, had increased over tbe revenue of the previous year by £©4,797 — nearly .£100.000. Of conise .£100,000 may not seem much to some of you, but we must remember that in the days to which we are pleased to look back with pleasure and pride; those days when Mr. Barlee — (cheers) — whom we all honoured and ad mired, was Colopiol Secretary, the total revenue of the colony did net exceed £100,000. You will remember, too, that as regards our revenue for this year, which is estimated to exceed half a million, there is every prospect, in fact, there is a certainty, of its being realised, and more than realised. (Cheers.) Our public works a re going on, and I do not think I am wrong ia saying that throughout the length and breadth of Western Australia there is want either ef the necessaries of life or employment, and generally, £ may t&y; that the people of the colony are fairly prosperous. Some wilL perhaps, say, indeed it has been said and bo doubt will be said many times again, that our present prosperity is due to the fact that we are living on borrowed money. These critics say it is sll very well to have large credit balances and general prosper ity when ytm are borrowing large sums of money and spending it. Of course that ie correct, if it be tro*, but I wish to deny it. I say th t we are not living on borrow .d money. (Cheers.) Out of the £1,336,000 we are authorised to raise we have only as yet borrowed half a million, and out o that, as you will see from the accounts to June 30, only .£171,366 have been spent. Being interested in this question I have taken the trouble to find out how the matter stands with a view to refuting the argument that we are living on borrowed money. I looked, as I say, into the matter to see how much of the sum or .£171,366 had been actually spent in tbe colony. Tbe result was not quite as I anticipated, for I expected to find that more had been spent out of the colony than had been the case. The result of my investigation was that I found that .£153,006 had been spent in the colony and only £18,358 out of it. This is a very satisfactory state of affui e in one way, but still I bad expected it to be different. It cannot, notwithstanding even this, be said that we have been living on borrowed money. Public Wobks. In our loan policy we made an honest and good attempt to distribute the public works wherever they were necessary throughout the length and breadth of the colony, as much an possible amongst the various dis tricts of the cnlnnv- f(^lJt-Ar£V Ttiscn works have been approved by Parliament, and as you know our public works pro gramme was passed without a diripion on any one of the 20 items which the Loan Bill contains, an 1 1 am glad to say that we are now making fair progress towards carry ing out the works. There has in the past been a difficulty, and the works hive con sequently not been got out as quickly as we had desired. We have endeavoured to push them forward, but when we took over the Government the Public Works De partment was really no Department at alL We had to import an Engineer-in-Chief, and he had to arrange a staff, and I may say that the progress he has made during the short time he has been here must sat isfy every reasonable and right-thinking person. I take this opportunity of con gratulating myself that I was able to se cure the services ef an officer so eminently fitted to perform the duties which de volved upon him. I believe now that the Public Works Department is in a thorough ly efficient state, and is in every way ca pable of carrying oat the onerous and im portant duties cast upon it. I believe, eince the inauguration of Responsible Govern ment, we have entered upon a progressive career, and I take it that such is due to the energy and alility of the people of the colony rather than to the form of Govern ment under whi^h we now live. The Goldfields. The inauguration of self -Government, a« 1 bave said before in other places, came to this colony at a very opportune time ; it came almost at the same moment as did the discovery of gold, and I believe that a great deal of the prosperity of tbe colony at tbe present moment is due to the find ing of the precious metal, and wbiok is even yet i» its infancy. All of those who keep closely in t uch with public matters must be convinced that this is a rich mineral country, from Kimberley in the north, right through to the southern coast, a distance of 1200 mile*. I have sot the slightest doubt, iu fact I have evidence of it in many ways, that there is a belt of auriferous country running through to the south coast. What a great future there is in store for us. It seems to me that even those who are most Bangnine can scarcely foresee what in the future will be the des tinies of this part of Auatralia.gDuring the firat six months of this year I fiod by statistics which I have had prepared that 26,281 ozs. of gold bave been exported, and 1 am led to believe, although I hope it is sot correct — because I hope all will endeavour to comply with the law and register the quantity of gold they send away — that large quantities go ont of tbe colony of which we know nothing at alL However, we can account for 26,281 ozs., which bave been entered at the Customs and exported, and are worth about £100, 000\. I am pleased U say that of this -quantity 7,676 -z. have been entered as ex ported from this district— (cheers) — and are worth something like -£28,000. Of course there are other parts of the colony from which a great de.il may go, of which we know nothing, but at the South, at all event?, where the gold is obtained from reefs, and the mines are worked by com panies, there is no question as to tbe quan tity exported. I nod that from Yilgarn during the last eighteen months 24,166 ozs have been exported, valued at about £90,512. We must remember, too, that all this gold has bfjA obtained under the greatest difficulty, under almost insuperable difficulties, owing to the want of proper means of transit and the want of water. The fields at the Mwrchison, Yilgarn, Afibburton. Pilbarra, and those on the upper waters of the De Grey and Kimberley, are all far away from any port, and, therefore, there is very great expense in the matter of transport, and un til we have railway communication that will not be removed, Not only are these fields in isolated positions, but the difficul ties as regards labour and water are veiy gr^at, and notwithstanding this, owing in a great measure to the energy and per severance ot tbe people of this colony, these fields have been developed and opened up one by one. I am glad to say these difficul ties are disappearing, and as time goes on others will also be removed. In our own district you nave a- most important and flourishing field — tbe Murchison — from which, as 1 am informed, already J650.O00 worth of gold has come and been exported. On that field you have the same, if not great ^difficulties that exist at other places, but I can assure you that the Government bave been alive to them,and are anxiuus and desirous of removing tkem as quickly as possible. (Cheers). We have already order ed the material for a telegraph Hoe from Geraldton to tbe Murchison Goldfield — (cheers) — and I hope it will soon arrive, ej th«t we may lose no time in erecting it. (Cheers). We have also ordered the material for a telegraph line from Cossack to Marble Bar to the rich goldfield at tbe Oakover and the DeGrey. I think this shows that the Government have faith in tfae fields and in those important districts, and it also shows that we are not afraid to act upon our own judgment and to anticipate the approval of Parliament, when pressing wantfe are brought prominently before us. (Cheers). Thb Mullbwa. Railway. A question which I am sure is of i mport ance to you is that bearing upon the speedy construction of the MuLewa Railway. (Cheers). My friend the Chairman has told you — I think be has given me too much credit ia this respect — (No, no) - ihat you owe to my Government the in auguration of this railway. That may be so, for the time bring, of course. If we bad not placed the it»m on the Loan Schedule, it would not have been passed, eo that in this respect your Chairman is right. But I look upon it that no Government could have long ignored the pressing want of a district such as this, and I f«el sure that if I brought forward a Loan Bi 1 without this itpm in it. it, wnnlH tint, liava ht»*n A£££n£ able to the people of this part of the colony. I must say that we placed this xailway on the Loan Bill with a view to encourag.ng the pastoral industry of this district, but since theu many otter reasons hhve a--uen why this line should I e c instructed, one, and au important one, being the discovery of a. permanent, and, I bdlieve, extremely rich goldfield. The argument I used in tbe Legislative Assembly last year, when it was a- ught by those whe thould have been the strongest supporteis of the line— when it was sought by these members to diveit it to Jdigenew in order that the traffic should go to Perth — was that Cham pion Bay, being the nearest port to tbe field, and thus being the natural outlet, fchould net be ignored. (Cheers). 1 felt sure that if this were ignored then, it would not be ignored in future — (chiei6) — and I am glad to tell you that , from ad vices I have received, although perhaps they are not the latest, thirty miles of tbe line is already surveyed, and that within two months the Enginear-in-Chief will be in a position to call for tenders for the con struction of the line. (Cheers.) For my part I can only say that the * sooner it is put in hand tbe better, atd I can assure you that I will lose no oppoi t unity of press ing upon the Engineor-ia-Chief the import ance of all these works being got out ta quickly as possible. My idea is t^a* if v e get a number of these -rorks out together we shall attract a population which will see our resources, and a great many of them n ill remain here. (Cheers.) I look for ward within a very short time, and I hope I shall be in office to see it, to seeing a journey from Perth to Mullewa mere of every-day occurrence than it is. I take this opportu nity of saying that I was pleased to assist the member for the district in obstructing the attempt that was made to divert this line of railway. Tho diversion was placed before the Honse almost without totice, and to my surprise we only managed to carry the direct route by two votes. How ever, the good sense of the Home — and the House generally decides wb it is right — saw that the proposal to divert the line was merely an attempt by some people whe lo -ked at the matter ia a narrow way, and who thought that in this way they might make Perth and Fremantle tbeir chif-f markets for their fat st«ck. I pointed out that it was not a question of fat stock, but th it there were the goldfields to be con sidered in the matter of supplies snd machinery, which, if tbe line were diverted, wtiuiu ii^ve u» ue carrieu twice tne uistance, and I felt sure if a diversion was concurred in for the moment it would not be for very long. When the Government brought forward their loan bill they had not the in formation concerning this line tbey bave now. We agreed to the line in order to jt£si«t the pastoral industry, but now it a'-peara that by it we are going to - ap one «f the richest goldfields in the colony, and I look forward not only to the completion ?-f this line, but also to its extension to the goldfields. (Cheers) ; and, not only there, but also as tbe commencement of a grand trunk line connecting Boebonrne with tbe south parts of the colony. (Cheers.) I can only promise you that when that time comes— I do not suppose I shall be in power —I will do my best, and be equal to the occasion. (Cheers.) Thb Midland Railway. I now ceme to another matter altogether, and one upon which I must say a few words. I have spoken a good deal on the question of the Midland Bail way, and I had hoped tbut I would have to say no more about it. Still I am expected to say something, and therefore I mast. I should like to say, at the outset, that in dealing with this ques tion of the Midland Railway we must deal with it as a public matter. We mnst not study individuals. If companies or indivi duals are not as good as they should be, that has nothing to do with the project. I only wish to deal with it as a public matter. 1 nere tas been a good deal of misrepresen tation, and the Midland Bailway has been unfairly represented by those who have taken an interest in it. We are told by writers in the Press, and by thosewho do not agree with wbat we have done, that we are trying to help the Midland Bailway Com pany. Let me, once for all, say we have no idea of helping it as the Midland Sail way, but what we are interested in is help ing the colony and ourselves, and what we wish to do is to promote the interests of the colony. I would very much like if those persons who do take the opportunity of dis easing the question would make themselves acquainted with the contract. Everyone seems to be trader the impression that we have only by a dash of the pen to cancel the contract. ' Wby don't you cancel the contract ?' has been said. I reply, 'We have no power.' All we can do, if we can cel the contract, is to prevent them from continuing the work. We can not prevent them having the line they have built, or half 'the land, if to-morrow they were to ireak their contract, and until the 27th of February next there will be no eanse for them to break it. They would still be en titled to the line and 6,000 acres of land per mile. Of com se if by the 27th ot February next year they do not complete another fifty miles we can pievent them from doing any more. But tbey can still go on and work the portion already constructed in accordance with the contract, under which they must ran one train a day, or not less than three a week, as the Government may choose. Therefore, if we stopped them constructing any fur ther works, tbey would run from Walk away to Arrino and from Guildford to the Moore Siver, and so long as they did this we should bave no ground of complaint. In the event of their not being able to run the trains the Government could then enter into possession and take the engines and rolling stock and work the line and fine tbe Company jBlOOa day. Is this, I ask, a contingency we should desire to look for ward to ? What would become of the gap of 120 miles ? Some people say tbe Govern ment can construct it. If they did, would it be profitable to work it t I do net think it would be desirable, therefore I hope that this Company may be able to complete its contract. Besides thb, when the line is complete, the Company will also be in a better position, because they will then have 12,000 acres of land per mile, at-d they will also be in possession of a going concern, with which they will be in a position ta go into the market. I would like to ask all here. what harm has the Midland Bailway done you, with the exception of a few individuals in this country who have embarked their money in it ? Most of the people and the colony itself are in a much better position than they would otherwise have bees. We have 154 miles of railway complete, and trains running twice a week on it. I ha.ve only to aay, 'Bun three times or six times' aud it must be done, and if it is cot running often enough let me know. (Cheers,) Sure ly these trains must be of great assistance to 'he pi ogress and development of the dis t i*t, (specially when they do not cost you or the Government a single penny. What reason is there then for anyone or for any politician eager for Ministerial office — cheers) — to stand up and try to make a hole in tbe armour of the. Government through this Midland Bailway? I f ay,ae far as I know — and we have as able a lawyer as our ad viser as thfcTC is in the colony — this company has not broken its contract yet, and that beiog so there will be no just reason for in terfering until they have failed in February next to complete another 60 miles. I say more, I say tbe company deserves every a distance and encouragement from the people of this colony. They say they nave expended— and I don't doubt it. for you otnnot complete and equip 150 miles of rail way for iess — half a million of money ; and, therefore, everyone is interest td in this project, and who should try to put the best face on it, but the people of this district ? After all, what is the object of this railway but to connect this dUtrict with tbe other parts of the colony ? I must siy, although I have not been here for four or five years, that I have noticed the tre mendous advance this town has made, and I ask myself the reason of ir.and why all these splandid buildings have gone up. I look roand and see what expenditure of pnblie money there has been, and I see very little. (Cheers.) I ask myself about the gold fields, but I know they are not paying yet. I know that if you spend a. pound in them you do not get it back for some time. I say the reason of all this advancement and prosperity is the expenditure on the Midland Sailway, and there is a cry that it should be finished. My advice to you, if you waut this railway nnisnea, is to stand by the UoTernment and we shall see that it is finished, and I say that tke measures we have taken, and which have bean approved of by Parlia ment, will complete it. We have only as sisted the Company is name as yet, but of course that ie equal to cash when the emergency comes. The only point the Opposition had against ihm Government was its assistance to this Company, and it is the only point I have had te labour in the House. We have been charged with committing all sorts of enormitiec, and it has been said that we have been indirectly he 'ping private individuate. It is very ' asy to get up a cry, but I think you know the five men who form the present Go vernment, and they would not all follow a leader unless they believed in him. You would nut get five honoura ble men to intrigue to do any one any go.ui. I say if I can serve the colony I shall not be. sorry if indi vidual* prospei with ir. Why should I ? If I saw half-a-dozen of the chief financial houses of Geraldton on the brink of ruin, and I could by a stroke of policy advanta geous to the colony, also save them, it would be my doty aa a, good s.nd loyal ser vant of tbe colony to do it. (Cheers.) .Are we working tor tbe tiees and the s;«nps or for the progress and advancem nt of the people who live here ? What is tkx pro gre. s of the i olony ? Not that of the stones but of tbe people, who are working and trying to advance the interests of this country. (Cheers.) Of course we eonld have left this U idland Company slone, as I have been often advised to do. It has bean said to me, Wby put yourself and your colleagues in a difficulty by supporting a thing begun in fraud and fostered in fraud ? I did not care, because I cay th*t this is a work necessary for the progress of the country and those persons in JSngland who have advanced their money — for it is only the promoters they charge with fraud — should have every suppcrt from ns to carry out tbeir contract. (Cheers.) We gave ourselves over to the en emy, shoeing them the weak joint in our armour. I am sorry to have to go over the matter again, but I must do so, because they can't set their instruments to any orher tune. What was the residt ? Thiity men, as honourable as any that could be found, when we brought fresh proposals, carried them by 20 to 7, and I wendered then what these greedy politicians, amious for ueieat, looitea me. xuuy i- oteu use nogs with their tiils between their legs. (A voice : Poor De Hatnel !) 1 took the oppor tunity of telegraphing to the Agent tireneral the other day, und said I intended to eps&k; on political questions at Geraldton on Friday, and I should be glad to know if there was any fresh development in regard to tbe Midland Bailway. Last night I re ceived this telegram from him : ' Keane asserts there can be little donbt Midland will now carry out arrangements on terms approved by Parliament.' (Cheeis.) I firm ly believe, with the knowledge I have, that that telegram will turn out to be quite correct. It is a most extraordinary thing tbat there are some who would be glad to see tbis Midland Bailway fail. (No, no !) I do not mean to sa v that there are anv here, but there are some, and they come from the class known as needy political adventurers. (Laughter ) There are some people, tovoe very good people, whom I respect, who get on platforms and say tbat they believe in railways, in harbor works, jetties, and other facil ties for encouraging and pro moting settlement, bnt they say, on the other hand, that they are not in favor of borrowing much money. They draw tbe line there. There was an instance of that at Guildford the other day. A prominent mei chant in this country, who is altogeth er adverse to the borrowing of large sums of money, was asked whether he was in favor of the Government finishing the Midland Bailway, and he said ' Yts.' How can we finish it supposing the Com pany fails ? We know it must take £309, 000 to finish it, and how can we do it, un less we borrow money ? We have £800,000 odd yet to borrow fiom the already author ised loan, and therefore it would be ridi culous to talk about borrowing farther for this project at the present moment, unless under some pressing necessity. I think the feeling of the Legislature, however, is that we should carry out the works we already bave in hand before we borrow further. I am myself thoroughly satisfied that railways are necessary for the purpose oi development, roe aesire oi me uovers ment is that we shonld progress, and the main thing to bring that about is railways. We have bean called reckless, but my enly regret is that we have not gone faster. Railways, the great developers of a country, must go hand in hand with agriculture, and, unless there is agriculture, it is no good building railways. Land Sbtti-khbnt. The question of land settlement has been discussed by a'l soits of people, and all sorts of ideas have been put forward. The Go vernment have hadthe/matter before them, and have come to the conclusion that people must come here not only to fill the towns, but also to settle our lands, and the question arises how best to do it. After mature consideration, we have come to the conclusion to bring in a, Bill adopting tbe Homestead Free Grant syBtem, so success fully carried on in Canada and the United States. (Cheers). Many of you know the basis of settlement in the United States and Canada, which is on the free grant system. (Cheers). We propose te give to every man who is willing to enter upon the hind and live on it and cultivate and improve it to the extent of 160 acres — the only condition being that he will reside on it and improve it. I felt that to adopt this only we were not g»ing far enough, because the land here is so cheap — only sixpence per acre per annum — and it would be but a poor sop to give a man only the inducement of the land. We pro pose to introduce a system — I do not know whether it prevails anywhere else or not — under which, in addition to the gift of tbe hind, we can assist those who go om to the homestead blocks (cheers). The pro posal is that any man may take a homestead block by paying a small fee of, say, twenty shillings, and when he erects a habitable house upon it we will advance him on it a, sum not exceeding J660 towards the expen se of it. The house will have therefore te be worth £100 before we advance him £50. Then, as regards the improvements on tbe huid, we will advance a sum equal to half the value of the improvements but at the same time not exceeding J21C0 ; therefor* as soon as a man has built » house worth £100. and has done £20u worth of improve ments, we will advance him £150 or any less r sum than this, providing it is only equal to half the value of the improvements. We feel that those who have taken op land under clause 46 of tbe Land Regulations should be allowed to come in under this Ac1, and that will be provided for in tbe Bill. Of course there are a number of other and minor details connected with tliit matter, but I need not refer to them now. I have for many years past thoroughly believed iu the free grant system. I have seen it carried out in the United States asd Canada, and when I first made my speech at Bun bury, before I undertook the task of form ing a Government, I referred to it. When we kid our first programme before Parlia ment we had so many other things of more pressing importance tbat we did not bring this matter forward, but now we think the time has come when something ehonld be done in this direction, or that at any rate it should be given a fair trial. It is a very enticing scheme, and probably looks a deal better than it really is. It seems to us, however, that Te want people to come here, and when it is known in England that a man con come here and have 160 acres free, and also a loan out of public funds when be has done certain improvements, a great many people will decide to come. Eveiy man you can indue to come on his own account is better than two you can bring here — (cheers) — because he knows he is on bis own resources. You will probably ask wnere the money for this is to c«me irom. Well, we have not lost sight of that question. I thought of many expedients, but tbey were given up. 'Jhere is, however, in the Loam Bill a sum of £ 160,00 J for immigration, and we consider that £30,000 of that sum may fairly be appropriated to this scheme. The object of that vote was to encourage immi gration, and this scheme will do it in the very best way. We thought it better to do this than import artisans and labourers to compete with those already here. Farther, to encourage tbe people and the sons of the people already here te settle on land, those wto are bare will be treated exactly in the same way ae those whe c»me — ther* will be no difference. Any farmer who likes to give up bis (arm, and take advantage of tfae homestead system can take his 160 acres and pet his loan of (not exceeding) £150 at five per cent., and he will in no way be precluded by the fact that he has a homestead block from increasing bis holding. Under the Land Kegulations we also propose to remove the residence qualification from the present clause 46 of the Regulations. In future if a man wishes to take land under clause 46 he need not live upon it, but if be takers the homestead block of 160 seres he must. Concessions to thb Pa6TObaxists. There is the question of the drought at the North, which has caused the Govern ment some consideration. We thoroughly sympathise with the difficulties which our pastoral friends are in. We desire to assist them all we can. We proposed hist session that there thou'd be an entire remission ot rents for this year, bnt I confess that the plan we proposed was inadequate. The situation lass session was very difficult, and the circumstances were nt-t thoroughly un derstood by any of us. The drought was not at an end, and ire had no definite know ledge of losses that had b. ea sustained. The proposal brought forward by the Go vernment did not meet with the approval even of those we desired to as ist, al: hough we thought it was the means of giving im mediate relief. You are all aware that llr. Biehardaon made a proposal to meet the difficulty by not charging the icci eased rental for the sesond term of seven years, and the reason that it did cot meet with the support of the Government at that time was that we thought the danger was more imminent and pressing than it was, ass we coougnr it was not a gooa taing to give a striving man the promise of bread in the future when he wanted it at once. Mr. f-ichardson, who is one of the most honour able and conscientious representatives we have, proposed to remit the rents of the future. The Government, having now con sidered the matter, bave decided to intro duce & Bill next ses.-ion which will have the effect that there will be no increase for the second term, and that the rent for i&e; third term, shall be what is now the rent for the second term. In this concession we include the Gascoyne asd Eucla divisions. The reason we include &ucl;& is that it is languishing, and we want to eucour.'£fe settlement there. Instead of the rent bein» 10s. for the first term. 12s. GJ. for the second, and 15s, for the third, it will be 10«. for tha first term, 10s. for tbe second and 12s. 6d. for the third term. In the North-west and Kimberley districts, instead of 10s. for the first term, 15s. for second, and 20s. for the third, we propose it shall be 10s. for the first, 10s. for the second and 15s. for the third. (Cheers.) I am aware that I his is more than was asked for by Mr. Kicrardson, who is a typical representative of Northern interests; but since Parliament hist met things have materially changed, and the Government have become possessed of information which shows that far greater loss has been sus tained than wss at first anticipated, and we put this proposition forward, in all good faith, with one desire of assisting those who have lost so much. Of course, it will be for the representatives of the people to pass it, or trv to alter ic if thev can. We think this proposition will be accepted by the various pastoral districts as a fair and rea sonable attempt to meet theic great difficul ties, and I can only hope that it will meet the wants of the country people who lead an isolated life and toil beneath a tropical sun. There ia no concession we can give them which they have not thoroughly deserved. After years of toil, with the hope of a com petency of being able to retire to some more temperate clime.lthey have had theic all-and even in some cases their means of livelihood — cut off altogether. They deserve oar ut most sympathy .especially as they, as a rule, are an uncomplaining people. But I feel sure that their energy and determination will surmount even their present difficulties, for they will never say fail. Constitutional Bsfobh. I now come to another most important matter, a question more important thac I have referred to before, because it deals with the representation of the people of the colony. You will remember hist year it was pressed on bs by a few persons that a change in the Constitution was necessary. 1 have to hesitation in saying that the Government last session could have with stood what was pressed upon them, as we could have made sufficient excuse and have withstood the proposition that was made ; but we had no wish or desire to, and we said all we wanted was a little time, and we would consider the question. We also then thought it was most desirable tbat we shonld get ok. witb our public works, and thus there would be no time in which to grapple with the constitutional question. Parliament accepted our idea, and we intend to keep our word. We have n« fear of the people. The present Govern ment have no f*ar of the people, nor have we any fear of the ballot box or any fear of a general election. In fact we are anxious for it. The desire of this Government, and it should be the object of every Gov ernments to make the condition of the peo ple happier and better, to give them better comfort, better fare and clothing, and better education. (Cheers.) We believe in raising, in educating, and in making nobler and better citizens. (Cheers.) Our ?lotto is : ' Trutt in the people tempered with prudence.' The desire of this Go vernment is to extend . the franchise to the utmost prudent limit. We desire to give as liberal a franchise to the people as is provided in other parts of Australia — (chiere) — to give them as liberal a fran chise as is possessed by New South Wales, Victoria, or Queensland. (Cheers.) There are people, of course, in all communities. ana there always have been people who are afraid of the people, bat we are not afraid of the people. Tbe colony was not made for a few ot us to live in and flourish, bat it was intended as a place in which to build up a bracch of the Great British Nation. (Cheers.) I thoroughly believe that the people of this great colony are qui'e competent to look after their own business. They will make mistakes. Every one does. But in the end I believe they will be wise. I believe they are capable of send ing to Parliament those who they tbink will fairly represent their wishes, and I believe the more you trutt the people tbe more likely you are to prosper and progress. 1 mnst say I do not believe tbe people are properly represented at the present time. I do not mean in tbe personnel of the Legis lature, bat that numbers of the peeple are not sufficiently represented. There are 21,000 adulte in the colony, and of tbat number only 5,771 hold the franchise. I find in Geraldton there are only 162 elec tors, and I do not think there is any man who will say that Geraldton has a sufficient number of persons on v.b electoral roll. I thoroughly believe that the people of this colony will never do anything to bring dis Thb Pbbseht Position. I have now dealt with the principal ques tions of the day, and I will now say a few woids on oar position at the present time. Wbat we require is that oar representa tives in the Legislature shall not only be honest mer, bat also capable men. My friend Mr. Grant has said to you that he desired that I should seek election in this distiiet or somewhere else. I can only say to yon, as the Shnnamite woman said of old, 'I dwell among my own people.' I consider the district in which 1 have spent my youth deserves my first ser vices. (Cheers.) We have an opportunity which has seldom.if ever, occurred in history before ; we have a third of Australia.amount ing to one and a, third million square miles, to be managed by 20,000 male adults. On the 1st July, the total population was 55,854, and the question we have to consider is whei her we are equal to the position of gov erning and developing this huge territory. If we are not bold enough and brave and energetic enough to develop this country, we do not deserve to have the opportunity. It is a great work we bave before us, and it iB the work the present Government has had cast upon it. At the next general election you will have the chance of saying freely— because we propose to abolish the property qualification of members altogether — whether we have used oar opportunities rightly. We have honestly desired to do our duty. Personally, I am prepared, in tbe proper place, to defend every act of the GovemmeRt, and am prepared to bring tbe light of day upon every act tbe Government has don*, from the time it cameintoofficeantilnow. We have great op portunities and great responsibilities. Our revenue is Urge, nearly £10 per head for every man, woman, and child in the colony, bnt it is not enough to develop the great and varied resources of tbe colony, al though it is sufficient te keep us going as regards the pressing necessities of the day. This generation must have passed away without seeing any of these developments if CTA (lAi? flOAtl ^Anondanr' ah An* svro-n «a. — — --??» 'w» www»» uvpvuubUV VIA UU1 \JOTU &C; sourc'-s and upon eur own revenue. In bor rowing money for the development of our resources we are only doing that which everyone does. We see that by the expen diiure of capital we can gain a reward, and there is no one worth anything in this country who has not borrowed, and who will not borrow t i the extent of bis power to develop the resources of the colony and make good profit for himself. Tak'ng it al together, we have every reason to be satisfied with our position. It seems to me, as our friend Mr. Grant said, that this district is prominent among the othsr districts of the co'ony. It has varied resources and great capabilities, which a--» only row beginning toh ve» cha ce. R.iw enn people pnv»r- bs without tailway comrnunTCition Y Your capabiiit es are vary groat indeed. You have rot. only your mine? at Northamp'.on and the Murchis'm and pood agr icul- ural and pastor*! land, hut yon have al~o an outlet in jour harbor, wbich with a small expenditure of public money, can be made as good as any ia the colony. It has been tad that we have been reckless and have borrowed too much and that the end would soon come, bnt alter two years what is the result ? Why, we find ourselves in a strong er position than when we started. And why is it ? Because the people see that our desires are only for furthering the best interests of the country. There are very few indeed who now endearor to say that we have been reckless, or cbat we bave bor rowed more than we ehonld. On the contrary the people are lo. king out for new prospects and new loans, thus showing that oar rtTVknncalo «rlii#*l* *xrAv»A 4-.»-h'mj«tI»t' +ji na en AY* travagent, are not beyond the wishes of the community. Although it is a proud position for me to be your guest and receive your hospitality I consider I owe you a deep debt, and I can only promise you that I shall devote my tx-st energies to develop your district and the colony generally. As your Chairrnau lias said, my interests are here, and I may say that I intend to live hew permanently . If t he colony prospers I shall prosper, and if the colony docs not I shall not, and, hence, I have a somewhat selfish interest in it, I thank yon, on be half of my colleagues, for the generous re ception you have giv«n to me, for in honour ing me you Are honouring them, and your tribute 'to me is also a tribute to them. In Luia t£c-r-iL cuiyu^ lucre mpitfiiiij' ui suuiu ami scope for the energy of aU. No better field can be found than here, and I can only ask that we shall aU be patriotic. Let as be true to our interests, and let us be animated with love for our country, for the man who is not fond of bis country, as Scott says, is not much good. And let us be atiimated with the love not only for our own country, but with love for the Moth er Country — (loud cheeis) — and let as guard most jealously our own freedom. Do not Jet us be running after new- fangled notions and bringing in laws for the advan tage, of the few to opprcsc the many. Let us only bring in those laws which are ab solutely necessary. Let it never be said that there is less individual freedom here than in that land of liberty, the dear eld mother country from which our fathers came. (Cheers.) Let us be up and doing, and with a firm will and determined per severance devote aU oar energy and facul ties to promoting the honour,. welfare, and advancement of Western Australia. (Load and prolonged cheers.) The Premier then proposed the toast of the Victoria Dietrict.which had always been associated with progress and conviviality, and no one who came to it ever forgot it,for the people always did things in a meet hospitable way. 1 he toast was responded to by the Hon. T. Burees, who said that up to the present he had not been able to find any fault with the policy of tbe Government, and he was sure he was echoing the views of the pas toraiUts when be said he thought the deci sion to reduce the rents for the second and third terms, as promised by the Premier, would meet everything that was wanted, and he congratulated tbe Government on their policy in this respect. Mr. C. Crowther also responded, and re ferred to a number of statistics to show the progress which the district had made during the past few years. Mr. A. G. Lacy also responded. The toast of 'Ihe Parliament' was proposed by Mr. E. H. Wittenoom, and shortly responded to by Messrs. Barges, Grant, and Sir John Forrest, the hut name j paying a high tribute to Sir J. G. Lee Steere for the able and conscientious manner in which he discharged the duties of Speaker. The toast of 'The Government Besident' was proposed by Mr. Jose in very compli mentary terms. Mr. Brown, in responding, said that the work of the district had become so great that the iudicial functions of the Govern ment Resident should be separated from the others. He also advocated a law library for Geraldton. The toast of ' Town and Trade ' was proposed by the Go- enunent Sesidentand replied to by the Mayor and Messrs. C. Mitchell and Jose. The toasts of ' The Visitors/' ' Tbe Press,' and ' The Chairman ' followed, after which the gathering broke up. To-day Sir John and Lady Forrest and a party of gentlemen left for NewmarAcarra, whence tbey will return ts-morrow night. After a tremendously successful season in Geraldton, where they have been and are still playing to packed houses. Pollard's Liliputian Opera Company will reopen in Perth at St. George's flail, on or about Thursday next, in 'The Mikado,' in which the clever juveniles are seen to immense advantage. 'The Gondoliers' is among the operas to follow. Bajtboo Fubnitoiis, such as small tabies, sll shapes, with brackets, suitable for afternoon tea and work tables, brackets, ea'els, etc., have just been unpacked by W. Zikfsl. AL.O, Perambulators, very strong make and well finished, and child ren's combination chairs, convertible into rocking chairs as prams. These are now on view at W. Zikpkl'b Furniture Ware house in Kuy- street, and are well worth inspection, a c Now showing, Bameister |and Wain's celebrated Danish Cream Separators, Brad ford's Butter Workers, Churns and all Dairy requisites, at William Sahdovbb & Co.'s, Perth, My brother Johnny and I buy Selves Pan Co.'s Sweets, because Mother says they are made of pure Ingredients, and therefere must be the best. 2852 People will talk, you know, and tbis is what they say : Buchanan's House of Commons Scotch Whiskey is the Best Brand in the Market. Can be had from all dabs, Hotels, Etc., and wholesale from William Sakdoveb & Co., Fremantle and Albany.' - 928 