Loxdox. Jlircli SOtli. The East Durham coal miners are immovable in the uncompromising attitude they &havc; adopted towards the owners rogarding&the; pro jjosiit of the latter to reduce wages by v lier cent. When the miners belonging to the Miners7 Federation resumed work after the total suspension for a week,the Durban miners, who arc'not associated with the federation, continued their strike. The Miners' Federation then offered to act as arbitrators in the dispute. The offer was accepted by the colliery owners interested, and it was decided that the feeling of the miners with regard to it should be ascer tained by ballot. At West Durham the miners agreed to arbitration. The ballot was taken at East Durham to-day, the result being that a large majority of the men 011 strike declined to allow the dispute to be referred to the Miners' Federation for arbitration. The colliery owners arc greatly annoyed at the refusal of the East Durham miners to accept the arbitration of the Miners' Federation. They declare that the}* cannot afford to work the collieries uudor pre sent conditions unless concessions be made by tbe miners. It is said that, as one of the effects of the ballot, several pits will be per manently closed. A split lias taken place amongst the engineers at Newcastlc-im-Tyne, who, along with those at Wear, have for several weeks been 011 strike owing to a dispute as to wages. Many of the men arc returning to work, and it is thought that the strike will presently collapse. The threatened strike of engineers in South Wales aud Monmouth, which it was feared would also involve 70,000 miners in loss of em ployment, hasj been averted. The employers notified the engineers of their intention to re duce wages, aud the men immediately au nouueed their intention to strike. A settlement lias, however, now been effected. In response to the appeal from Mr Thomas Burt, M.P. for Morpeth, the miners of Xor thumbcrlund county have determined to sup port the Durham miners in their strike. The Parisian police have made some sensa tional discoveries with regard to the methods of the anarchists in Paris. M. Itavachol, a well known agitator, is found to have taken a lead ing part in connection with the outrages, and to have been actively assisted hv a woman with whom he has been living. The police have ob tained evidence that Itavachol deposited anum ber of bombs at the town of St. Mathieu, in the department of Haute-Yicnne, aud situated about eight miles from liochechouart. Alter the explosives had been deposited a watch was kept upon them by persons who had Bavachol under surveillance. After a time the mistress of Itavachol was seen to visit the place and to remove one of the bombs, which she concealed under her dies.';, and then proceeded to Paris. It is supposed that women have been employed in connection with all thc'rcccnt outrages in Paris. A shocking story of the results of medical quackery is published from America. An un qualified man who has been practising atCiraar rou, in South west Kansas, undertook to per form vaccination. He inoculated 20 children, IG have since died, and the remaining four are not expected te recover from the effects of the iu oculutiou. The members of the Clerical party in the1 German Itcichstug have united with the ltndi c lis and the Socialists to secure the defeat of the Government. In a division yesterday on a minor question the Government was defeated, the Clerical party avowing that they would bo revenged for the abandonment of the proposal to make religious instruction compulsory in the State schools. The coal owners in Derbyshire have agreed to the scheme limiting the number of workingdays in the coal mines to five per week, so as to re strict the output. . The Times of this morning has an article 011 the Behring Fisheries dispute,in which it is said that a recurrence of difficulties of the kind would compel Eugland to discuss her relations with the autonomous colouies in the interests of the British taxpayer. A largely .attended meeting of Irish-Ameri cans was held yesterday in New York in furtherance of the movement for raising sub scriptions .towards the conduct of the Irish elections. A strong anti-Parncllitc feeling was manifested and during the proceedings there was a scene of intense excitement. Deep in terest was shown in the steps being taken to secure the return of Home Itulc members at the next eh&tious.; In tlie House ofCommons,lnst night a motion was submitted designed so as to render the s;ile of laud to the tenants in Ireland compulsory under certain circumstances. The motion was negatived. The continued migration of large numbers of persecuted Jews from Russia is again exciting the apprehension that hordes of these people who are forcibly prevented from crossing the frontier into Germany may seek to settle in England. It has transpired that with the view of preventing any such influx communications have been sent to the British consols through out Russia directing them to warn all intend ing Jewish immigrants that they will not be welcome in England, and to advise them to settle elsewhere. Mr J. W. Lowther, Under Secretary to the Foreign Office, has proposed to tlio Government that other steps should bo taken to expressly restrict the immigration of paupers. In connection with the report recently pub lished that the Victorian Government had ar ranged with a financial firm for the issue of the remaining £1,000,000 worth of Treasury Bills, which report was denied by MrShiels, the Premier, it is now stated that, although the negotiations have not been actually completed, the Government is parleying with financiers with a view to arranging terms for the issue of the bills. The College of Cardinals has unanimously accepted the nomination nmdo by Pope Leo XllL of the Right Rev. Dr. Vauglum, Bishop of Sal ford, to succeed Cardinal Manning as Archbishop of Westminster. AlYairs in Afghanistan arc agaiu somewhat unsettled. B3* instructions of the Ameer a native chief who has heen dominating the frontier tribes lias been captured. The butter market is being swamped with importations of Danish and Normandy butter. Much of it is of inferior ipiality. . ' The finest factory butter from Australia is selling at 110s per cwt.; butter of sccoml »piality at (Mte per cwt. - . Mr IJailcy, of Adelaide, Siv William .Tcrvohs And Messrs Alexander Lenmiril ami H-trmM the members of the committee • appointed . to arrange with English financiers for a loan sutlicicnt to meet the I'cijuircnients of tlie Adelaide Outer Harbor, arc now in negotiation with a well known firm. It is hoped the scheme may he successfully Heated. The /f«/7/( states thai her Majesty llio Queen that Prince Gcoruc. the eldest snr ruice George, the eldest..... viving son of tins Prince of Wales, shall marry his cousin, Priheess Mary Alice of Hesse. A cable message has been published in the London newspapers stating that the Victorian Associated Banks have authorised an announce ment to he made in Melbourne that they have mutually agreed to extend their joint support to any of their number requiring it: The fact that such a precautionary measure has been deemednecessary has produced a feeling uneasiness iii financial circles here. " I 