BRITISH AND FOREIGN^ ' FllOM OBB EXOHAMOES. LONDON, Nov. 24. , It is reported tlmt tunny of the unemployed who attend the Tower Hill meetings nro vol unteers, nml thnt they havo fotnined their arms; ignoring the order to return their nrms nnd nccoutrcmouts to tho bnrraoks f or luspec tion, Tho lcadors oC tho uucmploycd deny that notices havo been served on these volun teers for contempt in refusing to return their arms. In Tho 'Times,' ' Standard,' nnd 'Post'; to-day publish a letter from Mr. Pryou Jones, Jl P., commenting on tho petition of Mr. Montgomery, the lender of tlio unemployed, in which ho urges that unless tho Govern ment iind work for tho unemployed they, will march through the streets of London with toichcs, nt midnight, ou n date which! shall bo kept secret. -il Tho Agents-General for tho Colonies woro interviewed lo-day to nEccrtain what would bo tho chances of-tho unemployed in Aus^ tmluidn. .Sir Snul Samuel, Agont-Uenornl for New South Wales, said it would be useless to send artisans and laborers to Now .South Wales. Mr. Perceval donounced the actions ot tho immigration sooiotlcs, and said it was useless to send Indigent persons to Now Zealand. Sir Malcolm Frasor, Agent General for West Australia, said there wero openings In his colony for men who woro willing to work on the land. Herr Licht, tho Qonnnn Btatist, reports that tho beet prodaction of tho last tn-o months shows an increase of 81,000 toiw, and he estimates that the now campaign will be 110,000 tons bolow its predecessor. Tho silver market lias again receded, bar silver to-day being quoted at, !l/!l per 02, a decline of ouc-clghtli of a peuuy. Tho London wool sales havo been iiost loned for a fow daya. Tho Bradford market Is quiet, but stocks aro low and prices aro vory firm. No advance' Ib expected in tops and yarns, though usors will book rendily at old prices. It Is nntiolpated that good merluo wools will bIiow an advance ot live pur cent, ou tho prices obtained at the last .oiuloii Bulcs. OroBsbred wools nrc likely to bo scarce throughout tho Buries. There will bo n very large attendanco representing thu homo trade, and a buoyant spirit Is expected. Competition from America is likely to bu weak. The Balinaycoombo wool 1b repre sented by 87!)'i bales, and Is a better selec tion than usual, comprising a good propor tion of thu new clip, including thu Tultooua, Northampton, Biniomh, Ooudooroo, Nine downs, Boworilowns, Crida, nnd Dalgle clips. Franco has hoisted tho French flag on tho Islands of St. Paul nnd Amstcrdnui, which sha virtually annexed some months ago. Tho Emperor of Germany, who has been Indisposed for »omu days, is now recovering. Danish butter is quoted at £1! pur ewt,, the weather being very mild. The Mnssllia's consignment of Australian butter is inferior to that shipped iu tho Austral, apparently having been made in warm weather. Dairy inado realised fiom £4 11/. to £4 1(1/. per ewt., nnd factory inadu «.', 12/. to £0, a few uhoico lots selling up to £11 4/. At a meeting held yesterday in Toom bridge, Ireland, for tho purpose of promoting tho new political society called the Army of Independence, established by Mr. J. K. ituil uiond, leader of the Paruelites, a ntron|.' detachment' of armed police encircled thu meeting, aud deteetlves took shorthand noU'» of several of the speeches. The mob were greatly unraged, but no outbreak occurred. Kvlutions aro being rigorously carried uut on Lord Dillon's estates in County Mayo, soinij of the scenes being of a most pltlabld nature. '?'he report of tho governors of the Imperial Institute states that llur Majesty^ the Queen will open llielnsti utc^xhlhilion formally early in May. The report says that! the colonies of Victoria and Tasmania wilP htvo their sections containing tho product* of the colonies arranged by that time j but that Queensland, Now Guinea, and Now -nuutn- irk!*, linrconly taken partial notion in the matter. It is still possible, however, the report adds, to largnly complete tho exhibits of the three laiit-nninctl colonies if enorgetlo action be immediately taken by Went Australia, South Australia, Fiji, and tho South Sea Islands. The Princo of Wales at a meeting of thu governors ou 'Saturday, will probabiy express regret ui the delay shown by the colonies iu preparing their exhibits. November 2.'i. Sir J. F. Gurrlck, Agent General for QilcL'iiHlund has written a letter to 'The Timux;' commenting on the tactics of the Northern Queensland Separation Committee in London. He considers that it would be permaturo to bring the subject of scparatiun before the Mnrquis of Jliimn, Secretary of Statn fnr tho Colonies, at present, 'Le Temps' this morning stains that the opposition uf Australia to the annexation of St Paul's and Amsterdam Islands ia a piece of oxtraonllnnry effrontery. Osnmu Ulgna , with a force of Mnlulist rebels, has attacked and captured Tokar,-1 Tho town wan looted, many uf the inhabitants ' being killed. A British force has rc-taken, thu town, the Multilists fleeing in Iliuir up The tin market slightly hardened during the week, Straits tin on Thursday being quoted at £!M/15. cash, being advance of 111/, per ton on the previous Tliursilny'ii prices. Business in coloufal wheat and Hour i-x warehouse continues restricted, and the mr.ikut is ilat. South Au.Htralian wheat Is quoted at 33/. per 40lilb; Victorian, at ,82/J ; and New L-alaud, atSl/U. ' The market for Australian superfine flour in Bat nt 25/. pi-r 2801b, ex store. Broken Hill Prcprictorv shares wpre sold at -»/17/« to *fi;iB/, (he niarkot closing 