SMOKE-HO A gold rush is on near Sonthern Cross (W.A.), where a prospector recently panned out 554 ozs. of the very best of nuggets. N.S.W. Labour M.L.A. Houghton is preparing a bill to take a plebiscite on fiscalism, but that won't settle the bread and butter question. 'It is not the man who works that gets rich, but the man who gets otherB to work for him,' says the Triumphant Pluto crat Carnegie with brutal frankness. Bergmann, who shot at Carnegie's manager at the time of the Pinkertons' attack on the Pittsburg steelworlcers, has been sentenced to twenty-one years' hard labour. A land grab syndicate with a share capital of five millions has been floated in London to run a railway from York, W.A., to the S. A. border, and swallow the land on the route. . The way Broken Hill unionists are managing their stores and other affairs during tho strike is an excellent intro duction to co-operation, or the halfway house to Socialism. The medico at the Maytown (Q..) hospi tal resigned rather than have his wages cut from £300 to £200. Another shocking example of the monstrous attempt to keep up wages on a falling market. A Ravacholist — on paper — pasted on the Sydney wharves during the seamen's strike some manifestoes to show Australian capitalists that like causes are going to breed like effects either side the Line. | The cloud of discontent is daily settling down upon the southern capital. Men who, six months ago, dearly loved 'capitalistic law and order ' are beginning to realise that Labour and Monopoly must fight to the death. The London Society of Compositors is making a determined move to stop ever time, though the bosses and some unionists cultivate it for all it is worth regardless of the injury to the long hour men and the members unemployed m consequence. Says the Ravenswood Mining Journal: Queensland has now commenced its down ward course, and the country will get into the hands of capitalists after the Victorian fashion, and immigration will be at a standstill and the many will suffer, and the few will thrive, and it will cease to be the country for tho poor man. J ules Guesde, for the French Socialist party, on the Pinkerton onslaught ab Pitts burg says : All this struggle is lost labour. When tho Labour Party attains political supremacy aud places tho government in charge of its faithful mnn, we shall not hear of tragedies like that at Homestead. J Gavin Whiie, a unionist down to the / ground, got a pen at Ayrshire Downs, (Q.)f worked four hoursand turnedin for the nigh when the manager, haunted by a dream of 'staunch unionists,' got out of bed to give Gavin the run. That's not intimidation, it's the liberty of the subject. I affirm ib is my conviction that class laws, placing capital above labour, are more dangerous to the republic at this hour than wfts chaiilel slavery in the days of its haughtiest supremacy. Labour is the f.uperior to capital, and deserves much the higher consideration. — Abraham Lincoln, Black labour gob home to roost last week at St. Thomas, one of the Danish Wesb India Islands, where it 'over- powered the troops, sacked a number of houses, and maltreated a number of women. ' 'Reliability' isn't always going with ' cheapness, ' and don'b let the planters forget it. Bohemian glass pearl makers — men, nob women or girls this time — went on serine againsD win coroure oi seventeen to eighteen hours a day for 94 to 96 kreutzers, or aboub 4s. 2d. a week. The very regions of torment should be a blissful abode for workers who are so deep down in the capi talistic inferno. John White was welcomed by some 6000 fellow toilers on his release from Pentridge (Vic.) gaol, after a month's im prisonment for distributing revolutionary pamphlets. He succeeded in spreading the gospel of revolt ' in the jug,' and claims to have made converts, even amongst the turnkeys. Ned Hamilton, who left Croydon (Q.) several months ago on a prospecting tour and only just heard of the events of the past five months has turned up at Coen goldfield, amazed and horrified to find that the Queensland people have stood the re in troduetion of kanakas, the Ejections Acb and the land grab. Governor Norman looked over the blackbirder Archimedes at Maryborough jusb as she was about to sail with time expired kanakas. The local paper says they all told him how glad they would be to come back again. Which yarn is pro bably meant for children and ladies qf weak intellect. The Primate, finding the Anglican Church with its straightlaced dignity los ing its grip of the people, has taken to open-air preaching. Which says something for his sincerity, but much more is neces sary if the Church is to win the masses. Justice must be preached, and that means social and economic equality. Mayor Thistlewaibe (South Melbourne) recently unburdened his soul at a 'charity' meeting. His Worship said men ought to be glad to work for 10s. or IDs. per week. The Rev. Ralph Brown went one better and considered they ought to be glad to work for food and clothing— arid yet wor kers can sit and listen to this parson's sermons. Lane wires from the West: 'New Australia groups formed ab Yindex and Maneroo. The following sheds will be next visited, Combe Martin, Wellshot, Portland, Evington, Isis Downs, aud South Westerly sheds on to Noi',h and South Comongins. Over one hundred new members enrolled between Hnghenden and Longreach.' Brisbane boob manufacturers want their employes to subscribe to the Brisbane Hospital out of their wages. This kind of thing is usually made use of as an ad. by the firms. Anyhow, there is no moral obli gation on wage- workers to subscribe to an hospital which the state should support, instead of squandering £124,295 a year in the instruments of human destruction called Ndval and Military Defences. .SvT'V Dibbs, K.C.M.G., duiSv; the maritime strike : ' I will go bail for 10,000 strikers.' The miners on the North Star Block Croydon, had to get £74 due in wages through the local Police Court. Melbourne Age says : If the Barrier mine direotors choose now to be placable, they have it in their power to instantly end the strike, and still retain the fruits of victory. The Italian Government has made another Anarchist raid and captured 80 persons suspected of having the same zeal for fighting as ordinary soldiers. J. D. Fitzgerald, M.L.A., is making a good move to stop sweating in getting N.S.W. Government officials' uniforms made in Government workshops. The rump of the N.S.W. Government party bucks a bit in ite talk outside paj? liament, but when it comes down to busi x ness it trots along to the crack of th-. * stockwhip. The release, on bail, of the Broken * Hill Defence Committee was conditional on the boys abstaining from ' taking part in the strike proceedings,' which, by the way, are perfectly lawful. The N.Z. Government has oome out on top in the fight to nominate radical members to the Legislative Council with the same freedom that tories and dead beats are shot in by reactionary govern ments. The most monstrous sin alleged against the Ballance Ministry so far is tnat it has allowed labouring men to make from 7s. to 15s. per day on State-let co operative contracts. — Auckland (N.Z.) Observer. Charleston, M.L.C., andM'Pherson, M.L.A., two gritty S.A. Labour men, addressed a crowd of people 15,000 strong in' Adelaide on the Broken Hill strike, and stand by, even to going to gaol if necessary. £141 was subscribed at the meeting. Broken Hill Thomas, delegate to the Queensland Miners, is a silver miner of the third generation. His father and his f rand father were mine managers in lexico where he, too, spent some years. He is a Wesleyan -local preacher and a teetotaller. Liebknecht, one of the leaders of German Social Democratic party, presid ing at the international congress sitting at Marseilles, declared that all Socialists formed but one nation. For which ex pression of human brotherhood the French Government talks expulsion. Keir Hardie, the English Labour M.P., whose committee received £100 from Carnegie towards election expenses, on hearing of the Pittsburg strike, drew on a xngney testimonial presented to him by the Ayrshire Miners for £100, which was in ?S^ted in his wife's name, and sent it on to he!pjhe men against the Pinkertons. 