"Aa GA. IOTHARIO." The San Franicisco papers trave Jeen giving some atten?o~ to .the case of an adventurer named Madison, who seeme t;o have Deeming's partiality for constantlf seeking out wives, and qiuickly get' rid, of them, but in a harmless way. His latest victim, Mrs. Lucinda Dawes, a respectable widow of Elmira, learned that her' husband had recently .married 4nother widow, at St 'Luie, andr6bbhhd and deserted her at Cleveland while ob her wedding trip. Soon after he ap peared at Elmira. He straightway wob the.other widow's heart, and she married him two days later. At his instance she thea sold her effects, and ·gave him the money, as they were about to Sitart for 1San Miguel, Calfornia, where, as be said,. he owned a fine fruit farm. Madison went out to buy tickets and never came back. Mrs. Dawes learned that Madi son had been in California under the name of Anderson, and that he had deserted a young wife there after robbing her of her money besides swindling others out of £1000. He went to Germany, found his wife's mother, who lives there,. and was about to get hold of her money when she received a warning through, a letter from her daughter. Then he ap peared in.Chicago, met another confiding woman, and married her under the pre tence of owning 1200 acres of land ip hichigah. She shared the hte ob'h$r predecessors. Sincehis original marriage in Ban Miguel, and between that and his marriage to Mrs. Dawes, Anderson married a Danish immigrant girl at Cherokee, Iowa. He went with her to Omaha, where he robbed her of her money, and deserted her. He went east, and at Hobokan met another young Danish woman. Learning that she had considerableinoney, he married her. He was living with her in Boston while he was corresponding with Mrs. Dawes. While he was in correspondence with Mrs. Dawes, he married a widow who lived in Kenas City, got 260dol. of her money, and disappeared, and also married a woman in Galena, Ill., who was treated in like manner. His sixth victim was Mrs. Dawes. The St. Louis widow seems to have been the only one of Anderson's dupes who set to work to hunt the fellow down. She put detec tives on hie track, and he was found in Albany in a fair way to secure his seventh victim in that city in the person of a well-to-do widow. He was arrested, and placed in gaol in Cleveland. Five of his wives signified their intention to appear against him lwhen he comes to trial. His original and only legal wife obtained a divorce from him two years ago. 