The Medical €ongress. T&ebe; opens in the Great Hall of the tjni T^fslty tb'da^ the third session of the Intercolonial Medical Congress of Aub tf&lasi;&j; fof trnich b&T;« btesembled bem« htiiidrede o£ doctors ffdnl &li; -5t8i the Aus tralasian group* GatkenagB of this kind felways inbladfe & good deal of the festive element* In the present case the programme comprises junket tings At wiiieh. the guests Will doubtless li%n.sg¥eeg Bdme of the rules ass to health, that they Bfidearor to enforce upon' their patientfe. There ate, hovvever, solid reasons whj the medical profession in this part of the world should fessert itself and take its stand as constituting a definite branch. of the healing art, with a hussion wbick) while it is b, bond of sympathy With practitioners all over the world, is yet pecu liar to thio hemisphere. Australasian doctors have now for Many years been watching the growing up of a race from the north, in a climate which fanges frotu tropical heat to the temperature of sdutkern Europe. They have, too, had an unrivalled experience of the effects 'of Changed habits of life upon the physical characteristics of & whole peGple, and they necessarily have made, and are constantly makings dis coveries which may in timp lead to valu able results. It is important that these discoveries should be ducuBBed and registered* For medicine to be a progressive science all 'that is done from time to time in improving treatment must be recorded for comment and study, and for nee here, it stands to reason that European records and precedents collected among people living under old world conditions cannot be so valuable as local experience. But there is another and more immediately useful duty of a congress, It can discuss and throw light upon how to meet imminent dangers. At the University during the week there are to be read cer tain papers on the origin and prevention of cholera. The opportuneness o£ these ever j one will at once perceive. There are to be other papers on the mysterious hydatid disease and oh leprosy, which are not, like cholera, matters calling for notice because of a sudden crisis, but ~ are, unfortunately* topics of a permanent interest. How necessary more light Upon the subject of hydatids is may be judged from- the fact that Dr. . Veeco's paper upon that complaint is based upon experience of eighty cases operated upon at the Adelaide Hospital during the. last four years. The mention of leprosy enables us to illustrate our. argument . concern* ing the Special value of independent Australian experience of such dis eases as are more prevalent in warm than in cold climates. A British Government commission some years ago reported that leprosy waB non-infectious, a theory that was combatted by the late Sir MoheIx Mackenzie. The proximity of the South Sea Islands, in -some of which leprosy is rife, and the intermittent immi gration from. China, .make it^ vital for Australia to have this dispute' cleared up. It is only possible here, to touch upon a few of the topics that will come before the doctors in conclave assembled, but from ever so hasty a review, there should not be omitted that part of their labours for the carrying out and completion of which there will he required the aid and con currence of the various governments and parliaments. Recommendations are to be made concerning the better protection, of infant life — a cause which wants no comment to recommend it^and concerning the necessity for fresh, legislation to obviate the grave dangers to public -health due to removable' causes. It is, too, to be moved that *? in the intarests of the public this congress urges upon the various govern ments of Australasia the necessity for amendments in the laws relating to the position of medical practitioners in order that the public may be in a position at all times to protect themselves against the impositions of unqualified persons.'' ThiB last resolution touched a grave evil* Possibly because - of a scarcity of regular doctors in early days, there has grown up, in New South Wales particularly, a tolerance for quacks, -who have here a happy hunting ground such as is permitted them in hardly any other country. The poachers upon the medical domain range from men who are unqualified or not sufficiently qualified, but who work honestly enough by rule of thumb* to grotesque impostors, half sham physicians, half conjurors, who elsewhere wduld be dealt with as rogues and vagabonds. -Certain recent criminal cases have shown the urgency of curbing the proceedings of many of these strange exploiters of human credulity. There being permitted to practice is not only unjust to possible patients, but, by keeping up an illegitimate nempe-. tition, it may deter some who might do so for studying front the regular profession and thus limit the supply . of reliable attendance. The regular profession should, hawever, remember that one great reas&n; fot the existence of the quaftk is the occasional exorbitancy of the qualified man's feesi If the doctors by the inter ference - b£ the legislature obtain a free field they should ubb their victory— and theii patients— Vrith Moderation. 'It might have b^n Worse/' will fee the general opinion concerning &e; a&way; accident on :. . Sirtrtitdfty tdght. ; One - --. -can&ot; help feonji&l;? tt- tiie ^nclttslftn, *n *eadiii£ the accounts pf whaV ooimrred- thfct * whole train 46»d of p!&opleh;^ narrow escapa from a terrible fate; and it is for tunate indeed; «o&|fde£fn|t jbtie, circumstances, that the casualty re⩝ is little morethan « couple or iDJured'p^BengBfB«&d; M* iletobliBb^a .ci».. ' ::^bhB v^fcBcia*aiir;r^ ^J^^^:'^-J^iify[ illuBtuates this faot in railway »an«^ ikat yoU^cannoi; tave ah-ai^^^^^«^ will safeguard your lines; Ifou niay luave €he most scientific ^appliances that ii&&lan; ingenuity can supply, ana tbiimost pfirlect system at tockang, »SgJuJnfig, ^d whirt »c*| ^ the working of the lines* It is to the men rather than to any system that, ire must look for safety In railway tr&v;*llingi and we believe this is conetantly enforced up«n the employees on our lines by the present mafl&gementi; The accident on Saturday occuired in a very fnUple manner. It became neoeBeary, owing tt- an obstruetion Oti the line to Sydney, to shunt the train from the north on to the wrong line, and run it 3n that line until the obstruction Was p&sB;&a.; There is -at £re^U6bt parts of the lines, where there are steep grades, a safe guard provided in the case of break-away trucks or cars, by which they are shunted off on tea siding, eo that they may not run into any train that might tie travelling in the opposite direction. It wets this very safeguard that caused the acci dent. The catch points should have been altered so that the train on Saturday would continue along the down line until it could . be transferred to the proper track. But these catch points were not attended to, The pointsman appears to have been looking after a switch on the ordinary up line in stead of the catch points. Hence the train crashed into the place intended for the reception of break away trucks. The driver appears to have bean going cautiously down the incline, otherwise a frightful disaster must have occurred. The principal point in the inquiry to be held will be, we apprehend} to ascertain how it was that noofle was attending to the catch points when a train was deliberately run on the wrong line. The disturbance reported t rdm the island of St. Thomas, in the West Indies, seems to have been nf a rather serious nature. It is characterised as a labor riot. Some little doubt may, how ever, be entertained as to whether it was not more of an outbreak caused by racial jealousy. The total population of the ielandi as enumerated a few years ago, was given as 14,389, of which no less than 8632 were lemales. Only one-sixth of the entire population were whites, the rest being either full-blooded ae gioefet or mbreor less colored. It is, per hflpfe, possible that the outbreak in St. Thomas may have been meant for the beginning of such a change as took place in the French island of St. Domingo at the opening of the present century, and which brought about the final withdrawal of the French authorities and the recognition of the indepen dence oftheblackEOf St. Domingo. Thatexperiment hi the way of self-government has been, indeed, if certain accounts are to be credited, one of the most melancholy ones of the kind ever attempted. So far from advancing in civilisation the negroes of St. Domingc — or Hayti, to call it by - its more modern name — have, it is alleged, positively gone back wards. It has ev.ea been asserted as an uu* doubted fact, though the Hayfcians themselves -have strenuously denied it, that in some instantseB the islanders have reverted to the hideous superstitions of their African progenitors, among others to Yaudooism, or the sacrifice «f infante to propitiate a malignant demon. Those who maintain that it is a piece of absurd sentunentalism to imagine that the descendants of the savage negroes, after a contact of only a few generations with the white man, can be safely admitted to the enjoyment of equal privileges with him — with hie long re cord of progressive civilisation — have cer tainly some at least plausible arguments to draw from the actual results' which have followed the formal recognition of the black as a man and & biother in the West Indi«B as well - as in the United States. It is, at any rate, an un doubted fact that in St. Thomas's, as in many other of the W«st Indian Islands, the most prosperous time- was associated with negro slavery. The Danish Government abolished slavery in St. Thomas's hi 1848, at which period the island was covered with sugar plantations, and exhibited other evidences of prosperity. All that has been altered, and in his free condition the negro only manages to produce a scanty supply of vegetables and fruit, or a little guinea grass. The circumstance of the Danish Government having removed its West Indian headquarters to the neighboring island of St. Croix, has no doubt made matters worse for the inhabitants of St. Th*mas, and probably has added not a little of bitterness to the feeling's of the black population in respect of the small white minority. Mr. Hoyle is having a controversy with the Boot Trade Union about his intention to vote for the Government in the vote of censure division. Tbe name of the union seemB rather significant of the fate that may befall Mr. Hoyle at thB next election. Mr. Hoyle apparently has misgivings on this matter himself. He says '? ' Ih my opinion, to go to the country now means the destruction of our protectionist' fabrib and the Betting tap in its stead a f reetrade Adminis tration.' This IB a pretty frank admission that protection does not represent the will of the country* ' Believe a woman, or an epitaph,' said a cyni cal poet once. Yet what man will ever acknow ledge that he really doubts .the one or takes the other seriously. The best epitaphs ever written have been upon men still living. We have just been favored by a quartette of these, wherein that principle of fair play, the 'right of reply,' has, as will be seen, been carefully kept in view* Here they are: On Sir -j. U. Dibbs by H. ?. Here lies George Eichard Dibbs, and let him lie, Who once was knighted, but I don't know why; Who spent a thousand pounds, I don't know . where. Whither he's gone I neither inow nor care. On Sir Henry Parkes by G. K. D. Here lies Sir Henry Parkes, my ancient foe, Concerning whom one simple fact I know— A fact whereof I was not sure, before — That he will not take office any more. On Mr. (J. H. Beia by B. B. Here lies ilast Sydney's brightest hope, George .'.. '&?jd... '? ', ? ?;.. .. . ,- ,? ... Who vainly strove the freetrade band to lead. He cqdld not lead them, and they would not follow. And so the Government just beat them hollow. .:;\ :--:0n;m^.Ba»i6hW:&;.^H,|L ?.;..'??.;;? ? Sera lies thelegal bulwark of the nation, Who sank Protection onpe for ^©deration. Aid then reversed the 1 process— -tomy thinking He had ^.special aptairude f or Einkmg. ; ? \ ? . . We canst last, from experiences near our own door, add our contribution to the remHrkftble storm record whi&h; within the last year or two lias been furaiBhed from so many parts of the ?vpncldi, The gale which rafted on Saturday morning il found i* Vr*^ been the inost isevere thfet has ^B*sed _*v6r^^iSy or itB nelghboth.66d for^ blk^tdyitwM 8tm,u^UB±Oi6''l«wl«''to have caueed ranch more devastetion than it actually did. The cit^ itself, and most of its suburbs, have come oft remark ably well, and the damage done was chiefly to building* which happened to be situated On ? x -osed and elevated ground. The vessels in the hafbOr escaped on the whole with as few BeriouB casualties as could havo been looked for under the circumstanceF. Uafor ttinateiy it is to be fdund that the loss of one life at least has to be included in the report in connection with the harbor. In the accounts from the country that of heavy rains is naturally accompanied by reports of swollen rivers and floods. There are also reports of remark able snowstorms; In this connection is to be mentioned the death of a woman through a tree having fallen on .the tent ifi. which she lived. However, if the ships on the coast should prove to have -weathered the gale -without any such catastrophe as that which happened during' the memorable gale of 16 years eince-*-the loss of the Dandenon?— we shall have pretty fair reason to be thankful. 