PERSONAL PARS. The Rev. O. Lake is one of the latest intem perate advocates of temperance. " A Sailor's Knot" is far more interesting than the Broken Hill knot, even if you are not a shareholder. Show us thfe man who struck Buckley—that is to say, Sleath. There are many people who wish to Cotton on to him. "An old subscriber" is informed that the gentleman represented in the cartoon referred to was the Hon. C. C. Kingston. Mr. Phil Sansom is along again with a "Masonic Guide," which is as complete a compendium of knowledge as is Phil himself. M. Le Roy is still very enthusiastic about the establishment of an agricultural colony, but the wherewithal is not forthcoming. * The old lady who hit Gladstone in the eye with a gingerbread-nut in all probability only wanted the G.O.M. to eat the toothsome delicacy. Melbourne Bohemian is not what it used to be. There are signs of dull times in its present get up. And yet the Gaiety girls are in Melbourne. You can very seldom get a footballer to admit that he has seen any rough play. Just as he never thinks the umpire fair if his side loses. That towel has been removed from the School of Mines and industries. A clean rag is now put on the nail every week for the use of the boys. J. Z. Sellar cannot finish a Sunday lecture in one hour and a half. He wants two nights. Why, he!s a great deal worse than the parsons. One of the latest dodges in South Australian literary circles is, so it is said, to eopy out the work of a friend and pass it around as your own. ^ The Sydney Bulletin rubbed it in to Francis Abigail worse than ever last week, though Abigail's face was not drawn by Hopkins at all. Mr. T. L. Middleton, one of our tenors, has gone to join Signor Foli in New Zealand. There is much speculation as to the reason of the distinc tion. W. T. Barker, the harpist, missed the express and had to travel by a goods train to Adelaide last Saturday, but he scored at the " pops " all the same. . ■ The last man of whom Sir Henry Parkes is jealous is Sir George Grey, who has just received a flattering telegram from Grand Old Man Gladstone. Plain Bill Holloway has been engaged to support Henry Irving in "King Lear." Just hold your breaths for a moment or two and then whistle softly. The following is an original announcement from a Wilcannia paper:—" Holding.—On the 4th instant, the wife of J. R. Holding of a son. ' Ta ra-ra- boom-de-ay.'" Someone' who desires to take a rise out of Quiz asks for a recipe for making mulligatawny soup. The fair enquirer might as well ask Quiz how to meet a bank overdraft. Should Sir Graham Berry go back to England •as Agent-General for Victoria he would be a happy man. But will Munro and Davies come out to Australia again % Melbourne is not happy without a boom of one kind or another. The land boom is played out, and now there is a burglar boom. Each of them is equally unsatisfactory. A match-cutting machine is an automatic curiosity. It cuts 10,000,000 sticks a day, and then arranges them over a vat where the heads •are put on at a surprising rate of speed. Mr. Howell, the Manager of the Proprietary Mines, promises us " something interesting77 in a few days. The most interesting event would be a resumption of work on reasonable terms. It has been shown so far as England is con cerned that that dreaded disease, cancer, is almost confined to low-lying districts that are often flooded, and in which the soil is never well drained. The Hon. J. H. Angas strongly opposes the idea of making the monument to the late Colonel Light of local marble. He ought to be the last man in the world to run anything South Aus tralian down. The country papers have been saying some very nice things of the Quiz cartoon of a fortnight ago, and the Mount Barker Courier suggests that it will be reproduced in the Australian Review of Reviews. It would be a safe thing to wager that after sentencing Carter to death for murder Judge Bundey did not have much sleep on Friday night. He is the kindest hearted Judge on the Australian bench. Honest Tom Playford once made a joke in the House of Assembly. You will scarcely credit it, but he did. And what is more, as it was at the expense of a German, it lost him a lot of Teuton votes at his next election. Mons. Marius and his daughter were great attractions in social circles in Adelaide. Next to a divorced woman there is no person more coveted than a divorced man. " Mons." thoroughly knows how to make himself agreeable. The engagement of Dr. Lowson, of Hongkong, to report upon the alleged cases of smallpox on Torrens Island has aroused the ire of some local members of the medical fraternity. And coming from a Protectionist Ministry, too ! Mrs. Roberts, widow of the Rev. James Roberts, who resides at East Street, Brompton, attained her 85th year on August 8. She enjoys good health comparatively speaking, and despises spectacles as an aid to reading or sewing. An irrepressible joker says of Captain Prout, who proposes to change the climate of the interior of South Australia by emptying the ocean into Lake Eyre, that we ought ail to be prout of him. His inland sea, he adds, would enable us all to see inland. William Haines, of Teatree Gully, who used to be a member of Parliament, but who got disgusted with party fights, is now setting up as a lecturer on political .economy. No one would previously have accused William of a knowledge of the subject. There will be no action brought against the directors of the late Commercial Bank of South Australia after all. Well, perhaps the share holders have had enough of litigation and will be heartily glad to wash their hands of the whole affair. The University undergraduates who made them selves so conspicuous at the Theatre Royal during the season of the Gaiety Company must be* very pleased to have themselves referred to in a public Court as "privileged larrikins." Larrikihs indeed, Mr. Pater ! William Rignold, it is cabled, will shortly return to Australia with a company of his own to play " Henry IV." Quiz is rather doubtful respecting the latter portion of this announce ment, though " dear old Bill" had fully made up his mind to come back to us. The R. S. Smyth, of Strathalbyn, who has been writing to the papers concerning District Council elections, is not the much-travelled gentleman who^ flops down in our midst every now* and then with a single star, though the initials are the same. The much-travelled has a final "e" to his name. Patriot Tomkinson, M.L.C., has failed to con vince his fellow-patriots in the Legislative Council of the expediency of sacrificing their screws. It was not at all likely that he would do so, because payment of members has made the Council a much more reasonable institution than it * used to be. Walker, M.L.A. of New South Wales, who, while he was drunk, shot a reverend gentleman, has been acquitted. Walker was at one time a spiritualistic trance lecturer, and then deserted spiritualism for the freethought platform, ad mitting that the trance business had been a fraud. The " Crucifixion" painted by Raphael when only 17 years of age was sold in London the other day for 10,600 guineas. A view in Holland, by Holbein, brought 9,600 guineas. Altogether the sale realized ,£102,410. And yet there were thousands starving not far from the scene of this picture idolatry. " Missing friends" is the title of a new Aus tralian romance setting forth the adventures of a Danish immigrant in Queensland. It is stated to be such a wonderful piece of verisimilitude that it has the charm of " Robinson Crusoe" combined with the interest of a newspaper report! Such a report as we see in the daily press when there's a fire in the hills, for instance. The debut in New York of the Princess Lilly Dolgorowki, heralded as "a niece by a morganatic marriage of the late Czar Alexander the Second," proved a most disastrous fiasco at the Academy of Music. Neither her violin playing nor her power of directing the orchestra was found to come up to expectation, which was all the more remarkable as she was a real princess. Hints to litigants vide a recent case in the Local Court—1. Tell the truth, notwithstanding that you are the plaintiff, and on your oath. 2\. Take care that your adversary's solicitor has not got your letters up his sleeve. 3, Be per fectly sure when in the witness-box that you know your own handwriting. 4. Never bluff unless you have a full hand, on the off-chance that the other side will chuck up their case and settle for a tenner. 5. When instructing your solicitor tell him all the facts. 