NEEDLES: "Short, Sharp. Shiny." DulL Cloudy. Hudson's. Cyolorama. Deputations. General rains. Flower Show. Colonial wine. Kanaka labor. Splendid rains. Theatre closed. Triple alliance. A ourious book. Evicted tenants. Kevolt of Chins. Assault-at-arms. Frozen to death. A missing vessel. Cholera in China. Maritime trouble. Floods in Britain. Criminal animals. . An exciting scene. H.M.S. Tauranga. Colonial borrowing. "Letters to Boys." Sheffield Handicap. Exhibition concerts. Melbourne crowded. An unruly prisoner. Blizzard in Colorado. An immense landslip. An eight-miles swim. Wreck off Yarmouth. Boxing in Melbourne. A daring thief caught. Cricket season opened. The Orizaba at Albany. British crops destroyed. Warning to immigrants. An autograph petticoat. Bony races on Saturday. New Ministry sworn in. ! Hudson's Surprise Barty, A jockey tbrribly injured. A Bible Christian banquet. j Victorian Racing Carnival. i Chinese dying in hundreds. Abigail and Nathan on bail. Ball at'Government House. I Paris won the Caulfield Cup. j Embezzlement in Melbourne. Fireworks at the Semaphore. ! An Australian cruiser in port. Fierce gales in New Zealand. The Irish and the Democrats. A good score, South Adelaide. The Chief Justice at the Sturt. Prince Li HuDg Chang insane. An inch of rain at Broken Hill. Camoola favorite for the Derby. An immense crowd at Caulfield. Military Governor for Tasmania. Strike meeting at the Town Hall. Bushby's second concert to-night. Rabbits numerous in Queensland. Intercolonial Customs Conference. Exhibition concerts start to-morrow. European outlook "unusually calm." Wellington has been having a rough time. Public meeting in the Town Hall to-night. Licensed victuallers' picnic on Wednesday. The favorites cut up badly in the Caulfield Cup. Cholera killing off Chinkies by the hundreds daily. Five horses fell in Saturday's Steeplechase at Caulfield. The Torrens came down in flood after Sun day's rain. The Rosewater railway service is to be dis continued. i The maritime trouble is to be added to our , other woes. An unruly prisoner at the Sydney Water Police Court. A vast landslip ha3 occurred on the Sydney Brisbane line. The heavy rains of Sunday were experienced all over the colony. Country crops are looking splendid and farmers are jubilant. Two inches of rain fell on Sunday at several northern townships. The Governor attended the assault-at-arms on Saturday evening. A combination of musicians at the Exhibi tion to-morrow night. The Broken Hill defence committee received about £400 on Saturday. Grand array of musicians at the Exhibition Building during the week. The Premier and Minister of Foreign Affairs in China has become insane. Thirty gentlemen have applied for the I Governorship of Tasmania. Yesterday's meeting at Lindsay Circus was postponed until next Sunday. The London Board of Trade warns immi grants against going to Brazil. A fire occurred on Saturday in the Convent of the Good Samaritan in Sydney. One shower lasted for five minutes at the Barrier and produced 0"300 points. 20 000,000 gallons of water was caught in the Step'hen's Creek reservoir on Sunday. H is feared that the P. & O. steamer Bokhara Has foundered in a typhoon. Everv rider in the Caulfield Cup except Gmnsford was fined £5 by the starrer. America is legislating against painting advertisements in spots of natural beauty. The writer of "Letters to Boys" waxes eloquent on the subject of Cornish musio. Mi=s Maggie Moore was accorded a farewell benefit at the Theatre Royal on Saturday night. Tohn Caudalamah, the murderer of Ah Foo, died at the Yatala Stockade on bunday morning. , Mr J' G. Blaine wants American Irishmen to vote against the Democrats, "their former oppressors." Extensive and continuous floods have ruined the wheat crops m Yorkshire and North Wales. Messrs. T. R. Bright and James Marshall have been elected to act on the general com mittee of the S.A.C. A. Messrs. Sleath, Ferguson, Polkinghorne, Hum and Hewett will address a public meet ing in the Town Hall to-night. The iury in the Australian Banking Com oanv oases were unable to agree, and Messrs. Abigail and Nathan were released on bail. John Scott, Arnold Mathey, James Fermore Martin, and John Hurley were found not guilty in the Australian Banking Company cases. A Broken Hill Italian says the;foreigners there will stand "like man, like lion, like tiger, like brothers. Unionism would make lions'every one." . During a gale off Yarmouth a Danish sohooner foundered and the crew attempted to swim to a lightship eight imles distant, only the captain and cook succeedmg. Sir Henry Parkes definitely committed him self to the principles of the Woman's Suffrage League when he was Premier, but Sir Leorge Dibbs and Mr. Barton will have ntne of it. Mr A. E. Pitt, the well-known fruiterer, receives the thanks of the Queen for a case of South Australian oranges, which were for warded by Mr. Pitt and arrived m perfect oondition. ^ , , , The reaction from an overheated and too enthusiastic radicalism in politics and religion has not gone so far with Swinburne as it did with Souchey, but it has gone far enough to leave no question of bis right of inheritance to the laurel crown. "Nowhere in England have I seen such clean bright little children as those in the country districts and in the betters towns m Cornwall, and the houses all look as if they were daily washed both inside and out. "Letters to Boys." _ 1 At the Pantomime.—Little man vainly tty ing to catch a glimpse over the shoulders of a big man in front of him, at length touches him on the shoulder. Big man (turning round) —"Can't you seo anything? Little man (pathetically)—" Can't Bee a streak of the stage." Big man (sarcastically)—, Why, then, I'll tell you what to do. You keep your eye on me and laugh when I do." Foreign Affairs. This fact our sports must harass, They wear the foreign noose, J.UOJ O- V Their oup has gone to Barut, And their moneys made Totuou?! 