A THOROUGH-PACED SCOUNDREL. The San Francisco papers have been giving some attention to the case of an adventurer named Madison, who seems to have Deeming's partiality for constantly Booking out wives and quickly getting rid of them, but in a somewhat less brutal way. His latest victim, Mrs. Lucinda Dawes, a respectable widow, of Elmira, learned that her husband had recently married another widow at 81, Louis, and robbed and deserted her at Cleveland while on her wedding trip. Boon after lie appeared at Elmira. Ho straightway won the other widow's heartl and she married him two days later. At his instance she then sold her effects and gave him the money os they were about to start for San Miguel, California, whore, as he said, lie owned n fine fruit farm. Madison wont out to buy tickets and never came hnok. Mrs. Dawes learned that Madison had boon in California under the name of Anderson, and that lie had deserted a young wife there after robbing her, besides swindling others out of £1000. Ho wont to Germany, found his wife's mother, who lives there, and was about to got hold of her money when aim received a warning through a letter from her daughter. Then 1m appeared in Chicago, met another eontlding woman, and married her under the pretence of owning 1200 acres of land in Michigan. Sho shared the fate of her predecessors. Blnoo his original marriage in San Miguel, and between that and his marriage to Mrs. Dawes, Anderson married a Danish immigrant girl at Cherokee, Iowa. Ho wont with her to Omaha, whore ho robbed her of her money and deserted her. He went east, and at Hoboken mot another young Danish woman. Learning that she hau con bidorahle money he married her. Ho was living with her in Boston while ho was corresponding with Mrs. Dawes. While ho was in correspondence with Mrs. Dawes he married a widow >vho lived in Kansas City, got 260dol of her money and disappeared, and also married a woman in Galena, 111., who was treated in like manner. Ilia sixth victim was Mrs. Dawes. The Si. Louis widow koouik to have been the only one of Anderson's dupes who not to work to hunt the follow down. She put detectives on his truck, and ho was found in Albany in a fail way to secure his seventh victim in that city in the person of a well-to-do widow, Ho w% arrested and placed in gaol in Cleveland. Five of his wives signified their intention to appear against him when ho comes to trial, flis oiigiual and only legal wife obtained a divorce from him two years ago. 