EPITOME OF CABLE NEWS. LONDON, Februrry 18. Sir Heury James, Q.C., has introduced in the Honae of Commons a bill providing for the establishment ot a criminal court of ap peal. All the ooal-porters who recently went out on strike in London have now resumed work. A Pacifio Islands Syndicate, with a capital of <600,400, has been registered ; the direotors being the Earl of Albemarle, Mr. Jaber. Spcncor Balfour, M.P., chairman of the Lon don and General Banking Company, and the Marquis of St. Ives. Tho objects of the syndi cate are to acquire minoral rights and land for I growing fruit, to operate banks and all kinds of exploration and mercantile business in the new Hebrides, New Caledonia, and elsewhere. Mr. John Higginson, of the French New Hebrides Company, and Mr. Joseph Ebb smith are the managing directors. The issue Of Tasmanian 4} per cent Treasury bonds, to the amount of £360,0Q0, has been mostly placed. The bondB, which replaoe a previous issue, are redeemable in two years, iind the price is fixed at £100 6s. News has been received from Chili that a desperate attempt had been made to wreck a train at Valparaiso, on which Admiral Jorge Monte, President of the Chilian Republic, was a passenger, Fortunately the attempt tailed. A manifesto , has been issued in Poland ?living a revolution. Jt is reported that the objections of the British (iovernment to the restrictions on Chinese Immigration in Canada-have been re moved, and it is expeoted that the poll-tax op Chinese entering the Dominion will now be increased to 600 dollars. i Mr. Blake is reported to be willing to reas eume the leadership of the Liberal party ib Panada, on the condition that a direct com mercial union with the United States is adopted instead of unrestricted reciprocity of The Royal Commission appointed to investi gate the charges made against the late Pre mier of Quebec (Mr. Meroier) and other mem bers of the Ministry in connection with the Bay ofCbaleurs Railway scandal havfc been unable to agree upon their report. Twb of the judges have brought up a report con demning Sir. Merpler, the late Premier, anfl Mr. Tjangelier, President of tbe Council I but the other judge acquis all the aoeused of the chaises made against them, and oonsidoti that they were only guiltyofoareleasness. ' Several fresh outbreaks of foot-and-mouth flbeats atno.ng dttle in the vloiolty of London iiaveiweo reported, ; ?v. ffrptain Harry i OampboU Chads, of tb£ §oa&8tafiordehire Regiment, who has beeif appointed adjutant of the Queensland Yoluni teen, will sail for Australia, by the stsuhsbip Orotava, leaving London on the 26th Instant! Mr. Justice Cooper will return to Queensland bythoR.M.8. Jupona. ... The whole of the issue of Tpsmanian Treaj sury bonts has bow been placed. : 'Consignees oomplalnthat'the colonial butter shipped as first quality is really aeoond. anf there is * great scarcity iof pholce qualities, The balwoe of the shipment of New "Zealand factory butter by thi Aorangl has been told at 110s to 115s per ewt., and tbe Orotava'* shipment from Melbourne at 106s to 112s, Omng /to. the prevailing frost and the scarcity of Danish flutter prioes have risen 4s per bwt. j The Earl of Glasgow, who succeeds Lord Onslow as Governor of New Zealand, will sail by tbe steamship Austral. ! Replying to a question in tho House of Commons to-day with regard to .the alleged defective boilers in many of the vessels of thd navy, Mr. Fnrwbod, Secretary, to the Admirj ally, admitted.-that some difficulty had ariseu itnooun action with the boilers, but experiment* vrm now prooeedlng, and he promised to teaks & full statement on the matter later. ' Ihsdattk is announced of 8lr George Camp bell, H.P. for the Kirkcaldy Burghs. | fhe ship British Commodore, which left Fredqrickstadton the 81st October for Sydney] is .opposed to be (oat. ' It is stated chatthe refusal of Mr. Blaine; United States Secretaty of State, to parley for a reciprocity treaty with Canada unless thd Dominion Government agreed to discriminate against Oreat Britain in the tariff, has otiueed afailareofthe conference at Washington. i General Booth,of theiSalvationArmy, ina! speeoh delivered in Exeter Hall last night, de-j clared that Australia in order to become equal to the' United States of America required a' strong Government, -molality, and religion,' people Who would work, and regular immi gration in connection with the settling oij people on the land. 