MISCELLANEOUS. LONDON, May 5. It is reported that the Czar and Czarina of Russia will start on the 21st instant on a visit to the Emperor William of Germany, which will extend over several days. Mr. W. Saville-Kent, lately Commis- sioner of Fisheries in Queensland, has exhibited, at a conversazione of the Royal Society in London, a splendid pearl which was produced by an artificial process. The Manchester Chamber of Commerce, after a debate extending over three days, has passed a resolution urging the Govern- ment to take steps to promote an inter- national agreement which will secure a stable par of exchange between gold and silver. A very largely attended conference on the question of bi-metallism, at which all the principal Eastern banks and the bullion brokers and merchants were represented, was held at the Mansion House to-day. A resolution was carried similar to that re- cently adopted by the Manchester Chamber of Commerce (urging the Government to take steps to promote an international agreement for securing a stable par of exchange between gold and silver). LONDON, May 6. The Daily Telegraph says that the pre- sent demand for Australian securities will probably be followed by the issue of new loans by the colonial Governments. News has been received of a fierce conflict having taken place on the frontier of Poland in consequence of the Russian gendarmes preventing a large body of peasants from leaving the country. The peasants offered a determined resistance, and a large number were wounded in the affray. A bag containing a sum of 1,000,000 francs (£40,000) has been stolen from one of the parcels waggons of the Eastern Rail- way Company, in France. The Marquis di Rudini, the Italian Premier, has been defeated by a con- siderable majority on a vote of confidence arising out of the dissatisfaction felt at the financial proposals of the Government. The Marquis di Rudini thereupon tendered the resignation of himself and his col- leagues, which was accepted by King Humbert. It is probable that Signor Saracca will form a new Ministry. A disastrous railway accident is reported from Desmoines, in California. An express train by some means became derailed and fell over a bridge, with the result that seven persons were killed and fifteen injured. The race foe the One Thousand Guineas Stakes was run to-day at the Newmarket Spring Meeting, with the following result :— THE ONE THOUSAND GUINEAS STAKES, a subscription of 100 sovs. each, half forfeit, for three-year-old fillies, 8st. 12lb. each ; owner of second filly to receive 200 sovs. out of the stakes, and the third to save his stake. Closed with 77 subscribers. Baron de Hirsch's br.f. La Flêche, by St. Simon—Quiver .. .. .. .. 1 Duke of Portland's b.f. The Smew, by St. Simon—Golden Eye .. .. .. 2 Henry Milner's ch.f. Adoration, by Hermit —Devotion .. .. .. .. .. 3 Latest news from the Malay Peninsula states that the Pahang rebels are now be- coming bolder. They have killed several Chinese, and have attacked the Sikh escort. The coolie labourers, being afraid to con- tinue work, are now deserting the Raub mines. Public opinion at Singapore cen- sures the Governor for refusing to employ the military and naval forces there to sup- press the revolt. The Paris Press declare that King Humbert of Italy is now confronted with the question of either disarmament or the bankruptcy of the country. Unfavourable comments have been made on some of the shipments of New Zealand cheese received by the Morayshire. Ex- perts declare that the cream had been taken from the milk from which the cheese was made, and ordinary fat substituted. The trial of Nicholls, the editor, and Mowbray, the publisher of the English Socialist paper, The Commonweal, on the charge of inciting to the murder of Mr. Matthews, Home Secretary, and Mr. Jus- tice Hawkins, took place to-day. Mowbray was acquitted, but Nicholls was found guilty and sentenced to eighteen months' imprisonment. LONDON, May 7. His Holiness the Pope has issued a fresh letter to the French Cardinals, in which he urges the adoption of the conservative forces of unity and harmony, and the acceptance by the Catholic hierarchy without reserve of the constituted Government of the country, while retaining the right to combat any legislation which may be in opposition to the good of the Church. The Pall Mall Gazette, commenting on the approaching visit of the New South Wales Premier to England, says that Mr. Dibbs will have his work cut out to reassure investors in colonial Government stocks, especially after the article published in the “Investors' Review” last week by Mr. Wilson, of the Standard. The Times states that experts pronounce the Australian brandy shipped to England by Messrs. Joshua Bros, to be palatable and of high quality, possessing all the genuine characteristics of cognac. The article speaks in terms of high praise of Joshua Bros., for developing the industry. The train conveying the outward Austra- lian mails became derailed last night near Amiens, in France. Five of the vans were smashed to pieces, but no injury was done to the mails. Emin Pasha, who was last heard of as making his way to the coast from Equa- torial Africa, and was stated to be suffering from smallpox, is now reported to be dead. Replying to a question in the House of Commons last night, the Right Hon. A. J. Balfour virtually promised that the Govern- ment would introduce legislation to prevent the admission of destitute aliens into the country. Mr. Blaine, United States Secretary of State, is endeavouring to secure the holding of an international convention on the silver question in London in July next. LONDON, May 8. Mr. Blaine is reviving the discussion on the bill for the free coinage of silver, which was recently shelved in the United States. Signor Gioletti, who was mainly instru- mental in the overthrow of the Marquis di Rudini, the Italian Premier, who resigned a day or two ago, has expressed his approval of the foreign and military policy of the late Government, but dissents from their financial policy. The New Tasmanian Silver Mining Com- pany, with a capital of £8000, has been registered. The Board of Trade returns for the month of April show that the imports into Great Britain for the month decreased to the extent of £4,000,000, while the exports show a decrease of £3,000,000. Latest news from Russia states that 17,000 refugees from the adjacent villages are now dependent upon charity in the city of Kazan. They are begging for food in the streets and sleeping in the public shelters which have been provided. LONDON, May 9. It is reported that the Bulgarian Govern- ment have decided to close all the ports on the Danube to Russian steamers. The London Chartered Bank of Aus- tralia has declared a dividend of 8 per cent, and carried forward £16,000. An anti- Jewish crusade is being fomented in Germany in connection with the leader- ship of the extreme Conservative party, One Jewish firm has been openly charged with selling to the army half- a-million of useless rifles, and hoodwinking the inspectors. Notwithstanding the clamour that has been raised on the matter, how- ever, Count von Caprivi, the German Chancellor, has remained silent. The Chinese Minister at Washington has officially protested against the proposed bill for the exclusion of Chinese from the United States, on the ground that it is a violation of treaty rights. It is reported that there is a movement on foot to induce all the Chinese in America to return to China, and this is causing some uneasiness. A majority of the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the United States House of Representatives are reported to be in favour of the annexation of Hawaii, and Mr. Blaine, Secretary of State, is pushing the movement. Sir John Gorst, Financial Secretary to the Treasury, who has for a long time past taken a prominent part in labour questions, is advocating the establishment of boards of conciliation and arbitration similar to those adopted in Australia. The political crisis in Italy caused by the resignation of the Rudini Ministry still continues, and King Humbert is now con- sulting Signor Crispi with a view to the formation of a new Cabinet. The Protectionist party in Spain has induced the Premier, Senor Canovas del Castillo, to stop the negotiations with Great Britain for the conclusion of a new commercial treaty between the two countries. Great damage and some loss of life has been caused at Perria, Illinois (U.S.A.), by floods, which have destroyed the river em- bankment. It is reported at Chicago that the story that Patrick O'Sullivan, who was convicted of being concerned in the murder of Dr. Cronin some years ago, died recently, was a concoction with the object of facilitating the escape of the prisoner from gaol by the substitution of a bogus body for him. News has been received that the Chinese military students at Schunching are, with the connivance of the Viceroy, expelling British missionaries. The death is announced of Lord Bram- well, formerly a Judge of the Court of Appeal, aged 83 years. [Bramwell (Lord), the Right Hon. Sir George William Wilsher, P.C., son of the late Mr. George Bramwell, banker, was born in London, in 1808 (says “Men and Women of the Time”). In early youth he was placed in his father's counting-house, where he acquired a practical knowledge of the business of banking, which in after years proved of great value to him. Having resolved to try the legal profession, he practised for some time as a pleader, and was, in 1838, called to the Bar, and went to the Home Circuit. He gradually obtained a large busi- ness as a lawyer and pleader; in 1849 was a member, with Sir J. Jervis, Sir A. Cockburn, Mr. Willes, and Mr. Baron Martin, of the Common Law Procedure Commission, which resulted in the Common Law Procedure Act of 1852\. In 1851 he became a Queen's Counsel, and was a member of the Commission for in- quiring into the law of partnership. Differing in opinion with the majority of the Commis- sion, he recommended the adoption of a law of limited liability as now existing. In answer to the objection that persons might deal with limited liability companies believing them to be unlimited, Mr. Bramwell suggested a dis- tinguishing addition to their name as “limited.” This advice was adopted, and gave great satis- faction. Mr. Bramwell was, in 1856, made a Baron of the Exchequer, and received the honour of knighthood. In October, 1876, he was made a Judge of the intermediate Court of Appeal, and sworn of the Privy Council. He retired from the bench at the close of the year 1881\. In February, 1882, he was raised to the peerage by the title of Baron Bramwell, of Hever, in the county of Kent. Lord Bram- well's frequent letters to the Times, whether in his own name or signed “B,” have generally attracted attention.] The satisfactory quality of the Victorian brandy recently shipped to England is likely to lead to further shipments, and it is expected that there will be at least 60,000 gallons of Australian brandy in this country before Christmas. It is hoped that a large trade will soon be developed. The New Zealand apples received by the Kaikoura are selling at 8s. to 15s. per case. The grapes were well packed, and arrived in good condition. They are selling at 9d. per lb. General Grosser, Prefect of Police at St. Petersburg, has been poisoned, it is believed, by Nihilists, and his condition is regarded as hopeless. Mr. John Burns, the labour leader, in a speech delivered at Battersea to-day, declared that the attitude taken up by Mr. Gladstone on an important social and economic labour question (the eight- hour day) would not assist him in sweeping the country at the general election, as the labour party insisted upon a quid pro quo for their support of the Irish Home Rule policy. A Marine Court of Inquiry has been held into the circumstances attending the disaster which occurred in the English Channel on the 1st January, when the Danish schooner Fylla was run down by the Orient steamer Oroya. The court acquitted the captain and officers of the Oroya of negligence in connection with the collision. Tom Williams, the champion Australian lightweight pugilist, has been matched to box Nicklen, an English lightweight, for a purse of £200, at the National Sporting Club, London, on 4th July. LONDON, May 10. Mr. W. B. Perceval, Agent-General for New Zealand, read a paper on that colony at a meeting of the Colonial Institute last evening. He claimed that New Zealand was a perfectly safe field for investment, and was rapidly developing wealth. He defended the recent financial legislation of the colony, and denied that the labour party had advocated confiscation or repu- diation. He thought that English states- men exhibited some timidity in preparing a scheme of Imperial Federation. A bust of the late Sir John Macdonald, Premier of Canada, has been erected in St. Paul's Cathedral. George Lohmann, one of the cricketers who visited Australia with Lord Sheffield's English team of cricketers recently, in the course of an interview yesterday stated that in his opinion W. Bruce, the Victorian cricketer, was the best batsman in Aus- tralia. He also stated that a vast improve- ment was noticeable in the cricket played in Sydney and Melbourne. The United States Senate has endorsed the arrangement with the Inman Steam- ship Company, which will have the effect of securing for the United States the services of the steamships City of New York and City of Paris as war cruisers, and also the services of five other fast steamers. The Rev. W. J. Woods has been finally elected secretary of the Congregational Union of England and Wales. Mr. Albert Spicer has been elected chair- man of the Congregational Union. [At a meeting on 2nd February of the general committee of the Congregational Union the Rev. J. Guinness Rogers brought up the report of a special committee respecting the vacant secretariat, recommending the appointment of the Rev. W. J. Woods, of Clapton, subject to ratification by the annual meeting in May. Mr. Woods was accordingly provisionally appointed secretary, and the appointment has now been ratified.] Dr. Pellegrini, President of the Argen- tine Republic, has expressed himself as con- fident that the revenue of the Republic for the first six months of the current year will exceed the revenue for the whole of the year 1891. Latest news from the Malay Peninsula states that the Sultan of Pahang, with 500 followers, is now engaged in active opera- tions against the rebels. An attack has been made on the Jewish quarters at Lodz, in Poland, by 20,000 Russians, and many of the Jews were killed. The Times, in an article published this morning, says that the mystery which is preserved with regard to Mr. Dibbs's mission to England will have a harmful tendency, and will suggest anxiety as to the solvency of the Australian colonies, although their solvency is undoubted. Mr. Dibbs, the article states, would render the best service to the colonies if he were to declare that steps would be taken to prevent misappropriation and political corruption, that immigration would be encouraged, and that money borrowed would be properly applied. The latest betting on the English Derby is as follows :—2 to 1 v. La Flêche, 100 to 12 v. Bona Vista, 9 to 1 v. Saint Damien. BATAVIA, May 3. The Q.R.M.S. Tara, from Brisbane 12th April, left Batavia for London to-day. 