Latest Intelligence. IBY OABLEGRAM.] [FpOM OUR OWN B0R1BPONDENT.l LoNDON, May 9. The London Charered Bank of Aus tralia has declared a dividend of 8 per cent., and carried forward £16,000. It is reported that there is a movement on foot to induce all the Chinese in America to return to China, and this is causing some uneasiness. Great damage and some loss of life has been caused at Perria, Illinois (U.S.A.), by floods, which have destroyed the river embankment. It is reported at Chicago that the story that Patrick O'Sullivan, who was convicted of being concerned in the mur der of Dr. Cronin some years ago, died recently, was a concoction with the ob ject, of facilitating the escape of the prisoner from gaol by the substitution of a bogus body for him. The political crisis in Italy caused by the resignation of the Rudini Ministry still continues, and King Humbert is now consulting Signor Crispi with a view to the formation of a new Cabinet. Lord Sheffield's team of cricketers have arrived from Australia. News has been received that the Chinese military students at Schunching are, with the connivance of the Viceroy, expelling British missionaries. The death is announced of Lord Brainm well, formerly a Judge of the Court of Appeal, aged eighty-three years. The satisfactory quality of the Vic torian brandy recently shipped to Eng land is likely to lead to further bship ments, and it is expected that there will be at least 60,000 gallons of Australian brandy in this country before Ch'ristmas. It is hoped that a large trade will soon be developed. The New Zealand apples received by the Kaikoura are selling at 8s. to 15s. per case. The grapes shipped by the same steamer were well packed, and arrived in good condition. They are selling at 9d. per lb. General Gresser, Prefect of Police at St. Petersburg, has been poisoned, it is believed, by Nihilists, and his condition is regarded as hopeless. Mr. John Burns, the labour leader, in a speeeh delivered at Battersea to-day, declared that the attitude taken up by Mr. Gladstone on an important social and economic labour question (the eight-hour day) would not assist him in sweeping the country at the general election, as the labour party insisted upon a quidpro quo for their support of the Irish Home Rule policy. Mr. Gladstone, he said, had better disregard the policy of his advisers, which was of a suicidal character. A Marine Court of Inquiry has been held into the circumstances attending the disaster which occurred in the English Channel, on the slet January, when the Danish schooner Fylla was run down by the Orient steamer Oroya. The Court acquitted the captain and officers of the Oroya of negligence in connection with the collision. Tom Williams, the champion Aus tralian lightweight pugilist, has been matched to box Nicklen, an English lightweight, for a purse of £200, at the National Sporting Club, London, on the 4th July. Lomnoc, May 10. Mr. W. B. Perceval, Agent-General for New Zealand, read a paper on that calony at a meeting of the Colonial In s;itute last evening. HIe claimed that New Zealand was a perfectly safe field for investment, and was rapidly develop ing wealth. He defended the recent financial legislation of the colony, and denied that the labour party had ad vocated confiscation or repudiation. He thought that English statesmen exhibited some timidity in preparing a scheme of Imperial Federation. A bust of the late Sir John Macdonald, Premier of Canada, has been erected in St. Paul's Cathedral. The United States Senate has en dorsed the arrangement with the Inman Steamship Company, which will have the effect of securing for the United States the services of the steamships City of New York and City of Paris as war cruisers, and also the services of five other fast steamers. [The nature of the arrangement that has, according to our cable message, been made between the United States Government and the In man Company for securing the services of the company's steamers as war cruisers is by no means clear, but it may be men tioned in this connection that both the City of Paris and the City of New York (which are vessels of 10,500 tone and 18,000-horse power, with a speed of 19 knots) are included in the list of merchant steamers held at the disposal of the British Admiralty for use as armed cruisers in case of need.] Dr. Pelligrini, President of the Argen tine Republic, has expressed himself as confident that the revenue of the Repub lic for the first six months of the current year will exceed the revenue for the whole of the year 1891. Latest news from the Malay Peninsula stawes that the Sultan of Pahang, with 500 followers, is now engaged in active operations against the rebels. it is iprobable that Signor Cioletti, whose action led to the defeat of the tudini Cabinet, will be summoned by King Humbert to form a new Italian Ministry. An attack has been made on the Jewish quarters at Lodz, in Poland, by 20,000 Russians, and many of the Jews were killed. Mr. John Porter, trainer for the Duke of Westminster, asserts that he and Mr. Williams, the veterinary surgeon, are convinced that the racehorse Orme has been suffering from theeffects ofastrong irritant poison, and not, as was stated, from dentition. George Lohmann, one of the cricketers who visited Australia with Lord SBhef field's English team of cricketers recently, in the course of an interview yesterday, stated that in his opinion W. Bruce, the Victorian cricketer, was the best batsman in Australia. He also stated that a vast improvement was noticeablein the cricket played in Sydney and Melbourne. The Rev. W. J. Woods has been finally elected secretary of the Congre gational Union of England and Wales. Mr. Albert Spicer has been elected chairman of the Congregational Union. The Times, in an article published this morning, says that the mystery which is preserved with regard to Mr. Dibbs's mission to England will have a harmful tendency, and will suggest an xiety as to the solvency of the Australian colonies, although their solvency is un doubted. Mr. Dibbs, the artiole states, would render the best service to the col onies if he were to declare that steps would be taken to prevent misappropri ation and political corruption, that im migration would be encouraged, and that money borrowed would be properly applied. A. judicial inquiry has been instituted in Berlin in connection with the charge made against a Jewish. firm of selling half-a-million useless rifles to the army authorities, and hoodwinking the inspec tors. The laiest betting on the English Derby is as follows:-2. to 1 v. La Fltehe, 100 to 12 v. Bona Vista, 9 to 1 v. Saint Damien. .M. Very, the proprietor of a restaurant in Paris which was recently blown up by Anarchists, and who was terribly muti lated by the explosion, has now died from his injuries. 