In Saturday’s Star appeared a notice of proceedings in the Bankruptcy Court, Sydney. An order was made for the sequestration of the estate of a man who had been trading as the Sydney Deposit Bank. A public ac countant who had investigated the concern reported to the proprietor that “as far as regards the affairs of your bank, you are utterly and irre trievably insolvent.” The amount on deposit at the bank is stated to be over £74,000. What has been done with the money does not clearly appear, but it seems that properties have been purchased and their computed values shown as assets in the balance-sheets. But the- ingenious •ngdividual who styled himself a Deposit Bank, loaded these properties from time to time with what' he calls “ increased value,” some of which was credited to ordinary increment and some to the amount of interest due or owing on the original investment. This, of course, was treat ing land like money put out at com pound interest, and it is easy to see that, by such a plan, any piece! of property would, in course of time, arrive at a fabulous value. At all events, the expert who examined the affairs of this singular deposit bank states that the properties “will never realise within a cooee of the amounts, at which they stand in the books.” The outcome will appear in due course, when the case has been dealt with in the insolvency court. However it may differ in detail, it is for all prac tical purposes similar to other affairs which have occupied public attention much nearer home. The natural result is a widespread distrust of finan cial institutions generally, and a mischievous readiness to believe anything to their .disparagement. Almost a breath would be sufficient just now to shake financial institutions which do not rank as first-class banka, and even with the very soundest and strongest of these in the present state of. the public mind a disastrous panic is always possible. The restoration of public confidence must needs be a work of time, and it may be indefinitely postponed if the popular distrust is in the meantime fed by further financial exposures. It is to be hoped that such dis closures as have been made in the case of the Land Credit- Bank will be the last of their kind.' The late manager has been' convicted of dealing im properly with the property of the bank, and it was also shown that, in some transactions at least, he acted in concert with one or more of the directors. Some of these gentlemen admitted having taken up shares in anew issue, for which they paid by means of overdrafts. Ho charge is suggested of any improper or dishonorable intention'on the part of any of the directors. They did what they did, as a thing quite within the lines of business as it was understood and practised in the crazy boom timel And there is something in the conten tion that true commercial morality was at that time stricken with fever and delirium, and that the reckless and un sound speculation of the time must be judged in the light of that fact. Still the action of the directors of the Land Credit Bank in taking up shares or overdrafts is by no means to be com mended. A contemporary says—“ln the first place, it gives to the public the impression that the capital of the company is being increased, when the additions to it in reality are very slight. In the second place, it suggests that the uncalled capital, to which the depositor always looks as a security, has been enlarged, though the shares may be held by a few men, who might he unable to contribute anything in the event of a financial disaster.” And here is where the mischief comes in the shape of a further reduction of public confidence. Where one irregu larity is disclosed a thousand are sus pected, and, although we have left the boom craze far behind,' the after col lapse will not he gotten over until that confidence is restored. It is perhaps a sorry consolation that in our. financial and commercial troubles we are no worse than others have been. Commercial and financial panics have appeared at intervals, like the measles or the plague, ever since there were any great interests to be affected by them. For example, in 1857, all the banks in the United States stopped payment, and bank paper became temporarily valueless from the Gulf of Mexico -to the Canadian frontier. This was a catastrophe far heavier than any thing which has befallen or is likely to befal us. It was brought about by the banks trading beyond their capital. There came doubt, then serious enquiry, then a panic. Some of the most substantial banks and financial companies had to admit failure, and, in the wild rush that ensued, .all the rest were swept away. It is pointed out as a very dangerous abuse of banking practice in the States that ultimate, instead of present and actual, security for their obligations is good enough. It may be, so long as everything goes smoothly, but it should be a first requisite in any financial in stitution that it could, at any time, meet its liabilities promptly and fully. Melbourne people have had plenty of -illustrations of what happens when de posits are locked up in unrealisable securities. It is-' not only that pay ments have to be deferred indefi : nitely, but that the crisis tends largely to depreciate the value of the securities themselves. In the State of Massachusetts in 1856 there were 135 banks, which held deposits to the amount of over 6J millions of dollars, and had notes in circulation amount ing to more than 13 millions of dollars. And against this 20 millions or so of liability at demand, the specie held by the whole of the 135 hanks was but a little over a million dollars. A storm came at last, all the more furious perhaps from being so long delayed, and these rotten institutions were swept away and replaced with others of sounder growth. The same thing in kind, if not in degree, is happening just now in Australia. Signs of the coming election campaign; are thickening day by day. Retiring members are quietly canvassing their, old electorates, new men are feeling their way, and in many cases candi dates have fully declared themselves. What is now wanted is that some dis tinct political issues shall be placed before the electors, about which they should have plenty of time for con sideration. It is altogether an un toward circumstance that the Minis terial manifesto will not be forth coming for more than a fortnight. The policy of the Government being wanting the political play is, in the meantime, something like that of Hamlet with the Danish Prince left out, and candidates who wish to de clare themselves honestly and fully on the whole position are placed at a very serious disadvantage. The situa tion must, we presume, be accepted as it stands, although embarrassing com plications may be looked for later on. The electors may profitably consider the question of restoring our general finances to a satisfactory and sound position. There is a deficit to be faced, as to which we only know that it is of very serious amount. Mr Munro, some time since, set this debit balance at three-quarters of a million, and to this amount, whether it be over or under stated, must be- added the accruing deficit of the current year, which, judging by what is known of the year’s transactions, will be at least as much, if not more. It may be assumed with tolerable certainty that, at the end of the financial year, the colony will have to look in the face a deficit of nearly a million and a half. It is now past argument that we must for the first part arrange for die liqui dation of the deficit, and in the second see to it that our general revenue and expenditure are brought into equal and parallel lines. And, this being granted, there isabsolutelyno expedient available but that of increased taxation. We by no means overlook the fact that much may be gained by reasonable retrenchment. It is to be hoped that something, at least, will be done in this way. But the difficulty which Mr Munro ingeniously confessed, that he could neither propose retrenchment nor new taxation without making himself unpopular, is one which besets every Treasurer, and we shall never get things put straight until wo have a Treasurer and a Government which will regard the necessities of the com munity first and the .possible un popularity of attending to them after wards. One thing at least is clear, there must be additional taxation, and the ’only question is in what direction, and to what extent. Part of the answer is, fortunately, easy. The beer duty which the O’Loghlen Government re mitted must be reimposed if not in creased and the duty on tea similarly dealt with. There can be no objection to raising the duty on spirits to the level accepted in the other colonies, and these three items would help the re venue to an amount over £300,000. If we add to tliis say a quarter of u million, to be saved in the various State Departments we find the amount to be covered by fresh taxation to be comparatively light. An increase of net revenue, whether by extra con tributions, or retrenchment, or both combined, of about £BOO,OOO per year would enable us to pay off our deficit within a reasonable time. It is of course understood that economy of administration will be accepted not as a casual tonic, but as.something which must always be carried out. The electors of Victoria have the position pretty fully before them, and it must be left to their intelligence and patriot ism, to practise at the elections next month the lessons which that position teaches. former were drawn up in error by a clerk from tlie.-.mining manager’s letter to the directors on Thursday night, intended for a private meeting mi the Friday. Tire -clerk waenot aware of any later information from the mine. Xhe reports appearing in -the Ballarat papers weire obtained after a per sonal visit to' the mine on Friday night,-and were strictly correct. The explanation was ; considered a satisfactory one. The February sittings of the Ballarat County Court were held yesterday before his Honor Judge Hamilton, at the Lydiard street courthouse. The following causes were disposed of:—Rennedy v Tuena, to recover £l3 7a 6-1, board and lodging. Mr Robertson appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr Pearson for the defence. A verdict was given for the defendant, costs to be taxed. Berger v Rattray, to recover £l4 10s, rent?, verdict for the defendant, costa to be taxed. Hall v Chisholm, to recover £lO 18s for an alleged breach of ngreement. Mr Pearson appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr Tuthill for the defendant. The plaintiff was non suited, costs to be tax°d. Harrington v Chisholm, to recover £32 7s for breach nf agreement. The plaintiff was nonsoilcd, with costs. Slater v Burke, Franoart, and Cos., to recover £37 for breach of agree ment. Mr T. A. R'bertson appeared for the plaintiff, and .Mr D. S.,Wanli-iB for the defendant. A verdict was given for the de fendant, with £lO costs. Adams v Richard son, to recover £lOO for an alleged trespass. Mr Barrett appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr B. P. Wynne for the defendant. A verdict for the plaintiff was entered. The court then adjourned sine die. A cablegram dated from St, Johns, New foundland, yesterday, reports the occurrence of a terrific gale or blizzird on Monday which did immense dam tge, and is supposed to have caused a fearful loss of life. The Him, James Munro, the new Agent- General passed through Ballarat' last ov»n ing by express for Adelaide where he will, to day join the B. M.S. Victoria for London.- Mr Munro was met at the Western station by a number of leading cit’zsus, including Mr VV. Cnltman, J.P., Mr VV. T. Dimsey, and other prominent workers in the tem perance cause: The Agent General passed the time at his disposal-in conversation with his friends on the platform, and on the train leaving for Adelaide he was accorded u hearty farewell by all present. It will be seen by a report elsewhere that at a representative meeting of north ward, ratepayers last night, the proposal fora loan was negatived by a very largo majority. A meeting of publicans and owners of hotel properties affected by the Ballarat East local option poll was held.last evening, at the Phoenix hotel, B.irkly street, fur the purpose of considering various matters in connection with the forthcoming compensa tion court, Mr J. Phillips occupied the chair, and there was a very large number present. A good deni of conversational dis cussion took p'ace, and Messrs Tuthill and J. B. Pearson were mentioned as the legal gentlemen who would probably be entrusted to look after the interests of those who were to be compensated. The Durham coal miners have decided to join in - the general strike which has been determined on with a view of checking supplies, and so avoiding the necessity for a reduction of wages. The Ballarat West branch of the Pro gressive Political League held a meeting at the Trades' Hall for the purpose of considering matters iu connection with the selection of a candidate. Mr VV. Hurds field, president of the Trades’ Council, pre sided. A lengthy discussion took place among those present in regard to the selec tion of a candidate, and it was finally moved by Mr G. Ewin, and seconded by Mr Ling ham—“ That every member of the league (m far as possible) be written to to attend a summoned . meeting on Tuesday night next, for the purpose of deciding whether we shall select a member of the branch ns a candidate at the next election.” Mr Jumiesnn moved —"That we affirm the desirability of select ing a member of the league to- night.” This was seconded by Mr Richards. The amend ment was carried, and it was resolved that nominations should be received on Tuesday night next, each nomination piper to be signed by at least 10 members of the branch. The meeting then adjourned Until that dale. Three members of the Windermere street contingent of the Salvation Army, uamed Margaret Pratt, Emily Galway, and L’zz'e Dunatan, were yesterday brought before tilt! City Police Court for breaches of the bylaw regarding street processions, and sentenced to six weeks' imprisonment. A full re port of the proceedings appears in another column. Hia Excellency the Governor is to come down from Ararat to Melbourne this morn ing to preside over an Executive Council. After tliis a Cabinet meeting is to be held to further discuss the Government pro gramme. Mr J. W. Kirton, M.L A , waited on the Minister of Public Works yesterday, and urged him to fill up some of the quarry holes in Ballarat West, with a vien of improving the value of land in the vicinity and pro viding work for the unemployed. Mr Gra ham viewed the proposal with favor and instructed Mr Davidson, the inspector general, to visit Ballarat on Friday and fur nish a report on the matter. It is believed (says onr Buninyong corre spondent) that the great success'of one of the candidates at the recent'Mining Board election will tempt that gentleman to seek a ■eat in the Legislative Assembly at the first opportunity, A special train, conveying over 100 of the unemployed of Melbourne, passed through Ballarat at 1.20 yesterday morning. A stoppage, of a quarter of an hour was made, at the Western station. The men were regaled with temperance refreshments, pro vided on the order of the Government, and for which they were profuse in their thanks for the unexpected kindness displayed. The superintendent nf police had a staff of con stnhlea in attendance: at the .station lest their services should be required, but it is pleasing to add that the conduct of the men was very orderly. Among the unemployed was a man who some years ago was station master in the Ballarat district. The special left Ballarat for Warracknabsal at 1.50, arriving at its destination at 7 a.in. The Ballarat Licensing Court will sit this mnrning at the Lydiard street courthouse, to deal with a number of applications for the transfer of victuallers’ licenses. \- , One of. the members of the Salvation Army named William Bowes, who, in company with six others, was sentenced to a month’s imprisonment for breaches of the City by laws, was yesterday released from custody, his mother having waited upon the authori ties and paid the fine and costs, amounting to £6 3s. The young fellow expressed sorrow at the action of his mother, and said lie would prefer to remain in prison with his comrades, who were being persecuted for doing their duty to God and humanity. The mother pleaded that the thought of her son lying in prison was breaking Tier heart, and she begged of the lad to accept the offer of freedom and accompany her home, which lie accordingly did. The Behring’s Sea fisheries dispute has, at last, been finally referred to arbitra tion. Tiie only prisoner for trial at the Court of General Sessions yesterday, before his Honor Judge Hamilton, was Alexander Johnson alias M‘lntosh, who was charged with steal ing a watch the properly of a Mr Exell, at Beaufort. The prisoner pleaded guilty, and was sentenced to one month’s imprison ment. Four boys were charged at the City Police Court yesterday with bathing in Lake Wen donree. Constable Stoddard stated that he observed the boys swimming in the lake on the evening of the 18-.li inst. They had broken into the boathouse of Mr Wanlise, and in addition to th» damage done inr-ff.-c'- ing an entrance,,had committed a beastly offence. Mr Fitzgerald said that the parents of the boys were very much to blame. It was painful to observe the numbers of boys and girls who went to the lake every night, and their carryings on were simply disgraceful, and it was Duly just that parents who failed to look after their children should be made to suffer. The boys were each fioed £1 with is costs. The Cabmen’s Union will hold their annual picnic to-day at Burruniheet Park. At the City Police Court yesterday a young man named J. J. Goodwin was charged on remand witli having no visible lawful means of support, Senior-Cpnstab'e Shorthill deposed that on Sunday week last he was sent for by theinmatesof the Loretto Convent, who informed him that accused had forced hia way into the institution, and his behavior was such as to put them iu terror of their lives. Hu wont to the place, and found the man in an outbuilding armed with an axe. He arrested him and lodged him in the City lock-up. Sergeant Murphy Stated that the prisoner was one of ma y who had come to -Ballarat -from Mel bourne on free' passes. . Constable Rogerson said that lie .and others had given toe prisoner, on.- his arrival here, pecuniary assistant, and had interested themselves on his behalf, and found employment for him which he did not keep. Mr Fitzgerald, chairman of the bench, remarked that u was a scandalous shame that Ballarat should be burdened with the paupers of Melbourne, as there were already too many unemployed here He hoped the abominable free pass system would be stopped, as it only shifted the trouble from the shoulders of one city and placed it on thoie of another. Goodwin was sentenced to three mouths imprls m meat, with hard labor. A lad named Edward Williams, 10 years nf age, whose parents reside in Peel street, had the tops of the forefingerand thumb of one hand blown off yesterday by the ex plosion of a dynamite cap with which ho was playing. The injury was attended to at the Hospital. A young man named Powell, re siding in Ripon street, was also treated for a fracture of the first joint of the thumb emsed by striking it with a hammer. Superintendent Drought has written -to Superintendent Palmer expressing his appre ciation of the manner iu which Sergeant Murphy and Constable Rogerson worked up the evidence against the man Vaughan, who was recently convicted of sheep steal ing at Branxholnie. This is only one nf the mmy good marks that have been recorded against the names of the officers mentioiied. A meeting of those interested in the formation of a branch of the Young Women’s Christian Association was held in the Lydiard street Wesleyan Church yesterday after noon, when an address was given by Miss Booth, linn, secretary, "of the Melbourne association. The. Rev.'Dr Porter presided, ond addresses were also given by the Revs. J. Harrison and W, S. Macqneen.. The chairman referred to the kindness nf the pastor of the Lydiard ■ street church in p'acing the.building at their disposal, and apologised for the abwnoe of the Wesleyan ministers, whose duties had called them to the sessions of the conference in Melbourne, and whose sympathies were with the work of Miss Booth/ , The address of Miss‘Booth was most effective. In consequence of many of the young women being engaged iu busi ness, it was decided for their bcueflt to hold another nieeting.'in the lower schoolroom on Thursday when Miss Booth will be glad to meet the young.women of Ballarat, and lay the claims of the movement before them. The Mutual Improvement Associa tion will meet on that evening in the upper room. The town , bench was occupied yesterday morning hy Messrs Turpie and: Elaworth, J’s.P. Four'-persons were dealt with on charges of drunkenness. Cross cases of Cohen v Firrell and Farrell v Cohen, for using insulting words, were ad j turned for a week. A concert and elocutionary entertainment was given last evening in the Methodist Free Church, Peel street, in aid.»f the church funde. There was a large attendance, and the chair was occupied by the Rev. E. Turner. The programme included a number of excellent vocal selections hy the Misses Clara Williams,-Ada Roberts, Wigney, Sarah Wigncy, Cuoningham, and Mr Junes. Miss Tolliday and * Miss Wigney contributed pianoforte solos, and Mr Cde Corneille two fine recitations. The accompaniments to the songs were played by the Misses Tolli day, Wigney, and Roberts. At the conclu sion of the entertainment hearty votes of thanks were passed to all who had assisted in making it a success. A young man nam'd Thomas Cooper was fined £l, with £1 6i costs, at the City Police Court yesterday for leaving his hired service with Robert Don without, having given a week’s notice. A wedding took place at the Lydiard street Wesleyan Church last evening, at o’clock, by the Rev. W. R. Cunningham, betwe'n Mr W. H Muir, of Raglan street, and Mbs Edith E. A. Matthews. The bride wrs prettily attired, and attended by four bridesmaids. ■ The wedding march was played by Mbs Eyres at the conclusion of the ceremony. The fruit soiree in connection with the harvest festival at the Methodist Church, S ’Ulh street, was held on Monday evening. Mr- J. W. Rail presided, and addresses were delivered by Mias Booth and the Rev. J. B. Johnson. After some music by the choir, fruit was served out by the young ladies and appreciated by the assembly; after which the large quantity of exhibits wore submitted by auction by Mr Rail and met with ready purchase. A vote of thanks was proposed by Mr J. Roberts.-and seconded ;by Mr J. Gregory, and heartily carried to all concerned in the arrangements. In the Court of Insolvency yesterday, his Honor Judge Hamilton granted a certificate of discharge to J. Shelling, the insolvent paying 7s in the £l. The remains of the late Miss Catherine Shannon, daughter of Mrs Thomas Shannon, of Wills street, were'yesterday interred in the Ballarat New Cemetery. The funeral was largely attended. Avery handsome collection of floral wreaths and crosses, sent by the friends of the d-oeased were placed upon the coffin, the bearers nf which were Messrs D. Stewart, C. Hager, T. Parsons, and T. Curtain. The Rev. Father Rogers officiated at the grave, and Mr Stephen Wellington conducted the mortuary arrange ments. The fortnightly meeting of the City branch A.N.A. takes place to night. The item on the syllabus is a paper, entitled “The influence of gambling on the national character.” to ha read by Mr E. G. Wol laston. There is also a notice of motion by Mr Gaunter, bearing on the alienation of public lands, and there will no doubt be an animated discussion on both subjects. As will be seen from our advertising columns, an old resident of Ballarat, Mr Richard Armstrong Crouch lios, ofter a bril liant University course, commenced the practice nf his profession as a barrister and solicitor at 331 Collins afreet, Melbourne. All his friends wish him success. The “ Claymore Whisky Trophy,” which is to be the first p-ize in. the hose and ladder event at the ensuing Fire Brigades’ Demon stration, is now on view in the window of Messrs Snow and Room’s establishment, Sturt street. It consists nf a handsome in'irhle clock, atid has been greatly ad mired. A preliminary examination under the Pharmacy Board was held yesterday at the Ballarat School of Mines. . Four candidates presented themselves. The results of the examination will he made known in due course. A, fire occurred at Yendon on Monday night at the residence nf Mr A. Dobbin, farmer and grazier. The building, which was a four-roomed weatherboard one, was with its contents totally destroyed, and ns it was only insurel for a ainoll amount Mr D ibhin is a heavy loser. The fire is sup posed to have originated through a spark from the. kitchen fire lodging in some in flnmable material. Several stacks close by and stabling were fortunately untouched by the flames. Scarcity of water is (says our Lexton corre spondent) being felt very much at present by the residents of the township, and, to make Mdrfters worse, the town pump is locked against the public for 23 hours out of the 24. As the pomp is supplied by a spring at a depth of 12 feet from the surface, the pro bability is that by sinking another six nr eight feet sufficient water would be obtained to supply the whole lot Washing nf clothes will have to be given up for a while. As cleanliness is next to godliness, the sooner the local board of health supply us with this necessary of life, which will only necessitate a small outlay, the better. A meeting of St. Patrick’s Day Festival Committee was held at Brophy’s hotel on Tuesday, the Ist inat., at 3 p.m., Mr William White in the chair, and’ Father Rogers, Messrs C. Fitzgerald, E. J. Hayden, and W. A. Hayden, J n i. Meehan, J. Noonan, W. Johnson, F. M‘Auley, J. g! Ditty, R. J. Miller. Apologies were re ceived from Mr D. Brophy, manager; Ser geant-Major Bradley and R T. Hag*r Correspondence—From the clerk nf the Ball larat City Council, that the council had granted their patronage and support and had granted the usual holiday. A sub committee consisting of the chairman (Mr White) the manager (Mr Brophy), and the secretary mere appointed to arrange for the holding of Thursday, the 17th inst., as a public holiday. Messrs John Noonan, Jolfn Cornev and James Meagher were appointed as judges of the dancing. _ Messrs John Noonan and B. Daly were appointed as the works committee. It was decided to advertise for a drum and fife hand and. a brass band, giving programme and number of performers. It was also de cided to advertise the sale of two publican’s booths, two refreshment booths, and the cards of the races. Mr Wm. A. Hayden re ported;that the dramatic portion nf the Dro , gramma was going on wall. Mr Il.iger reported the racing-programme was out and : all work ill connection with- the racing' well in hand. Donations received Fhlljib- Rogers, £1 1-r- Messrs T. Dowling,- M. Jfew ton, and J. S. Ditty, £l-ls each. A vote of thanks, to the chair, moved by Father Rogers, seconded by Mr John Nhonan, and carried with acclamation. Brought the meet ing to a close. An allotment of 2ff> acres-at Fitfield is, made available for selection iu another column, aud all- applications lodged with Mr Nozum, the local land officer, on ‘or before the 2S'h of- this month, will be coc~ aidered to have been-simnltanenusly made. Avery saoees-ful anniversary in connec tion with the Garibaldi Wesleyan Sunday school was (says a correspondent) commenced on Sunday last; when three sermons were preached—in the morning- hy Mr J. vVil- Hams, and in the- afternoon the Rev. \V. R Cunningham conducted a fllnver service The s-ime gentleman officiated in the even ing. On Monday a tea and public meeting was held, when about 710 sat down to an e £, collect repast, catereil for by Mr Kliue of Sturt street, Ballarat, and attended to bv the young ladies ofthe Sunday school. The singing of the .choir was really excellent, and was ably assisted by Mr Chalmers, of the Geelong r-ad, Ballarat. At the public meeting very impressive addresses were de livered by Rev. W. R. Cunningham and Mr Blewet, the chair being occupied bv Mr Hitchcock, of G-eoville. Mr Chalmers rendered two solos that were greatly ap preciated. A raid was made by the polic e on S dur day night on a Chinese gambling house at N.irrabri, NS. W. They found about 36. Chinese present, and secured 28'Cliinese and one.white man. On the table in one of the rooms gambling implements were found together with money, which amounted to over'£loo. The prisoners were marched handcuffed, and attached to a long rope into the lockup. Ah Gut was afterwards arrested and charged with being the k-eper of the gaming house. At the police court on Mon day. he and Ah Pee (the banker), were each fined £3O and costs; and 27' others were fined £l, and costs 4s 10d, The money found was confiscated, and the gambling implements were ordered to be destroyed. Mervin Benbnw, a locomotive fireman em ployed in the Railway Department, met with a terrible accident at the Flinders street railway station on Monday night, which re sulted in his death some hours later iu the Melbourne Hospital. : Arrangements were on Monday made by the Public Works Department for sending 100 of the “ nnemp'oy-d” to Warrsoknabeal and 100 to Donald on Tuesday for the pur pose of commencing the railway works. Officers of Hie Mining Department also selected 100 men, who are ,to be engaged in thinning op-rations in the Gunbower and Barmah State forests. The Railway Com missioners cannot employ any more men iu connection with the removal of the portion of Batman’s Hill still standing near the Spencer street railway offices. When the work was started last week 85 men were engaged, all of whom continue at the work except six who gave it up. It is intended to employ 50 men from Thursday next, and 25- on the following Monday, at stonebreaking at Spencer street. The Minister nf Railways has learned (say« the Argus ) that there is a larg’, number of unemployed already at Warracknabeal and Donald, and wishes it to be understood that it is nnt intended to give employment to local men, the great object of the Government in initiating these public works being to clear Melbourne of the “ unemployed." Tims. Smith Richardson, trading at the Sydney D-posit Bank, which recently sus pended payment, was arrested on Monday on a cbaige of making false entries in the bonks of the company with regard to its affaire. An inqu-st was held at the Alfred Hos pital on Monday upon the body of Alexan dria Watn, a widow, who died in the in stitution from the 'ff'Ols of a draught of acetic acid. James Shaw said that de ceased occupied apartments in his house. On the night nf the 26-h hist, deceased ap peared to be queer in her manner, and he assisted her upstairs. When lie was about to leave : the room she took a cup from the washatand, and drank the cmitents, after wards falling to the ground and screaming with agony. Deceased was of drunken habits, and was drunk when she took the acid. She was supported by the Ladies’ Charitable Society. The Queensland Cabinet on Saturday con sidered the question nf the continuance of the constrnctioD of State railways. It was agreed that if necessary the Government would entertain proposals fnr railway con struction on the land grant principle. The Government has telegraphed to the Agent- General informing him that immigration must at once be suspended, except as to the completion of existing contracts. The Cabinet also resolved to have no military en campment this year, owing to the necessity for the strictest economy. The Hon.’James Campbell having received a requisition signed by 206 electors of Beualla and Yarrawonga, has promised to contest the seat at the general election against all comers, • Captain Gordon Wilson, of the Guards, who recently married the sister of Lord Churchill, will (says Table Talk), bring his bride nnt to Victoria in a short time to spend some months in seeing the chief points of interest and beauty in the Australian colonies. A son of Mr William Forrest, Springton, S.A., was severely bitten by a snake on Monday. The boy put his hand into a rabbit’s warren, and when he drew it out a large black snake was fastened to the thumb. His father shot the reptile while hanging from the lad’s finges, and then with a sharp knife severed the thumb at the second joint. Under the care of n medical man the sufferer is progressing favorably. According to returns compiled ’by the Board of Public Health, the number of typhoid fever cases reported for the whole coinng during the week ending the 27th iost. was 141, including 15 fatal cases. For the corresponding period of last year 133 cases were reported, 11 being fatal. The steamer Oroya took away 7300 cases of fruit from Hobart on Monday the other space being allotted between Melbonrue and Adelaide, Thos. Shelley, the young man who last week escaped from Wagga gaol, aud was captured after a sensational clmso, com mitted suicide on Monday by drinking s quantity of diluted carbolic ncid, used for disinfecting purposes. Medical aid proved unavailing, and Shelley died in great agony. Mr C. E. Jones has (says the Bendigo Advertiser) announced himself as a candi dite for East Bourke Boroughs r.t th« next general elections. 