British and Foreign. One person in every nine is left-handed. Telegraph operators at Iowa, U.S., strike. The Duke of Sutherland is dead. Aged 64\. & Only one person in a thousand dies of old age. The cemeteries of London cover 2,000 acres. _ The savings hank was invented by a clergy man. Tea advanced per lb all round at Foo- chow. Labor riot at St. Thomas. Danish West Indies. In Mexican theatres they pay for each act separately.. %y hat will Lord Rosebery do about Uganda and tfie misslonariest IMloatb eneral opinion at home, the Australian wineneedsage. ytr Cleveland, U.S., advocates a bi metallic currency. Mr Deacon, who shot M. Abeille at Nice, has been reprieved. . Kaiser Willielm sends L500 for the sick poor at Hamburgh. % Prince Victor, head of the Bonapartists, demands a plebiscite, - Irish cricket team defeats the New York eleven by four wickets. Madame Melba engaged for the autumn season at Covent Garden. „ Imperial Government declines to give India the gold standard. . t a Kansas1 wheat crop this year Is estimated at 80,000,000 bushels. In Southern Europe 38,000 oranges have been picked from one tree. British warship ordered to Vladivostock to inquire about those sealers, Canadian Congress of Trades Unions pro tests against Chinese immigration. Peter Kennedy, a New York laborer, died from the effects of a mosquito bite. The Dublin corporation will not "officially" welcome the new Lord Lieutenant. Crew of the Bayard lying at Queenstown, for Hamburg, mutiny. WonTt sail. Count Willeriburg, Bavarian, shuts uphis bathroom, turns on the gas and shoots him self. Blame laid on Cupid, of course. Mr Johnson, Iowa, beats the cyclist mile record. Does one mile in 2min 4sec. Military revolt at Buenos Ayres. Thirty officers arrested. The old game again. General Lockhart to march into the Black mountains. Hashim Ali won't give in, Overhead electric railway for freight car- riage at the Liverpool Docks. Six miles. Chance of the Black Mountain trouble in the North Pun jaub being settled quietly. Strike of the English cotton mills opera tives. Reduction of wages question again. The Indian Budget this year shows a defi ciency. Military reductions strongly advo cated. Some say that light-haired people tie longer lived than their brethren with locks. Census statistics show that there are ahrmt 4,000,000 zed-headed people in the United States. - Russia seizing more sealers in the fiehrimr Sea. The seized ships taken to Vladivo stock. Mr Sagei-a South Australian vigneron now enquiring in Bordeaux on the subject of claret. quantity of wheat afloat for thb Kingdom last week. 1,656,000 Irish evicted tenants to be reinstated under the operations of the Irish Land PuT chase Act. Two British Brigades sent to Darga, south A lady falls from a bridge at Takm.. W caught by the foot and saved byvJ1 1 clergyman. Itujf 1 \- ?2l02? going to torn or, ... I m the Pamirs next spring. Only I winter quarters. wwlt«a to I Rumored that Mr Gladstone will I I Mrs Victoria Woodhull, of female , v 1 renown, is a candidate for the PreR I the United States. "»««« General Lock hart's men in the t>i I Mountain expedition are armed witw 1 Lee-Mitfocd rifle. Uh I The cholera is abating in Holland and 1U I gium, but raging in Warsaw. V0 fTT 1 cases in New York. tresh I The town of Delmar, Delaware, has W I destroyed by fire, and 400 people have k? I rendered homeless. I British Government will share win, 1 Canada cost of fortifications on the Pa;b I coast of the Dominion. I George Henry Carr, aged 10, of Kottin I dale was teasing horeeB in a field, wheTF 1 was kicked to death. 1 The Congress of the Associated Chamber, I of Commerce in London " resolute" in fav I of ocean penny postage. 01 I Leading financiers in London reported la I be unfavorable to the floating of any mow I colonial loans at present. I Reported that Colonel Yanoff— must h&ve; I been promoted lately—has received rein I foreetaehts in the Pamir. ' I Monster Labor demonstration at Liver I pool on Saturday. Endorses the viewBof I Glasgow Trades Congress. I The rumor of the appointment of the I Duke of Connaught as Commander-in-Chief I in India is officially denied. I Butterflies to the number of 150,000 will I be shown in the Pennsylvania exhibit at tk World's Fair at Chicago. 6 The Park will case in London exciting great interest. Pretty governess, a girt testator, undue influence, etc. The " Novosti, Russian, disapproves of Lord Roberts's mission to Afghanistan. Looks like a British absorption. M. Vezin, a French engineer engaged on some railway construction in Tonqnin has been abducted by Chinese pirates. ' The agents for the Katanga Land Com. pany, Central Africa, have succeeded in thrashing the slave hunters there. Two thousand Turkish students expelled from Constantinople. Ostensibly, cholera precaution. Suspected conspiracy. Pedro, a Spanish painter in Paris, kills his wife and her mother, and severely Wounds his brother-in-law. Jealousy. The Viceroy at Canton reports the eiecn- I tion of 100 criminals within the last year charged with piracy on the Canton coast. A farther discovery of coal, expected to afford a yield of 860,000,000 tons has been made near Ashton- under-Lyne, England. The wife of a Professor in Finland poisons her husband. Sentenced to manucisiion, beheading and cremation. Appeals to the Czar. J Discontent in Calcutta over the refusal of I the Imperial Government to give the gold I standard. Talk about endangering Britiii I rule. " I Captain Andrews crosses the Atlantic from I New Jersey, U.S. to Lisbon, in a boat lift I long. . Two months' voyage. About 4500 I miles I Lord and Lady Rookwood have presented I a line specimen of the " Tinegar" Bible, I dated 1717, to Hatfield Broad Oak Church, I Essex. I The death is announced from Paris of H. I Lamache, one of the surviving founders of | the great charitable association of St. Vincent 1 de Paul. Russian papers say it would be a motive for war between Russia and England vers the latter to exclude the former from access to the Indian Ocean. R. H. Carlisle, a Liverpool bicyclist, his broken the cycling record by completlsg the distance between London and Edinburgh h 32 hours 65 minutes. , I A " model of the figure of Lot's wife I salt 11 will appear in the Kansas exhibit si 1 tiie W orld's Fair, to represent or illustrate j the salt industry of the States. j There is a surface of 5000 acres in Silesia I Prussia, which is usually dry, but which j every 30 years fills with water in some un I known way and becomes a lake. In India, from Slst March. 1S91, to the same date in 1862, 678 miles of new rail«y lines were opened, making a total length j now open in India of 17,564 miles. Cinquevalll, the juggler, is showing & new feat at the Empire, London. He a penny on the back of his heel, and kicks it up on to his eyelid, where it rests like » eyeglass ' The value of oak is now very great, not withstanding the quantity of imitate® : ancient furniture that is made. Atarecen sale of oak trees in Burghley Park asmg. j tree realised L81, and many others nearly® ; large sums. There were 40,692 visitors at the Crysftj j "Palace on the August Bank Holiday, w® London empties itself into places of w®®? meat. The Wild West Show had 80|Wj» j Venice in London 30,000 and the Agricu tural Hall 21,674. Spain was the first of the European to found colonies and make conquests America, and from the beginning of the tefentb to that of the nineteenth ceDwj possessed a great part of that eontiu , both in the Northern and Southern Spheres, now occupied by independent rep bos, b'ted It is said that gas light wasfirst . j as a curiosity at the BoyletonM j Boston, in lSLfi. In 1839 there j lamps in the team, and in 1880 it « js j gas and 2276 oil lamps. Electric li£ I now taking the place of g8 1 locditia in the city. Boston is noff 1 bv 1447 electric lights, 8907 gas, and j other descriptions. 9 