ilincrica. l^fAURTAOE ON TIIK-^BrAIN'. . K MAN WITH SIX WIVES. . The San Frnnoi.seo jmpor.s hnvo boon giv ing sumo. attention to. tho enso 'f .n'roiiinniio; udvonturor naniod ^[adiHoni^. .His lutost vic^. Mni,,.Mr8. Luoinda pa\vo.s, a. ros])octal)lo widowr of :Elriiirn', loarnod' that her husbarid | had rc(!ontly innrriod anothor widow; ut St.: Louis, and- rohbod and ^dosorlod hor ; at Clovoland whilo on hor wodding trip. Soon i aftor ho'appoarod at:Ehnira;; :3Io straight- ! way won tho -otJior widbw's/hparfc.and slio , marriod.him two days lntor. At luH'nistnnco sho thon sold h'or'nffcots and gavo liim tho inonov, as thoy wore ahout to start for Sari;] Miguol, California, whoro, ho said, he.owncd a lino fruit farm. Madison wont out to buy tickets and novor camo back.; ^ MrB.'J)awes; loarnod that ^radison had boon in California under tho uaino of Anderson, riud; that fho had desortod a young wife thoro lifter rob bing hor, besides swindling -othors ; out of £1000. Ho wont to Gormauy,} found his* wife's mother, who lives, thoro, -niid was about to irot hold of hor monoy when sho rocojvod a warning thronglr a' lottor from hor daughter. Thon ho appeared iu Chicago, mot anothor confiding woman, and' niavriod. her undor tho protoneoof owning^ 1 200 noros of land in Michigan. Sho farod :tho fate of hor prodecossors. Sinco lus original marri ng© in San Miguel, and between ' that and his 'marrrago to Mrs. Dawes, Andorcon married a Danish immigrant girl .iit LGlioro koo, Iowa. Ho went witli her to Oiuaha, whoro ho robbed her of hor morioy, and do sorted her. Ho wont east, and at Hobokou met anothor young Danisli woman. Learning that sho had considerable, monoy liomnrriod hor. Ho was living with ! hor in Boston whilo ho- was corresponding with ; Mrs. Dawos. Whilo ho was in correspondence with Mrs. Dawos ho mnrriod a widow who lived iu Kansas City, got 2C0 dollars of her mouoy and disappoarod, and also mnrriod a woman in Galena, 13., who was treated in liko manner. His sixth victim was Mrs. Dawes. Tho St. Louis widow seomstohnvo boon tho only one of Anderson's dupes who set to work to huut tho follow down. Sho put detectives on his track, and hei. was found in Albany in a fair way to socuro his so.vonth victim iri that city in the porson of a well-to-do widow, IIo was arrosted and placed in gaol in Cleveland. Fivo of his wives signified their intention to .appear against him wlion ho, conies to trial. His original and only legal wifo obtained a divorce from him two years ago. 