COMMERCIAL. Saturday Afternoon. bomo exceedingly oaustio and not unoallod for commonts havo beon made of lato on tho appointment and paymont of liquidators in some of tho companies now in process of winding up. Tho selection in several inst&noes; is apparontly rightly challenged, because they are said to represent interests immxoal to tho large body of creditors, whilst in some eases it is asserted that tho ofllos has been eonforrod on parties having little business experience, simply to placate individuals or oomponsato them for losses at the expense of tho estate. How far these charges nro absolutely true would bo diffioult to determine, but it ia impossible to ignore tho faot that there is a strong and growing feeling that judicious selections in some instances have not boon made, though they havo been endorsed by meetings of shareholders. As a faot, the troubles of the latter have in mauy instances prevented thoir giving an independent opiniou, and hcuco they havo accoptod tho pro posals put before them without much considera tion, hoping that by quiet acquiescence some thing may bo saved out of the wrook. It might, however, be pointed out that tho practico of allowing debtors to wind up their own estates is one hardly likoly to suggest itself favorably to business men, more especially if it can be shown that tlio difficulties causing suspension hare been due to went of good management in the pest, whilst there are various other considerations that need hardly bo particularised which will suggest that the practice referred to in many instances may be prejudicial to the interests of creditors. It may be freely admitted that exceptions may bo taken to this general rule, aud that it is advisable to have some person having an inti mate knowledge of tho .business done associated In tho liquidation. What the commercial com munity appear toobjeot to is tho preponderanco of the interests of the debtors in the winding up. A liquidator onoe appointed by a resolution of shareholders can only bo removed under extra ordinary conditions, and bcnco the necessity for special core in the selection. Thie will bo readily admitted, aud at tbo present juncture it be comes all the moro necessary whon, if rumor is correct, the Amending Companies Statute is to contain a provision giving powers to liquida tors to aooept compromises and compositions for liabilities, and hence tho greater necessity to pre vent such powers being used to the detriment of the goner&l; body of creditors. The question as to how far tho Trust system which has assumed such proportions in the United States interferes with tho policy of pro tection is boing discussed at this juncture with great earnestness. On one side it is contended that trusts are the creation of protection, whilst on tho other side it is assertod that they have been inaugurated by the Eastern Stato free traders, with tho special object of destroying tho advantages which protection confers on tbo homo produoer. Tho late Mr. Thorold Rogers, on eminent free-trade supporter, is quoted as an authority on the working of trusts, which certainly supports the protootionist view. He says : — But tho power of rcgulAting prices pOEsessed by pro ducers is very uarroor. It is always oia to competition on the part of those who have not taken part in the ubso- cfntion, who would ussitredly, if tho prospects were open to them, make n rash for the extra prolits which such an nsaoclntloD ia intended to guarantee. And it this takes place, und a fresh supply Is added to that which the pro moters of the scheme allege is already oxccssivc, tho expedient becomes nucAtory and tho latter oud is worao than the beginning. 1 have never yet heard, in modern times at least, of one man or utiy association of men beinu nblo to dictate tbo terms underwhicha freo industry shall be carried on, aud it price secured to the regulated produce. Of course, if the State confers a monopoly by patent the price can bo secured to tbc patentee, being that at which he is able to undersell successfully ail prouueers under a common and old process. But tlio monopoly afforded by protection dors not effect au exalted profit. As long as the Govern ment does not go to tho length of protecting individual producers and allows the area which it fences for the in dustry to be open to all the inevitable teudency of pro/lc to au equality is sure to do its work. I vcrv much doubt whether tho profits obtained by tho New England cotton spinners and woollen weavers and the reputed vaios of tho I'ennsylvauia ironmasters are duo to tho uid which tho Government giveathem by a protective tariff. The popu lation of tho United States iucrcaiea at an enormous rate, mniuly by immigration. There is consequently nu ever increasing body of local consumers, whom tho cost i of freight and the hublt of the market biud to iho domestic producer. And if there be auy truth iu tho complaints about the cotton and woolisu trades domestic competition has reduced profits iu Now England as fully as in tho old country. Protection, it seems, though asserted to in crease the cost to tho consumer, does not create the monoxioly wkioh trusts do, and honco ovon from a free-trade standpoint are more injurious to tho community. With regard to the London tallow market, our advices of the 25th March report as fol lows Thoro has been a fair inouiry, nnd tho market has, upon the whole, malntalusd a rather firm appearance. English tallow, both town and country incited, has beeu In limited request at 24s. to 24s. 6<L, accordiog to quality. Conti nental markets are quiet. Advices froui New York report some improvement iu values. The arrivals in the interval of 10th March and 17th March were 191 casks— viz., 937 casks froiu Australia, 34 from New Zealand, nnd 20 front North America. Town: Tho supply has been moderate, but, nppurcntlj, quite equal to the demand, uud current quotations are without alteration. Talimv 27s. 9d., or 25s. 3d., not; fat, 9£d. per atouo of 8 tk. A rather firm tonu prevailod on the day of the last auction, with a good demand for . -most of the tallow brought forward, and the prices realised were in some instances slightly above those of the previous rale. 552 casks Australasian were submitted, and 403 cuskssoUl, the portion bought in being mostly edible sorts. There was a fair competition, and some advance in price— chiefly In beef. There was uo very fine mut'.oo : very good quality realised 26s. 6d. to 26s. 9d. ; low to dull sorts, 23s. 6d. U> 24s. 9d. Ordinary to good beef brought 25s. 3d. to 25s. 9d.: lower sorts, 24a 6(L to 25s.; edible qualities wore sold at 26s. to 26s. 6d. Mixed tallow of ordinary character was sold at 24s. 6iL to25n. 3d.: inferior at 21s. 6(1. to 23s. iv.-rcwt. English: 12 tons of fair town melted were bought In at a nomiual valuation at 24b, 6d. net, casks oxtra. The week closes quietly in busihean circlos, but it is expected Hint tho coming months will be marked by sorao improvement, though wo do not look for any Hpccial activity at this timo of the year. The weather reports from the country avo satisfactory, and all apprehensions of a dry season rcliercti Our wheat market is firm, and but little disposition is shown to purchase In excess of immediate wants. Speculative holders, however, continue thoir policy of abstaining from making sales in the hope that larger profits may be ensured. In our remarks this morning reference was made to tlie results of similar tactics in provlou years, nnd it canuot bo forgotten that when at an earlier date some South Australian firms attempted to control wheat matters in Victoria the outcome was hardly of that satisfac tory financial character to warrant a repetition of tho experiment. Quotations to-day range from 4s. to 4s. lid. for medium milling to prime, but Iho business reported is limited. Flour continues quiet, small lots of stone made placed at £8 16s. to £9, whilst roller dressed is quoted from £9 to £10. We have a week's later advices from New Zealand, Dunedin reports of the 21st Aptil say : — The weather lately has not been at nil favorable for thr&fshiug; operations, and consequently arrivuis continue to come to nond butBlowly. Wheat.— We have very little further to say regarding this cereal uiuco hist reporting, save that, if anything, the inurkee is weaker. Speculators canuot bo found nt prcreut prices, which ia hardly to be wondered at when thestataof the London market is taken into considera tion: while millers soem indifferent about buying, now they have a fair supply on hand, unless at a reduction even on our last quotations. We quote : Prime velvet and Tuscan (somewhat scarcol, 3s. 1ld, to 4s. Id; medium, 3s. 6d. lo 3s. 9<t.; fowls' feed (in full supply), 2s. to 2s. Qd. (usual terniR). Oats.— Arrivals nro certainly assuming larger dimen sions, but there is not the quantity coming forward that was expected. The demand keeps fairly good, but at prices somewhat below our last quotations, whilo the business doing Is not really large, consisting mostly of small conmgnwiimts of from ono to three or four truck. If arrivals Incrraau very mnnh it is not unlikely prices may enae a little yet; while if reports that the yield ia failing considerably short of farmers' estimates are true, price may teud to harden at au enrly date. Wo quote prime milling, Is. fid. to Is. Gd.: bright heavy feed, la. ml to Is. 5Jd.; medium, Is. 4d. to lo. 4jd.; Inferior, Is. Id. to Is. 3d.; Hacks, Cd. net. demand keeps good, and all lines nro rraaliy placed at quotations but buyers nro content to mhs a line sooner than mlvanco in price. We quoto primo Lakes grown up to Zs. 6ii: good Round, 3c. to 3a. 3d.; ordinary, 2a. 9d. to 3a; milling aud feed, 2s. 4d. to £. 6<L In feed grains oa fat have a Utile business. Algerian and Danish placed at la. 9d. to Is. Ud. for fccdloU ; stout up to 2m. 2d., and food, Algerian, at 2e. Malt- lug barley is firm nt 4s. for prime. Seed, Capo, solcl at 2s. 9Jd. Tho prico of in&fcu; is governed by quality. Bran Bold at lid. In bagging, 15 bales of bran bags quitted at 4s. 4|d. With regard to hops, London market advices of tlio 25th March arc to tho following effect :— With a steady demand for consumption, tho pricesof new hops remain unaltered; and although stocks haro become very much attenuated, no advance cau be ob tained for any sort Of quality. Old oldnarestilt selling,- but at remarkably low figures, rnnbHug eonnutiicra to insure themselves against the vicissitude of the coming crop at n very low premium. Markets on the Continent vary somewhat, but are mostly a few chillings dearer. American advicM still speak of a hand to mouth trade, with rather weaker price. Mcw-rs. Bakers. Whilo and Moroana quotations are as follow :-Erat Kent Loidinga ns. , £9; Mid-Kent Geldings, £5. £7, £3 lCs,; Ueaidof Rents, £5, £o 10a, £3; Siu»sex,£5,£6, £7; rarniiaiiiR and Country Farnhatus. £5 5s., £6. £7; m-/Crrlei7,£f£6',£7; fcjjwmne. £6. £7 10s.; Bnrgun- ?- vfSh£?: £5 5s.. £6 lO.v, Californians, £5 6s., £6 10s.; yearlings, £4 10a., £6 per owt. lH,Pr'LJ rouflcota aro without any material alteration; £00 half- cliesU of tea, heavy woights. sold at ICkl. In thnbor,v;o noto 35,000 feet of Oregon sold at £4 10s., and holdora now ask £4 16s. TUo revenue collected at tho Custom Uouso this day ainouutcd to £2050 9s.; wliarfaRo, £163 Is. ft).: conthwent. £33 1.4,. ; pilolngo. £191 6s. 7d. „ i ,'15 following aro tho mill prices for the week:— Holler Hour, £10 1 ton; stono flour, £9 Es.j bran, lid. to llid. per busliol ; pollard, lid. do.: sharps, la. 6(1. do. » f 