QI^RRPNTJCABWS.! . 2 [From our Exchanges.] GREAT BRITAIN The suspension of Messrs. Bolckow, Vaughan and Co. Limited, a well-known firm of ironmasters, which was recently announced, is attributed to losses caused by the strike of Durham miners. Several of the English newspapers, alluding to the tour of Lord Sheffield's cricket team to Australia, remark that the visit of the Englishmen has served to revive the Australian affection for cricket. It is rumoured that the police authorities here identify " Jnck-tho-Ripper" with a Belgian convict now undergoing a long sentence of imprisonment in Portland gaol for extorting money from women by threats. The engineers in South Wales and Monmouth have been notified that the rate of wages is to be reduced. The men have resolved not accept the reduction, and have given notice to the employers that they will immediately go on strike if any attempt to enforce it be made. If the strike of engineers should take place it will involve 70,000 miners. A cable message has been published in the London newspapers stating that the Victorian Associated Banks have authorised an announcement to be made in Melbourne that they have mutually agreed to extend their joint support _ to any of their number requiring it. The fact that such a precautionary measure should have been deemed ucces sary has produced a feeling of uneasi- ness in financial circles here Mr. Bailey, of Adelaide, Sir William Jervois and Messrs. Alexander Leonard and Harrold, the members of the committee appointed to arrange with English financiers for a loan sufficient to meet the requirements of the Adelaide Outer Harbour, are now in negotiation with a well-known firm. It is hoped the scheme may be successfully floated The World states that Her Majesty the Queen is anxious that Prince George, the oldest surviving son of the Prince of Wales, shall marry his cousin, Princess Mary Alice of Hesse. The butter market is being swamped with importations of Danish and Normandy butter. Much of it is of inferior quality. The finest factory butter from Australia is selling at 120s. per cwt.; butter of second quality at 90s. per cwt. In the House of Commons a motion has been submitted designed so as to render the sale of land to the tenants in Ireland compulsory under certain circumstances. The motion was negatived. The coal owners in Derbyshire have agreed to the scheme limiting the number of working days in the coal mines to five per week, so as to restrict the output. The continued migration of large ยก numbers of _ persecuted Jews from Russia is again exciting the apprehension that hordes of these people who are forcibly prevented from crossing the frontier into Germany may seek to settle in England. It has transpired that with the view of preventing any such influx communications have been sent to the British consuls throughout Russia directing them to warn all intending Jewish immigrants that they will not be welcome in England, and to advise them to settle elsewhere. Mr. J. W. Lowther, Parliamentary Under Secretary to the Foreign Office, has proposed to the Government that other steps should be taken to expressly restrict the immigration of paupers. ; : 1 The governors of the Bank of England are highly gratified at the amende memorable? made by Sir Thomas McIlwraith, Treasurer for Queensland, in connection with the little trouble that recently arose between the colony and the bank. The explanation offered by Sir Thomas has given great satisfaction in city circles. \- Mr. Johnston, a well-known Tasmanian, has written a very able article in the current number of the Nineteenth Century, replying to the strictures on colonial government and finance which have recently appeared in English magazines from the pen of Mr. Fortescue. 