LONDON AND SYDNEY, DAY BY DAY. Her Majesty the Queen has telegraphed to Hallam Tennyson the following message.— ' l am most truly and deeply grieved that a great poet and kind friend has left the world. He was ever so kind to me, and so full of sympathy. I feel so deeply for your dear mother.' The funeral of the late Lord Tennyson took place on the 12th, the remains being interred in Westminster Abbey, alongside the grave of Robert Browning. Tbe pall-bearers were the Marquis of Salisbury (ex-Premier), Mr. W. E. H. Lecky (the historian), Lord Selborne, Sir James Paget (the Queen's Sergeant-Surgeon), tbe Earl of Rosebery (Secretary for Foreign Affairs), Professor J. A. Froude, Lord Kelvin (Sir William Thomson), the Rev. Professor Benjamin Jowett, D.D. (Master of Balliol College, Oxford}, and the Rev. Dr. H. M. Butler (Master of Trinity College, Cambridge). Mr. Gladstone declined to be present on tbe ground of his age. The survivors of the charge of the Light Brigade also attended. Colonel Lockhart having failed to induce the Black Mountain tribes to fulfil their engagement to surrender Hoshim Ali, the ex-chief of the Hassanzais, or to expel him from their country a flying column of about 4000 troops ia now operating in that region to oust Hashim. The Indian forces have just captured an important stronghold and it is believed that the campaign is at an end. General Crespo, commandant of the in- surrectionary party in Venezuela, has inflicted another defeat upon the Government forces at a place near Valencia. The State Ministers fell into the hands of the insurgents, and 600 of the Government troops were killed. General Crespo has been proclaimed as Provisional President. He has arrived at Caracas, the capital, where a public welcome was accorded to him, and he immediately suppressed the pillaging of the city which had been begun by the mob upon the fall of the temporary Government. General Crespo, the insurgent leader in Venezuela, has occupied Caracas, the capital. The President and his Ministry have abandoned Venezuela. A house tenanted by 40 free labourers at Carnegie's Homestead Ironworks, Pittsburg, has been destroyed by dynamite. None of the occupants was in the building at the time of the outrage. Captain Lugard, leader of the Imperial British East Africa Company's expedition in Uganda, considers that commercial, political, and philanthropic interests require the re- tention of Uganda. Its evacuation would increase slavery, and result in anarchy and the massacre of Protestant natives. The retention of the country would, in his opinion, be neither difficult nor expensive. Particulars are to hand of a great victory gained by the French troops over the Dahomans, in which 2000 of the latter were killed. The King of the Dahomey commanded 10,000 warriors, and the fighting was very fierce. The Amazons, who took a prominent part in the fight, exhibited great daring, and penetrated to to within 10 paces of the French guns, many of their number being killed. After having been oompletely routed, the King's army fled northwards, leaving quanti ties of ammunition of German manufacture. The French are now marching upon Abomey, the capital. Later intelligence in regard to the insurrec tion in Venezuela is to the effect that the mob is sacking Caracas and La Guayra. Sailors have been landed at La Guayra from Foreign vessels in the harbour to protect the residents. Creditors of the New Oriental Bank will be paid a dividend of about 4s in tbe £ about the middle of January. Tbe Dowager Duchess of Sutherland has been refused admission to Tittensor Chase, one of the family residences, by order of the new Duke of Sutherland, her stepson. It is contended by tbe Dowager Duchess that it was the last wish of the late Duke that she should make that place her permanent abode. Legal proceedings are expected. The skeletons of five human beings have been found in a cellar in Whitechapel, London. The death is announced of the Very Rev. Edward Bickersteth, D. D., Dean of Liehfield, He was tbe author of a number of ecclesiastical publications. Refering to the balance sheet of the Mercan- tile Bank of Australia Mr. Stewart considers that the grouping of bills receivable with other advances is misleading. Tbe total owed to unsecured creditors in London is £1, 036, 000, of which £998 000 consists of deposits. During the month of September the imports into Great Britain decreased £2, 600, 000, and tho exports decreased £l, 700, 000. Professor Pickering, of Harvard, the Ameri can astronomer, asserts that he has discovered 40 small lakes in the planet Mars. In an address delivered before the Church Congress at Folkestone. Dr. Moorbonso, formerly Bishop of Melbourne, implied that the proportion of criminal convictions in Victoria was increasing owing to the want of religious education in the schools. Secular education, be said, had proved powerless to diminish the number of crimes, for the most serious crimes were committed by the best educated criminals. He prayed that the rulers of the colony would turn their backs upon the desolating secular system which left so many moral wrecks in its train. It is alleged that £l 400 of the funds of the English Seamen's and Firemen's Union has been embezzled, and that at the head office £11, 000 has been spent in salaries, while only £2000 has been devoted to the relief of ship wrecked members and the payment of sick ness and death claims. It is reported that the Marquis of Ripon has informed the Anti-Slavery Society's de putation, which protested against the kauaka labour immigration into Queensland, that in his opinion the safeguards provided by the Queensland Government are sufficient to prevent abuses. It is expected that Mr. Algernon Charles Swinburne will be the next poet Laureate. There is a growing agitation in France against the protective tariff, especially as it affects wool. Despite recent legislation permitting such marriages, the Bishop of Capetown has for- bidden the clergy of his diocese to celebrate marriage with a deseased wife's sister. Afzul has seized the throne of his late father, the Mehtar of Chitral, ruler of a native Indian State on the northwestern frontier, almost at the base of the Pamir Plateau. Afzul declares himself a friend of England. Consequent on the unfavourable reports of the harvest the price of English wheat is 1s dearer per quarter, and foreign wheat is 6d dearer. A duke, who is a member of the National Sporting Club of England, has offered a purse of £3000 for a match between Jackson and Corbett. The Rev. Thomas Spurgeon has preached his farewell sermon at the Metropolitan Tabernacle. There was an affecting scene, many of the congregation crying out "God bless you!" and "Return again." In London companies are being formed to introduce into Victoria, South Australia, and New Zealand, the Danish milling machine of Neen's patent. Sir Henry Agle, has been appointed com mander of H. M. S. Rapid, one of the vessels on the Australian station. The Financial News, commenting on the recent Judgment of the Full Court in Bris- bane on the Queensland Investment and Land Mortgage Company's case, states that the decision of the court is very welcome, as it removes a serious stigma from leading politicians of the colony It is asserted that Russia, by means of the subterfuge of a commercial treaty, is seeking privately to induce the Porte to allow the free passage through tbe Dardanelles of Russian warships flying the commercial flag, while the Straits are to be kept closed to the vessels of all other Powers. The matter has, however, come under the notice of the British Government, who demand an equivalent concession to British vessels in the event of the proposed arrangement with Russia being carried out. It is reported at Berlin that the tone adopt- ed by Lord Rosebery, Secretary of State for Foreign Affrirs, with reference to the Russian occupation of the Pamirs is so mild that the Russian Government do not believe that Great Britain has any intention of intervening in the matter. The Royal Commission recently announced has now been appointed by Mr. John Morley to report promptly as to the most effectual measures for dealing with the question of the evicted tenants in Ireland. Mr. Justice Mathew is the chairman of the commission, but the other members are little known, and tbe landlords are entirely unrepresented. Lord Onslow, the late Governor of New Zealand, has been interviewed by a represent- ative of the Pall Mall Gazette on the subject of General Booth's Salvation colony. Lord Onslow considers that New Zealand is the best country for the proposed Salvation colony, as the village settlement and homestead la w are favourable to such an undertaking. The Melbourne and Metropolitan Board of Works loan of £1,000,000 has been subscribed twice over. Information has been received that the Peninsular and Oriental Steamship Company's Bokhars, which was supposed to have found- ered during a typhoon while on the voyage from Shanghai to Hongkong, was swamped on a sand island in the Pescadores group, off the island of Formosa. The commander of the steamer and a majority of tbe officers and crew were drowned, in all 12 persons were drowned. It is reported that General Li Hung Chang, Prime Minister of tbe Chinese Empire, has become insane. A telegram from Zanzibar states that the Waheis tribe have rebelled in the district of Usugara, East Africa, aud have killed the German Governor and his officers and massacred a number of Arab traders. They threaten to attack the German trading stations. At the usual fortnightly meeting of the Irish National Federation, Mr. John Dillon, M.P. for East Mayo, referring to the evicted tenants, said the worst of the clouds bad passed, and the granting of on impartial com- mission was one of the best services that the British Government had rendered to the evicted tenant. Personally, he was convinced that the tenants had a just claim, and he was sure that they would be reinstated. The Turjestan Gazette, a Russian organ in Central Asia, states that Colonel Young- husband has surrendered territory in the Pamirs which will carry the Russian frontier 100 miles further south. The Salford Municipal Council have offered to advance £1,000,000 to the directors of the Manchester Canal Company on oondition of their being granted membership on the directorate. At a meeting of shareholders of the Gympie Great Eastern Gold Mining Company, the chairman stated that the report showed a balance of £20,000. It was suggested to purchase another mine on the advice of their local manager. The proposal was agreed to. Mrs. Harrison, wife of the President of the United States, who has been seriously ill for some time past, is reported to be dying from consumption. Mr. R. L. Stevenson, in a letter to the Times complains that M. Cedarcrantz, the Chief Justice of samoa, is interfering with the jurisdiction of the local magistrates, and he further declares that the German officials at Apia are unfit for their duties. In reply to a deputation from the Woman- hood Suffrage League, Sir George Dibha stated that personally he would not have given women a vote, but he promised to submit to the Cabinet the question of insert- ing a clause in the Electoral Bill giving women equal political rights with men. The proposed new union at Broken Hill has been abandoned, the mine directors having refused to recognise the union manifesto or those who issued it. The Attorney-General has decided that the case against Abigail, MacNamara, Salmon, and Twist in connection with alleged Australian Banking Company frauds shall be proceeded with. The case will be commenced next Mon- day at Darlinghurst. The Funded Stock Bill provides for a currency of 30 years, but after that time it will be optional with the Government to re- deem or repurchase stock, upon giving twelve month's notice. The associated coal proprietors are to con- sider the abvisableness of permitting each colliery to sell its coal at such price as it may deem fit instead of a fixed price as at present. John Scott, one of his discharged accused in connection with the Australian Banking Company, was yesterday presented with a gold watch by his employees. A splendid seam of bright black coal, 4ft, 6in. thick, has been discovered in the Korum- burrs district, Victoria. In New Zealand, the Electoral Bill has been abandoned, the two branches of the Legisla- ture having failed to agree. Two trimmers, named John Ford and Oscar Petersen, were killed on Monday night by falling down the hold of the steamer Barrier at Newcastle. The New South Wales collection of ferns for the Chicago Exhibition was landed in San Francisco in excellent condition, and attracted much attention. On Wednesday the Public Works Committee initiated an inquiry concerning the proposed water supply for Tamworth. The cost of the scheme is £22, 500. In consequence of the refusal of the manage- ment to reinstate a dismissed employee, the enginemen the West Wallsend colliery have struck work, and laid the mine idle. 