Local Option m Toowoomba, Tas poll to determine whether or not the number of hotels in the EAst Ward should be reduced to ten and whether any new licenses should be granted, embrasing resolutions II and III of the Act, was (says the Tooloowemb Chronicle) taken on Saturday, the polling place being the Immigration Dep?tMargaret-street. The presiding of?oer was his Worship the Mayor, while Messrs. Johneston and Stevens aoted as erotmneers for the pablican and temp erance interests respectively. Qte naturally greatinterest was taken to the ontest, and both sides determined towin the battle at all costs. All the availsble cabs nd buggies were pressed into the service, and ratepayere were brought to the poll with comfort and deppatch. From a very early hour-the anti-Local Optionisets began to feel oonfldehbt that' victory was on their side, and the assuransce gained m strength as the day weore on. The result of the poll was therefore a surprise to both sides. The local optionists anticipated, a emall majority, while their opponents expected a larger one. As will be een the majority against the olosing of the publio houses.was only 17, while strangely enough there was a larger majority in favour of granting new licensee. The re sult of the poll was as follown .--For the 2nd Resolution, to reduce the number of licensed houses to ten, 192; against, 209. For the 3rd Resolution. "No new licones to be granted," 173; against, 206. Thereuere 2 informal votes. It is quite evident that a great amount of confusion prevailed, an& that many of the ratepayers not only voted both ways, but that some at least most have voted in the wrong. This in shown by the feet that no less than 23 informal votes were reserded, and further by the cironumstances therewere more votes aset in the favour of granting new licenses than there were for the retention of the existing ones. The bolt lies mo doubt in that the ballot papers are not diawn out with asooieent learoess, while the sample papers, filled up, issued by both sides to the eontes, made the confusion worse. The result affords us a faint olue to the exteno of lthe blundering that maybe expeeted totalbaploe under the new Elentoral Act. Thebocial declaration of thes poll at the Town HkBl was greeted with enthtb siasm, but the promedings oldsed. as they began, and as they were condacted during the day, in a decorous manner. THERE is now in operation in Denmark a law giving every Danish subject, man and woman, the right of a pension, at sixty years of 'ae. Exception is made of persons who have been convicted, of crime; who have fraudulently made over their property to relations or others-;: who have brought. themselves to distress by extravagance ·or evil-living; who have during the pseeding ten years received relief frbmn.the' Poor Law; or who have been convi'tedt of mendicity. 