The Kanaka Labour Question. Mr. W. Kinnaird Rose, who is at present in Edinburgh, writing on 16tb March to a friend in Brisbane, discusses pretty freely the latest news to hand from Queensland. Concerning the coloured labour question he says:— I go heart and soul in for the new policy of land-grant railways (I always was a thorough believer in them) and an extension of Poly nesian labour. We cannot afford to allow Northern Queensland and great part of Central Queensland and the Wide Bay district to revert to a jungle, and six millions of capital in machinery and probably ten millions in culti vation improvements to be confiscated— destroyed, all because Lane, Hinohcliffe, and Go. (I use these names to describe a system, not in an offensive personal sense) have issued a ukase, " There shall be no more immigrants —Italian, German, Danish—nor any coloured labourers — kanakas, Javanese, Japanese, Chinese, or Hindoos." Read all history and you find that agriculture everywhere cannot bear the wages of manufacturing industry, and it is impossible (as impossible as it would bo to regulate sunrise) to create regulations by State cr trade combination which would give or afford the same rate of pay to the tillers of the soil as to the diggers for coal or gold, or the makers of clothes, or furniture, &a.; To black labour per te I never had the slightest objection in Queensland or elsewhere. On philosophic grounds I think a permanent black element or strain in the popula tion of Australia would be a crime against futurity —the parent of terrible race feuds and other dangers. Those who think otherwise should read what is going on in America about the negro, and what the best thinkers, sociologists and politicians, there are writing and dreading. But the material conquest of Australia cannot be delayed, and will not be averted (mihiri, Lane, Hinchcliffe, and Co.) by a philosophic doubt or the possible struggles of many gene rations henc«. Tlipu Ifthmirer/*. black or brown, being necessary, th«ir immigration— either by contract or by recruiting—most b& made absolutely safe from fraud and compul sion, or oruelty. Ample supervision of engage ment should secure this, if agents of character and paid a sufficient salary to resist the bus picion of corruption or favouritism be em ployed. Then there should be careful super vision of the labourers on the different planta tion districts by Government inspectors, well paid and of good character, like the " pro tectors " in the West Indies. These being secured I would cover Northern (tropical) Queensland with labourers, and in ten years you would Bee a revenue from that country twice as large as is derived now from all Queensland. Let anyone who scoffs at coloured labour and what it can do under white supervision, with the interests of the natives "protected," take a journey to Java. The run up country in Java was to me a revelation. There is not an acre without a orop or in course of preparation for one. The people happy, cheerful, ever laughing, joyous, singing, eating. Qod bless me! the little children have a string tied round their little benjies to keep them from eating too muoh. That is, there is food everywhere—(no poverty as seems to be present in Australia just now, and as, heaven knows, too prevalent to heartbreak in every town in this old country) —and the little kids would eat, and do eat, until the string becomes too tight to be com fortable. Ah, me! down in the slums where I was during the frost and the snow I could not help thinking of these happy Javanese laughing their days away and shouting at play in the rivers or lagoons, and contrasting their lot with the poor, wretched, hungry-eyed, lank limbed, starving, miserable beinga who exist under the shadow of the luxury of West Endism. The other night it was 14deg. below zero, or 4Cdeg. of frost, and that night I saw little children who sought repose on bare flags and covered by the thinnest of rags! There is nothing to me so terrible as cold, and yet I have seen urohins seemingly quite happy under bare feet and a ventilating Bhirt when I could not keep warm in furs. 