Australian Literature. A Review of the Year: ■ :V."r. ' C-;- $3 Dry '':" By I>Avii)^BiiA.iB..: ",r:\ ■; V,-/ ' The library of .Australian literature is-increasing ' J year' by year so rapidly that . already- it might -fill ~ i by, itself a whole wing of the • ifine building in | Swanston-street. But the term '-' Australian litera ture" is here used in its general,, or twofold sense, as including books written by Australians and books written,about Australia by (the word must even be used) foreigners. If restricted to its first meaning, the ; term does not include very many volumes altogether. Australian authors of native growth are. not yet at all numerous. In the beginning of a nation's formation there are, naturally, but few subjects, presented for literary treatment, and no scope for literature as an independent occupation. Hence ;the scantiness of local publications during the first half-century of our colonial history. iHp till the era of responsible government—less than forty years ago—a stray pamphlet, an almanac, even a1 political squib, issued from the Sydney Press, was a rarity. The Melbourne Press is hardly yet; thirty years old. A complete collection of all the; locallypublished books and tracts—newspapers and official documents excluded—would hardly fill an ordinary parlour-book case. Nor, truth to speak, would such t a collection be of much literary value. Scholars and philosophers, poets and novelists, historians and dramatists, are not early and spontaneous products of the great enterprise of colonisation. The first century of American history illustrates and confirms these averments quite as fully as the first century of Australian history. The second stage of national development; is marked by a rapid and luxuriant outgrowth, of literature. Universal education makes, at once, a nation of readers; and this again calls into existence a large class of writers. The whole field of intellectual: activity is, so to speak, covered in a single season. With us, here in Australia, this season is yet in its spring, and a flowery spring it is. But, as in nature so in literature, quick-springing plants are of brief existence. Jonah's gourd that sprung up in a night, also perished in a night. The cloud-piercing giant trees at Fernshawe have taken centuries to attain their full growth. Only a very small fraction of the Australian works now issuing daily from the Press are marked with the unmistakable stamp of durability ; perhaps not so much as a single one is destined to immortality. That department -which of right takes the lead in a periodical survey of national literature is History and Historical Memoirs. Contributions to these two classes are becoming frequent, and, in their way, important. Precedence must here be given to Sir Henry Pai'kes's Fifty Years in the Making of Australian History, a work that marks an epooli in both local history and literature. So large and so serious a book cannot .be dismissed in a few lines of criticism. On a future occasion we may present our .readers , with an elaborate review of it... Here the only remark falling to be made is that the fact of the work being printed and published in London in no-way detracts from its Australian character. London is the intellectual centre of the Umpire—quite as much so for Edinburgh or Dublin as for Melbourne or Sydney. And it is, after all, barely a month's travelling distant from Collins-street. The .biographies of Sir George Grey, Lord Augustus Loftus, and the forthcoming one of the late Lord Sherbrooke by Mr. Patohett Martin, may be mentioned under, this head, although these worksi have only, a partial and incidental reference to Australia. Of the first of these biographies ft , may be remarked that its subject suitors from the defect of being painted in rather too bright colours by the editors, Mr. and. Mrs. Jlees. Akin to this department is that of. local cyolopicdies and biographical dictionaries., In this class two works have been issued during the twelvemonth, The Dictionary of Australasian liiography, by Philip Monnell, and The Australian EncycloposAia, by George Collins Levey, O.M.G. Of these the first is a really meritorious work, filling a blank, and exhibiting muah careful industry in the compilation. Within the compass of 542 pages about 2000 brief biographies are given, ranging, from Governors down to Maori chiefs. The work is the real "Australian Men of the, .Time," and ought to Command a large sale. As. to tide so-called Ausiralianljiljicyclopcvdia all that can be said is that it is about as worthless and as impudent, a piece of hasty paste-and-seissors work as ever was issued from the fBtitish press. It is taken bodily—even the title is purloined from Blair's Cyclogmdia. of Australasia, and Gordon and Gotch's popular Handbook. The title itself betrays elementary ignorance of !the ^English "language,' for the term " encyclopedia" can only.'be'properly "used of a complete''dictionary cof all> human knowledge; whilst' a i dictionary limited' to a! single globe,1 or a- single 'department of science;' is strictly ra " cyclopaedia.- And;' after all-in "Mr.''George 'Levey's catchpenny • production there • • are' absolutely no subjects embraced" but a very 'bald biography', and" a very/limited topography. ■ '"Not a'line in the'volume,' Cxcept -the "misleading' title; ' is'ffrom Mfi 'Georo-d ' ■ Collins "Levey's own'pen." lib is superfluous to mention here the Handbook annually issued by 'Messrs. Gordon • and Gotch; As' reasonably might" oiie attempt'to . commend-the 'Post Office Directorij iio -pviblio attention. : It' is a volume for the " Commercial • rather' than the literary market; but" "it'ts,1 in 'its' way,'.'a: "miracle"of fulness"ofinformation, Compactness, arid-'cheapness.1 In the'department of literature "proper," the annual ' •output - (to' borrow :.'a mining '"iter'in)' is grCwing "so rapidlyi in.j'bulk' that the want1'of''a 'Ideal."critical journal' or'magazine, to:guide and direct the'reading -public5,to what-lis''best dn( the' product, 'is ''already! felt very strongly. ■ We-have our Australian novelists, dramatists, poets, winters" on 'science;1'and purveyors' of "educational ipabulum for:fthe rising generation in large 'variety;' and'not a few Of them 1 give promise of fxxtxxre high 'excellence"in"theixseveral departments: 1 Let fictidn'take the'first place, •for this once. : ;:ih /-oh;id /qObMuO j; Distinctly the most sensational book"of' fiction;of the year has been Canon Potter's" Germ' Growers. -'In all quarters-this story has been'.read,' and reviewed, at length by the newspapers;' ahdiby common consent it is pronounced to 'he an original" and 'powerful tale after' the pattern'set by' Mr;' Eider ilaggaxxl.' ' All Australian: readers ought to read1 the'good Canon's account of how evil came into, and is still'prbpagatecl in, this world of'ours;'" Of "his1 "germ'growers "'the Canon would probably say, in" the words of: St.' Paxxl; "Which things are an allegory"j 'bvit"the allegory, has its basis in the actxxrilfacts of "human life,1 "arid the implied solution of the great mystery'is1 jxist ias rational, and as probable,' as any' that" Darwinian' .science has to offer. . In the same depax-tmerit "of literatxxre high praise i is givenby the re viewers to' The' 'Kidnapped' 'Sgitatte^ i and Other Australian Tales, by Andrew .RobertsonJ Of this gentleman we are not able • to" speak' froni personal acquaintance, but we may congratulate "him •on having scox'ed a x'eal success 'as1 a'stoxy-teller His merits 1 are simplicity, ' straightforwardness; knowledge of Axxstralian life and 1 scenery,vand*the ■capability of' depicting ' cleax'ly-' what ho' '"seesMrtnd notes. These are cardinal merits' in the'"writerf of fiction.' ■ -. - - J Mrs: Cross's name is too well known to "Australia!^ x'eadex's to need any intx'oduotioni 'hereli"1I-Ier 1Throe Miss Kings oaxxght on (as the phx'ase'is)'"at'once, and, the novel that succeeded it, Not 'All' in'Vain, 'is' tq the full as pleasant reading. This lady wields'a facile pen, and her tastes are so thoroughly healthy and truly womanly that her novels, compared with such productions as those of Ouida, Rhoda Broughton, and some other lady novelists of the day, are as summer sunshine compared with the heavy and unhealthy atmosphere of an hospital ward. The literary reputation of "Rolf Boldrewood is so fully established that he is quite beyond the reach of critical appraisement in this place. The fiction? devouring public both in the old countxy and hex'e will read with' relish his tales of Australian squatters; bushrangers, and bushmen. What more needs to be said, excepting that his latest story, Nevermore, is declared by competent critics to be the best he has ever written? Mr; Fergus Hurao—who aoems in literature to have hod a enreor similar to the flight of a rookot—• | has so nearly ceased to be an Australian author t xa a mention of him will sttfHoo here. Of the graoetul lady-writer; "Tftsma," the same' averment as to " change" of locality must ho made, It cnn hardly he olaiined for a1 permanent resident in the old "country or in Belgium; that he or she still ranks on the list -of our local lightB of literatxxre. fairiv hA ^kiistmas annual, The Antipodean, may ' nublfonf 1 !u ng by far the feestand cheapest w t?V ^ has ever bee» ^ h. ... ,b :Piess- The;literary; contents (with, persterlint6 °f ai8ingle contribution) are of steihng and vaned merit, and the illustrations 'are, miinf : ?*<.<»& And.-the crowning ent oi this .publication,-is its intensely r,local character.i .It- is "truly ■»racy 'of the - soil.".'. its' circulation has been already very,large, we are glad to learn and it certainly' oxight to count by tens of ands. To,,.specify specialcontributions as superior, in,literary quality do'others i in;the voiumb would be ■ invidious * on> the-', part of -the-present "writer. ■ -y :.>.*• • - - j:.. • . t Mr. David Falk is making a reputation as an Australian .author."r'-His latest;book, BicJc, orithe Recidimsite, has won praise from there viewers' on! at least two continents; ' A story1 for boys, entitled The Dingo Boys, or the Squatter's-of Wallaby Range, by-George Manville Fenu,, appears on', thb list of "Christmas gifts issued by, the.Messrs. Chambers, of Edinburgh and London. The-volume lias -not: yet reached' the colony, but as Mr. ■ Fenn 'has • never' been;' to our knowledge,. in, Australia, we should infer' that! the story is based exclusively on second-hand materials; Of recent, books about ..the ...colonies by colonial authors, the palm must be awarded to Mr. Gilbert .Parker s Round the Compass in Australia. The main ..portions,of,this work appeared first in,the form.of • contributions to our local'newspapers,' but are only the'more valuable and readable on that account. . Joiirn'ils like the Argus,. and the Sydney Adorning Herald aid • the cause of local literature much-by obtaining such contributions from competent pens. And in this connection may bo mentioned some excellent, short stories.,that have lately appeared in the Argus, i. with .the initials "D. M."—which indicate Mi\ - Donald' Macdonald, ■ author of the charming volume entitled Gum Boughs and Wattle Blossoms. i Mr.; Philip .'.Mennell.' has . written an excellent : account!,of 'iWesterm Australia, entitled The- Coming Colony—an opportune publication', as that*'great t western territory is rapidly rising in importance as I .a (province of (the British- Empire- in the, South;- A -volume'entitled HardaLifeain- the i Colonies, by three immigrant friends, 'is'on1 the list of recent London .publications 5 as is'jalso a 'work'-'on1 Mountain.Ciinib,ing New.,Zealand.} a: narrative of a, .two , years! ,residence in New- .Guinea.; and a rather curious, book written by a Danish'immigrant; detailing his adventures in' Queensland, This kind of personal narratives 'are not; of much 1 literary account; as they do .not'interest'any, audience wider than' the'vriters and their several circles of;friends. ' .'Every nian/w.o'm'an,1 and child who' emigrates to Australia has ,his,(or her) story" to tell of chances; and changes^losses 'and'gains, ups and downs. , , ' ,r .1 ' j, ■ -j . This1 young' ■ country, has, as a matter of course;-its 1 ■'large! ohorus of' minor-minstrels; amongst whom 1 bulk's largely "the giant figure Of Sir Henry Parlces. To '''indi vidualise here may be invidious. E very •galloping rhymes'toi Tennyson's finbst workmanship.; There are poets ;andi versifiers, As Professor Tucker tells its. But it may be stated, without prejudice '(to use the legal term),' that! the volumes recently -o-iven to-the world by Mr. Essex Evans, Mr. Jv B, 5'Hara,* and Miss Jennings Carmichael' show, eaoh' of them distinct indications of the possession by the writers of a very, genuine - vein; of-: poetry. - The themes are fresh, and- local;* not "the haokneyed common-places of , the : countless' !■< small fry "of versifiers. Every lover* of poetry; may, suit liim or herself by simply going into Mullen's,;or Robertson's, or Petlieriok's, and making a selection to suit the intellectual palate; i; - •*. Soience has, likewise, its votaries here. Some very creditable contributions to this branch of knowledge may be indicated. The first is Dr. Dendy s Ldrodnetion to the Study of Botany, a readable book, whioli some books on botany certainly are noL A second is Mr. C. R. Long's Science WorhSimphfed, an excollent manual for teachers of the higher class in our State schools. . . Religious works are, naturally, not included in a summary of the year's literature. But a word of commendation may bo given to Canon Goodman s Historu of the Church 0/ lilngland in Victoria during the episcopate of Bishop Perry. Churchmen in both homiaphoros will'prize this work. , Of educational literature, all that can be said is i.Lni. fi1(i surmlv is abundant, continuous, and oi Shqualiti generally. Nobody, whether young or oici has any excuse for lgnoranoe or illiteracy in those days of luminous enlightenment, of University extension lectures, of homo reading circles, and Chatauciua open-air litorary and social picnics, Any fm&horinformation; desired respect ng the current literature of Australia may be obtained by any mmisitivr reader from the tliree vory respectable local pub 1 ishing and book-selling firms above named. 