NOTES AVD EVEN'r." The Minister of Public Works has pre pared a measure for the amendment of the Local Government Act in the direction of raising the basis of assessment from 3 per cent, to the old rate of 6 per cent. This action has been taken in response to a general request from the metropolitan municipalities. The annual municipal elections are drawing near, but as yet no one has definitely announced his intention of opposing the return of the retiring coun cillor in each of the respective ridings. Speculation has been busy with the names of. several local gentlemen as probable opponents against Mr. Forbes, amongst others Mr. T. B. Handley being mentioned as likely to come forward if sufficient en couragement be given him. We are informed, however, that although pressed from many quarters of Corangamite riding to offer himself, Mr. Handley has not yet finally decieded "whether he will or whether he won't" woo the ratepayers or not. In the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday night, Mr Shiels, in reply to Dr Moloney, said that up to date £836 6s 10d had been expended in bringing Williams al:&s; Deeming to justice. Outstanding accounts to the amount of £50 yet required to be paid. The amount of duty on stock for the eleven months ending 31st May was £64,638 The estimated stock duty for the twelve months was £58,C:3 or about £53,200 for the eleven months, thus showing an excess of .5 1,es in Oh.o Abty rcoovpd nor tho estimated duty for the eleven months. For the whole year the excess would be £10,743; and it was caused by anticipation of the increase in the duties. The half-yearly installation of officers of the Federal division of the Sons of Temperance, Colac, took place on Wed nesday evening last, when the following brethren were installed to their various offices:--Past Worthy Patriarch, Bro. F. Parkes; Worthy Patriarch, Bro. R. Morrison; Worthy Associate, Bro. R,. James; Recording Scribe, Bro. R. Spark; Financial Scribe, Bro. C. Collyer; Assistant Finaucial Scribe, Bro. R. Taylor; Treasurer, Bro. V. M. Pearson; Conductor, Bro, J. Irving; Assistant Conductor, Bro. T. Collyer; Sentinel, Bro, C, Nelson. Mr. Wragge, the Government As tronomer of Queensland, notifies that heavy weather will certainly occur over the Southern Ocean before the 22nd inst., and will cause heavy rains and gales in all the southern colonies, followed by electric disturbance, snow and hail. The storm during the next four days will affect the southern coast line of West Australia about the 15th or 16th inst., when strong winds, gales and rains from between N. and N.W., afterwards veering to S.W. and S., will be experienced. These conditions will thereafter travel in waves over Vic toria, Tasmania, and th? southern portions of New South Wales. The Minister of Education stated in Parliament on Wednesday, in reply to Mr D. M Davies, that he had already had under consideration, for the purpose of economy, the advisability of getting the duties of truant officers. There were now vacancies for three truant officers, and they would be fill1d by the appointment of police. A successful sheep dog triel was held on Wednesday, in connection with the Barrabool Hills ploughing matches. The prize money was sufficiently liberal to bring twenty of the cleverest sheep dogs in the colony into competition, and the judges had considerable difficulty in awarding the prizes. Mr. W. Grant, of Cressy, obtained first prize with his two year-old black and tan dog " Sharp," and in this decision the public were unanimous with the judges. Mr. Field, of Mirranatina, was given second prize for his black dog " Boss," who was only beaten by a single point. Mr. J. Mowatt, of Cressy, was awarded third prize for his black and tan slut " Rose." The ballot hands of the Railway Department, who intend petitioning Parliament with a view of being re instated in the service, cannot, un fortunately, hope for success, as the Acting-Commissioners have obtained the opinion of Dr Madden, who agrees with the Crown Solicitor that it would be illegal to give them leave of absence without pay when there is no work for them to do. Mr. Wheeler informed Mr. W. T. Carter in the House that the department cannot continue to pay the insurances of these men now that they are actually and legally dismised. The Colac Mutual Improvement Associ ation's weekly meeting was well attended on Tuesday evening. The President, the Rev, H. J. Cock, occupied the chair. An apology was received from the Secretary for non-attendance. After the minutes of the previous meeting had teen read and confirmed, the meeting proceeded to deal with the syllabus for next quarter, which had been drawn up at a committee meeting held on the previous Tuesday, and after a slight discussion the syllabus was agreed to, with a few alterations, the Secretary to arrange matters in connection with the debates which are on the syllabus. The subject for the evening was a debate " Should politics be introduced into the pulpit P" Mr. Northcott taking the affirmative, and Mr. Collyer the negative. The arguments advanced by either speakers in support of their side of the question were very good, and were listened to with a deal of interest. At the con clusion of the debaters' remarks. Messrs. E.ndley, Tippett, Collin wood. Roberts, Buchanan, and Selwood gave their respective opinions on the subject, and after Messrs. Collyer and Northcott bed raplied, a vote was taken with the result that 19 voted for the affirmative and 11 for the negative. A very interesting meeting then terminated. Next Tuesday Mr. Thomas B. Handley, Vice- president, will deliver an essay on " Some defects of our State School Education," and it is to be hoped there will be a large attendance, as the subject is a very interesting one. Messrs Trengrouse and Co., of London, report on April 15, that the total of Australian and New Zealand butter im ported into England during the season then closing had reached between 3C30 and 4000 tons. Mr Faber, Agricultural Commissioner in England for the Danish Government states that the import of Danish butter into England annually now amounts to 82,CJ0,C00 lbs. This at is per lb would amount to £4,100,000. In tons the annual import from Denmark alone is 36,607 tons 2 cwt. 3 qr. 12 lb, and very large quantities come from other parts of the Continent. Although the export of colonial butter to England has assumed large dimensions, the trade in Danish is much greater, due no doubt to the monopoly recently held by it, and proves conclusively that the London market will absorb all the bu;ter the col-nies can send, provided the quo lity is kept up to ia certain standard.l "':, t:oria Hall was filled on V h m s day night to witness the highly sen sational and realistic Australian drama " Ransom," by the talented and versatild Dan Barry troupe of dramutic artistes. Th'be play from the rising of the curtain to its fall on the last scene went with a free and easy swing, each character being per formed with more than the usual amount of ability for a provincial touring company. The drama was mounted with appropriate scenery and effects, and Mr Barry and his excellent company must be complimented upon scoring another victory in the splendid representation of " Ransom," and from past experience, he can always look forward to a warm welcome from a Colac audience. Nelson's band played a num her of new and popular airs outside the hall prior to the entertainment in. a creditable manner Mr. Patterson, who succeeds Mr. Heron as police magistrate for this district, will make his first appearance on the local bench to-day At the orainary meeting of the meuoers of the Loyal Colac Lodge, I.O.O.F., on ionday evening, officers for the ensuing term were elected. There was a good attendance, including representatives from Beeac and Birregurra. . Five members were initiated, and three proposed as members. The installation of the officers vas conducted by the Grand Master, Bro. I. Fulton, assisted by D.D.G.M. Bro W. fLee, P.G's., Bros 1W, Dunoon and G. Lee, he positions being allotted as follows : N.G., Bro J M'Cure 1 V.G., Bro W James; Warden, Bro W Christie; Conductor. Bro P. AT'T..nd: R1. 0 . Rrn .Ton.,I., ..O., Bro Boyd; R.S.N.G.. Bro W Lee, iL.S.N.G.. Bro J Cant; R.S.Y.G., Bro C. Wendtmann; L.S.V.G. Bro. A. McLeod; I.G. Bro J. Sell; O.G. Bro W. Clarke; Treasurer, Bro Walter Selwood; Secretary., Bro C H Johnstone After the ceremony had been concluded, light refreshments, provided by the members, were partaken of, and a programme of songs, recitations. &c.; were gone through, an enjoyable evening being spent It is the intention of the Lodge to have these social evenings monthly, as an inducement to secure the regular attendance of members It the Barrabool Hills ploughing match on Wednesday Mr J Baglin, of Geelong West, defeated Mr C Smith, of Dean's Marsh, in the championship for single furrow plonghirg. Since the publication of the statements made by Mr Godfrey, after his investi gation into the affairs of the Real Estate Bank, implicating Mr Munro, the Agent General, there has been a growing feeling that the Government should take steps to ascertain the facts for themselves.- This feeling reached a climax in the Legislative Council on Tuesday night (says the Age), and 'Mr Munro's name, coupled with the proceedings of the Real Estate Bank, was imported into the debate on the Companies Act Amendment Bill, in so pointed a manner that the question is now brought prominently forward. Mr Melville used the Agent-General's connection with the affairs of the bank to illustrate the necessity for legislation, but was met by several objections as to the unfairness of attacking an absent man on ca parts information, and also as to its irrelevancy to the question. Mr Melville wished to touch on the large question involved, not withstanding its irrelevancy, but was ruled out of order. Mr J. A. Wallace took up the case and having rapped out a few phrases on the merits of plain speaking, gave his own opinion that people were now starving through being led into these investments by SMr Munro, whom he named without hesitation. Mr Melville again returned to the subject, and described Mr Munro's departure to England as "a most successful slipping away from his political and financial responsibilities." He finally charged the Government to find out the truth of the matter, adding that if the statements were true there could be no doubt whatever as to the result. A large number of petitions are pre sented to Parliament from various parts of the colony, protesting against the im position of a tax on Colonial beer. The incident (remarks the Agej was not with out its amusing side, as some of the most rabid teetotal members were entrusted with petitions, and several veterans in thi cause of temperance were ironically cheered as they presented the protesta of a section of their constituents who favor cheap beer. The petitions are a little premature, as the Government have not yet intimated whether they intend to include in their financial scheme a duty on Colonial beer. Mr. Dadabhai Naoroji, a native of India, and a most distinguished scholar, has been returned for one of the Finsbury divisions to the British Parliament. The Indian Press is jubilant over his election. The wool scourers at Kyuna, near Winton, have struck work, refusing wages of from 30a. to 35s. a week and rations: They demand the union rates of 36s. to 45s. and rations. No difficulty will be ex pe'ienced in getting local m:n to fill the places of the sceurers. Throughout the surrounding district there are a hundred men walking about unemployed and almost dependent upon charity for food. M. Louis Pasteur, the distinguished French chemist and bacteriologist, is suffering from an attack of cholera, and his condition is regarded as critical. M. Pasteur is in his 70th year. It was manifestly known on Tuesday in commercial circles that the increased duties on spirits, wines and tea had been definitely decided on by the Government, for there was a tremendous rush to clear those classes of goods. The revenue received was far and away in excess of the amount ever previously taken on a single day, amounting to the sum of £109,708. The largest amount previously received in one day was £58,907, which was taken on 29th July, 1891, when Mr MIunro's budget was impending, and an increase in the duties on ales and spirits was unmistakably looked upon almost as a certainty. On the 12th May, just after the election of the present Parliament, it was expected that the manifesto of the Government would in clude a proposal in as similar direction, and there was a large clearance, £57,933 passing over the counter of the Custom House. Tuesday's take, however, quite eclipses anything previously recorded in the ;colony, and the clerks in the" long room," at a late hour Monday night, hbd not been able to complete the daily abstract. It was ascertained that by far the largest item in the clearances for the day was whiskey, for which over £60,000 was paid in duty. A sum of £5034 is Gd was paid on colonial spirits, which is usually one of the smallest items of revenue, One firm alone on Tuesday handed in a cheque for £13,000 as duty on imported spirit- principally whisky-withdrawn from bond. There has been a steady increase in the receipts for toe last six days, the total for that period beinf £199,662. No f"'rr "t 20 new bills were launched by mis. c.s i; the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday evening. Among the list are bills to amend the: Public Service Act 1890; a bill relating to mallee lands; to authorise the construction of a railway from Warrac nabeal to Donald; a bilt ;o make better provision for the acqu~.~uaiI of lands for the construction of Laes of railway; a bill relating to State forests ; a bill" to amend the Coal Mines Railway Construction Act 1891; to amend the Water Act 1890; a bill to abolish the system of paying teachers in the Education Department by way of re sults, and to substitute payment by fixed salaries ; a bill to amend the Railways Act ; a bill to restrict the importation, sale and use of opium; and a oill relating to the valuation of rateable property in mining districts, and also to the improvement of rates. Messrs Armstrong, Howe and Co, in con junction with Mr H M Hearn, will sell by auction at the latter's yards on Saturday, under instriictions forom Mr Thos Powles. 60 grand bullocks. Mr. Thomas Shaw, of Wooriwite has, the Chronicle understands, presented to the Mortlake Mechanics' Institute; a splendid collection ofbirds, insects, reptiles, shells, native weapons, etc. The gift is a most valuable one, and should be appreciated by the residents of M'ortlake, who have thus an interesting museum placed ;in their hands. The Parisian anarchist Ravachol, who on his second trial recently was found guilty of murder and sentenced to death, has been guillotined. Ravachol bore himself with'the utmost hraggado'io and defiance to the last, and danced and sang upon the scaffold. A peculiar assault case was investigated by the Ballarat bench of magistrates on Wednesday morning. Two men named John George Webb and Henry Watson met at Birregurra last week, and for company sake they resolved to walk together as far as Ballarat. The relations between the pair were very good up till last Mouday, when a disagreement arose, and Watson thrashed Webb in an unmerciful manner. When in couro on Wednesday Webb presented a most woe-begone appearance, and his face was badly cut. To show their sympathy with the injured man the Bench fined Watson 5s, in default twenty four hours' imprisonment. Watson was also fined in small amounts for being drunk and also for resisting Senior constable Downey, who arrested him. A striking fact about the Chinese use of tea, which is told on the authority of a Chinese officer, is that it is employed for preserving the bodies of the dead. A corpse placed in the centre of a box of tea, he says, will "keep" for years. He further asserts that tea which has been employed in this capacity is often exported for foreign consumption, the boxes being marked in a way known only to the natives. A rather peculiar case of horse stealing came on Tuesday under the notice of the metropolitan police. The animal specially interested is a racer known as Werong, at one time owned by Mr D S Wallace. There has recently been some business trouble in connection with the horse, who eventually fell into the hands of Mr F Stephen, junr, solicitor. Werong is being trained by Bence, at Caalfied, and on Tuesday morn ing, while a lad named Ford was exerris'ng him, a man came up and asked Ford for a match. Then having ascertained the name of the horse, he pulled the boy out of the saddle, and, mounting the horse, rode away. The detectives are inquiring into the matter. Efforts will be made by the proprietor of the boiling-down establishment near Albury to supply orders received from the Longwood Meat Preserving Company for as many legs of mutton as can be pro vided, as meat which is intended for export will be crossed in bond. The pro prietor has also received an offer from a Melbourne firm to take legs and loins and pay the duty. Owing to the value of the skins for the wool they carry at this time of the year, suitable sheep are not obtained on such advantageous terms as heretofore, but it is expected that 10,C)0 will be forwarded in the course of this week and next. A cable message says that in the elec torate, Forest of Dean, Hampshire, for which Sir Charles Dilke, who has been in political retirement since 1886, when he was rejected by Chelsea in favour of a Con servative, is a candidate, a public meeting has passed a resolution affirming that the electors disapprove of his candidature on moral grounds. Lady Dilke, who was present at the meeting, wept bitterly when the resolution was passed. The buildings of the Australian Club, as the corner of William and Little Collins Streets, Melbourne, were menaced by fire on Tuesday evening soon after six o'clcek, but, fortunately, the early discovery of the danger made the task of extinguishing the flames an easy one. An American paperstates that Milwaukee is fast passing from German to Polish control politically-so fast is the Polish population of the place growing, and so disposed are the people of that nationality to act together. Cleveland, Ohio, is another city reporting an unusual influx of Poles. Out of 338 immigrants settling in that place during March, 165 were from Poland, and only 23 altogether from Ire land, Italy, and Russia outside Poland. InRINa's GREAT WESTERN VINEYArD. Pure dry matured Clarets and Hocks' awarded Gold Medal Paris Exhibition and Chamipion Prize Melbourne Show 1889. Bulk and bottle wine supplied direct from vineyard, Great Western; or Melbourne Depot Collins,Street West. 