BRITISH TRADE AND- , FINANCE/ A REYIEW OF THE YEAR. AUSTRALIAN STOCKS AND PRODUCTS. THE COURSE OF THE MARKETS. (Faosr our Special Correspondent.) Tho R.M.S. Oroya, which arrived at Albany on >" aturday last, brought the following important special commercial report : — London, January 2. — The financial crisis caused by the failure of Baring Brothers in November, 1890, waa a new starting point for British financo and trade. Fortunately, though of a profound and far-rcaching extent, the iiilluonces of that disaster were slowly realised. The year 1891 was perhaps tho most anxious year during the last quarter of a century, but the consummate skill and im mense courage of the Bank of Eugland, co operating M'ith Baring Brothers' bank, miti gated tlfie consequences. The worst is now probably over, but the recovery has been and M'ill be slow, and will possibly extend over vuiiTs. The vnlitmo of British oversea trade for 1891 was about equal to that of 1890, but the proportion of exports and imports showed serious alteration. Tho exports decreased to the amount of £16,250,000 aud imports in. creased by thu amount of £14,750,000. The in crease in imports was largely due to the higher pritje of food, America securing the biggest shale of benefit. Speculative business natur ally felt heaviest the force of Baring Brothers' failure, which proved ' a great blow. The investing public lost confidence and tlio shrinkage of values' rendered securities un saleable. The amount cleared at the London Baidccrs' Clearing House showed a decrease of 12 per cent, and a further reduction is expected this year. About 700 registered companies M'erc wound up and many others M'erc forced to reconstruct. The number of companies placed on the market was much less than in previous years and a smaller pro- portion of those placed were entirely success, ful. A curious fact was that money was generally abundant and cheap during 1891, tlio average rate being a fraction over ?>2 per cent., against 4 percent.' for the previous year and 4£ per cent, the year before. The rate was changed a dozen times to meet the changing phases of the situation. Monetary troubles in South America, Russia, Spain, Greece, Portugal and Italy, and in a much lesser degroo in France and Germany prevented the dreaded efllux of,' gold. The advance of some millions against Baring Brothers' securities, with the -comparative absence of speculation, kept Loudon sup plied with cheap money. Australia suflurcd severely during the year. The Bank of Eugland and colonial banks' syndicates helped somo partly subscribed colonial loans through, but it is unlikely that the banks will repeat their assistance unless special terms are offered this year. Hostile journals and writers in tlio reviews suc ceeded in considerably weakening thccolonial credit, and it b agravc mistake tosupposc that the oduoated investing classes are unaffected by the criticism of respectable i>ublicatious. It is useless to deny that there is a feeling prevalent that tho colonies have over- borrowed. Tho vast natural wealth of the colonies is admitted, but that they arc pru dently governed is disputed. The market M'ill require delicate handling during the coming year. The iluctualions in Australian inscribed stock in 1891 muged from 7 to 10 per cent.; Canadian stocks, 7 per cent.; Cape stocks, 6 per cent.; Natal stocks, 5 per cent.; Indian stoclis, 6 per cent.; and consols, 3 per cent., but they are now recovering. Austra lian stocks arc still unequal. The deprecia tion in American and many European secu- rities was serious, ranging irom xv to 60 per cunt. The depreciation in the Loudon registers of colonial banks showed the effect up to 70 per cent-. The Times is doubtful in some cases as to the recovery of prices. The panics in Sydney and Melbourne owing to the stoppage of land banks and scandals connected therewith had surprisingly little effect on the prices of colonial stocks, the distinction between great solvent banks and other corporations and -pseudo banks and speculative building socie ties being uuiekly perceived, but the suspen sions helped to prevent the success of new ventures. Australian company promoters had a bad year. London underwriters aud investors would hardly glance at a colonial prospectus. Thoughtful financiers believed it wus prudent of the colonial Governments to include severe retrenchment in their finan cial proposals, and believe this will do much to restore the colonial credit, provided that borroM'ingis minimised. Increased production by tlic colonies m-us also a powerful factor in the recovery. The new exporting industries are being watched with keen interest, and it is hoped that tho immigration of small capi talists aud real workingmcn will be encour aged. A revieu' of colonial products offered on the London market shows as follows: — V/OOL. Few speculations were made last year owing to the decline of prices. The gross value of a lialo of colonial wool is now about £13, which is nearly a 15 per ccut. lower average than for 1890. Lust year opened M'ith consumers generally hopeful of a more profitable trade than uas realised. The latter half of the year u-as- very unprofitable, though the low prices obtained the fourth and fifth series of sale3 induced a certain amount of speculative activity. Raw merino was relatively dcar compared with current values. Yarns and top?, except for export, materially improved. In the coming year it is probable prices for rau' merino M'ill recede, as it is expected that large supplies from the colonics and River Via to will reach Europe. An exception may possibly be found in good free combings. Owing to the probable demand in America it is also anticipated that the revival of the exports of best M'ool goods to America may not seriously u'eaken. Should tlio public taste change it M'ill favor merino of inferior quality. Shabby crossbrcds will probably cheapen. Superior bright line wool will have a gooil demand because of the probable small supplies. v wheat: Since 1880 tho m'heab area has in creased beyond requirements; 1891 mos' the first year in whqdithc consumption overtook the supply. It is now necessary to enlarge the area to meet the demand of growing populations, and good prices are expected excepting in India. Tho United States is the cheapest producer, yet the acreage re mains steady m'hilo tho population has in creased by 12,500,000 — a proof that the old prices m'erc unremunerative. Jndiu m'ill shortly require all her m'hcat for the home market. It is unnecessary to give the fluc tuations of the English market during last year. Stocks at the» close of the year amounted to nearly 2,000,000 quarters over those of the previous January. Californians m'erc quoted at 6s per quarter highor, Aus tralian spot lots 5s to 8s higher, Rus sian 5s to 7s higher and Indian 5s higher. Tho immediate outlook of tho market is favorable to grou'ers. Austra lian shipments of good quality and regular arrival are likely to maintain, and possibly improve in values till tho approach of tho English harvest. 'Tho reduction of tho German duties cause freer purchases to com pensate for the Russian embargo on rye. Franco? requires 1,000,000 quarters monthly till September aud other foreign demands arc certain. KLOCTR. Moved throughout tho year in sym pathy m'ith m'hcat. Tlio demand mas steady and supplies full. English rose 6s per sack, American 3s, and Hungarian 3s on tho year. It is expected that France will be a large buyer until the harvest. SUdAU. Tho market in' England has been less fluctuating than in previous years and did not exceed 2s 6d. Several lots of Queensland sugar m'cro sold at full relative values compared m'ith Mauritius descrip tions. A foM' parcels of grainy, though scarcely good enough, showed excellent quality for rofining. Tho general opinion is that there will be higher all-round prices in the coming year, including those of Queens land products, consequent on the gradual in crease of the consumption in Europe and America, and probably tlic smallncss of tho stocks of beet sugar M'ill act as a great regulator of the prices, that crop being more dependent on the weather. Tlic extent of this year's area is not likely to be reduced while tho present prices last. A good season will yield an inoreasc of beet sugar of 400,000 tons. The present stocks of sugar amount to 102,000 tons, compared Avith 117,000 tons for the same period of the previous year. / butter. The tendency of the trade during the past season largely favors Australian butter, the demand for the factories' manu facture being greatest. The factories' pack ing in sevural instances militated against good prices, owning to the butter being placed direct in the boxes without a covering, thus causing serious depreciation, loss and im- sightliness. A remedy for this defect is an absolute necessity. The equality of Meights also caused serious losses, the New Zealand Dairy Association alone avoiding disputes. Several lower grades interspersed .M'ith higher oues caused serious fluctua tions. Tho general opinion of the value of the butter for keeping neces sarily overcomes the remaining prejudices. The best brands of Victorian butter suffered, especially from the practice of tlic merchant brokers of mixing grades. Thetimeand money of the Government will be m'uslcd unless means are taken to avoid this iu future. Several lots of old and inferior quality arrived branded with fancy marks, which were prejudicial to the Victorian trade. It is suggested tlmt to stop the use of such brands the shipper should be made liable to a penalty. It is necessary to prevent mingling of butters from different dairies in the same box. Willing small buyers object to unreliable streaky, over-colored butter, which is almost unsaleable. Salt bad been used, and iu some instances an inferior quality of common, gritty salt caused lots to be unsaleable, or saleable only at very low prices. Tho season's shipments from Canada and tho United States M'ill be small, probably smaller than previously. (Rving to the increasing consumption it is diffi cult to give a defiuito' statement of probable quantity that Avill bo ab sorbed next season. The brokers arc unani mous in the opinion that there will be an unlimited market for the best Australian factories. In the past season it has been steadily but surely beating the Irish, Dutch, Normandy articles, but Danish is at present regarded as- a Berious competitor, owing to tho shortness of transit. Auitralia may overcome this M'ith careful attention. Tlic first shipments generally make or -mar the season's trade. Scotland and the midlands cannot take larger quantities than pre viously, the southern centres supply ing great demands. Uniform packages will bo most advantageous. Opinions differ as to the value of the bonuses proposed to be granted and the majority contend that m'ith bonuses an impetus will be given during three years equal to that of 25 years without them. The merchants and brokers eulogise the efforts of Victorian ex perts in the butter trade. The supplies of Danish, Dutch, French and .Swedish were largest from April to September ndien prices ruled loudest, reaching 60s to 70s in October. It is most advisable that Aus tralia should commence to order their ship ments so as to arrive at the end of April. Shippers will find it necessary to aim at regular weekly supplies, tlio past season's irregularities having been disappointing and resulted in a loss to traders. It is also ad visable to send the same factories' butter to the samebrokerthroughout theseason. There is an unlimited demand for grass butter, the best Victorian factory realising (lie highest prices for standard quality. The shipping next season may double or treble safely to nuvaniHge. .l no aciiib, unismua-, imuuhuiu, Fresh Food and Frozen brands command the largest sale at the best prices. Rriccs ranged ns folloM's : — Dairy butter, milled 100s to 108s; common dairy, milled, 90s to 92s. These are nearly ahvays unsaleable, and but for the scarcity of American a drop of 20s to 25s may come at any moment ; fac tories, 116s to 124s, somo lots 126s to 128s. Last year factories M'erc at 108s to 118a ; dairy, 96s to 100s. The quantities expected from the continent arc likely to he reduced during the coming season, being largely de pendent on tho weather. T he returns of imports are not made up yet. Closing prices Mere as follows : — Prime Danish ranged from 136s to 142s ; Normandy, 106s to 126a ; Fries- land, 116s to 121s ; Brittany, 96s to 110s. frozen meats. The general tone and tendency of tlic market M'ere good. Stocks Were congested owing to committments from the colonies beyond requirements, which caused many forced sales, and the supplies of Aus tralian aud Plate dwindled at the end of the year, enabling au advance in prices. Stocks ut the close of the year M'ere heavier than in 1890, and there wore large country holdings. Ncm' Zealand mutton occupied a premier position in quuiility quality, but the average quality M'as lower than the low quality of 1890. It is considered advisable to no longer delay getting rid of merinos, because ot tlic grou-ing competition of Aus tralia and the River Piute. Ncav Zealand should direct her entire energies to tlic ship ment of prime crossbrcds. For months past prime Plate mutton luts been selling at id per lb. higher that New Zealand merino, leading to great confusion in the minds of consumers. Australian qualities luivc avcII maintained their position, and many shou'ed an improvement. Queensland has a big future provided that shippers send prime carcases only. The late shipmculs are decidedly unimproved. The .NewjZcaland system of grading is reported as a success and requires general adoption. The experience ot the year emphasises the demand for a guarantee of reasonable regularity in the qualities shipped under brands. This is absolutely essential to ensure satisfactory distribution of consignments and save charges to shippers. Steps to meet this u'ant Mill enormously develope the trade. Tho cargoes of tho past year arrived in fair condition. Experiments in shipping mutton and veal in skins Mere unsuccessful, the bright appearance after flaying tho carcases being more quickly lost. A large business m'as sot aside om'ing to the strong reluctance of shippers to adopt forward sales and accept contract terms. The freight rates were rc- UUCCU twill. iViau Hiu UMinviUpV. J trade, M'hich M'as thought slightly unprofit able, shows a distinct improvement com pared with 1890. Till .September t he price Mas satisfactory and tho supplies moderate. Since then large imports and the rivalry of the American chilled meat has depressed prices. The level of the Plate beef is poor. Queens land is aflbrdcda splendid opportunity in this direction. Frozen has been establishing a preference over chilled beef. It is probable that the American supplioKuIU he less yearly OM'ing to the increase of population, ami unless prices improve materially American shipments M'ill he reduced. It is desirable to secure larger shipments of lambs during the present year. TALLOW. The market is featureless and void of speculation. Prices closed somewhat under Id. Fine Australian mutton ranged from 27s 6d at the opening of the year to 29s 3d in Ani;il, closing in December at 26s 9d. Beef talloM" opened at 26s, reaching its highest figure, 27s 3d, in May and closing at 25s 9d. For home tallow prices u'ero practi cally unchanged, if anything slightly lower. Supplies of home taliiv M'ere short through out the year. Thu total quantity thatarrived at Loudon M'as 91,000 casks, of M'hich 60,000 M'ere bonded. Of these St. Petersburg sup plied 284 casks, Falkland Island 88i>, North America 3300 and other localities 500. Tlic balance M'as supplied by Australia (56,190 casks) and New Zealand (29,976 casks). The future depends on the supply of home pro duce. Should Australasian supplies remain normal it is not likely that there M'ill be serious charges in prices during the year. hoi's. Hops made the past year unprece dented promises. The large crop in early summer prevented Iioldersgettinghigh prices. The English crop m'as practically absorbed ami tlic American California!! crops almost exhausted. The prospects of grou'era for 1892 are the finest ever remembered. HOLD. Operations in gold show an increase of £7,000,000 over 1890, the total being £30,000,000. This enabled the Bank of England to return £4,500,000 to Russia. Portugal gave the largest increase, £6,000,000, and Australasia, £4,500,000. .South Africa produced £2,500,000, an increase of £500,000. Germany M'as a steady and good buyer throughout tlio year. Spain came forward j towards the end of the year. Tho exports from India m'erc £1,250,000 less than in 1890, the total imports being £30,000,000 and tho I exports £26,000,000. The prospect of a largo 1 Increase in bank reserves favors a small riM in future, and prices are likely to nmmtuib the present level. SILVER. 1 Tho market during the year has been disappointing. Prices show a gradual (Io dine, m'hich is accounted for by tho Mailt of a demand in India, together M'ith tho increased supplies in England. The reduc tion of the shipments to India aud China amounted to £3,000,000 sterling, America exported £4,000,000. Tlio exports to Spain and Portugal for 1890 m'erc £3,500,000, and to Japau £1,250,000. The chief demand for the latter year was from Spain ; tho East purchased occasionally. An impor tant feature m'as that the stocks of silver in England aud America M'ere less than in 1890\. There was a good supply of Mexican dollars throughout tho year. The price of bar silver reached the highest point-., 33 11 l-16d per oz. on January 13, and tho loncst3s 6 3-16dpor oz., onfDecemlier 1. /l'lio imports u'crc valued at £12,000,000 and tho exports at tel3, 300,000, against £12,400,000 imported and £10,890,000 during the previous year. The present price is uot considered due to any legitimate influence, but solely to the manipulations of American miners, t smelters and dealers. There is a strong opinion that prices will not go imicfi loM'er, and there is reason to exnect that in the future the markets M'ill rule at higher prices. Possibly there M'ill be a ; great rebound if America eventually decides on a free coiuage. COl'PKU. \ The market exhibited much variety and a avido range of prices, the re opening of the Aticonada mine, the extreme financial wcakricss in France and tho uncertainty regarding the Comptoir D'Hs- compto liquidation inducing a severe;- "bear" raid in .September. Speaking broadly, ' the stocks in England and France shou' a decline of 7820 tons compared M'ith 1890. deliveries also declined from 145,208 tons to 123,872 ; therefore sellers during the pnst year had tlio best of the bargain. Tho supplies received in England and Franco amounted to 116,052 tons, compared until 110,064 tons in 1890. Tho increase was solely due to the larger exports in North America. Tlio consumption, therefore, more than kept pace M'ith the supply. On the other hand, the Chili supply decreased 6000 tons, unu other countries by 2420 tons. Spain ami Portugal supplied 23,173 tons, compared M'ith 22,647 tons for the previous year. Tho deliveries M'ould probably have largely recent falls Mere due to the fear of an enormous exceeded the supply save for America. The riroduetion in America, the Calumet and Hccnla mines, in the Lake .Superior district, and Lite Aneonada mine being the chief bogies of the market. Their capocity is undoubted, but the general opinion is that there is a desire not to unfold their capacity. Had not tho Chili war intervened. Jiie de liveries M'ould have barely kept puce M'ith the supplies, .as prices declined from £51 per ton in September to £44 12s 6d per ton ju November. The American supplies foil from 5045 tons to 20C0 tons, ' showing the Americans do not desire to produce below £45 per ton. The general opinion is that the market does not fear overturning from American supplies. Thu prospects of tho coming year are bright. There is tlic likeli hood of a greater demand owing to the multiplicity of electrical purposes. Should prices further decline manu facturers M'ill most likely lay in stocks. TiN. The market for tin M'as easier gene rally for the past year, but fairly steady. Heavy sales at tho end of April depressed the values to £83 15s per ton, and during May heavy orders for America for plates, to bo delivered beforo the MHvinlcy duties M'ere put in force, caused considerable activity, and .Straits tin rose to £95 15s ton. Early in June values giaduallv declined, and thence till November, M'hen there was a con siderable speculative demand and a scarcity of spot parcels, the price advanced to £92 5s per Ion. The deliveries for the past year amounted to 17,751" tons, against 15,978 tons for the previous year. The demaud throughout M'as of normal description, though the visible supply shous a slight decrease. There is reason to believe that the stocks in England and abroad aro not materially altered. The price of £90 12s 6d per ton at tho close of the year is considered very lou' under existing condi- lions, and therefore brokers anticipate that M'ith any revival in trade material rises in prices must ensue. LEAP. The large supplies received from Aus tralia did not all'cet tlic price seriously. Values fell in sympathy M'ith the duluess of trade, and a still further reduction is pro bable. lniL should the decline reach £10 tho consumption is likely to be enormously in creased and the trade tho world over to go largely into stock. Such a figure as tho above may he considered the minimum. Tho market generally is in a ihore satisfactory condition than for a long time past, and the dividcud-paymg mines arc en gaging a larger amount of attention than formerly, M'ith the Australian mines coming to the front. The chief feature of the Aus tralian market M'as the eollanse in the shares of the Australian Broken-hill Consols, which had a most prejudicial cllcet in rc- au'akening the distrust felt formerly in colonial mines. The price of shares has fallen from £5 to 10s, and Ivangarilla shares fell from £1 to 6s. Wentu'orths worn another serious dis appointment, falling priority £3 8s to £1 Is 8d. and "ordinary from 25s to 7s 6d. These failures were keenly felt ou'ing to tho high-class promotionanspiccs and theainount of capital involved. The older mines gene rally had good improvements, Mosnmn'n taking the lead. New Queens doubled their value, standing aiou at 10s. Day Dawns 1\0. kept up their returns and slightly improved in price. The prospects of the other mines are distinctly better. Tho greatest confidence is manifested in the shares of locally managed companies with small capitals, such as (Sunbursts and Golden Gate, and it is likely that much greater interest M'ill be taken in the future. Pros peets of mines for the coming year favor a general revival in the mining market, pro vided swindles and unwise floating aro avoided. 