TOWN. NEWS. Regulations under which commissions in the British Army may be obtained by officers of colonial local military forces and by students from the colonial universities have j been issued with the Army Orders for the present year. Two army commissions will be allotted annually to New South Wales, South Australia, Victoria, Queensland, New Zealand, and the Cape of Good Hope, sis annually to Canada, one biennially to Tasmania, and two every three years to the Royal Malta Militia. In the event of the number of candidates nominated by the Governor, in a colony at auy time exceeding the allotted number of commissions the selection will be decided by competition in the military portion of the prescribed examination. A candidate must be between the ages of 18 and 22, have served at least 15 months as an officer in the local military force of the oolony from which he is nominated, and have attended two annual trainings, or have seen active service in the field. In connection with the literary examinations, those of chartered colonial universities are to be recognised, and in the' military examinations the subjects will be: —The elements of field fortification, mili-i tary topography, the elements of tactics, and military law. Copies of the regulations have V>een received from London by the Defence department. The will of the late Mr. John Stephens, of Gatehouse-street, Parkville, commission agent, has been lodged for probate. The de ceased died on the 3rd February last, leaving a will executed on the 7th May, 1884. The estate, which is valued at £25,842, consists of £4,800 realty and £20,542 personalty, and is left to the family of the deoeased. Easter Tuesday and the following Times day (Eight Hours Day) have been gazetjhd I public holidays. 1 At the Criminal Sittings on Monday JaneC. i JTolmer, a middle-aged married woman, who; residee in George-street, Fiteroy, was tried on a ehmge.pit^inltting m illtgoloperaritmbn a named dapet Robertson. She woe defended by Mr. J. T. T. Smith and Mr. Mullen. The oaee for the orotfecutkm was that Robertson went to the prisoner's house on the 21st of last month, and that tbe < prisoner there unlawfully gave her certain* medicine, and perlormed an illegal operation, J for which she charged £1615s. The defence * was that the prisoner had simply acted as* nurse to Robertson, and did not perform any illegal act. The jury found the prisoner guilty. She was sentenced to five months' imprison ment. As a result of the Intercolonial Postal Con ference held in Hobart last week the Post master-General of Victoria has decided that from the 1st of May next every newspaper coming into this colony from New South ' Wales or Tasmania without postage will be taxed with one halfpenny to pay. News papers in New South Wales and Tasmania are carried by the Postal departments fiee of cost, and, as is well known, both colonies, f especially New South Wales, transmit thou sands of papers annually to this colony for delivery by our Postal department. Victoria: has grown tired of protesting and appealing to those colonies to charge postage on their newspapers, and has given them notice of the action now proposed to be taken. At the Postal Conference a motion was carried to the effect that the postage, in each colony, on newspapers should be one halfpenny. Some time ago Mr. E.G. Wollaston, a state school teacher at Ball&rat;, was fined £6 by the Education department for preaching in' his school in direct opposition to the specifio' instructions of the department Since that time Mr. Wollaston has made repeated efforts to have the record of the fine expunged from the departmental documents,' but both Dr. Pearson and Sir Frederick Sor good in turn opposed the application, on the ground that the fine was not imposed for the' act of preaching in the school, but for wilful' disobedience of the instructions of the depart ment. Mr. Wollaston has now appealed to Mr. Peacock, the Minister of Public Instruc tion, to order the expunging of the record, but it is not likely that he will depart from the decision of his predecessors. The loan of £500.000, for which tenders were opened on March 25 by the Metropolitan Board of Works, has resulted in a most grati fying success, the amount asked for having been subscribed twice over. It was sought' to raise the money by tbe issue of debentures ' of £100 each, having a currency of five years," and bearing interest at the rate of 5 per cent.' per annum. There were 102 tenderers, and the total amount subscribed was £1,082,400. Of this amount a sum of £549,000 was offered above par, but it was found that tenders representing English money, and amounting to £85,000. were coupled with conditions which the board could not accept, although the premium offered upon them amounted to a larger sum than that upon all the other, tenders* put together. Deducting that amount £464,000 was left to be allotted in full to tenderers al>ove par, leaving a balance of only £34,000 to be allotted pro rata among ten derers at par. The average price of the loan is £100 2s. 2^d., and the average net proceeds, after deducting brokerage, will probably be about £99 18s. 3d. The result of the board's experiment is regarded on all hands as eminently satisfactory, and it is hoped that' it will do much to remove the feeling of distrust and timidity which has lately over taken the investing public in Victoria. The Ballarat Banking Company, a really sound institution, has suspended payment, owing to a run on the deposits. The action of the directors in closing is considered pre cipitate, and on Tuesday it was resolved, with the sanction of the depositors, to re open as soon as the necessary arrangements can be made. Further consideration has been given by the Crown Law authorities to the case of G.' • N. Taylor, late manager of the Land Credit . Bank, who was sentenced at the last criminal - sittings of the Supreme Court to two years - imprisonment for converting to his own use two promissory notes for £6,953 2s. lid. It is now understood that he will be tried at next' - month's criminal sitting of the Supreme Oourff on the charge of "omitting to enter particulars in certain books of account called weekly : balances of individual accounts." Taylor was • committed from the police court to take his 1 trial on that charge, but it was not proceeded * with by the Crown Law authorities at the last'" criminal sittings of the Supreme Court. ' - Mr. T. G. A'Beckett, writing on thesnnke- > bite question, relates the following ahaming incident which happened two years ago1 Two woodcutters were out cutting timber ' in the bush when one of them was bitten on • his finger by a snake, which they killed, and i soon afterwards the bitten man began to develop such alarming symptoms .that his companion in the absence of any other remedy promptly chopped off the finger with his axe, and to their relief the dangerous symptoms Boon vanished; the tnan quickly recovered, and they adjourned to the ad jacent township to duly celebrate in long drinks of best colonial his fortunate escape from an awful death, find they had fairly started on what promised to be a tarulyenjoy able evening, surrounded by the cusfcotbary oocupants of the bar, and he wMrolfiting the adventure for about the twentieth dai* to a new arrival, who happened to ask to look at the mutilated hand. when the shocking dis covery was Oaade that his friend had chopped off the wrong finger and'that the bitten one was still on. The fearful language then used towards his friend was unfit for publica tion. The Sanl'rahcisco papers have been givii* some attention to the ease of an adventurer named Madison, who seems to have Deem infifs partiality for oonstantljtiseeking out wives tad <prick!>«et ting ridlrf?the»n. -but In i a harmless Way. His jtfesfifictim, His. Lucinda Dawes, a ndp^ble -todoW, ^ Kltotia, leamed t»i«t-r+tt |ito| O^^^^^anotherwidowii ind deserted appliedM ■WWWpfa the other widow's heart, swlsfoenVS^Qdl two daislSer. At his instate# m Bold her effects, and gave him the money, SB they were about to start for San Miguel, jpalfomia, where, as he sail, he owned a due fruit farm. Madison went out to bey tickets and never came back. Mrs. Daves learned that Madison had been in California under pie name of Anderson, and. that he had deserted a young wife there after rev bing her, ; besides swindling others on: of £l,'»l'. He , went to Germany, foiv.i his vlf~ s mother, ; who lives there, and was svonr get hola or her money when she received a warning i til rough a letter from her da tighter. Then he appeared in Caiesgo, met another confiding woman, and mimed, her under the pretence .of owning 1,200 acres of land in Michigan. She shared the fate of her predecessors. Since his 'original i marriage in San Miguel and between that and his mar riage to Mrs. Dawes, Anderson married a Danish immigrant girl at Cherokee, Iowa. He went with her to Omaha, where he robbed her of her money and deserted her. He went east, and at Hoboken met another young Danish woman. Learning that she had considerable money he married her. He ■ was living with her in Boston while he was corresponding with Mrs. Dawes. While he was in correspondence with Mrs. Dawes he married a widow who lived in Kansas City, got 200dol. of her money, and disappeared, and also married a woman in Galena, III., who was treated in like manner. His sixth victim was Mrs. Dawes. The St. Louis widow seems to have been the only one of Anderson's dupes who feet to work to hunt the fellow down. She put detectives on his track, and he was Found in Albany in a fair way to secure his seventh victim in that city in the person of a j well-to-do widow. He was arrested, and placed in gaol in Cleveland. Five of his! [wives signified their intention to appear, against him when he comes to trial. His original and only legal wife obtained a divorce from him two year3 ago. : The silver coinage question is to be re vived by Sir. Munro on his arrival at London, the Cabinet having requested him to make an effort in his capacity as Agent-General to jpbtain permission from the Imperial authori ties for the coinage of silver at the Melbourne Mint. At present only gold is coined at the local Mint, ami it results in an annual loss *pf aboqt £5,000, while it is estimated that the silver coin circulated here during the six pears would have, if made locally, yielded a profit of about £11,000 a year, and this is the primary reason for again approaching the Imperial authorities on the subject. It was Et first suggested, in order to guard against tye loss arising from the withdrawal from "circulation of the worn coin, that the colonial coinage should be of a distinctive character, In order to prevent confusion as to which poverament was chargeable with the ex Enses of the withdrawal. It was found, iwever, that this would necessitate ivellers from England exchanging their Silver coins on arriving here for others ocally manufactured, and this, it was thought, would be somewhat anhoying. In addition, it was doubted whether it would be Desirable, on the ground of patriotic senti ment, to establish distinctive currency be tween the colonies and the mother country, id. suggestion was therefore made so as to feurmount the withdrawal difficulty that worn coin found here should be redeemed by the Victorian Government, and that fonnd in. England by the Imperial Government. In order to guard against any over-issue at the Melbourne Mint, it was proposed that the legal tender in the payment of any debt in Coin should be fixed in the colonies at £2 for Bilver and Is. for bronze, as in England. | Whitehead's shilling Map of Victoria for 1892 is to hand. The counties are distin guished by colours. There is a copious Index. The map is on a scale of 20 miles to the inch. I The will of the late Mr. James W. Shevill, prho was found dead at Glen Iris on the 8th December last, has been lodged in the Master n Equity's office. The will was dated the 1.4th Jane, 1889. The estate left by the de-. lapsed is valued at £17,946, consisting of t%71>5 realty and £14,231 personalty, The Property is distributed amongst the family af, the deceased. The will of ; the Utfo Mr. Charles Lister, of Stadley-park^ Sew, has also been lodged in the Pro late' (Office.. The deceased died on the 23rd of February last, leaving a will executed >n the 15th of Gctober, 1890. The estate is ygloed at £48,000, .consisting of £40,000 realty and £3,000 personalty, and is chiefly |eft to the widow. and children of the deceased. ■ ( The latest addition to the yank? of the unemployed occurs thrpugh the dismissal of aome .80 casual employes of the Rail way department Theee men sept h de: rotation to. the.deputy- comroisHipnfjES on (Wednesday, to complain of what tbey con sidered an inconsistency, vk., (hat they should be dismissed when the Govero paent.-was finding work for thennown flayed.'.' In addressing the oommWphers lh(W #eid, '' Yon are employing a lot of men WtQBfjefjMorks. Why should webe put, pit JfCirJ^tejh^tehtof these men?" Thedeputyr [JbqijpfofwiweiB deemed the settlement of this j for the Minister of Railways,; referred it to him. Mr, Wheeler,. ^TOidd .-Uot take the responsibility and referred the matter loners, who nowatotethetj anything for the men. M.,i ipanyLbnited have reoeiudl Man- - 