Wttyttykh fjheutf. CABLE MESSAGES. THE QUEENSLAND POLYNESIAN ACT. London. May 20. It a possible the resumption of the Kanaka traffic will result in an increased vote for the Western Pacific Naval Service. Losdos, May 21. Admiral Erskine, in a letter to the Press, nays he has observed witb sorrow and dismay the attitude of the Imperial Government on the ffanalfa question. He declares that nnder the most stringent regulationa, wrongs and abuses will occur in connection with the traffic, leading invariably to reprisals and bloodshed. Recruiting round New Guinea, he sayB, is contrary to the terms of the pro tectorate. THE HORRICAKE AT MAURITIUS. London, May 20. Baron de Worms, Uouer-Secretary for the Colonies, in answer . to a question in the House of Commons, stated that thronjrh the recent hurricane, 124 chapels, colleges and sugar mills at Mauritius were wrecked, while 900 persons were killed, and UNO wounded. London, May 21. It is now said 1566 persons were killed at Mauritius, and thousands have been rendered homeless. Twenty-nine steamers were wrecked through the hurricane. The Lord Mayor of London has opened a fund on behalf of the sufferers. THE MONEY MARKET. London, May 20. The Daily Sews states that 1} per cent has been accepted for short loans in large sums Money, it saya, is a drag in the markets THE EIGHT HOUR DAY. London, May 20. Mr. W. E. Gladstone has asked Mr. Shipton for the details of his Eight Hour THE DISSOLUTION OF PARLIAMENT. LosooK, May 20. It is believed that the Cabinet decided to-day that Parliament be dissolved on the 20th of June. London, May 21. It is stated that the date oE the dissolution of Parliament has not been fixed. TEERIBLE DEVASTATION IN UNITED STATES. London. May 20. In Iowa, Illinois, Nebraska, Missouri, portion of Knn«un» and Minnesota, there have been disastrous floods, which have ^nwxi widespread ruin and miseiy. Business in Chicago has been paralysed, and tbe losses amount to many miuionfi. POUTICAL TROUBLES IN BULGARIA. London, May 20. Dalael's telegraphic agency reports that a revolution has occurred in Bulgaria, and that Ferdjnand, Prince of Bulgaria, has been dethroned. The report chat Prince Ferdinand has bean dethroned is denied. MB. SPRINGER'S WOOL BILL. London, May 21. The Finance Committee of the United States Senate is copsideri ng Me Springer's Wool BUL Even if the Committee report favourably, it is not expected the Bill will TBnyq the Senate* ANTWERP WOOL SALES. London, May 21. The Antwerp wool sales closed with an animated rise for good qualities, which was folly sustained. Low qualities were rather neglected. Out of 9500 bales offered, 5000 were sold. Nearly all of the Australian wool was withdrawn. WOOL SALES. London, May 23. The list for the third series of wool sales for the current year is now closed. The total arrivals amount to 425,000 bales ; but 58,000 baton have been forwarded direct to the manu facturers. The available total for the sales, including the quantity held over from the last series, will be 387,000 bales. THE DURHAM STRIKE. London, May 23. Tbc masters have rejected the Durham strikers offer to accept 10 per cent reduction in wage*. London, May 24. The Miners1 Federation Board declare that the owners' tenns are equivalent to serfdom. THE DANISH GOLDEN WEDDING. London* May 23. The Prince and Princess of Wales and the Czar and Czarina of Russia have started for Copenhagen to attend the golden wedding of the King and Queen o! Denmark. RIOTS IN BELGIUM. London, May 23. The successes achieved by the clerical party at the elections in Belgium have provoked tlie Liberals and serious tigtitinc has takeu pla.ee in the streets of Brussels, resulting in many persons being injured. The. riots are still proceeding. SOUTH AUSTRALIAN AGENCY COMPANY. London, May 24. At a meeting of the South Australian Land Mortgage and Agency Company, the directors stated that £150,000 had bceu placet! to the credit of the Depreciation Account. The first half of the cull of £1 per share had already yielded £64,000, and the second half is due in July- The tangible assets amount to £1,2SG,000 against a liability of £798,400 If the uncalled capital is added, the assets amount to rhrice the sum of the liability The report of the directors was rejects], and a. poll demanded. THE IRISH LOCAL -iOVEKNMENTr BILL. London. May 21. Mr. Gladstone, in die debute on the Irish Local Government Bill, slated if the Irisb accept Mr. Bdlfour's measure tbey aiv un worthy of Home Rule. London, May 25. The Local Government Bill was read a second time in the House of Commons by a majority of 339 votes to 247. QUEEN'S BIRTHDAY HONOURS. LCNDON, May 24. The Hon. Joseph Palmer Abbott, Speaker of die New South Wales Legislative Assembly, has been knighted. Sir William Manning, M.L.C., Sydney, and Mr. Patrick Alphonso Buckley, U.L.C., New Zealand, bare been created K-C.M.G's. Louis Adolpbus Beroays, clerk to tbe Queensland Legislative Assembly, has been created C.M.G., as was also Mr. Francis Pratt Winter, judicial officer in British New Losdos, May 25. Mr. Louis Brennan, of Victoria, has been created a C.B. Prince George of Wales has been created Duke of York, Earl of Inverness, and tfaron of Kiliarney. The Right Hon. Sir Henry John Selwin Ibbctaon, Bart., M.P., and Sir Evelyn Baring, C.B., K.C.S.L, G.C.M.G., have been ap pointed to the Peerage. The Hou. John Joseph Caldwell Abbott, Prime Minister of Canada, has been appointed K.C.M.G. COLONIAL AFFAIRS. Losdos, May 25. Mr, James Munro, Agent-General for Vic toria, presiding at a meeting of tbe Society of Arts, where a paper was read by Mr. Howard Vincent, M.P., on 'The Extension of the Colonial Trade,' said the colonies deserved advantageous treatment because tbey would never go to war with the motherland, whereas foreigners might do so. A commercial union between England and Australia was impos sible until Australia was federated, which scheme was advancing slowly. When fede rated, Australia would ma.jntj.jn protection against the world, including Britain, unless Canada's preferential treatment of the mother land proved a success. He complained of tbe unjust attacks by the financial press on Aus tralian credit, and defended the colonies abstaining from assisting immigration. LOSS OF A HERO. London, May 24. A man who succeeded in saving twenty seven lives from the floods in the Missouri River was eventually drowned himself. He was accorded a great public funeral. SILVER. London, May 24. Bar silver is quoted at 3a. 44d. per oz. AUSTRALIAN FRUIT. London, May 24. The Tasmanian apples, which arrived by tiie s.s. Arcadia, have been sold at from 9s. to 14s. per case. The Australian pears, by the s.8. Napoleon, however, were mostly rotten, as were also two cases sent by the Arcadia by the Victorian Government for testing puposes. the latter arrived in a wet state, and were greatly damaged. THE BELGIAN ELECTIONS. London, May 24. The amendment of the Belgiau Constitution has been referred to the general elections, which tike place on the 14th of Juue. OBITUARY. Losdos, May 24. Tfce death is announced of Mr. William H. VanderbQt. 