(Thr^jDrnin^uUrtin, ROCKHAMPTON. TUESDAY, APRIL C, 1692. THE RUTTER RON US. Every one who has been paying any attention to thc progress of dairying in Australia must have noticed the great advance winch lias been made in Vic- toria within a comparatively recent period. So great lins it been that we now read of the export of tons of butter from the southern colony to thc home markets. Not only lins there been a great increase in thc amount of thc produce, but the superiority of the quality is sucli that it fetches a high price in the old country, where it has to compete with thc famed Trish und Danish butters. Of course many will be veiidy to cry out that all this is due to the butter bonus system, which within the last few years has been in operation in Victoria. It will not be possible to deny that much of the prosperity is due to thc cause named, but other circumstances have contri- buted to it a good deal, and in the popular discussion of the subject pro- duced by the Treasurer's proposals these are not likely to have the weight attached to them that is due. It is to be noticed in the first place that arable agriculture has been making 6teady progress in Victoria. The colony in a measure owes its existence to mining. Miners tit first formed the bulk of the population, and there hus always been a large proportion of them in it. In order to feed them others have had to engage in agriculture, and they have found the employment profitable. The number of agriculturists has not been so large that they could not find a fuir market for their farm produce. Then many who were engaged in mining, and work connected with it, when it began to fail, went into agricul- ture, and took with them money earned in other occupations. This enabled them to make a good start. With sonic little money at command they were able to fence their holdings, and put on im- provements of which they soon reaped the benefit. How often has it been made thc subject of grievous comment in this Colony, that we could not get as immigrants men who had a knowledge of agriculture, and some little means to enable them to make a start in it. It is such men who have created in Vic- toria the class of peasantry who form an important element in the com- munity. Tiiey now constitute the farming class, and have capital ut com- mand to carry on their industry. Their influence is shown in the existence of the butter bonuses, of which they have been reaping the advantage. Now these men are in favourable circum- stances for carrying on dairying. They have hod time to perfect a process of artificial selection of milch cows. They are on well fenced farms, '.and can give their milkers that variety of food which promotes quantity and excellence of milk. Recently too, they have been able to combine, and make butter factories a success. They are well up in the dairying business, and are now favoured by circumstances which they have created. Of course they will say many of these have been due to the operation of the bonus system. Ex- perience, shows, however, it is bad policy, apart from the unfairness of the proceeding, to tax the community for the benefit of one class. It is not neces- sary ¡it this time of day to point out that bonuses have ultimately to be paid by the majority, and they have also to pay an increased price for the produce l.otvussed. Not very long ago thc Mel- bourne press made merriment out of thc fact that while Victorian butter was selling in London at a shilling per pound, consumers were beingasked to pay about double that price for it in Victoria. At best the bonus system is objectionable ; but expediency renders it sometimes excusable, if not even necessary. There is need for thc agricultural industry receiving some encouragement. It is of thc first importance to thc Colony. Our prosperity depends largely on its de- velopment, and no branch of it is more deserving of encouragement than the dairying. Unless it receives help the country will be inundated with the pro- duce of the other colonies, to the prejudice of our own goods. Our farmers arc handicapped in the competi- tion with Victoria and New .South Wales, and it will be expedient to de- vote a portion of thc money raised from the occupiers of land to assist dairying. There is this difference between the bonus system here and elsewhere-that the money to be expended on it is to be raised from those immediately to be benefited. The ultimate effect of it may be that colonists in general who have to buy butter may have to pay a larger price for it, but surely they will not grudge to do that if at the same time wo have employment abundant, and other industries stimulated and rendered pros- perous. Our social fabric rests on agri- culture, ¡ind whatever aids the latter promotes the erection of the former. Where agriculture flourishes the people ave prosperous, contented, and happy. Productive industries are the mainstay of manufactur- ing industries, and without thc former we cannot maintain the latter. While, the bonus is to be levied from those to be benefited by it, there is not much likelihood of its being long con- tinued, only a little aid is wanted to make the dairying industry boom. It needs a little help to get properly estab- lished, and once it is fairly on its feet it Will be able to go on steadily and sturdily. Among the results of the system will be the improvement in the breed of dairy cattle. The old scrubbers that nre unmanageable without their calves tugging at their udders, and which at best give not more than a pound of butter a week, will be weeded out. In their stead we will have kindly kine, such os they have in the southern j colonies, which for eight months in tho year yield a pound ot butter daily. There should also be u great improve- j ment in dairy management. Tiiej separator will come into more general use, and the methods of butter and cheese-making taught by the Govern- ment dairy experts will be more care- fully and generally followed. The use of the silo will become common, and for people in towns wholesome fresh butter will be available all the year round. On the whole, therefore, the butter bonus, as an expedient to assist dairying, is worthy of a fair trial. It is impossible to accuse thc police of precipitate- action in thc prosecutions they successfully carried through yesterday against a number of hotclkcepcrs for Sunday trading. Concerning this breach of the law they haTe been long Bullering to a degree that will probably mukc many think their action DOW is harsh, if not actually illegal. Sunday trading in Rockhampton has for long been notorious. It has not been carried on clandestinely, but with an almost ostentatious publicity, inviting, ifnotdefying, prosecution. It is questionable if there are half-a-dozen hotels in tho town which do not barefacedly engage regularly in Sunday trading. These facts must have fallen weekly under the notice of tho police, who have more than once been pointedly reminded of their duty in these columns. That there is a considerable opinion against the present law no one can deny, though whether or not it is one of those opinions which people would prefer to hold in private rather than confess in public is another matter. To this, no doubt, is due thc laxity shown by the police, who, it is permissible to suppose, may share it to some extent. But this does not make the laxity any thc less culpable. The duty of thc police is not simply to enforce thc laws they approve of, but to enforce all the laws of thc country-the law against Sunday drinking equally with thc law against larceny. If the law against Sunday trading is to be repealed it should bc done formally by Parliament, not informally by the police. Sunday tiading is one of those subjects ou which it cannot bc ' said that Parliament has legislated finally. Public opinion favoured Sunday closing wien the Act was passed ; if there has been a change since we may be Bure Parliament will quickly respond to it. Thc fact, however, that no petition has been presented to Parlia- ment with this prayer, and that uo demand has been made on the platform or through the press for any alteration of the existing law, argues that it still has the great body of public opinion behind it. Those who think otherwise may reply that so long us the law was allowed to remain a dead letter there was little likelihood of thc public demanding its repeal, tile public concerning itself little about laws which do uot touch it. That may bc true, hut it is no defence for not enforcing th: lan' ; and it further gives ground for thc retort that if the law were enforced, the true trend of public opinion would he quickly discovered. If through this enforcement u strong protest against thc kw were made, then enforce- ment would most likely prove thc greatest service that could bc rendered the op- ponents of thu Act ; and if such a protest were not entered, the opinion would be irresistible that the country was strongly in favour of the law as it now stands. It is to bc hoped these arc to bc no fl.ish-in-thc-pan prosecutions, but that the police will vigilantly watch this illicit trading. Convictions are said to be difficult to obtain from thc manner in which the Act is drawn, hut now that fair warning has been given, the Bench might properly bc importuned to in- flict full penalties when the prosecution is successful. The knowledge that the tine would bc something more than nominal would prove a strong deterrent. The Rev. C. W. Graham, for several years past pastor of thc Campbell-street Wesleyan Church, leaves here by the southern mail boat to-night for Tamworth, in New South Wales, to which place he was recently appointed. Fourteen grazing farms on thc resumed part of Wulton ruu wcte thrown open to selection at thc Rockhampton Land's office yesterday, at a rental of 3d. per aero. There were no applicants. A farm of OW acres, in the parish of Calliungal, was thrown open at the same rental, nnd selected by Mr. Edmund Slater. The s.s. Arawatta, which should have arrived in Keppel Bay early on Sunday afternoon, did not reach there until four o'clock yesterday afternoon, und her mails and passengers were not received in town until late at night. The Arawatta was de- tained on thc coast by thc very heavy weather tlint prevailed on Saturday and Sunday ; but which merely touched Keppel Bay. A meeting of thc Original Sketch Club was held yesterday afternoon at Miss Egger's studio. The attendance was luther small, owing probably to thc shower which fell just at thc time of meeting. As there were so few present, it was not thought irivisahle to transact uny other than necessary business. The subject choseu at thc last meeting was " local sketches " and au inspection was made of the exhibits received. " Shelter " was the subject chosen for thc next meeting. A meeting of tho creditors of Mr. Francis Holmes, timber merchant and saw- miller, of Rockhampton and Raglan, was held on Satur- day at thc office of Messrs. Rees R. and Sydney Jones. It was decided that thc ullkirs of thc estate should be liquidated by arrangement, and not in insolvency ; that thc debtor bc granted his dischurge in three months' time, provided thc trustee riled no objection in the meantime ; and that he 'thc debtor) be allowed his household furniture, amounting in value to thc sum of £20. Mr. A. S. Tompsnn was appointed trustee at a remuneration of not less than £20, or five per cent on thc realised asset«, at his option. Thc liabilities in the estate amount to £1509 12s. 4d. Of this, £83112s. Id. is un- secured ; ¿710 11s. 3d. partly secured (the property on which thc advance was made being estimated to bc worth £150) ; und £108 9s. is due for tent, wages, taxes, &c.; The assets amount to £438 9s. 7d. Mr. Holmes attributed his insolvency to depres- sion in trade, and to his inability tn get in thc outstanding accounts, which wen- shown nt £253 Os. 2d. What will probably be the last of thc "Monday Pops" was held lust night, to a very thill house. It has often been said that thc Rockhnmptonitcs arc a "music-loving people," but if thc persistent efforts of Mr. F. Fowler to please, and their result , are any criterion, then thc musical taste has consider- ably deteriorated. The various items were very well received, those by Miss May, Mrs. Fowler, and Mrs. Rawson especially so ; but Mr. Bicklc's flute solo, " The Marseillaise," accompanied by Mr. Fowler, was undoubtedly thc bust item of thc evening. The following is thc programme gone through :-" Trusty as steel," Mr. .1. F. M'Cormack ; " Loves old sweet song," Miss May ; " Message from thc King," Mr. J. W. Fraser; "Death cf Nelson,'1 Mr. J. Waldron; "Battle of the Baltic," Mr. J. C. Oswald; "The Last Watch," Mrs. Frank Fowler; "Tom Bow- ling," Mr. J. W. Fraser j Flute solo, " Mar- seillaise," Mr. H. Bickle ; " Our hands have met," Miss May ; " Bells of Aberdovey," Mr. Oswald; "The Skipper," Mr. J. F. M 'Cormack ; "Yes, let me like a soldier fall," Mr. J. Waldron. Mr. Frank Fowler played the severa 1 accompaniments in bis usual masterly manner. By the 8.1. Burwah, which readied the wharf yeaterday morning, there arrived 101 Lincoln rama from Sydney, consigned to the Kew Zealand Loan and Mercantile Agency Company. They are bound for Messrs. Cud- more and Sons' Tara Station. Genoral regret waa expressed yesterday at thc news that Mr. Campbell Murray, of Fitzroy Park, bad met with a severe accident. Mr. Campbell left home on Friday afternoon on horseback intending to be away only an hour or two. He had not returned by sun- down, and search was made, when he was found lying iu one of thc paddocks with bis thigh broken. His horse it appears stumbled und fell on its side, before Mr. Murray could get his leg clear. It is a simple fracture, and Dr. Callaghan, Mr. Murray s medical atten- dant, hopes for a favourable recovery. The Tow n Surveyor (Mr. T. Parker), accom- panied by thc Municipal Accountant (Mr. T. Nobbs), will leave town by buggy this morn- ing for Westwood, in combination of tbeir survey of thc country about Rockhampton, with a view to devising; a scheme for supply- ing the town with water. They will remain at Westwood overnight, and next day go on to Windah, twelve miles distant, remaining there until Thursday night or Friday morn- ing. Thence they return to Stanwell, examining the ranges in the vicinity of Stewart's Creek, and the other watercourses in the neighbourhood, arriving in Rockhamp- ton on Saturday. North Rockhampton ia to have another con- tested municipal election. The nominations in thc appointment of a councillor to succeed I Mr. T. Nobbs, who recently forfeited his seat through non-attendance, closed yeaterday I afternoon, aud thc official declaration will be made at noon to-day at the Council Chambers. There are three candidates, namely, Messrs. William Black, farmer; Thomas Hollings- worth, shipwright : and J. C. Stewart, labourer. Mr. Stewart was nominated by Messrs. Wm. Hindlcy, George Gatton, John D. Landry, David T. Mudie, Thomas Fenton ; Mr. Hollingsworth hy Messrs. Wm. Hopkins, John Richmond, 0. Lewis, J. Goodsall, T. Ingham, E. S. Lucas, R. Macfarlane, Jas. Stewart, T. V. Nobbs, R. M. Hunter, R. H. Allen, R. Brock, Tyler, Birch; and Mr. Black, by Mesdames Butcher, Versmann, and Messrs. Geo. Potts, junr., C. H. Tillidge, C. Norris, W. G. Thompson, P. Hoffmann, and Wm. Usher. A meeting of the Mackay Cricket Associa- tion was held on Wednesday afternoon last, says the Mackay Standard of Friday, when the proposal to receive a visit from a team representing thc Albert Club, Rockhampton, waa dealt with. After a discussion of ways and means it was determined that the visiting team should be invited.to play here on Friday and Saturday, thc 15th and 16th of April. In tho meantime arrangements are being made to enable a steady scries of practices to take place, aud from among the number of those attending these practices thc' final eleven will be chosen to do battle for Mackay igainst Rockhampton. The latter may be depended upon to bring a strong team here, and our boys will have their work cut out foi them, at the same time we do not feel dis posed to predict tbe defeat of Mackay thu time. Wc have little doubt that the general public will give liberal patronage to thc match, and that in thc matter of raisin); thc funds required to defray the expense! which have to bc incurred, a generoui assistance will be obtained. Our men an non- playing the game, and we believe tbi people here will willingly recognise the fact The Peak Down* Telegram of Saturdai gives thc following particulars of tbe deatl of Mr. W. Shanks, which has already beet briefly referred to in our columns :-A ver] sad and unexpected death took place here ot lost Tuesday evening. Mr. Shanks, a chemis from Mount Morgan, recently carno up to Clermont as locum taunt for the iocs chemist Mr. Moxham, who is taking a bob day in the southern colonies. On last Sunda; Mr. Shanks went for a short ride, the tem perature at the time being about 102' in tb shade, and unfortunately be wore only small hard felt bat as a protection against th great beat of the sun. Mr. Shauks on bi return complaiued of not feeling very well but went to dinner at his hotel as usual. 0, the following day, Monday, he still felt no very well, but was able to attend to bus1 ness and did not seek any medical advice On Tuesday morning, Mr. Shanks wa Btill attending to business, but in the aftei noon he seems to have suddenly devi loped serious symptoms. Dr. Symes, wh happened to be in town representing tl Mutual Life Insurance Society, was sent ft to the Commercial Hotel, and he immediate! suggested that Dr. Collins should be sent ff to the hospital. Dr. CollinB came down in mediately, and bad a consultation with D SymcH, aud as a result Mr. Shanks was i once sent to the hospital by Dr. Collin Upon arrival there thc poor fellow was seizt with convulsions, followed by coma, ti temperature rising all the time until reached thc extraordinary height of HS wheu Mr. Shanks expired, about three (iou alter his admission. Dra. Symes and Colli were in attendance on thc patient until I died, and did everything that medical sk could suggest, but without avail. Tl medical men say that Mr. Shanks must ha1 received a sunstroke while riding on Sunda and thc serious symptoms did not develop f nearly forty hours afterwards. Thc annual meeting of the Ramblers Foe ball Club was held last evening at thc Queen land Hotel. There was a fair attendance members. Mr. F. Conran presided. Tl following report by tho Committee was pi sented and adopted :-" In presenting to yi thc annual report of your club's doings for t Just season, your committee have to cougrat atc thc playing members on the suco 1 achieved by them on the field. In the Asi ciation competition your club played fo matches, two of which were won and ti lost , securing second place, thc Albion Sn i being at thc top with four matches played a won. Two teams were entered from yo club to compete for thc Edgar Charity Ct the second comprising thirteen junior phvyc Tile eleven also obtained second place in tl contest, losing the trophy by ono point. V. fortunately for tho eleven in their mal ugainst the thirteen they were titree ni short, and the game ended in a very unsat factory manner, namely, a draw, which plat holli teams at a disadvantage, as was seen the end of the competition, when the Scott were declared thc winners by one point on In all eight matches were played by t cloven, four being won, two drawn, and t lost. For thc season's premiership your clei divide thc honours with the Albion Swil euch team having »cored eight points, the second team was only formed in the mid of the season, only three matches were play of which one was won, oue drawn, and i lost. In the matter of finance your club has I been quite so successful as in the field. 1 total receipts for the season were £7 3s. C und the expenditure £9 9s. 9d. leaving a do balance of £2 6s. 3d. with which to comme] the coining senson. Thu thanks of members of thc club ara due to thoChairm President, and vice-Presidents for tl generous ussiatunce, and also to Mr. L Victoreen, who throughout the season une took the duties of umpire. It will your duty to elect to-night offii for thc ensuing season. In concluí your committee would urge the merni to be regular in their attendance practices, and rely on their efforts this respect for a successful seaso The following officers were elected :-Patt Mr. William Spier; President, Mr. H. Johnson; Vice-presidents, Messrs. R. K H. Bachert, and Captain Flemming; Capb Mr. J. Cahill ; Vice-captain, Mr. H. Gilbt Hon. Secretary and Treasurer, Mr. Leor Victorien ; Delegates to the Associât Messrs. A. Jitter and Leon L. Victors Captain of tko second team, Mr. A. J is Vice-captain, Mr. \V. Sloan ; Commit t Messrs. J. Cahill, L. L. Victoreon, M'Connell, F. Gray, F. Conran, E. Tun and A. Jiaer. There is no chango to report in tho went): though a light drizzling rain fell for ah half an hour yesterday afternoon, and it \ cloudy and threatening in thc evening. 1 telegrams posted at the Telegraph OH yesterday showed that rain had fallen nt I following stations : -Brisbane, 3'62 in.; ll tard Head, OW in.; Maryborough, I1)ß i Inskip Point, 2-32 in. ; Woody Island, 0O5 i Nebo,0"02in.; Camboon,0'70in.; Wcstwot 1 .37 in.; Duaringa, 005 in.; Gladstoi 1*49in.; Mount Morgan, thunderstorm a heavy showers ; Raglan and Gatcombe Hen showery ; Miriam Vale, Cape Capricorn, u Sea Hill, thunderstorms with heavy ru during thc night. Bustard Head repot waterspouts off there on Sunday. Thc sha readings of thc thermometer al Rockhawpti on Saturday were :-Maximum, 93°; mil mum, 67°. Thc readings for the twenty-fo hours ended at 9 a.m. yesterday were follow :-Rockhampton, 94"-72° ; Kristian 74°-05° ; Bustard Head. 84°-79° ; Gatcoinl Head, 00°-72°; St. Lawrence, 95°-07 Mackay, 89°-71° ; Alice, 95°-55°. Yesterday afternoon, says the Toirimril Bulletin of Friday, hy thc courtesy of M N. Davis, Railway Station Master, a rcpn sentative of thc Bulletin hud an oppnrtunit of inspecting thc branch railway linc to til works of thc North Queensland Meat Expoi and Agency Company, on thc banks of Ros River. The line, which branches off fror the |main line at Oonoonba, is a mile and twi chains in length, and is being constructs by thc railway authorities, uudcr Mr. Drury' supervision, at the company's charge. Th grade is to all practical purposes level, si that there were no engineering difficulties U be surmounted. There are two bridges alnm the track, one 60 ft. long and the other 64 ft They ore well constructed, and have addi tional protection to withstand the rush o flood water, while another feature is thal they ure provided with decking in ordci that, when such may be necessary, horse power may bc used for haulage. The work bas been well done, and Mr. Drury expects to put thc finishing touch on the linc to day. Yesterday the train conveyed a large quantity of machinery to thc works, and an opportunity was given of noting the great progress made by the contractor, Mr. M'Callum Park, since the time of thc recent flood. All the buildings are now in a forward state, and Mr. Park hopes to finish up in about a couple of months' time ; hut opera- tions will start at thc works before then. The sheep slaughtering houBC, with its ad- juncts, as well as the cattle slaughtering house, is almost completed. The' boiler and engine-house are also rapidly approaching completion. The walls ore nearly all finished, the iron principals in position, and thc large chimney stack is making good way. When built it will be 135 ft. high from the founda- tions. The freezing and cooling chambers are in the same forward state, while the pre- serving room and large workshoparecompleted. It was noted also that the Btock-vards arc nearing a finish, and that the work is of the most substantial and permanent character. One engine for the freezing room is already on the ground, and more machinery is follow- ing, and this will be erected without delay. The extent of thc various buildings, and indeed of the whole establishment, shows what an important industry this freezing will be in our midst when in full going order. 