THE KANAKA LABOUR QUESTIOIN. Mr. W. Kinnaird Rose, who is at present in EIdinbugrh, writing onthe 16th of March to a friend in Brisbane, discusses pretty freely the latest news to hand from Queeneland. Con cerningtbe coloured-laosur question he says : I go heart and soul jp for the new policy of land-grant railways (I Always was a thorough believer in them) and an eteension of Poly nesian labour. We cannot afford to allow Northern Queensland and great part of Central Queensland and the Wide Bay district to revert to a jungle, and six millions of capital in machinery and probably ten millions in culti vation improvements to be contiscated destroyed, all because Lane, Hincholiffe, and Co. (I me these names to describe a systelem, not in an offensive personal sense) have issued a ukase, "There shall be no more immigrants -Italian, German, Danish-nor any coloured labourers--kanakas, Javanese, Japanese, Chinese, or Hindoos." Read all history and you find that agriculture everywhere cannot bear the wages of manufacturlng industry, and it is impossible (as impossible as it would be to regulate sunrise) to create regulations by State or trade combination which would give or afford the same rate of pay to the tillers of the soil as to the diggers for coal or gold, or the makers of clothesOpr furniture, &c.; To black labour per & I never Lad the alightest objection in Queensland or elsewhere. On philosophic grounds I think a permanevnt black element or strain in the pop lation of Australia would be a crime aganst futurity-the parent of terrible race feuds and other dangers. Those who think otherwise should read what is going on in America about the negro, and what the beat thinkers, sociolo gists and politicians, there are writing and dreading. But the material conquest of Aus tralia cannot be delayed, and will not be averted (malgrvd Lane, Hinchcliffe, and Co.) by a philosophic doubt or the possible struggle of many generations hence. Then labourers, black or brown, being necessary, their immi gration-either by contract or by recruiting must be made absolutely safe from fraud and compulsion, or cruelty. Amnplesupervision of engagement should secure this, if agents of character and paid a nsufficient salary to rpoist the ansuspicion of corruption or favouritism be employed. Then there should be careful supervision of the labourers on the different plantation districts by Go eroment inspectors, tell paid and of good character, like the "pro tectors"in the West Indies. These being se cured, I would cover Northern (tropical) Queensland with laebourers, and in ten years you would see a revenue from that country twice as large as is derived now from all Queensland. Let anyone who scoffs at coloured labour and what it can do under white supervision, with the interests of the natives " protected," take a journey to Java. Thie run up country in Java was to rme a revelation. There is not an acre without a crop or in course of preparation for one. The people happy, cheerful, ever laughing, joyous, sienging, eating. God bless me i the little children have a string tied round their little benjies to keep them frot eating too muchl. That is, there is food everywhere-(no poverty as seenms to be present in Australia just now, and as, heaven knows, too prevalent to heartbreak in every town in this old country) -and tile little kids would eat, and do eat, until the string becomes too tight to be conm fortalle. Ahl, mre ! down in the sluons where I was during the frost and the snow, I could not help thinking of these happy Javanese laughing their days away and shlouting at play in the rivers or lagoons, and contrasting their lot with the poor, wretched, lhungry- eyed, lank-limbed, starving, miserable lbeings who exist under the shadlow of the luxury of West Endism. I he other niglht it was 14deg. below cero, or 46deg of frost, and that night I saw little children who sought repose on bare flags and covered by the thinnest of rags! There is nothing to me so terrible as cold, and yet I have seen urchins seemingly quite happy under bare feet and a ventilating sahirt when i could not keep warm in furs. 