TO-DAY, AriiiL i. Mestixos. 8 p.m., Belmont State School, Mr. Dickson's address to the electors, 8 p.m., Museum Library, Royal Geographical Society of Australasia. SroiiTiNo.- , , 5 p.m., Nominations close for Breakfast Creek Pony and Galloway Races. Entertainments. 8 p.m., Gaiety Theatre, "Barnes of New York," 8 p.m., Opera House, 31 has." To-night, Protestant Hall, Tableaux Vivants. Sun and Moon, Sun rises, Girl am.; sets, 5,55 p.m. Moon rises, 1,22 p.m.; sets, 11.21 p.m. First quarter, Jill April, at '143 pm. Same day Auction. Messrs. King and King, at their Rooms, at Eleven o'clock : Unredeemed Pledges, The Bailiff of the Small Debts Court, on the Premises, Chelmer, near the Railway Station, at Eleven o'clock : Household Furniture, etc. Messrs. Cameron Bros., at their Real Property Mart, at Eleven o'clock : Shares, Suburban Property, Act. It is understood that the March rents are coming in in a satisfactory manner, but owing to the fact that several of the most important agents have neglected to make complete their returns the statistics are not yet available for publication. The amount collected at the Toowoomba Land Office up to Wednesday (says the Toowoomba Chronicle) amounted to £2293 11s. 7d., made up as follows: Under the Act of 1876, £957 16s. 1d.; under the Act of 1884 agricultural farms, 1184 (6s. Id.; grazing farms, £151 9s. 6d. There is still about £1500 to come in. A sad fatality is reported to have occurred at Woody Point on Friday. Our informant, Mr. J. Pass, of the Great Western Hotel, states that at about 4.30 p.m. two ladies, Mrs. Emily Mill and Mrs. Harriett Morrison, went bath- ing. They were accompanied by Edith Wild, waitress, who entered the water with them. She had not been in long before she got out of her depth, and was carried away by the receding tide. All the assistance possible at the time was rendered, but it was of no avail. Mr. Pass procured a boat and rowed about the spot where the unfortunate girl had been last seen, but he could find no trace of her. He is of opinion that her body was carried out to sea. Mrs. Mill had a narrow escape herself. She also got out of her depth, but Mrs. Morrison was able to draw her back to shallow water again. The following figures given by Mr. H. H. Hayter, the Victorian Government Statist, show the enumerated population of each of the colonies of Australasia at about the end of the first quarter of 1891, together with the annual increase per cent during the last decade: Victoria population 1,140,405, increase per cent 2-83; New South Wales population 1,132,281, increase per cent 4-12 ; Queensland population 393,718, increase per cent 4-28, South Australian population 320,431, increase per cent 1-30 ; Western Australia population 49,783, increase per cent 5-30 ; Tasmania population 14,07, increase per cent 2-40 ; New Zealand population G20,G5S, increase per cent 2-19; total population of Australasia, 3,80( 895, total increase per cent 3-34. The body of the little girl, Annie Bookings, who was accidentally drowned in the Brisbane River near the ferry at Montague-road on Wednesday afternoon, was recovered off the North Quay on Saturday morning. Petitions have been' filed in the Supreme Court for the liquidation of the following estates Thos. Logan, trading as Thos. Logan and Son, boot and shoe dealer, of Toowong ; liabilities, £4409 13s. 3d. Patrick M'Auliffe, Frederick Brandenburg, and Neils Neilson, trading as M'Auliffe, Brandenburg, and Co., grocers and produce dealers, of Brisbane and Sandgate; liabilities, £1000. The first meeting of creditors in Logan's estate will be held at the office of Mr. E. Winter, solicitor, Brisbane, on the 19th instant, and in M'Auliffe, Brandenburg, and Co.'s estate at the office of Messrs. Unmack and Fox, solicitors, Brisbane, on the 20th instant. At a meeting of the Central Council of the Workers' Political Organisation, held at the Trades Hall on Friday evening, the following resolution was unanimously adopted "Having consulted the Bulimba electors and they having decided not to put forward a labour candidate, we ask all workers to support Mr. O. B. Fitzgerald in his advocacy of 'white Queensland and one man one vote.' " It was also decided to hold meetings at the various centres throughout the electorate in favour of the candidate. The rainfall at the Enoggera reservoir for the twenty-four hours ending at 9 o'clock on Saturday morning was 8 points, and the water was level with the bywash. At the Gold Creek reservoir 33 points of rain has fallen during the previous twenty-four hours, the water being about half-an-inch over the bywash this morning. We have received from Mr. P. C. Poulsen, photographer, a photograph of the notorious man Deeming. The picture is from one taken by a Rockhampton artist during Deeming's stay in that' place, and is doubtless a good one. Mr. Pouslen announces that he has a number of copies for sale. A most enjoyable concert and ball was held in the Centennial Hall on Friday night by the employees of Hunter's boot factory in aid of the widow of their late shop mate, Mr. W. J. Lyne. A good audience was present, and the programme was thoroughly appreciated. The overture by Miss M'Crystal (piano) and Mr. M'Kennariey (violin) was excellent, as were the efforts of Mr. R. Robottom, who gave " Friar of Orders Grey and " The Old Turnkey." Mr. J. Johnson's comic songs were amusing, and the two quartettes by male voices were loudly applauded. One of the features of the concert werethesongs given by Mr. Bert Stenner, " The Masher King," and "I caught it," the audience insisting on an encore. Mr. M. Honan contributed an Irish jig and clog dance, Mr. H. P. Nash " The Powder Monkey and Mr. E. C. James, " I'm a true born Irishman." Great interest was shown in the acrobatic feats by Mr. A. Toyne, who received hearty applause. After the concert the hall was cleared for dancing. The committee drained every effort to make the affair as enjoyable as possible, and are pleased with its successful issue. For some time past his Excellency the Governor has contemplated a visit to the extreme Northern parts of the colony. Arrangements have now been definitely made for the tour, alK his Excellency will leave Brisbane on the 14th instant, in the Government steamer Lucinda. He will, as far as has been arranged at present, be accompanied by his principal aide-de-camp Captain Strachey, while the representative of the Ministry will be the Hon. A. S. Cowley, Minister for Lands. Should the exigencies of office allow him to do so, Mr. Cowley will accompany the Governor during the whole of the trip. Leaving Brisbane, therefore, on the 13th, it is proposed that the vice-regal party will arrive at Cooktown on the morning of the 19th, proceeding thence to Thursday Island, where they will arrive on the 23rd. The stay there will be short, for it is proposed to leave again the same day, reaching Burketown on the 25th and Norman- ton on the 26th. Two days will be allowed for Normanton and the vicinity, and leaving on the 28th Croydon will be reached the same day. Two days are also allowed there, and leaving on the 30th they will arrive at the Gilbert River the same night. May Day will celebrate his Excellency's arrival at Georgetown, and leaving again on the 3rd the party will arrive at Brooklands station that night. Fossilbrook Creek will be reached on the night of the 4th, and Campbell's Creek on the night of the 5th. The party will arrive at Montalbion on the 6th, at Muldiva on the 7th, and Chillagoe on the 8th, returning to Muldiva the same night. Montalbion will then be revisited, the party arriving there on the night of the 9th, and at Herberton on the 10th. Here two days are allowed for the inspection of the town and the places of interest in the district, and, arriving at Granite Creek on the 13th and Cairns on the 14th, it is proposed to return to Brisbane on the 19th. It will be noticed that in the above programme no mention is made of Townsville. His Excellency has already been to that city, but if the arrangements permit it is quite possible he will call in there again. The journeys overland will be performed by buggy, and Inspector Douglas will superintend the touring arrangements from Normanton back to Cairns. A special meeting of the Diocesan Council was held in the diocesan registry on Friday, 1st instant, at which the Bishop of the diocese presided. There were present The Boy. Canons Glennie and Robinson, the Revs. A. E. David, J. S. Hassall, J. F. Leighton, E. C. Osborn, Manley Power, and M. J. Stone Wigg, the chancellor of the diocese (Mr. G. L. Hart), Mr. W. H. Groom, M.L.A., and Messrs. T. W. Gorman and A. R. H. Pietzcker. On the invitation of the Bishop Dr. Saumerez Smith, Primate of Australia, who was passing through Brisbane on his way to Townsville to attend the enthronement of the Right Rev. Bishop Barlow, was present. The Bishop having introduced the members of the council to the Primate, on their behalf, as representatives of the diocese, offered him a very cordial welcome on this his first visit to the colony, stating that they regarded this as merely a passing visit, and expressed the hope that they would ere long have an opportunity of giving him a more formal and public welcome. The Primate expressed his pleasure at meeting the council of the diocese, and endorsed the hope expressed by the Bishop. He remained for some time, and took part in the discussion of questions before the council. An application for six months' leave of absence from the diocese was granted to Mr. J. H. Buckeridge, the diocesan architect, who proposes to visit Sydney. He will, however, still be able to proceed with diocesan architectural work during his absence. The attention of the council was chiefly engaged on two draft canons which will be submitted to Synod at the approaching session. The Primate left for Townsville on Saturday by the Arawatta. Mr. Paul F. Snowdowne, secretary of the Queensland Protection League, writes as follows :-" Referring to the statement in this morning's Colin's' that the president, one of the vice-presidents, and the treasurer of the Protection League have declared their intention to hand in their resignations unless the resolution espousing Mr. Fitzgerald's Candide turn is either seriously modified or rescinded altogether,' I am directed by the president (Mr. A. Midson to inform you that in so far as he is concerned there is no truth whatever in the statement referred to." The monthly meeting of the Toombul Divisional Board was held on Saturday last. The board were notified of the payment of the endowment on last year's rates, amounting to £820. Accounts amounting to £107 5s. 2d. 1 were passed for payment. of Pony owners are reminded that nominations close this afternoon at 5 p.m. for the Pony and Galloway Races, to be held on Saturday next 9th instant, programme of which appears in our advertising columns. Owing to the inclemency of the weather the race meeting announced to be held at Breakfast Creek on Saturday afternoon has been postponed to Thursday next. The last three nights of the present season of Miss Maggie Moore and her dramatic company at the Opera House are announced To night they will appear in Melissa a drama sation of one of Bret Harte's works, and Jude ing by their previous success in a piece of the same character, the performance should be well worth seeing. ' At the suggestion of several of those who took part in the performance of the late recital of the comic opera "Fayette," it has been determined to repeat the recital on Wednesday next at the Protestant Hall, at the uniform price of admission or one shilling. a notice to that effect appears in our advertising columns. b Under the Bills of Sale Act of 1891 it was necessary that all hitherto secret bills of sale should be registered between 1st January and 31st March of this year. In consequence of the numerous registrations during the past few days, over 600, representing over £1,000,000 will appear in the current issue of Hall's Mercantile Gazette." Owing to the pressure of work thus occasioned the " Gazette" could not be got out on Saturday, as usual, but it will appear this morning. At 2.45 a.m. on the 28th March (says the Rockhampton Bulletin) an alarm of fire was raised, and it was found that the building formerly known as the Cosmopoli inn Hotel were ablaze. The premises being very old the fire quickly spread, and by the time the brigade arrived had obtained complete mastery of the building. Seeing this, the fire brigade confined their efforts to preventing the fire spreading to the neighbouring houses. Fortunately there was no wind ; had the strong breeze which was blowing in the afternoon continued up to the time of the fire there is not the slightest doubt one of the largest conflagrations ever seen in Rockhampton would have resulted, as there was an exceedingly poor pressure of water. A few weeks ago a bundle of notes containing, it is stated, about £60, was stolen from the London Chartered Bank (says the Townsville Bulletin). Suspicion at once fell upon a China- man, who had been in the bank making inquiries with reference to money matters; but as it was almost impossible to identify the notes nothing could be done. Yesterday the Fame Chinaman attempted to change a So- note at another bank, and he was advised to try the London Chartered Bank, but on being watched was seen to evade that institution. The police were then communicated with, and a search made of the suspected individual and his premises, but only a small sum was discovered in his possession. The San Francisco papers have (says the Argus) been giving some attention to the case of an adventurer named Madison, who seems to have Deeming's partiality for constantly seeking out wives and quickly getting rid of them, but in a harmless way. His l»idjt victim, Mrs. Lucinda Dawes, a respeoHplo widow, of BImira, learned that her husband had recently married another widow, at St. Louis, and robbed and deserted her at Cleve- land while on her wedding trip. Soon after he appeared at Elmira. He straightway won the other widow's heart, and she married him two days later. At his instance she then sold her effects, and gave him the money, as they were about to start for San Miguel, California, where, as he said, he owned a fine fruit farm. Madison went out to buy tickets and never came back, Mrs. Dawes, learned that Madison had been in California' under the name of Anderson, and that he had deserted a young wife there after robbing her, besides swindling others out of £1000. He went to Germany, found his wife's mother, who lives there, and was about to get hold of her money when she received a warning through a letter from her daughter. Then he appeared in Chicago, not another confiding woman, and married her under the pretence of owning 1200 acres of land in Michigan. She shared the fate of her predecessors. Since his original marriage in San Miguel and between that and his marriage to Mrs. Dawes, Anderson married a Danish immigrant girl at Cherokee, Iowa. He went with her to Omaha, where he robbed her of her money and deserted her. He went east, and at Hoboken met another young Danish woman. Learning that she had considerable money, he married her. He was living with her in Boston while he was corresponding with Mrs. Dawes. While he was in correspondence with Mrs. Dawes he married a widow who lived in Kansas City, got Ç2G0 of her money and disappeared, and also married a woman in Galena, 111., who was treated in like manner. His sixth victim was Mrs. Dawes. The St. Louis widow seems to have been the only one of Anderson's dupes who set to work to hunt the fellow down. She put detectives on his track, and he was found in Albany in a. fair way to secure his seventh victim in that city in the person of a well-to-do widow. He was arrested, and placed in goal in Cleveland. Five of his wives signified their intention to appear against him when he comes to trial. His original and only legal wife obtained a divorce from him two years ago. The Dairy Committee and pupils at Gin Gin were so charmed (says a correspondent) with the manner in which Messrs. M'Cormick and Watson imparted instruction to every visitor to the dairy that they determined to give them a send-off well worthy of the Queensland farmer. Accordingly a banquet and ball were cryon at Land's Hotel, Gin Gin, on the 23rd March. It would be invidious to make any comparison about the ladies' dresses, as all were most taste full v attired. At the banquet, over which Mr. A. F. Walker presided, the toast of the dairy manager and his assistant was received with great enthusiasm. Mr. Walker said he considered Mr. P. M'Lean had done a very wise thing in sending the Travelling Dairy cattle very homes of the selectors, who were thus enabled to send their wives and daughters to benefit by the instruction imparted, in re- sponding to the toast of his health, -or. M'Cormick said he was delighted to hear these expressions of thanks from the (jar um Dairy Committee, and was only too pleased to congratulate the pupils upon he success attained, as was evidenced from the superior quality of the cheese made at home without his supervision. Some very comPeTE remarks with reference to the work done by Mr. M'Cormick and assistant were made by Messrs. M'Carthy, Dear, Duncan, and other-, but the speech of Mr. Maynard, in formally tendering to Mr. M'Cormick the thanks of the people of Gin Gin. caused a considerable amount of amusement. The Travelling Dairy is now at work at Mount Perry, and will conclude operations there on the 7th instant, in order that the selectors at South Come see receive the same amount of instruction as given in other places in the Burnett district. Pbotectios more Cough Proper warren" necessary for the preservation of health for young and old. By sending an order to Finney Isles, and Co., Brisbane, with remittance of over amount, a pair of excellent, port, wine blankets will be sent by retuerce!po-t to any address in the colony. FirtgTiar0e -a , . single beds, with postage included, is. . extra quality, 15s. 3d. per pair; mpeJ«J3^. for three-quarter beds, for 15s. 9d. and 18s a superfine, for double beds, 19s. 6d. and - * extra superfine, largest size, for double wa with plenty to tuck in all round, 23s. 6d., in and 35s.; superior quality, State WE size, It 50s.,andGOsfperpair. Residents.«««heconntr^ by comparing the fine beat-giving We value of Finney. Wei!«3^^^« the poor quality usually sold at the same higher prices, will find the efforts astonishing as satisfactory. office will be easily detected by thj«*«*^^ appearance of the inside. Customs To outside the radius of the parcels post do every should avail themselves of it totters point it reaches, where they could send xw their parcels. [Advt 