EMIGRANTS' CHANCES IN . ' AMERICA. Mr. - Sadler, British Consul at Chicago, in tho course of a recent report on labor in Ulinois and the adjacent States, makes some important observat ions on tbe chances of emigrants in tho States of which Chicago may bo said to lie the centre. Reports, he says, are widely spread as to the high remuneration of labor there, hut they are frequently delusive. The wages paid should be considered ill connection with the irregularity of employment and the cost of living. Of late years large numbers of immi grants havo ilockcd to the district from all parts of the world. Many of them not speak ing the language, and coming from countries where the prieo of labor is low, are willing to work for small wages, and the labor market, especially at Chicago, is ut the present time overcrowded. Many who leave regular employment, however poor and ill-paid, in thoir own country, iu tho hope of bettering themselves and honestly wishing to work, find themselves in the position of tramps.. Again, work is harder and rules more rigid. Everything is done with a rush, and tho wear and tear is greater. The agri cultural districts do not hold out much in ducement. - Even if agricultural labor is better paid tliau at home, it is extremely irregular. There is still, however, a large quantity of good laud to be had in agricul tural localities ; if a mail will be content to cultivate, say, 40a. well, he could live comfort ably and perhaps save a little. Tho famous fancy bread of Vienna is a sub ject of war just now in the Austrian capitai. Cafdkcepers havo liithorto sold it 011 commis sion nud returned tlie unsold pieces to tlie bakers, who know how to make it seem as new as cvor. A scare has been floated that the bread ill this process becomes full of all kinds of horrible germs. Ilenco the bakers' determination to sell outright only, and the revolt of the hotelkeepers. In the sitting of the Folketliing 011 October 4 the Minister of Finance brought forward tho Danish Budget for 1893-4. He estimated a surplus of 1,300,000 kroner. _ No fresh credit is demanded for the fortifications of Copenhagen beyond smoll amounts for the mounting of guns and cost of maintenance. 