Cable Brevities. Is addition to tlie Messages we print above, the following items were also sent by cable during the past week from our London correspondent : — Habby Fabhax, an English cyolist, has won. the French bicycle championship. Cbkditobs of the New Oriental Bank will bo paid a dividend of about 4s in the £ about the middle of January. refused admission to Tittensor Chase, one of the family residences, by order of the new Duke of Sutherland, her stepson. It is contended by the Dowager Duchess that it was the last wish of the late Duke that she should make tbatlpace her per manent abode. Legal proceedings are expected. The skeletons of five human beings have been, found in a cellar in Whitechapel, London. Chabxes Mitchell, the English pugilist, has been sentenced to two months' imprisonment, with hard labour, for assaulting an old man. The death is announced of the Very Rev. Edward Bickersteth, D.D., Dean of Lichfield. He was the author of a number of ecclesiastical publications. .a. .DEiiLJ-N ua.HK.er tiitmeu. u-jvv/y uaa inxu. sentenced to two and a half years' imprisonment for fraudulent bankruptcy. The barque Golden Horn, bound from New castle to San Pedro, has been wrecked at Santa Hosa Island, off the coast of Southern California. The crew escaped in the boats. Mb. Thohas Woolitee, the eminent sculptor, has died of heart disease. Befeebujg to the balance-sheet of the Mercan tile Bank of Australia, Mr. Stewart considers that the grouping of bills receivable with other ad vances is misleading. The total owed to unsecured creditors in London is £1,036,000, of which £998,000 consists of deposits. Ix commenting upon the proceedings of the Mercantile Bank of Australia, the London Jicotiomist'Ba.ys that the money of English deposi tors has been wasted in wholesale gambling. It is surprised at the kardihooi of Sir Matthew Davies's assertions, and considers that the trans actions of the bank should come before the tribunals of justice. The steamer Sonthern Cross, owned by the new Australian Freight Association, sailed from Lon don on Monday with 7000 tons of cargo for Aus tralia. She is chartered to take back 4000 tons of aickel from Noumea, and 7000 tons measure ment cargo of wool from Sydney- and Mel bourne. Dubing the month of September the imports into Great Britain decreased £2,600,000, and the ex ports decreased £1,700,000. Pbofessob Pickebhtg, pf Harvard, the Ameri . can astronomer, asserts that he has discovered 40 Email lakes in the planet Mars. The liabilities of the firm of Redf era, Alexan der, and Co., of London, which recently suspended business, are estimated at £400,000. A change in the ownership of the Fall Mall Gazette having been made, the editor and assistant editor nave determined to resign their positions. \- It is understood that they dislike the intended \- i-knm in the aolicv of One narmr. ? Coijot D'AtJBiairr, the French Envoy in Morocco, has been accorded an interview with the Sultan at Fez. Six ontiaws, forming a notorious gang of des peradoes in America, known as the Dalton gang, have robbed Hie bank at Coffeyvule, Kansas. They killed four bank clerks, and wounded three citizens. Five of the gang were killed, the leader included. The United States Government has secured possession of an area of 25 acres, situated at Pago Pago Harbour, Samoa, for the purposes of a coal ing station. The cost was £1000. * In an address delivered before the Church Con gress at Folkestone, Dr. Moerhouse, formerly Bishop of Melbourne, implied that the proportion of criminal convictions in Victoria was increasing owing to the want of religious education in the schools. Secular education, he said, had proved powerless to diminish the 'number of crimes,' for the most serious crimes were committed by the best educated criminals. He prayed that the rulers of the colony would turn their backs upon the desolating secular system which left so many moral wrecks in its train. It is alleged that £1400 of the funds of the English Seamen's and Firemen's Union has been embezzled, and that at the head office £11,000 has been spent in salaries, while only £2000 has been devoted to the relief of shipwrecked members and the payment of sickness and death claims. The Democratic candidate has been elected Governor of the State of Florida (U.S.A.). It is reported that the Marquis of Ripon has informed the Anti-Slavery Society's deputation, which protested against the kanaka labour immi gration into Queensland, that in his opinion the safeguards provided by the Queensland Govern ment are sufficient to prevent abuses. The missionary fund established in connection frith the baptist Centenary in England amounts to £95,000. It is expected that Mr. Algernon Charles Swinburne will be the next Poet Laureate. These is a growing agitation in France against the protective tariff, especially as it affects wool. In America the Democrats have carried the election for the Governor of the State of Georgia by a majority of 70,000 votes. The London Times condemns the British Post Office authorities for declining to renew the mail contract via Sari Francisco. Peestdent Habbison has instructed the Ameri can delegates to the International Monetary Con ference to endeavour to obtain the best terms pos sible in regard to the joint use of gold and silver. Despite recent legislation permitting such marriages, the Bishop of Capetown has forbidden the clergy of his diocese to celebrate marriage with a deceased wife's sister. The final estimate of the British wheat crop is 18 per cent, below the average yield, and the storms which usually occur in October are likely to render it still worse. Afzul has seized the throne of his late father, the Mehtar of Chitral, ruler of a native Indian State on the north-western frontier, almost at the base of the Pamir Plateau. Afzul declares himself a friend of England. W. G. East, the holder of the Searle Memorla Cup, has returned the trophy to the trustees, who offer it to be rowed for by English and Australian scullers over the Thames championship coutse in December. ' A monstee procession to Glasnevin Cemetery, Dublin, was held on Sunday, on the occasion of the anniversary of the death of Mr. C. S. Parnell. Is referring to the cable subsidy question the London Times says it is difficult to see how Queensland can hold aloof any longer from the Telegraphic Convention. The St. Petersburg journals publish account of the Russian movements in Central Asia, from which it is implied that Colonel Yanoff intends to maintain small garrisons along the new frontier commanding one of the three possible routes to India. The London Financial Times states that Mr. E. G. Fitzgibbon will shortly issue a Melbourne Metropolitan Board of Works 4 per cent, loan of £1,000,000 with a minimum of 95. It also states that the amount of the loan has been safely placed, principally in Scotland. Me. Fitzgibbon declines either to deny or con firm the statement. It is believed that Chili has placed a loan of £3,000,000 on the London market. . Consequent on the unfavourable reports of the harvest the price of English wheat is Is dearer per quarter, and foreign wheat is 6d dearer. Vibcount Beidpoet, a descendant of Nelson, is about to visit New Zealand. A duke, who is a member of the National Sporting Glub of England, has offered a purse of £3000 for a match between Jackson and Cor bett. Advices received from Calcutta state that a revolt has taken place among the Chin Lushai tribe, near Fort 'White. Many sepoys were mur dered. It is feared that the rebel natives will attack Dimlo. The Rev. Thomas Spurgeon preached his fare well sermon at the Metropolitan Tabernacle on, October 9. There was an affecting scene, many of the congregation crying out ' God bless you !' and ' Return again.' The Emperor William of Germany is visiting the Emperor Francis Joseph of Austria. On her trial trip the Miowera, Messrs. Huddart, Parker, and Co.'s' new steamer, of the New Zealand and Australasian Steamship Company's service, attained an average speed of 17 knots per hour. In London companies are being formed to in troduce into Victoria, South Australia, and New Zealand, the Danish milking machine of Neilsen's patent. * In addressing the meeting of the Congregational Union of England and Wales, Mr. J. Keir Hardie, Gladstonian LabourM.P. for West Ham, declared that the Churches preached only to the respectable, -and forgot the writhing, suffering' mass of humanity. r Men and women, he declared, were being driven into hell without a helping hand. Ministers interrupted the speaker with declarations that his statement was false. Theee is good competition at the London wool sales, with firm prices for medium to better wools, but for faulty sorts rates are still weak. Sib Henbt Agle, h*% been appointed com mander of H.M.S. Rapid, one of the vessels on the Australian station. Chicago, which in 1830 only possessed a popu lation of 70 persons, now contains 1,300,000 inhabitants. The city extends along the line of Halstead-street for 21| miles, and from east to west at the broadest point it is 10 J miles. 