EPITOME OF CABLE NEWS. [ODE SPECIAL MESSAGES.] LONDON, February 8. Tenders were opened to-day for the Western Australian Government loan of £250,000, bearing 4 per oent interest, the minimum of which was fixed at 99. The total amount tendered was £288,000, but it is understood that the balance will be taken up at the minimum price. The average price realised for the Western Australian Government loan of £250,000 (only £228,000 of which was subscribed), was £99 2s. The London and Westminster Bank, which issued the loan, has taken up the un subscribed balance at the minimum price (£99). Later. In conuectiou with the floating of the West Australian loan it appears that the subscribed portion was largely applied for by the public. The opinion in the city is that the difficulty experienced in seouring the full subscription to the loan should act as a warning to the other oolonies. The body of the late Kev. C. H. Spurgeon reached London from Mentoue to-day, and r* a escorted by a procession from the Vic <a Railway Station to the Metropolitan VwOemaolo tn the City-road, where the religioue services, which will extend over several days prior to the funeral, were begun. The World st&tos; that the Queen has con sented to the interment of the remains of the late Duke o! Clarence at Sandringham as de sired by the Prince of Wales. The Bight Hon. Joseph Chamberlain, M.F. for Birmingham, has been elected successor to the Marquis of Hartington as leader of the Liberal Unionist party. The late Mr. Alfred Cellier has bequeathed the Australian musical rights of Gilbert and Collier's eomic opera "The Mountebanks" to Mi- Nellie Stewart, who has arranged with Mr. Gilbert respecting the libretto. Mr. George Mnsgrove has purohased the Austra lian rights of the burlesque "Blue-eyed Bwimi. Great preparations are betas made by the Salvation Army for the reception of General Booth on bis return bom his tour tn Austra lasia and India. Among the functions two dinners will be held in London, at each of whloh 6000 Salvationists will be present, and one'in Birmingham, to celebrate the General's return. Captain David Gray will despatch one whaling vessel, and possibly two, to the Antarctic aeas in August next. The scheme lately suggested by Mr. J. Astley Cooper lor holding periodical Pan Britannic athletio and other contests is being Strongly supported by Harvard College, tn the United 8tates, The sheep-shearing machine invented by Mr. Newall has been tried at Ongar, and the trial is reported to have been very success ful. The treatment accorded to Chili by Presi dent Harrison has alienated the sympathies of .11 the Central sod South American re publics. Q?he death is announced of the Count de Launay, Italian Ambassador at Berlin, from tnflaenau References to the death of the Rev. C. H. Spurgeon were universal at the aorvioes in the churches and chapels throughout the country yesterday. The service in connection with Mr, Spurgeon's funeral will be oondncted by the Bev. Archibald Brown. The complete returns of the oensus for the whole oflndla show the total population to be 288,000,000. The Arahduke Front Salvator, heir pre sumptive to the throne of Austria- Hungary, is suffering from an attack of influent*. 1 Mr. Blaine has published a letter refusing to aooept the candidacy for the position of Praddent of the United States. The Khedive Abbas has conferred decora :tit>ns upon the French Minister at Cairo and the Admiral and offioers of tile French Squadron, which lately prooeeded to Egypt ito salute the new Khedive on his aocession to the throng- An Italian squadron will also visit Alexandria, and will formally salute the -,new Khedive when the Russian fleet has Btriffwl there* , Count liiinburg Sttrum hu been dismissed from the German service for having publicly criticised the commercial treaties recently con cluded, by Germany with other Central European nations. The offioera in the Bavarian Guards have beendegraded from their rank for cruelty to the men under their command. '. ®he strike of engineers in England is stll Spreading, and 22,000 additional men have now gone ont. Tfip. London Press is unanimous in the ex -pntslon of opinion as to the genuine success .achieved . by. Miss Nellie Stewart in the burleequfe of " Blue-eyed Susan." News has beta received of the destruction of fire last night of Hie Royal Hotel, which ;was situated at the corner of Fortieth-street and Sixth-avehu6, New York. Two hundred guests and employees are reported to have [been burnt to death, while many wen killed by jumping from the windows of the build ing.' Later information concerning the de struction of the Banal Hotel in New York states that the hullaing was a six storied one, And the fits* originated .in . the cellar, but quickly spread upwards until the whole of the buildlug was fn names. The terrible loss of 41fe as at first reported appears, however, to have been considerably exaggerated, and it is now estimated that 100 persons were killed. Some frightful soenes ware witnessed in con nection with the attempts of. the persons in the'burning buildings to escape. Later. Five bodies have now been recovered from the ruins, hut sixty-nine persons are still missing. Twenty- four persons have been more or leas injured, and eighty-one effected their escape from the burning building. The watohmnn of the hotel is stated to have been intoxicated at the time, London, February 9. . It is announced that the Earl of Glasgow will suooeed Lord Onslow as Governor of New Zealand. Mr. 8amuel Storey, M.P. for Sunderland, has been awarded £50 damages in his action for libel against the Smdtfumi Pott. The case arose out of the Silkworth oolliery evio-. tions some rime ago. Lord Carrlngten la h candidate for a seat in, the London- County Council for West St. Panares, and has had a very hearty reception there. Mrs. Gladstone has recovered from the attack of Influents from which she has lately bttn suffering. Mr. WhltpUw Reld, United States Minister at Paris, is suffering from influenza. The political patty in the Argentine Re public neaded by Generals Mitre and Rooa has obtained a majority in the Legislature. Sir J. S. D. Thompson, Canadian Minister of Justioe, has gone to Washington with the object of arranging the reciprocity treaty with the United States, but it is ieareia that the mission will be fruitless. In oonsequence of the prevalence of foot and mouth disease, the Right Hon. Henry Chaplin, President of the Board of Agricul ture, has prohibited the importation of oattle from Holland, and has closed the live stock market. Germany IB also declared to be in fected with foot and mouth disease. The German Reichstag has ratified the postal convention arranged at the Inter national Congress at Vienna last year. Billy M*Carthy, the Australian middle weight pugilist, defeated Ted White, the English middleweight, tn thirteen rounds, at the National Sporting Club lest night, for a purse of £200 subscribed by the olul>. Tbe fight lasted fifty minutes, White being kuooked out in the thirteenth round. During tbe evening Tommy Williams, the champion lightweight pugilist, who recently defeated George Dawson in the Melbourne Athlstlo Club, boxed with his brother Billy. Joe Burrows, the trainer of Williams, also gave an exhibition. They all received an ovation. News has been received that a sleeping oar I riage attached to the express train running be I tween Bucharest, tbo capital of Roumanla, and Braila caught fire, and eighteen passengers lost their livos. The Right Hon. W, E. GladBtono, who has been sojourning in the Bouth of Franoe during the winter months, intends returning to Eng land on Saturday week. Isolated crbcb of foot-and-mouth disease in cattle have been discovered in various parts of the outskirts of London. LONDON, February 10. It is expected that the Pope, prior to ap pointing a successor to the late Archbishop of Westminster, will divide England into two ecclesiastical provinces. Four more Anarchists have been executed at Xeree, iu Spain. There is considerable cxcitement in consequence of the operations of the Anarchists. A bomb was exploded at Barcelona yesterday, and rioting haB taken plaoe at Zamora. It is intended to increase the Russian Naval Squadron in the Pacific to eleven ships, not including minor vessels. F. ]'. Slavin will fight to a finish with a local pugilist at New Orleans on the 2nd March. LONDON, February 11. The funeral of the Rev. Charles H. Spurgeon took place to-day. The procession was a tre mendous one, and included 100 vehicles con taining mourners. A large number of the shops on the line of route were closed, while many were draped in black, and muffled peals of bells were rang. The Right Rev. Dr. Randall Davidson, Bishop of Rochester, pro nounced the benediction and the ceremony was an impressive one. Many cheques to be de voted to charitable purposes were received in lieu of wreaths. Dr. Hereon in his address at the grave described Mr. Spurgeon as the greatest divine for the past hundred years. The importation of Danish cattle into Eng land has been prohibited on account of the prevalence of foot-and-mouth disease. The death is announoed of Lieutenant Colonel James Augustus Grant, the African explorer. The Shipping Federation, fearing an exten sion of the strike of ooal porters in London, are hastily making arrangements for the load ing and discharging of tneir vessels by free labour. Lord Carrington, in his speech at Liverpool, stated that the arrangement with the Austra lasian Colonieswith regard to the Auxiliary Squadron was not likely to be renewed. Lord Jersey, Governor of New South Wales, in a letter just published, expresses the opinion that the proposal to hold periodio Pan Britannia contests deserves the fullest con sideration and discussion. The marriage was celebrated yesterday of Captain Parsons and Miss Julia Areher, daughter of Mr. Thomas Archer, late Agent General for Queensland. ' A large number of Nihilists have been ar rested at Poltowa, in Russia. ! A loan of £1,000,000 has been issued locally bjr the Government of the Cape of Good Hope, minimum price being fixed at 96. The fire which recently broke out in the ancient royal palace at Konlgsberg, in Prussia, .has been proved to have been the work of Anarchists. Itisannounced that General Booth faasaelec ted Cane Colony as the location of his oversea colony tor the " submerged tenth in England." The Daily Newt, referring to General Booth's visit to the colonies, expresses the opinion that if Australia refuses to receive immigrants her brief record of progress has practically closed. 