Wegraphtc 4pto& GENERAL CABLE NEWS. [BY STJBMAHrNB CABtE.] [From our own Correspoudent. JjOnbon, J&'ebruary 5. The mandarins suspected of complicity in the outages committed upon Christians in the provinces of Mongolia have been dismissed from the service of the Chinese Government. Severer penalties have been inflicted on subordinate officials, and capital punishment is threatened against all who in future molest any Christian subjects ox the Jiinpire, either men a view to plunder or to give vent to their feelings of religious antipathy. The activity of the Socialist organisa tions in several countries of Europe has been renewed with a vigor that is causing serious alarm. Many arrests have been made in Germany, and instructions have been given by the Government for firm measures to be adopted for the suppres sion of seditious meetings. The divers employed in connection with the wreck of the Nord-Deutseher steamer Eider, which foundered in a fog off the Isle of Wight, report that the prospect of restoring the vessel to a serviceable condition is utterly hopeless. It is stated that the fell in the prices of colonial stocks has been owing to the forced sales of those stocks held by the insurance companies to meet the calls upon them in consequence of the mortality attendant on the epidemic of influenza. Symptoms of. foot and mouth disease have been discovered amongst the Danish cattle in the London market. The in fected animals were seized and all further imports into English ports from Denmark have been stopped. Sir John E. Gorst, Q.C., Financial Secretary to the Treasury, in referring to the introduction of the principle of free education at the Board schools of Eng land, said that education was a powerful aid to the development of Tory doctrines among the working classes, and acted as a corrective of the mischievous effects of the growth of socialism. The French courts of civil jurisdiction have decided that it is competent for the Pope to inherit property in France sub ject to the approval of the Government. H.M.S. Victoria has been successfully floated. She has sustained no serious damage, but will at once be docked at Malta. London, February 6. The German Emperor William H. has conferred the order of the Black Eagle on the Marquis di Budini, Premier of Italy, in recognition of his services in nego tiating the recent, commercial treaties between the Powers forming the Triple Alliance, London, February 7. The London Board of Trade returns for January show that the imports have increased by £4,750,000 and that the ex ports have decreased by £750,000. The production of the new piece by Mr. Alfred Plumpton, of Melbourne, en titled ** Blue-eyed Susan,' in which Miss Nellie Stewart assumes the title role, has been attended with success. The news papers speak in favorable terms both of Miss Stewart and Mr. Plumpton, who conducted the orchestra. The Economist publishes a letter from its Melbourne correspondent dealing in scathing terms with the collapse of several financial institutions which took place in that capital in December last. London, February 8. Count de Launay, ambassador for Italy at Berlin, has died from influenza. The following are the latest quotations for the shares of Australasian banks :— Union Bank of Australia, £60. Commercial Bank of Australia, £11* Bank of Australasia, £95. Bank of New Zealand, £6. The screw surveying Dart, 470 tons, commissioned at Auckland, and to the command of which Lieutenant Herbert E. P. Cust has been appointed in succes sion to Lieutenant G. C. Frederick, and the twin screw gunboat Paluma, with Lieutenant George Pirie still in command, have been recommissioned for the Aus tralasian station tor another term. Broken Hill Consols are quoted at 6s. Sir J. F. Garrick, Agent-General for Queensland, expresses a doubt whether; the adverse comments of the financial journals on the proposed issue of Treasury bonds by that colony would have been, passed had the critics been aware of the intention of the Government to provide by means of land sales for the maturity of the bfflB.1 The Venerable W. M. Sinclair, B.D., Archdeacon of London, preached an impressive sermon at St. Paul's Cathedral on Sunday, in wheh he eulogised the character and the ministration of the late Rev. C. H. Spurgeon. The Commission accredited hy the Austrian Government to confer with the governors of the Bank of England con cerning the proposal to introduce a revised gold currency into Austria, have been advised by the 'Right Hon. G. J. Goschen (Chancellor of the Exchequer), the Right Hon. W. Lidderdale, P.C. (Governor of the Bank of England), and Baron Rothschild, notto effect the change too hurriedly. New South Wales and Queensland 4 per cents, have fallen £1. Melbourne Harbor 5 per cent, stock has fallen £1. The Right Hon. Joseph Chamberlain, M.P. for Birmingham West, has been elected leader of the liberal Unionist party in the House of Commons in the place of the Marquis of Hartington, who consequent upon the death of his father has succeeded to the Dukedom of Devon shire. Sir Charles Hall, Q.C., Conservative member for the Chesterton division of Cambridgeshire, has been elected by the Court of Aldermen to the post of Recorder of London, rendered vacant by the death of Sir Thomas Chambers, Q.C. The salary attached to the office is £3,500 a year. Shares in the Bank of South Australia still show an upward tendency and they were sold to-day at £10 10s. A commission appointed by the United States Congress to enquire into the immi gration question has reported that 60 per cent, of the immigrants who arrive in America have their passages prepaid by relatives residing in the Republic. The commission further affirms that there is a systematic deportation of criminals from Great Britain and that the Imperial Government encourages the emi gration of this class of population. Pre ventive measures in respect to these undesirable emigrants are recommended by the commission. The Roman Catholic hierarchy in Canada have prohibited adherents of that (Jliurch from sending their children to schools at -which the children of Protestants are in attendance. London, February 9. A deputation of Ministers of the Dominion of Canada have proceeded on a visit to Washington in order to have an interview with Mr. J. G. Blaine, the American Secretary of State, and to dis cuss the terms of a reciprocal treaty of commerce between the two countries. The Lords of the Admiralty have given directions for H.M.S. Swinger to be sold by auction. The Swinger, formerly at tached to the Australian Station, carries four guns ; her tonnage is 430, and horse power 530. The vessel was ordered home through the discovery of defects in its boiler which rendered it unserviceable. Lord Carrington, late Governor of New South Wales, has announced himself as a candidate for a seat in the London County Council, and in his published address to the ratepayers he avows his willingness to support the principle of levying taxes on the basis of ground values, and of dividing the rates between landlord and tenant. He further proposes to invest the County Council wita power to assume complete control of the supply of gas and water, and to become the owners of the tramways and the markets. r. ., According, to a computation prepared by the statistical ^department of the Kingdom of Italy, the nominal value of all the real estate in the city of Rome is £300,000,000. Share's in the Bank of New South Wales have fallen £1. Mr. J. A. McCall, a member of the Board of Directors and Comptroller of the Equitable life Assurance Society of the United States, has been offered the position of president of the New York Life Insurance Company. The latest consignment of peaches from Cape Colony has arrived in good con dition, though the color of the fruit has been somewhat damaged by the packing. The peaches are selling at 14s. a dozen. Tomatoes from, the Cape are selling at 3d. perlb. \- London, February 10. A report is being circulated that the Pope contemplates dividing the English hierarchy into two provinces for the more convenient administration of ecclesiastical government. The teachers of the public schools in Prussia are, as a body, hostile to the Education Bill now under theconsideration of the Diet, which places the schools under the control of the Roman Catholic clergy. They have been forbidden to ven tilate their views publicly. The Liberal party are bitterly opposed to the measure, which they have succeeded in getting re ferred to a Select Committee. The Morning Tost, referring to the action of the president of the Board of Agriculture in prohibiting the importa tion of cattle from Denmark owing to the prevalence of the foot and mouth disease in that country^ says the frozen meat supplies from Australia will keep prices in London afciheir present level. Relative to the proposal to introduce a revised gold' currency into Austria it is reported that the directors of the Bank of England have agreed to assist with, a loan' of £20,000,000 in gold, two years being allowed for the withdrawal of the gold in order not to disturb the market. The editor of an anarchist journal has been sentenced to 10 months' imprison ment for publishing articles calculated to incite the populace to deeds of pillage and murder. The Russian squadron in the North Pacific is about to be increased, and several large war vessels will shortly be dispatched to Vladivostock. . The Metropolitan Tabernacle inLondon, where the body of the late Rev. C. H. Spurgeon is lying in state preparatory to interment in the Norwood Cemetery to morrow, has -been visited by 60,000 persons. 