REVIEWS. MISSING FRIENDS. "Missing Friends" (T. Fisher Unwin, Lon- don, 312 pp ) forms one of the Adventure Series now being issued by those publishers, and though unlikely to claim much attention as a work of literary art, it will not doubt be read with much interesst by those who care to know what hard life in a new land means. The writer describes his own adventures as a "Danish Emigrant in Queensland" from 1871 to 1880, and though he is by no menas an ideal settler it is to be feared his story is that of far too many men in Australia. arriving at one of the Northern ports absolutely without money, but with a good trade, he quickly finds employ- ment at a rate fair enough for a man of his experience, but soon gathers sufficient knowledge of colonial work and ways to con- sider himself entitled to the current rates. Then, feeling himself able at any time he likes to go back to the towns and make three or four pounds a week, he abandons himself to a roving career, in the course of which he several times falls a prey to the adventurer and the swindler. Then in turn he preys upon others, keeping a grog shanty near Ravenswood until in a drunken spree he reveals the spot where his accumulated wealth is hidden, and is robbed of all his cash. This incident starts him on a prospecting tour in the direction of the Palmer, but like many others he never reaches that supposed El Dorado, being kept back by flooded rivers and want of rations. This, with a bnef period at wages as a carpenter on the Herbert River, and a bitter experience near Townsville, where he enters into paitneiship with another, cutting and cartin hay into the city, and again as carpenter on one of the Darling Downs stations, pretty well completes the story of ten years wanderings in Queensland. During that time the writer, according to his own account, makes many failures through his own foolish- ness and his roving disposition. The reader is apt to wonder (assuming the record to be a reasonably accurate account of what happened to the subject of the story) whether the Danish immigrant ever learned wisdom of any kind, and whether he is still "humping bluey" over Queensland plains or is per adventure amongst the unemployed. Perhaps, for there is evidently a strong vein of chivalry in his nature, he has at length married a wife and "settled down" to work hard, and most likely with but a poor degree of success, to gain for his family some small proportion of the money he a few years back regarded so recklessly. The book, as we said, is likely to be widely read, and though perhaps some of the stories told will be regarded with incredu- lity, it my safely be taken as a fair account of what many men have gone through in the shape of hardship and pviation, suffered too often without the justification that some good end was to be served. The publishers have done their author ample justice in both printing and binding, and the book is well illustrated. "ROUND THE COMPASS IN AUS- TRALIA." This work of Mr. Gilbert Parker (published by G. Hutchinson and Co., London), is a well got up book of about 450 pages, in which Australians may see themselves as others see them or at least as Mr. Gilbert Parker, a Canadian, has seen them and their country. Various parts of the book have previously been published in magazines and newspapers Bright sketchy glimpses of Australian life in its various phases are given; the great industries are described at lenght; and the burning ques- tions of the last few years are discussed from different points of view. There is plenty of local colouring in the sketches, and the author is not to be blamed for dramatising and dressing his narrative in attractive form by introducing imaginary Australians who are not featured quite according to the original pattern. He gives us the facts, and no one will quarrel with him because he has chosen to present them in picturesque form. Mr. Parker is not complimentary to Brisbane. He says, "No, Brisbane is not the least poetical . . . . . Brisbane is in ap- pearance scraggy, low built, and premature. It is far from picturesque as a whole, and first impressions are not changed by closer inspec- tion There is a sense of disappointment, which grows deeper as the sojourn in the capital is continued. . . . . Twenty-five thousand trees would make Brisbane beautiful. They would glorify its nakedness; they would give it altitude, they would bring some- thing of moisture comfort, and health. One gets the impression now of a town that is but half dressed, and what it must be when midsummer has arrived I refuse to conjecture." In writing of the public buildings, the author finds a few worthy of praise. The public means of conveyance in the city also receive a word of praise. The Brisbane horses, Mr. Parker says, are well kept, and travel well. The "carman" and that individual's graphic picture of "Sir Sam'l," is evidently one of the fictional character sketches introduced by way of pleasing variety, or, perhaps, to convey the author's opinions on public men and affairs. Mr. Parker is gracious enough to say that "For quiet comfort, Brisbane leads the colo- nies in the matter of hotels." Several other compliments are paid to our insititutions, and the chapter on Brisbane ends by an emphatic assertion that "the larrikin and the larrikiness do not exist" here. The next chapter deals with "The Queenslander and His Heritage." Here the author flatters us heartily. "Let us see," he says, "why the Queenslander, while a hearty, pushing, upstanding fellow as he is, is also self suflicient, and being so, is not to be hot-potted for it. . . . . . Looking back on his thirty years of existence as a citizen, I think the Queenslander has something of which to be proud His territory, which to- wards the sunline covers 1300 miles, and to- wards the west reaches 400 miles, gives him altogether a foothold and a board of action near 700,000 miles square. Is there any fault to be found with him, because he 'visibly swells,' and thinks he is the most outstepping, soundest- limbed colonist in Australia? Statis- tics are given relating to the population, the number of pastoral runs, live stock, yield of gold, number of sugar-mills, miles of railway and telegraph lines, &c.; The labour and separa- tion questions are passed under flashes of fore- sight. The faith of Queenslanders in their country seems to the author "to be the latent strength of the land that bides its nascent time, of which all previous workings have been premature. If I were a Queenslander," he says, " I should believe in it with all my heart; for the vast tropical rains cannot wash her out, the angry suns cannot dry her veins, the mis- takes of politicians cannot destroy her; she can be smitten seven times, and even seventy times seven, and yet her forces will be climbing to the tableland of action and radiation." The legislators of Queensland at work are sketched, and word portraits, more or less accu- rate, are given of the leading men. The sketcher seems to have had some difficulty in delineating Sir S. W. Griffith, but to have been quite at home in sketching Sir Thomas McIlwraith. He is a man, Mr. Parker says, "who commands attention at once. The stranger could not but be impressed favourably by Sir Thomas McIlwraith ; his enemies must acknowledge the force of his presence, his sup- porters must feel his power of leadership. He has a fine bearing, and seems never so much in place as when sitting on the Ministerial Bench, or when leaning over the railing in the Council Chamber, and watching some debate in pro- gress. He carries with him a dignity that would make an impression in any Chamber, and that must affect favourably the daily habit of the Queensland Assembly." We have not space for further quotations, but can assure our readers that the book is one which should find a place in every library, large or small, in Aus- tralia. Fully a fourth part of the book deals exclusively with Queensland and Queensland affairs ; and it would be difficult to find in any other source so much interesting information in such concise form and so attractively dressed. PUBLICATIONS RECEIVED. "The Plight of the Shadow," by George Mac- donald, is a good story well told. The able and well-known author has elected that a lady shall be the story-teller. She tells her own happy love story, and weaves in with it an interesting romance connected with the family history in the generation immediately preceding her own. The thread of mystery which winds in and out of the tale reaches a very satisfactory denoue- ment at the close. The book is published by Messrs. Gordon and Gotch. "Sister Dolorosa," by James Lane Allen. The author of "Sister Dolorosa" is a native of Kentucky, and the book is one of a class which is more numerous in America than in any other land-namely, books which deal with the baffling cross-currents of religious life and the longings of the natural heart. If "Sister Dolorosa" portrays a true type of life, it is a sad one. It is the story of a tender feminine heart divided between love and faith, and which never on earth finds the bond of union to re-unite its severed chords. There are many fine passages in the book, and several which may be regarded as holding the germ and suggesting the whole plan of the story. David Douglas, Edinburgh, publisher. "Mrs. Fenton," by W. E. Morris. Mrs. Ponton is a clever woman, who had seen something of the seamy side of life. One chance came within her reach, which, however, did not rightly belong to her. She tried to profit by it, but fickle fortune elduded her, and left her stranded. The story of her adventures, after replying to an advertisement in the Sydney newspapers, seeking information as to the whereabouts of a missing heiress, is well worth reading. Messrs. Gordon and Gotoh are the publishers. Among the publications which we have re- ceived is the annual report of the Dunedin Chamber of Commerce. The pamphlet is clearly printed, and in addition to the formal report, which is of purely local concern, con- tains a full account of the speech of the presi- dent, Mr. A. S. Paterson, which embodies a great deal of interesting information about commerce and trade in New Zealand. The fol- lowing extract will serve to show the feeling with regard to taxation in general, and pro- perty and income taxes in particular :- "I think that in getting rid of the property tax we got rid of a tax that was commercially objec- tionable, inasmuch as ¡t taxed business capital of every kind, altogether irrespective of whether it were profitably employed or not. Unfortunately, business people in New Zealand of late years have been very generally loaded with 'dead horses' to a considerable extent. Unremunerative buildings, unremunerative stocks, long outstanding accounts - all these had to pay and to keep on paying to the Pro- perty Tax Commissioner year after year. No doubt we got accustomed to it, which only shows that you can get accustomed to any- thing. We can, therefore, only call the income tax a relief as compared with the property tax. As regards the land tax, I will express no opinion on the abstract question whether land should be specially taxed, which is politics; but, again, I think it must be conceded that while much of the taxing of land must come under the condemnation of taxing a "dead horse," yet, broadly speaking, the prosperity of recent years has been among the landowners more than in the towns. For the revenue from land has greatly increased, as shown by our imports, while commercial revenue has not. And from this aspect I think the change has been a relief to commerce. This may be the proper place to say that as to the change in taxation causing withdrawals of capital from the colony to any harmful extent, I have made wide inquiries, and do not believe that such results have taken place, or are likely to. I do not say there have been no withdrawals, but I believe they are less than when the property tax was introduced, and quite harm- less." The September number of "The Austral Light," a Catholic magazine which has been forwarded to us, contains some excellent read- ing matter. The range of subjects is an unusually wide one, as may be judged from the titles of a few. The first article is entitled "Australia's Loyalty to the Prisoner Pope," and then come a second article by Mr. J. W. F. Rogers on "The Ideal Franchise," " Theosophy and its Marvels," "Ecclesiastical Music," and " Wholesome Reading in Public Libraries." In addition to these there are poems and serial stories. The annual report of the Railway Commis- sioners of New South Wales has come to hand. In addition to the ordinary information as to the working of the railways, the report con- tains elaborate tables and illustrative diagrams. At the end of the report are several diagrams printed in colours showing the fluctuations in capital and interest, earnings and tonnage, gross and net earnings, working expenses as compared with gross earnings, cost of main- tenance, &c.;, calculated to a nicety. "Macmillan's Magazine" for August is ususually rich in readable papers. Mrs. Ritchie continues "Chapters from some Un- written Memoirs," the present contribution treating of a holiday journey made by Thackeray and his children to Germany, where acquaintance was renewed with some of the friends he had known in his boyhood days. "Margaret Stuart," by Mr. H. C. Macdowall, is a most interesting historical fragment. Mr. Sidney Pickering relates a weird story of pro- vincial Russia : and the Rev. G. Edminston deals with "Some Legends of the Vaudois." In "Auld Robin Gray" Mr. J. C. Hadden gives in a charmingly written paper an insight of the family life of Lady Anne Lindsay, the writer of the best known of all Scotch songs. " Armand's Mistake" is an enjoyable story by Miss Lynch. The Rev. Haskett Smith describes a visit to the ruins of Baalbek, the site of the greatest of the Phoenician temples, and ventures an opinion on the much vexed question of the way in which the enormous structures to be met with in Egypt and the Holy Land were built. Mr. F. Marion Crawford's novel, "Don Orsini," is continued. 