Agricultural and Pastoral. FORTHCOMING SHOWS, ETC. Logan and Albert Agricultural and Pastoral Society— Beaudesert, May 12,1892. Cook District Pastoral and Agricultural Society—May 18 and 19. 1892. Lookyer Agricultural and Industrial Society, Gatton —July 27 ana 3a 1892. Royal Agricultural Sooiety of Queensland — Too woomba, Augu3t 8 and 4,1893. Northern Agricultural Association, Singleton, N.B.W. —August 10 and H. 1892. Queensland National, Agricultural, and Industrial Association, Bowen Park—August 9, 10, 11,12, and 13,1892. Secretaries are hereby requested to furnish the in formation neocssary to keep the above list an authentic record. The annual show of the Lookyer (late Laidley) Agricultural and Industrial Sooiety is to take place at Gatton this year. When tho scope of the operation of the society was enlarged it was deoided to hold tho meetings alternately at Laidloy and Gatton, so that eaoh of the centres of the diatriot might share equally in the benefit accruing from the show. The Gatton Race Club has given the use of its grounds and buildings, so that there is nothing to prevent this season's effort being a success. The new arrangement is expected to largely inorease the popularity and usefulness of the society. Mr. G. F. Sandrock, of the Woodlands, Bowen, has given us the result of some experiment! he has made with the view of preserving seed maize from weevil. He writes: "In September, 1890, I filled a kerosine can and excluded the air therefrom by soldering. On opening it about eight months aftor I found the maise to all appearance as sound and fresh as when first closed up, and without sign of weevil. Part of it was then sown and the rest again soldered op. Of the sown maize not fifty per cent came up, but what did grow yielded very well. At the beginning of this year I had the remainder sown; it looked as well as at first, but it had lost all vitality, and rotted in the ground. Again in October, 1891,1 closed in the same way some of the produce from the 1890 corn. This was opened last month, and looked (and still looks) as fine a sample as you would wish to see. It was sown, but there is evidently a large percentage of that not ooming up. I therefore conclude that though maize can be preserved from weevil by the simple exolu eion of air from it yet for the purpose of seed it would become useless if kept longer than five or Biz months. I thought it might be useful to give the result of my small experiment; possibly others may have succeeded better in the (to the agriculturist) very important objeot of preserving their seed maiie from one seasou to another." The result of Mr. Sandrock's experiment indi cates that maize is rendered unfit for seed by the exclusion of air from it for several months. It now remains to be proved whether the treat ment affects the utility of the grain for food purposes. We shall be glad to hear from any reader who can throw any light on this matter. The reeeni outbreak of foot-and-mouth dis ease in England appears quite a mystery. At first it was supposed to have been introduced with some Danish cattle, but inquiries brought to light the fact that there had been no case of the disease in Denmark for years. Outbreaks occurred in several places where the disease could not be traced to direct or indireot contact with Danish cattle, and during the last week of February an outbreak oocurred in Edinburgh, and the only theory hazarded in regard to its origin is that it had been imported with some Dutch straw used for bedding in the dairy in whioh the outbreak occurred. The affected stock and all the straw were promptly destroyed, and it is believed the disease has been nipped in the bud. The experience of England shows the necessity for the stringont regulations in forco in the Australian colonies in reference to imported stock. Aa in previous years the prize sohcdule of the Royal Agricultural Society, Toowoomba, is first in the field. The date of the show is the first week in August. In this respect the Royal sets an example that might well be followed by other societies. This year a horticultural seo tion has been added, and prizes are also offered for farm and dairy produce. Both these sections ought to bring forward most intero?ting collections, situated as Toowoomba is in one of the richest districts in the colony. The sale of hor Majesty's pedigree oattlo at the Prince Consort's Show Farm in the first weok in Maroh was, so far as the Shorthorns were concerned, by far the best of the year. The stud Scotch Shorthorn bull New Year's Gift, of whom an illustration was reoently given in these columns, fetched 1000 guineas, haying been purchased by Lord Feversham. The general average of twenty-six oowa and heifers and ten bulls was £75 83. The Herefords averaged £25 125., and the Devons (eight) £18 12a. 9d. Hitherto all the bulls, since Comet's day, that have reaohed four figures have been very close bred, and of what are usually termed " highly bred" fashionable lines. New Year's Gift is a Scotch Shorthorn, and is not in-bred. He traces baok to cattle sold by the Collings to go into Scotland at a time when the breed was not recognised by its present family name, but was geuerally known as " Durhams" or " Teeswaters." Ue is what Mr. Robert Bruoe would designate an excellent " stew getter." He k 4 yean old, has only been tho^n bii times, and has won six first prizes and four champion prizes, including first at the Royal at Windsor and at Plymouth and the Cballoner Plate at Dublin. It seems matter for regret that Mr. Reginald Wyndham's herd of Horefords at Leoonfield is to be dispersed. Mr. Wyndham went to very great expense a few years ago in introducing into the herd Borne of the finest prize animals procurable in England. At his first sale, last year, some of his imported stock were purchased for the Durundur herd, and Mr. A. J. M'Connol has gone South to attend the dispersion sale, when it is hoped that 6ome others of the imported stock will find their way to this colony. The present visitation of foot-and-mouth disease in England is not unlikely to ezeroise a favourable effeot on the moat export trade of Australia. It will unite all stook-breeders in doraanding the exolusion of foreign cattle. Hitherto the free-traders have strongly opposed every attempt to exclude foreign oattle, under the belief that to do so would raise the prico of meat. Now, however, the Pall Mall Gazette, an ultra free-trade organ, advocates the com plete exclusion of all foreign live stock, denouncing the trade as " a survival from a time when freezing chambers were not invented, and a very ugly and unsavoury survival it is." Now that the subject has been lifted out of the region of discussion of freo-trade v. protection there is every hope that the total prohibition of the importation of live cattle into England will be only a matter of months. The establishment of a wool-olassing depart ment in Sydney in connection with the Techni cal College has not pleased the looal traders in wool, who entertain fears that a large number of youths of little experience will be certifi cated as qualified to enter upon the work of sheep and wool classing. The Sydney Mail publishes some faots that should help to re assure the traders. It says:—" A reoent visit to the olass-room by a member of our staff shows that these students are not novicos. Some of them have been in the wool trade for several years, and in one or two instances there aro young men who have been classing on stations. They work in the class-room steadily from 9.30 a.m. until 4.30 p.m., with an interval of one hour to lunch. Each student dosses his lot of wool and then submits it to the instructor, who points out what he considers errors of judgment. The wool when classed is packed, pressed, and sold. On Saturdays the museum is visited and a lecture given on the highest class wools. The training all through is thoroughly praotioal and, so far as our observa tion tends, is more likely to serve than injure the wool industry of the oolony." A step that is likely to be of considerable benefit to the fruit-growers of New South Wales has just been taken by the Government in that oolony in the appointment of Mr. A. H. Ben son to the position of fruit expert. If a good record goea for anything this appointment should prove a very satisfactory one. Mr. Benson was a gold medallist in the year 1879 at the Boyal Agrioultural College, Cirencester, England. He has had ten years' experience of fruit-growing in all its branches in California, two of whioh were under Professors Hillgard and Wiokson at the Berkeley Experimental Station; and he has also had a large experience of the treatment of insect and fungus pests, and in the praotioal operation conneoted with the drying and canning of fruit. He has already entered on the duties of his office (says the Mail), and will at once visit the orchards of the fruit-growing districts for the purpose of acquainting himself with the condition of the industry, and at the same time to give advioe to fruit-growers as to the best means of eradica ting the oodliu moth and other pests. The consignees of bntter both from Australia and New Zealand (says the A ustralasian's London correspondent) are complaining of the deterio ration of their consignments when compared with the arrivals during November and Deoem ber. It is quite possible that the increasing temperature in the colonies may be directly the cause of the complaints, which are growing in volume as eaoli shipment is received. Factories as well as farmers are neglecting those precau tions whioh hot weather render necessary. The butters are arriving very uneven in quality and very varied in colour. It is becoming quite a common experience, on opening the paokages of a factory whioh has had a high reputation hitherto, to disoover every box a different quality as well as a varied shade of yellow. Bnttors that are shipped in the colonies as choice qualities are found on arrival to be really second-grade articles, and this deorease of the finest ohoice grades and the ioorease of secondary qualities is becoming a serious question for the butter agents in this country. On, 18th Fobruary one of the largest of these men had many inquiries for choice butters, and could have sold 200 to 400 packages at high prioes, but althongh he had above 1000 boxes in his warehouse there was not one he could sell, as all were of secondary quality. There is also evident carelessness in packing some of the butters that formerly oame in faultless condition. The Parramatta and Maori have both just landed their cargoes, and the butter paokages evince signs of heating before they reaohod the cool chambers. The butter has in some instances even melted and run to the sides of the boxes, and afterwards broke away. It is not yet known here how late shippers intend to despatch butter from the colonies, but the middle of Maroh is quite late enough, aa prioes will have considerably receded before these late oargoea can be sold in England. The whole benoh of Supreme Court judges in Viotoria heard a oaae, stated by Judge Ohomley, in the appeal by the Boyal Agricultural Society against the rating of their ground by the Essendon council. The annual value was fixed at £1500, the rate on which was £112. The society argued that the ground was held for publio purposes, and should pay only a nominal rate. His Honour reduced the amount to Is. The judges hold that this decision was right, but they arrived at that opinion on different grounds. Some of the judges held that it was not liable, as the trustees received no benefit from the gate money or fees, and others that there was no evidence of what the value of the land was, subject to the restrictions in the lease. According to an American writer there is a laok of good quality of beef in the markets of the world. The price for best qualities has been firm for the past year in all the leading markets, both in tho United States and Great Britain. There has been little or no effort made during the past fire years, in any part of the United States, to improve tho quality of the beef cattle of the country. Many feeders are feeding cattle that do not pay for the food they eat, while well-bred cattle feed at a profit. Butchers and marketmen are outting and selling these low grades of cattle to the consumers at prioes which ought to buy first-class beef. The Bubjeot of the use as food of animals affected by aotinomycosis, or " lumpy jaw," has received a good deal of attention in America, and investigation has been going on for a long time in oonnection with the disease, a number of scientific men taking opposite Bides in tho controversy. In the state of Pennsylvania veterinarians have given special attention to the matter, and members of the Philadelphia Veterinary College have recently reported their conclusions to a meeting of the Philadelphia Sooiety of Veterinary Medioine. They declare that there is no case on record of tho disease having been transmitted to human beings from eating the meat of oattle thus diseased, and that where an inspection discloses that the oigans of the body are not affeoted no ill effeota can possibly arise from the use of the meat. This oonoluaion, the report states, is in agree ment with the views of Cruikshank of London, Nocord of Paris, and Ivanov of Moscow, eminent scientists who have studied the disease. The German authorities, where the strictest inspection of foods is maintained, permit the sale of beasts thus affeoted, and pronounce the meat perfectly wholesome. The year 1891 has given a hamper crop to Canada, and from the Atlantio to the Faotfio the farming oomraunity has done well. The Offioial Crop Bulletin of Manitoba places the harvest of that province at over 41,000,000 bushels of grain. Of this total, wheat repre sents 23,000,000 of bushels, oa against some 14,000,000 in 1890, the average yield having risen from 21-1 to 253 bushels per aore. Notwithstanding the abundant yield good prioes are being realised, and in view of the short European supply they are likely to go better. Under these favourable circumstances a large immigration is expected this year. The wheat crop of the provinoe of Ontario has reaohed 31,000,000 bushels, and the yield per acre is returned at 25*7 bushels. Barley has been a good orop, and oats in particular, the average yield of the latter reaching over 40 bushels per aore. In fruits a phenomenal apple crop was secured, and the exports to date, to England alone, have exoeeded last year's figures by more than 600,000 barrels. The Compagnie dcs Tramways de Paris has recently tested a horseshoe made of Bessemer steel, whioh is fastened on the hoof cold, in a very few minutes, without the employment of a single nail. The shoe is similar to the ordinary iron kind, bat possesses in front a bent lever which attaches itself half way up the hinder wall of the hoof without in any way oompreasing it. A clamp, also of Bessemer steel, then encloses the boof, parting the two heels of the shoe, and supports itself on the top of the lever, wbioh wholly sustains it and prevents it, in consequence, from compressing any portion of the wall of the boof. The shoe is fitted with three small anterior clamps, which penetrate the horn of the hoof and prevent displacement of the shoe without the preliminary raising of the damp. In addition to the horses of the Compagnie dcs Tramways, which, furnished with those shoes, do their twenty-one kilo metres (thirteen miles) per day, several private Parisian firms have experimented with the new shoes with, it is said, perfeot success. The wheat-growing farmers in the far distriota of Viotoria (says the Argua) are about toreoeive undeserved punishment. Tho distriots in question are adjacent to the South Australian border, and Bouth Australian buyers have been attracted to this colony. These buyers have found it oheapor in some oases to send their purchases across the border for shipment, and during the first three months of the year 61,000 bags have been so despatched. This has been noted by the Minister for Railways and the Acting Commissioners, and from next week rail way rates almost prohibitive of the consignment of Victorian wheat to South Australian ports will be adopted, with the objeot of forc ing all the grain down to Melbourne and Gee long. The farmers will be injured, because while South Australian buyers found it cheaper to ship across the border they could pay rather more for their wheat. Bat the cost of bringing it to Melbourne will be greater, and as the Melbourne price governs the country, farmers will suffer proportionately. Thus the first attempt under the new railway polioy of raising rates will handicap those farmers who have hitherto benefited by the competition of South Australian buyers. The relations between Viotoria and South Australia are not likely to be improved by the effort about to be made to kill intercourse wh«n it supposed to be un favourable to Viotoria, and the wretched war of tariffs ia likely to be encouraged.. An Albury message in the Sydney Daily Telegraph states that owing to the continued dry weather and consequent scarcity of feed every effort is being put forward to hasten the erection of the boiling-down works on the Murray, near Albury, as a means of disposing of the Buipla9 stook, and making room for the lambs. Unfortunately a hitch has ocourred, whioh will Have the effect of delaying work. It seems that the land purohased as a site for the establishment is within the municipality, and though no serious objection has been urged against the charaoter of the industry by the oouncil, the proprietors consider that it would be safer to erect works outside the munioipal boundary. Another block of land has been scoured, and the machinery as on the ground. Nearly 20,000 sheep have already been eeoured for boiling down, and it is ex pected that before the lambing season many thousands will have been disposed of. The sheep will be quartered and plaoed in boilers fed by steam. The tallow will be drawn off into casks, while the other portions of the carcass, excepting the bones, will bo quite de stroyed. The bones, tallow, and skins will be forwarded to Sydney, and it is possible that steps will be taken to preserve the sheepa' tongues. With two digesters 600 Bheep oan ba boiled daily. 