> "SLiP GENERAL NEWS. JM is satisfactory to noto that tho remarks miijo by Mr. W, U. Groom at the nomination or cataldatcs for East Word In relation to tho .afca 4 of the street at tho junotion of Raff and Bridge-streets has resulted in somo good to tho ratepayers of that locality. Up to tho day of nomination it remained In a bad stato, and if wot weather had sot In it would havo bean as impassable as it was when tho Primitives Methodists held their district mooting in Too woomba. Last Thursday, however, all the corporation man and draya wero put on by tlio Chairman of tho Works Commjtteo to effect the modi needed repairs, and tho street in front of tho PriraiUvo Methodist Church will now bo passablo in all weatbors. Of course, it is not insinuated that this work has been so suddenly dono with any vlow of iniluonclog tbo votes of the ratepayers to-day. Tire most perfeot fitting Corsets in all the best \- makes are to bo had nt Mrs. Lamb's Under clothing Warehouse. Hero also can bo seon a first-class assortment of Ladies' and Children's Hosiery. 162 Tub Municipal elections toko place to-day throughout Queensland. In Toowoomba there is only ono contest for a scat in tint Council— viz., East Ward. Tho candidates are Mr. W, II. Groom and Mr. Joseph Stirling. Tbo polling for East Ward will commonco at nino o'clock and closo at flvo o'clock, and will bo hold at tho Immigration Dopot, Margaret-street. Thoro aro 490 names on tbo votcre' list, representing Q10 votes. The poll for auditors will toko placo in all tho Wards, commencing at tho hours stated. Tho poll for South Ward will bo hold at tho Town Hall, for West Ward at tho Assembly Rooms, and for East Ward at tlio Immigration Dopot. Tho official declaration of tbo result of the poll will bo made by Mr. Alderman Fo- garty so soon as the numbers for each candidate ore known. At two o'clock yesterday morning tho ominous dang of the fire boll annouueed that another lire bad broken out in the town. ItwaB soon dis covered that the conflagation was on tho Mort . Estato, where a four-roomed cottage, situated in Taylor-street, and owned by Messrs. Gilbert Bret., was soon a mass of flames. The. fire brigado and a largo numbor of spectators were soon on the ground, but nothing coald bo dono to save tho structure, and it was speedily roducod to asbes. . Tbo origin of tho fire is a mystery. Mr. 8. Cullon resided in tho cottago up to Sun day morning, and ho handed tlio koy to Mrs. Gilbert tbo samo evening. Tho building then appeared to bo all right, but no examination was madeofthoinsldo. Tho flro armoured to havo originated at the back of the building. As Messrs. Gilbert wore at thoir farm nt Grantham when tho flro occurred, wo wero unablo to learn a whethor the building was insured. Wb have received the sabjoiucd letter from > Messrs. John McNairn & Company, Colonial prcdnco and commission merchants, Olasgow, dated Decetnbor tho 23rd " Dear Sir,— Wo tfre largoly in tho provision trade, and handling a largo quantity of How Zealand and Australian produce ; and our object of addressing you Is, wo shall havo pleasure in Bonding you our monthly prffces current which wo hopo will bo of interest to you, and also knowing tho interest it is to onr friends in tbo colony, wo hope you will boo yonr way to publish tho same. Oar market for Colonial butter is vory brisk. Wo aro making for crcamory, 132s. to IB-la. | for dairy, 110s. to 120s. according to quality. Danish butter is very high in price, and thoro. is no immediate prospect of it boing any ckoapor, and it will bo some time before wo got any new milk butter forward." Fbojute of tbo following wilt has been granted : — Thomas Whito, .labourer, of Too woomba, to Catherine Whlto, widow, of Too woomba, and Patrick O'Brien, storekocpor, of Toowoomba 'realty and personalty, £CG3.10s, 8d< -To lovcro of astronomy tbo sccno in tho west ern sky last night was ono of peculiar interest. .The "new moon io crescont form, and tho planets Venus and Jupiter, wore almost in conjunction, '"and tho sight was certainly a vory beautiful ono. Venus and Jupiter aro now very conspicuous ob jects in tho western sky, and H may Interest our readors to learn that Vonus passes south, and will bo in conjunction with Jupiter on February the GUi, at 8 p.m. Tub death is announced at Brisbane of Mr. Thomas Woodward Hill, at tbo age of 78, for many ycare tho publisher and respected overscor of too Courier composing staff. From his car. licit days he was associated with tho Press, and was bold in tbo highest esteem by all who know him. Tub tondcr of John Ledbury has been ac- ccptcd by tbo Education Department for tho < erection of now Stato school buildings at Clifton, the contract prico being £678 12s. Wb havo been shown a splondid samplo of oats, grown by Mr. H. Morwood, of PiUsworth. Tbo crop is so fine that a samplo is boing sent to the Agricultural Department In Brisbane, whito another samplo is being taken by a lady to Eng land to show tho people of tho old country what sort of crops can bo raised in Australia. A samplo of tbo oats can bo seen at this offlco. Tub following is tho report of tho Hospital for the Insane for tho week ending tho 90th of January, 1892:— In the houso last report, 93 males, 126 females; sinco admitted, nil; dis- vihfrrgad, ono; died, nil; remaining, 02 males, . 125 females: total. 217. Tim Mmlu-rri Snni-r. intondent acknowledges with thanks tho receipt of parcels of magazines from Mrs. Montgomery, illustrated papers and magazines from Mr. E. W. Robinson, and newspapers from Mr. A. OgUvlo, for tho aso of tho patients. Wb havo received— with very hourly thanks— from Mr. Henry Ilerzcr a basket of splondid grapes from lus vineyard on the Middle Ridgo. Tbfiy consist of Isabellas, black Hamburgs, and whito toblo grapes. Tho froit is of largo size and most delicious flavour, and are a orcdit to tbo grower. Mr. Hcrzorh&sn; largo supply, so that our readers now know where to procure splendid table grapes in any quantity. Tub salo of " Groom's Darling Downs Book Almanao for 1892 " has again boon vory large ; and although we printed a considerable number of copies in excess of tho number printed last year, only a few copies now remain on band. A UEETUto of the proprietors of tho Oakey Creek Meat Preserving Works was held at tho ofiloes of Messrs. Gregory and 8cholofleld, on Saturday last, when many of tho principal pas- tonuuu wi «ro uowu were present, uetween 20,000 and 80,000 sheep were promised, and 600 heed of cattle. Tho general opinion - of tho -iVJgifiP'T1 1st of April would bo early enough to commence operations, and then there would be six months good work ; but it was dedded that if fresh offers of stock wero sent in, arrangements should bo made to start' work about a month earlier. There is now every prospect of the Oakey Creek Meat Preserving Works becoming a sourco of benefit to the trade of the tows, as well as providing an outlet for oar sarplas stock. Patuiuuy'b Brisbane Telegraph contains tbo following " Barcaldine, January 80.— Con- slderablo snrpriso was manifested noro when it was announced that Mr. C. Lamley Hill had been selected by his party to contest tho scat for the B ircoo, vacant by tho death of Mr, F. R. Murphy, with Mr. Ryan. A more unpopular man oould not havo been chosen, and his selec tion generally has been received with much dis favour. As affairs stand st present, Bran's reloro is certain, he being a man holding moderate views, and very popular among the working classes." We congratulate tho proprietors and nil con cerned In tho production of tho Western Chum- piot t, Barcaldine, upon tho now issuo which is just to hand. Tho paper is brought out in a handy form of about a dozen pages out and sown, and for get up and gonoral oxcollcnca of contents is now ono of tho most attractive journals In Queensland. Cos'smunAUEr. interest is boing takon in tho forthcoming annual Eaetor Encampment which is to bo held at Lytton in April noxt. Men wishing to join either of . tho local companies should now do so hi order that tboy may havo as much drill as possiblo p'rior to going Into camp. Tho matter of tlio dolay in distributing tbo deferred pay has now boon altered, and this alono should bo tho moans of increasing the numbers of the local companies. For tho in formation of men who are dcsirouB of joining tho Dofonco Forco wo may stato that tho conditions of tho sorvico nro notso stringent as most pooplo believe. Any man who attends drill ono cvon- ing in tho wcok, ono Saturday afternoon parndo in tho month, and also attends tho Eastor Encampment for not less than four days can qualify as an 11 oxtrooffloiont.' This is within tbo power of roost mon, because Good Friday and tho three days following it aro holidays. Mon living ontsido Toowoomba near a railway station may also easily join, as passes aro issued to thorn to and fro tho ptaca where tho drill is held. At tho Inspection on Saturday, as will bo scon from our report in another portion of to day's Issue, tho Commandant stated that ho intends to improve on tho present uniform, and ho would do all in his power to mako thoscrvico as popular as posstblo. Wo trust to soo a largo number of mon joining tho local companies, and that tlio Darling Downs Regimont will go into CAtnp up to its full strength. Tho regiment now ponseBgoB in ynpinw riutciuson, ono of tho best staff officers in tho Queensland Dofonco Forco, and wo fool confident that if tho officers and men will attend tlio parados and drills regularly "pmjrow UP Easier, tho fourth Regiment will bo second to nono as far as officionoy is concerned. mounld infantry under training at Aldcrshot recontly executed a remarkably long march. Thoy had been practising tins work for two months, principally for tho purposo of try ing tho recontly purchased cobs, and of testing tho proposed now method of carrying tho rifle, besides formulating regulations for pace in marching. A party of officors and men covered tlio distance to Winchester and back, 70 miles, in 10 hours, including halts. Tho march was performed by alternate trotting and walking, tho men taking spoils of marching on foot. Fivo minutes' halt was allowed each hour. Fnou tho How Zcatnnd correspondent's lottcr to tho Sydney Daily Telegraph wo extract tho following " Lord and Lady Onslow havo sent a portrait of their young son, Hula, to tho Otaki natives. Mr. Taipun, M.H.R., is to unvoil tho picture with ceremony. A portrait has also boon given to Mrs, iionri To Ival, who received tlio child from tho hands of its nurso at tho Installa tion also to each of tbo flvo chiefs who raado speeches on that occasion. Tho child is dressed in his Maori robes, his head decked oat in lluia Glumes, grasping in his right hand To Rangi foati s ancient greenstone more, and looksovcry inch a chief, to tho into tiso gratification of tho tribo." The Bundabcrg correspondent to tho Wide Bay News says:— "Tho first section of tho Bundabcrg- Gtadstono railway construction being now practically completed, numbers of men will bo thrown nut of work to further swoll tho rankB of tho unemployed. In tlio moantimo our paternal Governraunt is gaily carrying on tho work of importing immigrants, and tho India, now coming down tlui coast brings somo nino recruite to tho ranks of our unemployed. Tho bitter feeling aroused by tho continuance of immigration is not confined now to tho ranks of tlio workers, all classes boing almost unanimous in condemnation of such exasperating conduct. Tbo attempts inado by a Bection of tho Southern Press to resuscitate black labour is variously discussed. Thoso who havo a stako in tho sugarcane are juhilant at thu prospect of tlio renewal of tiro trade, in which they think thoy sco tho recarroncoof a poriod of tho prosperity of tho past, while tlio ultramontane section of tho Labour party are as bitter as of old in thoir opposition to it. What tho result of an appeal to tlio electors of tho district on tlio question would ho it is difficult to conjecture." A shout timo ago wopublishod a paragraph from Uio Atlora Guardian, giving particulars of tho burning of a thrashing plant, tho property of Mr.'Hardwick, It will bo scon from tho follow- hjffi which wo oxtraot from Saturday's Allora Quardtan, that tho report tuniB out to bo with out tho least foundation " Wo wero unwittingly made tho medium for disseminating a report of tho destruction of Mr. Uardwick's threshing plant, ns well as Mr. E. Fitzgerald's wheat stack, by flro. The wholo thing proves to bo another or tfioiro m&rvoUous; cock-and-bull stories duo to tho forvid imagination of somo person or other unknown, who seeing a quantity of old straw and rubbish boing burnt on Mr. Fitzgerald's fsrmatonca must liavo jumped to tlio conclu- ston that it was his wheat stack, and rushing into Allora gavo currency to tlio report published, winch was generally believed at tho timo in tho town. Our informant gavo ub the nows in porfcct good faith, and tho account was so cir cumstantial, oviiii to tho noBt of tlio maohino, that wo were convinced of its truth and accord ingly published it. Mr. Fitzgerald writes in forming us that tho machino had left his farm two days before tho burning of tho rubbish that gavo ri&o; to thu report." For quality and value compare Finnoy, Isles, and Co. s (Brisbane) GooiIb carefully with thoso of any other houso and judgo for yourself. This is tho infallible tost which will bo found more useful as a gulda than tlio wild statements of interested parlies. At the annual mooting of tho subscribers of the Ipswich Hospital, hold in that town on Wodnosday afternoon, tho following motion was carried by 80 votes to 20 That this mooting approves of tho rocommondation for tbo abolition of tlio offlco of matron." mil. Glabbey M.L.A. (says a Gympio paper) was nover sworn in as a justice of tho poace, objecting, it is said by tho Worker, " to bo squeezed out of tho two guineas foo which is charged at tho sweariog in. " "\Vrrn roferenoo to tho paragriph which appeared in our Thursday's issue stating that tho Railway Commissioners intended rodocing tho numbor of trains running bntwoen Brisbane and Maryborough, wo oxtraot the following from tho Courier i—' "It has been rumoured daring tho last few days that as tho daily train from Brisbane to Maryborough does not pay tho authorities aro likoly to stop its running, nndsond ono only two or throo timoa a wcok. On inquiry tho Railway Commissioners state that this rumour is partially tioe. Tho pre sent depressed timoa havo had tho effect of largoly reducing tho traffic on this lino, aod it has not oomo up to the Commissioners' ox. pectations, but they aro vory much averse to taking off the daily train, and as jot tho matter is still nndor consideration, and nothing has boon deaidod upon." . If you want a really good photograph at a reasonoblo prico, go to tlio " Elite Photo Co.," who dalivcr all orders four days after sitting. 2776 