Another Deeming. A Much Married/ Man. Didn't Kill. His Wives, but Divorced Them. , The San Francisco papers have (says tho Argus) heon giving soino attention' to the enso of nil adventurer named Madison, who soems toi havo Dooming's partiality -tor constantly seeking out wivos and quickly getting rid of thorn, but in a harmless way. llis latest victim, Mrs. Lueinda Dawes, a respect able widow, of Elmira, loarncd that hor husband lind recently married another widow, at St. Louis,' and rohbod and deserted hor at .Clevoland wliilo on hor wedding trip. Soon iiftor ho appeared at Elmira. He straightaway - won tho other widow's hoarfc, and sho married him two days later. At liis instance sho then sold hor effects, and gave him tho money, as thoy woro about to- start for Saii Miguol,, California, whoro, .as bo said, ho owned a fino fruit farm. Madi son wont out to "buy tickets aud never came back. Mrs. Dawes loarncd. that Madison had been in California' under tho name of Anderson, and that lio lind desortod a young wife thoro after robbiug hor, bosidos swindling others out of £1000. He wont to Germany, found his wife's motlior, who livosthoro, and was about to-get hold of hor raonoy whon sho received a warning through a. lottor from her daughter. Thou lie ap peared in Chicago, met another confid ing woman, and married her 'undor tho pretence of owning 1200 acres of land in Michigan. Sho shared the fato of hor predecessors. / Since his. original marriage in San .Miguol| arid ' between that and his marriago to Mrs. Dawes, Andorson married a Danish immigrant girl.at Cherqkco, Iowa. ; Ho wqutwith, her to Omalia, whoro ho robhod lier of . hor money and deserted her. 'Ho wont East, and at Hobokon mot . nnqthor young Danislivwomtiri. Lbrii'iiirig thait sho had considerable money, ho married her. Ho was living with hor in Boston, wliilo ho was corresponding with Mrs. Dawos. Wliilo ho wiis in correspon dence with Mrs. Dawos, lie married a widow who lived in Kansas City, :got 260dol of hor money and disappeared, and also marriod a woman in- Galena, 111., who was treated in like mannor. His sixth' victim was Mrs. Dawes. ' Tlio St. Louis widow sooms to have boon tlio only one of Anderson's dupos who sot to work to hunt. tlio follow down. Sho put doloctives on his track, and ho was found in Albany in a fair way to socuro his 'seventh victim in- that'city' in tho porson of a woll -to-do widow. Ho was arrestod, and placed in gaol in Cleve land. Fivo of his wives signified thoir intention to iippbar against liirn when ho comos to trial. His original and only, logal wifo obtained a divorce from him two yoars ago. 