INTERNA TIONAL NOTES. From a Couukhpondknt. LONDON, 25th March. Tho truo olmrnotoristioH of tho Ruuslnn famine ; jf yet far from being determined. Kvennmong 1 10 bent informed there in a want of agrcemont ,ti> its onuses nnd tho probability of its rc- I trrcnco. By somo it is rogarded as an isolated jtulent, whioh will pass away and bo forgot- By others it is deolared that thoro baa ken a gradual dcolino in the fruitfulness of & soil, accompanied by an incroaso of the Lpulation, and that tho unsatisfactory harvest 1891 was tho climax of a scries of hnd years. U'n is tantamount to saying that famine. will ycomo ohronio In Russia, and that good years, they iotnrn at all, will bo exceptional. Tho jtuimists say that tho Inttd nb tho disposal of £C ponsants has remained stationary, its utility bns diminished, and tho number of puths it has to feed is inoroasing. On tho other jmil It iB allogod that an inland country r;th a scanty rainfall must cxpoot a fluctuation Reasons, and that tiio oxperienco of a ainglo tpr should nob bo takon ns a sample of a series. £cro is, no doubt, truth on both sides. Jajiftu prospects are by no moans encouraging, fct every nation with a history has had to Dlergo ordeals as sovoro thoro need , not bo crtiiing despairing in the outlook. If tho lints of the famino period should make j clear to Russian statesmen that thoy will ivo enough to do to nttond to thoir homo frir instead of intorforing with questions feting ooimtrios beyond their sphero, tho indices whioh they aro now realising should 0.1 to comparatively happy rosiilts. It 1 to be feared, howovor, that thoro in mj littlo change in tho nmhitious policy k .'nautili at hciuIqUiUloiit, und Chut tuu yon of tho famine has nob yet boon I pjwrly loarnt and appreciated by tho Czar and ' i Ibttorors. They will yet, howovor, have an J rportunity of continuing thoir studien, for J -j effects of tho famine, ovon if it bo followod j laverngc yearn, will not bo ensily ofTaoed, and i :<re will bo time enough for further ro- ? 2tion. | Veiy littlo bns boon said lately about tho uncial dillioultios of Russia, but thoy arc ?ing muoh anxiety. Tho oxisting troubles I rduco bad results in many directions. Tho I «enuo ib diminished nnd tho expenditure is i jreascd simultaneously. Tho direct taxes I unot bo lovicd, whilo thoso who aro asked to | ,r thorn havo to bo kopt alivo by oon- i :butionB from a doploted treasury. In 1891, | t:h only four famino months, tho taxes 4 Acted fell short of the nmount cBtlmatcd by j| 1000,000 roubles. The indirect taxes show no I rtcr roHtilts, bconuno thoro is a diminished band for imported luxuries, thoro boinp a i trcity of tho wherewithal to pay fur thorn , cierin ooin or produce. The preaont year ut bo worso than tho past, and thoro is ; p prospect of alleviation. Tho Govornmont is : j doubt making strenuous oiforts to roliovo tho 1 derercrs from tho famine, but it is itself uuffercr, atul the Czar is not omnipotent, tfough ho is often loil to imagino tlmt ho is ur being so. Tho contributions from other ; nntrien aro but drops in the ocean. ; Professor Mendcloioff, whoaq famo as a philo- I bic authority is world wido ratlior P tin local, has been studying tho rola- g in between production and consumption in M \sm. In normal yoars tho yiold of grain g i mifficient to givo an avorago of B «ib. (English) por inhabitant Last year tho ' r.pvrfiH only sufficient to givo 300 lb. por bend. : Es then goes on to show that tho numbor of : pple in Russia forms 7 por cent, of tho wholo jj pulation of tho world, and bo argues that tho numption should amount to 7 per cent, of r i world's production. This is rather too wido a f sorulmtion, aud tho statistics of tho world's I pluctioii nro fnr from being complete enough I of much Value in leading to a reliable oou- J bios. Somo of tho items quoted are, bow- i rr, interesting. Thus, with respect to tho || pluction of gold it is Bh'own that according ,to jjj i normal proportion Russia should supply only jtf 1)00 pounds weight, whilo tho production of M '1 metal is actually 76,500 pounds. In J A output of coal, on tho othor hand, I hiin contributes only one-fifth of her fair | wage. Of east iron tho Russian quantity is a 9 more than a third of what should bo hor e cttibutioh. As rogards all the metals other I ««d iron, tho Russian, production is I 'y one-eighth of what it should bo. Theso 1 ikiciiinrs, aro, however, more curious tlmn 1 j'/rlant. I ho emigration movements of tho prosenb | jar, so far as it has gono, illustrate tho folly J foreign Governments in Rooking to plnco oh- 1 tries in tho way of thoso who nto detormincd I After thoir position. In tho first two months J| ke has beon a falling oft in tho doparturo of \ bu'c.h of thoBritish islands, contompornueousiy E an incroaso in; tho numbor of foreigners I rng from British portH. This is tho inoro J| oirknblo when tho fact is considered that h hnn lioon an incroaso in tho nmnhor and l| bof tho Hteamors sailing direct from Europonn | ilmcric.m porta, tho intention having boon to J| u stop to the transit of emigrants through Waited Kingdom. Thoro lins also been an 1 Efnuo in tho emigration to South Africa, al- Jg iagb in other directions thoro is a temloncy I imitraotion. Tho inorenso in tho oinigration J Ibieigners has been, however, lmrdly sufii- R at to cover the diminution in tho departures 5 iiioKngliyh, Scotch and Irish. In tho month <1 February thero was a slight increase in tho jg of emigrants to Australia as compared E® ifiguros for tho corresponding month of tho pff T"01l!' yoar I'10 wishes of European states- -fi i will ovidontly lmvo very littlo effect on tho ;m| ioiv of congcoted populations. a| tho past year tho population of tiio jS :kd States received an accession of 591,000 EiS 2 tho influx of immigrants, nu compared 3491,000 in tho previous year. The'mosb kg urknblo featuro in tho return is tho great jM aW from Russia, including Poland, whioh nS tinted to 104,462. Tiio German contingent £1 123,000, tho British 121,000, tho Jgj xiifi-Hungarian 71,000, tho Italiun 68,000, j| » Swediah-Norwogian 52,000, tho Danish jfi $, tiio Swiss 7000, tho French iijH tho Dutch 5400, and from all othor places, c® ''nS South America, 21,000. No reckon- "''kept of tho arrivals from and departures LI and Canada. Tho only items of do worthy of notice nro the British nnd sMb. AVhilo tho tido of migration to tho A<1 States is rising, it is to he feared that equality of tho material is deteriorating. Tho whlch intordiots tho introduction of work- a under contrnot cxoludes tho very best class, allows tiio froo ingress of worthless in- 'luals, who have nothing to rocommond ® to employers. Calculations, for whioh fclio newspapers aro Visible, have boon mado iu tho United 'tea to show thnt tho food products aro likely to become insufiioienb to provido for consumption. Ib is stated that it requires product of nearly tlirco ncros to support H bead of tho resident population. Tho point of dovolopment was ronohod in k when thoro was a surplus of tho yield 52,000,000 acres available for export. tlmn tho population has boon increas1 rapidly tlmn tho expansion of tho ted area, and it is declared to bo probublo dlic day is not far distant when domestic option will havo quito overtaken produo- Wgnrcs nro ndducod whioh, if corruot, T Ibt at tho present rato of incroaso in the r.jB'klion and tho requirements of tho pcoplo, fears honoo tho surplus for export will "Without placing inuoh rolianeo 'Mtiinato, it must bo confessed that it ;,s out what should be, if possible, provided There 00m for a greater expansion 4&adn.; diflioultioH encountered by tho colonising in Africa aro nearly all of tiio namo J and aro pretty fairly distributed In pro- I'ta to tho areas within whioh operations aro 4 011. When hostilities break out it is 4 to arrivo at tho conclusion that thero has omo mismauagomont on the part of thoao 'tfhority ; but this not nlwnys tho oaao, llio reasons for complaint may evon bo "covorahlo. Blost frequently tho outburst shorn interference, knowingly or innocently, 1 vested interest, especially of miihllo- 301 'i »ho stsiul' botwocu tho producers iu tho jk(, "r the buyers on tho const. Tho ohiofs ion 15 'n'ormc,h!>to regions assort a right to take jl, everything in transit, much in tho samo Ci t as that which actuated the barons of tho t. c "i m tho middle ages. The English are TT Y ono ''lea — that of opening now i T nn<1 tl10 olllefs ftro not hIow to l,er" l'« "?w thoJ' »re to themselves some of :loc ' ' hy Hl' harriers whioh tho traders '27s!r0' nn:1 bild 1)100,1 is oonsequonlly ind ll ")» ll'is seems to bo tho state of tiro enso nt Siorrn Loono nnd LagoB. Something different may ho tho causo of tho quarrel betwoon tho Portuguese and natives in Bloznin- blquc. Thoro is peace nt present in tho German nrons, liccaitHo the Gormans tliomsolvos nro doing littlo or nothing iu tho work of colonisa tion. Tho French ltavo a novor ending feud witli the dusky potentates of Sonogambia, who do not show a proper rospoot to tho Fronoli flag. 1 110 English onro loss about thoir ling nnd more for thoir influence. Thoro is nuother thing In whioh tho nationalities differ. TI;o English havo becomo accustomed— aoolimatisod as it were to opposition. They havo ovcroomo many difficulties in tho past, and are oonfldont of being nblo to surmount thoso to oomo with hut littlo oxortion. Tho othor nationalities are apt to magnify the importanoo of trifles, nnd to becomo onsily flurried. . Thoy nro nil, howovor, doing somo good work, and may bo oxpeotod to itnprovo in tiicir methods of procedure. Hie brief crisis iu Berlin iins given riso to much speculation, nlthough its merits wero un derstood only by a fow. Tho liitoli had littlo or nothing to do witli Imperial politios, but, ns tho bond of the Stnto is a Prussian King nu woll ns a Gorman Emperor, so Count von Caprivi was Premier of Prussia as well ns Imperial Cliancollor. l'lio divorgenoo of opinion oo- eurred over tiie local Education Bill, 'which wis in chnrgo of Count Zodlitz, tho Minister of Instruction nnd Worship, but who does not hold nny oifioo nt nil in tho empire. Count Zodlitz resigned, nnd Count von Caprivi, fooling himself constrained to stand by his collcnguo, tendered bis resignation nb tho snme time. Thero was Homo confusion, but nothing more. Tho Chnnoollor retains his Imperial rnuk and is still tho Prussian Ministor for Foreign Affairs, although no longer Premior . of tho kingdom. Tho truth is that tlioC niiferWatien of German States is not quite symmetrical, nlthough it ih no doubt veiy strong. Tho constitution is a thing of shreds nnd pntchoa, nnd tho matter now in dispute doos not oomo within tho purview of tho Roioli- Rtng, Prussia having a Parliament of its own. Tho orisis might not have occurred nt all if it had not boon thnt tho Emporor wns ill, nhd, for thotlmo being, out of touah witli passing evonts. Whotherthe now nrrangomontwill bo permanent ormnyprovo tiie "littlo rift within tho lute " whioh will interlcro with harmony hereafter is ft question which awaits subsequent - develop ments. Sir It. Tompio calculates that tho increase of the Indian population, nftor making nmpio nllownnoo for annexations, amounted to 30,000,000 in tho Inst decado, and lie believes thnt the rato will bo mnhitninod till nont eonsus day, when tho population of India, augmented by 33,000,000, mny show a total of 322,000,000. The inorenso in the wholo of tho Biitisli Empiro, including India, is likoly to bo 40,000,000; that of tho United States will bo about 15,000,000, and tlmt of oontinontnl Europo nearly 25,000,000. Theso figures givo a total inorenso of 80,000,000. I ho rest of tho world, Bnvago nnd semi civilised, is of minor importance. Political economists who deal witli the question of the supply of food will do woll to bear tho figures in mind. 