AMERICA. MARRIAGE ON THE BRAIN. A MAN WITH SIS WIVES. The San Francisco papers have been giving some attention to the case o£ a romantic adven turer named Madieon. Bis latest victim, Mrs. Lucinda Dawes, a respectable widow, of Slmira, learned that her husband had recently married another widow, at St. Louis, and robbed and deserted her at Cleveland while on her wedding trip. Soon after he appeared at Elmira. Ho straightway won the other widow's heart and she married him two days later. At his instance she then sold her euecto and gave him the money, as they were about to start for San Miguel, Cali fornia, where, he eaid, he owned a fine fruit farm. Madison went out to buy tickets and never come back. Mrs. Dawes learned that Madison had been in California under the name of Anderson, and that he had deserted a young wii!e there afrrr robbing her, besides swindling others out of J21C00. He went to Germany, found his wife's mother, who lives there, and was about to get hold of her money when she received a warning through a letter from her daughter. Then he ap peared in Chicago, met another confiding woman, an 3 married hor under the pretence of owning 1200 aces of land in Michigan. She shared the fate ot her predecessors. Since his original marriage in San Miguel, and betive^n that and hia marriage to Mrs. Dawes, Anderson married a Danish immigrant girl at Cherokee, Iowa. He went with her to Omaha, where he robbed her of her money and deserted her. He went east, and at Hobokon met another yonng Danish woman. Learning that che had consider able money he married her. He was living with her in Boston while ho waa corresponding with Mrs. Dawss. While ho wao in correspondence with Mrs. Dawes he murried a r?idow who lived in Kansas City, got 260 dollars of her money and disappeared, and also married a woman in Galena, II., who wac treated in like manner. His sisth viotim wgb Mra. Dawen. The St. Louio widow seems to have been tbe only one of Anderboo'o dupes who get to work to hunt the fellow down. She put detectives on his track, and he was found in Albany in a f».ir way to secure his seventh viotim in that city in the person o£ a well-to-do I widow. He vw auested, and placed in gaol in Cleveland. Five o2 Ms wives signified their in tention to appear against him when he comes to trinl. Hio original and only legal wife obtained a divorce from hira two years ago. 