? HKUH BENNO SCHEHKK has been appointed organist to St. Francis' Church. THE Hon. James Muuro was sixty years of age on Thursday last. THE Rev. II. S. Mercer, of St. Hilary's Church, Kew, who is now in England, has resigned his incumbency. IT is stated that during the Parliamentary recess meetings of the Executive Council will occasionally be held at Ararat to avoid the necessity of bringing the Governor to town every week. • LADY NORMAN, the Hisses Norman and the Hon. G. Wallop, A.D.C., are still at Katoouiba. New South AVales. MB. and Mrs. Gilbert Wilson are the guests of Sir. F. Murphy at " Staghorn," Southport, Queensland. MB. THEO. LIEBE was too indisposed on Friday to appear at Mr. Charles Hueneibeiu's invitation concert at Sydney. SIR HI;NUT WRIXON was so pleased with the result of the competition for tho trophy presented by Lady Wrixon to the Portland Fishermen's Union that he intends presenting a similar cup this year. A SENSATION was caused in Rutherglen last week by Signor Federli horsewhipping his former colleague, ^Signor li. Bragato, in front of the Kutherglen Hotel. The two principals are wellknown vitieultural experts. DURING the trip of the Vice-regal party to the Monaro district in New South Wales the Countess of Jersey christened two mountains, naming one Mount Jersey and the other Mount Salisbury. Du and Mrs. Williams left town for Tasmania on Thursday. COLONEL and Mrs. Shclton were passengers by the Rotomahaiia, which sailed from Melbourne for Launeeston on Thursday. MRS BODKIN, a sister-in-law of the late unfortunate Thomas P. Fallon, left Melbourne for England on Wednesday last week. MB. CARNEGIE, .uncle of the Ladies Carnegie, now visiting the colonies, returned to England last week with his adopted son, Mr. Richardson. Both have long been resident at the Oriental Hotel. DE LACKT EVANS, the woman who for so. long A period worked at the Beudigo mines in male attire, is at present an inmate of the Immigrants' Home. MB. A. B. Giuidouv, mafiager of the English, Scottish and Australian Chartered Bank at St. Kilda, has been promoted to tho management of the Richmond branch, and is succeeded by Mr. H. Daniels, of Fitzrov. Thk limited nature of the floral decorations at Lady Sarah Churchill's wedding is supposed to be an indication ot a decline in this custom which has for BO long a time been carried to such an extravagant extreme. By-the-way, Sir Samuel Wilson's present to the bride of a solid gold washstand service has evoked sneering comment m many quarters. MRS. MAYO, better known under her iiom <ie lume of "Edward Garrett," urges that good women of all ranks should ask themselves if they cannot do for the kitchen what has been done for the hospital and the sick-room. She, therefore, proposes the establishment of a guild of " Sisters of Help," who would agree to go out as cooks or housemaids in aid of small households. It if. in fact, the essence of Mrs. Mayo's scheme that the destination of these "sisters" should be households in which not more than two or three servants are employed in the kitchen. She urges this to avoid the rock which wrecked theschemeof " lady helps," who eventually became idle women in the house, interfering with the servants. A LADY tourist recently in Adelaide and Sydney writes in terms of amazement to ll r o»tati concernin^ the " smartness " of the Government House 1 rails. Both Lady Kintore and Lady Jersey appear to make ideal hostesses,-and the gowns worn in Sydney, especially those of the Hon. Mrs. Carrington and Lady Charles Scott, were worthy of Marlborough House. Lady Kintore. in a pale blue satin, is specially described as being " resplendent ill diamonds." MBS. KKKLKY has lately celebrated her eightyfifth birthday. Mrs. Keeley was iu the original cast of Weber's opera, " Oberou," on its first production at CoventGarden in 1820, playing asuiall Dart aud singing the song of the Mermaid in the last act; but her debut took place as far back ;is sixty-six years ago at the Lyceum, and her recollections (for her memory is still remarkably good) of the stage during this long period are highly interesting. Mrs. Keeley was a member of "diaries Mathews' original company at the Adelphi in 18:15, and of Macready's company at Drury Lano in ISM. THK first regular meeting of the Federal-ion of Women's Press Clubs has been held iu Boston. Mrs. Sallie Joy White was elected president. Lady Henry Somerset was present at a banquet on this occasion, and made an interesting speech ou the new school of journalism. Miss Francis Willard paid a high tribute to the Press and to the work of women who wield the quill, especially to^those newspaper women whose quills are borrowed from the wing of some angel seeking to raise humanity to a higher plane. She closed with a humorous exhortation to all women writers to use quills taken either from a dove or from the wing of the American eagle. WoitiiswoRTU made at least one joke. People have not hitherto believed the report that he paid, on hearing of the Browning marriage: "I hope they'll understand one another:" but the incredulous may now be convinced. Ill a letter just printed for the first time, aud written by Wordswovth to Moxon a mout h after the Browning marriage, he says: " Miss Barrett, I am pleased to learn, is so far recovered as to have taken to herself a husband. He is a very able man. Doubtless they will speak more intelligibly to each other than they have yet done to tho public.» Mn. DAVID NUTT will publish in the course of the winter a new translation of the Hexateuch, by the liev. W. E. Addis, of the Australian Church, in which the various documents will bo discriminated tvpograpliically. The first volume, comprising "The Oldest Book of Hebrew History, accompanied by a critical introduction and note's, will be ready shortly. MRS. MATTHEW BRYANT has gone into her new liouse, " Cairn Curran," Punt-road. MRS. GEORGE BOWRON, of Chicago, has recently patented a car-coupler of hor own invention, whoso simplicity aud ingenuity have won the praise of all practical railroad men who have seen it. Mrs. Bowron says her invention is the outcome of ten years' study. LADIES have in various continental cities done exceedingly well as photographers. In Copenhagen a lady photographer has for several years heen favoured with very flattering commissions from the Court. In Stockholm another lady has attained to an equally good position in the photographic world. She, too, counts royalty amongst hor patrons, and tho Swedish artists admit that she can hold her own against any male photographer. grapher. Miss FANNY DAVENPORT, the well-known actress, has turned farmer, like Mine. Modjeska, and has purchased a ranche of 380 acres, where she and her husband propose to establish a country place, surrounded by vineyards and orange orchards. Her ranche is seven miles from Mine. Mod]eska s. Miss O'SIIEA flatly denies that her step-father ever committed adultery with her mother, but admits that the evidence against them was over, whelming. Mr. ParneU was, indeed, assured so "by his lawyers, and, consequently, dissuaded her mother from facing the useless ordeal of the witness-box. She herself would have gladly triveu evidence if asked to do so in the accused couple's favour. The fact was, both Mr. Paruell and her mother were entirely unconventional and regardless (till too late) of Mrs. Grundy. Moreover Mr. ParneU's personal foibles for locking doors at all reasonable aud unreasonable times, and slinking about like a conspirator, were absurdly compromising. His behaviour made even their own servants suspect him. Miss O'Shea blames no one. Mr. Parnells curious character and circumstances coiled her mother in a network of presumptive evidence from which there was no escape. Mr. Parnell's step- daughter, Miss O'Shea, is a tir-st-rate amateur photographer. .Some time before his death tho young lady took •several capital whole plates of the Irish chief in his ehemical laboratory. These pictures will bo reserved for the "Life of Parnell" which Mrs. O'Shea, with her daughter's assistance, has already commenced preparing. Miss KOZMINSKY and Sirs. W. H. Chester Harrison are secreta ries to tin; Indies' eoiuinittee of tliu Clara Merivale Benefit Fund. MR. MELTON PRIOK, the well-known war artist, has left England by the royal mail steamship Timings for Rio de Janeiro, as special correspondent of the niuslralcd London News in Brazil. LADY shorthand writers havo boon admitted to the Danish Parliament, and in the Upper House havo a monopoly of otlicial report ing. Copenhagen is in advance of Westminster in this matter. IT is not generally known tliat tho new Lord Mayor of T .ondon married a Miss Boakes, wiio formerly filled tile office of chambermaid at the Oak Hotel, Seveuoaks, where Alderman Evans used to spend his autumn holidays. Miss Boakes was exceedingly pretty and well- conducted, so much so that Alderman Evans was smit ten with her beauty, and in the most honourable, manner possible he. took her from liev calling at the hotel and placed her iu a ladies' seminary, where she received the education of a lady, and then tliu worthy alderman married her. Unlike some cases of a similar romantic nature, the marriage resulted iu the most happy outcome that can possibly be expected—a family of living children, and without a cloud to overshadow the high position which Mrs. Evans has attained. MRS. I>E SOYKA, a Cingalese, lady, has recently received from the Queen permission to assume the full rank of a Knight Bachelor's widow. It seems that the lady's late husband, who died of hydrophobia last year, was a millionaire, and employed a very large proportion of his wealth ui benefiting his countrymen. The Queen has heard of this, and has bestowed a mark of appreciation 011 the widow, which will be very highly valued by the country. LORD CJIEYLESMORE, who has just died, possessed a fine gallery of pictures, including Sir E. Landseer's well-known work. " The Monarch of the Glen," for which he paid J:7ltiHt, and which would probably now fetch a much larger price. A LADY typewriter has recently taken as pupils in typewriting two deaf and dumb persons, who are proving themselves peculiarly expert aud skilful. LADY SALISBURY' furnished the plans for the chaiining cottage which her husband is building in the South of France at Villefranchesiir-Mer. The lady architect has supervised the erection of this foreign country home in all its details. The house is two storius high. On the first, floor are the diningroom, drawingrooms, and billiardrooiu. A covered gallery runs outside these large rooms, wliich all open out of each other. On the second floor are placed the numerous but small bedrooms. Ou the left side of the cottage rises a tower of Indian style, surmounted by a lielvidere. The house is perched ou a. height, over a gorge filled with orange trees and verdure; the sea lies below; to the left there stietches a. beautiful Italian landscape. Lady Salisbury forbade the use of painted paper on the walls; these are covered with gracelul frescoes. The furniture conies from T3ngland and France; the more ornamental and more dainty from t he latter country, and the more useful aud comfortable from tiie former. MRS. M ACKAY has recently shown to her London friends for the first time the portrait, lleissouier, painted of her eight years ago. The picture, which is only about twelve inches iu width by sixteen iu length, cost guineas. It was not at all satisfactory to Mrs. Mackay, who claimed that the portrait made her appear much older than she really was, and that it was a pool likeness. Moreover, the hands were painted from those of a model, and are neither the size nor the shape of Mrs. Mackay's. Such as it is. she has finally decided to have it hung iu her London drawingroom. 