Itafeina K 30al(arna €imfa KADIN A: WEDNESDAY, APRIL 6, 1892. THE BSOKEN HILL MINE. Despite tbe unexpected and unex plained failure in Barrier stock lately, we think that shareholders all along the line may take heart of grace. On Monday a meeting of tbe Proprietary Company shareholders was' held in Adelaide! and the Chairman of Di rectors, Mr W- It- Wilson, pot a few facts before them which, we venture to believe, should' have a reviving effect, if it does not star the down ward tendency. Not only is the present condition of the mine satis factory, bat so are the yields. There are now twenty-one furnaces going with an ample supply of ore. The results consequent upon adopting the open-cut system of working have un doubtedly proved the wisdom of the change. In lead alone the output has been doubled, While the return of silver has increased 50 per cent. The original proposal submitted included a larger scheme than that so far adopted, and the Board intend to apply it at the southern end of the mine. Contracts will at once be let for the removal of MacGrqgor's hill to a depth of be twees. 70 and 80 feet. Such a course will release about £40,000 of timber and open out some 400,000 tons of ore below the cap of the lode. Under the-open-cut plan all iron Btone used is counted as ore, which of course reduces the average return. Against that must be reckoned the saving of 23s pe£ ton on ironstone flux not now required and the 10 to SO ounces of silver in the ironstone got from the mine. More reduction plant is recommended by the Qeneral Manager, and the Directors propose to purchase the four 80-ton furnaces belonging to the British Company at Port Pirie. It will also be necessary to erect six more there at once should the offer be accepted. The plans pre pared show that this can be done for a reasonable expenditure. As to the •question of water the position is far ibetter than had been expected. If water .were scarce at the Hill tbe Hatest proposal would mean eleven furnaces at Port Pirie. It is also con- ; soling to learn that, even at the very worst as regards water, the big mine would always have enough to run half the smelters. A total weekly capacity of 11,000 tons of ore would be pro ! virfted for by the new smelters. During the past three or four years from 5,200 to 5,500 tons has been treated weekly. Added to that is the amalgamation plant, .which will in crease the output by from 25,000 to 30,000 ozs. per week, and from ore not suitable for fire treatment. What is wanted, however, is water for the dry ore, recent developments of which have been of a surprising nature. A statement by the Chairman would certainly be incomplete without refe rence to the water-supply and the means taken to increase it. The Directors have made several trips to Sydney over the question. Owing to (the Government fixing the price of ! water at 5s per 1,000 gallons the Darling River scheme was abandoned, and a similar fate befel the Stephen's Creek scheme. 9?he Stockdale Bill was passed and became law, but is not likely to be proceeded with. Should the B.H. Proprietary Com pany desire to pass a water-supply Bill the scheme will cost at least £300,000, which may mean the stoppage of dividends. Bates of freight afford the Chairman an opportunity for indulging in com parisons. The B. fl. P. Company, he asserts, pays the S.A. Eailway Com missioners 30 per cent, all round above New South Wales rates. Mr Wilson also avers tbat'tbe net earnings of the railway from Petersburg to Cockburn, have been 20 per cent, on the cost of that work. Both the Silver ton 'Tramway Company and the S.A. Government are to be asked to reduce their rates. Every one will be pleased to hear that Mr Howell, the General Manager, is about to erect a plan for £2,000 that will tr«at sulphides, and that he has great confidence in his plan. The Company now. has £350,000 worth of silver afloat and unsold, so that in view of the great fall in silver during the past fortnight it hna been considered whether it would not be better to pass a dividend rather than pay a reduced sum. From the open cuts 21,000 tons of ore has been extracted at a cost of 4b 6d per ton, as against ths former cost of 26s per ton. Although the quantify sent over the railways for the past three months has been nearly 8,000 tons less than for the previous similar period,; yet nearly one-third more ore has been mined out. The new system will also enable the'mine to recover £400,000 worth of timber now underground. With " a fair price for our products and a fair supply of water," concluded Mr Wilson, "no apprehension what ever need be felt about the future." Sbudbjt Death.—A terribly sadden death occurred at the Miners' Arm*, Kadina, on Monday shortly after noon. Since the previous Thursdays shepherd named George Baker, well known in the town for several yean past, had been staying at the hotel. He "had complained of pains in his head, and on Monday morning, after expressing a desire to expand his longs, be set to work volun ! tariiy and washed the bur floor, He had just finished it aad was standing against the: counter when he fell dead without a word. The medical evidence showed that death was caused by failure of the heart's aotion. George tidfor Fas a «»n of striking appear ance. He alwayi {W AD# 'be idea of having seen better days, 4ts5; BW®ot8r, of having been well connected. His soldierly heaping and the military precision of his tn^WIHPDts plainly proved the nature of his early training. A man of varied experiences he undoubtedly was, and possessed of handsome features and a finely modelled athletio body. He at one time acted as coaobinan to Sir Richard Graves MacDonnell when he was Governor of this province, and in consequence possessed a fund of entertaining reminiscence which he at timesrevealed to those who won his confidence. One characteristic deserves to be emphasized. It was said on Monday by one who knew him well that his conversation was that of a man of refinement—that he neither, used slang nor sought to give point to his remarks by coarse oaths or silly, vnlgarity. Baker had been atone time in business in Adelaide, he and his wife having kept a restaurant there. Bat his wife died, and since then Baker had become acquainted with strange vicissitudes and many localities. He tras at one time a railway porter, and, we learn, has a daughter living in Adelaide. He was also relatrd to Messrs Baker Brothers, the well-known contractors. From Sainton, where for ' six months he had worked fcr Mr Carl Bohn, he came to Kadina on Thursday with hit sway and tiro doge. In the training of these faithful creatures he was an expert, and his oare and patience were fully rewarded. The affection of his doge and the olear understanding existing between them evinced the kindly and patient nature of the poor fellow. His Tery last act was consider ate. The etory of the life so suddenly dosed contains many pathetic incidents. C&ZHT;&f; JfoBTH School.—This school, which has eaiy ]?een open for about nine months, has, under charge of Miss Gallaher, made such good progr^ that the head teacher was complimented by the in spector, who recently visited the school, for it# efficiency. The La?J£ Sg&GjSAivT; Tait.—We regret to announce that Sergeant Tait died at Port Adelaide on Monday. This ^11-known police officer, who was a brother gI Mr Thomas Tait, of Green's Plains, was fitatjLQned at Moonta 26 years ago, and was held in the highest esteem by the residents. The late Sergeant had since been stationed at Port Adelaide for many years, and he there commanded the same high esteem as he did on the Peninsula. Complimentary Social.—It has been arranged by a committee of gentlemen representative of the towns of Kadina, Wal laroo, and Mooflta to give a social at the Royal Exchange Hotel, Kadina, on Thurs day (to-morrow) evening to Mr C. S. Mann. The intention is to specially indicate the high appreciation in which our retiring Resident Engineer of Railways is held, We are sure from-the hearty way in which the matter has been taken up that in every sense it will be a conspicuous success. The proceedings will begin at 8 o'clock under the presidency of His Worship the Mayor of Kadina. Fruit Culture—Ex-Governor Shed d oh, in <n interesting 'paper on the profits of fruit culture in California, made the following statement :—" Vineyards yield about ±'20 }\er acre where wine grapes are grown ; rai*jn grapBB yield from £30 to £80 per acre ; wal nuts from £50 to £80 ; fige yield £120 net on two-thirds of an aore ; the net yield of pranes is £100 per aore ; lemons yield £150 per. acre ; of apricots the net yield is £80 per aore ; oranges bear from £70 to £200 an aore." Such facts from such- an authority ought to be most encouraging to those who have the Beataloo available and are trying to do something besides mere wheat-growing. Our blockers, who have planted fruit trees, should also be hopeful of the result of their labours. Some of our miners have half-aore blocks rented from the Go vernment. Would it not be s wiso step to inoreasa the size of these blocks to two acres so that the men could employ their spare time in its cultivation; and those who have families of big boys might employ them ou their blooke with advantage. Of course tb«> Government in surveying blocks of this size would also bare to make provision for the Beeteloo reticulation to make the land avail able for tree culture. In support of such action on the part of the G-overnment we may state that a well-known resident of Kadina, who has only' about a quarter of an acre of land, has for years past averaged some £50 or £60j for produce from that small area. One tree alone has yielded for the past ten year* between £7 and £10 worth of fruit annually. If one man can do this surely others can. It must not be forgotten by those who may endeavour to try their fortunes in this direc tion that our fruit season is earlier than that of the fruit-producing districts around Ade laide, and would consequently command the early market. Sale of Railway Plant at Wallaroo. —We wish to call special attention to the important sale by Mr Alfred France, jun., which takes place this afternoon at the yards near the old jetty, Wallaroo, at 1 o'clock. The Blyth and Gladstone Railway.— The G-overnment have decided to carry out ibis work departmentally and have notified ihe Railway Commissioners to that effect. W« believe that the work may reasonably be expected to be started within the next month. Mr Mann and his staff will have completed all the work connected with our local linee i during - this week — we might eay most satisfactorily too—and will return . to town. There Mr Mann will probably be engaged for some short time closing up all the clerical details of the work done on the Peninsula. He will then, it is anticipated, be charged with the construction of the Snowtown, Biyth, and Gladstone Ex tension. The residents will be pleased to learn .of hit appointment to this work and the i date of his taking charge. The jRegister speak* of the number of tben out of work in Adelaide who may find employment on this work, as the miners' difficulties have been settled. This may be so, but the price of copper does not justify the employment of all oar men, and those who are idle are looking forward moat anxiously to finding employ ment on the Snowtown line for some months. This would indeed be a great boon to the men, as it would at onee relieve the labour depression, and those who know a little aboa) the copper market express themselves most hopefully as to the future. Possibly upon the completion of this line the copper mey have reached a price that will warrant the restarting of all the works on the mines. The starting of railway work will also be a means of asssis ting . many of the farmers on the Plains to orop their lands this season. CONGBEGATIONAI, UNION AND HOME Mission.-—The half-yearly meetings of the Congregational Union of S.A. are to .be held in Kadina next week—on Tuesday and Wednesday—in response to a special invi tation from the Kadina Church. This will involve the Church in a good deal of trouble and responsibility, and thus the undertaking deserves the support and sympathy of the public. The programme advertised is of no mean order ; the speakers and topics alike are attractive. The subjects are of the ntmost importance to a thinking struggling people, and some of the greatest problems that toaob onr social, commercial, as well as our religious life will be dealt with. The leature on Tues dav night by the pastor of the North Adelaide Congregational Choioh will no doubt draw a -good house and give instruction and amuse ment to the hearers. Mr Hastings deals most ably and humorously with the unrealities that are ao manifest in much of our modern life and activity. Mb Fbe0 TaoifAB.—On Saturday evening at the Wallaroo Institute, and last evening at Kadina, Mr Fred Thomas and Professor Denis Eeenan gave their entertainment to a numerous audience, and their efforts were greeted with hearty expressions of approval. Mr Thomas's happy manner of telling his stories completely 'oaptivated his hearers and as a rooaUst be .commanded loud applaose. His extraordinary powers of whistling ven triloquism were the subject of muah wonder ment, and how ho can bring forth exact re productions of his whistling while his mouth is practically " gagged" with a handkerchief, and again whilst smoking a cigar, is beyond explanation, Mr Thomas claims to be the only exponent in the world of this wonderful art, and we have no record bf $here being any other. Professor Keenan was eminently successful in amusing his audience with several comio songs and at once placed himself on good terms with them. Besides this the Professor displayed really great proficiency as a pianist and aooompanist, his versatility being quite remarkable. Mr Thomas on Monday very generously placed some free tickets iff the hands of Mr Carroll, the Presi dent of the A, Mr for distribution among Of the men who had bepn the greatest sufferers' 10 $9 recent mining troubles so that they mi'g^ attend the performance on Tuesday evening. It is * m tion to repeat his entertainment on Wednesday evening, the 6th inBt., when ?e wish him the bumper house he deserves. Rainfall at Yabaeoo.—The following is the rainfall registered at Yararoo for the month of March :—21st, 0'090; 22nd, 0 030 ; 26th ; 0 210 ; total 0"330 on three days, A Hbabtless AuTBimrEEB.—The San , Francisco papers have been giving some at tention to the case of an adventurer named Maddison, who seems to hare Deeming'# partiality for constantly seeking ont wives and quickly getting rid of them, but in a harmless way. His latest viotiir, Mrs Lucinda Dawes, a respectable widow, of Elmira, learned that her husband had recently married another widow, at St. Louis, and robbed and deserted her at Cleveland while on her wedding trip. Soon after he appeared at Elmira. He straightway •won the other widow's heart, and;she married him two dajs later. At bis instance she then sold her effects, and gave hitn the money, as they were abpat to start for San Miguel, California, where, as he said, he owned a fine frait farm. Madison went out to buy tickets and never came back. Mrs Dawes learned that Maddison had been in California under the name of Anderson, and that he had deserted a young wife there after robbing ber> besides swindling others out of £1,000. He west to Germany, found bi9 wife's mother, who lives there, and w$e about to get hold of her money wben she received a warning through a letter from her daughter. Then he: appeared in Chiago, met another confiding woman, and married her under the pretence of owning 12,000 acres of land in Michigan. She shaped the fate of her prede- j cessor?. Since hie original "marriage in San Miguel, and between that and his marriage to Mrs Dawes, Maddison married a Danish im migrant girl at Cherokee, Iowa. He went with- feer to £)maha, where he robbed her of her money and des>£?te4 her. He went east, and at Hoboken met another young Danish woman. I/earning that she had considerable money he married her. He was living with h.-r in Boston while he was corresponding with Mrs Dawes. While he vu in corre spondence with Mrs Diwes he married a widow who lived in Kansas City, got $260 "of her money, and il^sppsMed, and also mirried a woman in G-lena, 11!., who wa9 treated in like manner. Hw sixth victim w«c Mrs Dawes. The Sr. Louis widow seems to have been the only one of MsJdiioo's dupes who set to work to hunt the fellow d >wn. She put detectives on hi* track, and he was foun 1 in Albany in a fair *av to secure his seven i li victim in that city in the person of a weli-to do widow. He was arretted, and plaoed in gaol in Cleveland. Five of his wives signified their intention to appear against him when he comes to trial. Hi* original and only legal wife obtained a divorce from him two years ago. "Too Suggestive."—The compositors em ployed on one of the Melbourne newspapers have formed a brass band, and an excellent band it is .(says the Australasian). It? nocturnes and symphonies are the delight of the neighbourhood, and when it goes down through its chromatic passages and dwells lingeringly and lovingly upon its A flat it is calculated to lift Mr Marshall Hall into the highest regions of ecstatic bliss. But whnt is a band without a uniform and a cap and badge ? The proprietor of the newspaper w»s interviewed, and he accepted a request for i permission to use the name of the paper on | the badge as a hint that he should pay for the | badges. He promised to do so, and asked that designs should be submitted to him. I The first .design they submitted in their sim plicity was is the form of a lyre, with the name of the paper worked aoroBB it. " No, no, no!'that won't do at all. It is too sug gestive," was the prompt criticism. An other badge, with no unpleasant associations, has been chosen. Thb Adelaide Cbicket Match.—In his description of the final test match the special reporter of the Australasian writes thus :— " Australians always stick to their colour* and though th&y; were not in luok this time' the red. yellow, and black stripes of South Australia were seen everywhere floating froir. flag-poles or in buttonhole bouquets and ribbons; the Adelaide ladies, who attended the match in large numbers, being especially loyal. In fbe florists' shops the buttonhole sprays bad been Yery cleverly arranged t<> combine the three shadeB, none of them easj to secure, and one florist's window was almost entirely occupied by a large horse shoe design in the colon s of the teams, and bearing the inscription c England v. Aus tralia,' while down the centre we're the names of the players in red, with the scores shown against a background of alternate bare of green and white oleander leaves." 