the SCRAP ALBUM. (Open to Casual Contributors). Bulgaria has concluded a loan of £4,000,000. The proposod now union at Broken Hill has collapsed. The betting about Paris for tho Caulfiold Cup on Saturday was 14 to 1. The N.S.W. Rifle Association matches commeiKod in Sydney yoaterday. Tho French Minister of Finance proposes to place a tax of six franca on cycling mac hines. Five thousand minors in tho Borinngo I district, Belgium, are out oil strike for higher wages. During the storm from Sunday to yester day morning no lo3s than 352 points (3i inches) of rain fell. Meeting of members of the Early-closing Association, at Stewart's, this eveuing. Important business. The Government of Brazil are inviting one million immigrants to tho Republic from Europe. The Berry Dairy Company paid suppliers 4|d. per gallon for milk last month. Wat tamolla paid 4Jd. ' Traveller ' writeB that a ladies' wait ing-room and other offices are badly needed at CorrimBl station. Flodin's Special Reduction in Photos up to Christmas. Enamelled Cabinets only 10s. Gd. per dozen.* The Main South Coast Road through North lUawarra has been considerably im proved by late contracts. Mr. John Hay is spending about £20,000 per annum on the reclamation works on the Coolangatta Estate. Ice Cream. L. L. Earl has again com menced making delicious Ice Cream. Agent for the F. F. and I. Co. ice.* A heavy sea was running all day yester dav. Several vessels wero lving off Port Kembla wailing for the sea to moderate. Direct imp irtatiou, ex s.s. Britannia, Choice, Fashionable Millinery ; low prices. Inspect at Clements' Regent House.* Mr. W. S. Scott, manager of WiJIeroo station, in the Northern Territory, has been speared to death, it is supposed by blacks. Big outrigger race on the tapis, on Mullet Creek, for New Year's Day. £35 first prize ; second, £7 ; £1 for winners of heats. According to Mr. Howell, manager of the Proprietary mine, some of the most competent miners on the Barrier have re turned to work. . A large meeting was held in the Domain on Sunday, when resolutions were carried against granting compensation to publicans through the Local Option Bill. A Candida' e is already in the field for the Eden electorate — a Mr. Alexander Gray, a practical miner. He addressed meetings-at Tilba and Cobargo. Mr. T. F. Armstrong reports having snld, privately, a farm at Mount Keira of 40 acres to Mr. Charles Gilmore, of that locality, at a satisfactory figure. | A Mr. Halatead, of Eglington, up Ba:h urst way, carries on a bee farm on halfan »cre of ground so successfully that he makes £150 a year clear of all expenses. Sa.'urday was pay-day in connection with the Broken Hill mines. Many of the free laborers went into town ; and conflicts wi h unionists were of frequent occurrence. Miss Reynolds teaches music on Satur day from 2 to 6 p.m., at 'iown Hall. Arrangements made for pupils from a dis tance. Terms at Mercury or Post Office.* It is thought by a good many (writeB a Bellambi resident) that Mr. J. Mitchell, Willi all Ilia faults, was a bottor maotor than either or both of his successors by long odds. Heavy showers fell all day Sunday and during the night. Yesterday morniug the sea was so rough that the danger signal was hoisted at the port, but later on was taken down. The powerful pumping mnchinery im ported by Mr. John Hay for the Berry reclamation works, cost about £10,000, and is apparently splendidly adapted for' the work it is intended to perform. Not to bo Beat. — Go to the Elite Photo. Co. (next door to Hunter's Boot Palace) for your Photos, whore you can get 1 Doz. Cabinets for 10s, and a handsome Christ mas Card given in.* A Danish schooner becoming wrecked on the coast off Yarmouth (Eug.), the crew of the vessel were saved by swimming a dis tance of eight miles to a light-ship. . The sea was running mountains high at the time. Messrs. S'eath, Heberle, Hewitt, Hum, Butcher, and Polkinghorn, who are charged with conspiracy, left Broken Hill on Satur day night by express train for Adelaide, en route for Deniliquin, where the cbbb against them is to be heard. In connection with the assault case, Poulter v. Keirnan and Walker, heard at the Police Court, yesterday, and dismissed, we learn that a copy of the depositions are to be sent to the Minister for Justice by Mr. Woodward, for Mr. Poulter. It transpired nt the Hospital meeting, yesterday, that M's. Franklin, as treasurer to the recent Hospital Ball Committer, had handed the treasurer of the institution (Mr. W. G. Robertson) the sum of £38, as the net proceeds of the said event. Mr. T. N. Grierson, manager of the Bodalla estate, has been asked by the De partment of Agriculture to examine the students at the Agricultural College at bam Common with a view to the issue of dip. lomas. He has accepted the position. The jury in the Australian Banking Company conspiracy cases wore locked up 15 hours before they found Scott, Mathey, Martin and Hurley notguilty, and 23 hours before announcing their disagreement in re gard to Abigail, Nathan, and M'Namara. At Canterbury Park, on Saturday, the events were won as follows : — Hurdles, Broker ; Flying Handicap, Letta Lee ; Park Stakes, Brown and Gold ; October Handicap, Flora ; Selling Raoe, Southerly Buster ; Welter Handicap, Lord of the Lake. At the quarterly meeting of the Wollon gong Hospital Committee, last evening, it appeared that .the receipts for the past quarter in connection with that institution had been £92 9s 51, and the expenditure during the same ? period (including several improvements to the building) £255 18s lOd. At the demonstration of starting the re clamation machinery on the Coolangatta es tate, on Saturday, Mr. J. Hay, the pro prietor of the splendid property, after responding to hearty oheers and thanks for his enterprise in advancing the district, .proposed the health of the visitors, men tioning specially his co-trustje, Hon. Dr. No'ton, M.L.C., and Mr. A. Campbell, M.P. Tha latter gentleman, Mr. Hay stated, was the son of a tenant of the es tate, and had passed upon it the earlier part of his useful life. Mr. Campbell, in responding, oxplainei that as he had come to Shoalhaven in his boyhood he could ex press what might be taken as a fair opinion of the Berry family. A better or a kinder man than the late David Berry never breathed. He had deserved the respect and good wishes of all men. It was pleasurable, indeed, to find that in Mr. Hay they had a worthy successor of Mr. David Perry. ' On the first July this year thero wore two male patients in tho A. M. Hospital, and during tho quirter onding Soptomber 30, 8 mains wore admitted, and 5 out-door patients wero attended to. Scvon patients woro discharged, cured or rolioved, and 1 died, leaving 2 male patients in tho institu tion on Septombor 30ih la*t. Tho Early Closing C.C. play tho Bulli Half-holiday C.C. at Wollmiuoug, tomor row. The local club will bo represented by Messrs. Treloar, J. Doylo, 1'. Doyle, J. Whittior, G. Chapman, J. Gillios, H. Munro, F. Woodward. JU. Qiilty, F. Wiseman, D. I Makin, D. M'Phee, and A. Smith. Play starts at '2 o clock sharp. At the quarterly meeting of tho A. M. Hospital, yesterday, it was moved by Mr. J. P. Galvin, see uided by Mr. W. A. M'Doaald, and carried unanimously — ' That tho secretary write to tho secretary of the recent Hospital Ball Committee (Mrs. Fielder), thanking her and tho other lady members of tho said cnmmitteo for their successful efi'ort on behalf of tho funds of tho Hospital in tho instance alluded to.' 