Ladies' Chitchat. Baroness Rothschild, of Paris, lias so ex tensive a circlo of acquaintances that she is said to "know everybody worth knowing on three continents." Thfe Czarina of Russia, like her sister the Princess of "Wales, is almost totally deaf. This affliction the royal ladies liavo inherited from ■ their mother, the "Queen of Denmark. Mrs. Fawcett speaking: at Birmingham in • support of the claim for woman suffrage, stated that not only were thero 38,000 femalo land owners in England and "Wales, but 20,000 women were- actually engaged in farming on their own account. . Mmo. Carolino Popp, the oldest of Belgian journalists, has died, aged 81, at Bruges. Sinco 1837 she had been the editor of the , Liberal organ Journal ds Bruges. She was a clever writer, and a friend of Victor Hugo and tho romantic school. Many of her works arc very remarkable. Mr. Conrath is just introducing a covering for walls that has many advantages (writes "Miss Muntalini"). Ho calls it calcorian. It is a mixture of cork and india-rubber, and in appearance closely resembles leather paper. You can get it in all shades of wood, and it is specially suitable for dining-rooms, staircases, and corridors. One of its advantages is that it can bo easily token down, as it is only fastened to the wall with brass studs. Ladies in ,tho French capital are at tho pre sent moment being made tho victims of a hand of roughs who indulge in the senseless trick of squirting corrosive acids on their dresses. On one day alono 35 complaints from ladies whoso dresses hod been completely spoiled in that maimer were lodged at the office of the Police Commissary of the Porto St. Martin district. Tho Police Commissary of the Garo du Nord quarter on tho same day received 11 similar complaints. Tho ruffians chooso the most i elegantly dressed ladies as their victims. | One of the most noted women in the Do- j minion of Canada has just died. Clcophcc ! Tetu, or Sister Theresc, us alio was commonly | called, was tho daughter of a French-Canadian | notary. She entered tho Order of Sisters of Providcnco when 20, in 1844. Eight years later sho was sent with another nun to relievo tho spiritual and temporal wants of Indians in tho far west, her travels on that occasion in cluding a journey on horseback almost to tho •Pacific coast, in a region whoro no whito woman had been before. In 18C6 sho was •modo general treasurer of tho whole order, and , soon after laid tho foundation of tho immenso iiusauo asylum which was burnt down, with '100 of its im inmates, early last year. Sister There so was mothor superior of this establish ment till her death. Among her patients at one timo was tho famous Louis Kiel, after wards hanged for tho north-west rebellion of 1885. The story of Louiso do Boaulieu ia creating quito a sensation in Pans just now. Owing to the loss of one arm and being considered qnite an indigent, she was the other day granted a license to sell matches upon tho streets.. Further inquiries into her history divulged tho fact that she had been a lady of rank and stand ing, of great beauty and wealth. No lady of any pretensions to fashion has less than half a dozen veils. to suit different occa sions. These are excellent to preserve the skin from tanning in tho country and at tho sea side. The belles dames of tho Middle Ages always covered their faces during the summer when they went out of doors, and wo know how careful they were of their complexion. Mis3 Amanda Jones, who invented a now process of fruit canning, by which all kinds of food can be kept without cooking or tho use of chemicals, has refused to sell tho frait-canncrs tho right to use the process. Miss Jones says that sho .will never permit tho process to be used so long as women fruit-canncrs are paid about 2 dollars a week.—-"Providence Journal." There is said to be a girl 10 years old living near Pittsburg, who speaks only a language of her own invontion, although' she reads and writes English. Hero is a portion of her vocabulary: "Sota," angry; "phatota," fun; "tooky," a strong rope; "beloh," papa. Now, if beloh would get sota and tako a tdoky, and have some phatota warming the reporter who spun tho yarn, such fictions as this would be fewer. Ladies, have in various continental cities dono exceedingly well as photographers. ' In Copenhagen a lady photographer has for several years been favoured "with very flattering commissions from the Court. In Stockholm another lady has attained to an equally good position in the photographic world. She, too, counts royalty amongst her patrons, and the Swedish artists admit that she can hold her own against any mole photographer. The Begum of Bhopal recently entertained Lord Lansdowno at a banquet. Speaking in Urdu, Her Highness proposed the toast of the Queen and the health of tho viceroy in an 'admirable speech excellently delivered. She said that she placed the whole of the resources of the State and her own life at the disposal of the Queen. The viceroy, in reply, announced that tho Begum had offered to merge her troops into an Imperial Service Corps. The question of women's municipal suffrage is at present attracting much attention in Den mark. A bill has been introduced into the Danish second chamber, that unmarried women, 25 years of age, who pay taxes, should have municipal suffrage. The Copenhagen Female Suffrage Society held a largely attended meeting to discuss the bill, when Fru Berg-Nielson maintained that it did not go far enough. It ought to include married women. Several well known men spoke in support of tho bill as a small step in the right direction, and a reso lution praying the Government to comply with their wishes was passed. Rice-throwing at weddings is very severely discountenanced at home. The idea came from the East, where it signifies plenty. Lord New ton-Butler was the first to rebel. "Athis marriage last January," writes " Gloriana" in the World, "when the rice melee set in with normal severity, ho coolly turned back, •went upstairs, and disappeared, leaving his bride to entertain the baffled pack. There was a general commotion at this unexpected denouement, for it was manifestly impossible to pelt a girl who had no intention of going off with a satin shoe. A dozen eager messengers were despatched to find the recalcitrant lord, but some time elapsed beforo Lord Newton-Butler re-appeared in a huge ulster, with the collar buttoned up to his ears. Ho was greeted with a storm of chaff and inquiry, aud calmly explained it was im possible to start with a quantity' of rice inside his clothes, and he had been changing every thing.** The lateet horoinp.(says.thc Women's Journal, of Boston) is. Sister . Margaret Frances, of St. Victor's Convent, near Montreal. The convent contained a large number of deaf-mute children as pupils, but had no fire escape, although the children were lodged on the sixth floor. At an honr in the morning when sleep is the soundest, Sister Margaret, in charge of tho sixth floor dormitory, awoke to find the room on fire and-the children flocking around her. Tho stairway was 021 fire, and the would be rescuers who came from tho neighbourhood had no ladders. A worse outlook for escape could scarcely be imagined, yet this one woman saved the children aiid herself too. She gathered them in the corner of the building farthest from the flames, and, making a rope of bed clothing, lowered her charges one by ono to the ground. She kept at her work for half an hour, until the last child was safely landed; then slipped dowii the rope herself, with her hands ana arms blistered by the heat and the hair singed from her head, and fainted when she reached the ground. If you want to be in tho very latest fashion (writes "MisaMantulini,, intheiW/Jftf// Budget) you must part your hair in tho middle. Do not make a pronounced parting, and do not try to do away entirely with your fringe. "Wear your hair waved on both sides and wear a very slight fringo. Lady Randolph Churchill and Madame Nilsson, too, I think, generally wear their hair done in this fashion in their photo graphs, and if you copy them you cannot go WTOng. Most of tho smartly dressed women at the theatre affect partings; bo do the principal actresses m Mr. Pincro's now comedy, "The Times." Tho tendency at present is for wavy hair. Fringes are getting smaller. Thoao to whom parted hair is tlio most becoming aro women with round faces and low foreheads. It is almost impossible to wear a parting if oue's hair is not thick ou tho temples. Tho Grecian stylo seems to Iiuto almost worn itself out. There aro adaptations of it to bo seen still, but tho correct stylo now seems to bo to fasten tho hair in a looso knot on tho ncok. Ornaments aro not much worn, oven on dreesy occasions. I h&vo;, however, soon some now ones lately in jet. Thoy would look rather pretty iu fair hair. . There are now 21 law firms in the United States, composed of husbands and wives,,and there are about 200 American ladies who prac tise law in tho courts or manage legal publica tions. Miss Phoebe Couzins was the first woman admitted to the "Washington University at St.-Louis, and she has now practised with her father* for 20 years. Several women make large incomes by the law in America. Sister Bahere,. .who has resigned after 23 years' sorvice at St. Bartholomew's Hospital, was (says tho i\rwji»y Record) presented, in the library of tho Nurses*' Home, with a testi monial from her colleagues. Mr. Thomas Smith, senior surgeon, mado a humorous speech, and expressed the universal feeling of regret that her resignation had caused. "In all thoso years she had never been heard to say an unkind word to anyone." Miss Carey has resigned her position as Sister of Luke Ward, and has" been succeeded by Miss Isabella Ferguson. "Alpha," writing in tho Christian World c the subject of mothers with young children attending divine Service, suggests the forma tion of a baby brigade, consisting of converted young women who liko to take care of children, and who would bo willing to give a morning or evening once a week for that purpose. *' There are many young ladies who would bo delighted to take earo of babies for an hour or so. They should go to the homes of the folks, and not liave all the babies at a creche. They should, in fact, take the mother's part, and each church should have a brigade, or each group of churches, with a secretary,. &c.;" The first regular meeting of the Federation of Women's Press Clubs has been held in Bos ton. Mrs. Sallie Joy White was elected presi dent. Lady Henry Somerset was present at a banquet on this occasion, and made an interesting speech on the new school of journal ism. Hiss Frances Willard paid a high tribute to the Press and to the work of women who wield the quill, especially to those newspaper women whose quills are not borrowed from the porcupine, but rather from the wing of some angel seeking to raise humanity to a higher plane. She closed with a humorous exhorta tion to all women writers to use quills taken either from a dove or from the wing of the American eagle. Hme. Taglioni, in her later years, is the sub ject of a charming reminiscence in " London Society." The Queen had happened to call one morning at Kensington Palace just as her young cousin, the Princess Victoria of Tcck, was starting for Connaught square to receive her dancing lesson, and, hearing where she was going, Her Hajesty charged her with the fol lowing message to the Tcfceran artist: 11 Tell Hme. Taglioni from me," she said, "what great pleasure it gives mo to know that you are receiving lessons from such an instructress. Tell her, also, that it was her inimitable grace —which I can' never forget—that inspired me with the passionate love of dancing which I possessed in my youth." Every woman adores love letters (remarks the New York Sun)y and here is an extract from one embodying such a high ideal of woman hood that every girl and woman ought to paste it among her sovupbook treasures: "There is no woman like you in this wide world. "Who else ha9 so much talent with so little self conceit ; so inueh reputation with so little affectation; so much literature with so little nonsense; so much enterprise with so little ex travagance; so much tongue with so little scold; so much sweetness with so much soft ness ; so much of many things and so little of so many other things?" The letter was written many years ago by the Rev. Dr. Stowe to his famous wife, Harriet Beechcr Stowe. A French lady, who, it is stated, has been a belle for 70 years, has just published a book of counsels to tbo young. She says : " Do not sleep too long or too little, when you are going to be up late at a ball try to sleep for an hour or so during the afternoon. On returning from the ball jump into a really hot bath, and remain just a moment; immediately got into a hot sheet and be well rubbed down. Drink a cup of soup, a small glass of strengthening wine, and sleep until 10 the nest rooming. Directly on walking be sponged with cold water, and have a cup of hot coffee with a slice of unbuttered toast for breakfast; give your self always over to one day's confplete rest every week or 10 days." Anyone who follows these words of advieo must to a certain extent keep youthful for some years. Arrangements are already in progress for the celebration of the golden wedding of tho King aud Queen of Denmark next Hay. Invita tions have been sent to the English court to take part in the celebrations, which are to bo on a very elaborate scale of magnificence, and at present Her Majesty is inclined personally to visit King Christian at Fredensborg. Among others who will be present will be the Prince and Princess of Wales, the Czar and the Czarina, the King and Queen of Italy, tho King and Queen ox Greece, the Emperor Wil liam of Germany, and the Emperor of Austria. As at present arranged, the festivities will extend over a period of tea days, and will be celebrated at hredensborg, where the Danish King and Queen every year meet their children in a happy family party. Mrs. Frances Courtenay Baylor, the Ameri can novelist, has been tho recipient of some sad complaints on tho part of American men, whose domestic happiness, it appears, is being under mined. "Where," asks one of these gentle men, "are our wives? In tho streets," he answers, " at teas, luncheons, dinners, in the shops, travelling abroad, or away for an ' outing' at Browning clubs, faith- cure seances, women's rights meetings, Ibsen reunions, Meredith meetings, Blavatsky circles, indigent female rescues, arriving immigrants' shelters, mothers' meetings, church sociables, Jewish refugees, Bulgarian bazaars—anywhere, every- where, except at home.' Mrs. Baylor thinks there is reason to murmur, for she happens to know that the wife of one complainant break fasts habitually in bed, lunches all over New York, dines at home only when she has no other engagement, and on these evenings subsides into nervous prostration and a dress ing-gown. 