C 0 21 21 EE CIA L Thursday Evening. It ib satisfactory to hoar that, notwithstand ing tho persistent attompts of . both local (an illustration of which wo have to-day) and outsido critics to disparage the finan cial position of the Australian colonics in tho London market something like a rcaotion is now taking place. Tho fact that we possess " great resources " is admitted, and it is suggested that the period has come that their development should bo pushed ahead. It might bo BUgge&ted; that our seemingly largo expendi ture in tho pnst has been incurred in view of this special object. AVo may havo spent money too quickly and incurred liabilities which at the moment are unproductive; but, as a rule, it may be said that our outlays have beon in tho direc tion to develop tiie country and make it available for industrial pursuits. Our progress, indeed, to wards this result will, if carefully oxamined by any unprejudiced critic, unmistakably prove thatif wo have obtained and spent money freely, the great objeo.t of permanently improving tho conditions of the poople and tho country have not been overlooked. "Without our railway expenditure agricultural pursuits to a very large extent would have been rendered wholly impossible, tbo cost of transit to market or the seaboard being praotically prohibitive. The settlement of a new territory must involve a largo outlay of capital, and it can hardly be expected that it will give immediately a large return. Sir Edward Braddon in the paper read before the Society of Arts in London, on the 26th of April, remarked of our latest industry that New Zealand had Bhown how tho meat trade could bo carried on profitably, and year by year liad increased the number of sheep exported until sho had reached something like 2,000,000 a year. In 1851 tho gold raised in Victoria was of tho value of £580,548; and in 1852 it rose to £10,953,900, and in 1853 it readied : the maximum annual yield of £12,60(000, whilst for the nine years 1882-90 the annual average was £2,298,000. The total value' of .the gold raised in Australasia up td 1889,. at a price slightly less than £4 per oz., was £343,000,000. In some directions now Australasia had begun her career as a manufacturing country. Tho British public had put some £190,000,000 into railways and other undertakings in ' Australasia, and had encouraged the Australasians to push on with a vigorous progressive polioy, which had worked wonders already in increasing the national wealth. In the course of a discussion which followed, Sir Saul Samuel, referring to the financial crisis in Australia, said that some strange insane alarm liad been created, and people were not so ready to invest in colonial atock as they were a few years ago. Ho had no doubt that the Australian colonies would meet all their engagements, and the time would come beforo long when they would bo able to borrow money with the same facility as they did a few years ago. This sentiment, according to our most recent cable messages, is now being endorsed by British capitalists who once again arc looking to these colonics as offering u good outlet for the investment of their money with substantial guarantee for its safety. In connection with the reduction of tbo Bank of England minimum rato of discount to 2 per : cent. on the 28th of April, the Daily News 'piibiiBhcs the following remarks on tho policy noW'adoptcd:— Seldom has a reduction of the hank rato had Ipsb effect on the outsido market than that which was made to-dax. The joint stock hanks continue to allow 1 per cent, on deposits, and discount houses did not even meet to dis cuss a reduction of their allowances. Tho Bank of England, under its present management, apparently thinks 15i millions a sufficient, reserve, although the Paris exchange is little above tho gold drawing point, iheru is an actual Russian drain of gold, and an Austrian demand is threatened. Tho Scotch hanks, moreover, are withdrawing gold coin, and at the turn of tho month there will bo tho usual demand for home circula tion. In times like these, when we lend little or nothing abroad, the tendency is i'or money and money's worth to flow to Loudon as debts mature and loans are not re newed by London houses. It appears, however, that the Liddcrdale policy is modified. In the mid lie of Feb ruary the bank rate was 3 per cent., although tho bullion in the bank was nearly as much as at present. Tho change 'of policy is not only reassuring, unu it is to bo hoped that the directors hold themselves in readiness to mako a fresh advauco in their rato at the first sign of a serious drain of gold. With regard to the English wheat market, Messrs. Birkett, Sporling and Co. write as follows, under date of 28th April : — During the past fortnight tho grain market has been very irregular, us in spite of continued liberal arrivals of flour, some descriptions of wheat have fully maintained their value, whilst other qualities (notably Indians) are lower to sell, which has no doubt in a great measure been brought about by tho reduced freights and ex change. In America, although wheat is a shade in sellers favor, the market appears to have no pornianentstubihiy and to-day's improvement scorns loBt lo- morrow. On the Continent business is quiet, but there are buyers for that destination for cheap white wheat off coast. In colonial qualities there is very little passing, as holders prefer bringing their cargoes to tho coast rather than accept tho prices talked of by buyers. The weather here is warm and favorable for the growing crops after a long spell of cold. Adelaide and Melbourne: We have had several arrivals of new wheat which will sell at 38s. to 39a. per 496 lb., but the demand is not active. To arrive parcels on pnssugo to London offer at 35v. to 35s. 6d. per 480 lb., c. f. and I Off coast the Cicsarea, from Port Augusta, sold at 36b. 6d. per 480 lb., c.f. and i., to a Continental port. In cargoes afloat there is nothing passing, sellers' ideas being 36b. 6d. tn37s. Now Zealand: A few shipments have arrived. This descrip tion of wheat, in spite of being offered at less money, con tinues difficult to move. Wo quoto long berried, 37s. to 38s. 6d.; short berried, 35s. 6d. to 36s. 6d, tier 496 lb., bulked, ex granary. Of oats wc havo liad fairly good sup- piles, but with a better inquiry, ready parcels are soon moved off at Improved rates, and we quote to-day's value 219\. to 23s. per 320 11)., up to 25.s. to 28s. per 384 lb. In barley there Is nothing fresh offering. Maize we value at 21s. 6d. to 22s. per 480 lb,; beans, 38s. to 41s.; and ncas, 30s. to 48s. per 504 lb, in wheat cargoes business is dormant, us buyers are not willing to accedo to sellers' ideas. Tho Defensor, oats, off coast, sold at about 22s. per 320 lb., c.f. and i. to a U.K. port; and tho Doris is now on sale, condition imperfect; 20a. 3d. bid per 320 lb.,c.f. and i. California!): No. 1 Standard, off coast, sold at 33s. 6d., and Oregon 37s. 3d. To arrive, sellers want 36s. 6d. for passage cargoes of No. L Chilian : For a handy cargo of No. 1, off coast, 35s. 6d. (s asked : 35s. n3kcd for passage cargoes. Bombay : New No. 1 Club, April-May. offered at 34s. 6d.; May-June sold 34 h. 3d., White Delhi. May-June, 32s. 9d.; red Delhi, 31s. 6d., all for Hull. Calcutta : New No. 2 Club. March, sold at 33s.; middle April offered at 32s. 6d.: April-May sold at , 31s. 9d., buyers thereat, May-June. Karachi: Busiuess has been done recently at 31s. 6d. for o.d crop (white), May-June, hut no more' offering. Now crop is held too high for business at present. River Plate: A cargo of fine quality off coast sold at 33s. per 480 lb., c.f. and i. For curgoes on passage 32s. 6d. to 33s. 6d. asked, according to position and quality. For new crop maize June-August shipment per steamer, sellers ask 19a. Rye terms. Americau : Prices are rather better, 33h. 6d. being to-day wanted, for No. 1 Northern, May-Juno ship ment to London. Cane Colony: Wo value mealies nonilually, 23s. to 24s., but shipments are not likely to come forward. Queensland maize would make 21s. 6d. to 22s. per 480 lb., ex granary. Persian : With the arrival of one or two fresh steamers, our market is fairly well sup plied with this class of wheat, but the sample showing aro principally of poor quality. Wo value fine to best Bushiro 34s. to 36s.; secondary, 33s. to 34s.; cleaned Bag dad. shipped at Bussorah, 32s. to 32s. 6d.: secondary, 30s. to 318.; common, 29s. to 30a., ail per 4961b., bags weighed and paid for as wheat. On the snot barley is worth lis. Qd. to 16s. per 400 lb. Dari, 22s. to z4s. per 400 lb. Flour : There is no diminution in the supplies, but at the low values to which we have succumbed consumers scum more disposed to come in again, and there has conse quently been more bu iness passing the past week. There is some Australian offering on tho spot, and we quoto superfine, 26s. to 27s.; patents, 28s. to 29s.; New Zealand patents, 25s. to 26s.; Californian, 28s. to 30.; English, 22s. to 29s. ; American, 14s. 6d. to 20s., up to 22s. to 24s., and 26a. to 28s. 6d. for 280 lb. for the finest brands. Binco the 13th inst. the colonial arrivals hove been :— Tho Mur- rumbldgce, from Melbourne, 122 bags peas : tho ftwanmore, from Bluff, 30,704 bags oats; the Harbinger, from Melbourne. 5381 bags flour; tho Brussels, from Lyttcltou, 4217 bags oats: the Falls of Dee, from Mel bourne, 6897 bags wheat, 139 bags llour ; tho Chili, from Oamaru, 3289 bags oats; tho Taranakl, from Otago, 7280 bags oats; tho Crusader, from Bluff Harbor, 8778 bags oats ; the City of Agra, from Melbourne, 3883 bags wheat; tho Carte Blanche, from Adelaide, 501 bushels wheat, 1342 packages (lour; tho Raknia, Timaru, 686 bags barley, 4216 bags oats ; the Morialta, s., from Adelaide. 3954 bags wheat ; the Beechdale, from Invcrcargill. 6310 bags oats ; the Cordillera, from Port Chalmers, 12.635 bags oats; the Burniaii, from Iuvercargill, 3863 bags oats; and tho imports of llour from the United Statosliave been 149,462 baus aud sacks. Tho advices which appeared in our issue this morning in connection with the losses incurred at Mauritius through the roceut hurricane in dicate that tho sugar production this year will bo sensibly reduced. So far as Victoria is con cerned, our local refineries supply largely home wants for grocery qualities, but brewers' crystals and dry manufacturing sorts are still imported. Mauritius, it may bo said, pretty well absorbs tho Australian market for the former, whilst Queensland contributes a considerable propor tion of the latter. Of lato years, however, tho shipments of sugar from Mauritius to all Aus tralian ports have sensibly diminished, being tor the current season only 9,453 tons, as against 19,847 tons in 1891, and 25,579 tons in 1890. Tho effeot of tho losses referred to in Mauritius will not therefore materially affect our market ex cept for brewers' crystals. With the opening of tho month thero is, as usual, a little more doing in general business, whilst at this moment traders aro inclined to take a more hopeful view of tho future. . Tho season nil over tho world appears to ho an abnor mal ono, and honcc thero nro possibilities of changes of more or less importance in numerous staples. It is satisfactory to note that our gold yields aro beginning to improve, ami doubtloss as silver declines in favor we may boor of in creased attention to an industry whioh of lato has not attracted the attention it mny fairly olaim. Thero can be no doubt that increased prosperity in ourgold mining centres will spcodily be reflected in the metropolis, whilst if tho de velopment of new fields or tho extension of old proceed it will have a marked influence on a largo number of industries which in tho past have contributed to tho wants of our miners. It must not bo overlooked that tho great ad- vnnoos mado by science in connection with gold mining now mako it possiblo— whon practically applied — for reofs previously regarded as too poor to pay expenses to bo worked with profit. Henco it is quite possible that in the near future wo may havo to record a substantial improve ment in our gold mining industry. Tho wheat market is decidedly quieter to-day, millers having supplied immediate wants do not ex hibit tho same disposition to purchase. Tho rumor that one largo holder is disposod to sell quietly has also tended to induce tho impression that present prices may not hold. To some oxtont tills view is confirmed by tho telegrams to hand from Adelaide reporting that more wheat is offering in that market. Locally to-day about 1000 bags have changod hands at 4s. 3d. to 4s. 4d., according to sample; 700 bags at 4s. 4d., and 5000 at 4s. 3d. There is a good supply offering, and tho market closes at tho latter price. Flour moves off with a fair demand at £9 for stono dressed and £9 2s. bd. to £10 for roller dressed. We have a week's later ndvices from New Zealand, Dunodin reports of the 27th ult. say Tho weather during Inst, week has been very like what wo have experienced riironchout the summer, very broken utiu uiiaulliud, uiui Uiocitmng oi uruiu has uuutsetiueuliy been considerably retarded. Wheat.— Wo cannot chronicle anything oMnterest in regard to the state of tho market for this cereal since last report. As mentioned then, millers know there is plenty at hand any time they may require it, and speculators consider present prices ton nigh. The homo market is, if anything, weaker, nnd this has affected us slightly, and we. therefore, rcduco our quotations, viz.:— PrimoTuscan (very scarce), 1. 10d.; other sorts, good quality, 3s. 5d. to 3s. 8d.; ordinary, 3s. to 3s. 2d.; fowl feed (plentiful), 2s. to 2s. 6d. Hacks in terms. Oats.— This grain has met with fair attention through out tho week, aud prices all round have advanced nearly Id. por bushel. The question of interest to all is, " Will this rise bo maintained?" As far as wc can judge wc think it very likely will ho maintained, at tho same time it may simply be caused by the weather retarding de liveries, or by shippers receiving a few more orders during the week than they anticipated. In which case it will not be maintained. Wo are hopeful, however, that tho market will firm and continuo to firm throughout tho year. Wo quote as follows :— Prlmo milling. Is. 6£d. to Is. 7d.; short bright food, Is. 6d. to Is. 6jd.; medium. Is. 5d. to Is. 5jd.: inferior, Is. 2JdL to Is. 4id. Heed: Tar tarian, up to Is. 8jd. Barley.— The demand keeps good, and all to hand is readily placed at quotations, though anyndvance in price is not obtainable, and we would advise holders to take advantage of present high values, and quit what lines they still have. Wo quote :— Prime (Lakes grown) up to 3s. 7ci; prime ordinary. 3s. 5d.; medium, 3s. to 3s. 2d.; milling nnd feed, 2s. 3d. to 2s. 8d. (sacks 6d., less 2 4 per cent, for cash). Feed grains aro steady. A correspondent, writing in connection with tho question of oat prices, says : — The comments in your commercial columns in tho letter of Messrs. II. It. Carter nnd Co. concerning tho value of oats in our market aro to tho point, and show tho absurd reasoning of tho latter, values aro admittedly regulated by supply and demand, and It is evident from our large carry over stocks, continued supplies from the country districts and heavy decreased consumption, not only In tho city, but in tho country, that we have reached the point of overproduction, and nothing but decreased f;rowth can have any permanent effect on values. Assuin- ng that we carried over 80,000 bags from last season, our arrivals have been roundly 245,000 bags up to tho present date this year, which, with a consumption of 6000 bags weekly, would more than supply our wants for the year. This of course may bo disputed, but disinterested people aver that it is not far short of the mark. Values there fore can only be forced by speculators, but even thoy aro getting tired of carrying the baby so long, and now use less expensive methods of gaining their desired ends. It will be recollected that sorao largo purchases of old oats woi-o made at the close of 1891, and tho fact that only a proportion of these have yet gone into , consumption is really tho weak spot in the futuro of the market. Our snlos to-day include 400 bags of Algerian and Danish feed at Is. lOd. to 2s., and a small line of stout at 2s. 3d. Barley rather quiet ; a few small lots suitable for malting pur poses have been quittod up to 3s. lOd , but the gene ral demand is not brisk ; about 250 bags in all placed. Peas are steady ; 120 bags sold at 2s. 6|d. to 2s. 7d. Maize is placed according to sample. Juto goods aro moving off quietly, and so far little has been done, relatively speaking, in woolpacks. Under ordinary conditions in previous years the season's buying has been pretty well concluded by the middle of June so far as large lines aro con- corned, but this year the sales have been of an un usually restricted character. Small sales mentioned of bran bags at 4s. 3d. Candles aro moving off with fair freedom. Oils have a fair trade demand, orders for kerosone from tho country dis tricts coming forward freely. Castor remains quiet. With regard to teas, tho result of yesterday's public sales in Sydney roflectcd what occurred in our own on Friday last, importers having to mako concessions to induco business. This is hardly in accord with tho statements of the great inferiority of the new crop, upon which point, however, as has already been statod, opinions differ, and possibly we shall havo to wait the first arrivals before the question will ho determined. Private cable messages to hand to-day from Foochow state that tho first steamer for Aus tralia will not be despatched boforo the opening of July. If this proves correct tho sales here cannot open until the close of that month. As stated last week some early makes aro coming forward to Australia from Canton. Our sales to-day include 300 half-chests at 8£d.; aud 250 half chests heavy weights also placed at 9Ad. With regard to sugars. Messrs. Ireland, Fraser and Co., writing from Mau ritius under date of 12th May, 1892, report on that market as follows Weather and Crop.— We regret to advise that a ter rific hurricane passed over the island on the 29th ult., doing immense damage in tho harhor and to tho island iu general, tho destruction of property, damage to ennesnnd loss of life being very great. There had been signs of bad weather on tho 28th ult., but. no danger whatever was an ticipated, as the wind wns from N.K., mid the usual limit of the hurricane season lind passed nearly a fortnight. The storm began at about 10 a.m. nnd it blew very heavily from the N.E. until about 1.25 p.m., whon it fell calm ; tho centre passed immediately over the island, and the barometer fell to 27.95 in., which is the lowest recorded here. At about 3 p.m. the wind veered to the 'W.S.W., nnd blew with terrific violence, the rate at one time exceeding 121 miles per hour, and in the space of about two hours, out of 30 vessels in harbor, 21 hud stranded, including both the Gorernuieut tugs, and the upper part of Port Louis wns completely wrecked. The military havo been nt work searching tho ruins for the dead since the 30th ult. until now, and the l'rotestant uatheurai, town hall, barracks and Immigration depot have been turned into temporary hospitals. In Port Louis alone over 6C0 deaths havo been declared, several thousand persons havo been wounded, and out of a total of 9000 houses 3G00 have been destroyed. The reports from the country districts come to hand slowly, but there has been much loss of life and property. Hovor.il sugar houses have heen completely destroyed, notably, Richobois, L'Etoilc, Bassio, Midlands, aud a large num ber tnoro or less severely damaged. It is estimated that there wilt bo a reduction of about 50 per cent, in the coming crop, hut much will depend on the weather wo havo during the next four mouths, and. the above estimate may havo to bo modified later on. In any case tliere must be a large deficit. Since rhe disaster took place all ordinary work has been practically at a standstill. Iu tho harbor tho discharge of vessels has been much retarded owing to the scarcity of lighters— tho majority of the lighters belonging to the different establishments having either been sunk or driven ashore— nnd this must con tinue for a week or two. The principal warehouses and stores have on tho whole fared comparatively well, but a good many roofs havo been blown off, and it is feared a considerable quantity of goods, principally sugar and rice, is more or less damaged, but it has been impossible to umko any but a cursory examination up to the present. The dry docks havo been partly dis abled, the engine house of the larger dock having been unroofed and the steam and feed pii>es broken. At present only one dock is serviceable, and repairs to ves sels requiring to dock, of which there are many, must be retarded. The quantity of sugar received in town from 1st August to tho 29th April is about 110,388 tons, as against 119,845 tons for the corresponding period last year. Sugar Market.— Grey Syrups: Since the hurricane no business has been done, but previous thereto transactions were limited to tho purchase of about 12,000 bags on the basis of Rs. 7.60 for No. 10 D.H. The principal holders, however, showed no disposition to accept this price, asking Rs. 8.00, and although there were several inquiries no further business lias transpired. Tho stock of grey syrups is estimated at about 30,000 hags, and is composed principally1 of low qualities. It would bo difficult to make up a cargo averaging above No. 8 D.S., and we quoto this number at about 10s. lOd. per cwt., f.o.b., including freight to Cork for United Kingdom orders and cxchnncc, but nob insur ance. Grocery iSugars : Nothing has bceu done for Australia or New Zealand, butthero wns a small deniaud for tho Cape for shipment per s. Pretoria and u. Dun- robin Castle, which was met with ditliculty, the supply of finest white crystals and of line to finest yellow crystals being exhausted, nnd that of yellow counters of good color being very sinnll. .Shippers to Bombay were quiet before the hurricane, but havo since evinced a desire to purchase, and have paid former prices for a few odd lots they have been able to secure. Tho stock of sugar in store is small, and, about half being field for shipment to Inuin, business between now nnd the incoming of the new crop must be very restricted. Freights.— Our mar ket, which had been very dull before the hurricane, has since been completely upset. There has heen very little business done in chartering during the month, and there are at present scarcely any vessels in harbor in a position to take in cargo. Fresh charters to advise since tho issue of our last report are, the steamer UmfiaiJa, 1795 tons sugar to Bombay, at 6 anuas per bag ; the Strathspey (ashore), 5C0 toim general cargo to Reunion, for a lump sum of 7500 f. ; Vern, (o Diego Garcia, Peres Banhosand back, for a lump sum of Its. 5000. Tho Eurydice (ashore), will loud 2000 tons sugar for St. Helena, f.o.b., and the Leander (ashore), 1000 tons for UorK, f.o.b., on private terms ; the 8. Albion, 1C00 tons ; and the s. Taif, 1200 tons, for Bombay, under Indian charters. The Greyhound loaded 251 tons for Table Bay, under Capo charter ; the a. Pretoria, 285 tons; aud the s. Dunrobin Castle, 166 tons, for Capo ports, at 25s. per ton. Wo quote rates nomiunlly as follows Cork, for U.K., ordcra, 22s. 6d. to 25s.; Australia, 10s. to 15s.; New Zealand, 22s. t>d.; Cape ports, 25b. to 3Cs. per ton ; nnd Bombay, 6 annas per bag. Clearances for the colonies since tiiu 11th April, nil ; load ing or about to load for the colonics, nil- Locally, 50 tons of Mauritius whites sold for export at £22 5.S., and 10 tons of brewers' crystals for homo requirements. Oilmen's stores claim a fairsharo of notice ; 200 cases of Nostlo's milk placed at 7s. 3d.; 100 cases of Morton's 5 oz. salad oils at 5s. 3d.; lOOcasesof 10 oz. at 8s. 6d.; 250 boxes of clothes pegs at 2s. 7id.; 200 boxes of Nixoy's black lead at bs. 6d.; 25 cases of Lea and Porrin's half-pint sauce at 12s. 3d.; 50 cases of Robinson's patent groats at 8s. 6d.t and sales of ITeuihann's starch. Salt con tinues to move off freely ; a line of Livorpool coarse sold at 65s. Dried fruits firm. Our special corres pondent cables the quotation in London for Patras currants is 25s. 6d., and Vostizza, good ordinary fruit, 283. per ewt. Locally, 100 cases sold at 4il., and 250 boxes of sultana raisins quitted at 5Jd. Fish quiet ; 100 cases of kippored herrings taken up and a small lot of lobsters. Hops unchanged. Chemicals only dealt in, but the lines moving aro mainly thoso suitable for manufacturers' wants. Metals dull. The revenue collected at tho Custom House this day amounted to £6175 13s. 8d.; wharfage, £275 12s. 8(1.; contingent, £29 Is. 6d.; pilotage, £245 16s. lid. 