GENERAL GLEANINGS. The following wore tlio prices paid by tho butter factories in tho Berrima district for milk for September; Kobertson and Kangaloon, 5Jd por . gallon; Waratah, Emu, and ltobert son Park, sd; Pheasant Ground, 3?d. Mrs. M'Kie, daughter of Mr. W. Gannon, of Gunbar (in the Hay dis- trict) was killed while driving to Narrandera from Rogers' hotel, Mimosa last Saturday. The deceased lady was on her way to Gunbar to see her children. No one was with her in the buggy, and her body was found by some children. A jockey named Henry Willis, while exercising a horso at the Band wick racecourse on Saturday, was thrown against a fence and soriously injured.. Ho was conveyed to St, Vincent's Hospital aud admitted. On examination it was found that ho had sustained a fracture of tlio skull, and ho is now ia tho institution iv ft critical condition. Mr Sago, a South Australian vigueron, thinks that tho Australian wine trade in England, will increase if greator caro is taken in tho selection of vines and the best grapes arc used. Major-Goneral Edwards urges tho Colonial Offico to appoint some high military official Governor of Tasmania. Count Kaluoky says that the Triple Allianco is simply a defensive one, and that : nothing lurks behind it. He asserts that the prospects of Europo aro calm. A Eoyal Commission has been ap pointed to investigate tbo alleged wrongs of the evicted tohauts in Ire land. A Danish schooner has been wrecked off Yarmouth. Tlio crow of the vessel wore saved by swimming a distance of eight miles to tho light-ship Captain Cook. Tho sea was running mountains high at tho time. Tho Economist says that tho New South "Walos funded stock scheme will relievo fears as to the condition of the Australian borrower. Sir James 1\ Garrick, the Queens land Agent-General, has replied to the letters which have appeared in tho London press with regard to the alleged horrors of the Kanaka labor trade. Tho descriptions of these horrors, Sir James describes as mere samples of word-painting, the statomeuts made iv many of tho letters being absolutely falso. A meeting attended by about 2000 persons was hold in tho Domain on Sunday to protest against tho attempt to foist compensation on to Mr Kidd'a Local Option Bill. Resolutions to that effect were unanimously adopted. Pour working men have boon elected to the New Zealand Legislative Council The Victorian Government ha? agreed to tho proposal of South Aus tralia to increase the number of mem bers ou the Pcderal Council. The annual meeting of tho New South "Wales Rifle Association com menced at Randwick ou Monday morning. The weather was fine, but there was a strong wind blowing all day. William Smith, residing at Duke- Btreet, Woolloomooloo, supposed to be a cabman, drew Paris in Tattersall'a consultation for Caulfield Cup; Mr Bagster, of the Royal Exchange, Adelaide, drew Tarran, and Miss Wright, of Little Docker-street, Rich mond, Victoria, Clonard. Cholera has broken out in tho city of Hang Chow, China, and hundreds are dying daily. The citizens blamo tho Europeans for tho introduction of tho disease, aud havo arrested aud be headed Beveral of them. The result of the Caulfield Cup was known in New Zoaland two minutes and twenty-five seconds after the finish. Mr Justice limes says ho does not bolievo in the practico of allowing prisoners to give evidence on their own behalf, which he considers only opens the door to perjury. A railway signalman named Thomas Holland, stationed at Junco Junction, in jumping off ono engino wasjenocked down by another aud soverely injured. Tlio Brazilian Government aro in viting 1,000,000 immigrants to tho country. Tho British Board of Trado advises intending emigrants not to go to Brazil. Tho Irish leaders havo decided to place tho funds lying in Paris banks in tho namo of tho late Mr C. S. Parnell under the control of a committee of tho Irish National Party. Mr Howell, manager of tho Broken hill mine, says that during Friday some of tho most compotont minors on the field returned to work. At Goulburn on Saturday Mr 11. J. M'Cooey. a naturalist, was putting a black snako into a bottle whon tho reptile bit him four or livo times on the index finger of the right hand. Mr M'Ccoey simply washed his hand with carbolic soap iv salt-water; and, although ho had a fainting fit, ho soon recovered and seemed uouc tho worso for his experience. A couplo of spurious bank notes, imitations of the £1 notes issued by the Commercial Bauking Company of Sydney, have been discovered- in. Sydnoy. Tho imitations aro very clever, indeed artistic, and might easily be taken for tho genui no money. Tradespeople should bo upon their guard, as it may bo presumed that more of such frauds will be attemptod to be passed off. Whilst Mr Toohey was speakiug on tho loan vote in tho Assembly on Thursday night Mr Johnston, member for Balmain, interrupted him. Tho member for South Sydney had been drawn off by a romark from tho Colonial Treasurer, aud was roplyiug direct to him, when tho ex-Labor niem bor for Balmain interjected, " Who's tho Chairman ? " Quick as lightniug Mr Toohey answered, "It won't troublo you much after next election who is Chairman." Soon after Mr Johnston got tired of tho iiuuucinl debate nud withdrew. 