Reviewer. Publications Received. "MISSING FRIENDS." "Missing Friends" (T. Fisher Unwin, London; 313 pp.) forms one of the Adventure Series now being issued by those publishers, and though unlikely to claim much attention as a work of literary art, it will no doubt be read with muoh interest by those who care to know what hard life in a new land means. The writer describes his own adventures as a "Danish Emigrant in Queensland " from 1871 to 1880, and though he is by no means an ideal settler it is to be feared his story is that of far too many men in Australia. Arriving at one of the Norlhem ports absolutely withont money, but with a good trade, he quickly finds employ ment at a rate fair enough for a man of his experience, but soon gathers sufficient knowledge of colonial work and ways to con si 'er himself entitled to the current rates. Then, feeling himself able at any time he likes to go baok to the towns and make three or four pounds a week, he abandons himself to a roving career, in the course of which he several times falls a prey to the adventurer and the swindler. Then in turn he preys upon others, keeping a grog shanty near Bavenswood until in a drunken spree he reveals the spot where his accumulated wealth is hidden, and is robbed of all his cash. This incident starts him on a prospecting tour in the direction of the Palmer, but like many others he never reaches that supposed El Dorado, being kept back by flooded rivers and want of rations. This, with a brief period at wages as a oarpenter on the Herbert Biver, and a bitter experience near Townsville, where he enters into partnership with another, outting and carting hay into the city, and again as carpenter on one of tho Darling Downs stations, pretty well completes the story of ten years wanderings in Queensland. During that time the writer, aooording to his own account, makes many failures through his own foolish ness and his roving disposition. The reader is apt to wonder (assuming the record to be a reasonably accurate account of what happened to the subject of the Btory) whether the Danish immigrant ever learned wisdom of any kind, and whether he is still " humping bluey" over Queensland plains or is peradventure amongst the unemployed. Perhaps, for there is evidently a Btrong vein of chivalry in his nature, he has at length married a wife and "settled down" to work hard, and most likely with but a poor degree of success, to gain for his family some small proportion of the money he a few years back regarded so recklessly. The -book, as we said, is likely to be widely read, and though perhaps some of the stories told will be regarded with incredu lity, it may safely be taken as a fair account of what many men have gone through in the Bhape of hardship and privation, suffered too often withont the justification that some good end was to be served. The publishers have done their author ample justice in both printing and binding, and the book is well illustrated. " Bound the Compass in Australia." This work of Mr. Gilbert Parker (published by O. Hutohinson and Co., London), is a well got up book of about 450 pages, in which Australians may see themselves as others see them, or at least as Mr. Gilbert Parker, a Canadian, has seen them and their country. Various parts of the book have previously been published in magazines and newspapers. Bright sketchy glimpses of Australian life in its various phases are given; the great industries are described at length; and the burning ques tions of the last few years are discussed from different points of view. There is plenty of local colouring in the sketches, and the author is Dot to be blamed for dramatising and dressing his narrative in attractive form by introducing imaginary Australians who are not featured quite according to the original pattern. He gives us the facts, and no one will quarrel with him because he has chosen to present them in picturesque form. Mr. Parker is not complimentary to Brisbane. He says, "No, Brisbane i 3 not the least poetical Brisbane is in ap pearance scraggy, low-built, and premature. It is far from picturesque as a whole, and first impressions are not changed by closer inspec tion. There is a sense of disappointment, which grows deeper as the sojourn in the capital is continued. Twenty-five thousand trees would make Brisbane beautiful. They would glorify its nakedness; they would give it altitude; they would bring some thing of moisture, comfort, and health. One gets the impression now of a town that is but half-dressed, and what it must be when midsummer has arrived I refuse to conjecture." In writing of the public buildings, the author finds a few worthy of praise. The publio means of conveyance in the city also receive a word of praise. The Brisbane horses, Mr. Parker says, are well kept, and travel well. The "carman" and that individual's graphic pioture of " Sir Sam'l," is evidently one of the fictional character sketches introduced by way of pleasing variety; or, perhaps, to convey the author's opinions on publio men and affairs. Mr. Parker is gracious enough to say that " For quiet comfort, Brisbane leads the colo nies in the matter of hotels." Several other compliments are paid to oar institutions, and the chapter on Brisbane ends by an emphatic assertion that " the larrikin and the larrikiness do not exist" here. The next chapter deals with " The Queenslander and His Heritage." Here the anthor flatters us heartily. " Let us see," he says, " why the Queenslander, while a hearty, pushing, upstanding fellow as he is, is also self-sufficient; and being so, is not to be hot-potted for it. . . . Looking baok on his thirty years of existence as a citizen, I think the Queenslander has something of which to be proud. His territory, which to wards the sunline covers 1300 mileß, and to wards the west reaches 400 miles, gives him altogether a foothold and a board of action near 700,000 miles square. Is there any fault to be found with him, because he 'wisibly swells,' and thinks he is the most outstepping, soundest- limbed colonist in Australia ? Statis tics are given relating to the population, the number of pastoral runs, live stock, yield of gold, number of sugar-mills, miles of railway and telegraph lines, *o. The labour and separa tion questions are pasted under flashes of fore- Bight. The faith of Queenslanders in their oountry seems to the author "to be the latent strength of the land that bides its nascent time, of whioh all previous workings have been premature. If I were a Queenslander," he says, " I should believe in it with all my heart; for the vast tropical rains cannot wash her out, the angry sans cannot dry her veins, the mis takes of politicians cannot destroy her; she can be smitten seven times, and even seventy times seven, and yet her forces will be climbing to the tableland of action and radiation." The legislators of Queensland at work are sketched, and word portraits, more or less acou rate, are given of the leading men. The sketoher seems to have had some difficulty in delineating Sir S. W. Griffith, but to have been quite at home in sketching Sir Thomas M'llwraith. He is a man, Mr. Parker says, " who commands attention at once. The stranger could not but be impressed favourably by Sir Thomas M'llwraith; his enemies must acknowledge the force of his presence, his sup porters must feel his power of leadership. He has a fine bearing, and seems never so much in place as when sitting on the Ministerial Bench, or when leaning over the railing in tke Council Chamber, and watching some debate in pro gress. He carries with him a dignity that would make an impression in any Chamber, and that must affect favourably the daily habit of the Queensland Assembly." We have not space for further quotations, but can assure our readers that the book is one whioh should find a plaoe in every library, large or small, in Aus tralia. Fully a fourth part of the book deals exclusively with Queensland and Queensland affairs; and it would be difficult to find in any other source so much interesting information in such oonoise form and so attractively dressed. •• The Flight of the Shadow," by George Mac donald, is a good story well told. The able and well-known author has eleoted that a lady shall be the story- teller. She tells her own happy love story, and weaves in with it an interesting romance connected with the family history in the generation immediately preceding her own. The thread of mystery which winds in and out of the tale reaches a very satisfactory demue ment at the close. The book is published by Messrs. Gordon and Gotch. "Sister Dolorosa," by James Lane Allen. The author of " Sister Dolorosa" is a native of Kentucky, and the book is one of a class which is more numerous in America than in any other land—namely, books which deal with the baffling cross-currents of religious life and the longings of the natural heart. If " Sister Dolorosa" portrays a true type of life, it is a sad one. It is the story of a tender feminine heart divided between love and faith, and which never on earth finds the bond of union to ve-unito its severed chords. There aye many fine passages in the book, and several which may be regarded as holding the germ and suggesting the whole plan of the story. David Douglas, Edinburgh, publisher. " Mrs. Featon," by W. E. Norris. Mrs. Fenton is a clever woman, who had seen something of the seamy side of life. One chanoe came within her reach, whioh, however, did not rightly belong to her. She tried to profit by it, bat fiokle fortune eluded her, and left her stranded. The story of her adventures, after replying to an advertisement in the Sydney newspapers, seeking information as to the whereabouts of a missing heiress, is well worth reading. Messrs. Gordon and Gotoh are the publishers. 