ENGLISH TELEGRAMS. LONDON. Ootobet 16. I The brokefa blame Mr. FitEgibbon for being too "hasty in placing the Melbourne Metropo litan loan on the market. They say had he tyaited better terms would have been got. It iB urged that a Governor of high military tpputation should be appointed to Tasmania. He could then act as adviser to the other colonies on military matters. The Government of Brazil say there is room in the country for a million immigrant*. The Board of Trade warn English emigrants of the hardships likely to be experienced, and point to the last attempt to settle there as illustrating this. Floods have done damage to the crops in Yorkshire and North Wales. The Irish funds in Paris are to be placed nnder the joint control of the MacCartbyite and Parnellite sections of the Home Rulere. This settles the dispute. Justice Matthew will preside over the com mittee appointed to enquire into the feasibility of reinstating the evicted Irish tenants. The Austrian Chancellor, addressing the delegations yesterday, said the European out look was unusually calm. He said the world bad nothing to fear from the triple alliance, which was solely maintained in the interests of peace. Colonel Master, a Conservative, has won the Beat for East Gloucester, made vacant by the death of Mr. Winterbottom, a Liberal. Cholera is making great havoc in China. Large numbers are dying daily in the province of Sanchow. Silver has now risen to 3s. 3§J. per oz. It is feared that the P. and O. steamer Bokhara has perished iu a typhoon. Mr. Blaine urges the Irish voters in the United States to vote for the Republican ticket in the forthcoming Presidential contest. He alleges that the .Democrats were their former oppressors. The Chin riding in Northern India is still engaging attention. It is said that 2,000 Chins are preparing to attack Fort White, which has only a slender garrison, and as the country is difficult to traverse fears are enter tained that the garrison may be reduced to great straits before it can be relieved. The friendly Chins are being invited to render help. Russia is pressing Turkey to allow her war shipa in the Black Sea a free passage into the Mediterranean. Great Britain intimates to Turkey that whatever privilege is accorded to Russia she will expect the same for her war ships. The Pall Mall Gazette, which has hitherto been Home Rule in politics, has changed hands, and it is expected the new proprietary will go in for the Ministry policy. Private Marshall has been expelled the Life Guards for mutiny, and in addition was sen tenced to 18 months' imprisonment. The French have again defeated the Dahomeyans. The Frenoh Mission to Morocco is trying to arrange for additional fortifications at Tangier under the direction of .French engineers. It also asks for leave to establish a Franco Moorish bank. During a gale off Yarmouth yesterday a Danish schooner foundered. The crew attempted to swim to a lightship, distant eight miles from the soene of the wreck. A terrible sea was running, in which several BBrisked, but the captain and cook reached the ghtsbip in an exhausted condition. A bliEzard of extraordinary severity has occurred in Colorado, U.S.A. Winds obarged with ice and snow blew continuously for two days, and many people were frozen to death. October, 17. The Times oom meats upon the recently ap pointed Commission to report as to the beGt means by which the evicted Irish tenants may be reinstated on the land, and deectibes members as being, with the exception of Sir Justice Matthew, the Obairman, without the slightest claim to authority. The article expresses a doubt as to whether landlords ought to appear before Buoh an influence-lacking body. In replying to a letter asking whether the Imperial Parliament possesses any right of veto over the Colonial legislation, Mr. Gladstone has writ* en slating that he is not aware of any difference between the veto of the Crown ana that of the Parliament. Lord Roaeberry, in feply to a similar letter, expresses bis belief that the Bale veto which the Imperial Parlia ment can place upon Colonial legislation con sists of an abstract right to over-ridn Colonial ficU by means of laws to be specially enacted with that object. Colonel Turner, a Munster magistrate, who has shown great activity in carrying out the duties of his position, has been dismissed. 