A Noted Philanthropist. ABBIVAL OP THE EABL OF MEATH.—The Earl and CountesB of Meath arrived in Adelaide on Monday iromin». They will stay in the city until Thursday, and they will be the guests of Bishop Kennion. The Earl is announced to address the quarterly meeting of the Bishop's Home Mission Society at Christ Church Schoolroom this evening. INTEBNATIONAL CRICKET. — The match England v. Australia was continued on the Adelaide Oval on Saturday in lovely weather. The brightn ^s overhead, however, in drying the wicket rapidly after the n : ght's rain, helped the bowlers, who had tbe batsmen at their mercy. The Englishmen concluded their innings for 499, and the Australians were then put out for 100, and nearly twice too, for 8 wickets fell in the second innings for 124\. The game will be concluded this morning, and no charge will be made for admission to the Oval. Sir E. T. Smith has invited the members of the teams and a number of prominent cricketers to the Acacias to-night. THE MACDONNELL RANGES PBOSFEOTING PABTIES.—Messrs. Deane and Masson, the leaders of the MacDonnell Ranges prospecting parties, who were recalled about three months ago after spending something like twelve months in tbe ranges, have forwarded long reports to the Minister for the Territory, giving detailed information as to their movements. The reports show that a large area was prospected, but the results were not as satisfactory as could be wished. Minute quantities of gold were found in various localities, but, as Mr. Masson points out, the parties had not time to thoroughly prospect the ranges, and consequently it would be unwise to condemn them because the parties did not make any startling discoveries. THE UNEMPLOYED. —The Commissioner of Public Works has completed arrangements for the dispatch to-day of fifty more married men from the ranks of the unemployed to Happy Valley, where they will be employed by the Ensineer-in-Chief. Mr. Jenkins has also dccided to send twenty-five to the Gorge, where Mr. Moncrieff will keep them at work for a feiv weeks removing pipes which are not of any use in their present position. The Com- missioner has provided work for nearly 200 men during the last three weeks, but there are still many idle men to be 6een in Victoriasquare daily. BONUSES FOB BLTIEEIN VICTORIA.—While in Melbourne, on his way back from the Hobart Conference, the Hon. W. Copley, M.L.C. (Minister of Education and Agriculture), interviewed Mr. Graham (the Minister of Agriculture in Victoria) on the subject of butter bounties, concerning which there has_ been some talk in this colony of late. Victoria had aslidirg scale forthe export of butter ranging from Id. to 3d. per lb., the amount of the bonuses corresponding to the prices realized for the artide in England. The bonus system was introduced in the sister colony with the object of encouraging the exportation of butter of first-class qualitj—butter which would give a good reputation to Victoria. The results anticipated were not realised, for a practice came into vogue by which exporters bought job lots of butter and sold them as one brand on the home market, Victoria has now settled upon a uniform bonus of 2d. lb. per lb. paid on the export of butter whii h is up to a certain standard, and has been tested by a Government Inspector. Mr. Gral-am told Mr. Copley that not long- ago the Danish Legislature made certain provisions with regard to the export of butter. Copies of the Danish Bill are expected to hand by the Victorian Government shortly, and the South Australian Government will receive some. DISTINGUISHED VISITOBS.—The Earl and Countess of Meath are expected to arrive in Adelaide to-day. Reginald Brabazon, who sits as a Liberal in the House of Lords as Baron Chaworth, is the twelfth Earl of Meath, and in the fifty-second year of his age. His lordship, who was educated at Eton, and who succeeded to f he title in 1S87, has been in the diplomatic service in Berlin and Athens ; been an Aldermen in the London County Councillor, and is a Privy Councillor. He married in 1803 Lady Mary Jane Maitland, only daughter of the eleventh Earl of Lauderdale, and they have a family of four eons and two daughters. Tbe Earl and Countess of Meath have, while visiting some of the other colonies, given valuable support to the Ministering Children's League, which was started under the directorship of her ladyship seven years ago. The object of the League, which has spread to America and the colonies—numbering 40,000 members—are briefly to promote kindness amongst children and supply the necessities of the poor. The Earl of Meath is announced to speak at the Bishop Home Mission Society's meeting to-night. LIYE-SAVIKC APPLIANCES. — The Daily Graphic of Thursday, February 18, announced that tbe proprietors of that paper offer £100 for the best means of establishing communication between a stranded ship and the shore or a boat. The sketches or plans of a selected number of the schemes submitted will be published. The merits of the various proposals are to be decided by experts. A NOTED BIGAMIST.—'xje San Francis a papers have (says the Argus) been giving some attention to the case of an adventurer named Madison, who seems to have Deeming's partiality for constantly seeking out wives and quickly getting rid of them, but in a harmless w: y. His latest victim, Mrs. Lucinda Dawes, a respectable widow, of Elmira, learned that her husband had recently married another widow, si St. Louis, and robbed and deserted her at Cleveland while on her wedding trip. Socn after he appeared at Elmira. He straightway won the other widow's heart, and she married him two days later. At his instance she then sold her effects, and gave him the money, as they were about to start for San Miguel, Califora-'a, where, as he said, he owned a fine fruit farm. Madison went out to buy tickets and never came back. Mrs. Dawes learned that Madison had been in California underthenameof Anderson, and that he had drserted a young wife thereafter robbing her, besides swmdlirg others out of £1,000. 3e went to Germany, found his wife's mother, who lives there, and was about to get hold of her money when she received a warning through a letter from her daughter. Then be appeared in Chicago, met another confiding woman, and married her under the pretence of owning 1,200 acres of land in Michigan. She shared the fate of her predecessors. Since J""s original marriage in San M : -»uel and between that and his marriage to Mrs. Dawes, Anderson married a Danish immigrant girl at Cherokee, Iowa. He went with her to Omaha, where he robbed her of her money and deserved her. He went east, and at Hoboken met another young Danish woman. Learning that sue had considerable money he married her. He was living with her in Boston wnile he was corresponding with Mrs. Dawes. While he was ; n correspondence with Mrs. Dawes he married a widow who Jived in Kansas City, got $2G0 of her money and disappeared, and also marric-d a woman in Galena, 111., who was treated in like marner. His sixth victim was Mrs. Dawes. TheSt. Louiswidow seems to have been the only one of Anderson's dupes who set to work to hunt the fellow down. She put detectives on his trpek, and ho was found in Albany in a fair way to secure his seventh victim in that city in the person of aweH-to-do widow. He was arrested, and placed in gaol in Cleveland. Five of his wives signified their intention to appear against him when he i-omes to trial. His original and only legal wife obtain'd a divorce from him two years ago. CCLUVATION OF FlBBE IN VICTORIA.—Mr. J. Knight, the fruit expert of the Victorian Agricultural Department, has forwarded a report to the Secretary of that department concerning the fibre seed distributed by it some months ago among farmers in various parts of Victoria. He states (according to the Argus) that nearly all of it has thriven in a manner that will excite an interest in its cultivation, and, if the action of the department is carefully followed up by the issue of suitable information regarding the treatment of the fibre, the experiment will most likely prove a highly beneficial one to both the farmers and the State. On the northern D aias good samples of hemp have been produced, and he believed that, with tbe assistance of irrigation, highly remunerative yields could be obtained. The Eeed has also flourished in Gippsland. There is, however, a want of knowledge regarding the after treatment of the raw material, and also an absence of suitable machinery in the colony for the purpose, many of the crude appliances in use by those who are experimenting being insufficient to produce samples suitable for competing with the imported article. Mr. Knight adds that he intends to make enquiries as to the prospects of the trade introducing the necessary machinery, as he is confident that assistance in that way would be of great benefit to those entering into the growth of hemp. A sample of Victorian-grown libre has been tried at the rope works of Messrs. James Millar & Co., Melbourne, and judging from the result the Victorian-grown article promises to equal the imported hemp. SALE OF NEW ZEALAND PBOPKBTIES.—The firstsalehasbeenannounced of theBankof New Zealand Estates Company, Limited,on April 20, Messrs. Guinness & Le Cren, of Timaru, in conjunction with the New Zealand Loan and Mercantile Agency Company, being the auctioneers. The two properties to be submitted are situated in the Timaru district, South Canterbury, and comprise altogether about 9,310 acres, of which the estate of Riverslea, to be sold in twentythree lots, contributes about 3,000 acres freehold and 1,610 acres leasehold. Arowhenua contains about 4,700 acres, and will be submitted in twenty-two lots. 