? {ARGUS MESSAGES.) LONDON, 13th October. Another case of insubordination has occurred in tbe British army. A quantity of harness belonging to the Army Service .Corps (late the commissariat and transport staff), at the Coleworth Barracks, Portsmouth, has been destroyed, as a protest against the extra drills to which the men have lately been snbjected. Among tbe passengers by. tbe R.M.S. Kaikoura, which leaves London to-morrow for Tasmania and New Zealand, are the Earl of Burford, the eldest son of the Duke of St. Albans, and the Most Reverend Daniel Murphy, D.D., Roman Catholic Arohbishop M Hlbart. ' j 14th October. Geologists who have examined the country deolaje that German East Africa is virtually barren, in minerals. ^ 15th October. A man named Marshall, belonging to the 1st Regiment of Life GuardB, stationed at Windsor, a number of whose saddles were recently destroyed, has been tried on the oharge of having incited his comrades to stick together and not reveal the names of the offenders. He was found guilty and sentenced to 18 months' imprisonment and to be dismissed from the regiment. The latest intelligence from Dahomey states that tbe French, who are advancing on Abomey, tbe capital, have again defeated the forces of King Behanzin in the vicinity of the capital. Tbe French lost only 24 men, all privates. 17th October. Great depression exists in the iron trade in Glasgow, due to the acceptance of low contracts by the mine-owners. Tbe cholera, whioh has committed terrible-^ ravages in Persia, has now disappeared from the country. During the prevalence of the epidemio over 60,000 persons died: "The Marquis of Ripon has informed the London Labour League that the Government is unfavourable to a system of State-aided emigration, as the colonies require such strict guarantees with regard to immigrants. 18th October. The loan of £1,000,000 issued by the Melbourne and Metropolitan Board of Works has been taken up by the public at tbe fixed price, £95. ' The reinforcements despatched to Fort White, in Upper Burmah, have reached the fort. It is proposed to have a horse race from Vienna to Rome, similar to that _ which recently took place between Berlin and Vienna. It is suggested that prizes should be awarded aaoording to the condition in whioh the horses arrive at their destination. The Russian Government has decided to settle 1000 Cossack families in the valleys of tbe Little Alai Range, in Ferghana, north of the Pamirs, with a view to their forming a permanent guard on the Pamir frontier. Russia also purposes to form a Cossack army there. (AGE MESSAGES.) LONDON, 13th October. The Congregational Union has demanded the diaendowment of the State Church in England and Wales. In connection with the Columbus celebration in America, splendid pageants have been held in New York. A prinoipal feature was an immense symbolic electric oar, containing 3000 lights. 14th October. A number of members of the Anti-Popery Association have drawn up for popular signature and presentation to the Queen a petition requesting her Majesty to refuse assent to the reoent election of Alderman Knill as Lord Mayor of London. Alderman Knill, being a Roman Catholic, declined to aocept the post if it were required of. him that he should officially attend Churoh of England servioes, but be offered to find a locvm\t7ietu to attend to this duty, and, after a hostile display on the part of some members of thfeleorporation, he was ehosen for the position of Lord Mayor. < 3?pmble devastation has been caused by a fire'whioh broke ont yesterday in Sioux City, capital of Woodbury County, State of Iowa, and situated on the Missouri river. The fire burnt furiously, and a great portion of the city was destroyed before its progress was checked. About 600 families have been rendered homeless. . An explosion of fire damp took place yesday at a colliery in Shamokin, in Pennsylvania, United States. The explosion caused a considerable part of the workings to fall in, and 13 miners are entombed alive. ! According to the latest aooounts there iB no hope of. the men being rescued. , The Russian Government is again bringing pressure to bear upon the Sultan of Turkey in connection with the navigation of the itosphorus. ] The Russian diplomatists now olaim that the necessities of her commercial marine, whioh is allowed free passage from the |)laok $ea through both Bosphoras and Dardanelles, justify the passage of her worships also. . | The Turkish Government is strongly reiif ting the claim. , - • ' j The by-election for Cirencester, rendered necessary by the death of Mr. Winterbotham (Gladstonite), M.P., has resulted in the return to the House of Commons of Colonel \ Master ; (Conservative) by tbe narrow majority of 4 votes /bver Mr. Lawson, the Gladstonite candidate/ . [At jfce reoent general elections, Mr. Winterbotham polled 4207 votes to Colonel Master's 4054.] 16th October. Heavy and continuous rains have fallen in various parts of England, culminating in severe floods. In Yorkshire and North Wales the orops have been ruined owing to this cauBe. Li Hung Chang, the Senior Grand Secretary in China—the highest position to which a Chinese official can aspire—is reported to have beoome insane. He is 69 years of age. A terrible blizzard has been experienced in Colorado, one of the Northern States of America. For two days without intermission the sleet fell, driven by a strong wind. Many persons who were exposed to the storm were frozen to death. A piteous tale of suffering and loss of life iB narrated in connection with tbe wreck of a Danish schooner off Yarmouth last night. The vessel sank BO suddenly that there was not time to lower the boats, and the only hope of the captain and crew was that they might swim to a lightship at a distance of 8 miles from tbe scene of the disaster. The sea was running mountains high at the time, and only two—the oaptain and the cook—succeeded, in reaching the lightship. The remainder were drowned. 17th October. The First Regiment of Life Guards, stationed at Windsor, among which reoently a strong spirit of insubordination exhibited itself, has, in punishment, received orders to remove from its present quarters to Shomoliffe barrackB. It has also been announced that for the future this regiment of the Household troops will be employed on foreign, instead of home, service. Lord Randolph Churchill, who is regarded by the new Conservatives as their leader, has expressed disapproval of the platform adopted by that section of the Conservative party whioh ia endeavouring to secure, by concessions to labour, the support of the Labour party. Mr. Arnold White, who waB lately engaged by Baron de Hirsch to report npon the state of the famine afflicted districts of Russia, and who have since been devoting attention to the distress in England, states that the number of persons unemployed in ' London is not ICBS than half a million. It is annonnoed that the British Admiralty has given orders for the construction of 14 torpedo boats to strengthen the navy. An American telegram reportB that a double sculling match between Hanlan and O'Connor and Hosmer and Gaudaur, rowed yesterday, was won by the latter pair of oarsmen. Colonel Dodds, the offioer who commanded the French military expedition in Dahomey '• which recently inflicted a crushing defeat on the troops of King Behansin, has complained to his Government that the Dahomeyans were assisted in the campaign by German subjects, who taught them how to construct earthworks to repel the French attaoks upon their towns, and also supplied them with European firearms of the lateBt type. In consequence of Colonel DoddB' report, the French Foreign Minister has made representations to the German Government with respect to the alleged breach of neutrality by German subjects in Dahomey. 18th October. Mr. George Fowler, an eminent and wealthy merchant of Liverpool, recently deoeased, haB by will bequeathed £100,000 to English charities. An American telegram reports the capsizing of a schooner in the Caribbean Sea, off the coast of Honduras, during a hurricane. The disaster was so sudden that nearly all on board the vessel perished, thtf-eapttiiliand - 16 men being drowned. 