THE KANAKA LABOUR QUESTION. Mr. W. Kinnaird Rose, who is at present in Edinburgh, writing on Kills March to a friend in Brisbane, discusses pretty freely the latest news to hand from Queensland. Concerning the coloured labour question he says : I go heart and soul in ter the new policy of land-grant railways (I always was a thorough believer in them and an extension of Polynesian labour. We cannot afford to allow Northern Queensland and great part of Central Queensland and the Wide Bay district to revert to a jungle, and six millions of capital in machinery and probably ten millions in cultivation improvements to be confiscated destroyed, all because Lane, ] Hinchcliffe, and Co. (1 use those names to describe a system, not in an offensive personal sense) have issued a ukase, " There shall be no more immigrants Italian, German, Danish-nor any coloured labourers - kanakas, Javanese, Japanese, Chinese, or Hindoos." Read all history and you find that agriculture everywhere cannot bear the wages of manufacturing industry, and it is impossible (as impossible . as it would be to regulate Sunrise) to create regulations by State or trade combination which would give or afford the same rate of pay to the tillers of the soil as to the diggers for coal or gold, or the makers of clothes, or furniture, ite. To black labour per as I never had the slightest objection in Queensland or elsewhere. On philosophic grounds I think a permanent black oloniontor strain in the population of Australia would bearing against futurity -the parent of terrible race feuds and other dangers. Those who think otherwise should read what is going on in America about the negro, and what the best thinkers, sociologists and politicians, there are writing and dreading. But the material conquest of Australia cannot be delayed, and will not be erected (margins. case, Hinchliffe, and Co.) by a philosophic doubt or Um possible struggles of many gone rations bones. Thou labourers,' black or brown, being necessary, their immigration-. either by contract or by recruiting must be made absolutely safe from fraud and compul- sion, or cruelty. Ample supervision of engagement should secure this, if agents of character And paid a sufficient salary to resist the suspicion of corruption or favouritism bo ora toyed. Then there should be careful supervision of the labourers on the different planta- tion districts by Government inspectors, well paid and of good character, like the " pro- tectors " in the West India These being offered I would cover Northern (tropical) Queensland with labourers, and in ten years you would see a revenue from that country twice as large as is derived now from all Queensland. Let anyone who scoffs at coloured labour and what it can do under white supervision, with the interests of the natives "protected," take a journey to Java. The rains up country in Java was to me a revolution. There is not an acre without a crop or in course of preparation for one. The peoples happy, cheerful, over laughing, joyous, singing, eating. God bless me ! the little children have a string tied round their little bonnet to keep them from eating too much. That is, there is feed everywhere (no poverty as seems to be present in Australia just now, and as heaven knows, too prevalent to heartbreak in every town in this old country) -and the little kids would eat, and do eat, until the string becomes too tight to be comfortable. Ah, me! down in the slums where I was during the frost and the snow I could not help thinking of these happy Javanese laughing their days away and shouting at play in the rivers or lagoons, and contrasting their lot with the poor wretched, hungry eyed, lank limbed, starving, miserable beings who exist under the shadow of the luxury of West Endism. The ' other night it was 5deg. below zero, or '46deg. of frost, and that night I saw little children who sought repose on bare flags and covered by the thinnest of rags ! There is nothing to me so terrible as cold, and yet I have seen urchins seemingly quite happy under bare feet and a ventilating shirt when I could not keep warm in furs. . 