The Advertiser. PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY. THUnSDAT AND SATURDAY tMORNING. Bairnedale, eiadsay, Decesber 13, 1892. TE?OGU the council of the Bairnsdalo School of Mines has not gone the length of someo sister institutione in other districts, of giving notice to the teachere that their services will be die pensed with at the end of the current year in consequence of the action of the Minieter of Education in refuesing to grant a renewal of the old main tenance grant, there can be no doubt that unless the newly framed regula tions have been sadly misinterpreted it will be impossible to keep the school open after the end of the present month Hitherto the maintenance grant allowed has been at the rate of £600 per annum. Under the now re gulations, ao interp reted by the mom bers of the council, the yearly allow. ance will be between £130 and £150. W hopeo MAr Peacock, or the two ex pert officers of the department whom hle has promised to send through the country to personally explain to coun cils of schools of miniles the full mean ing and true bearing of the depart. mental ukale, will be hable to convince un that the regulations can be read two ways. and that wthcn tlhe ky to them is supplied by the official mind they are of a much more libeoral nature than they are believed to be when uncx plained. In the case of the Ballarat school, we know, the president esti mated that the allowance under the new regulations would be £1500, whereas ir Peacock slates that it will be £2120. And similar discrepancies of estimates at to phobhblo income have been made with almost all the other schools in the colony-the schools in every instance under-calcu lating their allowance. W.O have watched in vain as to how Mr Peacock and his officers arrived at results so satisfactory to the dissatisfied schools. The modus operandi is apparently a de partmental secret, or incapable of being explained on paper, otherwise there would be no necessity for either the Minister himself or two expert offlicers from his department to have to visit each school in turn specially to interpret their own regulations. It is for this purpose Mr Peacock has been invited to visit Bairneusdale on an early date, and it is for this purpose he has accepted the invitation, and upon hisl liberal or illiberal interpretation of the regulations will entirely depend whether the school will be kept open or closed. So far it has been singu larly unfortunate in having no real friend at court to do battle on its be half, and had it not been for the dogged pertinncity with which the members of the council hold on to it, and refused to surrender even when supplies were all but completely cut off, there would have been no school of minee building standing in the town to-day. Inch by inch-brick by brick -the building may be said to have been dragged out of the Government. Had the Government kept faith with the town in the first instance, and not systematically baulked the community in establishing a school of mines here, the school would have been in as good a position as any other country school in the colony. But through having no building of its own, and no apparatus, no pupils, other than those for the art classes, could be enrolled, and no sub stantial progress could be made. The schoel, as a matter of fact, cannot be said to have vet been oeened in the now building, and it will take from four to six months to get the various classes organised and have everything put in thorough working order. It would be manifestly unfair, therefore, to put this school on the same footing with those of older established ones. We would ask, and with the full hope and assurance that the money will be well spent, that the school be given at least n chance to live. The great good these institutions will work in the lives of the people has not yet been realised by either Parliament or the officers of the Education department. That ultimately they will become almost self- supporting it is only reasonable to hope. In the meantime, it is sorry retrenchment that would destroy at one feloil swoop, for the sake of saving £5000 per year, such great educa tional agencies, which are placing within the reach of the middle classes thle means of a technical training that could not be acquired save by con tinuous residence in the metropolis that is placing the country resident desirous of advancing himself-- in technical education on a level with his hitherto more favored fellow workman in the metropolis. A letter from Mr Geo..Vogt Ihas to stand over'for want of space, The Bairnedale County Court will sit to-day, opening at 10 a.m. For to-morrow's live stock salei at Flemiogton the numbers expected for ward are 1600 cattle, 22,000sheep and 9000 lambs. A sum of £5000 of loan money which theb Omeo Shire Council had transferred to the ordinary ace ount has been put back into the loan fund, the auditors having disallowed the transaction. Dr Lyater Nolan has been ap pointed health officer of the Bruthen and Bumberrah ridings of the shire of Tambo, vice Dr Duncan, resigned. On Sunday last the as.e. J.O.D. made her first regular Sunday excursion trip from Bairnadale to the Entrance. Notwithstanding that the weather was not very favorable before starting, a good number of passengers embarked, and, on-the whole, the trip was well enjoyed. A visit was made to Bairnodale on Sunday afternoon last by the s.. Dargo, under charter to the Sale Borough Brass Band. As in Bairns dale, the weather in Sale in the morn ing was very threatening, and only a limited number ventured: to leave home. Some 800 pans, te the order of the Bairnedale Shire Council, arrived from Melbourne yesterday. These will be used in connection with the Heess (or day) service, which will come into operation in the town next month. A portion of the new gas holder for the Bairnadale company, which is to be erected above flood level, has come to hand. The remaining portions are now on the way out from England. and will arrive shortly. The new holder is to have n storage capacity sufficient to provide over a week's sup ply of gas alter the fires are put out at any time by the rising of flood waters, and this is estimated will be ample provision to make for guarding against loss and inconvenience by future inundations, as hitherto it has always been possible to relight the furnaces a week after the heaviest flood. A meetina of the committee of the Bairnedale Pastoral and Agricultural Society was hold at the shire hall on Saturday afternoon last, when there were present thie president (Mr R. Cochrane, J.P), Messra W. D. Hey. wood,T. D. Rowe, Rev. E. G. Veal, 0. Seehusen, E F. Capon, J. Sutherland, D. Williams, D. Davis. J. Cameron, Roev. S. C. Flockart, J. Yeates and the secretary. It was decided that ar rangements should be made for paving the prizes on Wednesday, the 21st inst. The accounts in connection with the late show wore presented and passed for payment subject to being found correct. So far as could be ascertained the receipts and expendi tureo will about balance, but later on a detailed statement will be published. Another old Gippland iesiduo, Mr John Lloyd, of \Vurruk WVurruk, died suddenly on Sunday last, at the ripe age of 73 years, In the list of persons who paid their respects to Lord Glasgow, the now Governor of New Zoaland, at the leve? held by his lordship at Auckland on the 25th ult, we notice by the re port of the .T.Z. lHerald a uniname that somoe people in Bairnedalo might wishli they had never heard of before-J. D. Proper Morgan I On their late visit of inspection to Bairnsdale, the acting railway com mis?ioners, it will be remembered, with the view of competing with the cheap steamer freights, intimated that they would have to considor what further stops they should take to induce traffic upon the line, as although the conces lion they had made of convoying goods from MelboUrne to here at £1 per ton, providing not lees than six tons were sent in the one consignment, had somewhat restored the traffic that had been lost by the reduction of the steamer freights, the -ereonuo received was still of an unsatisfactory nature. The commissionors have now come to the conclusion to waive the six ton minimum, so that for the future goods will be conveyed from Melbourne by rail in largo or small quantities at the rate of £1 per ton. As will be seen by the advertisement from the Railway department in the fourth page of this day's issue, holiday excursion tickets will be issued to and from all stations (suburban excepted) from the 19th inst., till the 3rd Junuary, 1893 (both dates inclusive, Sundays excepted), available for return for one calendar month from date of issue. Example :-An excursion ticket issued on the 3rd January will be available to 3rd ]F'ebruary. When the last day falls on a Sunday the ticket will be available till the next day. The journey must be commenced on the date the ticket is issued, but after a distance of 15 miles has been travelled the journey may be broken, at the discretion of the passenger. Towards the close of last Saturday's meeting of the committee of the Bairnsdale Pastoral and Agricultural Society it was stated that were a horticultural show held in the Theatre Royal in March next it would be very generally supported and would be sure fo yield a handsome profit. In fact it was said that two or three gentlemen wore disposed to guarantee the society against loss if the committee would take the matter up. It was decided that a meeting should be convened early in January to discuss the pro posal, the prevailing opinion being that the suggestion was a very good one. Recent advices from London indi cute that notwithstanding the un usually favorable season experienced by English dairy farmers, and the consequent increase in the local pro duction of butter, the shipments for warded from this colony under the auspices of the Agricultural dopart. ment are realising good prices, a cer tain indication that Victorian butter has established a reputation, despite the keen competition of the Danish and Normandy products. Messrs \Vood, Dunn and Co., of Melbourne, have received a cable message from their London agents announcing that a consignments forwarded by Mr David Mitchell, of Lillydale, per the steamer Cuzco, realised 12G6 per cwt. This is a very satisfactory price-the highest so far obtained for any ship ment of this season. The consignment which was on Saturday despatched by the mail steamer Orient amounted to 112 tons. The comparative smallness of the lot is due to the fact that the cool chamber space on that vessel is exceedingly limited as compared with that on the other vessels of the P. and O. and Orient steamship companies. The Secretary for Agriculture applied for space to send an additional 100 tons, but the request could not be complied with by the agents, owing to the space previously taken up by the Sydney shippers. Satisfactory progress continuee to be made with the construction of the new direct road from Bairnedalo to Omen via Mount Baldhead. The next contract to be let will complete the road within two miles of Mount Bald head. Beyond that point compara tively little making will require to be done to make the road fit for vehicular traffic, clearing and grubbing consti tuting the chief work at the Omen end. If the Government would only co-operate with the Bairnsdalo Shire Council at once in assisting to furnish the sum required to properly complete the road, the entire work could be finished easily before the end of the summer months, and at a much cheaper rato than later on. Persons who have seen the completed portions speak very highly of the character of the work, and are unanimous that for cheapness it is unmatched in the entire district. The subject came before the last meeting of the Omeo Shire Coun cil, held last week, on a report sent in from the Public Works department, in wvhich it was stated that the steepest grade was 1 in 14, and that at an average cost of £300 a mile the read could he made easy for wheel traffic. To complete the unmade portion of the Tambo Valley road, some 15 miles, an expenditure of £20,000 would be necessary, and then that road would be impassable in flood time, whereas the Mount Baldhead road, which will only require an expenditure of £8000 (additional to the amouut being laid out by the shire council) to complete it right through from Bairnedale to Omeo, would be trafickablo in all seasons, and be a much euperior road in every reapectd. t is stated that the overdraft of the Omeo Shire Council at the present time is not far short of £4000, and that there will practically be no re ceipts until May, wlhen some £2000 will be received from the Government. The bank has notified, says the Taele graph, that the overdraft must not exceed £5000, so that the situation is simply that the council will have only £3000 to carry on willth during the next six mouths-a long way shlort of the amount required to paiy nlaries and wages and other ordinary ox ponses. On Toesday, oays the S. R. loail, Mr Jensen, ono of the M'Culloch pioneers, paosed through Orboot with a maill caravan, comprising five vehicles, in which were bestowed his hou.ohold good andl his fiumily, numbering 13 porsono in all. The party travelled overlhmnd from Kynoton, being i x wooks on tihe road, and oex. pected to reach their destination on Wednesday lost. This is the kind of settler most wonted in Cronjingolougs and we eobo the sentiments of every one in the district in expressing the hopo that fortune will smile upon him, aoid that he will never have cause to regrot his immigration horo. About the beginning of last week a raft came ashore near Mfallacoota In let, reports the S. if. Mi?ail, which ap peoared to have been used for the pur pose of scape or to have been washed overboard from some passing vessel The raft is triangular in shape, measur ing 18 feet on each side; it is sub stantially built of strong deal plankis, weighted with four cannon balls ouse ponded from each corner, and the deck enclosed with bulwarks of canvas fastened to strong iron etancheons. There are no marks by which it can be identified, but it is supposed to have come from a large vessel. As a result of the steps taken some time ago by the Briagolong people, who formed a company for the purpose, a fruit canning plant is now in course of erection in that district. This season, says tihe .ercu'ery, no less than 18,000 fruit trees have been planted there, and as an instance of the value of co-operation, it may be mentioned that the committee of the proposed companywrote to tihe leading nursery men in Melbourne on the subject, with the result that by purcheasing in quan tities the trees were obtained at8s per dozen, the usual price being 18s. It is now being felt that that essen tially Australian animal, the kangaroo, will soon become extinct in this colony, if some action is not takenforits protec tion. Unlike several other native animals, the hangaroo does not enjoy the immunity of a close season, but is subjected to be hunted and massacred throughout the year. Tihe Forest de partment has communicated its desire to the Customs department to have the kangaroo protected in the Govern ment forests of the colony, but accord ing to the Game Act no proclamation can be issued unless for tihe whole of the colony. As an important export trade is carried on in kangaroo skins it is considered inadvisable to protect the marsupial in all ports of the colony, and in order to meet the wish of the Forest department in the matter the Minister of Customs has decided to in troduce a bill amending the Game Act so that a proclamation may be issued applying to any particular part of the colony. Accounts are at the receipt and pay offico, Bairnsdale, for H. Anderson, C. Browne, Desailly,T. Donohue. Forsyth and M'Donald, J Giles, J. Hensleigh, J. Hopkins, A. W. Hasall,E Jonson, F. Kreymborg, H. Lennox, R. Leech, C.Lawson, May and Abbott, D. C. Morgan, A. Murray, 3J. Marriott, J. M'Leod and another, 3J. Nichol, Per mewan, Wright and Co., H. Petersen, H. Payne, H. E. Robinson, Sunboam Gold Miining Company, W. Stevens, E. Watt, J. Bull, H. Cameron, J. Evans, A. Jorgensen, O. Lind, L. Ross, W. Shiel, R. Townsend, A. R. Worthim and 3J. Calvert. Fresh tenders are called for the erection of a powder magazine at Omen. Tenders are invited by the Public Works department for landing and spreading dredgings from the shipping berths at the Mitchell River, Bairns dale. A sale of Crown lands will be held at Orbost on Wednesday, the 21st inst. The particulears of the lots to be sold will be found advertised in our fourth page. A number of prospecting board election notices is advertised in this day's issue. They will be found in the fourth page. Messrs S. Feilchenfeld and Co draw special attention of the nladies of Bairnsdale and surrounding district to the fact that, although they have the largest workroom in Gippeland, it would be advisable to leave orders for dresses to be made up for the holidays in ample time. By doing so the workmanship will be far better than by rushing the orders through at the last moment. Messrs S. Feilchenfeld and Co. give general satisfaction in this branch of the business, the prin cipal wedding trousseaux of the town and district having been furnished at their establishment. During the last six months not a single dress required the slightest alteration after leaving the workroom, which fact alone speaks volumes for the manner in which the dresses are turned out. Ladies at a distance need only send an old body and skirt length, and they will thereby secure a perfect fitting garment. The prices are most moderate, viz., from 6s 6d, and the styles always the latest. AnT. As the Christmas and New Year holidays are approaching, S. Feilehen feld and Co: hope all orders for gentle men's suits will be sent in at once to prevent disappointment. Money will be saved by ordering through S. Feilchenfeld and Co, who guarantee a first-clase article, a perfect fit, at prices ruling from 40s upwards.-AnT. In order to meet the great demand for summer goods before Christmas, Shannon Bros. have just opened a magnificent supply in all their depart ments. These include the novelties of the season in Millinery, Mantles, Muslin Delaines, Dress Goods, &e.;, &e.; These goods they have bought, owing to the existing depression, at a great sacrifice, and they are going to give the public the henefit. In spection and comparison are earnestly invited. They would like all their patrons who wantdrcsses made by their experienced dressnmaker to call as soon as poessible, also those who want suite mado to measure before Christmas, as they are stre to bo rushed later on and cannot be ao satisfactorily aerned. Shannono HTros are offering tho follow ing goods at the undermentioned re duced pricer for the Christmas trado: -Feucy prints, from 2,d per yard Iloylo's washing pints, from :a ltd wool delaines, splendid patterns, at 7.d per yard; all-wool delainite, choico French goolds, at t9d per yard, worth 1 lid; dress materials, 2s Id doz, also name double width materialo at from 8t per yard-theso goods are worth lo.-Aer. Protect your night I Suy Riehter'o lye t'resevere ; great variety ; from 2a Out to 1o1 6d.-O. Rtlchter, watchmaker and jeweller, Mlain street, Iloriedale.-[ eT. I 