TELEGRAPHIC. Ijoxi'ON, Oct. 12. A. number 01 members 01 the Ani.i-1'opcry Association have drawn up for popular Big nature nnd presentation to the Queen a petition requesting her Majesty to refuse assent to the recent election of Alderman Knill as Lord Mayor of London. Alderman Knill, beiug a Roman Catholic declined to accept the post if it were required of liiui to officially attend Chnrch of England services, but he offered to find a locum teitenn to attend to this duty, and after a hostile display on the part of some members of the corporation, he was chosen for the position of Lord Mayor. An explosion of fire damp took place yesterday at a colliery in Shamokin, in Pen nsylvania, United States. The explosion caused a considerable part of the workings to fall in, and 13 miners are entombed alive. According to the latest accounts, there is no hope of the men being rescued. Terrible devastation has been caused by a fire which broke out yesterday in Sioux City, capital of Woodbury county, State of Iowa, aud situated on the Missouri liiver. The fire burnt furiously, and a great portion of the city was destroyed before its progress was checked. About 500 families been rendered homeless. Further intelligence has been receivrd from the Gilbert Islands, from which it was recently stated 500 natives had been sold as slaves to plantation owners in Central America. It is now alleged that the Gilbert Islanders were suffering severely from famine, and it was for this reason that the 500 natives alleged to be sold into slavery accepted food and work in Central America. A serious outrage has been committed by Moonlighters at Athboy, in County Meath, 35 miles from Dublin. Police-inspector Lilly was attacked by a gang of ruffians, who nearly murdered him. Mr. John Morley, the Chief Secretary for Ireland, has declined to provide police pro tection in the case of evictions except during the daylight. The Times, commenting on this decision, considers it an attempt to intimidate the sheriffs. Messrs. Tirard, formerly Premier and Minister of Finance, Leron, Dairolles, and Foville havo been appointed to represent France at the International Monetary Con ference to consider the silver question, which meets at Brussels 011 November 22. This selection is taken to imply that there is little hope of any result being arrived at by the conference. Last month an actress named Ruby llussell, who had been living at Fulham, near {London, 'with Mr. Heron, a surgeon, was found dead under very suspicious cir cumstances, and it was believed that her death had been caused by poison. After the discovery Mr. Heron committed suicidc. The inquest 011 the deceased actress was concluded to-day, when the jury returned a verdict that death had resulted from poison ing by morphia. The jury further declared that Mr. Heron was in no way to blame for her death. The Amateur Athletic Union of the United States, suggests that the first of the proposed Pan-13ritannic contests should be held in connection with the Carnival of Sport which it is intended to hold at the Chicago Exbibi bition next year. At this carnival, the com petitions will be for tho championship of the world, and the Athletic Union offers to make arrangements with a committee in Australia, so that Australian athletes may take part in the competitions. Mr. Astley Cooper, the promoter of the Pan-Britannic contests, welcomes the proposal. An important announcement has been made at Simla by Lieut.-Gencral Henry Brackenbury, one of the members of the Council of the Viceroy of India. The Gene ral declared that England would maintain the independence of Afghanistan against all aggression. The rising in Upper Burmali continues to spread. According to the latest advices the native civil police have joined tho insurgent Chins. A great many members of a secret society have been arrested by the Russian police in Lithuania. Among those who have been seized is a judge of the High Court of Jus tict. A quantity of harness belonging to the Army Service Corps (late tho commissariat and transport staff), at the Coleworth Bar racks, Portsmouth, has been destroyed, as a protest against the extra drills to which the men have lately been subjected. Among the passengers by the 11.M.S. Kaikoura, which leaves London to-morrow for Tasmania and New Zealand, are the Earl of Burford, the oldest son of the Duke of St. Albans, and the Most lleverend Daniel Mur phy, D.D., lloman Catholic Archbishop of liobart. Mr. Justice Forster, of New South Wales, sails for Sydney by the Orotava 011 November 4, and Mr. T. A. Dibbs, the gene ral manager of tho commercial Banking Company of Sydney, by the Himalaya, on January * ? Mr. J. G. Blaine, formerly Secretary of State in America, who unsuccessfully sought lo secure nomination as the Republican candidate for the Presidency of the United States, is working loyally to secure the re election of General Harrison, who was chosen is the candidate of the party. Mr. Blaine lias expressed a hope that the Irish vote will be cast solidly against Mr. Grover Cleveland, the Democrat candidate, as the Democrats were formerly their oppressors. A piteous tale of suffering and loss of life is narrated in connection with the wreck of a Danish schooner off Yarmouth last night. The vessel sank so suddenly that there was not time to lower the boats, and the only hope of the captain and crew was that they might swim to a lightship at a distance of 8 miles from the scene of the disaster. The sea was running mountains high at the time, and only two — the captain and the cook — suc- ceeded in reaching the lightship. The re mainder were drowned. A terrible blizzard has been experienced in Colorado, one of the Northern States _ of America. For two days without intermission the sleet fell, driven by a Btrong wind. Many persons who were exposed to the storm were frozen to death. Heavy and continuous rains have fallen in various parts of England, culminating in severe floods. In Yorkshire and North Wales the crops have been ruined owing to this cause. The Peninsular and Oriental Company's R.M.S. Bokhard, engaged in the trade be tween India, China, and Japan, is overdue at Hong Kong, and fears are entertained that the vessel has been lost in a recent severe typhoon. She was on a voyage from Shanghai. The by-election for Cirencester, rendered necessary by the death of Mr. Winterbotham (Gladstonite), M.P., has resulted in the return to the House of Commons of Colonel DiaSlBl UJ '''J' ity of 4 votes over Mr. Lawson, the Glad stonite candidate. At the recent general elections, Mr. Winterbotham polled 4207 votes to Colonel Master's 4054. General Edwards, who visited Australia a year or two ago for the purpose of inspecting the defences of the colonies and offering suggestions for their improvement, has for warded a memorandum to the Colonial Offioe in which, referring to the approaching retirement of Sir Robert Hamilton from the post of Governor of Tasmania, he urges that an officer possessing high military qualifica tions shculd be selected for this position — one who would be capablo of advising the si ? - ? ikn nllmp /inlnriias wifVi r/srrn.r/1 UOVeiUUlS Wi DUC v«uvi -wo—— to strategic movements in case of war breaking out. The Colonial Office has received 30 applications for the position of Governor of Tasmania. The Government of Brazil has taken steps to bring prominently under public notice in England the resources of that country, and has invited 1,000,000 immigrants to settle there. The Board of Trade authorities have published a notice warning intending emi grants not to go to Brazil. A further advance has taken place in the price of silver. The closing quotation yes terday was 3a 3gd per oz. The total quantity of wheat afloat for the United Kingdom is 1,589,000 quarters, being 77,000 quarters more than last week. Best Australian wheat, ex warehouse, is quoted at 34s to 84s 6d per 496 lb ; do, off coast car goes, ex ship, 33s to 33s 6d per 480 lb. Extra superfine flour, ex. store, per 280 lb., 24s 6d to 25s. Australian tallow, average quality : — Beef is slightly lower, at 24s to 24s Gil per cwt ; mutton unchanged at 25s 6d to 26s per cwt. Heavy sides, , Australian leather, 7d to 7£d per lb. Basils, common to fair, 12Jd per lb ; do,- strained, best, 14Jd per ' lb. Heavy ox hideB, salted, 2f d to 2$d per lb ; light do, salted, 2j)d to 2Jd per lb. Antimony 20s higher, at £44 per ton. Pig irin, G.M.B. warrants, without change, viz., 41s 6d per ton. Boiled beef, best brands, 4id per lb. Mr. Fitz Gibbon, . chairman of the Mel bourne and Metropolitan Board of Works, states that he is not pleased with the price at which the loan of £1,000,000 is to be offered, namely, £95. If the brokers had consented to wait a little longer before offering the loan a larger price would, he is convinced, have been obtainable. Each of the isBuing banks — namely, the Bank of Victoria, the Com mercial Bank and the City of Melbourne Bank — is tendering for £50,000 worth of the debentures. The proposal of the Treasurer of New South Wales to raise £1,000,000 by means of Treasury bills in London, in addition to the local borrowing of £3,000,000, has made an unfavorable impression in the city. Financial authorities generally disapprove of the pro posal to place Treasury bills on the London market. The dispute between the rival sections of the Irish party relative to the control of the funds which were deposited by the late Mr. Parnell with Messrs. Munroe, bankers of Paris, has been settled by compromise, and the litigation which has been commenced in order to settle the question as to which party shall control the fund will in all probability be abandoned. It has been arranged that the funds shall be placed under the con trol of a joint committee. The appointment of the royal commission to iuquire into the complaints of evicted Irish tenants which wuo promised by Mr. John Morley, Chief Secretary for Ireland, in response to demands by the Home Rule party, is now officially announced. Sir James Charles Mathew, Justice of the Queen's Bench, will preside over the commission, which is required to ascertain the cost of reinstating the Irish farmers who havo been evicted. Intelligence has been received from China of a violent outbreak of cholera in the city of Hang Chow. Hundreds of deaths are oc curring daily, and the city is in a state of panic. The appearance of the disease was attributed by the Chinese to the European residents, who were attacked by rioters, and several of them were decapitated by the in furiated rabble. Count Kalnoky, Minister for Foreign Affairs in Austria, delivered a speech yester day in which he made allusion to the pre sent situation in Europe. The Triple Alliancc, Count Iialnoky said, is entirely a defensive combination. Nothing lurks be hind it ; it is nothing more than it pretends to be, namely, a union of Austria, Germany, and Italy for mutual defence. The parties to the alliance had preferred that they should be bound together by an unwritten treaty, and the fact that they had been con tent to depend merely on an honorable understanding showed how strong was the confidence reposed in each other by the allied powers. The future onlook, Count Kalnoky said, was perfectly calm. Latest intelligence concerning the revolt in Burmali states that 2000 Chins are prepar ing to make an attack on Fort White. The British force at the fort is small. The operations of the British are greatly ham pered owing to the difficult character of the country. Sir James Ganiclt, Agent-General for Queensland, has replied in the London press to several letters which have been published condemning in severe language the Polyne sian labor trade, and the employment of islanders on Queensland plantations as thinly veiled slavery. Sir James Garrick assures the British public that the horrors which have been so graphically depicted by the denouncers of the Queensland Colored Labor Act have have no existence in fact, and that the writers of tlie hostile letters have simply been indulging in illusory word paintings. A cablegram has been received in London from Mr. Marwick, the accountant sent to Melbourne by the English croditors and shareholders of the Mercantile Bank of Aus tralia for the purpose of investigating its affairs. In this message Mr. Marwick ex presses the opinion that tlie reconstruction of the English and Australian Mortgage Bank, as proposed by Sir M. H. Davies, is not feasible. The Financial News, commenting on the case of tho Queensland Trust and Land Mortgage Co. v. Sir Thomas M'Hwraith, Sir A. Palmer, and other ex-directors of the company and Mr. Griniley, observes that the decision of the Full Court of Queensland, recently given 011 appeal against the judg ment of the Chief Justice, though it relieves the defendant directors from financial re sponsibility in respect to the loans and advances, which were the basis of the action, does not prove that the securities on which these advances were made by the company were sufficient to justify them. The annual meeting of English share holders in the Freehold Trust Company of Australia took place to-day, when a dividend at the rate of 5 per cent, per annum was declared. Mr. Aitcheson, who presided, stated that the company had reached the limit of its borrowing powers, and that the directors did not propose to increase them, at least until after the return of Mr. Young from Australia and the reception of his report. Mr. Slade was elected a director of the com pany. 