WINDSOR MURDER. THE "RIPPER" THEORY. Deeming at Nova Scotia. LETTERS FROM A WHITE- CHAPEL VICTIM. An American Deeming. In the Marriage Line. A Man With Many Wives. LONDON, April 12. The police have received important infor- mation which tends to confirm the theory that " Jack the Ripper" and Deeming, the Rainhill murderer, are identical. It seems that Deeming resided at Nova Scotia for several years, and was well known to many of the inhabitants. One of his acquaintances at that place has informed the police that Deeming was in communication with the woman, Mrs. Eddowes, who was murdered at Aldgate on the night of September 30, 1888. The informant asserts that during his residence at Nova Scotia Deeming displayed letters he had received from the murdered woman. The San Francisco papers have been giving some attention to the case of an adventurer named Madison, who seems to have Deem- ing's partiality for constantly seeking out wives and quickly getting rid of them, but in a harmless way. His latest victim, Mrs. Lu- cinda Dawes, a respectable widow, of El- mira, learned that her husband had recently married another widow, at St. Louis, and robbed and deserted her at Cleveland while on her wedding trip. Soon after he appeared at Elmira. He straightway won the other widow's heart, and she married him two days later. At his instance she then sold her effects and gave him the money, as they were about to start for San Miguel, California, where, as he said, he owned a fine fruit farm. Madison went out to buy tickets and never came back. Mrs. Dawes learned that Madison had been in California under the name of Anderson, and that he had de- serted a young wife there after robbing her, besides swindling others out of £1000. He went to Germany, found his wife's mother, who lives there, and was about to get hold of her money when she received a warning through a letter from her daughter. Then he appeared in Chicago, met another confiding woman and married her under the pretence of owning 1200 acres of land in Michigan. She shared the fate of her predecessors. Since his original marriage in San Miguel and between that and his mar- riage to Mrs. Dawes, Anderson married a Danish immigrant girl at Cherokee, Iowa. He went with her to Omaha, where he robbed her of her money und deserted her. He went east, and at Hoboken men another young Danish woman. Learning that she had considerable money he married her. He was living with her in Boston while he was corresponding with Mrs. Dawes. While he was in correspondence with Mrs. Dawes he married a widow who lived in Kansas City, got 260dol. of her money, and disappeared, and also married a woman in Galena, Ill., who was treated in like manner. His sixth victim was Mrs. Dawes. The St. Louis widow seems to have been the only one of Anderson's dupes who set to work to hunt the fellow down. She put detectives on his track, and he was found in Albany in a fair way to secure his seventh victim in that city in the person of a well-to-do widow. He was arrested and placed in gaol in Cleveland. Five of his wives signified their intention to appear against him when he comes to trial. His original and only legal wife obtained a a divorce from him two years ago. 