Ri isa?t monthly meetlny of the Rodney '~i8hire Couicil f . held at the Tatera so A?ll on"Monidryt it, ?res e Hoga (presi- R' "=dent), WalsheAllen,' l iodgt, teCOat ten, and Lancgster being presert: I conausivonsP Eed pr From Peblio Health Board, ina tply io an application : for sa enemetery site lsear Kyabrai,; stating" a repott witf be 'necessary from the health-officer to aide the board in striving at a decision' r n the matter.--Health oflfete'atended to. I From C. A. Argyle, solicitot; for warding transfetof title of a street it' Kyabram fron' Mr Feiniughty to the ahire.-Received.. From---W. J. Gilebrist; batrieref, t giving his opinion as to the proper d . method of 'valuing rateable propetty, and forwarding Act No. 1268 on the subjet.:-.Received, c From Dr Trood,: forwarding his account for £15 6G, and askinrg for a i officer fot the shite.-To be complied d with, and a cheque for £1010s to be forwarded. From the secretary of the Tatrfra hall, otifying that 5s instead of 2s 6d would in future, be charged for holding the meetings of the shire in the hall. Received. From Colac shite, asking the co operation of this council ilY urging utpon FParliament the ieceesity of ,assing a Width of Tires' Act.--Received. From Country Fire Brigades' Board, stating the board has approved of the application to have' Kyabram included in the North-eastern Fire District, and that steps are now being taken to have some gazetted.-Recceived. From Boorandara shire, stating they have no bye-law dealing with the Iight pan service. The nightmanr contracts direct with the residents, and collects his fees personally.-Received. From Country Fire Brigades' Board, asking for contribution for .ctrront qua~ver, ending December 31.-To be paid. From Masor of Broken Hill, making an appeal for help towards the relief of the unemployed on account of the late labour strike.-Not entertain'cd. From Health officer, MIooreopnn, notifying-two eases of typhoid fiver in Mooroopna.-Rocei'ved. From N. S. Bartlett and Co., stating they will make the survey and plan of deviation in Morrell-street, Mooroopna. -Bendigo building society informed to this effect. From .1. Hickey,. fooroopna, con; plaining of the' contractor stopping his urains leading into the' street; also the entrance to his hotel gateway. He had to erect a crossing and put in drain pipes, and lie intended suing the council. -No action. From W. J. Gitchrist, replying to letter with reference to charge for remov ing night.-soil, saying the matter would have his attention during the Week. Received. Front Country Fire Brigades' Board, giving date of nomination for seats on the local committee and on the Board, -No 'action taken by the President. From J. W. Horwood, Castlem'aine, asking the council to purchase another street roller for £6GG:- eceived. From Mooroopna water trust, request ingthat the valuer be instructed to value the property within the Mlooroopna water district separately.-To be atten ded to. From solicitors to the Dhiurringilo estate, asking what steps have been taken for transfer of old roade.-Replied to by the secretary. From Dr Lapierre, hal'th officer, Kyabram, complaining of the state of the gutters at Commercial. bank, post office, and at Sir Connell's, Kyabram. -Tihe secretary arithorised to have same attended to at a cost of £1 10s. From bandhurst district prospecting board, asking the council to support the candidature of Hay Kirkwood for a seat on the board.-Received. From Dr Lapierre, forwarding copy of a report on the proposed site for a cemetery at Kyabram.-Report for warded to health department. Fromr Immigrants' Aid Society, ask. ing for a donation.-No action. From W. J. Gilchrist, giving his opinion on the levying of a pan-tax on the residents of Taturn, Kyabram, and Mooroopna.-Receivcd. From Walker and McKay, offering to do some work on the blooroopna Sheppnrton road for £4.- Accepted, and the repairs done very satisfactorily, From Country Fire Brigades'.Board, forwarding a list of candidates nomi nated for seats on the board and local committee, and asking the council to tote for two of the gentlemen .-Meuns Shoppee and Crawford were voted for. From W, H.-West, Lancaster, stat ing the rate collector had made applica cation to him for rates, which should have been payed by Mlr Archibald. The land was transferred to him free of all encumnirance, Mr Areliball being in occupation until August, s891.-~No aciloii. From same, statinogthat as tbhe coun cil objectedl to a strip of land between his Ilac and a one-chain road being soldl to limn by thie lands de'partnuent, he would point out tlhat the strip was not a portion of a 2-chain road, and he hoped the council would withdraw their ni ctio.n.-To stand over until next. meeting. From Messrs Kavanagh and Young, askling the council's permiission to con struct a water clhannel, 14 feet wide; on the side of the one-chain road bietweeim the properties of Messrs O'Dwyer, Mellon, Florance, and Breber. 'lh channel would be fenced in if required. Permission granted. . From A. Hepburn,, forwarding chelque for '3 10s for del asturing cattle iin Ileu of one he gave to Douglas, which was irregular.-Reeeived. Fiom F. Whitbourne, Kyabram5 s·tating tihat H. Humphries and John Simpson have bought- portions of, his propetty, and should be rated'forsuch. Referted to collector. From? r. J. Raines, North Merchi son, forwarding .cheqfse for ratss. Referred to collector. ftom inspector of nuiensances, Tatira, aliin'g the cooacil to put a notice in the paper warning people against allowing theit cattle to wander on the streets. To be complied with. From C. A. Argyle, asking if 'iny fates are due on allotments in' Moo foopna West and Tatura.-Referted to the rate collector; Ftont Codntable Keegan, asking to fle informed of the proper limits of the Kyabrran town bou'ndary, if same are defined.-Information to be supplied, the secretary t) write to the lands department for the boundaries of the three townships in the shire. .From I. Heaphy, Tatura, asking the council- to remote two' tree-guards ii ftodst of his hotels and allow h:m per mission to erect two horse-posts in their stead.-Left in the hands of the Presi dent and Cr Walshe. From W. :Mounter, North Moo roopna, asking for permission to' con struct a channel on the east and west road for irritation purposes.--Granted. h'rom W. Wilson and Co., Merrigum, tipplying for a renowal-of their .annual slaughtering license.-Granted. Prom W. Rooney, shire secretary, to the following effect;-" I beg respect folly to direct your attention and careful consideration to a notice c' motion by . Cr Archibald to come before' you this day, for the purpose of reducing my salary £60 per annum, and respect- 1 fully beg to point out that the duties of secretary and engineer performted by me fof the Rodney shire sare of much more extent than' many are aware of. As the vfork is both arduinus and Rt'spoti sible, and requires constant attention and habour on an average of ten hour' daily during the year to efficiently per form the duties laid to my charg". In addition I respectfully direct thit con cil's attention to section 9' of the Local Government Act, 1891, which imposes a penalty of £25 en the shire secretary should the boolks of the cod'ncil be not prepared for the audit. I. have always striten to do my duty for the benefit of thle shire generally, and therefore re spectfully suggest that you still clearly see the advisability to have the ntotion withdrawn', for, if carried, it will be ldoing me a great injustice. In conclu sion, 1 may state that the salary paid by yout for secretary a'nd ehgineer will compare favourably with any shire in the colony according to the ei.pendi Sture." The inspector of nuisances reported against the keeping of pigs in Tatura. and complained about people riding and driving on the footpaths.-No action taken. The rate collo tor teported having collected £658 12s since last meeting. lIe asked that assessment attd valua tioniboolcs be printed at once ; sand he wished to ksnow what the council in tended doing-withl referencee to tho-col SIretion of statistics and supplying him with subdivisional plans.--'The secretary to procure the necessary plans.--With reference to the bonus for statistics, a motion was given by Cr Young. PETITIONS. Cr Lancaster presented a petitioni fromn e lessrs Unitt, Goddard, Tohan, Mitchell, and 30 other ratepayers of Kyabram, ask= ing the council to pass an bye-law prohibit Sing theo keeping of swine within the town ship;, as pig-sties are detrimental to the e public health, and every precaution should be taken against sickness.-Or Lancaster thought some action shouldl be taken.-The e president said four pigs constituted a pig geor, and persons could still keep three pigs.-Cr Young said he had no objection to the keeping of pigs in n towhship,so long an the piggeties were kept clean.-To lie on the table until next mieeting. From 3ossrs F. Williams and Co., T. a Lacey, J. O'Colnnof, F. F. IHalkyard, J. & NT. Bruce; O. F. Vaughan, Hunter Bros., C, Heaphy, Lansley and Son. C. .linghani, if. A. Ilnidinfan, Groves & Wilson, T. e Davoy, L. Flanagan, and 3i4other'rate-pay t ers in Tatura, protestingagaiinst the cost of the night- pan service being paidby the rosi dents, suggesting that tho service he paid out of the general revenue of the shire as at present, and asking that the' council re \- scind the resolution dealing with this mat tor passed at last mooting.-Notice of motion given by Cr Walshc. ENOIN1R'sB REPORT: a The engineer reported that he hail made surveys and prepared plans fr't wars to be tenderrd for that day.. l'l:an and specifiesC tions would shrtly lie preareed for wO'rks on the n orth and south road. ois i Mr Dunhdl son's and Mrs l)on'zghne's : in the vieinity of CiOomn, near IRtbitson's, Du.ghalrtys ard Treadre's ; ot main ,reid through HIn'ley; on Ehehuca bourfildaev raldt :ai at North aloo= roopna, near It'eley's, Ilall's, It'ake's, aIlotr's, Guihie'+, and t1)'ogan's. In aldi'ion to the work already done fo, L4.on tile hepperton 1 and Mlooruopta root. sonme clderin' an lililling has yet to lie done; which will leave the road in0 fair order for sitne time to come. The a channelling in Morooropna Ihas been do?.nle" ted by Messrs Wualketh and McKay in a satis factory manner, ralso the formation between Maloney's, McCormack's, sanld others hias been Swell formledi, and is a credit to the c mtrae. 1 tor, Thomas O'Shannnnssy. The contrcet between Brasly'e, lhttletl'. and Colkin's h1s been fairly done by contraotor Maloncy. F. Wtdestn ai spreading gravel in I'atura, the swork beintg very satisfactory. Ctulverts bh' Stween Porcell's, Tyndali's, nold MteNamara's are completed, anti will he inspeeted before the contrcsetor is ptid; He suggestedl that 2 copies of Gilchrist's manual on the Local SGovernment Act he procuredt at a cost of 35c each, and t hat Gaectten be bound. A road Sihas besn curveyCd on the northt-west sile of allotment B. 3fooroopna. Accoutls shoullll be Slodlgedl two clear slays before the meeting. FrINANoE maPOEt. The following amoutls were passedt for payment 5 C. D),lo, night sorvice .. -6 S 6i F.ITol ean, lightinglamtps 4 i 0 O. Falhey . 7 0 0 , t Malotey ... 19 0 0 T. OShanneaosy ... 15 4 0 A· Cuampbell ... 13 12 0 A.7ttirgiln ,., 1 i 0 F. VVadcson ,., 30 0 0 J. P.ole . 10 0 J. Mu'rry ... 2 5 o J.Lockwood, sparrow hlds, 15 8 0\. Mitchell. hsianod aeggs 1 2 8 0\. Mitchell, heads ... It. 8 3 .. Oraret, sp..rrew eggs... 10 20 K. leid ... 4 0 0 C. Doyle.. 6 6 t S A. Morgan ... 25 0 0 Walker and McKay ... 22 10 0 K.ReId 4 J. afcLotuhrey 1 I5 f. .J. Youne. clearing 5.. 0 1r Country Fire Brigades .Board ..3-2 17 :: I. R.Allen, scalps 1.0" F. J. Yousg, scalpe . e-. i R.- H. Allen, beads, egga 0? ?1 F. J. Young, sparrowbeads, T! J. Knight .. A. (, Thomson ..13 12 . T.O'lihannessy s. 36 0 A. ilorga ... 14 0 J. Fennaughty, removing fence -. ... 5 15 0 J. Lockridge ... 110 0 C. Lockwood;. salps 9 3 W. nBaldwin, scalps and fox skin . 6 6 G. Hall, sparrow beads... 1 12 2' a W. Baldwin ... I 8 10' Dr Trood; salary ... 10 10 o 0 Salaries-W. ,'obney . 29 3 4t , W. A. Brown ... 6 5 0 T. Lacey 3.. 3 2 0 c H. Phillipbs ,. 2 10 0 J. Hehir . 815. 0 P. MlcGillicihddy' ... 15 0 L. J. Keegan : 316. 0 J. Martin, cleanfing ... 1 0 0 W. . Roney, petty cash .. 5 0 0 Ar?H anda Jackson .. 12 17 4 F. J. Camp, advertising 2 15 6' E. Hanley. printing and advertising .. I W. H. Brown;commission on rates ... 32 12 7 J. and M: Bruce; goods ... 9' 6 S. Lancaster ... 7 7 2 £4'86 9 11;) The' followyni wore dealt i\tht Contrcbt 11/90. -Frosh teodors-- Woriks in Girgarre.-T.- O'Shanhossy .1,3. P. Tieorioy £56, A. IAorgan _.£'1; the first-named ton'der was accepted. Contract 23/01.-Mlooroopna township, services of Nightmihn--John Smith 3Rd per pan. W'. IrWin 41d, It. Reid :d. C. D'oylo'4d, J. E. Dixon "4d; J. Smith's' tender was accepted. Contract 24/93.-Taturia towniship, sbr vices of Nightman.-C. DoTyle 41 per pan, W. Irwin "i1d, J. Smith 3d. IC. Reid 3d. J. E. Dixon 4id; J. Smith's tender accepted. Contract 25/93.-Kyatlramt township, ser v1 ices of Nightzrtn--J. E. Dixon 5d per pan, J. It. Boyt 6d;J. Knight lid. J. Sm'ith 3d; Gmith's tnadote'was aecepited. Contract 2ai/90.-Forming and two cul verts, near ,looroopna Pound.-W. Good son £43 IOs, J Smith Lots 7s kld, Walker and McKay £'4i 8s; Goodsonrs tender was accepted. Cohtract 27/0ý. - Mooroopna township, Suipply and Spreading 2"0 cubiC'yards of metal oh Main- street.-Walker and McKay £.q3, .J.IIenford. £5. F. Wadeson fl103 (Is ( 84. W. Goodson. £72 I0s, A? Ltinmni .£76 5s; lHesford's tender was accepted Contrict 28/03. - Fotruing" "'. chains on east and west rohdl near Messrs Galley's Sand Sterrett's. and two 'cnlvrts.-J. Dunn SL Lt, T. O'Shamnaissy LI 12's, P'. Tirneyo L71. O'Shannassy's tender was accepted. . Contract 29/D3.-Forming 03.i chains be tweon Messrs Robbins', Colliver's, nntl Matthews'.-T.,O'Shannassy L5"' Is Iii, '. I Ioache L7, P. Tiernoy L85 10s. A. Morgan L-I2, F. .Wadosoon Lc6( Itis. O'. Fahey' Lo0 17s. J. Dunn LI.' 10s, John' Maher L101; A. Mtorgian's tender' was accepted. Contract O/903.-Surfacing 42 chains on * east and west road, lending to' Girgarre. d T. O Shannessy L81 10s. F. WVslsonu t 02, n O Fahey L124 8s. A Morgan L4L3 (Is, J. Dunnri L52 10s; Morgan's tender' accepted. M(OTIONS. Tile following were carrieo :-d By Crs Young and M'Carten- That Othe secretary write to the Landis D'epar ment re o0ad alongside of allotnmnts 91, parish of Mooroopn?, and have itsame , surveyed;. By Ore MrOariten and Young-That. tilhe secretary keep a list of ceas?sans inl Stlhe townships of Kyahnrant, Montroonn, and 'tatnrn, to be called a register, and to supply the night-service nman anod inspector of nuisances with a 'opy of rt sme, and that tihe inspector he em k; powered to liput the ll'ealth Act in force t- against all houss'holers in the said = townships who doI nit pay their pan io charge, notli'e to be servel for payment. or y Crs \Vnlshe and Ilogan-T'lnhat 1o 20 chains of formation on east anld wrc't g- toad be done, irtween 11\orissey's aund 0o Enghlish's, leading to fInldswinaville, aon to that abodt 400' yards of sins I be reonr',veI n from the sandhill, and distributed on the same road wheere 'e'qI'ireld. 31 By Crs Young andI L,ancaster-TI'hat the sum of LIi5 he hlilnIed to W. M. Brown as paymeint for his ser'ices inl p. collecting the statlistic. NOTICES oi, nf?Tl.'. of By Cr You'ng-Tlati tendlers hie called t for the following corls :'-(i to 8 chlaii?s t of formation oni the iorth anld snuth e. read, near .lames M ilchin's' re.?idelnce; t- 6 to 8 chlins of fiormation it north Andi of south rooa, at Ardlll'onlla Ile''r thio corner of I-'enderson's anI linrnett's land ; also It) chains of firmn'atinl on the north inrl south roal, het wef. ' the properties \- of Meosors Tuck,,tt and I') arconiza. n By Cr WVishe-- That the notioon moI- m ed by Ct .1'Curtn" - That this n council levy and mlake.?i nno tllal charge (oin all tatlopayers or ncrl.irrs of recog ' nised bourn'lriiae of the' Ioun 'hips of .Kynlbralm, Moirnpnn, Ir l lnti' a, fr the pu'rpose'of reniio'uiiogight-.dil wiltlisl the said t.,ownship, in necordonce'wl.b d the Health Act 1890, oection 2.O(, n;d that sinue conmelnnnce on ist Joe nllry. 1890, and be colle'ctet half-yearly in , advance, be' resciehld. S By Crs WValslhe --'T'hlat tendldrs be cellIed for frming abolwt ,40' clhaiis of north and south road, between allot ments 4, 9, , nolnd 21, leading front e Murchisnn to Tlturn and Mooroopno, \- arishl of North Murchiinoi. 2 At the Echoellc licensilg cosort last Sweek thle applicetiun of Robert Lindsay. fr a renewal if tlru license of the' Star if lotl, Itclrester East, oas refsed,. Ilotelkeepllers shIIulI see tlnt thie duty sl(am( on beer casks is cancslleI when alllillg tilhe cask, as any cask tutiipeil w itlhout the stmp being cencelleo, whletlher hy the licensee or any person o0 the' prientles, is a breach of the Act. Mr W, A. Gilbert, one ,f tile newly api oint,,t Governnment inspect.r'n, inade his first inspection of tile' Iooks of the . Slire of Eu'oc recently. The visits of tile ispelctore are madle wilhouotnnotice, undler the Amnenitg L)ocal Governmeint Act, and all books nust be written uil andti accounts readly, for their inosIecti.n, Iailing which penalties are plrovilul I. Estimated Ipopalation of Colony on Sepltember 30thls 1,16ti,003. Danish butter realising up to 188s per cnt. in London 