BRITISH FINANCE AND TRADE FOR 1891. [By Telegraph from Albany.] [From our own Correspondent.! London, January S. The Baring crisis of November, 1S90, marked a new starting-point in British finance and trade. Fortunately the profound and far reaching extent and influence of that disaster have been slowly realised. The year 1891 has perhaps been the most anxious year of the last quarter of the century. The consummate skill and immense courage of the Bank of England in co-operation with the Barings mitigated the consequences, and .the worst is probably oyer, though the -recovery is slow and may possibly extend: over years. The volumeof British over sea trade is about equal to that of 1890, but the 'proportion of the exports and imports has been seriously altered. The exports have decreased by £16,250,000, and the imports have increased by £14,750,000, the latter being largely due to the higher pries for food and America securing the biggest share of the benefit. Speculative business naturally felt the-heavies£force of the Baring blow. The investing public lost confidence and the shrinkage of values rendered the secu rities unsaleable. The amount cleared at the London bankers' clearing-house shows a decrease of 12| per cent., and a further reduction is expected this year. About 700 registered companies were wound up and many others were forced to reconstruct. The companies placed on the market, were much less than those of the pre vious years, and the smaller proportion were entirely successful. A ourious fact is that money was .'generally abundant and cheap during 1891, the average rate of discount being a fraction over 3i per cent, as against 4 for the previous year, .and 4^- for the year before. The rate changed a dozen times to meet the changing phases of the situation. The monetary troubles in South America, Russia, Spain, Greece, Portugal, Italy, and in much lesser degree France and Germany prevented the dreaded efHux of gold. The advance of some millions against the Baring securi ties with the comparative absence of speculation kept London supplied with cheap money. Australia suffered severely during the year. The Bank of England, the colonial banks, and the syndicates helped some partly-subscribed colonial loans throusrh. bud they are unlikely to repeat their assistance this year unless on special terms. Hostile journals and writers, in the reviews succeeded consider ably in weakening colonial credit. It is a grave mistake to suppose that the educated investing classes .are unaffected by criticisms in respect able publications, and it is useless to deny the feeling prevalent that the colonies have over borrowed. Their vast natural wealth is admitted, but no prudent Govern ment will dispute that the market will require delicate handling during the coming year. The fluctuations during 1891 in Australian inscribed stock ranged from 7 to 10 per cent., Canada 7, Cape Colony 6, Natal 5, India 6, and Consols 3; but all are -recovering, though Australian not to the same extent as the others. Ihe de preciation in all American and many European securities was more serious, ranging from 10 per cent, to 60 -per cent. The London registers of the colonial banks show the effects. of .the severity of tbe ; times, .and It is doubtful in sqme cases whether the shares will reeorer tbeiv -:ld prices. The panics in Sydney and Melbourne, the stoppage of the land banks, aud the sc-qndals can&eettjd..; therewith, had surprisingly ttttfe- effect on the prices of colonial stocks. The distinction between fch» great solvent banks and other corporations and the pseudo-banks and flpeeulativebuiHiag Eocieties was quickly perceived, but the. sus pensions helped to prevent the success of new ventures. Australian company promoters had a bad year. London underwriters and in vestors would hardly glance at a colonial pro spectus. Thoughtful financiers believe thafe prudent government, indluding severe - re trenchment, will do much to restore ©oloaiat credit, provided -that borrowing be minimised. Increased production will also be a powerful factor in the process of recovery. The new ex porting industries are being watched' with, keen interest, and it is hoped that the immi gration of small capitalists and real working men will be encouraged. In the wool market few speculators made money last year owing to the decline in price. The gross value of a bale of colonial wool is now about £13, which is nearly 15 per cent, lower than the average of 1890. Las* year opened with consumers generally hopeful of a more profitable trade than was realised. Ths latter ..half of the year was very unprofit able though the low prices at the fourth, and fifth series induced a certain amount: of speculative activity. Raw merinos were -relatively dear compared wtih current values for yarns and tops. Unless the export of woollens materially im proves- during the coming year it is probable, that the prices for raw merinos will recede as the expected supplies from the colonies and the River Plate reach Europe. An exception may possibly be found in good free combings, which owing to the probable demand, for America and also the anticipated revival of the export trade in best manufactured goods to America may not seriously weaken. Should' the public taste change in favor of merino inferior shabby crossbredo may probably cheapen. Superior bright fine wcols have a- good demand because of the small supplies. Since 1580. the wheat area lias increased be yond requirements, and 1891 was the first year in which the consumption overtook the supply. The area is now stationary, and it is necessary to enlarge it in order to meet the demands of a. growin^population. Good prices are expected. Excepting India the United State3 is fcha cheapest producer, yet the acreage there is steady, while the population has increased bv 12,500,000, a proof that the old prices were on remunerative. India will shortly require all her wheat for her own market. It is on* necessary, to give the fluctuations in the English market during the past year. Stocks at the close are nearly 2,000,000 quarters over those of January. Califomian wheat is 6s. higher ; Australian, spot delivery, 5s. to &.; Russian, 5s. to 7s. ; and Indian^ 5s. The immediate outlook is favorable for growers. AustraUan shipments of good quality and regular in arrival are likely to maintain and may possibly improve .their values till the approach of the English harvest. The reduction of the German duties has caused freer purchases to replace rye. France will re quire 1,000,000 quarters menthly till Septem ber. Other foreign demands are certain. Floor has moved throughout the year in sympathy with wheat. The demand is steady, and sup plies are full. Since January English flour has risen 6s.; sack American, 3s. 5 and Hungarian,. 3s. It is expected that France will be a larga buyer until the harvest. The sugar market in England was Ies3 fluctua ting than during previous years, the extentof the rise and fall not exceeding 2s. 6d. Several lots of Queensland, were eold at full relativa values compared with Mauritius descriptions. A few parcels of grainy, though scarcely good enough, showed that an excellent quality might be obtained for refining. The general opinion is that higher prices will be realised during the comingyearlorall$3ugars,inclnding Queensland: products consequent on the gradual increase of consumption in Europe and America and the probable smallness of the stocks. Beet is. a great regulator of prices, and the crop is more dependent on the weather than on the extend of ihe area under cultivation. This year tha area is unlikely to be reduced while present prices last. Stocks of sugar amount to. 102,000 tons, compared with 117,000 tons for. the previous year. The tendency of trade during the past seasoa has been largely to favor AustraUan butter, factory descriptions having had the largest demand. The mode of packing adopted by the factories in several in stances militated against good nrices owing to their having placed the butter 'directly into the boxes without covering it, thus involving1 serious depreciation, loss, and an unsightly ap pearance. A remedy for this is absolutely necessary. The inequality of weight also caused serious losses, the New Zealand Dairy Association alone avoiding disputes. The presence of several lower grades interspersed with higher caused a serious fluctuation in price. For a time also there were doubts among the dealers as to the value of the butter for keeping. In order to overcome the remaining prejudice it is necessary to send the best , brands. Victorian butter suffered especially from the opposite practice. With merchants and brokers time is money, and ship ments will be wasted unless means are taken to avoid the blunder of mixing butters of different qualities. Old inferior have arrived branded with fancy marks prejudicial to the Victorian butter, and it was suggested that a stop should be pat to thus branding such grease, and make shippers liable to a penalty. It is also necessary not to permit the mingling of butters of different dairies ia the same box. Streaky and over-colored butter was unsaleable. The salt used was in many instances- of inferior quality. Common gritty salt caused several lots to be unsaleable, or saleable at very low prices. The seasons shipments from Canada and the United States were small, and the imports are likely to become smaller, owing to the increasing home consumption. It is difficult to obtain a definite statement of the probable quantity which will be absorbed next season. The brokers are unanimous in affirming that there is an un limited market for the produce of the best factories. Australia during the past season has been steadily and sorely ? beating Ireland, Holland, and Normandy, but Denmark is re garded as a senous compstitor owing to the shortness of the transit. This competition Australia may overcome by careful attention to quality. The first shipments generally make or mar the rest. Scotland and the mid lands cannot take large quantities, and the southern counties offer the best markets. A uniform mode of package will be most ad vantageous. Opinions differ as to the value of the system of bonuses. The majority contend: that the progress of the industry with bonuses during three years . will be equal to that of 25 years without them. Merchants and brokers eulogise the efforts of the Victorian Government to pro mote the industry. Danish, Dutch, French, and Swedish shipments were largest from April to September, when the prices ruling were the lowest, reaching 6O3. to 703. per cwt. October is the month when it is most advisable for Australia to commence shipping in order that the butter may arrive before the end of April. Shippers should then aim at regular weekly supplies. The past season's irregularities were disappointing, resulting in loss to traders. Ib is advisable to -send butter from the same factories to the same brokers throughoub the season. London demands grass butter. The produce of the best Victorian factories realises the highest prices, and for standard quality there is an unlimited de mand. The shippings next season may ba doubled or trebled with safety and advantage. Acme, Grasmere, and Farnham fresh food and frozen brands- commanded the largest sale. The best prices ranged as follow: — Dairy butters milled, 100s. to IO83.; common dairy milled, 90s. to 92s. These are nearly always unsaleable, and the prices obtained were only owing to the scarcity of American. A drop of 20s. to 25a. may- come at any moment. Factories fetched 116s. to 124s., and some lote 126s. to 12Ss. Last year's factories realised 108s. to 118s.. and dairy 96s. to 100s. The quantities expected from the continent are likely- to be. lower during the coming season than they were last, but the aggregate will be largely dependant on the weather. The retnmfl.of mia itnnnrfaa lnum »»a4i ^m, mn.4.a ..« yet. The closing prices are— Prime Danish from 136s. to 142s.; Normandy, 106s. to 12ft?.; Friesland, 116s. to 124s.; Brittany, 96s. to 110s. The general tendency of tho frozen rneafc market has been good, Stocks became congested owing to the eommitaient of the coloniaa beyond requirements, which caused many forced sales. Supplies from Australia and the River Plate dwindled at the end of the year enabling an advance in prices. Stocks at the close of the year were heavier than in 1S90. New Zealand mutton has held the premier position in quantity an,d quality, but the average quality is lower than that of 1890. It is considered advisable that there should be no longer delay in getting rid of merinos, because the growing competition of' Australia and the River Plate renders ib desi rable that New Zealand. should-direct its entire energies to the shipment of prime oxossbreds. For months past prime River Plate mutton, has fetched |d. per Ib. higher than New Zealand merinos, leading to great confusion in the minds of consumers. Australian qualities were well maintained, and many showed an improvement. The Queens land trade has a big future provided that prime carcasfes only are sent. The Plate ship ments showed a decided improvement. The ?ft ew Zealand system of grading is regarded^.3 a success and requires general adoption. The experience of the year emphasises the demand for a guarantee of reasonable regularity. The employment of brands is absolutely essential to ensure the satisfactory distribution of con signments and save charges. Shippers should take steps to meet this want, and thus promote an enormous develppmsnt of trade. The cargoes during the past year arrived in fair condition. The ei-periment* ia the shipmeWi.of myjtton and veal in skins wera unsuccessful. The meat had s. bright ap pearance, but Jbhis was quickly, loss. There waa a strong reluctance on the part of shippers fc- adopt' the system of forward sales 'and 6a *O6^rtr'«onteaeb terms. Sbceisht wstee -were reduced and ateo*rok«age. . She beef trade dough slightly -unprofitable showed a dis ^''^ -nrmjYgrawwnrti nn -QMniffW^ with that' of 1S90. TaTSeptemberthe price was satis- i Jfietory. Supplies -wens moderate, bnt- large » imports of American chilled beef have, ?*Bp*essed prices to «n anpayinK leveL -JitererPlite beef was of poor GuMity. Queens-' land is«afforded » splendid opportunity in this ? ?dJrectioiL Frozen beef is establishing a prefe TeaoeoVer chilled beef, andii is probable that - the American surptas w£114»lesa yearly owing . to -the increase of population. ? Unless prices improve materially American diipmente will . 'be reduced. It is desirable tO'Beeorelarger J shipments of lambs. liuring tie past year t&etaUow; market lias been featureless and void of speculation. The prices at the close were somewhat under those attbe opening=of the year. .Fine -Australian Dratton ranged from 27b. M.^at the opening of ?the year to 27s. 3d. m April, dosing' in Beeemfaer at 26s. 93. -Beet tallow 'opened atr £6b., reaching ibe highest, 2fs. 8d., in May, and closing at 25s. dd. Home tallow prices - ?were practically vuyeh&nged;,i£ai^Mngsl3ghtly ? lower. Supplies of home tallow were snort - throughout : *he year. The' total quantity . arriving during' they ear in dbondon- Amounted - *o:91r€00easks, of ?which JBtyORQ were landed and the rest' sent to the 'Continent. Of this a mount i Petersburg sapplied*284, thelfciklaad. Island «89, North America 3,300, and- others 560\. The balance -was mpplied by Australia (66,190), and 3Sfew Zealand' (29^76). The tutors depends- 'on -the wipply of the borne Reduce. Shotud Ausfrsiasiaampplies*emain nonna3, it is unlikely thatihere Tnliba Berioua cfc-RBgesin prices during the year. Hops ^ave during the1 past year ah unpre cedented prGmise'Of a large crop. The -pros- ? peet waned, however, and there was a iJfminiBhedierop. The English erojvwas prac tieally^bsorbed, and tHe American ?was'alniost' -exhausted. The present year affords the finest prospects ever remembered. Gold operations during the past year show an increase of 7 millions sterling over 1&90, , iWtotal being SO millions. This lias enabled the -t-anks to return 4J millions to Russia. ; Portugal gave the largest increase, viz. 6 mil- ' lions; Australasia gave^miHiohs ; andSouih Africa produced 2J millions, an increase of half a million. Germany was a steady good fctfter throughout the year. Spain forwarded gold towards the end. of the year. The ex ports of India were a million and a quarter' fees than in 1890. The total imports of gold were 30 millions and exports 26 millions; com-' ; pared- with 'imports amounting to 22,563,000 and exports 16 millions *in the previous year. There is a prospect of a large increase in bank reserves. Prices «re likely to maintain their ?present leveL The silver market daring the year has been disappointing. The prices have shown a gradual decline, -accounted for -~by the want of ;: demand in India, together with increased ' supplies to England. The redaction in the Indian and Chinese shipments -amount to three : millions sterling. America exported four millions. English bnyin? was much restricted. The exports of Spain and Portugal exceeded ' those -of 1890, amounting to three and a half millions, while Japan exported a million and & quarter. The important feature has been that stocks in England and America -have been less than those of 1890. The highest price of bat silver was 47^1. on ' January 13 and the lowest ^-^d. on De cember 1. Tile imports amounted to 12;060,000 and the exports to 13,300,tH», against imports 12,400,1900 and exports 10^90^000 in the previous year. The present price is not considered dufe'to any legitimate : influence, bat solely to the manipulations of American miners, smelters, and dealers. There is a strong and general opinion that ' prices 'will not go' much lower, and there is reason to expect thai future markets will be at higher prices. Possibly a great rebound will take place if America eventually decides on free coinage. The copper market has exhibited variety and a wide range of prices— due to the reopen ing of the Anaconda mine, the extreme financial weakness in -Franoe, and the uncertainty attending the Comptoir d'Esoonipte liquida tion. Thefee circumstance's induced a severe bear^aid in September. Speaking broadly, stocks in England and prance showed a decline of 7,820 tons compared with 1890, deliveries ? declining also from 145,208 tons to 123,'872. Sellers, therefore, during the past year had the -best of the bargain. Bio Tinto shares varied daring the year from £11 17s. .'8iL to 438 Is. 4d. The supplies received by England and France amounted to 116,052 tons compared with 110,664 tons in 1890. The increase was solely due to the larger ex portsfrom North America. The consumption has therefore more than kept pace with the EDpply. On the other hand, - the supply from ! Chili decreased 6,000 tons, and from other countries 2,420 tons. Spain and Portugal supplies 23,173 tons, as com pared with 22.647 tons in 1890. The seaeht laJfearedue to the fear of an enormous -pro- duction in America. The Calumet and Heela ik ines. in tlie Lake Superior district and Ana conda' aie the chief 'bogies of the market. Their capacity is undoubted, but the . general opinion is that they do not desire to overstock the market. As prices declined from' £51: in September to £14 12s. 6d. in .November,* the American' supplies fell from 3,045 tons to 2,000, showing that the Americans had no desire to produce below £45. The general opinion is that' the market is in no danger of overturning from American. Supplies, and that the prospect of the coming year is . bright. There is a likelihood of a greater ' tiem&nd; owing to themultiplioationof electrical applications of copner. Daring the earlier part of the year the tin market was fairly steady. There were heavy sales at the end of April, and the price was depressed to £88 15s. Daring May heavy -orders came from America forjaiates before the new duty under the McKinley tariff came into force. These caused consider able activity, and Straits inn rose' to £93 15s. early in June. Values gradually declined then till November, when a, considerable speculative demand arose. Owing to consumers3 demands and scarcity on the spot parcels advanced to £92 5s. The deliveries for the past year amounted to 17,751 tons-agaiast 13,978 tons in- the previous year. The demand throughout has -been-of a nominal description, though the visiMe^upply shows' a slight decrease. There- is- reason to believe that«toeke ui£ng'land- andiabroad have jiotmaterMly altered. The price was^£90123. tk3. at the close of Has year. This is con sidered very low under existing conditions, and therefore the ^brokers -anticipate with ' any ; revival of trade a .material rise in prices must ensue. The large supplies of lead from Australia ' have not affected prices seriously. Prices have : fallen in sympathy with dulness of trade, and a still further reduction is probable,- bat should the decline proceed to £10 the consump- ; tion. is likely to be enormously in creased, a±td trade aU'the world over would ? go largely 'into stock.35 -Such a figure m&y; ' toe considered the mininium. The xntoket senferally is in a most satisfactory condition. : i'or a long time past the dividend -paying mines have been engaging a larger amount of attention than formerly. Australian mines have been coming to the front; A chief feature of the Australian col lapse is that of -shares in the Australian Broken Hill Console, which had a mostpreju; didal effect in reawakening the distrust felt ' formerly - in colonial mines. The price' has fallen from £3 to 10s., Eangarillas from £1 to 6s.; Wentworths were another serious disappointment, priority falling -from 3s. Sd.to J Jd., and ordinary from 25a. to 7s. 6d. These! failures were keenly felt, owing to the high class of the promoters under whose auspices' the companies were floated and the amount of capital involved. Older Qaeen3 generally show a good improvement. ; Mosman's taking the lead, improving in price from a few pence to 10s. ; NewQueens doubled their value, and are standing now at 10s. ; Day Da\7n∧ Day Dawns P. and G. havekeptup1 their returns, and are- slightly improving in price. The prospects of the others aredistmctly better. The greatest confidence is manifested in shares in locally managed companies with email capital, such -as Sunburst and Golden ' -3ate, and are likely to evoke much greater1 interest m future. The prospects for the corning year favor a general revival in the mining market provided no swindles are plaoed ' upon the market. 