PROSPECTING THE MACDONNELL * RANGES. When a humorous title is once adopted in a Government department it is very hard to alter it. About fifteen months ago two small parties of men, each consisting of a leader, two miners, a camel-driver, and a cook, were sent but upon a sort of roving com mission to the MacDonnoll Ranges. To some facetious official, presum ably, occurred the curious thought of naming these little bands MacDonnell Ranges Prospecting Parties, and the cognomen has been perpetuated in the final report of the prospectors, which is publishedto-day. The parties began work, togetheratfirst, in January, 1891, and their operations were considered likely to supply some data which might assist in solving tho great national question whether the Transcontinental Railway should be continued to the MacDonnell Ranges— a country which extends over a longth of 350 miles and covers a vast area. The prospectors having divided in order to wrest from this tract its minoralogical and geological secrets, one leader and his two miners — with one man to cook for them and another to manage the transport service of sis camels, ' some poor and one or two lame,' and two horses — started off westerly from the telegraph line. Following first the fortunes of the party led by Mr. Masson wo find that the principal results of the expedition are an attractive collection of mineralogical terms, and de tailed descriptions of what was evidently a good deal of honest work. The research of the party really has little more practical effect in conveying a precise knowledge of tho country, travelled over than an inspection of the same territory by telescope would have had. Here were a few colours of gold- pleasantly suggesting future possibilities in the alluvial ; there was a little mica; yonder some other mineral. A number of holes were sunk, and thiB fact is worthy of special mention. When the Government Geologist re turned about a year ago, after having given Instructions to one of the partieB- he reported that its leader objected to his suggestion that a shaft of 35 ft. in depth should beputdown. 'We arounablo to sink holes to such a depth without dancer to the men, and, therefore, we cannot do that sort of work.' Yet Mr. Masson'sparty apparently reached as great a depth as five yardb, and on one occa sion developed Buch a zeal for sinking pits that two men actually excavated forty-two of thcai in a week. If this had only been an expedition for delving post-holesitmighthave madea phenomenal record. The reportadds that 'they didnob find a trace of gold,' but it seems un reasonable to suppose that their digging exertions left them much time for that sort of discovery. The party, went on thus., until June, when it was again amalgamated with tho other force. This other contingent had prospected easterly in the mean time under tho direction of Mr. Deanc, but had secured no material result. In some places the water was too much and in ether places it was too little to facilitate operations. The report of the prospectors after their re-amalgamation shows an almost equal barrenness of result right up to the time of their disbandment'at the end of last December. Nothing of practical use was accom plished by the expedition, or could have been eeriouBly expected by any reason able man. Indeed a discussion of the results of this remarkable prospecting enterprise would become almost ludicrous. The prospectors doubt less did their best, but it was impossible that they should bring us any nearer to the solution of so great a problcniset tososmall a party. Mr. Massoti's remarks upon the futility of such schemes nro as significant as they are practical. The net result of the trip seems to be tho confirmation of geological information already obtained to some extent at least, and a prolonged and healthful outing for a few deserv ing men. That tho expedition agree with their appetites may bo inferred,' as a set-off to tho reported attack- of scurvy, from the testimony that one of the cooks 'left of his own accord;' possibly his work became too arduous. The otherwise entirely negative ad vantages derived from tho dispatch of such prospecting expeditions as these simply make more pressing the necessity of obtaining some idea of the real character of the mineral countiy in tha MacDonnell Ranges. What .has been done hitherto is merely child's play. Govemihent House. — Captain E. WV Wallington, Private Secretary to His Excel lency the Earl of Hnpotoun, Governor of Victoria, is a gueBt at Government Houso. P. &. O. Steamer at Aldan*.— Tha Ballaarat, from Colombo, arrived at Albany afc 4.15 on Sunday morning. This vossel ia bringing on for Melbonrno Baron SwanBton, who is charged with the Wiudsor tragedy. International Chiokkt. - The match England v. Australia was continued on the Adelaide Oval on Saturday in lovely weather. The brightness overhead, however, in dryiag the wicket rapidly after the night's rain, helped the bowlers, who had the batsmen at) their mercy. The Englishmen concluded their innings for 499, and tho Australia is were then pub out for 100, and nearly twice too, for 8 wickets fell in the second innings for 124\. The game will be concluded this morn ing, and no charge will be made for admission to the Oval. Sir E. T. Smith has invited the members of the teams and a number of pro minent cricketers to the Acacias to- night. The Postal Conference Delegates.— By Saturday morning's train from Melbourne the Hon. W.Copley (Minister of Education) and the Postmaster-General (Mr. 0. Todd) re turned from Hobart, where they represented «. colony at the Postal Conference, which was Opened in Hobart on March l-!f?2* wascloseu in taunccaton on March 22. The MacDonnell Ranges Prospecting PAbties. — Messrs. Deane and Masson, the leaders of the MacDonnell Ranges proapeoting parties, who were recalled about three mouths ago after spending something like twelve months in. the ranges, have forwarded long reports *a the Minister for the Territory, giving detailed information as to their move ments. The reports show thab a large area was prospected, but the results were nob as satisfactory as could be wished. Minute quantities of gold were found in various localities, but, as Mr. Masson points out, the parties had not time to thoroughly prospect) the ranges, and consequently id would be unwise to condemn them because the parties did not make any startling discoveries. The 'Unemployed. — The Commissioner of Public Works has completed arrangements for the dispatch to-day of fifty more married men from the ranks of the unemployed to Happy Valley, where they will be employed by the Engineer-in-Chief. Mr. Jenkins has also decided to send twenty- five to the Gorge, where Mr. Moncrieff will keep them ab work for a few weeks removing pipes which are nob of any use in their present position. The Com missioner has provided work for nearly 200 men during the last three weeks, but there are still many idle men to be seen in Victoria equare daily. ; The Gbaving Dook Commission. — The Royal Commission appointed to enquire into the expediency of constructing a graving dock in South Australia will leave North terrace Station by the 8.10 train this morning for Port Pirie, where evidence will bo taken to-morrow. The members of the Commission are Mr. G. P. Hopkins, M.P. (Chairman), the Commissioner of Publio Works (Hon. J. G. Jenkins), the Hons. A. R. Addison, M.L.C., and J. Darling, M.L.C., and Messrs. T. Burgoyne, M.P., J. W. Oastine, M.P., and A. McDonald, M.P. Mr. Castine will join the train at Riverton, and the Hon. A. R. Addison will meet the party ab Petersburg. The Commission are expected back in Ade laide on Wednesday. Licensing Clubs.— Ia reference to n para graph nppearing in this paper regarding the licensing of clubs, and the decision of the Government to take legal proceedings against any unlicensed club 'found supplying liquor to members, we understand that the solicitors to a German institution have informed the Attorney-General thab their clients court litigation in order that the legality of their position might be tested. Pokt Germein and Obroboo Railway Commission. — The members of this Com mission who left Adelaide on Tuesday Ia3b to inspect and take evidence on the route of the proposed railway from Orroroo to Port Ger mein to connect the western country with tho westorn system, returned to the city on Satur day. Owing no doubb to the somewhat mis leading character of the official titlo of the Commission a large proportion of the residents appeared to be under the impression that the subject matter of enquiry was limited to the question of the desirability, or otherwise, of uniting Orroroo and Port Gerraein in the iron bond of railway matrimony. Tho scope of the Commission is, however, much wider, and in volves the whole issue raised by the direction to report upon ' the best means of affording railway facilities to the country lying between Orroroo and Spencer's Gulf. On Wednesday tho party drove from Orroroo to Port Germein, and on the following day Port Pirie was visited. They then re turned to Orroroo and went to Petersburg. On Friday morning an early start was made from Petersburg to Dawson and the agricul tural districts in the hundreds of Coglin fthd Cavenagh to the west of the main North line, evidence being taken from the residents en route. Towards nightfall tho party camped near the ruins of the cottage of a departed Eelector, about twenty-five north-easb of Dawson, in the Hundred of Cavenagh. Owing to the thoughtful attention of Mr. Price, of Blaokrock, a supply of hay and water had been forwarded to this spot. The weather was close, sultry, and threatening, but though the sky was overcast with black, lowering clouds the actual rainfall was neither sufficient to prove beneficial to the district nor incon venient to the campers out. The membersof the Commission were joined during the ovoning by Mr. Price, who piloted them at daybreak to his residence at Blackrock, where they were hospitably entertained by him ab breakfast. Thence the journey was continued by the early train on Saturday morning via Orroroo to Adelaide. At each of the towns and settle ments passed through witnesses were ex amined. Nothing will be dono by the Com mission for a few days. Next week will pro-, bably be devoted to the hearing of tho toati-' mony from experts. Arrangements have been made to visit Port Augusta on Friday, April 8. Bonuses ron Butter in Victoria.— While in Melbourne, on his way back from the Hobart Conference, the Hon. W. Copley, M.L.C. (Minister of Education and Agriculture), inter viewed Mr. Graham (tho Minister of Agricul ture in Viotoria) on the subjeob of butter bounties, concerning which there has been Eome talk in this colony of late. Victoria had a sliding scale for the export of butter ranging from Id. to 3d. per lb., the amouui of the bonuses corresponding to tho pricos realized for the article in England. The bonus system was introduced in the sister colony with the object of encouraging the exportation of butter of first-class quality— butter which would give a good reputation to Victoria. The results anticipated wore not realized, for a practice- came into vogue- by which exporters bought job lots of butter and sold them as ono brand on the home marked. Viotoria has now settled upon a uniform bonus of 2d. lb. per lb. paid on the export of butter which is up to a certain standard, and has been tested by a Govornmonb Inspector. Mr. Graham told Mr. Copley that not long ago tho Danish Legislature) made certain provisions with regard to the export of butter. Copies of tho Danish Bill are oxpectod to hand by tho Victorian Government shortly, and ' the South Australian Government will receive some. Distinguished Visitors.— The Earl and Countess of Moath are expected to arrive- in Adelaide to-day. Reginald Brabazon, who sits as a Liberal in the House of Lords as Baron Chaworth, is the twelfth Earl of Moath, and in tho fifty-second year of his age. His lordship, who was educated ab Eton, and who succeeded to the title in 1887, has beon in the diplomatic service in Berlin and Athens ; been an Alderman in the London County Councillor, and is a Privy Councillor. Ho married in 18G8 lady Mary Jano Maitland, only daughter of' the ele^gnth Earl of Lauderdale, and they have a family of four sons and two daughters. The Earl and Countess of Meath havo, while visiting eome of tho other colonies, given valuable support to the Ministering Children's League, which was started under the direotor Bhip of her ladyHhip seven years ago. The objecb of tho League, whioh has spread to America and the colonies— numbering 40,000 mem- - bnrs— are briefly to promote kindness amongst' children and supply the necessities of the poor. Tho Earl of Meath is* announced to speak ab the Bishop Home Mission Socioty'a meeting to-night. Coming Stabs—Mf! H.M. Stanley's tour being ended, Mr. R. 8. Smytho is now in Mel bourne awaiting the arrival of his next cele brity, M. Paul Blouet, better known as Max CRell. During tho last six months the witty Frenchman has boen paying his third visit to the United States, going this time as far as the Pacific Coast, and next Thursday ho will sail from San Francisco for Sydney, where ho will probably commenco his Australian campaign. Two or three months later, while Max O'Rell i3 etill remaining', M. Paderowski iil arrive in Melbourne. His tour will also bo under the management of Mr. Smythe, who believes that the recitals of the great pianist will create aa much excitement in the musioal world aa did tho performances of Madame Sarah Berabardft among theatre-goers. The New York news papers, English, German, and French, con tain most enthusiastic notices of Paderewski, who will play again in London in the sprint? before he sails for Australia, Already in Melbourne and Sydney the demand for Paderewski compositions at the musio-sellers' is very large. Sir William Arnold, K.C.S.I., who went to the United Sb.ites last October on a lecturing four, was desirous of coming on to Australia, and placed himself in communica tion with Mr. Smythe, bub while on tour he was attacked by influenza, and returned to England, bo thab the Australian public? are nob likely to aeo the ^thor of ' The tight of xioii* lor some time to come, rertainly nob before the close of M. Paderewski'a tour. A Steam Ferby fob Port Adelaide.— Mr. G. F. Hopkins, M.P., has received the follow ing letter from Mr. T. N. Stephens, TJnder Treasurer :— ' I am desired to inform you thab the Treasurer has made enquiries as to what would be the approximate cost of constructing a steam ferry-boat in this colony to run be tween Commercial-street, Porb Adelaide, and Birkenhtad, and to be capable of taking say two four-wheeled vehicles and horses in addi tion to passengers; also the annual cost for maintenance. He now wishes me to eay thab as he finds that the expense will be so great he does not intend to move any further in the matter.' , Population op the Colonies.— In a return dealing with the estimated population of the different Australian Colonies on December 31, 1891, and published in a supplement to the Victorian Government Gazette, the Government Statist furnishes Bome information relative to the rate of progress made in each colony. Victoria still Btands ab the head as the most populous, the inhabitants of both sexes num bering 1,146,930. Then comes New South Wales close up with 1,143,580, followed by New Zealand with 629,783; Queensland, 400,713 ; South Australia, including the Northern Territory, 322,456; Tasmania, 148,955; and Western Australia, 51,243. The annual rate of increase in population from 1881 to 1891. was :— In Queensland, 6'28; Western Australia, 5'30 ; New South Wales, 4'18 ; Vio torio, 283 ; New Zealand, 2'49 ; Tasmania, 2-40 ; and South Australia, T36. South Australian Country Traders' Association. — Mr. A. D. Bruce, for eleven years a prominent resident of Yongala, has arranged with the committee of the above named Association to travel through the country districts of the colony for the purpose of expounding the objects of the Associa tion and enrolling members. He starts today. According to the Petersburg Times in 1890 Mr. Bruce advocated — by circular and able contri butions to the Press— a Provincial Traders' Association and, assisted by Mr. J. S. Coronel (Petersburg) and Mr. A. C. Catt (Gladstone), brought into life the Provincial Traders' Asso ciation, of which he was unanimously elected President. When the Cookburn Ministry was asked to construct a direct line of railway from Adelaide to the Barrier, Mr. Bruce was largely the means of the general opposition throughout the North. In November lasb the traders resolved to form an Association on broader lines, and the initiation of the S.A.P. Traders' Association was effected. Recognising the value of hiB services, Mr. Bruce was asked by the committee to travel and advocate the claims of the Association, which he did throughout the North with marked success. Being now free from business cares Mr. Bruce has agreed to tour the whole country in advo cacy of the Association. Previously to tho last Assembly elections Mr. Bruce was asked by a large number of electors to contest the election for Frome. Blind and Deaf and Dumb Institution.— A meeting of the committee of this institution was held at the Arbitration-room, Marlborough Chambers, Waymouth-street, onFriday, Maroh 25, when there were present : — Sir John Colton (President) in the chair, and Messrs. James Scott, J.P. (Vice-President), J. Downing, J.P., W. Bickford, J.P., D. Nock, J.P., W. Either, J.P., J. Curnow, J.P., and A. Spence, the Superintendent (Mr. Samuel Johnson), and the Secretary (Mr. Roffe Searoy). An apology for non-attendance was received from Sir Edwin Smith, and Mr. G. W. Hawkes (Treasuror) was unable to be present through absence from town. The reporb of the meebing of] the Ladies' Committee, held on the 21sb inat., when there were present— Lady ColtorJ and Mesdames Kay, Either, and Sauerbie'-J and Miss Colton (Acting Secretary), was rend and adopted. The report of the Superinten dent for the month, which was read, stated the present number of inmates to be forty two, viz., ten blind, and thirty-two deaf, the whole of whom were in good health, and making satisfactory progress in school. Members of tho South Australian Bicycle Club visited the institution on Maroh 19, and appeared much interested in the working of the establishment. It was unanimously re Eolved to have boot and shoe making taughi the deaf mutes, and Mr. Thomas Corry (a deaf mute bootmaker), ab present residing in Vic toria, was appointed instructor. An applica tion was received from the Rev. H. G. Nioholls, of Clayton Chapel, Norwood, for the admission as a private boarder of his son, aged ten years, deaf, recently arrived from Northampton, England, where he was attending a private school for the deaf. Tho committee approved of the application on the usual terms. A letter was read from Mr. Richard Verco, of Flinders-street, Adelaide, one of the executors of the late Mr. Francis Fenden, of Salisbury, informing tho committee that the late Mr. Fenden had bequeathed, freo of legaoy duty, to the institution the sum of £100. The Secretary was instructed to write and thank Mr. Vorco for the information. Re ceipts—Subscriptions and donations, £14 17s. 9d.; maintenance account, £47 10s. ; Bank balanco, dr., £72 4s. Id.; accounts passed for payment, £140 17s.; in which amount is in cluded the cost of board and lodging of five young persons (formerly inmates of this in stitution) who aro now in the Industrial School for the Blind at North Adelaide, where they aro being instructed in brush and basket making. 'Allies of the People.'— On Sunday evening Mr. J. Lawrence gave a iecture at the Democratio Club in reply to Dr. Cockburn's recent address on the ' Allies of the People.' Tho attendance was large. The lecturer said to some extent he was not ab issue with the views expressed by the doctor, but he objected to his main aspersion of political economy, which formed the chief feature of his address. No true democrat could agree with the doctor's theory of tho iron rate of wages, and Mr. Lawrence quoted in defence from the writings'of Adam Smith, Ricardo, Ben Tilleb, and others. Modern economists emphasize that the rate of wages should alwayB be governed by the earn ings of tho artisan, and as far as possible with the labourer, and concluded an able address by urging the necessity of becoming thoroughly acquainted with the laws which govern political . economy. Unemployed Printers in Melbourne.— Unemployed compositors and machinists to ; the number of thirty-nine assembled yesterday morning (sayB the Melbourne Age of, March 24) for the purpose of. receiving the reporb of the deputation to tho Minister of Works. The following motion was unanimously car ried : — 'That this meeting endorses the aoti- n of the conveners; of the Temperance Hall meeting and the deputation to Mr. Graham. That Messrs. R. Gough, W. Berry, J. Sheehy, M. Gitr; and R. Munroe possess the confidence of the unemployed printers of Melbourne.' Several speakers protested against the conduct of Mr. Bennetb, Secretary of the Trades Hall, refusing a room to hold their meeting. They were of opinion that .the Booner the Melbourne Typog'raphical Society cut the painter from the Trades Hall and removed thoir quarters to some other building the better for the craft. The Chairman having received the names of thirty gentlemen who were prepared to tako work from the Government the meeting closed. Live-saving Appliances. —'The Daily Graphic of Thursday, February 18, announced that the proprietors of that paper offer £100 for the best means of establishing communica tion between a stranchd ship and the shore or a boat.. The sketchWor plans of a selected number'of the schemes submitted, will be pub lished. The merits of. tho various proposals are to be decided by experts. Locomotives.— An idea of the rapidity with witb which engines, aro constructed in Eng land ^recently received illustration ab the London and North-Western Locomotive Works, at Crewe, where an engine was laid down and finished in twenty-five and a half working hours. The various stages are illus trated by cuts in the Engineer, the firsb being at 6 a.m. on February 4, when the foro and aft pieces, forming the bed, were laid down, and at 1 p.m. the same day .the side frames were erected and oyheders secured in position. Ab 1 p.m. on the 5th the boiler was in position with tender on the bed-plate, and ab 1 p.m. on the 6th the whole machine was complete, ready to steam on a journey. The usual time occupied in construction was four weeks, \\}^- as a test of the capabilities of the works the engine in question wag built in bwenty-five and a ha}f working hoqra, f APPlNfl the Joubney by Rail.— The pro posal to extend one of the mallee railways to the Murray by way of Mildura to Yelta, 65 the mouth of the Darling, was the subject of further evidence taken yesterday ab the sittings of the Railway Committee (says tho Age of March 24). This line has been suggested as a commercially stategio undertaking intended to attraot the Darling River trade to Melbourne, making a third outlet for the Riveriha traffic to. reach the Victorian sea board. The local value of the line was a secondary question. The weight of evidence taken yesterday was rather against the con struction of the line from both the national and the local point of view. It was repre sented that the Darling wool would still be taken to Echuca once it was on the steamers, and that the Yelta line would merely split tho trade without increasing its bulk beyond thab of its immediate district, which would be com paratively small. It was further objected that instead of .attracting freights to Melbourne the line would send trade the other way, by opening up access to the cheap water carriage of the Murray ; and that about half of the 140 miles proposed would really bo used for trade with Adelaide. As for local accommodation Mr. E. H. Laseelles, the mallee lessee, was so confident the railway would pay well that he offered to give £10,000 security for a guarantee of 4 per cent on its cost for five years if the line were taken from Warracknabeal via Beulah to the northern boundary of his lease. A Noted Bigamist.— The San Francisco papers) have (says the Argus) been giving some attention to the case of an adventurer named Madison, who seems to have Deeming's partiality for constantly seeking out wives and quickly getting rid of them, but in a harmless way. His latest victim, Mrs. Luciuda Dawes, a i respectable widow, of Elmira, learned that her husband had recently married another widow, at St. Louis, and robbed and deserted her at Cleveland while on her wedding trip. Soon after he appeared ab Elmira. He straight way won the other widow's heart, and she married him two days later. Ab his insbance she then sold her effects, and gave him the money, as they were about to starb for San Miguel, California, where, as he said, he owned a fine fruit farm. Madison went out to buy tickets and never came back. Mrs. Dawes learned that Madison had been in California underthenameof Anderson, and thab he had deserted a young wife there after robbing her, besides swindling others out of £1,000. He went to Germany, found his wife's mother, who lives ohere, and was about to get hold of her money when she received a warning through a letter from her daughter. Then he appeared in Chicago, met another confiding woman, and married her under the pretence of owning 1,200 aores of land in Michigan. She shared the fate of her predecessors. Since his original marriage in San Miguel and be tween that and his marriage to Mrs. Dawea, Anderson married a Danish immigrant girl ab Cherokee, Iowa. He went with her to Omaha, where he robbed her of her money and deserted her. He went east, and ab Hoboken meb another young Danish woman. Learn ing thab she had considerable money he married her. He was living with her in Boston wnile he was corre sponding with Mrs. Dawes. While he was in correspondence with Mrs. Dawes he married a widow who lived in Kansas Ciby, got $260 of her money and disappeared, and also married a woman in Galena, HI., who was treated in like manner. His sixth victim was Mrs. Dawes. The St. Louis widow seems to have been the only one of Anderson's dupes who sot to work to hunt the fellow down. She pub detectives on his track, and he waa found in Albany in a fair way to secure his seventh victim in that city in the person of a well-to-do widow. He was arrested, and placed in gaol in Cleveland. Five of his wives signified tbeir intention to appear againsb him when he comes to trial. His original and only legal wife obtained a divorce from him two years ago. Cultivation of Fibre in Victoria.— Mr. J. Knight, tho fruit expert of the Victorian Agricultural Department, has forwarded a report to the Secretary of that department 'concerning the fibre seed distributed by it some months ago among farmers in various parts of Victoria. He states (according to the Argus) that nearly all of ib has thriv3n in a manner thab will excite an interest in its culti vation, and, if the action of the department is carefully followed up by the issue of suitable information regarding the treatment of the fibre, the experiment will mo3b likely prove, a highly beneficial one to both the farmers and the State. On the northern p'ains good samples of hemp have been produced, and he believed that, with the assistance of irriga tion, highly remunerative yields could be obtained. The seed has also flourished in Gippsland. There is, however, a wanb of knowledge regarding the after treatment of the raw material, and also an absence of suit able machinery in the colony for the purpose, many of the crude appliances in use by those who are experimenting being insufficient to produce samples suitable for competing with the imported article. Mr. Knight adds thab he intends to make enquiries as to the pro speots of the trade introducing the necessary machinery, as he is confident that assistance in that way would be of great benefit to those entering into the growth of hemp. A sample of Victorian-grown fibre has been tried at the rope works of Messrs. James Millar &Co.;, Melbourne, and judging from the result the Victorian-grown article promises to equal the imported hemp. Sudden Death. — Information has baen received by the polise that at about noon on Saturday as John King, aged sixty-five, waa at dinner at his residence, Norwood, he sud denly fell from his chair and expired. About three years ago the deceased meb with an accident in falling from a load of wood, and since then had been an invalid and unable to work. He was discharged from the Adelaide Hospital, where he had been under treatment for a while about) six months ago, and from that date to his death he had been an out patient. Dr. Hayward, who had attended the deceased for some timo, expressed his opinion that death was due to hearb disease. Mr. King had been a resident in the colony for over thirty years. The Coroner did not consider an inquest necessary. Sale of New Zealand Properties.— The first sale has been announced of the Bank of New Zealand Estates Company, Limited, on April 20, Messrs. Guinness & Le Cren, in conjunction with the New Zea-' land Loan and Mercantile Agency Com pany, being the auctioneers. The two properties to.be submitted are situated in the Timaru distriot, South Canterbury, and comprise altogether about 9,310 acres, of which the estate of Riverslea, to be sold in twenty three lots, contributes about 3.000 acres free hold and 1,010 acres leasehold. .Arowhenua contains about 4,700 acres, and will be sub mitted in twenty-two lots. Received.— A pamphleb containing an address delivered from tho Chair of the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church of New South Wales by the Moderator, Rev. J. S. White, LL.D. Bishop's Home Mission Society.— The quarterly meeting of this Society is to be held at the Christ Churoh Schoolroom, North Ade laide, this evening, Bishop Kennion presiding. The Earl of Meath is announced to speak. Adelaide Hunt Clud. — The annual general meeting will be held at the Globe Hotel this afternoon for the election of Master and officers for the ensuing season and other business. Lecture.— At the Churoh of Christ, Grote street, Mr. Isaac Selby, ex-infidel lecturer, will speak on ' Bradlaugh and Spurgeon Con trasted.' A.N.A. — A large attendance is requested ab a musical and literary evening ab Beach's to-nighb in connection with the Wattle Blossom League. Single Tax.— The autumn social of tho Single Tax League of South Australia will take place at the Albert Hall to-night, when the Tucker prize essayist is to be announced.! Entertainment. — The Rechabite Hall, Grote-street, will to-night be the soene of an entertainment by the Buffalo Minstrels in aid of the West Adelaide Crickeb Club. Swimming, t— The annual Prince Alfred College swimming matches will be held this evening at the City Baths, 