^astotal-^(|ricultutal. THE BUTTER BONUS. Every one who has been paying any attention to the progress of dairying in Australia most have noticed the great advance which has been made in Vic toria within a comparatively recent period. So great has it been that we now read of the export cf tons of butter from the southern colony to the home markets. Not only has there been a great increase in the amount of the produce, but the superiority of the quality is such that it fetches a high price in the old country, where it has to compete with the famed Irish and Danish butters. Of course many will be ready to cry out that all this is due to the butter bonus system, . which within the last few years has been in operation in Victoria. It will not be possible to deny that much of the prosperity is due to the cause named, but other circumstances have contri buted to it a good deal, and in the popular discussion of the subject pro duced by the Treasurer's proposals these are not likely to have the weight attached to them that is due. It is to be noticed in the first place that arable agriculture has been making steady progress in Victoria. The colony in a measure owes it£ existence to mining. Miners at first formed the bulk of the population, and there has always been a large proportion of them in it. In order to feed them others have had to engage in agriculture, and they have found the employment profitable. The number of agriculturists has not been so large that they could not find a fair market for their farm produce. Then many who were engaged in mining, and work connected with it, when it began to fail, went into agricul ture, and took with them money earned in other occupations. This enabled them to make a good start. With some little money at command they were able to fence their holdings, and put on im provements of which they soon reaped the benefit. How often has it been made the subject of grievous comment in this Colony, that we could not get as immigrants men who had a knowledge of agriculture, and some little means to enable them to make a start in it. It is such men who have created in Vic toria the class of peasantry who form an important element in the com munity. They now constitute the fanning class, and have capital at com mand to carry on their industry. Their influence is shown in the existence of the butter bonuses, of which they have been reaping the advantage. Now these men are in favourable circum stances for carrying on dairying. They have had time to perfect a process of artificial selection of milch cows. They are on well fenced farms, and can give their milkers that variety of food which promotes quantity and excellence of milk. , Recently too, they have been able to combine, and make butter factories a success. They are well up in' the dairying business, and are now favoured by circumstances which they have created. Of course they will say many of these have been due to the operation of the bonus system. Ex perience, shows, however, it is bad policy, apart from the unfairness of the proceeding, to tax the community for the benefit of one class. It is not neces sary at this time of day to point out that bonuses have ultimately to be paid by the majority, and they have also to pay an increased price for the produce bonussed. Not very long ago the Mel bourne press made merriment out of the fact that while Victorian butter was selling in London at a shilling per pound, consumers were being asked to pay about double that price for it in Victoria. At best the bonus system is objectionable ; but expediency renders it sometimes excusable, if not even necessary. There is need for the agricultural industry receiving some encouragement. It is of the first importance to the Colony. Our prosperity depends largely on its de velopment, and no branch of it is more deserving of encouragement than thedairring. Unless it receives help the country will be inundated with the pro duce of the other iiilonies, to the prejudice of our own goods. Our farmers are handicapped in the competi tion with Victoria and New South Wales, and it will be expedient to de vote a portion of the money raised from the occupiers of land to assist dairying. There is this difference between the bonus system here and elsewhere — that the money to be expended on it is to be raised from those immediately to be benefited. The ultimate effect of it may be that colonists in general who have to buy butter may have to pay a larger price for it, but surely they will not grudge to do that if at the same time we have employment abundant, and other industries stimulated and rendered pros perous. Our social fabric rests on agri culture, and whatever aids the latter promotes the erection of the former. Where agriculture flourishes the people are prosperous, contented, and happy. Productive industries are the mainstay of manufactur ing industries, and without the former we cannot maintain the latter. While the bonus is to be levied from those to be benefited by it, there is not much likelihood of its being long con tinued, only a little aid is wanted to make the dairying industry boom. It needs a little help to get properly estab lished, and once it is fairly on its feet it will be able to go on steadily and sturdily. Among the results of the system will be the improvement in the breed of dairy cattle. The old scrubbers that are unmanageable without their calves tugging at their udders, and which at l:-est give not more than a pound of butter a week, will be weeded out. In their stead we will have kindly kine, such as they have in the southern colonies, which for eight months in the year yield a pound of butter daily. There should also be a great improve ment in dairy management. The separator will come into more general use, and the methods of butter and cheese-making taught by the Govern ment dairy experts will be more care fully and generally followed. The use of the silo will become common, and for people in towns wholesome fresh butter will be available all the year round. On the whole, therefore, the butter bonus, as an expedient to assist dairying, is worthy of a fair triaL 