BRITISH TRADE IN 1891. . COtOMIflt INDUSTRIES- LONDON, 8rn January. . The following summary of British trado in 1891 has boen prepared by our London correspondent and telegraphed to us . from Albany s — . : The Baring criBis in November, 1890, formed a uew Biaiuug i>umn 111 JDUIIBU UHUUVU trades. Fortunately the profound and far reach ing extent and inflnenco of that disaster was slowly realised. Tho year 1891 was perhaps the most .anxious year during the last quarter of a century. : The . consummate skill and immense, courage .of. the Hank of England and tho co-operating banks mitigated the consequences.' Tho -worst is now probably over ; but the recovery will bo slow, and possibly extend over yoars. Tho volumo of tho British oversea trade was about equal to that of 1899, but the proportion of exports nnd imports was seriously altered. The exports decreased by. £16,250,000, the : imports iucreasod £14,750,000, tho latter being largely duo , to the higher prioo of . food, America securing the biggest share of the benefit of speculative business naturally felt tbo huaviestforco of tho Baring blow. Tho investing public lost confi dence, and a shrinkage of values rendered securities unsaleable. The amount cleared at the London ; bankers' ;clearing houso allows a \- decrease of 12| per oont., and a further rcduo tion iB expected this year. - About 700 registered companies wound up during tho year, and many others were , forced ; to reconstruct. The number of oomnanics placed on the market was much less than in previous years. A curious fact is that money was gonorally abundant and cheap during 1891, the averago rato being a frac tion over 3£ per. ceut. against . 4 per cent, in tho previous year, and per cent the year before. The rato was changed a dozen times to meet tho obnnging phases ot the situs- tion. The monotary troubles of South America, Russia, Spain, Greece, Portugal, Italy, and in much lvsser degree France and . Cor many, pre vented the dreaded eillux of gold. The advanco of some millions against the Baring securities, with a comparative absence of speculation, kept London supplied with cheap money. . Australia suffered severely during tho year. The Bank of England, with colonial banks and syndicates, helped somo partly subscribed colonial loans through, but they are unlikely to repeat the assistance unless under special terms this year. Hostilo journals and writors in reviews have succeeded in considerably weaken ing colonial ercdit. It is a grave mistake to sup pose that tho educated investing olssses nro un affected by tho oritioism of respectable publica tions. It is useless to. dony that a fooling is prevalent that the colonics have over borrowed. Their vast natural wealth is admitted, but prudent government is disputed, l'ho market .requires, delicate handling during tbe coming (year. Tire fluctuations during 1891 of Australian inscribed stock ranged from 7 to 10 per cent., Canada 7 per cent.. Cape , of Good Hopo 6 per cent., Natal 7 per cent., India 6 per cent., consols' 3 per coot. Many European securities .... suffered more serious depreciation than tbo colonial securities. The London registers of tbo colonial banks show tlio effeot of tbo severity of tbo times, and.it is doubtful whether in some eases there will ever, bo a recovery of prices. Tho panics in Sydney and Melbourne, tho stoppage of land banks, and the. scandals aonneeted therewith, have had surprisingly little effect on the prices of colonial stooks. Tho distinction between the great solvent banks and other corporations,, and tho pseudo banks and speculative building societies, was quickly pereeived, but the suspensions helped to prevent tho suc cess of new ventures. Australian Company promoters had a bad year in London,; aud underwriters anil investors would hardly glance at a colonial prospectus. Thoughtful financiers believe .that prudent government including severe retrenchment will do much to restore colonial credit, provided borrowing is mini mised. : Inoreaaed production will also bo .a powerful factor in recovery. The now export- ing industries are watched- with keen interest, and it is hoped the immigration of smnll 'capi talists and real working men will be encouraged. The fallowing is a review of colonial products in the London market : — . ' Wool. — Few speculators have mado money last year owing to the decline in prices. The gross value per' bale of colonial wool is now about £13, which is nearly 15 per cent, lower than the average of 1890. Last year opened with consumcis generally hopeful of a more profitable trade than was realised. Tho latter half of year was very unprofitable, though tho low prices realised -at the fourth and fifth scries induced a certain amount of speculative activity. Raw merino wool is relatively dear compared with current values of yarns and tops, and unloss tho export woollens materially Improve during tho coming year, it is probable tho pricos of raw merino will recede as tho expected supplies from the colonics and River Plate reach Europo, Exception will possibly be found in good.freo : combings, which, owing to the probable demand in America, and also tho anticipated revival of exports of the best , goods from America, may not seriously weaken. Should publio taste , change in favor of merino quality, inferior and shabby crossbre'ds will probably cheapen. Superior bright- fine wools havo good demand . becauBO of . small supplies. ( Wheat.— Siuco 1880 , the , wheat arch has increased beyond requirement. The year 1891 was the first (year. in) whioh the consumption overtook" supply,' The area is now stationary, and it is necessary to onlarge it to meet tho demand of the growing population. India will shortly require all for tlio' homo ..market. It . is uneo'essary to give the fluotuqtings (of tho' English market for last year stocks. Ax the closo they.auounted to nearly 2,000,000 quarters over thoso of January. _. Caluo'rriian was 6s. higher ; . Australian. spot, 5s.', to 8s.; Russian, 5s. ' to' 7s.;' Indian, 5s. The imme diate outlook of the market is favorable to growers.. 'Australian shipments of good quality and regular arrivals are likely (to maintain and possibly improve values till tlio approaoh of tho English harvest. Tbo rcduotion of tbo German duties causes freer purchases to replace rye. Franco requires 1(000,000 quarters monthly till September. Other foreign demands are certain. r Flour.— The flour market moved throughout the year in sympathy .with wlicat. Tbo demand was stehdyi and supplies' .were full. It is expected that France will be a largo buyer until the harvest. . Sl'GAiL — The sugar market in England was less . fluctuating than in previous years, tbe fluctuations hot exceeding 2s. 6d. , per, owt. Several lots of Queensland hold at full relative values compared with Mauritius descriptions. A few parcels of grainy,, though scarcely, good enough, showed excellent 'quality for refining. Thegeneral opinion is that higher all round prioes will be obtained during'the' coming year, includ ing Queensland produots. - Consequent on the gradual increase of consumption in Europe and America, and probably Bmall stocks of .beet, the great regulator of prices, the crop being moro dependent on tho weather tlianthe extent, this year the area is unlikely to ho rcduoed while present prices last. A good season- would yiold an increase of beet of 400,000 tons. The stooks of sugar are 102,000 tons, compared with 117,000 tlio previous year. : . Butter. — Tbo tendency of the trade .during the past season largely favors Australian de mand. Tho factories nro tho greatest faotora of tho traded The packing in several instances militated- against business, owing to tho placing of the butter direct in tho -boxes without covering, causing serious depreciation and making tho butter linsightly. A remedy for this is an absolute necossity, Several lower grades havo heen interspersed witb the higher, and this causod serious fluctua tion. It is neaossary to overoomo preju dice, and to send the best brands. . Via- fni-in . tm a suffered esneeialiv from' tho praotico of sending old and inferior butter branded with fancy marks. It was sug gested that stops should bo taken to stop any such brand on mere greaso and make' shippers lialilo to a penalty. It is necessary to prevent the mingling of tho butters of different dairies in the same box. Small buyers object ; to tbo unreliable streaky and qvorcolored butter, whioh is almost unsaleable. Tlio salt used is soinetimos of inferior quality, boing. gritty, and this bos caused soinc lots of butter to bo unsaleable or f sold it has brought very low pricos. The sea son's shipments for Canada and tbo United iStatcs were email and ate likely to bo smaller owing to increasing local consumption. It is difficult to mako any definite statement as to tlio probablo quantity that will bo absorbed next season, but brokers are unanimous in stating that there is an unlimited market far the bust factory buttor of Australia. This butter in tho past season was steadily andsnrcly'beating tbo Irish, -Dutoh and tho .Normandy. Mer chants and brokers aulogiso the efforts of tho Yiotorian experts. Tho supplies of Danish, Dutoh, Frenoh; and Swedish -were lorgost- 'from April . to September, whon tbo prices .ruled lowest, reaching 60s. to ,70s. , . Ooto- ber is tlio most advisable month for Australia to commeneo iu order - to. arrive at the ond of April. Shippers should neoessarily aim at' regu lar weekly supplies. The past season's irregu larities were disappointing, ond a loss. to traders. It is ailvisablo iu sending that tbo samo fao torics Bbould employ tlio samo broker throughout the season. - Grass butter and the .best Yiotorian fuotories realised highest prieos. Unlimited shippings next season may double or treb!e(witli safety, anil othor advantages may acoruc. Grasmcre, Fnrnham, Fresh Food and Frozon brands commanded largest Bale. Rest priees rangod for dairy butters. Milled, 100s. to 108s.;- common dairy milled, 90s. to 92s. These aro nearly always unsaleable, and only owing to soaroity of American ; a drop of 20s. or 25.- moj come nt any moment. Fnotory, 116s. to 124s., some lots 126. to 128s. Lost year faotories, 108s., 118.; dairy, 96s., 100s Quan tities expeoted from the Continent are likely to bo reduced. Returns of imports aro not made up yet. Closing pricos Prime Danish ranged from 136s., 142.; Normandy, 106s,, 126s.; Fricsland, 116s., 124a.; Brittany, "96s., 110s. Frozen Meat. — Tho general tone and ten dency of : tbo market are good. Stocks ore con gested owing to tbe commitment of the oolonioi beyond tho requirements, which has cauisd many forced sales. Supplies oE Australian and Elver Plate dwindled at tlio end' oE tho ' year, enabling an advance in prieos. StockB nt tho close of tho year wore heavier . than in 1890. Now Zealand mutton held tho premier position in quantity and quality, but tho average quality was lower than the quality in 1890. It iB considered advisablo to delay no lougor in getting rid of mcrinocs, because tho growing competition of Australia and Eiver Plato renders it desirable that New Zealand should direct her entire energies to tho shipment of primo crossbred?. Por months past primo River Plato mutton lias boon a farth ing a pound higher than Now Zealand merino, leading to great confusion in the minds of consumers. Australian qualities were well maintained, many showed improvement. ' Queensland has a big future, provided thatprimo carcasses only aro shipped. The Kivor Plato shipments are dcoidcdlv improved. Tho Now Zealand system of grading is regarded as a success, and desorvea general adoption. The experience of tho year emphasises tho demand of a guarantee for reasonable regularity in qualities shipped under braudB. It is abso- lutely ossential to onBuro satisfactory distribution of consignments and save clinrgcs of shippers. Steps to mcot this want would tond enormously to develop trade. Cargoes during the past year arrived in fair condition. Experiments in ship- pingmutton and veal in slcinsprovcd unsuccessful The tallow market, featureless and void, anil speculation prices closo somewhat under n Id. Pino Australian mutton ranged from 27a. 6d., nttheoponingof the year to 29s. 3d. in'April, closing at 26s. 9d. Bcof tallow oponed at 26s., Tooohing 27s. 3d. in Slay, and closing at 25a. Dd. Homo tallow prices are practically unchanged, if nnything slightly lower. The supplies of homo tallow woro short throughout, tho year. Tho' total quantity now arrived in London was 91,000 casks. Island, 880 ; North America, 3300 -, others, 500 ; balance supplied — Australia, 56,190; and New Zealand, 29,976. The future depends on tbe supply of the home produce. Should Aus tralasian supplios remain normal it is unlikely there will be seiious changes in prieos during thoyenr. Gold operations show an increase of over £7,000,000 sterling over 1890, tho total being £30,000,000, and onablcd the Bank of England to return £4,500,000 to Enssin. Portugal gavo the largest increase, £6,000,000; Australasia, £4,500,000; South Africa produced £2,500,000, an increase of £500,000. The silver market for the year was disappoint ing. Prices showed a gradual decline, which was accounted for by tho wont of demand from India, togother with .the increase of sup plios. A strong general opinion is held that prioes will not go much lower, and dividend paying minos aro engaging a larger amount of attention. The greatest confidence is. manifested in shares in locally managed com panies with small capitals, such as Suubrush and Golden Gate, and it is likely tlioy will exoito mnoh greater interest in the future. The pros- ' poots of the coming year favor a genoral revival in tho mining market, provided swindles are not issued. ' . . . " '. 