ADDI2TIONAL, TO Il'tIVIOUU in TILELEG A IiS. la LONDON, MNaRcun 30. in 'Te Times this morning, in on article he dealing with the Australian colonies, says in tlhat it is not surprised at the unsatisfac- ag tory condition of the Victorian and New in' South Wales railways, anti at other abuses tn in the administration, considering the class thi from which the bulk of the legislators are re: ohosen, and the peculiar character of the of constituencies. ap The. tension between Canada and ni 'America in connection with the Behring W Sea fisheries is increasing. Officials at Yascouver are now detaining the sealers fo andpreventing them from proceeding to ni sea. Further developments are imminent. SAt a crowded meeting of the Imperial ~Federation League to-day, a resolution was ni unanimously carried to the effect that any fr .'"eheme uhich might be devised to bring about Imperial federation should embrace d a:commercial union based as far as possible on a system of free- trade through- it out the Empire. A -report, which is well accredited, is current to the effect that the British r general elections will be held in June or July next. cl u Sir Charles Tupper, High Commissioner for Canada in London, has contributed an . article on the Empire League to the it `current number of the Nineteenth Celntury magazine. He contends that the objects sought to be obtained by the league would hot involve the principle of protection in any way, and cites the action of the Aus ?ralasian Agents- General in seeking to abrogate certain clauses relating to inter. national treaties as evidence of Australian o feeling' on the subject. c0 A revolution has broken out at Matto Ofosso, a province of Brazil. The head- P quarters of the revolt are at Fort Coimbra,it a sitronghold on the bank of the Paraguay. 0 It is stated that the insurgents will use the 0 fort to resist the national troops. i Si:The ballot of coal miners in the county df.Durham has closed, with the result that P the proposal of the owners to submit the questions in dispute to arbitration has been rejected. A large majority is in t favour of continuing the strike. S"The governors of the Bank of England it are highly gratified at the amends honorable o made by Sir Thomas M'Iiwraith, Treasurer ti foi Queensland, in connection with the little trouble that recently arose between the colony and the bank The explanation offered by Sir Thomas has given great Ssatisfaction in city circles. In connection with the report' recently o published that the Victorian Government it had arranged with a financial firm for the c issue of'the remaining £1,000,000 worth of b Treasury bills, which report was deniedby ti Mg Shiels, the Premier, it is now stated P that, although the negotiations have not d been actually completed, the Government tl is parleying with financiers with a view to P 'arranging terms for the issue of the bills. • In'the West Indies a movement is being a organisedto approach the Imperial Govern- a mennt demanding the franchise and au tonomy. P A cable mneFage has been published in the London newspapers stating that the Victorian .. ssociated Banks have au. thorised an announcement to be made in Melbourne that they have mutually agreed to extend their joint support to any of their t number requiring it. The fact that such a precautionary measure should have been a deemed necessary has produced a feeling b f tineasiness in financial circles here. The continued migration of large num- c bers of persecuted Jews fsom Russia is d again exciting the apprehension that hordes of these people who are forcibly preo. yented from crossing the frontier into Ger- t many may seek to settle in England. It has transpired that with the view of pre Senating any such influx communications f have been sent to the British consuls throughout Russia directing them to warn all intending Jewish immigrants that they Swill notbewelcomeinEngland,and to advise 1 "them to settle elsewhere. Mr J. W. Lowther, Parliamentary Under Secretary to thb Foreign Office, has proposed to the GOovrnment that other steps should be takeni to expressly restrict the immigration I :of paupers. oA shocking story of the results of medi *al quackery is published from America. .An unqualified man who has been prac tising at Cimarron, in South.West Kansas, undertook to perform vaccination. He inboulated 20 children with the compound. .Sixteen of the children have since died, Ind the remaining four are not expected to -ecover from the effects of the inocula tIon. S'Mr Bailey, of Adelaide, Sir William Jervois, and Messrs Alexander Leonard and .Harold, the members of the committee Sappointed to arrange with English finan clers for a loan sufficient to meet the re q euirements of the Adelaide Outer Harbour, are now in negotiation with a well-known Arm. It is hoped the scheme may be asccessfully floated. T" ,ehe Queen's Birthday Gold Mining Company has been registered, with a caipital of £150,000. A proposal is being made for the amal gamation of several of the Dunolly mining ,companies, with Mr Dixon.Hartland, M.P. for the Uxbridge division of Middlesex, as 'chairman. A prospectus will be issued shortly. Affairs in Afghanistan are again some Swhat unsettled. By instructions of the Ameer a native chief who has been ,dominating the frontier tribes has been qaaptured. " A largely attended meeting of Irish imericans was held yesterday in New York, in furtherance of the movement for raising subscriptions towards the conduct df the Irish elections. A strong anti Parnellite feeling was manifested, and d'ring the proceedings there was a scene f intense excitement. %..Deep interest was shown in the steps beuing taken to secure the return of Home Bule members at the next elections. In the House of Commons last night a sudtion was submitted designed so as to reander the sale of land to the tenants in Ireiand compulsory under certain circum stances. The motion was negatived, SThe World states that her Majesty the Queen is anxious that Prince George, the eldest surviving son of the Prince of Wales, shall marry his cousin, Princess ?Mary Alice of Hesse. The butter market is being swamled .sith importations of Danish and NFr. 'anndyhbutter. Much of it is of Inferor 4guality. SThe finest factory butter from Austraia ,: selling at 110s per ewt; butter of second quality at O90s per cwt. v c LONDON, MAcnc 31. Evidence has been given before a com mittee of the House of Commons that the Shours of labour in some shops in the north of London amount to between 80 and 90 Shours a week. The masters generally tavoured a restriction of the hours of labour. .Owing to the depression in trade in the sotton manufactures 13,000,000 spindles at * Ashtoriunder-Lyne, near MIanchester. are atopping for a month in order to allow btocks to be reduced. ." The Protestants in the North of Ireland are, in view of the near approach of the general elections, organising to oppose the ,Home Rule agitation. An enthusiastic meetlng of the Unionists in the Province of "1lster. at which a several members of the House of Commons were present, was held list night. A resolution was carried in Sfavour of the holding of a con "ention with a view to making a formal protest against the severance ?f 4reland from Great Britain. The .flater Unioniste urge that they could not :share in any Irish Parliament that would Sbi acceptable to the Home' Rule Party. If rEome Rule should be granted they would therefore be obliged to passively resist the lgws made by that Parliament and the .taxation it might order. They appeal to the Imperial Parliament not to place them ; t the mercy of the Roman Catholic . inajority in the country. The Unionists ''further warn the Qladatonite party thatany attempt to force Home Rule upon them will : lead to civil war in the north. O'Connor, the Canadian sculler, has ecSllelnged the winnerof the match between , Btanbury and Sullivan, the New' Zealand ear-man,who row shortly for the champion ship. O'Connor is willing to row either in England or America for £1000. SMr Matthews,the Home Secretary, stated in thllouse of CoUmuonf tod-ay that ie had iiused an appeal to release Mlt - Osbosne on the pla th.it the taint of birth 1'' in pr:uu might be avoided in the case of Ci her eoected child. co Lore Wolseley, now Commmder in Chief k1 in Iroknd, in an article on tie chances of in aggresion against England,asserts that in invasion can be rendered imlossible, and hi thas the safety of the county would be vi enmsred, by the addition of 1;000 men to N the standing army and 90,00 to the ci reserve. as rt is expected that Dr. Yaugbtn, Bishop ir of Saltord, will bhe created a Cardnalon his di appoinmeut in successioun to Car4na. Man- rs ning asthe Roman Catholic Arelbisiop of mi Westimitter. h The azarchists in Spain thratn to destroy the palace at Madrid inreoenge at for the recent execution of someoftheir k number at Xeres. b. LONDON, Arutl. w Great interest has been awakenedirton- - nection with the passage of the IIJ.S. 11 Polynesien, which has made the puage re from Adelaide to Marseilles in 20 da7 cm Sydney correspondence of 1t. Mardtvas st delivered in London yesterday. o The half-yearly meeting of shareholers S in the Bank of Australasia was held yeir day. The Earl of Lichfield presided. 'no P chairman, in moving the adoption of leo e report, deprecated the feeling thati-. i vailed so widely in England, that to h colony of New Zesland had borroweda F excess of the amount fairly warranted ,y s its resources, and he further held that ti T new taxation imposed by the colony t r outside capital would not prove harmful. G In the House of Commonstbisafternooz c Baron Henry de Worms, replying to t: question by Mr Arthur F. .effreys, mel v her for Basingstoke, stated that the bill tc' be introduced in the Queensland Parlia-" ment, empowering the payment of.bonusestr on the export of frozen meat from that I colony was doubtless within the cos-i petence of.the colonial Parliament. In searching amongst the papers belong ing to Ravachol, the police have found orders for 1500 cartridges. These cartridges were intended to be used in a riotous out break which had been arranged to take place on May 1, during the great labour demonstration. The Tinses to-day, quoting largely from technical papers, calls attention to theire ports that danger :is to be apprehended from American apples and grapes through insecticides containing a large proportion of arsenic being employed in the destrue tion of pests on the trees and vines. 