CABLE MESSAGES. (Fnou ona London Corbgspondbki.) LOED SHEFFIELD'S TEAM. London, May 9. Lord Sheffield's team of cricketers havo arrived from Australia. EXPELLING BRITISH MIS SIONAEIES. London, May 9. News has bpen received that tho Chinoso military students at Sohunching aro, xvith the connivauco of tho Vicoroy, expelling British missionaries. DEATH OF LOED BRAMWELL. London, May 9. The death is announced of Lord Bram- well, formerly a Judge of the Court of Appeal, aged S3 years. [Bramxvoll (Lord), the Bight Hon. Sir George William AVilsher, P.O., son of the late Mr. George Bramwell, banker, xvaB born in London, in 1S0S (says " Men and Womon of tho Time"). In early youth he xvas placed in his father's counting-house, xvhere ho acquired a praotical knowledge of the business of banking, xvhich in after years proved of great value to him. Having resolved to try the legal profession, ho praolised for some lime as a pleader, and was, in 1838, nailed to the Bar, and went to tho Home Circuit. He gradually obtained a large busi- ness as a lawyer and pleador ; in l8 hi xvas a member, xvith Sir J. Jervis, Sir A. Cockburn, Mr. Willes, and Mr. Baron Martin, of the Common Laxv Procedure Commission, xvhioh resulted in tho Common Law Proceduro Act of 1852\. In 1851 ho became a Queen's Counsel, and was a member of the Commission for in- quiring into the laxv of partnership. Dilloring in opinion xvith the majority of tho Commis- sion, he recommended the adoption of a law of I limited liability as now existing. In ansxvor to the objection that persons might deal xvith limited liability companies believing them to bo unlimited, Mr. Bramxvell suggestod a dis- tinguishing addition to thoir name as " limited." This advice xx'as adopted, and gave great satis- faction. Mr. Bramwell xvas, in 1856, mode a Baron of the Exchequer, and received tho honour of knighthood. In October, 1870, ho xvas mode a Judge of tho intermediate Court of Appeal, and sworn of the Privy Council. He | retired from the bench at the oloso of the year 1881\. In February, 3882, ho was raised to the peerage by the titlo of Baron Bramxvell, of Hover, in the county of Kent. Lord Bram xvoll's frequont letters to tho Times, xvhother in his oxvn name or signed " B," have generally attracted attention.] VICTORIAN BRANDY. London, May 9. Tho satisfactory quality of tho Victorian brandy recently shipped to England is likely to load to further shipments, and it is expected that thoro xvill ho at least 60,000 gallons of Australian brandy in this country before Christmas. It is hoped that a largo trade xvill soon bo dovolopod. COLONIAL FRUIT. London, May 9. The Nexv Zealand apples received by the Kaikoura aro soiling at Ss. to 15s. per case. Tho grapes shipped by the same steamer wero well packed, and arrived in good con- dition. They aro selling at 9d. per lb. POISONED BY NIHILISTS. London, May 9. General Grosser, Prefect of Police at St. Petersburg, has boen poisoned, it is believed, by Nihilists, and his condition is regarded as hopeless. MR. GLADSTONE AND THE LABOUR PARTY. London, May 9. Mr. John Burns, tho labonr leader, in a speech delivered at Battersea to-day, declared that the attitude taken up by Mr. Gladstone on an important social and economic labour question (the eight-hour day) xvould not assist him in sweeping the country at the general election, as the labour party insisted upon a quid pro quo for their support of the Irish Home Eulo policy. Mr. Gladstone, he said, had better disregard the policy of his advisers, which was of a suicidal character. THE OROYA-FYLLA COLLISION. London, May 7. A Marine Court of Inquiry has been held into the circumstances attending tho disaster which occurred in the English Channel on the 1st January, when the Danish schooner Fylla was run down by the Orient steamer Oroya. The court acquitted the captain and officers of the Oroya of negligence in connection with the collision. The Danish schooner Fylla, of Budkjöbing, Captain Jensen, was run down by the Orient Line steamer Oroya, Captain Lavington, be- tween Folkestone and Dover at 6.20 p.m. on Friday, 1st January. The Fylla had a crew of six all told, and was bound from Morris Haven, with over 200 tons of coal, for Lannion, France. The vessel foundered immediately, and Cap- tain Jensen was drowned. The Oroya was proceeding at a high rate of speed, and had passed several vessels. When the accident occurred she was steering with two other vessels in close proximity to the Fylla. In avoiding these vessels the Oroya fouled, the Danish schooner. The weather was fine. The Fylla was on the starboard tack on a free wind, and the crew were below at supper. The Oroya struck the Fylla a slanting blow about midships, and crushed her in, the hold immediately filling with water. The topmast rigging of the schooner as she heeled over was caught in the flukes of the Oroya's anchors and thus kept the wreck afloat for a few seconds, while Peter Patersen, her mate, and the four seamen managed to scramble on board the Oroya over the steamer's bows. Captain Jensen was thrown overboard. His voice was heard after the schooner sank, and every effort was made to rescue him, but he could not be found. Immediately after the accident a subscription was made on board the Oroya, and £29 was raised for the shipwrecked seamen. The Oroya saw no lights on the Fylla. A VINDICATION OF KEW ZEALAND. London, May 10. Mr. \V. B. Perceval, Agent-General for New Zealand, read a paper on that colony at a meeting ot the Colonial Institute last evening. He claimed that New Zealand was a perfectly safe field for investment, and was rapidly doveloping wealth. Ho defended the recent financial legislation of the colony, and denied that the labour party had advocated confiscation or repu- diation. He thought that English states- men exhibited some timidity in preparing a scheme of Imperial Federation. A COLONIAL STATESMAN HONOURED. Loudon', May 10. A bust of the lato Sir John Macdonald, Premier of Canada, has been eroded in St. Paul's Cathedral. THE RACEHORSE ORME. London, May IO. Mr. John Porter, trainer for tho Duke of "Westminster, asserts that ho and Mr. Williams, tho veterinary surgeon, aro con- vinced that the raoohorse Orino has boon Buffering from the offects of a strong irritant poison, and not, as was staled, from denti- tion. AUSTRALIAN CRICKET. London, May 10. George Lohmann, one of tho crickotors who visited Australia with Lord Sheffield's English team of cricketers recontly, in tho course of an interview yostorday staled that in his opinion \V. Bruco, tho Victorian crickoter, was tho best batsman in Aus- tralia. He also statod that a vast improve- ment was noticeablo in tho orickot played in Sydney and Melbourne. WAR CRUISERS FOR AMERICA. London, May 10. I Tho United States Senato has endorsed ' tho arrangement with tho Inman Steam- ship Company, which will havo tho effect of securing for tho United States the services of the steamships City of New York and City of Paris as war cruisers, and also tho sorvices of iivo other fast stoamors. [Tho nature of the arrangement that has, ? according to our cable message, boen mado botweon the Unitod States Government and tho Inman Company for soouring the services of tho company's stoamors as war cruisers is by no moans clear, but it may be mentioned in this connection that both the City of Paris and the City of New York (which are vessels of 10,500 tons and 18,000-horse power, with a speed of 19 knots) aro included in the list of merchant steamers held at tho disposal of tho British Admiralty for uso as armed cruisers in caso of need.] SECRETARYSHIP OF THE CONGRE- GATIONAL UNION. London, May 10. The Rev. W. J. Woods has boen 'finally elected secretary of the Congregational Union of England and Walos. Mr. Albert Spicor has boen elected chair- man of the Congregational Union. [At a meeting on 2nd February of tho goneral committee of tho Congregational Union tho Rev. J. Guinness Rogers brought up tho íejiort of a special oomraitteo respecting the vaoant secretariat, recommending the appointment of tho Bov. Vf. J. Woods, of Clapton, subjoct to ratification by the annual mooting in May. Mr. Woods was accordingly provisionally appointed secretary, and the appointment has now been ratified.] ARGENTINE FINANCES. London, May 10. Dr. Pellegrini, President of the Argen- tine Republic, has expressed himself as con- fident that tlio revenue of tho Republic" for the first six months of tho current year xvill oxceed the revenue for tho xvhole of the year 1801. [Adospatohfrorathe special correspondent of the Times, dated Buenos Ayres, 3lst Mareil, states that " Everything indicates that, but for tho shaky position of politics, gold xvould havo had a sharp fall, oxving to tho steady impiovo ment in the monetary situation. The Customs receipts for March amount to seven millions of dollars, against txvo and a-quarter milions for the same period last year.] THE PAIIANG REBELLION. London, May 10. Latest nowB from tho Malay Peninsula stntos that the Sultan of Paining, xvith 500 folloxvors, is now engaged in active opera- tions against the rebels. THE ITALIAN POLITICAL CRISIS. London, May 10. Ii is probable that Signor Giolotti, xvhoso action lead to the dofoat of tho Eudini Cabinet, xvill bo summoned by King Hum- bert to form a now Italian Ministry. ATTACK ON RUSSIAN JEWS. London, May 10. An attack has been made on the Joxvish quarters at Lodz, in Poland, by 20,000 Russians, and many of the Jews xvoro killed. MR. DIBBS'S MISSION. London, May 10. _ The Times, in an article published this morning, says that tho mystery xvhich ia preserved with regurd to Mr. Dibbs's mission to England xvill have a harmful tendency, and xvill suggest anxiety as to the solvency of tho Australian colonies, although thoir solvency is undoubted. Mr. Dibbs, the article states, xvould render the best serx'ico to the colonies if ho were to declare that stops would be taken to prevent misappropriation and political corruption, that immigration would bo encouraged, and that money borroxved xvould bo properly applied. A BERLIN SCANDAL. London, May 10. A judicial inquiry has been instituted in Berlin in connection xvith the charge made against a Jewish firm of selling half-a million useless rifles to the army authorities, and hoodwinking the inspectors. PUGILISM. London, May 9. Tom Williams, the champion Australian lightweight pugilist, has been matched to box Nicklen, an English lightweight, for a purse of £200, at the National Sporting Club, London, on 4th July. DERBY BETTING. London, May 10. Tho latest betting on tho English Derby is as folloxvs :-2 to 1 v. La Fleche, 100 to 12 v. Bona Vista, 9 to 1 v. Saint Dumien. AN ANARCHIST VICTIM, London, May 10. M. Very, the proprietor of a restaurant in Paris which was recently bloxvn up by Anarchists, and who xvas terribly mutilated by the "explosion, has now died from his injuries. 