AGRICULTURAL NOTES. From the Queenslander.) The consignees of butter both from Austral ia and New Zealand (says the^íííií/aírtsw«'-! London correspondent) are complaining of the defence ration of then consignments when compared with the animals during November and December It is quite possible that the increasing temperature in the colonies may be directly the cause of the complaints, which are growing in volume as each shipment is received Factories as well as farmers are neglecting those precautions which hot weather Tender necessarily The butters are in irving very uneven in quality and very varied in colour It is becoming quite a common experience on opening the packages of a factory which has had a 1111,11 reputation hitherto, to discover every box a different quality as well as a varied shade of yellow Butters that are shipped in the colonies as choice qualities are found on arrival to be really second guide articles, and this decrease of the finest choice grades and the increase of secondary qualities is becoming a serious question for the butter agents in this country On 18th February one of the king of the men had many inquiries for choice button, and could have sold 200 to 100 packages at high prices but although he had above 1000 boxes in his warehouse there was not one he could sell as all were of secondary quality 'there is also evident carelessness in packing some of the butter a that formerly came in faultless condition The Parramatta and Maori have both just landed their cargoes, and the butter packages evince signs of heating before they reached the cool chambers The butter has in some instances even melted and run to the sides of the boxes, and afterwards broke away It is not yet 1 known here how late shippers intend to despatch butter from the colonies, but the middle of March is quite late enough, as prices will have considered!) received below the late cargoes can be sold in England the whole bench of Supreme Court judges in Victoria heard a case, stated by Judge Chomley, in the appeal by the Royal Agricultural Society against the rating of their ground by the Essendon council The annual value was fixed at 6500 the rate on which was £112 The society argued that the ground was held for public purposes and should pay only a nominal late His Honour reduced the amount to Is The judges held that this decision was light, but they armed at that opinion on different grounds Some of the judges held that it was not liable, as the trustees received no benefit from the gate money or fees, and others that there was no evidence of what the value of the land was subject to the restrictions in the lease According to an American writer there is a lack of good quality of beef in the markets of the world. The price for best qualities has been firm for the past year in all the leading markets, both in the United States and Great Britain | There has been little or effort made during the past five years, in any put of the United ' States, to improve the quality of the beef cattle of the country Many feeders are feeding cattle ; that do not pay for the food they eat while well bred cattle feed at a profit Butchers and marketeers are cutting and selling these low , grades of cattle to the consumers at prices which ought to buy first class beef The subject of the use as food of animals affected by actinomycosis or " lumpy jaw," has received a good deal of attention in America, and investigation has been going on for a long time in connection with the disease, a number of scientific men taking opposite sides in the controversy in the state of PcnnsWiama veterinarians have given special attention to the matter and members of the Philadelphia Veterinary College have recently reported their conclusions to a meeting of the Philadelphia Society of Veterinary Medicine They declare that there is no case on record of the disease having been transmitted to human beings from eating the meat of cattle- thus diseased, and that where an inspection discloses that the organs of the body are not affected no ill effects can possibly arise from the use of the meat. This conclusion, the report states, is in agreement with the views of Cruikshank of London, No card of Paris, and Ivanov of Moscow, eminent scientists who have studied the disease. The German authorities, where the- strictest inspection of foods is maintained, permit the sale of beasts thus affected, and pronounce the meat perfectly wholesome. The year 1891 has given a bumper crop to Canada, and from the Atlantic to the Pacific the farming community has done well. The Official Crop Bulletin of Manitoba places the harvest of that province at over 41,000,000 bushels of grain. Of this total, wheat represents 23,000,000 of bushels, as against some 14,000,000 in 1890, the average yield having risen from 21 to 25 bushels per acre. Notwithstanding the abundant yield good prices are being realised, and in view of the short European supply they are likely to go better. Under these favourable circumstances a large immigration is expected this year. The wheat crop of the province of Ontario has reached 31,000,000 bushels, and the yield per acre is returned at 2327 bushels. Barley has been a good crop, and oats in particular, the average yield of the latter reaching over 40 bushels per acre. In fruits a phenomenal apple crop was secured, and the exports to date, to England alone, lave exceeded last year's figures by more than 500,000 barrels. The annual show of the Lockyer (late Laidley) Agricultural and Industrial Society is to take place at Gatton this year. When the scope of the operation of the society was enlarged it was decided to hold the meetings alternately at Laidley and Gatton, so that each of the centres of the district might share equally in the benefit accruing horn the show. The Gatton Race Club has given the use of its grounds and buildings, so that there is nothing to prevent this season's effort being a success. The new arrangement is expected to largely increase the popularity and usefulness of the society. Mr. G. F. Sandrock, of the Woodlands, Bowen, has given us the result of some experiments he has made with the view of preserving seed maize from weevil. He writes : "In September, 1890, I filled a kerosine can and excluded the mr therefrom by soldering. On opening it about eight months after I found the maize to all appearance as sound and fresh as when first closed up, and without sign of weevil. Part of it was then sown and the rest again soldered up. Of the sown maize not fifty per cent came up, but what did grow yielded very well. At the beginning of this year I had the remainder sown ; it looked as well as at first, but it had lost all vitality, and rotted in the ground. Again in October, 1891, I closed in the same way some of the produce from the 1690 corn. This was opened last month, and looked (and still looks) as fine a sample as you would wish to see. It was sown, but there is evidently a large percentage of that not coming up. I therefore conclude that though maize can be preserved from weevil hythe simpleexclii sion of air from it yet for the purpose of seed it would become useless if kept longer than five or six months, I thought it might be useful to give the result of my small experiment; possibly others may have succeeded better in the (to the agriculturist) very important object of preserving their seed maize from one season to another." The recent outbreak of foot-and-mouth disease in England appears quite a mystery. At first it was supposed to have been introduced with some Danish cattle, but inquiries brought to light the fact that there had been no case of the disease in Denmark for years. Outbreaks occurred in several places where the disease could not be traced to direct or indirect contact with Danish cattle, and during the last week of February an outbreak occurred in Edinburgh, and the only theory hazarded in regard to its origin is that it had been imported with some Butch straw used for bedding in the dairy in which the outbreak occurred. The affected stock and all the straw were promptly destroyed, and it is believed the disease has been nipped in the bud. The experience of England shows the necessity for the stringent regulations in force in the Australian colonies in reference to imported stock. As in previous years the prize schedule of the Royal Agricultural Society, Toowoomba, is first in the field. The date of the show is the first week in August In this respect the Royal sets an example that might well be followed by other societies. This year a horticultural section has been added, and prizes are also offered for farm and dairy produce. Both these sections I ought to bring forward most interesting collections, situated as Toowoomba is in one of the richest districts in the colony. The sale of her Majesty's pedigree cattle at the Prince Consort's Shaw Farm in the first week in March was, so far as the Shorthorns were concerned, by far the best of the year. The stud Scotch Shorthorn bull New Year's Gift, of whom an illustration was recently given in these columns, fetched 3000 guineas, having been purchased by Lord Faversham. The general average of twenty-six cows and heifers and ten bulls was £75 8s. The Herefords averaged £25 12s., and the Devons (eight) £18 12s. 6d. Hitherto all the bulls, since Comet's day, that have reached four figures have been very close bred, and of what are usually termed " highly bred" ' fashionable lines. New Year's Gift is a Scotch Shorthorn, and is not in-bred. He traces back to cattle sold by the Collings to go into Scotland at a time when the breed was not recognised by its present family name, but was generally known as " Um hams" or " Teoswalers." He is what Mr. Robert Bruce would designate an excellent " steer getter." He is 4 years old, has only been shown six times, and has won six first prizes and four champion prizes, including first at the Royal at Windsor and at Plymouth and the Challoner Plate at Dublin. It seems matter for regret that Mr. Reginald Wyndham's herd of Herefords at. Leconfield is to be dispersed. Mr. Wyndham went to very great expense a few years ago in introducing into the herd some of the finest prize animals procurable in England. At his first sale, last year, some of his imported stock were purchased for the Durundur herd, and Mr. A. J. McConnel has gone South to attend the dispersion sale, when it is hoped that some others of the imported stock will find their way to this colony. The present visitation of foot-and-mouth disease in England is not unlikely to exercise a favourable effect on the meat export trade of Australia. It will unite all stock-breeders in demanding the exclusion of foreign cattle. Hitherto the free-traders have strongly opposed every attempt to exclude foreign cattle, under the belief that to do so would raise the price of meat. Now, however, the Pall Mall Gazette, as ultra free-trade organ, advocates the complete exclusion of all foreign live stock, denouncing the trade as " a survival from a time when freezing chambers were not invented, and a very ugly and unsavoury survival it is." Now that the subject has been lifted out of the region of discussion of free-trade v. protection there is every hope that the total prohibition of the importation of live cattle into England will be only a matter of months. The establishment of a wool-classing department in Sydney in connection with the Technical College has not pleased the local traders in wool, who entertain fears that a large number of youths of little experience will be certificated as qualified to enter upon the work of sheep and wool classing. The Sydney Mail publishes some facts that should help to re- assure the traders. It says :-" A recent visit to the class-room by a member of our staff shows that these students are not novices. Some of them have been in the wool trade for several years, and in one or two instances there are young men who have been classing on stations. They work in the class-room steadily from 9.30 army until 4.30 p.m., with an interval of one hour to lunch. Each student classes his lot of wool and then submits it to the instructor, who points out what he considers errors of judgment. The wool when classed is packed, pressed, and sold. On Saturdays the museum j is visited and a lecture given on the highest class wools. The training all through is thoroughly practical and, so far as our observe a tion tends, is more likely to serve than injure 1 the wool industry of the colony." 