THE FROZEN MEAT TRADE. We are glad to notice that the people of Mount Gambier are considering the question of establishing meat freezing and preserving works in their district, and we sincerely hope that the issue of their proposal may be successful. The promoters, however, should carefully consider certain features of tho in dustry as it affects the colonies generally. For one reason and another the frozen meat trade in this country has been a long time getting under weigh. As early as 1S7G-7 the possibility of finding a market in Europe for the surplus stock of Australia was under discussion, and the South Australian Commissioners to the Paris Exhibition of 1878 prepared a special report upon the subject. In 1880 ind 1881 several shipments of frozen carcasses were sent from Sydney with success, and it looked as if there was every prospect of a permanent trade being established. But directly the price of stock in the local markets went up the Frozen Meat Company could find few shippers. There has always been a small export from Sydney, but never any considerable development ; while New Zealand, which came later into the field, has year by year pushed ahead, until in 1891 its export fell little short of 2,000,000 carcasses. Probably New Zealand would still have been left a practical monopoly of the market if the present low price of wool and lower prices of stock had not begun to pinch tho Australian squatter. Ho is now feeling that he has been allowing the grass to grow under his feet in more senses than one. Hence a sudden bustle in pastoral circles for the promotion of meat export Companies, and in New South Wales a demand for a subsidy to assist their operations. In spite of some letters from Mr. E. Laughton and others it does not seem likely that South Aus tralia will enter the field of meat ex portation for the present upon a very large scale at any rate. Probably the more prudent policy for the general body of our pastoralists is to wait and profit by the experience of their neighbours. The need for the disposal of surplus stock is much greater in New South Wales and Queensland, and opera tions can be carried on from those colonies on a larger scale. But their result will be watched with great interest in Adelaide, and the prospects of the trade are worth some consideration. The first question that naturally arises is whether the export of meat is proposed as a solution of a temporary difficulty or as a permanent source of revenue. It is only on the latter basis that it can hope to thrive. The principal reason for the success of New Zealand as compared with the failure of New South Wales in the trade up till now is that the New Zea Ianders were content to keep up a regular supply, taking the bad markets with the good, and irrespective of the local value of stock, whereas the Sydney squatters crowded the market with large ship ments when their local prices were low, and starved it whdn they thought they could do a little better nearer home. Another mistake to be avoided is that of allowing selfish shippers to send inferior quality. In this con nection an English telegram which we publish to-day in reference to another industry is suggestive. Some exporters of New Zealand cheese, it affirms, have been tempting a complete failure of their chances in the markets of the old country by sending to them an adulterated article. New Zealand meat, however, lias now obtained a reputation for itself, whilst Australia has to establish a standard of quality. It is noteworthy that the British consumer gives a preference, averaging nearly a penny a pound, to New Zealand crossbred mutton over the Merino. Without hoping to educate the British householder up to a taste for the latter, it is reasonable to expect that a standard can be established for Australian mutton at a considerably better price than for Argentine. There are no more en couraging figures for Australian stock owners than those which chronicle an im port of over a million carcasses a year ii.to Great Britain from the River Plate. Nor can it reasonably be doubted that there is room for all the meat that can be sent from these shores at a price. It is a question of enabling the classes who now never eat meat to have it on their tables once a week, and those who at present can only afford it on Sundays to have it on one week day as well, and so on. And it is here that one of the chief trials of the shipper occurs. He must be content to gradually make his market, perhaps to endui-e occasional losses, and certainly to take a very low piofit until the area of meat consumption has been increased. One of the most significant circumstances in the history of the New Zealand trade is the speed with which any unusual cheapness in the price of the meat has cured itself by producing increased consumption. But if the shipper is called upon for patience and perseverance in opening up the trade, he may well demand that the various middlemen through whose hands the meat passes before it reaches the con sumer should abate their demands. The total cost of handling New Zealand mutton from delivery at the freezing works to ultimate sale is now quoted at l|d. per lb., and there is no reason why the charges in connection with Australian meat should not be brought at least a halfpenny below that. At the commencement of the New Zealand trade these charges amounted to as much as 2£d. per lb., whereas already the Queensland Meat Export and Agency Company have entered into a contiact with a London shipping firm for the con veyance of mutton at }Jd. per lb., with £d. to be .added for London charges. This shows what can be done where a rogular supply can be depended upon, and that Australian stockholders have a great advantage in opening up the trade over the conditions under which their New Zealand brethren com menced their operations. Bjat whilst continuous pressure and the encourage ment of competition are required to reduce the charges of the several patties who handle the meat between the time it is slaughtered and that of its retail sale the pastoralists will find they have a heavy task on their hands if they attempt to open retail establishments in Great Britain for the sale of their meat. Tho notion that the retailer enjoys the cream of the trade has evidently got a strong hold of the pastoral mind, but that it is not warranted by facts is clearly shown in an interesting article in the Australasian Fastoralists1 Review, setting forth the comparative profits of a London butcher on New Zealand mutton as com pared with Scotch. It is in larger hands that the profit sticks, and the difficulty of controlling from this end retail shops at the other side of the world fighting against the combined forces of the existing trade would be enormous. Nor need the selling of Australian meat as English trouble our shippers, though they might well have an eye kept upon the selling of Plate meat as Australian. As regards tho proposed subsidy, if rlie stockowners like to tax themselves for their common benefit the rest of the public can have no objection, but subsidies, as has been often said, have a queer knack of getting into the wrong pockets, and we believe it would be far better for the trade to take tho ordinary chances of commerce and fight its way upon its own merits. There has been a large store of expe rience acquired by New Zealand shippers by which Australia can profit, and with -t little patience and length of view on the part of the squatters we believe they have every chance of adding largely to their incomes before long. What with artesian wells and irrigation the production of sheep can be enormously increased if the market can be found for their carcasses. Probably the slight check from which the pastoral industry is now suffering will in the end prove most advantageous for them and for the community. It is sincerely to be hoped that it will not in the mean time bring success to the demand for the artificial stimulus of a stock tax. It is surely better to encourage stock to come here than, by checking their introduction, run the risk of driving into other hands a frozen meat trade which might be developed at some of our own ports. A stock tax will increase the price of stock, and the higher that price in the local market the less is the chance for successfully exporting meat for com petition in the world's markets. The Queensland Sepaeation' Move ment. — Lord Knutsford gave to the deputation of Queensland Separationists who waited upon him on Friday practi cally the same reply with which lie met a similar body who interviewed him in 1890. The position he takes is characteristically diplomatic. It rests, however, upon a sound basis, and represcnta a wise policy affecting the relationships between the mother country and her dependen cies. It is in effect that the Im perial Government do not consider it right or expedient that they should interfere in disputed questions be tween the people of any colony until there is something like a con census of local opinion to guide them. Tho necessary condition has not appa rently been supplied by the leader of the Separationists. That important post was occupied for a considerable period by the late Mr. Macrossan, but since his death the most prominent man amongst his party has been Mr. Archer, who al ternates with Sir J. F. Garrick as oc cupant of tho Agent - General's Offico in London, according to the political com bination who may happen to be in tho ascendant in Queensland. Compared with the time when the Separation ists sang a specially composed march at their meetings, the separation movement in the colony had lagged a good deal until its recent revival, and this fact doubtless had its due effect upon the representations of Friday's depu tation. The difficulties of Mr. Archer's task were also increased by the resumption of the importation of coloured labourers for the northern sugar plantations. Chief amongst tho early promoters of the separation movement were the planters, to whom the cessa tion of kanaka immigration had brought serious loss. Sir Samuel Griffith, therefore, by carrying his Coloured Labour Bill, doubtless caused disaffection amongst some of the most powerful Separationists. The prin cipal grievance left for Mr. Archer was that of over-centralization. One great argument of his party — an argument whose force is generally admitted— is that Queensland is too large and has loo many conflicting interests, to be governed from Brisbane. The special claim was that the more distinctively tropical part of the territory should be partitioned off from the sub-tropical, and that two independent States should be established. Another suggestion was that part of the Northern Territory of South Australia should be included in the northern division, whilst more thorough - paced SeparationUts still demanded that the Queensland people should be immediately ruled by three different sets of responsible Parlia ments, with a fourth in early prospect. Just at the time when the agitation was at its fiercest about eighteen months ago Sir Samuel Griffith created another diplo matic diversion amongst the agitators by proposing the scheme of which Lord Knutsford has now spoken favourably. Sir Samuel's proposal primarily provided a medium between centralization and separation. Instead of creating two, or three, or four distinct Governments, each irresponsible to the other, he suggested the establishment of three provincial States, to be called the Southern, the Central, and the Northern. Each of these territories was to have its own Lieutenant-Governor ani its Legislature of one or two Chambers according to its fancy, and in each was to be vested abso lute power over local concerns, except that in levying Customs duties it musb not break the rule of tariff uniformity throughout Queensknd. Questions of wider range were to be reserved for a Central Executive having jurisdiction over the whole of the colony until tho establishment of Australian federation, when its functions would be assumed by the larger body. With tho Executiva would be connected a Federal Legis lature chosen by the three provinces. In fact the scheme waB virtually a modification of the old system of pro vincial Governments which Sir Georgo Grey established in New Zealand, anil which formed tho basis of the pre sent Canadian systen\ The plan did not work well -in New Zealand, and there was not any guarantee that it would do better in Queensland. One of its dangers is the tendency towards over-legislation which it en courages. When every 150,000 people have an independent interest in two Houses of Parliament with two political parties and a Governor, and one-third interest in a larger Parliament and a Governor-General, it will be time to enquire -whether Australian Govern mental institutions are not being over done. However, the choice indicated by Lord Knutsford for the Queensland people is evidently thus far one between the present condition and that proposed by Sir Samuel Griffith, and their chief hope now is that somo new impetus towards federation may make it soon possible for an Austra lian Federal Government to deal with the required division of territory. That body would bo much better able to treat the matter effectively in the first instance than the Imperial Government would, considering the local conflict of opinion and the comparative absence of local knowledge amongst the authorities of Downing- street. Viceregal. — To-day His Excellency tbe Governor, with Iris Aide-de-Camp and Privatsa Secretary, will return to tbo city to Government! House. 'The Countess of Kintoro remains ab Marble Hill for a few days longer. The GovEiiNon of New Zealand.— The Earl and Countess of Glasgow will probably arrive in Adelaido by the R.M.S. Austral on Tuesday, May 17, and they will be the guests o£ His Excellency tlie Governor and Lady Kintoro for a few d^ys. We understand thab it is likely that on Itffty 18 a dance will be given at Government House in their honour. The English Mail.— Tho P. & 0\. B.8.' Massilia arrived at Albany at 11.40 p.m. on Saturday. The Bhokes Hill Water Supply.— The Railway Commissioners have begun the supply of water to Broken Hill from Button's Lagoon, and when tho Hill authorities require train loads they will communicate with tho local Superintendent, who will immediately arrange for the traffic On Friday 18,000 gallons wero conveyed to tbe Hill. The School Boaiid Elections. — The Inspector-General of Schools (Mr. J. A. Hartley) bas received information to tho effect that Messrs. G. D. Noswortby (11), S. Taverner (11 and J. Riddoek (0) have been elected members of the School Board of Advice for the District of Lucindale. Unstamped Newspapeiis. — On Saturday morning 188 unstamped newspapers for the city and C!)3 or tbo country were received at tho General Post-Office from the other colonies, and tbe whole of thorn were sur charged. Retobted Death op Emin Pasha.— Out London telegrams announce that it is reported that Emin Pasha, who was seized with small pox on his way to the coast from Equatorial Africa in connection with a Gorman expedi tion, is dead. Edward Sohnitzler, iaysZZajctt's Annual, was born on March 28, 18-10, in Oppeln, Silesia. He was educated at tbe Neisse Gymnasium, and at tbe medical schools of Breslau and Berlin, where he graduated in 180 J. He subsequently acquired tho mastery of several European and Asiatio languages. About 1805 he sot out for Turkey, where ho fill in with Hakki Pasha, whom he acsom panicd on official journeys through Armonia, Syria, and Arabia. In 1SG8 ho took up his residence at Scutari, and secured the closo friendship of Ismail, tbe Govornor. On the disgrace of tho latter Emin accompanied him in his exile to Trebizond. Ismail was restored to favour, and Emin shared his good fortune/ It was protably under the influenco of Ismail, orfbis widow, whom Emin inarriod, that he became a convert from Judaism to Mohammed anism. In 1875 he returned home, only to etay, however, for a few months ; for in 1876 we find him acting as surgeon in the Egyptian army as Dr. Emin Effendi, and in that capa city he was ordered to Khartoum. In 1878,' when General Gordon was Governor of the Soudan, Emin was appointed Governor of tha Equatorial Province of Egypt. In lSSli ha appealed for help. In consequenco of this appeal a relief expedition, under Stanley, was sent out in January, 1887, and suoceedod in reaching him. Emin, however, preferred to remain in tbe land of his choice. Tho patron's medal of the Royal Geographical Society waB awarded to Emin (June, 1890), and was received on his behalf by Dr. Felkin. The Warooka.— Operations are still beiny carried on at the sunljetVit&amer; Warooka with tbe object of getting the vessel on an even keel. Divers were at work during Sun day making prepara ions for tho effort whteh will bo made in a few days to raise the vessel. The Oeota Collision.— Our London tele grams state that the Oroya has been free! from responsibility for tho collision with a Danish Bchooner in tho Channel on New Year's Day. According to tho Times tho Danish schooner Fylla, of Rudkjobing, Captain Jensen, was run down by the Orient Lina steamer Oroya, Captain Lavington, between Folkestone and Dover at G.20 p.m. on New Year's Day. Tho Fylla had a crew of six, all told, and was bound from Morris Haven, with over 200 tons of coal, for Lannion, France. Tho vessel foundered immediately, and Captain Jensen was drowned. The Oroya left Gravesend on Friday, at 1 p.m., for Plymouth to embark pas sengers for Naples and Australia. Mr. Pos gate, Channel pilot, was on board, but tha Oroya had passed out from the outward com pulsory pilotage district. She was proceeding at a high rate of speed, and had passed several vessels. When the accident occurred she was steering with two other vessels in close proximity to the Fylla. In avoid ing these vessels the Oroya fouled tha Danish schooner. The weather was fine. The Fylla was on the starboard tack on a free wind, and the crew were below at supper. The Oroya struck the Fylla a slanting blow about midihips, and crushed her in, the hold im mediately filling with water. Tho topmasft rigging of the schooner its she heeled over was caught in the flukes of the Oroya's anchors, anJ thus kept tho wreck afloat for a few seconds,' while Peter Paterson, her mate, and the four! teamen managed to scramble on board th« Oroya over the steamer's bows. Captain Jensen was thrown overboard. His voice was heard after the schooner sank, and every effort was. made to rescue him, but he could not be found*1 He left a widow and five children. Immedi ately after the accident a subscription was made on board tho Oroya and £29 was raised [or the shipwrecked seamen. One of the latter was hurt by a fall in climbing on board th - steamer. The Oroya saw no lights on the Fylla. The Woodside Mines.— A Company was formed in South Australia some years baok to mine certain lands at Eukaby. They did bo without success. A Company was then formed in London called ' Tho Great Eukaby Silver Fields, South Australia, Limited,' to purchase the Bird-in-Hand, Tho Ridge, and the Extended Mines, situated at Wood side. Having been successful in their purchase Captain Craze was sent out from London to manage the amalgamation. He put tho machinery, &c;, in good working order. Everything at tho mines was pro gressing satisfactorily, when a London creditor applied to the English Court for the com pulsory winding up of the Company. The application was postponed for a short while but) subsequently granted, and the Official Receiver of Companies in London has cabled to Mr. T. Gepp, of Adelaide, who has been acting as solicitor for the Company, to ' realize all property forthwith at discretion.' Before the property of the Company is sold several preliminarymatters, principally connected with the leases, have to be attended to. The pro perty will be advertised for sale in duo course. Cutting Down Trej« tn Nobtii Ade laide.— Mr. G. Biokle, tho contractor for cutting down the gumtrees in Brougham* place, has shown us a section of a branch of one of the trees ho has cut down. This log of timber, while apparently on the outside quite sound, has been half eaten away with grubs about threo incheslong. Some branches are, we are told, even worse than the one we hij-ve beon shown. In fast, some several inches in diameter were so eaten away that they would not bear the weight of a man. Mr. Bickle has left a log at this office. The Adelaide Hos.M.'t.— A most enjoy-, able entertainment was given at the Adelaide Hospit.il on Saturday afternoon by tho Archer Blreet Orchestral Band under the leadership of Mr. F. J. Pash. Various selections were ren dered by the band. Dr. Mead and Mr. J. Le Cornu sang and Miss Medlyn contributed a pianoforte selection. Tho concert was well attended by the patients and nurses, and the mus:o chosen for the afternoon was of a lively character. This concert is the first of its kiud given at the Hospital, and it seemed to be greatly appreciated by tho patients. Mr. S. Marshall kindly lent a piano for tho occa«ioD. Metal Mahkets.— The Smelting Company at the Dry Creek Smelting Works have received the following cable advice from their London agent3, dated May G:— 'Standard silver, 3s. 3{ Jd. per oz.; soft Spanish lead, £10 7s. per ton.' ' Thh Marriage of Elinor.'— From Mr. W. C. Rigby we have received ' The Marriage of Elinor,' by Mrs. Oliphant, onoof the latest volumes as yet issued in connection with Mac millan's colonial library series. We can con fidently recommend it as fully maintaining the reputation of the authoress as the writer of some of the most interesting stories of modern times. The marriage which gives the title to the book was the reverse of a happy one, but its unhappiness had the advantage of being rt the bottom of the often complicated, hore and there highly dramatic, and always interesting situations upon which the attractiveness of the tale depends. Football. — On Saturday afternoon in favourable weather the football season of 1892 was inaugurated by premiership matches being played on the Adelaide and Kensington Ovals. On the former ground Port Adelaido put up a score of 5 goals G behinda- against the Medindies' 3 goals 2 behinds. South Adelaide met Adelaide at Kensington, and secured a ridiculously easy victory, kicking 2L goal.' 18 behinds to nil. Early Closing of Butchers' Shops.— On Saturday evening the master butchers who are affiliated with the Master Butchers' Association closed their estab lishments at 9 o'clock. This was 'n accordance with the agreement entered into between the Master Butohera' Association and tho Journeymen Butchers' Union, which pro vides that lYom the beginning of May to tho end of October in each year the working hours of the journeymen butchers on Saturday shall be fifteen, from (5 a.m. to 9 p.m., with certain periods for meals. ScrrosED Suicide. — On Sunday evening about 6 o'clock a man named Duncan MacNicol, about forty-fivo years of age, and formerly the landlord of the Provincial Hotel, was found lying dead on his bed in a room of a lodging-house— 149, Hindley-Btreet— kept by Solomon Josephs. There was a bullet wound in the right temple, and a six-chambered revolver was found beside the corpse. Tho bullet bad passed right through the head and penetrated the wall of the room. Strange to say no one heard the report of the weapon, perhaps becauae the door of the chamber was closed. It appears that MacNicoJ, who had been absent from Adelaide, returned recently and on Saturday asked for a bed at the boarding- house. Two mates who shared the room left him rather unwell at about 3 o'clock on Sunday afternoon. He had been drinking heavily for some days apparently, and was recovering from a fit of delirium tremens. Josephs only entered into possession of the premises three days ago. By ft curious coincidence there have been three suicides in the same neighbourhood in houses newly occupied. An inquest will ba held to day. Destruction* of Trees in North Adelaide. —At the close of the usual service at the Brougham-place Congregational Church a meeting was called by the Rev. F. Hastings in order to ascertain whether it was the wish of the Church and congregation that the treas in the triangle on the north side and in front of the Church should bo cut down, A large number of people remained in Response to the invitation of the minister. The officers of the Church and several members spoke very emphatically in opposition. No one was in favour of the destruction, and a resolution was unanimously and enthusiastically passed asking th'e pastor and Dr. Campbell to do their best to represent to the City Council the opposition of bo many North Adelaide residents to the destruction of the trees. Tub Democbatic Club.— On Sunday even ing Mr. W. H. Popo gave an address at the Democratic Club entitled 'The New Ethic, or the Brotherhood of Man.' There was a large attendance. Mr. Pope highly eulogized the noble men and women who in She past had directed their efforts to make the world better than they found it, but a great deal more required to b6'do!je, and this would be effected by the new ethic— the brotherhood of man— for which they were gTcatly indebted to tho Churches and the religious world generally. The lecturer dwelt at length on the want of integrity too often found in commercial circles, but this he feared arose from tho present system of competition. At any rate, with all shortcomings, the speediest remedy for the evils under which they suffered was for all to lead a more Christlike life ; in fact, to do the best to realizo the brotherhood of man. The lecture was listened to with attention, and was followed by a long discussion. Jury Feks.— Mr. R. E. O'Connor, Minister for Justice (says the Sydney Morning Herald), has initiated another departure in the direction of remunerating Jurymen. Hitherto it has been the practice not to pay Coroners' Juries except when they sit in cases of murder, man slaughter, and arson. Aftermature considera tion the Minister has determined to recom mend the payment of fees to all Coroner's Juries at the same rates of payment now authorized to be made to Jurymen attending a Supreme Court, a Circuit Court, or m Court of Quarter Sessions. Adelaide Children's Hospital.— The monthly meeting of the Board of Management was held on May 5, when the President (His Honor the Chief Justice} occupied the chair. There were also present Mesdamea F. D. Beaoh, A. Campbell, L. Glyde, A. T. Magarey, and F. Wright, Sir John Colton, K.C.M.G., Hon. Dr. Campbell, M.L.C., Drs. Curtis, Lendon, and Wigg, and Messrs. W. Isbister, L. P. Lawrence, C. S. Leader, A. T. Magarey, and H. Mildred. The financial statement read by the Hon. Treasurer (Mr. Mildred) showed —Receipts, £206 7s. 5d.; expenditure, £233 lg. J)d. Dr. Laura Fowler, Resident Medical Officer, reported the state of the house as follows :— Admitted, 25 ; discharged, 27 ; pre sent number of in-patients, 3-1 ; average for the month, 38'6 ; deaths, 2; causes of death, tubercular meningitis and febris enterica. The Secretary (Mr. W. Howchin) reported 278 attendances pt the outdoor dispensary, includ ing 85 new cases. Satisfaction was expressed at the way in which the Children's Hospital Sunday was responded to by the Sunday schools of the colony, the amount received from thia source to date having totalled £174 10b. lOd. An entertainment was given the inmates on April 28 by Mr. A. H. Roberts, assisted by a juvenile company. A list of gifts was read and gratefully acknowledged, and the usual monthly accounts passed for payment— Housekeeping and wages, £87 17s. 7d.; general accounts, £96 3s. 9d. Silver Coivagb.— Mr. Channing on Maroh 25 in the House of Commons asked the Chancellor of the Exchequer whether his attention had been called to the serious incon venience arising from the small number of shillings in proportion to florins and half crowns now in circulation, and to the universal dislike of double florins and crown pieces ; and whether he would direct a larger proportion of shillings to be issued in future, and limit the supply of double florins and crown pieces to the wants of coin collectors. The Chancellor of the Exchequer said that while the Govern ment could limit the amount of coins issued they could not inorease the amount) the public would take. It was the great exchange authorities— the bankers first and the trades men—who could gel from the Bank any amount of silver they wanted of whatever denomination. At this moment there were three and a half millions of shilling coins in the Bank of England, which the public could have if they would only apply for it through the bankers and traders. The tot?l amount of half-crowns and florins issued during the last two years was four and a half millions, while the issue of shillings had been eight and a half millions, eo that the disproportion as not so great as the hon. gentleman assumed in his question. No more double florins would be issued, and it was the intention of the Govern ment to Buspend their issue altogether. With regard to crown pieces, he could not admit that they were universally disliked. n the contrary, in many parts of the country they were desired, and were asked for at the Bank for use in large wage-paying districts. Lord Robert? on the Value ok Artil lery. — The Commander-in-Cbief in India made a most excellent and practical speech to the officers, non- commissioned officers, and men of tho Royal Artillery at the recent Artil lery Practice Camp, near Delhi (says tho Broad Arrov). In conclusion he said :— 'What all majors of horse and field artillery should aim at is to have their horses in good working order and their men so skilled in shooting that, on coming into action after a long and hard marsh, the enemy's range could be found with but little difficulty or delay, and once found a deadly fire of shrapnel could be poured upon whatever part of the position the general in command might direct. The infantry portion of the' force would thus be enabled to advance in comparative safety to the attack, or, if the guna belonged to the horse artillery, the cavalry to which they were attached would have the advantage of delivering their charges against broken squadrons, and unmolested by the enemy's guns. I am afraid you will think I have made you a very long speech, but the subject we are considering is one about which I am deeply interested. The British Army is so small, and the duties devolving on it are so extensive and onerous, that I am anxious to see every branch of the service raised to the highest pitch of ehiciency. In war big battalions are noi everything— much depends on the leading of the otricers— much on the fighting instincts and preliminary training of the men. In former campaigns British troops have been distinguished for their courage, their tenacity of purpose, and their skill in the use of their arms. If these qualities can be maintained and developed, and each regiment in Her Majesty's army— and not leasi the Royal Regiment to which you and I have tho honour to belong — is determined to uphold its reputa tion as a fighting unit, we may reasonably hope to emulate in the future the glorious tradi tions of the past.' PnosrniDE of Copper. — None of the com binations of copper and phosphorus hitherto noted is crystallized. In pursuing the study of a phosphide obtained by Sir Frederick Abel, M. Besson (says La Genie Civil of February G) has been able to prepare a new compound, and to obtain it in definite crystals. Taking up the phosphide of copper prepared by Sir Frederick Abel, tho French savant shows that the com position varies according to the duration of heating in the phosphorus vapour. He caused the phosphorus vapour to act on the product, and at the end of several hours it began to risate ; then its sur ace became covered with branchlike figures ; and, finally, fairly definite crystals were formed in the shape of hexagonal prisms. These crystals, wbicb attain a length of from three to four millimetres, are of a steel grey colour, very brilliant, hard, and brittle. Their composition responds to the formula Cu=P. ILL-TREATMHXT OP ORPHANS.— The Rev. Samuel (Jtorge Cotton, Manager of the Carogh Orphanage, County Kildare, was, at Belfast Assizes (says the Standard of March 25), charged on four indictments with having cruelly ill-treated and neglected, or caused to be ill-treated and neglected, five children, in a manner likely to cause them unnecessary suffering and injury to health. The Solicitor General for Ireland opened for the Crown. The accused, he eaid, was founder of the Carogh Institution, which was not, ^strictly speaking, an orphanage, as the prisoner pro minently 6et forth in hla appeals to the chari table and the benevolent that the reception of illegitimate children was the special feature of the institution. It would be proved that the five children mentioned in the indictments bad been found in a truly deplorable state of starvation and filth. The usual dinner for twenty-two children had been half a sheep's head made into soup. One little, girl was a living skeleton, while the toes of another were rotting off piecemeal. The Rsv. John Watson, Rector of Moy, County Armagh, examined, said that, by arrangement with the accused, he placed five orphan childron, named Burnett, under his care. Hearing unsatisfactory ac counts he visited the place with two Inspec tors of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children. They were unable to gain admission to the institution by the gate, but got through a hole in the hedge. They found the place in a wretched oondition. In spector Dowsett, of the Dublin Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children; Dr. McVeigh, Medical Officer of that Society; MisaKuight, Matron of tho Adelaide Hospital, Dublin ; Dr. Bewley, and others, deposed to the filthy condition of the childreu, and their starved, neglected appearance, and the trial was adjourned. The Late Executioner in' England.— We all know the most ardent apostle in the work of temperance is the reformed drunkard, eo it is not without precedent that the publio exe cutioner, the man licensed to take the Iive3 of State forfeits, should enter on a crusade against capital punishment. This James Berry, the late legal instrument for carrying out the sentence of death, is about to do. Berry has resigned his gruesome office in con Eequence of the recent order authorizing the medical officers of Her Majesty's prisons to decide on the length of drop required for a condemned prisoner. He has served under four Home Secretaries, Sir R. Cross, Sir Wil liam Harcourt, Mr. Childera, and Mr. Mat thews. But all- important as his duties were they were not 'official.' He was merely recognised as the public executioner, and as such engaged by the several High Sheriffs aa occasion served. According to an English exchange his tale of operations numbers 134, and his engagements cancelled by reprieves as many more. He had no regular salar , but was paid £10 a 'neck' and £5 for cancelled order*. There were also allowances for railway fare, and board and lodging in tho prison. But Berry declares that the reason for his retire ment is not to be found in the interference o! the Home Office with his mode of operations, but in the fact that he has always in theory been opposed to capital punishment, a theory confirmed by his terrible experiences. He is satisfied that in many instances persons have been executed who were not responsible foi their actions, while others have been reprieved on tho ground of insanity or sympathy who richly deserved hanging. He corroborate* this statement with the evidence of officir!?. Then he believes that penal servitude to the hardened criminal is more dreaded than death, and he follows up this assertion also by cases in point. Sympathy, however, seems to have had a cood deal to do with Berry's resignation, the sad parting* on the eve of tho gallows having made a lasting impression on his humanity. He has begun a lecturing tour in favour of his theory as agaiiut his former practice, and will set petitions agoing for sig natures. America has already offered him a guarantee of $145,000 for twenty lectures, and he is also about to issue his ex periences in a book. While following his ghastly occupation he used a ' viBiting' card, about 2\ in. long by \\\ broad, written in bis own handwriting, 'James Berry, Public Executioner.' One would hardly envy thia functionary his dreams. Persecution.— At Worship-street (accord ing to a recent number of the Times) Thomas Wild, of Maidstone-street, Bethnal Green, appeared to a summons charging him with cruelly ill-treating a child, his son, aged about eight yearn. Mr. Phillips, solicitor, conducted the prosecution on behalf of a Society for tho protection of children ; the defendant was not defended. The boy in question was brought into Court in charge of a person said to be an officer of the Society, and it was stated, in the course of the evidence, that the Society had taken possession of the boy as he was returning from the Board school which he attended. They had tried tooapturehim on a previous day, but he bit and kicked so that the men let him go. He had a bandage round his head iu Court, and stated that bis head had been injured by his father striking him with a boot, and on a subsequent day hitting him on the same part of the s\ull with a stick. The father, when asked if he wished to put any questions to the boy, suggested that ho had been tutored by the Society whilst in their keeping to say what he had said. He elicited from the boy that he had beaten him for steal ing money, and that on the sooond oocasion he had torn tho window-blind. The boy also admitted that his father did not hit him whilst holding the stick, but threw it at him as the boy ran from the room, and it caused the fresh wound, which his father afterwards battled. Medical evidence showed that tho wounds had been neglected. The defendant was desjribsd by the witnesses as a sober, hard-working man. Ho said that he was a widower, left with five children, and that he bad brought them up for three years as well as he could, and he added, bitterly, 'Let these people' (the prosecuting Society) 'do what they like now.' Mr. Phillips said his Society had had to caution the defendant about his children before, and it was only by favour he was not prosecuted. Defendant— Favour ! I don't know what you mean by favour. They got me out of my situation, and left my children to starve. I worked, sir, at Truman & Hanbury'a brewery for nine yeara. A man came to me there one day, and said he had been to see my children, and that ho was an officer. I was a Volunteer then, and I didn't knew what he meant, and I said,' 'You don't look much like one,' and laughed at him. Then he told me he was not to be treated so by such as me, and like enough I sworo at the man. Well, he goes to the head one iu the office — I suppose they uphold the Society— and I get a fort night's notice, after working there nine years. Mr. Rose— Then you are not at work there now? How long is that ago? Defendant — Two years, I suppose. That is the ' favour' he did me, and he said if he could have found anything the matter with my children he would have got mo six months. Mr. Rose Where d?d you work last? Defendant— At McNamara's, driving a po3t o(!i-M van. I had to ' book on' at-1 o'clock evury morning, and never left the yard till half- past 8 at night. Mr. Rose— How did you come to lose that ? Defendant— 1 don't know, but perhaps that man sitting there in charge of my boy can tell. He came there and put in a good word for me. Mr. Rose— Don't you know why you were discharged? Defendant —They said because I was late one morning. But I had to see to the children as best I could. I've gone home at my breakfast or dinner hour and taken them to school in my mail-cart. The defendant added that he had had no work for three weeks past, and could not feed the children now. Mr. Rose said that the prose cution must feel the difficulty of the case, to which Mr. Phillips assented. It was wrong to chastise a child with a boot or to throw a stick at it, and no doubt the secret of the matter was that the defendant did not govern his temper. He did not, however, think he was called on to send the man to prison, and, per haps, this case would be a caution to him. He bound him over in a surety of £10 to bo of good behaviour for sk months. Military Ballooning.— 'Easiest thing in the world military ballooning. You go Up, just look about you, and then come down again with valuable information for head-quarters.' Some such form as this would (says the Daily Neics) probably express the notions of the un instructed outsider, but these are not the notions of Lieutenant H. B. Jones, R.E., who has devoted special study to this subject. First there is the uneasy feeling akin to sea sickneES which affects tho amateur aeronaut in all but still weather; then there is the difficulty of keeping a field-glass on a particular object, alwayB remembering that it is necessary in these daya to keep a couple of miles away from the enemy. Difficulties of this preliminary kind sur mounted there is the tendency of the whole landscape to look, as the balloon rises, like one flat plain, eo that what is hidden from Eight and what is exposed to the view of one on the ground is hard to determine. Then the military balloonist must have a trained eye for numbers ; also for the various consti tuents of a force. Experienced observers looking down from a car easily mistake a company for a battalion, or even transport wagons for field gunB. Besides this, the military balloonist must be an expert aeronaut, because it is often expedient in windy weather to send up only one man in order to give the balloon greater buoyancy to rise through the wind. A Broken Heart.— It is a matter of dispute among medical men (says the Sunday Times) as to whether intense grief or disappointment can literally break one's heart. Dr. Mitchell, in his work upon diseases of the heart, sup ports the popular theory, and narrates the following case to prove that the torm 'broken heart' is medically accurate. In the early period of his life Dr. Mitchell accompanied as surgeon a liner that sailed from Liverpool. The captain frequently conversed with him respecting a lady who had promised to become his bride on his return from that voyage. On this subject he evinced great warmth of feeling, and showed Dr. Mitchell some costly jewels and ornaments which he intended as bridal presents. On reaching his. destination he was abruptly informed that the lady had married lome one else. Instantly the captain was observed to clap hia hand to his breast and fall to the ground. He was taken up and conveyed to his cabin on board the vessel. Dr. Mitchell was immediately summoned, but before he reached the poor captain death had ensued. A post-mortem examination was held, but when his heart was opened it was found literally torn in twain. The tremendous propulsion of blood consequent upon such a violent nervous shock forced the jjjwerful muscle tissues asunder, and life was at an end. The heart was broken. Quarry Accident.— At the Blythwood metal quarry at Blackwood on Friday mom ing a roan named George Creek, of West Mitcham, who was working at the top of the quarry, by some means slipped and fell to the bottom. He was picked up by some fellow workmen and taken home. Dr. Gault, who was called in, ordered the man's removal to the Adelaide Hospital, where he was on Sunday night reported to be doing fairly well. The Rainfall. — The following is the rain fall for the twenty-four hours ending May 7, 9 a.m.— Port Lincoln, 0 045; Kingston, 0 020; Beachport, 0*0G0: iCape Northumber land, 0-040; Mount Gambier, 0*012. ANNIVEHSARIE8.— This evening there are to be held the annual tea and publio meeting in connection with the Clayton Church and a tea and entertainment at St. Luke's School room. S.A. Band of Hope Union Commtition.— A preliminary competition is to be held in the Baptist Lecture Hall, Robert street, Hind marsh, this evening. A.N.A.— At the meeting at Beach's Rooms this evening the Hon. J. H. Gordon, M.L.C., is to lecture on 'The Limits of State Inter ference.' Lectcrr— Mr. G. Newman, B.A., is an nounced to lecture before the Medindie Young Men's Society this evening on 'Ethology' at the Medindie Congregational Lecture Hall. Adelaide akd Suburban Football Asso ciation.— A special general meeting is to be held to-night at the Exchange Hotel. 