^he €gntrib^tor- INDIA AND AUSTRALIA. [By the Hon. Alfred Dbaetk, late Chief Secretary of Victoria.] Who would comprehend the interest which India. should have for Australia must first understand the interest which it has for the rest of the world. This is unique, and in exhaustible, and of many phases. The first place in the traveller's curiosity is usually occupied by the external aspects of modern native life, and some architectural remains, which, attest the power, opulence, and artistic taste of one or two epochs, in as striking a manner as even Egyptian ruins, or those later and more exquisite fragments which exhibit— The glory that was Greece And the grandeur that was Bome. But there is much besides, vaster, more profound, and more pregnant in appeal to the thoughtful. The aspects of Nature are varied and magnificent, embracing every kind and class of spectacle, from soils -fat with the recuperative fertility of inundations, to desert wastes of scorching, dun-colored sand ; from cosy, homely nooks of fruitful village fields, to sterile, rocky peaks, and fathomless depths of inaccessible gorges; from over populated, ever cultivated river flats, sparsely settled plateaux, and savage-haunted jungles, to craggy wastes, untenanted save by a lonely herdsman, fierce refugee, or sad but casted elan. Indeed the beauties of.' many climes and countries are scattered profusely throughout this mighty peninsula, limb-like rooted in its socket, so near the neart of Asia, and so magnificently mountain jointed. Less grand, less inspiring, but_as variojts, and more intimately interesting to most tourists are the multitudinous branches of the human family whom it maintains in one or other of its regions, offering an infinite wealth of illustration and suggestion to the anthro pologist, historian, philanthropist, and to all seekers amid the -embers of lie past for the far off origins of race, language, and religion. Then there is that great political marvel— the British raj — little more stable than in the days of Olive, though immensely expanded and more highly organised. If the Eurasians, or half-breeds, aH present a despised and in significant body, coald transfuse the Cau casian capacity for self-government into a new native caste, or cany into European families a sufficient strain of Hindu blood to render them climate proof and capable of permanent resi dence, there would be a brighter outlook for the future. As it is, the gulf between the two peoples is deepening, if not widening ; and the glacier-like advance of the forces of the White Czar has brought them at last within hail of the gates of India. Another interest should be the irrigation system— bold, comprehensive, and original —by which millions are fed, a monu ment to the sagacity, ability, and mag nanimity of British rulers. This until now all visitors have carelessly passed by. The writer was the first civilian unconnected with the Government) who had ever taken the pains to visit the Sirbind Canal and other im portant works, which should be the admira tion of thousands. Railways of equal and even greater size, and of equal if not superior efficiency, we can see elsewhere, but there is not a canal system in the world to compare with that of India. Yet even to the people who created this system it is as if it were not, 'as if it could not be, as if it had not been,' so little do Anglo-Indians Jmow about it. When the reproach of ignorance and in difference shall have been removed, critics will undoubtedly award this achievement of British engineers its fitting place in the scale of their interest and attentaoD. The most glowing panegyric is Miiller's — 'If I were to look over the whole world to find oud the country most richly endowed with all the wealth, power, and beauty that nature can bestow — in some parts a very paradise on earth — I should point to India. If I were asked under what sky the human mind has most fully developed some of its choicest gifts, has most deeply pondered on the greatest problems of life, and has fourd solutions of some of them which well deserve the attention even of those who have studied Plato and Kant, I should point to India. And if I were to ask myself from what literature we in Europe, we who have been nurtured almost exclusively on the thoughts of Greeks and Romans, and of one Semitic race, the Jewish, may draw that corrective which is most wanted in order to make pur inner life more perfect, more comprehensive, more universal, in fact more truly human. . . . again I should point to India.' In this brilliant passage the learned professor has certainly not understated the case, and has carefnlly chosen his comparisons. There is nothing in India, even in a rudimentary way, that can be held to vie with the wealth of Italy in sculpture, painting, poetry, or indeed in any art except that of architecture. Even in this the masterpieces are few ? are not the high expression of a harmonious culture, such as belonged to Greece and Greece alone, nor are they to be measured as a whole with the complex and changeful Gothic; but they are in the front rank of their own style, almost its solitary exemplars, and offer a small group of edifices of imperishable beauty, one of which, in its perfectness of unity and grace, surpasses everything that has come down to us complete from she wreck of time. These and the literature, through which are scattered ? gems of poetry, pearls of philosophy, and many flickering rays from a dimmer lamp of religions, truth, compose a priceless heritage, winning for the race and place from which they sprang immortal wreaths of unconquerable fame. . '^ The fame and fortunes of England are's taked to-day upon the control of this, peninsula. While India is kept intact, the British Empire remains a power of the first rank. If India falls under a foreign yoke, the prestige and influence of the nation fall with it, never to rise again, unless, indeed, the balance be re dressed by the growth and cohesion of colonies which have become commonwealths, dominions, and federations, by whose might and influence the globe will be ringed and girdled from .sea to sea. Meanwhile, within the country, problems multiply apaoe— problems which go to the root of national and political life, and exhibit in full play the seminal principles upon which our whole social order is founded. The limits of authority and rights of oitizens, the sway of conscientious despotism and demands of a colored democracy, the strength of hydra headed superstitions, tenacity of customs which are barbarous and unwholesome in their operation, capacity for moral and intellectual progress of many mixed peoples, the possi bility of a working relationship between the advanced East and the advanced West, the applicability of European civilisation to Asia^ and the solution of the great difficulties attien- : ding an unrestricted multiplication of the species, all face us in India, where far aught we know the/Armageddon of the 20th century may be fought, or from whose decay ing altars the fire to kindle its ushering conflagrations in other lands may be - brought. 'Out of the East light'— possibly in the shape of lightning, to discern the depths ' over which, and the rocks among whioh, the modern spirib is drifting. All things are yet possible in Ibis Strange land. Any birth is conceivable from the spiritual marriage between the Anglo-Saxon and the Hindu, which is now being consummated. Their strife has brought out the best and worst in both natures ; their union, may do thesame. They must profoundly modify each other, but the extent to which, their mutual influence will operate, ' or the miracles it will work, defy prediotion. Between India and Australia there must always be many links and associations. The irrigation systems of India will be of perennial interest to all hydraulic engineers, and espe cially to those on this side of the line. The southern colonies of Australia are certain to be always in favor with officials on fur lough in search of health, or those who have retired and seek a home in a temperate climate, free from the tropic heat of their field of labor or the snows of their place of birth. Australians and Anglo-Indians are therefore bound to be close acquaintances. Intimacy between the two countries will doubtless be established in coarse of time. They are part of one empire, and thus linked to one destiny, but those relations which are likely to develop earliest, and be of most immediate import ance, . may be grouped at once under two heads, trade and invasion, peace and war. Both depend upon the maintenance of British supremacy in India and the exclusion of any European rival. Under British domination free trade obtains, and her ports are open to all our products. Duties upon her products in Australia are mainly for revenue purposes, and in Victoria that upon tea has recently been swept away. There is no fiscal impediment therefore to a closer union of the two countries, and one would suppose, from the difference in age, climate, population, and economic condi tions, . commercial intercourse would be likely to prove of mutual benefit). So far this does net appear to have been the case. The irrigated fields of India, are not likely to nicrt ase its exports to Australia. In 1889 Vic toria took 24,390 owt. of wheat from Bombay, but our chief purchases are rice, bags, tea, jute, castor oil, yams, coffee, with pepper, spices, and tapioca from Further India and the Malay Peninsula. Rice and jute are prac tically the only products of . watered fields which we consume, and neither appears to promise a sufficient return to justify its culti vation here where climatic conditions would permit. Our exports to India are even less valuable and less agricultural; gold, specie, and horses completing the list. In 1889 we bought £375, COO and sold £120,000 worth of goods. Out of this the horse trade alone is of any value to the country districts. Consider ing our nearness to India, and the fact that our chief European mail lines touch at Ceylon, the fact that - our trade amounts to less than £800,000 annually is rather remarkable. It would be unreasonable to anticipate that we should be able to compete in Bombay with English manufactures, but it does appear ex traordinary that we do not take advantage of our seasons to send orchard and other products just across the line. Mr. D. Wilson, the able and indefatigable dairy expert, entrusted me with three tins of factory butter which passed through the tropics in my cabin, and were tested in Ceylon about one month, in Lahore and Calcutta about two months after my departure. The first tin was opened by Mr. Ferguson, editor of the Ceylon Observer, whose verdict was that the sample was equal to Danish or Nonaandy; that he Had seldom tasted better, and that it might be taken for fresh. The second was stated by the editor of the Civil and Military Gazette to be excellent, 'quite up to the standard of tinned. Danish butter.'' The third tin was noticf d to be palpably defective before being openc d — a circumstance that need occasion no surprise since it had been subject to very harsh treatment during a railway journey of over 3,000 miles in addition to its sea voyage. Mr. Blecbynden, the secretary of the Agricul tural and Horticultural Society of India, whose head-quarters are in Calcutta, opened it before his- committee and found the contents quite spoiled. The remains were afterwards made into capital ' GhL' This native substitute is really butter boiled and clarified in a liquid state ; it is solely employed by the Hindus for all pur poses, and largely by Europeans in cookery. It keeps well, but is too tallowy in taste for the palates of white men. When made from buffalo milk it is richer in cream and stronger in flavor than if from the cow. At least one attempt was made in Victoria to produce 'Ghi ' for export to India, but the experi ment was not attended with success. - For one thing the caste difficulty has to be surmounted, for though the average Hindu will cheerfully sell to his brethren a compound defiled by the introduction of beef fat he will nob peril his own salvation by eating it, and the mere fact that butter has bees made by European bands is enough of itself to absolutely prohibit it to the pious. Ghi'fetches from 9d. to Is. a lb., but owing to caste prejudices and the difficulty of hitting the native taste this enormous market ia probably closed to Australian enter prise. Anglo-Indians alone consume butter, and it is to supply their tables that the dairy farmers of the colonies might well devote some atten tion. It is true that the European population is small, but it can. afford to pay for a- good article, and my own experience indicates that tiie climatic conditions are by no means uncon querable. Good Danish butter kept in ice, and invariably used in tent life, sometimes fetches 3s. lb. in the interior in summer, when a native butter can be bad for Is. Calcutta, Bombay, ' and Madras are badly supplied with a local product at all seasons, the better quality being usually found up country, and the best, curiously enough, at Karachi. There should always be a good but limited market in these capitals for the best quality butter, carried in refrigerating chambers and sold at a high price. There should be a large market for a fair butter of even grade if once our purchasers could obtain an entrance into the Commissariat Depart ment, and supply the large quantities needed for the troops. In this direction there is dis- ' tinctly a most promising opportunity. The export might be supplemented to some extent by supplies of milk — always thin and poor in India — for if the concentrated milk, now growing in favor, could be transmitted with sufficient frequency in cool chambers it would be heartily welcomed by well-to-do whites. There appears to be some prospect of obtaining custom from the army also, as Brigade-Surgeon Hamilton and other medical authorities have strongly condemned the pre sent system of barrack victualling. A ' milk and butter supply' branch of the commissariat has been suggested, the medical officer named having estimated that the cost to the State of enteric fever cases, many of which are attri buted to infected milk and butter, in the three regiments stationed at Lucknow, has amounted in five years to £30,000. The price paid for hospital milk by contract with the natives is 5d. per quart), and though no doubt any project for supplying concentrated milk in quantity to India implies an immense advance on our pre sent methods of preserving and transmitting it, the demand is worth keeping in mind. The fact that the great centres of white popu lation are practically on the seaboard must be taken into account in all these matters. With cool storage provided in them it should be easy to initiate a business in fruit and vegetables. It is probable that the prices paid for good table vegetables in the hot season would more than make up the cost of transit. The potatoes obtainable seem specially poor. Enghsh fruits are everywhere stale ana taste less, and though they are beginning to begrown under the Himalayas, in the Kulu valley, and the Kangra district, there is no extensive local production. Peaches and similar fruits thrive at Peshawur, and the Panjab derives a certain .supply from the north, but the coasts and the south would doubtless greedily receive a small, steady and first class supply, as luxuries. Bacon, ham, and prsserved meats might be almost a monopoly for Australia. The i army requirements alone should demand a i constant output. Chilled meat for the tables 1 of white residents ought to command high '.rates, as its flavor would far. surpass any thing at present obtainable even in winter. In fine the wants of the white population in dairy produce, fruit, fresh and preserved meats, oould be met most readily from this country, and though the trade would have narrow limits ought to prove remunerative to our farmers and their agents. Considering that we are but a fortnight distant, and that the j country lies on our main steamship routes, it is ' somewhat surprising that our exchange is so . backward. We need their tea, coffee, rice, and jute, and can reborn from farms and orchards, as well as from mines and stations, what our kinsmen want. The native population we are scarcely likely to attract, but there is a great business to be done with them if their caste taboo was once set aside. The future of Northern A-nbralia is alleged to depend upon colored agricultural labor, and if this be the case it is certain that the cheapest relays oould be obtained from India. The diifi culty hitherto has been the stringency of the j conditions imposed by the Indian Govern ment, and its insistence upon the periodical re turn of its immigrants, in whioh respects it exactly complies with colonial requirements. I If Asiatic labor is indispensable, the Hindu has ! his recommendations, especially if strictly i limited in his absences from home, as indeed he i invariably demands to be. Ii not the equal of 1 the Chinese in enterprise, or versatility, some ! of his races are their superiors in intellect and ! in wax. The general nature or final eonse 1 quences of intercourse between the great : peninsula and the newest of continents are too I remote even for speculation, though the proba \- bility is that trade relations will draw us closer ! year by year, that trade being to the advan 'Sage of both parties, until, if not after, our ' tropical territories, and future island depen dencies, are well developed. I ; ' In time of war the provisioning of troops L should occasion a large and sudden demand for horses and supplies generally, though in such a crisis the thoughts of Australians are certain to be absorbed in the conflict and its issue, rather than in the commercial opportunities that may offer. The situation would ^ ?? I-*-* s- rr n r^T V\s& H P ' ' ? certainly be^wy«rioos if it were possible f of to Russians to oosnpy tfee country, and find at last the opening seaward* for which ttieir great empire lias so long been seeking. With India' as a base of operations for a hostile power this continent would be directly threatened, and thongh it may be doubted if we shall be strong enough when the inevitable straggle comes to lend any efficient aid in repelling a Muscovite attack, it would assuredly be im mensely to our interest, not only as Britons, but as Australians, to see that assault repelled. It is probable that the first attack will fail, and certainly the country is to-day much better fitted to receive and sustain the shock than it was a few years ago. ' The frontier is better known and defined. The hill tribes are more friendly, railway communica tion is all bat completed, and the army itself in finer fighting trim. There are, of course, as there always will be; reforms to be effected and preparations to be made, but it seems dear that there has been a great advance during the past decade, and that the Russians who have fought their way with splendid persistency to the heart of Asia, and whose troops are now exploring the Pamir table land to the north of Kashmir, in order to find a road southward, will find a warm wel come when they arrive. This is not the place to deacant upon mili tary problems, but it is plain that the struggle is not far off. The motley crowd thab throng the bazaars of Peshawur and Lahore, con tains groups who come from the Russian borders. Turkestan, or Independent Tar tary, is disappearing from the map, and the rival white races will probably be face to face before long near the sources of the Amoor. The Hindus will probably be true to the British flag, and will resist anything bat disaster. How they will face European troops when themselves led by Europeans remains to be seen, but Jba the first days of the Mutiny, before they were cowed, they certainly fought with desperate bravery. They are ill-fitted to play a losing hazard, and are peculiarly sub ject to sudden panic, begotten by superstition as much as fear ; but certain of their tribes are daring, resolute, and ferocious, and on these the main reliance must be placed. The pliancy, fluidity, and patient persistency of the average Hindu, which enable him to resist innovation, and to assert himself, in a passive way, generation after gene ration, so as to keep him true, under all his obsequiousness and subserviency, to his national traits, beliefs, and customs, . are not martial virtues, and are of. no service in the field. The brunt of the battle will be borne by Eritifch regiments, inspired by -traditions of the deeds of the Mutiny, which remain, and are likely to remain, among the heroic pages in the glorious, chronicle of the race. We should not have known w.bat innate capacity for dating, enduring, and governing existed in the stock if it had never struck root uvJndia ; and now that it has survived so many storms, and sealed its title with so much blood and treasure, the prize is not likely to be easily surrendered. Carlyle says — ' Consider now, if they asked us, will you give up your Indian Empire or your ^Shakespeare, you English t Never have had any Indian Empire, or never have had any Shakespeare ! Really, it were- a grave ques tion.' And concludes : — ' Indian Empire will go, at any rate, some day, but this Shakespeare does not go, he lasts for ever with us ; we can not give 'up our Shakespeare.' Very trae, though the 'someday' which this rather de spairing passage foresees has not yet arrived and may be long arriving. Granting that, measuring odds and circumstances, it seems im possible for the Briton to keep his bold for another century upon this tropic empire and ? its hordes of half civilised peoples, it must still be remembered that it- has always seemed equally impossible, and that its little garrison bas surmounted crisis after crisis and peril . after peril. The miracle of valor and statecraft by which it has been subdued may be repeated and prolonged by the same agencies— by new troops of resolute and gallant spirits sprung frotn the old race. It is, at ail events, a critical issue for our young communities which, in their pride of descent, and haughtiness of national feeling, seem apt to forget that they have made their homes neither in Europp nor America, but in Austral- Asia — Southern Asia —and that their fortunes may by this means be linked in the closest manner, in trade and in strife, in peace and in war, with the great con tinent near to us, whose richest and most mag nificent promontory rests to-day under the shadow of the same flag. It is infinitely jjleaaanfcer, no doubt, to ignore future possibilities of this kind, shut the eyes to signs and omens of the times, and preach peace where there ia nowhere peace; but is it reasonable to pass by the great' changes in locomotion by- sea and land, which are bringing us nearer and nearer to the Old World, with its feuds and armed forces, its greed of territory and insatiable ambitions ? In another quarter of a -century the map of Asia, as well as of Europe, may be changed, and unless faced by a federated Australia, which, though democratic and pacific, would be prepared to resist aggression and to maintain its flag, the belligerents may. find our protect ing stretch of ocean bridgeaWe and our people unarmed or unorganised. To prepare for such a contingency is not to dread it, but is to render it incapable of occasioning: dread. It is not to question the naval supremacy of the mother country or its readiness to come to our aid, but is to recognise the responsi bility of every virile people to protect itself, if it were only to maintain its self-respect. Such prospects, and such a policy, are not popular in the ordinary sense of the term. The average elector and his representative alike prefer to discuss matters nearer home, more local, more parochial, promising early profit, presenting means and ends more closely re lated, and in which there is a smaller element of chance and narrower opening for prophecy. It seems better even to sport with the Amaryllis of irrigation and with the tangles of State socialism rather than look so far ahead and travel so far afield. And yet such issues must have their place in our prevision, for in the event of the great catastrophe occurring the local interests which we hold so dear, and the industrial democracy which it is our first aim to preserve, might perish in a common wreck. It is in the interests of home that we should look abroad, and in the interests of peace that we should be prepared for war. It should count for something in our mental development that in this youngest part of the world we are actually within hail of the oldest portions, and that almost within the shadow of its most absolute military despotism our nation should be building up ultra democracies of the most industrial and pacific type. Cynics may profess to discern a likeness between them, or at least a kinship, but between what institutions or practices of humanity is there not some propinquity ? Does noit every affirmative include its negative? What is there that exists which can give itself airs of exclusiveness, or proclaim with hauteur its separateness from the universe of which it forms a part ? That intellectual give and take which is a stimulus to thought every where should be especially quick and prolific between Australasia, or Southern Asia, and its northern continent. We are near enough to readily visit India, and be visited. Its students might come to the universities of our milder climate, instead of facing the winters of Oxford, Paris, or Heidelberg ; our thinkers may yet become authorities upon questions which need personal acquaintance with that country and its peoples. We may perhaps even hint, without undue self ap probation, that our own course of evolution having been found worthy of study by eminent Europeans, there may be something for Brah manic criticism even under the Southern Cross. But it would be as idle to dwell upon fore casts of this order as it is foolish to discard them altogether. Until it be demonstrated that there is some reason why the nearest great country to us should be tabooed, its people, its products, and its destiny ignored, and all the flowing- tides of its spiritual life and teaching excluded from those far reaching currents which set to us past it shores, and influence us across the whole circumference of our planet, we may hold it to be inevitable, as well as natural, that one of the first outward going movements of our expansive Australian' life will bring us into contact and then into communion with India. The fascination that it exercises upon our kindred will possibly be deepened for us, for the differences between our conditions and those of the East remain even greater than theirs. Until- we cease to feel the pulse beat of human thought, and to move in accordance with the mental and moral unfolding of the race, we cannot refuse the attraction which the ansient wisdom of the Aryans exercises upon all reflective and intuitional persons ; until we have, ceased to feel the last faint touch of patriotism towards the islands in the Atlantic from which our fathers came, we cannot listen unthrilled and unfired to the story of the heroism by which this superb dominion was won and has been held in defiance of all adverse fortunes; until the last spark of romance has faded from materialised breasts, given over to the gospel of greed and selfish ness, we must be moved by the marvellous panorama which history has unrolled across th ? Himalayan snows, and along the valleys of then* mighty rivers. Beethoven's march in the Ruins of Athens suggests in sound just suoh barbario splendor, fiary impetuosity, martial pomp, and rhythmic sweep of tribal move ment, as are displayed in its romantic tale of invasion, conquest), and revolt, the stirring awl recurring cadence echoing in the ear long after throb of drum and clang of cymbal, incoming and outgoing like a tide, have grandly and gradually died away. It is truly a land of wonders and wild ex tremes, such as are depicted in the ' Arabian Nights'— a country of contrasts and contradic tions, of splendor and poverty, profusion and barrenness, vicissitude and i venture, volup tousness and mortification of the flesh. The fires of a tropic sun kindle as well as wither, and the cup of life, recklessly filled to the brim of sensuous delectation, has been drained to its dregs of bitterness nowhere more deeply than in Hindu shades. Nowhere \--? (MAS *: f has. the ascefe by protracted abstfV aenoes, ghastly penanct^ and frenzied self mutilations sought more ruthlessly to wring -- light and leading from his own ft^Sering. No. ' where doss the abundance of life is earth, air, and water more amaze tbe sense and' oppress the judgment; nowhere stagger millicmB of human beings under heavier burdens, some of the heaviest self imposed. Nowhere is lifer more evidently the offspring and prophecy of death, for the land is marked with ruins as the sky with stars, and the very villages are build upon the sites of scores of others, melted to dust under the feet — fallen one after another like beads upon the rosary of time. By the hoary and weary age of India now stands toe eager youth of these southern lands, beholding, as if in a magic mirror, its rapidly passing throng of peoples, kingdoms, dynasties, and creeds, that have succeeded, and are Btill succeeding, each other in an apparently endless chain. There is a matter for meditation here. To-day Aus tralia is full of hope, as Asia of despair Racially, socially, politically, and industrially far asunder as the poles, their geographical situation, bringing them face to face, may yet bring them hand to hand and mind to mind. They have much to teach each other. 