NOTES FROM THE MUSEUM. The following is the progress report prepared for the Museum authorities on the insects collected by Mr. R. Helms, Naturalist to the Elder Exploring Expedition in Central Aus tralia from Miy to October, 1891: "S.A. Museum, Adelaide, January, 1892. Towards the end of November, 1891, was re ceived the first consignment of insects collected during the progress of the Elder Exploring Expedition in Central Australia ; these were placed in myhandBfor sorting and mounting as required. From labels attached to single specimens or batches with locality, date, and a few other remarks by the collector, every specimen has been labelled and localised as far as possible. The collection comprises about 950 specimens, comprising some 258 species of all orders, viz. Species. -609 Coleoptera (beetles), about 115 68 Lepidoptera (moths), about 31 95 Orthoptera (cockroaches, locusts, &c.;). about 34 C Neuroptera (Aiitlions, &c;), about 3 G5 Hymenoptera (wasps, bees, ants), about... 35 68 Hemiptera Heteroptera (bugs), about ... 17 10 Hemiptera Homopteia(cicades or hoppers), about 6 22 Diptera (flies), about 19 " Some few species are represented by nume rous specimens, but by far the larger number only by one or a few, say, some two or three on an average, hence duplicates of only A limited number will be available for distri bution to other museums. Prom the oolleotor's notes it appears that these specimens were collected at various localities from May to October, inclusive, some being represented by only a few insects, while a few places yielded larger numbers, as will be apparent from the following schedule, the names being arranged alphabetically for convenience sake Arco-eillina, May 2 Barrier Badges, July, August ... ... 18 Barrow Bange, August 10 Camp 10, June 3 Cavenagh, July 2 Cootinurina, June 16 Everard B&sge;, May 22 Fraser Bange, October 82 Mount IllbUlte, June 1 Mount Sir Thomas, July 1 Mount Squires, August 51 Nilpena, May (?) 1 Upper Arkarlnga Creek, May ... ... t Victoria Desert, September 28 Victoria Springs, September 6 Wilpena, May 11 Unlocallzed, May-June H3 "Many of the insects oolleoted will pro bably prove to be new to scienoe, thus, for example, the two only specimens of Pbanerop teridae among them appear to be new, and I have' named them provisionally Dietyota Eldersi and Taeniomena Frasena. On the other hand there are some whioh are not rare or are actually common in the Adelaide dis tricts, viz., Gigadema noctis (?), Promeoo deruB concolar, Rhantus (?) pulverulentus, Amarygmua polyohlorus, Pnoraoantha semi punctata, MenippuB elegans (beetles), Pielus up. (males only), Agrotis suffusa, Dasypodia selenophora (moths); Lissopimpla decemno tata, Mutilla sp. (wasps); Myctis eymbolica, the Soldier's Bug; Polyzosteria Mitohelli, Feriplaneta Australasiae, P. marginalia (cockroaches), and Cyrtacanthacris exaota, a large locust, &o.; The complete working-up of the insects will take a considerable time owing to the very limited number of specialists available and the amouDt of special literature required. The beetles have been taken in charge by the Rev. Thomas Blackburn, B.A., and I will en deavour to work the orthoptera, while the re mainder await assignment to other workers. "The species collected indicate very con clusively the barren character of the regions passed over by the Expedition, and the paucity of aquatic and subaquatic insects would suggest at once the scarcity of rivulets, &o.;, and the comparative absence of moist soil, even if one knew nothing of the regions they came from. Considering the desert oharacter of the land, the unusually dry season, and probably limited opportunities of the collector, the result of his work may be pronounced pretty fair. Insects, unlike higher animals, have not only definite and usually short seasons for their appearance in the imago or perfect state, but their abundance is subject to much variation in successive years, while many are very local in habit. Hence a collector is never sure of meeting what he is sent for in the desired abundance; sometimes be will not find it at all, even in known localities, and' much less can he command success in unexplored ones. "Since the above was written a further con signment has arrived, but has not been mounted or classified yet. "J. G. O. TEPPEB, Museum Entomologist/ SAD EFFECTS OF EXTREME POVEBTT.-At the Harlesden Petty Sessions, England^ on February 11, Emily SaviUe, a married woman, was charged on remand with attempting to murder her three children-Elizabeth, aged seven; Lilian, aged two ; and William, aged three months-by administering laudanum to them on February 1. She.was farther charged with attempting to commit snioide at the same time and plaoe. Dr. John Northmore Wbitlock, of Kensal-place, said be wae called to the Limes at 10 p.m. on February 1, and found the prisoner and three children all showing the symptoms of opium-poisoning. He administered emetics, andr the two eldest children soon recovered. The mother, whose - condition w&a; muoh more serious, was at last brought round. The baby was nnoonsoioos, and for over fifteen hours its life was in danger. Hannah Brandan, sister of the prisoner, said that after the doctor bad left the prisoner scud, " We are in such difficulties, and 1 think if the children and I were not here he (meaning her husband) would be able to pay the debts, and perhaps he would then be happy." The witness had taken the prisoner, her husband, and children in, and found them a shelter, because they were so very poor. During the tuae they had lived in witness's house the husband had only earned 1B. 6d. That was for nine days' work. This poverty had caused her sister to be very down hearted. The prisoner was committed for trial at the Central Criminal Court, MABI.VX BOABD ADMIKISTBATION.-On Tues day afternoon the Government steamer Governor Musgrave left Port Adelaide to com plete the work of overhauling the buoys, &a;, in Spencer's Gulf. The Althorpes, Wallaroo, and Franklin Harbour will be. visited, and the steamer is expected to be absent about fourteen days. CldSb «mwEj4qKHS^'V^^J)skLBBS ACT. -TbedWborotyrwhlcbiwae mSp ft.month or I more ago ft derail cirttesAhat th&.Liceneed Vic tuallers 4.ct5s.f&ulty; inreBpe<?t,tQclubs is being , graduallyioohfihiied. oIt was ipjrpposed. by the Actpassedflfcetyeartojputdown the sale, of, Jiqnbra"B6:4oi(ClubB.-.B» jreason..why, clabp could'iot'be*tta<Sked formerly i yas, that the. property.belonged to#yera individual member; and theraooulabe no BsJe,because)he_ coiud not purchase what be already .-owned; the barman-dr trustee had only * apeoial, -interest. That' -was dtpided in several Englishcases. Whether' thisi was .applicable to , lncpr porated'-clubs is still doubtfuj, but in England" it ? has ? been., decided that javen the fact that a dub.Kas formed into a Company .did pot .render the transfer of liquor to meibUers "ftir money a eale Within the meanM*irithiB Act. The' Act1 of last year in endeavburini to j>rev6nt liquor being trans ferred'to'th^bto'on.'itojTOent. did not say straight out 'thktany' euch transfer would be considered Wfale Withinthe meaning of the Licensed Victualled Act of 1880, but simply stated that the provisions of the' principal Act relating to the "sale'' of liquor should and apply to the "'sale*'-of liquors in any club house, provided it goes on to say in effect the club has a certain constitution. The conten tion which will in all probability be shortly brought before the notice of the Law Courts is that whether a club has that constitution or not there is nothing to bring the transaction between the barman and members, including passing of money, within the definition of " sale" in the principal Act. With regard to the refusal of the Licensing Bench to grant licences to certain , clubs, it is understood that an unsuc cessful application has been made, for a man damus to compel the Bench to issue them. The right of mandamus rather lies to'the «xercise "of jurisdiction than discretion in a, certain' way, and the' Licensing Bench in refusing licences to clubs'were invested with a measure 'of-discretionary power. The Deuts cher 'Verein proposes to teat the efficacy of the Act by continuing to supply the. members ;with. liquors.' The polioe have two courses of proce dure. Eithfcr- theycan oonfiseateljquor exposed forsale.and if the confiscation is confirmed by a, MagiBcratethere is no appeal; or they pan Jay an information from the decision, under which therfe<3anbean appeal ta the Supreme Court. Tocarajethe polioe to take the latter course very little liquor may be kept on the premises, so-that-it snail not beoome worth while to resort to confiscation.' Another interesting' point in connection with clubs and the supply of liquors is that the police have stopped the practice of furnishing them to members at picnics. It has beeb a custom ill -some; oases for members to cany dub liquors When engaged in a day's outing, but the; cuBtom is no longer permitted. The Crown' Solicitor, acting on-instructions, will take proceed ings in a few days against unlicensed Wubs inwhich intoxicating liquor is sold. A 'licence! for the Mannum Club wasrefused by th'o'Behph, and a number of the residents are; preparing a' peti tion' to the Governor asking him-to direct that a poll should be taken on the question of having another licensed'house in the town. The PUBLIC SERVICE SDPBRANNDATION FCND.-Ita 'response to their, .areolar' issued to Civil servants asking them to .state' whether they were - favourable or.:othe^ise" .t6,,'the establishment of a Superannuation Tuna on the lmes af the Teachers' Fund, the executive of the Public Service Association have up to date ieceived'1,'168 replies, of which only 151 are in !the-negative. Many;of ihe officers (vho are opposed to the fupd are old servants, who are Entitledto compensation under the Act of 1874.- - The statistics show that in the Legisla ture 8 will support the proposed fund; Survey Department, 60; works and buildings, 18; military, ll; education, 11; Treasury, 11; post and telegraph, 339; waterworks, 47; public supply, 15; Customs and marine, 131; taxation, 16; hospital, 21; police, 31; desti tute poor, 18; printing, 44; State children, 9; audit, 16; Chief Secretary, 4; agriculture, 1; Attorney-General, 48; Crown Lands, 29; Engineer-in-Chief, 6; School of Mines, l; and railway, 119. The negative list is made up of the following votes:-Hospital Department, 24; printing, 31; State children, 4; audit, 3; Attorney-General, 18; Crown lands, 4; rail way, 22; survey, 2; and post and telegraph, 43\. A large number of replies have still to be received, but the figures given represent the exact state of the poll at present. ANOTHER BIRTH.-At the Zoological Gar dens, on Saturday, March 26, the wife of Leo Felis, Esquire, of Carnivora House, of a daughter; both doing well. In respect to the above announcement of a birth, which took place as stated, it is painful to have to mention that the lioness, the mother of the new addi tion to the Zoolotricbl Gardens, refuses to recognise her offspring, and consequently the services of a foster-mother, in the character of a carriage- dog, have been secured at a mode rate salary, the substitute only requiring food and lodging. It is common for accommodating representatives of the canine persuasion to be called in at the Zoo as wetnurses, and they turn out remarkably well as foster-mothers. The hyena oubs and leopard hopefuls have often been indebted to the humble friend of man for sustenance and training, another argu ment in favour of the usefulness of the dog as a member of the animal kingdom. LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION.-A combined meeting of the Duke of York and Jonadab Lodges took place in the Oddfellows' Hall, Port Adelaide, on Friday evening, March 25, to welcome Brother McKenzie, of New South Wales,' who iB a Past Grand Treasurer and a member'bf the Exeoutive Council.. .The Bight WorshipM. Gtand Master (Brother; H. J. Pudney)1;took the chair, .and the Grand Treakirer 'and'Lecture Master (Brother'J. M. Lartberttaxxrapied the-Deputy's chair. Many brethren Srom Adelaide And Broken Hill were alsopr^nt; including Brother Mudge (Grand Chaplain),; Brother Dixon {Grand Deputy Master},' - and Brother Bamber (Grand Secre ? tary ).1 - The: Lodges were opened in due form, «nd the business of the evening- was conducted in a vejfy oreditable manner. A hearty.-vote of thanks fwas tendered to -the' distinguished -visitor; 'whwiespohded in a lengthy, address, stronglyiirging thefederation of the'Orange Institution*'of - Australia. _r Votes of thanks werepasied to the other visitingbretbren, and the Lbdg'er-wasolosed'indue form. Light re freshments were tbeta partaken of, after which the following brethren contributed selections of music ?:-Worshipful Grand Master H. J. Pudney,' Worshipful Master J. E. Webb, Worshipful Muter- F. - Darmody, Grand Deputy J. Dixon, Worshipful Secretary J. Ashwood, Worshipful Secretary F. Thomp son, and others. The meeting was closed by singing a Terse of "God Save the Queen." MINISTERING CHILDREN'S LEAGUE. - On Tuesday afternoon, at the Victoria Hall, the Earl and Countess of Meath were aooorded a hearty welcome to Adelaide by the members of the Ministering Children's League. The Lieutenant-Governor (Hon. S. J. Way), who presided, alluded in appreciative terms to Lady Meath's efforts on behalf of the children. A resolution of welcome was carried on the motion of Bishop Eennion, seconded by the Rev. Dr. Paton. and was replied to by Lord and Lady Meath. , 1 who- was medial ..officer and ' phpwp^dh'er in the Elder\Expe'ditionj ' retuitigd ^,to Adelaide from Western Australia -{to Tria&y.;' The doitorwaa pneof theofficera Wh'ppeiljfned after,Mr. !David Lindsay had led ttte'<&$e9i tiqn froip FraMrJ&pge.;^ He intend^dtoCome on ,to;8outfi Australia with the other, 'm'ein.bera w fco' res igned,. &&$ 'he. yraa. 'dMainaa lf!re m^tteaMEerttidnpnvatebiwin6te and on account of ulpess.''. Like the other officers/he ^u^^tmTEltanohtofihe G^griphlcal Society the "rpasona' thai) induced 'him ' tt>, resign hfs appointjn&tin; the expedition, and until be has made a statement'to that body the. doctor prefers to remain silent'Tes^ectipg the expedi tion. When his business in this oity is con cluded Dr. Elliott will probably return to Vic toria or go to Queensland. Professor Tate reports thatl .the botanical collec tion . made by 'Mr.' R.' Helms . during the travels of the Elder Exploring Expedition is of the highest'scientific value, not only froai its magnitude, estimated at 1,01)0 species, but from the intelligent selection of the material, which supplies in many instances supplemen tal specific characteristics. Baron f\ Von Mueller bears testimony to this in a letter to Professor Tate, in which, after recording his satisfaction that the specimens were being sorted by the Professor, with Mr. Hdms's assistance, he says:-" Pray re member me kindly to Mr. Helms, and express to him my admiration of so much work done under so adverse circumstances. . . When you meet Sir Thomas congratulate him that his expedition brought so much material to enrich biology in various of its branches." We understand that the collection will admit of many complete sets for distribution' to botanio institutions, but the selection for such purpose will be a matter of many months, aa Professor Tate, working alone, cannot give that continuous attention which is necessary to permit an early completion of his labours. OCEAN-DOCK SCHEME.-Several .proposals to construct an ocean dock to afford facilities for the more expeditious transhipment of' mails, passengers, and goods from the.ocean Bteamers off Largs Bay hare been brought under the notice of capitalists both in London and in Ade laide. At present a: gentleman is in London pushing forward a soneme which has for its ultimate object the construction of an ocean doolc near Light's Passage. This idea is the outcome of a resolution of the House of. As sembly introduced by the Hon. J.,L. Parsons on September 10, 1690. Carrying out the decision of the House the Government offered the foreshore and reserve near Light's Passage to a'1 Syndicate, giving them until August 31, [ 1892, to close with the offer, subjeofc of course to the approval of Parliament. . Private landholders on Lefevre's Peninsula also agrped to So the same. Sir John Ooode, while on a visit to South Australia, inspected the site, and selected it-as a good, position for.a dook.. A Syndicate' was formed to place the undertaking i before English capitalists, the members of it beiAg the Hons. J. H. Angas,M.L.C., G, O. Hawker, "M.P., J. Martin,. M.L.O.,and Messrs. W. R, Cave, iA. L. Harrold, I). 'Slurray, J. M. Anderson, A. G. Downer, 0. Drew, Baxter and 'Saddler. .G. P. Doolette, W. and H. Bickford, G. E. Fulton, O. H. Goode. W. J. Magaray, G. and E. Millar,. £3, Newland, T. K. Stubbins, A. Watorhouse,.and and O: Willoox. The officers of the Syndicate fere-Chairman, Mr. A.. .L. Harrold;, Trea surer, Mr. G. P. Doolette; Solicitors, .Messrs. G. and J. Downer'; Hon. Secretary, Hon. J, L. -Parsona, :M.P. The Acting .Chairman iduringthe absence of Mr. Harrold in England is the Hon. J. H. Anitas, M.L.C. The London Board consists of Sir W. F. D. Jervois, R.E., and Messrs. Leonard Harrold and Gavin Anderson. Mr. J. H. Grainger prepared plans of the work, and an estimate of the cost was also made. Assisted by these Mr. G. Bailey, of Port Adelaide, who had taken great interest in the matter, left for London by theOceanienon January 31 to explain the details of the . pro posal to London capitalists, while Mr. Harrold, who is on his way to London, will also take up the project. Our cables, however, state that Mr. Bailey has met with so little encourage ment that he is despondent of the dock soheme being carried out. Our message also states that reports are being circulated in London that Mr. R. Barr Smith is in favour of the project, but Mr. Smith tells us that this is not correct, as he is in no way oonnected with the Syndicate and has never expressed an opinion upon the proposal. ARRIVAL OP THE EABL OP MEATH.-The Earl and CounteBS of Meath arrived in Ade laide on Saturday morning by the express from Melbourne. (Jntil Monday they were the guests of Mr. W. Storrie, and afterwards stayed at Bishop's Court.' The Earl was announced to addresB the quarterly meeting of the Bishop's Home Mission Society at Christ Church Schoolroom on Monday, but he was unable to do so, as he was slightly indisposed, his medical adviser prescribing complete rest. On Monday morning the Mayor of Adelaide con ducted Lady Meath through the Town Hall Buildings. Reginald Brabazon, who Bits as a Liberal in the House of Lords as Baron Chaworth, is the twelfth Earl of Meath, and in the fifty-second year of his age. His lordship, who was educated at Eton, and who succeeded to the title in 1887, has been in the diplomatic eervioe in . Berlin and Athens; been an Alderman in the London County Counoil, and is a Privy Councillor. He married in 1868 Lady Mary Jane Maitland, only daughter of the eleventh Earl of Lauderdale, and they have a family of four sons and two daughters. The Earl ana Countess of Meath have, while visiting some of the other colonies, given valuable support to the Ministering Children's League, which was started under the director ship of her ladyship seven yearsago. The object I of the League, wnioh has spread to America i and the colonies-numbering ' 40,000 mem- I b'ers-are briefly to promote kindness amongst children and supply the necessities of the poor. BROKEN Hm AKD DISTRICT HOSPITAL. . The committee of thiB institution liave- issued a circular calllng attention to the unsatisfao ' tory state of the finianoes. They state that the hospital has for some months -been'in a'very overcrowded condition, and this is principally . on account of the fact that a very great deal of ' eieknesfr1-more especially as regards lead- 1 prevails amongst the men who work in the different mines in the locality. The townspeople _ of Broken Hill have sup ported the institution well, but- of late the expenditure has, from reasons above stated, increased so considerably that the com-' mittee have bad to arrange for an overdraft of £500 with its Bank to enable it to carry on. THE PETERSBURG WORKING MEN'S BLOCKS. -A portion of the land which the Government bought from Mr. Torr at Petersburg has been allotted. When the land, whioh was pur- , chased from Mr. Anderson, was offered very few blocks were applied for, but it was said that there would be a good demand for the blocks comprised in Mr. Torr's old holding. Seventy-nine blocks of Torr'B land were offered, but only twenty-one were taken up, the area being 110 acres. The cost of the land to the Government was £2,477 17s. Gd., and the annual rental payable on the twenty-one blocks, which vary in size from one to seven teen and a half acres, will be £39 9s, 7d. BLIND AND DEAF AND DCUB Itfkrrnmoir. Ameeting of tbd committee of this institution 26; when th^^erepreeent^-^Str Join! Cotton (President) in the chair, and: Messrs. James Sodtt, J.P. -. (Vioe-rtesident); > J; Downing, J.P.rw. Bipkfort, ?.p., B. Moc^ J.P., w: Kither, J.P., SI Ournow, J.P., and A. Spenoe, the Superintendent Air. Samuel Johnson), and the Secretary (Mr. Roffe Searcy).1 An apologyfor hon;attendance was received from Sir Edwin Smith, and Mr. G. W. Hawkes (Treasurer) jrae unable to be present through absence from town. The report of the meeting of the Ladies' Committee, held on the 21st inet,, when there were presBnt-Lady Colton, and Mesdames Kay, Kithter, and oauerbier, and Mies Colton (Acting Secretary), was read and adopted. The "report of the Superinten dent fortlie month, which was read, stated the preset number of inmates to' be forty two, viz.,ten bluid, and 'thirty-two deaf, the whole of whom were in good health, and making ] satisfactory progress in school. Members of 1 the South Australian Bicycle Club visited the institution on. March 19, and appeared much interested in the working of the establishment. It was unanimously re solved to have boot and shoe making taughbthe deaf mutes, and Mr. Thomas Corry (a deaf mute bootmaker), at present residing in Vio-'' toria, was appointed instructor. An applica tion was received from theKev. H. G. Nicbolls, of Clay ton Chapel, Norwood, for the admission as a private boarder of his son, aged ten years, deaf, recently arrived from Northampton, England, where he was attending a private school for the deaf. ( The committee approved of the . application' on the usual terms. A letter was read from Mr. Richard Vereo,' of Flinders-street, . Adelaide, one of the executors of . the late Mr. Francis Fenden, of Salisbury, informing the committee that the late Mfc . Feriden had , bequeathed, free of ? legacy'duty,' to the institution the sum of £100. The Secretary was instructed to write and thank Mr. Verco ' for the information. Re ceipts-Subscriptions and donations, £14 17s. 9d.; maintenance account, £47 10s.; Bank balance, dr., £72 4s. Id.; accounts passed for' payment. £140 17s.'; in which amount is in cluded the cost of board and lodging of five young persons (formerly inmates of this in stitutionjwho are now in the Industrial School for the Blind at North Adelaide, where they are being instructed in brush and basket making. SOUTH AUSTRALIAN COUNTRY TBADERS' ASSOCIATION.-Mr. A. D. Bruce, for eleven years a prominent resident of Yongala, has arranged, with the committee of the - above named Association to; travel through the country districts of the polony for tbe purpose and enrolling members, Hestarted on Monday, of expounding the objects of the Association Acoording .to.the Bctersbtfro Times in 1890 Mr. Bruce advooated-by circular and able oontri butionsto .the Preen-a Provincial Tracers' Association, and, assisted by.Mr. J.,S. (Corpnel (Petersburg), and Mr. A. C. Catt (Gladstone), brought; into life the Provinofal Traders' Asso ciation^ whioh he was unanimously, elected President... When the_ Cockburn Ministry was flaked to construct a directlineof railway from Adelaide to the Barrier, Mr. Brace was largely the means of the general opposition throughout the:.North.- In November, last the . traders resolved to form an Association on .broader lines, apd the initiation of the S.A.P. -Traders' 'Association was effected. Recognising the ?value of his services, Mr, Bruce was. asked by the. committee to travel and advocate the claims, of the Association, whioh. be did throughout tbe North, with marked success. Being now free from business cares Mr. Bruoe has agreed to tour the whole country in advo cacy of the Association. Previously to the last Assembly elections Mr. Bruce was asked by a large number of electors to contest the election for Frome. " ALLIES OP THE PEOPLE."-On Sunday evening Mr. J. Lawrence gave a lecture at the Democratic Club in reply to Dr. Cockburn's recent addresB on the "Allies of the People." The attendance was large. The lecturer said to some extent he was not at issue with the views expressed by the doctor, but he objected to hiB main aspersion of political economy, whioh formed the chicf feature of his address. No true democrat could agree with thedoctor'a theory of the iron rate of wages, and Mr. Lawrence quoted in defencefromthewritingaof Adam Smith, Ricardo, Ben Tillet, and others. Modern economists emphasize that the rate of wages should always be governed by the earn ings of the artisan, and as far as possible with the labourer, and concluded an able address by urging tbe necessity of becoming thoroughly acquainted with tbe laws which govern politioal economy. POET GERMEIN AND ORROROO RAILWAY COMMISSION. - The members of this Com mission who left Adelaide on Tuesday last to inspect and take evidence on the route of the proposed railway from Orroroo to Port Ger mein to connect the western country with the western system, returned to the city on Satur day. Owing no doubt to the somewhat mis leading character of the official title of the Commission a large proportion of the residents appeared to be under tne impression that tbe subjeot matter of enquiry was limited to the question of the desirability, or otherwise, of uniting Orroroo and Port Germein,in tbe iron bond of railway matrimony. The scope of the Commission is, however, much wider, and in volves the whole isBue raised by the direction to report upon the best means of affording railway facilities to the country lying between Orroroo and Spencer's Gulf. On Wednesday the party drove from Orroroo to- Port Germein, and on the following day Port Pirie was visited. They. then re turned to Orroroo and went to Petersburg. On Friday morning :an. early start was made from Petersburg to Dawson and the agricul tural districts in the hundreds of Coglm and Oavenagh to -tbe west of the main North line, evidence being taken from the residents en route. ? Towards nightfall the party Damped near tbe ruins of tbe cottage of a departed selector, -about twenty-five north-east of Dawson, in the Hundred of Cavenagh. Owing to tbe thoughtful attention of Mr., Price, of Blackrook, a supply of hay and water had been forwarded to this spot. The weather was dose, sultry, and threatening, but .though the fiky was overcast with blaok, lowering clouds the actual rainfall was neither sufficient to prove beneficial to the district nor inoon venienttotheoampereout. Themembersofthe Commission were joined during the evening by Mr. Price, who piloted them at daybreak to his residence at Blackrock, where they were hospitably entertained by him at breakfast. Thence the journey was continued by the early train on Saturday morning via Orroroo to Adelaide. At each of the towns and settle ments passed through witnesses were ex amined. Nothing will be done by the Com mission for a few days. Next week will pro bably be devoted to the hearing of the testi mony from experts. Arrangements have been made to visit Port Angusta on Friday, April 8. | THE PRICE OF SILVER.-The Smelting Com pany at the Dry Creek Smelting Works nave received _ the following cable ad vice from tbeir London agents, dated ! March 28;-'. Standard silver, 3s, 3d. peroz," BISTEESSED ; Bbssian Je'W&-We'iake thali following from tbe-Lottdon Ghroaiateid -" A-1 Ohriaitian U&yi-returned; from a Jong ; vifitto Ru&ia;,-during.'whieh shihad passed: through ? the - pale i of Jewish' settiehient,: haa : forwarded to tfcie&on.; Secretaryx>T theHuBsbr..' JewKhCommitteea vyikhlediambnd-broooh,: with the request thai it- be Midland/ the pro-., ceedsgivepto the Russo-Jewish iFund.ijBhe: d^sireathather name be abb discloked.:3?he'; donorhad&een; a witness of the iterrible: sufferings of the Jews in the pale,and was.j mpVed to this sot of benevolence 'by.a;deep.j feeling ofpity for the victims of thepersecoi J tion^/'' >?' . . ) IMPORTED Cabbiebs.-Mr.' John: Haminer.J of the KaBt-End Market, has imported..from j M." Duerinck, of St. Gilles-lez - Vermonde,. Belgium, ten magnifioent birds. All the birds haye flown from Dax to their Belgian home, i a distance of 550 miles. Eight of them i have won races from ? that . distahoe; t eight of them have bIBO - won races for j 450 miles,' seven for SCO miles, and! six for 180 miles. The/ have- oome in good ; condition, having been well taken .oare of on i board. They are red-and-blue ohequera. ? , Thb GAWLER COBPOBATION AND THE.GO VEBNMBNT.-'The claim of the Gawler Corpora tion for compensation for use of land by the Government for the Gawler pumping station, which was recently brought under the notice of the Commissioner of Public Works by depu tation, was referred to at the meeting of the Gawler Corporation on Monday evening, March 28. CouAoillor Barton proposed that all correspondence on the matter be laid, on the table, with the view of calling a public meeting of ratepayers to autho rize the Corporation to begin legal pro ceedings against the Government. Sup posing, as the law officers of tho Crown had said,' that the Corporation had asked the Government to give the town a-watec supply they did not anticipate that they would take their latid without paying for it and supply the country around with water. The Government were short of water for railway purposes, and that was the reason the waterworks were carried out. The Government ought to pay the town £500 for the land used for the pump ing station. At present the Corporation was- being made a laughing-stock- by the Government. Councillor Luoas seconded, and remarked that the olaim for £100 and interest was a very small one. The Corporation were certainly in the right, although they would have to be oareful how they proceeded. If they could not get the matter settled amicably it might be advisable for them to give the Government notice to quit. They (the Government) had no title to tne land -whatever. Councillor Burden -sup ported the motion, but counselled friendly methods. Councillor Burton, in . reply, sug gested, that .the Corporation - might. take forcible possession of the land, and throw on the Government the onus of1 beginning pro ceedings. The motionwas carried. No reply Jms yefc been received to the latest deputation to the Commissioner of Publio Works.' IMPEEIAl PERMANENT BUILDING AND IN VESTMENT SOCIETY.-Thei fifty-fourth- half yearly general meeting was held at the offices of the Society on Tuesday evening, March 29. Mr. W,, Sketheway, Chairman of Directors* presided oyer a fair attendance. The balance sheet showed the receipts to have been £6,732 lis.. 2d. . The Chairman congratulated the shareholders on the favourable nature of the balance-sheet, and pointed out that after paying a profit of 4s. per share on all shares b!X months old a balance was carried to Buspeinse account of £78 19s. 8cL, leaving that account at a credit of £755 15b. 8d., as against £091 2s. 8d. at the end of July,.1891. He also stated that a, good and, as he and his co Directors believed. safe business had been done in loans during the past six months, the Board having been in a position to pick and choose securities. The balance-sheet was adopted. The retiring Directors, Messrs. W. Sketheway and P. M. Heid, were unanimously re-elected. VICEREGAL GUESTS.-Lord Henry Thynne, who left for England by the Valetta on Wed nesday, was the guest of their Excellencies the Earl and Countess of Kintore. The Earl and Countess of Meath were unable, owing to prior arrangements, to accept the proffered hospitality at Marble Hill. "FROM ATHEISM TO CHMBTIANITY. "-Mr. Isaac Selby delivered a lecture bearing this title in the Christian Chapel, Norwood, on Tuesday evening before a crowded audience. The meeting was presided over by Mr. A. C. Rankine. Mr. Selby said he owed a duty to the religious world, and that was to apply the antidote to counteract the poison he had pre viously administered. His case, that of a con verted athiest, was not an isolated one. He cited the conversions of men from atheism who in early life had been misguided in their judgments. Ben. Franklin, Cha teaubriand, and Gilbert West were in stances. In dealing with secularism it would he necessary to define the term. One definition was-"One world at a time, and try to make the most of it." That would not satisfy him. He believed we could not rightly understand this world without belief in the existence of others or of another. Christianity unfolded to us another world, rich with rewards to those who believed in it and worked to share its elories. Christians believed in the sacrificial death of Christ, and love to him prompted them to deeds of heroism. . Mr. Selby snowed how secularism was on the wane in'New Zealand, New South Wales, and Victoria. He said that if the universe WSB governed without intellect he saw no reason why society should not be governed with out -.brains. He further dealt with the - programme of secularism, and showed that whilst secularism boasted of an original code of morals, it was all borrowed from the Won) of God. Secularism boasted of being a friend of education, of liberty, and of the working clases, but Christianity was all that, and in a superior way to its enemy. -: Christi anity met all the requirements of' the intellect and of the heart.also. It alone could oomfort monrnBre and wipe the tears from streaming eyes. It Was atwo-sidedsyBtem, working out not only the spiritual redemption, but also the eooial redemption of mankind. The lecturer answered several questions that were put to him at the close of the lecture, and afterwards was accorded a hearty vote of thanks for his instructive and eloquent address. Unehplotep PBINTEBS IN MELBOURNE. Unemployed compositors and machinists to the'number of thirty-nine assembled yesterday morning (says the Melbourne Age of March 24) for the purpose of receiving the report of the deputation to the Minister of Works. The following motion was unanimously car ried :-" That this meeting endorses the action of the conveners of the Temperance Hall meeting and tbe deputation to Mr. Graham. That Messrs. R. Gough, W. Berry, J. Sheehy, Mr. Girr, and R. Munroe possess the confidnnce of the unemployed printers of Melbourne." Several speakers protested against the conduot of Mr. BiBnnett, Secretary of the Trades Hall, refusing a room to hold their meeting. They were of opinion that the sooner the Melbourne Typographical Society cut the painter from the Trades Hall and removed their quarters to some other building the better for the oraft. The Chairman having received the names of thirty gentlemen wbo were prepared to take work from the Goverment the meeting closed. liinENSHJd CLUBS.-r-In reference tt> « ymra feraph appearing in this, paper iiagardiog .the itoeamng of fcluba,' and' bra decisionibfothfe Government to .take. legalprofceedingB -against any Unlicensed dub ftmnd.SuijplyinftJujuor to membeiis,; we^indarstanddhsSithe sselioitors to a 'Germanviinstdtutian; h&vecinformed; ,the . Attorney-General .that l thqit. alientj court litigation inorder that the! legality -of/their poaitino might be teated.'i ...bL-M;'. i.': > > A' >' Nam)i ©ia AMisLv-TherS*n Francises): papers' have'.(says! the'2 Argut'J been giving some attention! to^tHe1 case iof lAnsulyeuturer > named Madiion;. who seems tahavs.Deemmg'js: i partialityfor rionwiantiyseeking oat wiveeand.; quicklygettfap.rid of them;ibut iin * harmless way/ - Sis latest Viotam, Mra-Luoinda Dawes, i: a respeatableividow, 61 Elmira, learned, tha^i her. husb&nd;'- had recently- sfiamed another; widowy'; at -8t.Lpuis,; and irobbed And deserted her afrCleveland while, ion her .wedding trip. ,' Soon after he appeared at Klmira. JSestraightr.i way won/ the other widow's, heart, and she ] married him two' days later.'. At:hiBl instance : she then sold her effeots,.'and igaV« him the . money,as they were.about to:start for San1 Miguel,.. California,; where, ..as' he said, he i owned a fine fruit farm. Madison went oat to; buy tickets and never came back. Mrs. Dawefe'.' learned that Madison had been,in California: under the name of Anderson, and that he bad. deserted a young wife there after robbing her, besides swindling others out of £1,000. He - went to Germany, found his. wife g mother,i who lives there, and was about to iget hold of. her money when she reoeived a warning.' through a letter from her daughter. Then, he appeared in Chicago, met another confiding woman, and married her under: the pretence of owning 1,200 acres of land in Michigan., She ehared the fate of her predecessors. Since his origins! marriage in San Miguel and be-, tween that and his marriage to Mrs. Dawes, Anderson married a Danish immigrant girl at, Cherokee, Iowa. He went with-her to Omaha,, where he >robbod her of her : money Mill: deserted her. He went east, andatHobokeni met another young Danish woman. Learn-, ing that she- had considerable, money he married her. He . was ; living with her' .in Boston wnile he. was corre sponding with! Mrs. Dawes. ? While he was in correspondence' with Mrs. .-Dawes he married a widow who lived in Kansas City, gob 3260 of her money and disappeared, and Also: married a woman in Galena, I1L, whowaa treated'in like manner. His Bixth victim was Mrs.Dawes. The St. Louis widow seems to have been the only one of Anderson's dupes who set to work to bunt the fellow down. She put detectives on his track, and' he was found' in Albany in a fair way to secnre .his seventh victim in that city in the person ofa well-to-do widow.- 'He was arrested, and placed in gaol in Cleveland. Five of his wives signified their intention to appear against him when he comes to trial. His original and only legal wife obtained a divorce from him two years ago. . ? ' ; . ? LOCOMOTIVES.-An idea of the rapidity with with which engines are constructed in Eng land recently reoeived ? illustration at ithe London ' ana North- WesternLocomotive Works, at 'Crewe, where an engine was laid down and finished in twenty-five and a ball working hours. The various stages are illua trated by cuts in the EngiMer, ? the .first being1 at. '4> a.m. on February 4, when ithe' fore and aft pieoe*, ? forming . the bed, "were laid down, and at 1 p.m. the same day - the side frames were' erected and cylinders secured in positioh. - At 1 p.m. on the 6th the boiler wat-in position rwitb tender on' the bed-plate, and at' 1 p.tn. on the 6th the whole machine , was complete, ready to steam on a journey. The usual time occupied in construction was four weeks, but as a test of the capabilities of the workB the engine in question was built in twenty-five and a half working hours. TJ. A.O.D.-A new Lodge was opened at the Hampstead Hotel in connection with the South Australian United Ancient Order of Druids on Friday, March 25. The Grand President (Brother Warne) filled the chair, and was assisted in the opening ceremony by the Grand Vice-President (Brother Carr), Grand Secretary (Brother ? Gould, M.P.), Grand Treasurer (Brother Richardson), Grand Guardian (Brother Fenwick), P.G.P. Brother Cohen, M.P., P. H. Priestly, V.A. Jeffrey, Brothers Thurston, Cohen, Rose, East, And Gayard (of the Stonehenge Lodge), P.D.P. Stuart, A.P. Elliott, P.H. Quick, and Brothers -Elliott and Ripley (of the Oak of Payneham Lodge), P.D.P. Anders (of the Sir James Fergusson Lodge), Brother Virk (of the Victory Lodge), P. A. Wright (of the Oak of Mitcham Lodge), and Brother Martens (of the Royal Oak Lodge). A Lodge meeting was formally opened, and seventeen candidates wera initiated. The Lodge was duly constituted as the Hampstead Heath Lodge No. 54, and formally opened, the following officers being eleoted:-Aroh-Druid, P. A. Wright; Vice-Druid, Brother D. Botbe; Right and Left Bard, No. 1, A.D., respec tively, Brothers Gilbert and A Bothe; Do. 1, B. A., BrothersPinnegarand Pope; Seoretary, Brother G. Thomas; Treasurer, Brother A. W. Bothe; Inside Guardian, Brother Dewing; Outside do., Brother Mueller; trustees, Brothers Mueller, Dewing, A. Bothe, D. Bothe, and H. W. Langsford; surgeon, Dr. W. A. Verco. The officers were installed into their respective positions by the Grand Presi dent, and a hearty vote of thanks was ac corded to the Grand Officers and visiting mem bers for, the assistance. Fifteen propositions for membership were reoeived. After the business was concluded an excellent spread, provided by the host (Brother Bothe) 'was partaken of. The Grand President in a cheering speech, proposed success, to the Hampstead Heath Lodge. He compli mented Brothers Wright and East on their BUcceBBfnl efforts to open the Lodge. Brother East suitably responded; Brother Cohen, M.P., gave the toast of the "Grand Offioers," and congratulated them on opening a new Lodge BO early in the their term of offioe. The Grand Seoretazy, on behalf of the Exeoiitive,. replied. The toastx>f the "Visitors" and tbe " Host and Hostess" were enthusiastically received. ? POPULATION of THE COLONIES.-In a return. dealing with the estimated population of the - different .Australian Colonies on December 31* 1891, and published in a Supplement to the Victorian Qovemmevt Gazette, the Government - Statist furnishes some information relative to the rate of progress made in each colony. Victoria still stands at the head as the moat populous, the ' inhabitants of 'both sexes num bering 1,146,930. Then oomes New South Wales rIOBB up with 1,143,680, followed by New Zealand -with ,629,783; Queensland. 400,713; South Australia, including the - Northern Territory, 322,456; Tasmania, 148,955; and Western Australia, 51,243. The - annual rate of increase in population from 1881 to 1891 was:-In Queensland, 6 "28; Western Australia, 5*30; New South'Wales, 4*18; Vic toria, 2'83: New Zealand, 2*49; Tasmania, 2*40; and South Australia, 1*36. When thirsty what do you drink to quenoh * your thirst? West India Litnejuice Cordial: and Water, made by Bickford, and known as ? Bickford's Limejuice Cordial. It is the purest) - limejuice cordial on the market. 47thscvd 