CABLEGRAMS. /Iiondon, Monday. \- , ??.?-,i.,n.''o._,c,_1 iV. A T"f_rior,»i^il The fact that Sir Saul Samuel, the Agent-lienerai Eor New' South Wales, has accepted a seat on the board of the Australian Joint Stook Bank, is con sidered in English hanking circles to be a grave error. Though .not likely to adversely affoot .the issue of colonial loaus, it is regarded as improper that the " Agont-Ganeral or other representative of tho ooîonies should be rjersonally interested in the direction of banks. General Booth has selected the Cape of Good Hope for the establishment of his "over-sea" colony. Tho J)atJ¡/ Seiet, referring to General Booth's lato visit to the colonies, says that if Australia re fuses to allow the admission of immigrants, her brief record of progress will bo practically closed. In tho courso of tho debate on the address' in re ply to tho Queon'a Speech in tho House of Commons lost night, Mr. Joseph Chamberlain, leader of tho Liberal Unionists, made a brilliant speech, during which he attaokod the Gladstonian party, and characterised its tuctics ns monaco and bluster. Anothor revolt is believed to bo imminent in Rio Janeiro, the capital of the Brazilian Republic Tho Ministry has resigned. Tho telegraph UIICB havo boen cut. Tho Earl of Jersey Governor of New South Wales, writes that, in his opinion, the Fuu-Britunnio contests, proposed ' by Mr. Astley Cooper, deserve the fullest consideration and discussion. * ' The importation of Danish cattle into the United Kingdom has boon proliibited, owing, to-the exist ence of foot und mouth disease in Denmark. General Booth reviewed several thousand mem bers of the Salvation Array at Hyde Park. A great procession took place to Hyde Park, the traffic in the oily hoing blouked for over an hour. Tho Houso of Commons has negatived the amendment on tho Address-in-Reply by a largo majority. Tho engine mon in tho collieries of South Wales have struck in censequenao of tho reduotion of wages. The Committee of Ways and Means in the Ameri can Houso of Representativos favor tho free admis sion Of WOOl. ; A famine is prevailing in Montenegro, owing to ' the failure of crops. Tho Japanoae Goverument have voted £100,000 for tho representation of Japun at-the Chioago Exhibition. Thc. police in Berlin raided a gathering of Anarchists, and 00 were arrested. , Frons St. Petersburg it is reported that tho Jews are makingrirepurations for a universal exodus from Russia. . ' ? '?'.?; A telegram from Now York says that soveral fail ures' are expooted ia tho cotton trade in tho United States. It is reported that an immense field of saltpetre has been disooverud in the German possessions in South-west Africa, A German friguto is engaged in assisting to tow the North German Lloyd's mall steamer Eider off from the rooks on tho coast on tho Isle of Wight. Tho Indian Government deny that tho opium trade is increasing. Tho House of Commons hus decided not to take any steps for the protection of Mr. De Cobain's soa^ for East Belfast, pending his appoarauco to mako a personal statement. Later. 10,000 men aro looked out of workshoris on the Tyne and Wear Rivers. Tho colliory proprietors of Durham have given tho minors a fortnlght's"nbtlbo"bf thöiFintention to roduce wages. ; It is estimated that at the approaching general elootion labor candidatos will bo returned to tho Houso of Counnous for 10 constituencies in England. The personalty of the late Henry Tolloinucho, M.P., has boon proved at £1,250,000. DISEASE. AMONO THR OUANOKS IN TUB S. S. 1 BLANDS. -A report from Tonga by the stcamor Rockton states that the orange mop ut Vavau has boen thoroughly ruined by tho blight. The disenso did not show itself until tho treos wera all clothed in thoir beauty of white bud and blossom, when tho aphis attaoked thom, und soon noithor bud, nor blossom, nor sucoulont young shoot wns left, mid as their food disappeared so vanished tho aphides, and tho people vainly thought that they woro freo from thoir scourge. But no, for so soon ai*, by. an extra effort, tho trees sprouted out nguiu iu green shoots, and were ouco again gay in bud and blossom, tho enemy reappeared ; and, fully equal to the occasion, onoe more dovourod or destroyed tho years' promiso of uurop, and tho troes instead of being utttred, all glorious in their bridal array, quickly put on a dusky and black garb of mourning, aud speedily became ono'mass of pestilence and filth. So bad did it bocomo that without having ono's clothes besmirched and stained, it wits impossible to perambulate the streets. Last yoar tho people of Noiafu, sooner than take what was u fair price from the traders for their oranges, allowed much of tho fruit to ripen and rot on tho troes. PUBLIO Wonxs OoNTKur-LATEB.-Tho Minister for Public Works laid bofore his colleagues in Cabinet ou Eriduy. a list of tenders for public works which he considers should bo uccoptpd without delay. Tho Tenders in question have been solootod from thoso j that for sume timo, past havo lain in abeyunoe The Cabinot. agreed thut toudors for works willoh will involvo, un expenditure of £120,000 shall bo ao aepted. In the muin these aro foi- tho extension of water and seworago works.- Tho Cabinet lins also approved of tho Tomoru Railway aud tho fourth section of the Lismoro to the Tweed lino being con structed, but tonders for these will not bo invited until thero is a moro promising finanoial outlook be . fore the colony. Tho Ministora f urthor dooided to -submit to Parliament for approval tho con struction of u oablo tramway from King-street to Ocean-street, ..via -William-street,' and other proposals that havo boon bofurt tho Parliamentary Standing Committee on Publia'- Works. This list of proposals inoludes tho Darling Island railway ox tension soborno, and the consequont rosumptiön of lund, whiohwill involve the expenditure ! of some thing like half a million of money; water supply works at Armidale, Tamworth, and Junoo; a reservoir at Centennial Park, seworago works at Parramatta,! and a new bridgo at Gundagai. The execution of those works, however, wllLL'depend entirely upon the finanoial position of the oountry. Probably tho Eden-Boga, and tho Jorildorio-Donili quin railways will be among tho first proposals sub mitted for uonsidoration to tho Next Parliamentary Stauding Committoo on Publio Works._ HOLLOWAY'S PIO,S.-^Nervousness and want of Energy.-When-first the . nerves ; feol uh. strung, arid listlessness supplants onbrgy, it is the right time to tuko some-alterativo as Hallo way's Pills to'prevent disorder running into diso» BO. These-excellent p¡i]a oorroot nil irre gularities and weaknossos. They act so kindly, yet so energetically ont ho foliations of .diges tion and assimilation, that tho whole body is rb vivodj the blood is .rendorod richer and- purer, tho muscles booonio finner and stronger mid tlio nervous and absorbent aystems are invigorated. Thoso Pill i. nre ' suitable for all classes nnd nil ages. :'. They Imvo a most marvellous ofleot on persons who aro out of condition ;. thoy soon reotify whntisinj fault, restore strength to tho body und confidence to tho mind. : ? . ' :''?'? . ; " Wo. make and repair, with diligent caro, j ? All classes of work-high nnd low ; ? . ? ' And tho boots that wo koop, ; . So splendid lind ohoup, j Wore solootod for EDWAUDS & Co." i Noto address-Cash Boot Houso, noxt -Rènw iolc's . ' MoloBworth-Btroot, Lismoro. $ 