A Much-married Man. The San Francisco papers have been giving some attention to the case of an adventurer: named Madison, who seems to have Deeming's partiality for constantly seeking out wives and ouicklv eettinsrrid of them, but in a harmless ?way. His latest victim, Mrs. Lucinda Dawes,.a respectable widow, of Elmira, learned that her husband had recently married another widow, at St. Louis, and robbed and deserted her at Cleve- ; land while on her wedding trip. Soon after he appeared at Elmira. He straightway won the other widow's heart, and she married him two days later. At his instance she then sold her effects, and gave Tnirn the money, as they were about to start for San Miguel, California, where, as he said, he owned a fine fruit farm. Madison went out to buy tickets and never came back. Mrs. Dawes learned that Madison had been in California under the name of Anderson, and that' he had deserted a young wife there after robbing her, besides swindling others out of JJIOOO. He went to Germany, found his wife's mother, who lives there, and was about to get hold of her money when she received a warning through a letter from- her daughter. Then he appeared in Chicago, met another confiding woman, and married her under the pretence of owning 1200 acres of land in Michigan. She shared the fate of her predecessors. Since his original marriage in San Miguel, and between _ that and his marriage to Mrs. JDawes, Anderson ' married a Danish immigrant girl at Cherokee, -, Icwa. He went with her to Omaha, where ha robbed her of her money and deserted her. He_ went east, and at Hoboken met another young' Danish woman. Learning that she had consider able money he married her. He was living with her in Boston while he was corresponding with Mrs.; Dawes. While he was in correspondence with Mrs. Dawes Le married a 'widow who lived in Kansas City, got 260dol of her money, and disappeared, and also married a woman in Galena, H., who was! treated in like manner. His sixth victim was Mrs. Dawes. The St. Louis widow seems to have been the only one of Anderson's dupes who set to work to hunt the fellow down. She put detectives on his track, and he was found in Albany in a ?fair way to secure his seventh victim in that city in the person of a well-to-do widow. He was arrested, and placed in gaol in Cleveland. Five ? of his wives signified their intention to appear against him when ho comes to trial. His original i and only legal wife obtained a divorce from him two years ago. ? 