NEWS OF THE WEEK. It is the intention of Mr. Towton, to erect a large hotel and training stables near tbe Perth Race Course and on the Gaildfsrd road. The Eight Hors' Demonstration Committee announce a grand ball to be held in the Fremantle Town Hall, on Proclamation night, 21st October. We have to acknowledge receipt of £2 from Mr. McD. McKay, and £1 1s. from Dr. J. W. Hope, Fremantle, on behalf of the St. John's (Newfoundland) Relief Fund. At a meeting of the Executive Council held on Tuesday, Mr. S. H. Parker, M.L.C., was sworn in as a member of the Government, with the portfolio of Colonial Secretary. A private letter mentions that Dr. Scott intends to leave London on his return to Western Australia this month, having taken his passage by the direct steamer, sailing for Fremantle about October 20. A batch of domestic servants arrived at Fremantle from England by the s.s. Echuca, on Monday. From an advertisement appearing in another column, it will be seen that they are now available for engagement at the Immigration Depot in Fremantle. Following in the wake of Perth, Fremantle, and Albany, Guildford has inaugurated a Chess Club of its own, whioh is making a premising start with about a dozen members, Mr. Gorton has undertaken the duties of secretary. We understand that Mr. C. H. Yeo has retired from the firm of Yeo, Clerk & Co., auc- tioneers, &c.;, of this city, and that Mr. Theo. R. Lowe, lately of Roebourne, has joined the business, whioh will be earned on under the name of Lowe, Clerk & Co. In connection with the proposed Albany town jetty extension, it is reported that the contract has been signed by Messrs. Wright & Barton for a price about £1000, under the estimated oost. We believe (states the Albany paper) that the contractors' price is about £3,800. The South Fremantle election has resulted in the return of Mr. E. Solomon by a majority of seven votes over Mr. Wray, the polling being-Solomon, 161; Wray, 154. A re- port of the proceedings in connection with the election is published in another column. A sale of Crown lands took place at the Lands Department on Friday week. Only two lots were sold, the timber license in the Darling Range being withdrawn from sale. Cottesloe suburban lot 13, 6a. 8r. 4p. was bought by Dr. Kenny for the upset price, £20 an acre. Fremantle town lot 1369, 10a, 1r. 21p., was bought by Mr. R. Keesing for £75. At a meeting of the Newcastle Municipal Council, on the 3rd inst., Mr. E. A. Arch- deacon informed the Council that he had col- lected about £11 in aid of the St. John's (Newfoundland) Relief Fund. On the motion of Cr. Connor, seconded by Cr. Ellery, it was resolved that someone be employed to can- vass the district on behalf of the Fund. A private astronomer, whose observatory it is stated is in the vicinity of the Land Titles Office, informs us that at the beginning of the week one of the four satellites of Jupiter disappeared from view. He has, however, succeeded in discovering a fifth attendant on the planet, which he has named Jupiter's Parker satellite. A telegram in another column announces that the Holder Ministry, which has only been in office for some three or four months, has been defeated on a no- confidence motion, in the South Australian Assembly, by a majority of four. Sir John Downer has been sent for by the Governor, and has undertaken to form a Ministry. We are informed that Lacey's Timber Mill in the Darling Ranges has been purchased by Messrs. Alex. Forrest & Co. from Messrs. Gill & Co. This property consists of a timber lease of 3000 aeres, and the saw mill contains two fourteen horse power engines, which drive the wood cutting machinery. The mill, we understand, will still be carried on under the style of Gill &Co.; Mr. William Traylen, M.L.A., has been appointed Consul in Western Australia for Denmark. The letter from the Minister at Copenhagen announces that the Danish letters patent are dated August 27, but that it will be necessary for the Danish Minister in London to apply to the British Minister for the royal exequatur-the usual written authority given to a consul-before the com- mission can be sent out. This will be done forthwith. Dean Goldsmith writes to us, under Thurs- day's date :-"I should be most unwilling to receive credit due to another, and the credit of introducing the Wild Flower Show to Perth belongs undoubtedly to Mr. C. H. Wilkinson, with whom I have been most happy to co-operate. I should be glad on behalf of the St. George's Brigade to thank most heartily both him as the prime mover, and these many ladies and gentlemen who have worked with us, for their unwearied endeavours to make our first Wild Flower Show the success it has been." A meeting of creditors in the estate of W. E. Jennings, proprietor ef the Federal Coffee Palace, Henry-street, was held at Fremantle on Tuesday. The statement submitted showed the liabilities as amounting to £800, and the assets to £500. Mr. W. Meadley, a principal creditor, agreed to take the management of the estate, and to report at the expiration of one month to the general body of creditors. The meeting was a stormy one, the creditors being very much incensed at the absence of information respecting the creation of the deficiency. A LARGE specimen of meteorite was dis- covered on Monday week by Mr. Louis Knoop, of Fremantle, on the Peak, Herring Plain, at a point about 65 miles south-east from York. Pieces of meteorite have been found in the locality some ten years ago, and some months since Mr. Knoop found another piece weigh- ing about 400 pounds. That gentleman, be- lieving that a larger body of the substance would be discovered in the neighbourhood, again went out some weeks since, and has been successful in bringing in the specimen, which was shown last Saturday to our reporter at Fremantle. The lump of metal, which is chiefly composed of iron and nickel, weighs eighteen hundredweight and a quarter, and is similar in shape to a gigantic pear. The Commissioner of Crown Lands is taking stsps to obtain information as to the country lying eastward of Yilgarn, including the locality of Bayley's late find. To carry out this work a surveyor, Mr. Noel Brazier, started from Perth by train on Monday. He left York by coach yesterday for Southern Cross, where he will overtake his party, which consists of three Europeans with necessary horses, and one Afghan driver with two camels. Mr. Brazier has instructions to make a complete topographical survey ef the route from Southern Cross to Gnarlbine, and then to extend his survey so far as may be found practicable. He will carry on his work as long as the water supply lasts. Mr. Brazier has as assistant Mr, Newton Moore, of Bunbury. It is expected the party will be absent from Perth about four months. On Monday evening the usual half-yearly meeting of the Working Men's Institute was held in their hall, Wellington Street, Perth. Mr. W. Guppy occupied the chair. The half yearly report was read by the secretary, Mr. Thompson. It disclosed a very favourable state of affairs, although it expressed regret that the usual annual Government grant had, for some unexplained reason, not been received, notwithstanding several applications had been made, such applications not having met with the favour of a reply. The committee congratulated the members upon their having got rid of their tenants the Working Men's Club by turning them out, although at con- siderable expense in the way of law costs, &c.; A good tenant had now been found for the room recently occupied by the club, and it was hoped that the alteration would be beneficial. Several new members were elected, as also were new committee men. At the meeting of the West Australian Me- chanical and Electrical Institute last Wednes- day week at their room in Central Buildings Hay street, an interesting and instructive paper on " The construction of the modern high pressure engine " was read by Mr. William Brown, vice-president. The rules ef the Institute confine the reader of a paper to half an hour. Mr. Brown on this occasion treated on the cylinder, piston, guides and crank, and gave notice that he intends to take up the valve gear and governor at some future meeting. The discussion which followed was well sustained, and showed an appreciation of the difficulties under which colonial engines labour, as compared with their brethren in the older countries, and there were several useful suggestions towards overcoming these difficulties. The secretary gave notice that at the next meeting he would read a paper on " High speed engines, and their suitability. to West Australian industries." A cablegram in another column announces the death of Mr. Thomas Woolner, RA. Mr. Woolner was born in 1825, and studied under William Behnes. He exhibited re- markable skill in producing models of a poetical and historical character. His "Death of Boadicea," exhibited in 1843, attracted much attention. He visited Aus- tralia in 1862, and during a residence of nearly two years there he modelled a number of characteristic likenesses in medallion. Among his latest works are the statue of Captain Cook, ereoted in Hyde Park, Sydney, overlooking Sydney Harbour, and statues of Sir Stamford Raffles, for Singapore; of Bishop Fraser, of Manchester ; and the monument to Sir Edwin Landseer in St. Paul's Cathedral. He was elected a Royal Academician in 1874, and he was for some years Professor of Sculpture in the Royal Academy. He was also a poet, and published, in 1868, " My Beautiful Lady," which ran through several editions. The use of karri timber in the construction of the central section of the Fremantle jetty has not been attended with satisfactory re- sults. Some seven or eight years ago Mr. E. Wishart contracted to erect the portion of the jetty alluded to under the chief-engineer ship of Mr. J. A. Wright, and the use of karri piles was authorised. The inability of the timber to withstand the action of water has in that short space of time inter- vening, been fully proved, for at the present time many of the piles have decayed so much at the water line, that they are hanging by ¡the top bolts, being eaten completely through at the surface of the water. The result of this is that Mr. M. Price, the cóntractor for the last extension of tbe jetty, has been in- structed by the Government to repair the defective work by substituting jarrah piling. The most dangerously decayed piles will be replaced first, and the repairs will be effected in sections in order that the existing traffic may not be interfered with. Previous to his departure from our town, we bad a short interview (states the York paper) with Mr. John W. James, C.E., the gentleman who was dispatched by the Gov- ernment to these districts with the view of deciding upon some soheme having for its object a water supply for the various towns. Mr. James was unaccompanied by any staff, as this was simply a preliminary visit. The Government will await Mr. James' reports to deoide upon what notion may be considered necessary in this direction. Wbila in York Mr. James inspected various sites within a radins of five miles, and was fortunate in striking one about two miles from the town. The site in question Mr. James states has a natnral formation with an outcrop of granite, making it very easy to impound anything. Sufficient water could here be obtained to supply the town for the next 30 years, or even longer, as the catchment is considerable and the means for impounding the water easy. After having finished here Mr. James proceeded to Northam and Newcastle. Dr. Haynes, who bas been connected w,ith the volunteer movement in the other colonies and ia also rather a crack shot with the rifle, has offered a special prize of £5 to be com- peted for during the annual musketry course of the M.R.V". The distances are the 500 and and 600 yards ranges and to-morrow will see the commencement of the annual course, when the members of the M.R.V. hold their annual prize firing. The following are tbe conditions attacked to Dr. Haynes' special prize:-1. Winner of the £100 prize to be excluded ; 2. That an entranoe fee of Is. be charged ; 3. That the proceeds go to form a prize to the highest scorer at 200 and 300 yards ranges, open to all those who enter for the £5, and who did not win a prize last year above the value of 30a. The winner of the £100, or the £5, to be excluded, and also those who win prizes this year of the value ef £2. By this arrangement the majority of the best shots will be deprived of winning this prize, as many of them undoubtedly will secure some trophy of value. The medium shots, there- fore, will be encouraged to shoot well at the anniversary to-morrow. ÜHDEB date Perth, October 4,1892, Mr. S. H. Parker writes to the Mayor of York, as followst-Dear Mr. Mayor-In consequence of my acceptance of an offioe in the Ministry, whioh necessitates a seat in the Legislative Counoil, I am oompelled to resign the position, whioh tbe electors ef York were good enough to confer en me, of their repre- sentative in the Legislative Assembly. I shall ever feel deeply grateful to the constitu- ency for the confidence reposed in me during the last two years, and it is with much regret that I cease to be their repre- sentative in Parlament. As a member of the Government I shall, in all pro- bability have greater opportunities for furthering the prosperity qf York, and my late constituents may rest assure that, oonaistantly with the interests of the colony generalb/, anything tending to promote their Welfare and happiness will have in me a warm advocate. Thanking you personally for all your many kindnesses to me-Believe me to be, very faithfully yours, S. H. Parker.-W. j Dinsdale, Esq., Mayor of York. Tbe annual meeting of the Chamber of Manufactures was held on the 4th inet. at Waldeok's Buildings, Fremantle, Mr. W. J. Ranford, in the absenoe of the President Mr. S. H. Parker) in the chair, A debit balance of £8 8s. 5 secretary, but against this excess of assets over liabilities a sum due amounting to £21 was shewn on the balance-sheet. Theannualreport, hi giving a review of the year's work, stated that partly owing to the apathy of members, and partly to the parliamentary discussion of matters affecting the ohamber, the year bad been almost wasted. The assurance which a deputation from the chamber had received from the Treasnrer on the 7th Oct. last year, that during the ensuing session tbe anomalies in the tariff would be con- sidered was regarded as most important, but this promise bad not been carried out. This necessitated renewed representations being made. No new industries had been started, during the year, but these already established were beginning to feel their way financially. The report and balance sheet having been adopted, the following resolutions were agreed to :-Proposed by Mr. F. W. Robb, seconded by Mr. A. E Simpson, " That the secretary be instructed to write to the Premier, asking him to name a oonvenient day for reoeiving a deputa- tion on the matter of a revision of the tariff." Proposed by Mr. W. F. Williams, seconded by Mr. H. R. Dixson, *' That local manufacturers be asked to draw up, for the Treasurer's information, a detailed report as to the effeot of the present tariff upon the respective trades, and the probable effeot of alterations suggested." Proposed by Mr! Robb, seconded by Mr. H. R. Dixson, " That rale No'. 7, as amended at the last annual meeting, with reference to the com- mittee of the whole ohamber, be rescinded and a committee eleoted as in former years.', The following officers were eleoted for the ensuing year -President, Mr. S. H. Parker, M.L.C.J Vioe-President, Mr. G. T. Simpson, M.L.A.; Committee, Meiste. A. Sandover, F. W. Bola; A¿ 1. Simpson (Simpson & Bell), W. Fï Williams, A ST, Brown, Wa. Simpson (Ranford Bro«, and Simpson), tad J» Turton j1 Hot. Seo., Mr. H. B. Dixson, 