JNDIA AND AUSTRALIA. BY ALFRED DEAKJDL Who would comprehend the interest which India should have for Australia must- first understand the interest which it has for the rest of the world. This ig unique and inex haustible, and of many phases. The first place in the traveller s curiosity is usually occupied by the external aspects of modern native life, and some architectural remains, which attest the pov er, opulence and artistic taste of one or two epochs, in as striking a manner as even Egyptian ruins, or those later and more exquisite fragments which exhibit — llie glory that was Greece And the graudcur that was Home. Bat there is much besides, vaster, more pro found aud more pregnant in appeal to the thoughtful Tlic aspects of Nature are varied and magnificent, embracing every kind and class of spectacle, from soils fat with the recuperative fertility of inunda tions, to desert wastes of scorching, dun colored sand ; from cosy, homely nooks ot fruitful village fields to sterile, rocky peaks and fathomless depths of inacces sible gorges; from over populated, ever cultivated river flats, sparsely settled plateaux, and savage- haunted jungles to craggy wastes, untenanted save by a lonely herdsman, fierce refuge or sad outcasted clan. Indeed the beauties of many climes and countries ard scattered profusely throughout this mighty peninsula, limb-like rooted in its socket, so near the heart of Asia, and so magnificently mountain jointed. Less grand, less inspiring, but as various, and more intimately interesting to most tourists, are the multitudinous brandies of the human family whom it maintains in one or other of its regions, offering an infinite wealth of illustration and suggestion to the anthropologist, historian, philanthropist and to all seekers amid the embers of the past \- for the far off origins of race, language and religion. Then there is that great political marvel — the British raj — little more stable than ui the days of Clive, though immensely expanded and more highly organised. If the Eurasians, or half-breeds, at present a despised and insignificant body, could trans fuse the Caucasian capacity for self-govern ment into a new n:i.1.ivf» nr onrrv int.n European families a sullicient strain of Himlu blood to render them climate proof, and capable of permanent residence, there would be a brighter outlook for the future. As it is, the gulf between the two peoples is deepen ing, if not widening ; and the glauier-liku advance of the forces of the White Czar has brought them at last within hail of the gates of India. Auother interest should be the irrigation system— bold, comprehensive and original — by which millions are fed, a monument to the sagacity, ability and magnanimity of British rulers. This until now all visitors have carelessly passed by. The writer was the first civilian unconnected with the Govern ment who had ever taken the pains to visit the Sirhind Canal and other important works, which should he the admiration of thousands. Railways of equal and of even greater size, uud of equal, if not superior, eiiieieuey, we can see elsewhere, hut there is not a canal system in the world to compare with that of India. Yet even to the people who created this system it is as if it were not, " as if it could not be, as if it had not been," so little do Anglo-Indians know about it. When the reproach of igno rance and indifference shall have been re moved, critics will undoubtedly award this achievement ot iintish engineers its littnig place in the scale of their interest aud atten tion. The most glowing panegyric is Midler's : — "If I were to look over the whole world to find out tho country most richly endowed with all the wealth, power and beauty that naturo can bestow — in some parts a very paradise on earth— I should point to India. If I were asked under what sky tho human mind lias most fully developed some of its choicest gifts, has most deeply pondered on tile greatest problems of life and lias found solutions of some of thom which well deserve the attention even of thoso who have studied Plato and Kant, I should point, to India. And if I were to ask myself from what literature we in Europo, Jve who, Jiave been nurtured almost exclu sively oil the thoughts of Greeks uud Romans and of ouo .Semitic race, tile Jewish, may draw that corrective which is most wanted in order to make our imier life more perfect, more comprehensive, more universal, in fact more truly human . . . again I should point to India. " In this brilliant passage the learned pro- . ' : fessor has certainly not understated the ease, and lias carefully chosen liis comparisons. There is nothing in India, even in a rudimen- tary way, that can bo held to vie with the wealth of Italy in sculpture, painting, poetry, or indeed ill any art except that of architecture. Even in this the masterpieces arc few, aro not the high expression of an harmonious culture, such as belonged to Greece, and Greece alone, nor are they to he measured as a whole with the complex and changeful Gothic ; hut they are in the front rank of their own style, almost its solitary exemplars, and offer a small group of edifices of imperishable beauty, one of which, in its perfectucss of unity and grace, surpasses everything that, has come down to us com plete from the wreck of time. These and the literature, through which are scattered gems of poetry, pearls of philosophy, and many dickering rays from a dimmer lamp of roligious truth, compriso a priceless heritage, Winning for the race aud place from which they sprang immortal wreaths of uncon- querahlo lame. The fame aud fortunes of England arc staked to-day upon the control of this peninsula. While India is kept intact tho British Empire remains a power of tlio lirst rank. If India falls under a foreign yoke, tho prestige and lnllucncu of the nation fall with it. novcr to rise again, uniess, indeed, the balance be redressed by the growth and co hesion of colonies which have become commonwealths, dominions and federations, by whose might and iullueiicc the globe will ho ringed and girdled from sea to sea. Mean while within the country problems multiply apace — problems which go to the root of national and political life, and exhibit 111 fill play tho seminal principles upon which our whole social order is founded. The limits of uuthority and rights of citizens, the sway of conscientious despotism and demands of a colored democracy, thu strength of hydra- lieaded superstitions, tenacity of customs which aro barbarous aud unwholesome in their operation, capacity for moral and mtollcetiuil progress of many mixed peoples, tho possibility of a working relationship between the advanced east and the advanced west, the applicability of European civilisation to Asia, aud tho solution of tho great difficulties attending an unrestricted multiplication of tho species, all face us in India, where for aught we linow the Armageddon of tho 20th century may uu tuugut, in iiuui \xiusc ueeayiug altars tho lire to kiudle its ushering con flagrations in other lands may be brought. " Out of the East light '' — possibly in the shape ot lightning, to discern the depths >ver which aud the rocks among which the nodorn spirit is drifting. Ail things are yet possible in this strange land. Any birth is jonccivablo from the spiritual marriage be tweentho Anglo-Saxon and the Hindu, which 4 is now being consummated. Their strife has "» brought out the best and worst in both natures; their uniou may do the same. They must profoundly modify each other, but the exLent to which their mutual influence will operate, or the miracles it will work, defy prediction. Between India and Australia there must always bo many links and associations. Tho irrigation systems of India will be of perennial interest to all hydraulic engineers, and espe cially to those on this side of tho line. The southern colonies of Australia arc certain to be always in favor with officials on furlough in search of health, or those who liavc retired and seek a homo in a temperato climate, free from tho tropic heat of their field of labor, or the snows of their place of .birth. Australians and Anglo-Indians aro therefore bound to be close acquaintances, j Intimacy between the' two countries will j doubtless bo established in course of time. ' They ore part of one empire, and thus linked to one destiny, but those relations which aro likoSy to develop earliest, and be of most im mediate importance, may bo grouped at ouce undertwo heads, trade aud invasion, peace and war. Both depend upon the maintenance of British supremacy in India, and the exclu sion of any European rival. Under British initiation frectrade obtains, and her ports are open to all our products. Duties upon her products in Australia are mainly for revenue purposes, and in Victoria that upon tea has recently been swept away. There is no fiscal impediment, therefore, to a closer uniou of the two countries, uud one would suppose, from the difference in age, climate, population, aud economic conditions, com mercial intercourse would be likely to prove of mutual benefit. So far this doc3 not appear to have been the ease. Tho irrigated fields of India are not likely to increase its exports to Australia. In 1839 Victoria took 24390ewt. of wheat from Bom, bay, but our clucf purchases are ncq, bags> tea, jute, castor oil, yarns, coffee, with pepper" spices and tapioca fromFurtherJudia and the Malay Pcuiusula. Rice and jute are prac tically the only products of watered fields which we consume, and neither appears to promise a sufficient return to justify its cultivation here where climatic con ditions would permit, Our exjiorts to India are even less valuable aud loss agricul tural, gold, specie and horses completing the list. In 1889 we bought £375,000, and sold £420,000 worth of goods. Out of this tho horse trade alone is of any value to tho country districts. Considering our nearness to India, and the fact that our chief European mail lines touch at Ceylon, the fact that our trade amounts to less than £800,000 annually is rather remarkable. It would be unreasonable to anticipate that we should be able to compete in Bombay with English manufacturers, but it does appear ex traordinary that we do not take advantage of ourseasonstosend orchardand other products just across the Line. Mr. D. Wilson, the able aud indefatigable dairy export, en- , trusted me with three tins of factory butter, which passed through the tropica in my cabin and wece tested in Ceylon about one month, in Lahore and Calcutta about two months, after my departure. The first tin was opened by Mr. Ferguson, editor of the Ceylon Ob-ierctr, whose verdict was that the sample was equal to Danish or Normandy, that he had seldom tasted better and that it might be taken for fresh. The second was stated by the editor of the Civil a/ul Military Gazette to be excellent, " quite up to the standard of tinned Danish butter." The third tin was noticed to be palpably defective before being opened— a circumstance that need occasion no surprise since it had beeu subject to very harsh treatment during a railway journey of over 3000 miles in addition to its sea voyage. Mr. Bleuhynden, the secretary of the Agri cultural and Horticultural Society ol India, wiiose headquarters are in Calcutta, opened it bciorc his committee aud found the con tents quite spoiled. Tim remains were afterwards made iuto capital "ghi." This native substitute is really butter, boiled and clarified in a liquid slate ; it is solely employed by the Hindus for all purposes, and largely by Europeans in cookery. It keeps well, but is too tallowy in taste for the palates of white men. When made from buffalo milk it is richer in cream aud stronger in Uavor than if from the cow. At least one attempt was made in Victoria to produce "ghi" for export to India, but the experiment was not ai/Lcuucu. mm auuiws. jj ui uue Liiiug, the caste ditliculty has to be surmounted, for though the average Hindu will cheerfully sell to his brethren a compound defiled by the introduction of beef fat, he will not peril his own salvation by eating it, and the mere fact that butter has been made by European bauds is enough of itself to absolutely prohibit it to the pious. Ghi fetches from 9d to Is a lb., but owing to casto prejudices and the dilliculty of hitting the native taste, this enormous market is probably closed to Australian enterprise. Augio-lndians alone consume butter, and it is to supply their tables that the dairy farmers of the colonies might well devote some atten tion. It is true that tho European popula tion is small, but it eau afford to pay for a good article, and my own experience indicates that the climatic condi tions aro by no means unconquerable. Good Dauish butter kept in ice, and invariably used in tent life, sometimes fetches os a lb. in the interior in summer, when a native butter can be had for la. Calcutta, Bombay and Madras are badly sup plied with a local product at all seasons, the better quality being usually found up country, and tho best, curiously enough, at Karachi. There should always be a good but limited market in these capitals lor the best quality butler, carried in refrigerating chambers aud sold at a high price. There should be a large market for a fair butter of even grade if once our imrchascrs could obtain an entrance into the Commissariat department, and supply the largo quantities needed for the troops, in this direction there is dis tinctly a most promising opportunity. The export might be supplemented to some exteut by supplies of milk— always thin and poor in India— for if the concentrated milk now growing in favor, could be transmitted with sullicient frequency in cool chambers it would be heartily welcomed by well-to-do whites. There ap pears to be some prospect of obtain ing custom from the army also, as Brigade-Burgeon Hamilton aud other medical authorities have strongly condemned the pre sent system of barrack victualling. A " milk and butter supply " branch of the commis sariat has been suggested, the medical otlicor named having estimated that tho cost to the Btutc of enteric fever casus, many of which are attributed to infected milk and butter, in the three regiments stationed at Luoknow, lias amounted in live years to £30,000. The price paid for hospital milk by contract with the natives is5d per quart, and though no doubt any project for sup plying concentrated milk iu quantity to India implies iiu immense advance on our present methods of preserving aud trans, mitting it, tho demand is worth keeping in mind. Tho fact that the great centres of white population are practically on the seaboard must be taken into account iu all these matters. With cool storage provided iu them it should be easy to initiate a business in fruit and vegetables. It is probable that the prices paid for good table vegetables in the hot season would more than make up the cost of transit. The potatoes obtainable seem specially x)oor> Eugliah fruits are everywhere stale and tasteless, and though they arc beginning to be growu under the Himalayas, in the Kulu Valley, in line Aie wants of the white population in dairy produce, fruit, fresh aud preserved meats coultl be met most readily from this country, aud though the trade would have narrow limits, ought to prove remune rative to our farmers and their agents. taut, and that the country lies on our main steamship routes, it is somewhat sur prising that our exchange is so backward. We need their tea, collee, rice, and jute, and cau return from farms and orchards, as well as from mines aud stations, what our kins men want. The native population we aro scarcely likely to attract, but there is a great business to bo done with them if their easte taboo was once set aside. Tho future of Northern Australia is alleged to dtfpend upon colored agricultural labor, and if this be the case it is certain that tho cheapest relays could be obtaiucd from India, The dilliculty hitherto has been the striu. gcncy of the conditions imposed by the Indian Government and its insistence upon the iieriodieal return of its immigrant-s, in which respects it exactly complies with colonial requirements. If Asiatic labor is in dispensable, the Hindu has his recommenda tions, especially if strictly limited in his ab sences from home, as indeed he invariably demands to be. If not the equal of the Chinese in enterprise, or versatility, some of his races aro their superiors in intellect and in war. The general nature or linal couscquonccs of intercourse between tho I great peninsula and the newest of continents I are too remote even for speculation, though i-lhe probability is that trade relations will draw us closer year by year, that trade being to the advantage of !x>th parties, until, if not after, our tropical territories and future island dependencies arc well developed. In time of war the provisioning of troops should occasion a large aud sudden demand for horses and supplies generally, though in such a crisis the thoughts of Australians arc certain to be absorbed in the conflict and its issue, rather than in the commercial oppor tunities that may offer. The situation would certainly be very serious if it were possible for the Russians to occupy the country, and iind at last the opening seawards for which their great Empire has so long been seeking. IV itb India as a base of operations for a hostile power, this continent would be directly threatened, and though it may be doubted if we shall be strong enough, when the in evitable struggle come3, to lend any cfiicicnt aid in repelling a Muscovite attack, it would assuredly bo immensely to our interests, not only as Britons, but as Australians, to see that assault repelled. It is probable that the first attack will fail, and certainly the country is to-day much better fitted to receive and sustain the shock than it was a few years ago. The frontier is better known and defined. The hill tribes aro more friendly, railway communication is all but completed, and the army itself in finer fighting trim. There are, of course, as there always will be, reforms to bo effected and preparations to be made, but it seems clear that there has been a great advance during the past decade, and that the Russians who have fought their way with splendid persistency to the heart of : Asia, and whoso troops are now exploring the Pamir tableland to tho north of Kashmir in order to find a road southward will find a warm welcome when they arrive. This is not the place to descant upon military problems, but it is plain that the struggle is not far oil'. The motley crowd that- throng the bazaars of Peshawur and Lahore, contains groups who come from the Russian borders. Turkestan, or Independent Tartary, is disappearing from the map, and the rival white races will probably be face to face before long near the sources of the Ainoor. The Hindus will probably be true to the British Hag, and will resist any- European troops when themselves led by Europeans remains to be seen, but in the first days of the mutiny, before they they were cowed, they certainly fought with desperate bravery. They are ill-fitted to play a losing hazard, and are peculiarly subject to sudden panic, begotten by super stition as much as fear ; but certain of their tribes are daring, resolute and ferocious, and on these the main reliance must be placed. The pliancy, fluidity and patient persistency of the average Hindu, which enables him to resist innovation, and to assert himself in a passive way generation after generation, so as to keep him true under all his obsequiousness and subserviency to his national traits, beliefs and customs, arc not martial virtues, aud are of no service in the lield. The brunt of the battle will be borne by British regiments, inspired by traditions of the deeds of the Mutiny, which remain, and are likely to remain, among the heroic pages in the glorious chronicle of the race. Wo should not have known what innate capacity for daring, enduring and govern ing existed in the stock if it had never struck root in India, aud now that it has survived so many storms, and sealed its title with so much blood and treasure, the prize is not likely to bo easily surrendered. Carlylo says: — Consider now, it they asked us, Will you give up your Indian Empire or your Shakespeare, you English? Never have had tiny Indian Empire, or never have had any Shakespeare? Really, it were a grave question." And con cludes: — "Indian Empire will go, at any rate, some day, but this Shakespeare does not go, he lasts forever with us ; we cannot give up our Shakespeare." Very truc> though the "sonic day" which this rathe' depairing passage foresees has not yet arrived, and may be long arriving. Granting that, measuring odds and circumstances, it seems impossible for the Briton to keep his hold for another century upon this tropic empire and its hordes of half, civilised peoples, it must still be remembered that it lias always seemed equally impossible, aud that its little garrison lias surmounted crisis after crisis and peril after peril. The miracle of valor and statecraft by which it has been subdued may be repeated and prolonged by the same agencies — by new troops of resolute and gallant spirits sprung from the old race. It is, at all events, a critical issuo for our young communities which, iu their pride of descent and haughtiness of national feeling, seem apt to forget that they have made their homes neither in Europe nor America, but in Austral-Asia — .Southern Asia — and that their fortunes may by this means be linked in the closest manner, in trade and in strife, in peace and in war, with the great continent near to us, whose richest and most magnifi cent promontory rests to-day under the shadow of tho same ilag. It is infinitely plcasantcr, no doubt, to ignore future possibilities of thus kind, shut the eyes to signs and omens of the times and preach peace where there is nowhere peace ; but is it reasonable to pass by the great changes iu locomotion by sea and land, which are bringing us nearer and nearer to the Old World, with its feuds and armed forces, its greed of territory and insatiable am bitions? In another quarter of a century tho map of Asia, as well as of Europo, may be changed, and unless faced by a federated Aus tralia, which, though democratic and paoilio, would be prepared to resist aggression and to maintain its llag, the belligerents may find our protecting stretch of ocean bridgcableand our people unarmed or unorganised. To pre pare' for such a contingency is not to dread it, but is to render it incapable of occasioning dread. It is not to question the naval suprc- to come to our aid, but is to recognise the responsibility of every, virile people to pro tect itself, if it were only to maintain its self- respect. Such prospects, and such a policy are not popular in the ordinary sense of the term. The average elector and his represen tative alike prefer to discuss matters nearer home, more local, more parochial, pro mising early profit, presenting means and ends more closely related and in which there is a smaller element of chance and narrower opening for prophecy. It seems better even to sport witli the Amaryllis of Irrigation, and with the tangles of .State socialism rather. than look so far ahead and travel so far afield. Ami yet such issues must have their place in our prevision for iu the event of the great catastrophe occurring, the local interests which we hold so dear and the industrial democracy which it is our lirst aim to preserve, might perish in a common wreck. It is in the interests of home that we should look abroad, aud in the interests of peace that wo should be jirupared for war. It should count for something in our mental ueveiopinenii uku in cms youngest part of the world we are actually witliin hail of the oldest portions, and that almost within the shadow of its most absolute mili tary despotism our nation should be build ing up ultra democracies of the most in dustrial and pacific type. Cynics may profess to discern a likeness between them, or at least a kinship, but between what institutions or practices of humanity is there not some propinquity ? Does not every atlirmativc include its negative? What is there that exists which can give itself airs of excltisiveness, or proclaim with hauteur its scparatcness from the universe of which it j forms a part? That intellectual give and j take which is a stimulus to thought every- i where should be especially quick and pro- ' lilac between Australasia, or .Southern Asia, j and its northern contiuout. Wo are near I enough to readily visit India, and bo visited, j Its students might coinc to the universities of our milder climate, instead of facing the winters of Oxford, Paris or Heidelberg ; our I I thinkers may yet become authorities upon j j questions which need personal acquaintance i with that country and its peoples. We may ' perhaps even hint, without undue self- appro. f bation, that our own course of evolution having been found worthy of study by emi- mcut Europeans, there may be something for Brahmanie criticism even under the Southern Cross. But it would bean idle to dwell upon fore casts of this order as it is foolish to discard them altogether. Until it be demonstrated that there is some reason why tho nearest great country to us should be tabooed, its people, its products aud its destiny ignored, and all the flowing tides of its spiritual life and teaching excluded from those far reach ing currents which set to us past its shorc»3, and influence us across the whole circum ference of our planet, we may hold it to lie inevitable, as well as natural, that one of the first outward going movements of our expansive Australian life will bring us into contact, and then into communion, with India. The fascination that it exercises upon our kindred will possibly be deepened for us, for the differences between our conditions and those of the East re main even greater than theirs. Until wo cease to feel the pulse beat of human thought, and to move in accordance with the mental ana moral umoiuuig ot me race, we cannot refuse the attractions which tho ancient wisdom of thu Aryans exercises upon all reflective and intuitional persons; until we have ceased to feel the last faint touch of patriotism towards the islands in the Atlantic from which our fathers came, wc cannot listen unthrilled aud unfired to the story of the hcrio3tn by which this superb dominion was won, and has been held in defiance of all adverse fortunes; until the last spark of romance has faded from materialised breasts, given over to the gospel of greed and selfishness, we must bo moved by tho marvellous panorama which history has unrolled across the Himalayan snows, and along the valleys of their might rivers. Beethoven's inarch iu the ruins of Athens suggests in sound just such barbaric splendor, fiery impetuosity, martial pomp and rhythmic sweep ol tribal movement, as are displayed in its romantic tale of invasion, conquest and revolt, the stirring and recurring cadence echoing in the ear long after throb of drum and clang of cymbal, incoming and outgoing like a tide, have grandly and gradually died away. It is truly a land of wonders and wild extremes, such as are depicted in the "Arabian Niehts" — a eomitrv of contrasts and contradictions, of splendor and poverty, profusion and barrenness, vicissitude and adventure, voluptuousness and mortiticatiou of the flesh. The lircs of a tropic sun kindle as well as wither, aud the cup of life, reck lessly filled to the brim of sensuous delecta tion, lias been drained to its dregs of bitter ness nowhere more deeply than in Hindu shades. Nowhere has the ascetic by pro tracted abstinences, ghastly penances aud frenzied self- mutilations sought more ruthlessly to wring light and lead ing from his own suffering. Nowhere does the abundance of life in earth, air aud water more amaze the sense and oppress the judgment; nowhere stagger millions of human beings, under heavier burdens, some of the heaviest self imposed- Nowhere is life more evidently the offspring and prophecy of death, for the land is marked with ruins as the sky with stars, aud the very villages arc built upon the sites of scores of others, melted to dust under the feet — fallen one after another like beads upon the rosary of time. By the hoary and weary age of India now stands the eager youth of these southern lauds, beholding, as if in a magic mirror, its rapidly passing throng of peoples, kingdoms, dynasties aud creeds that have succeeded and arc still succeeding eacli other in an apparently enuiess uuaui. mere is matter for meditation here. To-day Aus tralia is as full of hope as Asia of despair. Racially, socially, politically aud industrially far asunder as this poles, their geographical situation, bringing them face to face, may yet bring them hand to hand and mind to mind. They have much to teach each other. 