sws jrErar. At the adjourned monthly sittings of the Brisbane Licensing Board, held on "Wednesday, a transfer of the Redcliffo Point Hotol was granted from F. O. Fass to James Edwards. ■ The Commissioner of Police has been informed by telegram from Cooktown that the Musgravc police have recovered the property stolen by blocks during a recent raid on Kalkft station. The first number of The Keystone,^ new magazine issued from and neatly printed at the Model Printing Office, is to hand. It is ' unpretentious, and will therefore probably commend itself more than its predecessors. The first number contains a 'good portrait of Hon. A. C. Gregory. Mr. W. 33. Parry-Okeden, Under Colonial Secretary, paid a visit to the Quarantine Station, Peel Island, recently, with a view of seeing that the various buildings and their contents were in good order. It is understood that certain improvements in management will ; result from the visit. It is the intention of the Colonial Treasurer to introduce a bill early next session altering the constitution of the Marine Board. The bill will provide that the board shall bo composed of a chairman and eight members. One of the members of the board will bo a marine en gineer. At present the board is limited to a chairman and four members. j^j'Tn the Supreme Court on Wednesday, before Cs honour Mr. justice Harding, in the matter of the Touwoomba Deposit Bank and Land and Building Company. Mr. Fitzgerald, instructed by Messrs Hamilton and Hamilton, on behalf of the petitioning company, moved to adjourn the hearing of the petition for liquidation for i 14 days. An order was mode accordingly with leave to amend a defect in the title. It will be 1 earn© I with great interest that ; Dr. Hirachfield, honorary bacteriologist to the Brisbane General Hospital, has succeeded in finding the bacillus of influenza in the blood j of an influenza patient at the hospital. This Is the first find of this bacillus in Australia, bat it enables medical men to state definitely that tho influenza which has raged more or less in Australia during the past few months, is identical with the late European scourge. William Tucker was brought up at the South Brisbane Police Court on Friday morning, charged with . the larceny of a gun, the property of Thomas Wiley, of Hem mant. The evidence of the arresting constable was that when he asked defendant where he got the weapon, he said he did not know much about it as he was drunk at the time. He farther stated that he only played a practical joke on Mr. Wiley in taking the gun. Defend ant was remanded for a week on the application of the police. Bail was allowed, himself in £10 and one surety in £10. The ladies' reception saloon of the Arniwatta, s., was the scene of a very pleasing ceremony on Tuesday, March 1, at Sydney, when Mr. W. A. Boulton, the chief Bteward, was the recipient of a valedictory souvenir—a handsome and chaatelv designed salver of considerable value —on the occasion of his leaving the A.U.S.N. Company's service, in order to undertake the responsible position of manager of the Gros venor Hotel, Sydney. Mr. Boulton is well known to all voyagers along the Queensland coast, having been for six years chief steward in the A.U.S.N. Company. Previously Mr. Boulton was nine years in the Union Com pany's service. A gentleman who reached Bockhampton by the Cintra on February 28 informs the D.N. Argue that the ship's company were witnesses to an infrequent, but still for all that by no means unheard of, phenomenon when the Cintra was passing a headland midway between Sydnoy and Newcastle. The sky became ob scured, and swarms of crickets and locusts, coining from the direction of the land, made for the vessel, which in a short time was alive with tho pest, which invaded it by tho portholes and other apertures. Tho wholo slap's company turned to clear the docks and cabins, and great inconvenience was experienced before this could be effected. The young man James Bradley, charged with bulgarioualy entering the premises of Captain T. M. Almond, at Gladstone Place, Bowen terraee, early on tho morning of February 1, and stealing a gold watch and chain, several brooches, a silver watch, a sovereign, and a purso, valued in all at £28, was again brought up on remand at the City Police Court on Friday, before Messrs. P. Pinnock, P.M., and J. Savage. No further evidenco was offered. Aocused was formally charged, and in reply said ho bad witnesses to call, but reserved nis ■ defence for the higher court. He was accord ingly committed to take his trial at the next sittings of the Supreme Court, to commence on Aprils. The general meeting of members of the Mutual life Association of Australasia was held | on tho 3rd instant at the principal office, Sydney, when the 23rd annual report wus submitted i and unanimously adopted by a large gathering j of policy-holders. The report shows that j during the 12 months under review very sub stantial progress has been tnade, and notwith standing dull times and increased competition, the new business has been well maintained, tho | renewal income largely increased, and the ex pense rate very materially reduced. These are features which indicate good and careful management. The funds now in lmnd amount to £8T4,000, having bccu increased during the year by no less a sum than £76,678, while tho total yearly revonuo has been raised | to over £200,000. The valuation report, which has been completed in a remarkably short time, and was presented to the members with the j annual roport, shows, after a most stringent pure premium valuation under tho HM tables, a large surplus of assets over liabilities, which wjllprovido reversionary bonuses to tbe amount of £95,000. Tho bonus certificates, wo are interacted, will bo ready for issue to the mem bors'fluring May next# It ia understood that a requisition will be | presented, to Mr. B. H. Babbidge, of Salisbury, requesting him to contest the vacant seat at Bulimba, in opposition to the Hon. J. R. Diokson. I Mr. Frederick Linthwaite, who has held the position, of locomotive superintendent of the j Central Roilwuy for 21 yearn, now retires, under j section 21 of the railway regulations, he being over 60 years of age. Mr. Linthwaite has been j 2G years in the Queensland railway servico. The members of the Brisbane Harmonic : Society journeyed to Dunwich on last Friday, in the e.s. Otter, as the guests of the Hon. W. 5\. Wilson, and gave their usual annual enter tainment to the inmates of the institution. The society was aided in its efforts by Messrs. Marlor, R. Preston, and Gilligan, and the pro gramme provided was very much appreciated by the old folks. Splendid weather prevailed, and the trip was a most enjoyablo one. Mr. M'Kay succeeded in capturing a large alligator in ms trap in Kind's Creek, and it was conveyed to town on Sunday last. Unfortu nately for the owner (says the Gerald ton Advocate of February 25), the animal died whiht being towed up the river. Had he lived Mr. M'Kay would have completed his contract with the trustees of the Melbonrne Exhibition, but will now have to set to work again. Much sympathy is felt for Mr. M'Kay, for through the death of the brute he is £75 out of pocket. : Mr. Sampson skinned the alligator and the remains were thrown in the river to make food for his fellows. There was a large audience at the Free Methodist Church, Ann street, on Wednesday to witnoss a scries of tableaux vivonts represen tative of ficenes in Biblical history. The rostrum was, by means of flags and boards, transformed into a kind of stage. The per sonages were represented by a number of young I ladies and one or two yotmg men connected j with the church, all of whom must have expended much time and trouble in preparing the 14 tableaux represented. It cannot be pretended, however, that all were historically correct in regard to the costume. For instance, Adam and Eve, Cain and Abel and their wives w— attired in white flowing garments. The annual general meeting of the City and | Suburban Building and Iu vestment Society, Brisbane, was held at the society's offices on Friday. Of the directors the Hdn. ~W~ Petti grew, M.L.C. (chairman), Messrs. Edgar W. Walker, S. W. Brooks, Robert Bulcook, and F. Shaw wore present, and about 40 members also attended. The fourteenth annual report I of the Board of Management for the year ended | December 31, 1891, which was taken as read, was udanimonsly adopted. Messrs. Robert ! Bnlcock and S. W. Brooks were re-elected | directors for a term of three years. There were 12 candidates for the vacant auditorship, caused by the retirement of Mr. Arthur E. Cornell, and the ballot resulted in favour of Mr. A. C. Wylie, who was declared elected j for two years. The Chairman intimated that the bonus would be payable next day. The managers of the Graziers' Butchering Company have certainly adopted a satisfactory I system of supporting the Brisbane Hospital. 1 It is a role in their establishment that every j employee shall give his first day's pay every year to this institution, and the result is a very satisfactory one. Last year the sum of £85 3s. 8d. was received by the committee in this j form, besides £40 added by the partners response to the appeal for special aid, thus, with the Government subsidy, making up the I very respectable total of £875 Us., or nearly | 4 per cent of the gross income of the hospital j through this channel. Yesterday the employers forwarded the sum of £57 as an instalment of their contribution for the year 1S92. If other j houses would follow in these steps the insti- j tution, which is now passing through a hand to-mouth existence, would be in the flourishing condition that such a charity should enjoy. At the usual fortnightly meeting of the 1 committee of the Brisbane General Hospital I held on Tuesday, March 8, the following deaths j were reported: Ellen Lewis, aged 45, admitted February 14, died February 21; Arthur Harri son, aged 35, admitted February 21, died Feb ruary 21; Dew Gong (Chinese), aged 31, admitted February 8, died February 25; Tommy Arobrym (South. Sea Islander), aged I 28, admitted February 10, died February 25 ; Ah Fook (Chinese), aged 45, admitted Feb ruary 3, died February 26; Edwin William Barter, aged 22, admitted October 26, 1891, died February 27; Thomas Webber, aged 20, admitted February 20, died March 1; Alfred Charles Sloper, aged 24, admitted December 28, 1891, died March 1; Martha Livesoy, aged 78, admitted February 11, died March 2; Isaac Shaw, aged 45, admitted February 25, died March 2; Henry Fairbrother, aged 35, ad mitted January 29, died March 3. In response to a numerously signed petition the Hon. J. R. Dickson has consented to allow himself to be nominated as a representative of the eletcoral district of Bulimba in the Legis lative Assembly, to fill the seat vacated by the retirement of Mr. J. F. Buckland. In hi address, Mr. Dickson says that the present Parliament should confine its attention to such urgent matters as the resumption of Polynesian recruiting for tropical field industries, to be ex tended for 10 years certain, the meat export question, increased economy in public depart ments, in which payment of members might he suspended duriug the next Parliament, or reduced bo as to cover actual expenses only, and the question of land grant-railways. Before he am pronounce an opinion on the merits of land-grant railways he requires a clearly defined interpretation of what is rneaut j by the use of tho pliraso. If by the expression be meant the substitution of payment by grants of land, subject to certain safeguards to the State, for paymentin specie, the railways being the property of tho Government, but worked by the contractor for a certain period, then he could safely assent to tho principle. Ho is opposed to the total discontinuance of immi gration, although there may be valid reasons at present for a temporary suspension. Mr. Dickson promises to meet tho electors shortly, when ho will explain his yiewe more folly. An epidemic of influenza ia now being ex perienced at the Benevolent Asylum, Dunwich. It was just noticeably frequent about a fortnight ago, and it has almost entirely been confined, to the female inmates. The number of cases on Monday was 54, the highest total yet readied, and in nine instances there was added tho com plication of pneumonia. A very old woman died on Sunday from tho laatnamed complaint. A considerable quantity of laud in various parishes within a short distance of Brisbane was thrown open for conditional and unconditional selection at tho Land Commissioner's office yes terday. The total applications numbered 17, of which 9 were for conditional and 8 for uncon ditional selection. They were distributed as fol low: Beerwah,3 ; Conond≤, 8 ; Caboolture, 1; Logan, 3; Canning, 1; and Stapylton, 1. In only two cases was there competition for the selections.. The area token np is slightly over 2,000 acres. Some time ago (says the Lockycr Star) a number of gentlemen discovered a large deposit of blue and white marble near Gat km, on Government property An effort is about to be made to work the property by a syndicate. Hie proposal is to manufacture lime, the marble being of a good quality, and the close proximity to town a groat factor towards its suc cess. Overtures are being made to competent managers, and an estimate will shortly be sub mitted in prospectus form. It is not considered improbable that the deposit of marble may lead up to the discovery of more valuable mineral deposits. For some years the distribution of the smn set apart by Parliament for chari table relief in Brisbane has been in the hands of a committee or board of old and well trusted citizens. It was felt, however, that now the Government Labour Bureau has proved to be so exceedingly useful on institu tion, its operations might be extended. Ac cordingly, the Cabinet have decided that in future the distribution of those funds allotted to Brisbane shall be mode through the Labour Bureau, and directly under the con trol of the Government officials. The amount set apart for the purposes of the Brisbane Belief Board lost year was £1,500. The Minister for Mines was waited upon when in Charters Towers recently by a deputa tion, who asked that Mr. W. Thompson, mineralogioal lecturer, might not be removed from tbe field, but that he should be re turned there and continue his lectures. Mr. Hodgkinson Bold, in reply, that he had not previously known that there was any intention of removing Mr. Thompson or of dispensing with his services. With reference to the lectures, the Minister has now intimated that they are to be continued. Mr. Thompson's lectures have in the past excited much interest, and have been attended by all classes. Two murders by aboriginals occurred on Cresswell Downs Station, near the Queensland border, on South Australian territory, late in February. The station blacks, with a tribe of wild blades, attacked the station, and of the hands two white men, named Clarke and Deloitte, were murdered. A strong feeling was aroused in the neighbour hood, and the available police in the district of Anthony Lagoon, in company with a number of settlers, started in pursuit. Tho Queensland police were communicated with, in oousequence of the difficulty in obtain ing information direct by the South Australian authorities. Telegrams received on Saturday by the Commissioner of Police, state that the avenging party camo into collision with the blacks, several of whom were shot dead. A strong party of settlers is still pursuing the aboriginals. Archibald Downs, who, with his wife Catherine, was on June 8, 1891, sentenced to seven years' . penal servitude, by his honour Sir Charles Lilley, C.J., for arson, died in the hospital at the penal establishment, St. Helena, on February 4, from dysentery. He was found guilty of setting firo to liis dwelling-house, on the Doshon Estate, Woolloongabba, on November 1, 1890, with intent to defraud certain insurance companies. Downs was admitted to the prison hospital on January 29. He was afterwards visited and proscribed for daily by Dr. Wray, the visiting surgeon. A warder was with bim continually, and he was watched at night by the assistants. He died at 10 p.m. onFobruary 4, the cause of death being certified to as exhaustion following dysentery. Downs was buried in the prison cemetery early on the following day. An inquiry into his death was held at the island by Mr. Thomas "SVeedon, J.P., on February 19. It is understood that Mrs. Downs, a few months ago, gave birth to a child which has since died. Some statements Have been made regarding the fishing: record of jRedcliffe, and an enthu siastic disciple of Izaak Walton has sent us on account of how he spent a portion of his holiday—apparently the greater portion— fishing at iiedcliffe, and the suocess which attended his efforts. The holiday extended over six weeks, from January 18 to March I. The "gentle art" was indulged in for 250 hours out of the 42 days, an average of between five and six hours a day. The total number of fish caught was 1,892, a number which strangely coincides with the number of the present year. Of this number, 1,616 were caught with the rod, and 276 hy other means. Tho total weight of the fish caught was 681 lbs., the largest number landed in one day being 147. Tho largest fish caught was a rock cod, 13.}- lbs., which was caught with a rod off Sutton's Beach on IVbruary 28\. Out of tho 42 days there were only 13 days when tho wind was north-oast or favourable for good fishing, the wind on the remainder of tho days was against heavy hauls, being east and south-east. Our correspondent adds, "Add to tho above timo an average of two hours per day, or 84 hours spent in procuring bait— delving for worms — and I think pretty good use was made of the vacation." No one will deny tho assertion, not even the early bird, who could hardly havo been. able to catch the first worm during the six weeks referred to. CTmi8fon'5r oi Police has been advised that tho Cingalese Agoria, -who was arrested at Georgetown the other day for attempting to commit a rape upon a married womatTnaied Jjewi% has been committed for trial. - Nicholas Trelfall was again brought no or, ™ mandat the South Bn.CS ffi^ Monday having stolen two steers, the pro perty of Thomas Lyons, of Hemmant, on or about January 24 last. After further w.'T® Ar .?C end defence had been heard, the defendant was committed for trial to the next sittings of the Supreme Court to i? e5 ™ ?riabaIie on April 6. jBail allowed, himself in £80 and one surety in £80. On Friday, March 4, a man named Thomas » •ue nspiofnient of James Nicholls, of Eight-mUe Plajns, while cutting sweet potato tops with tho sickle, was bitten by a birge black snake on the left arm. He and his dog* killed the reptile. There beings no one ex ceptmg his employer's son at home at the time, toe assistance of a llr. Alcock was obtained. Barker was kept awake by doses of brandy, until two bottles of liquor had been consumed! The assistance of Mr. Alcock enabled Barker to recover. A fire broke out on the A.U.8.N. Company's steamer Maranoa, which is moored in the Garden Beach, at about 2 o'clock cm Tuesday afternoon. TheMaranoaisatpresentlaidnp and is in charge of a watchman, Thomas Byrni. He discovered the fire and extinguished it with assistance before serious damage was done. The Central and South Brisbane Fire Brigades an swered the alarm, but their services were not re quired. The fire broke out in the wheel T36' „wlucl1 contains a chart locker and the steam steering apparatus. There was also a (ray containing rockets, port fires, flags, field glasses, and boat compasses, ine whole of these were more or less damaged before the fire was put out. It was found there were traces of rats in the chartroom. There is, therefore, not much doubt hut that the fire was caused by the rodents getting at the matches. ©During a recent visit of Hr. "W. E. Parrv Qkedep, who waa accompanied by- his son, to punwich and other Government establishments in Moreton Bay, those gentlemen took two doge, a pointer and a fox terrier, with them. While at Peel Island, " Grip," the fox-terrier, was lost, and search for the animal being fruit less he was reluctantly left behind. Two days later the steamer Otter was lvineat the wharfat Dunwich, andduringthedaythecaptainandcxew were astonished to see the missing terrier swim ming across the channel towards the settlement The distance between Peel Island andDnnwieh is about 4 miles, Bird Wand lying between the two places. At the time a strong current was running, and it is thought that at least five ■ J"??' T0 bcen covered before Grip reached Dunwich. The cireumstanees would indicate that the animal had the sagacity to know that the steamer once reached he would be safe. The terrier is now in his master's care. A meeting of the committee of management was held at the National Hotel on the 3rd in tant, at 8 p.m. for the purpose of paying over the prizes to the successful winners at the tug-of war held at Breakfast Creek. Alderman J. A. Clark was voted to the chair. After reading the names of the prize-winners with amounts of prizes, he spoke in very high terms of the successful way the affair was carried out—-not one hitch occurring through the whole con test. The first prize, £100, was presented to the captain of the Norwegian team. The second prize, £50, was presented to Cap tain Carroll, of the Irish team. The third pnzo, £30, was paid to the captain of tho German team. The fourth prize, £15, was paid to the captain of the Swedish team ; and the fifth prize, £5, was handed to the captain of th® Danish team. The captains expressed their thanks to the management on receiving the prize money. A subscription list was opened in the room on behalf of the French man who was injured during the contests, and about £10 was oollected. hTessrs. Charles C. Jnines and Joseph Heath, South Brisbane, have patented an adjustable horse collar and hames combined which they claim has several advantages over the ordinary collar and hames. The patented article con sists of a brass-mounted plate of mild steel to which the traces are attached, and it is padded with hair and leather. A removable gullet enables the oollar to be altered in depth from " 19 to 16£ inches. "With these collars any horse can be fitted. At the throat the collar is fastened either by a strap or a spring hook, and there is no pressure on the horse's windpipe. Tho leather oi the padding can be unlaced, and the hair shifted as sores or other causes may necessitate. There are no hames of the ordinary kind, and the collar is lighter tbnp the two articles usually employed. The patentees state that several horse-owners have spoken favour ably of their invention, and intend to give it a a trial. ^ It will bo manufactured at about the same price as an English collar and hamas. A question of some importance to the public was decided in Chambers on Friday before his Honour the Chief Jnstice under subsection 4 of section 5 of the above Act. Messrs. H. B. Lilley and Cowiishaw, solicitors, having tendered a bill of sale for registration in the Supreme Court, which was made in considera tion of a less sum than £50, but- securing further advances, were refused on the grounds that the eonsiderationwas a limited principal sum not exceeding £50 under the said sub section 4 of section o, and should a.cordingly be registered iu the office of the clerk of petty sessions. "Being dissatisfied with this construc tion of the Act, they appealed to his honour the Chief Justice for an interpretation of tho abovementioued subsection, and he decided that where a bill of sale is given, and further ad vances is a part of the consideration, it is not security for a limited principal sum and does not come within tho said subsection, and should bo registered in tho Supreme Court. It is understood that a number of bills of sale containing a fiimikr consideration have been improperly registered in tho office of the clerk of petty seasons. 