GENERAL NEWS. The Queen has commanded Lord Knutsford to express regret at the loss of so loyal and able a public servant as Sir Alfred Stephen, who has resigned the Lieutenant-Governorahip of New South I ales. Numerous distinguished persons have viewed h. 'dy of the late Duke of Clarence. Parnell, widow of the late Mr. 0 S P.r U `."a the Irish people not to accept tie ....1 . "ce " Mr. Gladstone. The m.nster-printers in Germany have intro duced 2000 non-unionists to replace the unionist. printers on strike. The Irish Land Purchase Act is proving a failure, the land-lords refusing to sell their estate on the terms provided by the measure. Don't forget that the AOE Jobbing Department is run by really practical men who can turn out work far superior to any other Jobbing Office in the district.± A. Mr.. Perry, a property agent at Clare, Ireland, was shot at by three man when riding to 4turch on Sunday. He was badly wounded in. the thigh. and his horse was shot dead under him.. Two arrests have been made. New South WVales 4 per cent. Treasury bills to thiarmount of £1,250,000 have been placed in London at the minimum of £99 10s. During the ceremony of blessing the waters at Tikis, Russia, a wooden bridge-collapsed and a Iartej.nuunber of people were Oillcd, being either drowned or crushed to death. 1.. Kidd hopes that he will succeed in pass. ing the Local Option Bill through the Assembly next session. Wi.- F. Farnell, M.P., says that it is of no use for a young man to aspire to any position in the culpny if he is not a total abstainer. 1If.. G. Gormly, the Australian amateur chamnpion swimmer, succeeded on Tuesday in lowering the world's record for 200yds and 250y4cs , the respective time being 2mitn 22sec. and 2min. 38seo. Thd 500yds. swimming championship of the coluiniy was won on Tuesday night by Ernest Oavill, he having a clear lap to the good, and doing the distance in Omitn. 53see. I.iiinis last year 190 immigrants arrived in the colony all having been nominated in the colony. Of this number 107 were above 12 years of age. At Bendigo (Vic.) on Tuesday Mrs. Cook, evidently insane, deliberately murdered lihr buy aged seven, by striking him on the hand with an axe:. ehe laid that he had been studying too hard and, required a rest. Tho Commercial Banking Company of Sydney on Tuesday declared a dividend at the rate of 25p'es cent. per annum and placed £10,000 to the reserve fund. Ip Landoh 270: deaths have been registered [com influenza. The mortality is principally among the aged, but the' upper classes are especially severe sufferers. The influenza epidemic is aibating.on the con tiijfnt of Europe. The Pope is suffering from a slight attack. -Fighting has taken placo in Pursia hetween the pplaulcO and the Government. troops. T.w, hunmlred of the rebels and 60of the ,uiiitary were killed. IMr. Rudyard Kipling, the nive- list, has married Miss Caroline Balestier, of New York. TIIfi funeral of the lata Duke of Clarence took place in St. George's Chnpel, Windsor, on WVed n s~laly. All the rulers of the Great Powers of Europo were represented. Thn Prince of Wales walked the thireo milea fi is'Sinidringhani Church to Wolferton railway statiib on WVulnesday, following the corpse of his elder-at son.t Tho Loiidqun Daily Telegraph regarls as offen sivothe propoial to convert wedding presents into a national dowry for the Princess Mary of Tack. The Bank iof England; rate of dismount has beets reduced from 3I to 3 per cant. " -he new P:rtuguese Premier says that the deciiidenee of national industries is owing to the alijence of protection. 'he half-yearly report of the Bank of South Atistralia sh olw profits amounting to £21,000. A 10 per cant. dividend is recommended. You tire invited to i'ispeota the Anic Steam Priniting Works. Coine .and see for yourselves whiat we turn out.* The Pariellite members in the house of Coin mnadia have decided to continue toanot as a separ ate.party. ,hu funeral of the hato Cardinal Manning took pldes on Thursday. Her Majesty the Queen has cabled her sincere thaniks t". the members of the Assembly for their address of cndolence tit the death of the Duke of Olarence. The output of coal from the Newcastle anoeiated lines last year was 1,498,258 tons. The Newcastle non-asnociated collieries will nflici'ally notify ona Saturday that they will pay no more than 4s 10d as the hewing rate. :intther attempt. is being made by the central enriinmittes of the Labor League to reunite thm, Pailiamentary Labour Party. Ear the season of 1891-02 the estimated area harvested for grain in the colony was 314,205a., thir'tl.- ln being 3 00..(1100 bushels, or an average yield ptir acreuof 12'S bushels. jtitu total amount of salaries paid to school teachers last year wtis £490.204~ l4s Sd. T3ininess loon, get your printing chine at the Aosh 'ohllco. A nythsing fromn m threo-sliie ;osnir tiown to a visiting earl can hue got out at-thsi shrtost outice antd itt a really tirst-olasn maurter.1 TlG eatimateil deficincy of grain for consurop' thin :in the colony for 18111-92 is 3,805,C000 bushiilel. lihe wheat importeti into New South Walhes ditii-im 1801 amounted to 902.000 bushels, antd tif floor enoiveleot td 3,200.000 bushels. At: the end of last year there were 434 mem hers n the Now South Wales Railway and Trantway Ambulance Corps. Mr. Eddy says that the Railway Commit. st1oners have every interest in getting as much wdrk as possible done in the colony. - The potice force in Nuw South WVales numbers 19Ilin members. Lest year the superannuation panable aggregated £3272 7s Sd. 'TnSydney last year 8507 persons were arre-. ted for drunkenneps. Ceidinal Moran is mentioned as the probable successor to Cirdinal Manning. The Antwerp wool sales were opened on Thursday. Twelve hundred hales of River Plata wool were sold at a reduction of ,}d per lb. on the prices at the last series. At the London wool saleo, which open on Tuesday next, it is expected that Lhe November prices will be maintained. Auitrallan factory butter is selling in London at 120. per owt. The market Is fully supplied. Mr. Barton, Attvrney-General, delivered an address at the now Masonic-hall on Friday night on the political situation. He declared that there was no section of the House se afraid of the verdict of the people as the present oppral. Lion. MARRIED LADIES without children should consult, (free by letter) HERR RASMUSSEN, the celebrated Danish Herbalist, E3x 208 General Post Office, Sydney. Sond self-addressed 4d. stamped envelope for valuable book. 