Local and General. MILLS and Colobester, bankers, of London, show a deficit of £193,000, VALtTOaLE seams of coal have boon dis covered in Northamptonshire. MEBarn S of the Naval Brigade will muster at the drill-shed to morrow evening. Two British have been despatched to Tangier to quell the rising of the hill tribes at that place. Toe work of laying on the water for the use of ships at the Queen's Wharf was started yesterday. IT is aeported that Germany has oeored to arbitrate in the diffioulty betroon Ohili and the lnited Statro. THU boeque Jveline, which arrived yes. terday from Capetown, had a lengthy and boisterous passage extending to 60 days. PARLEYIIG is being carried on in Berlin, with ths objeel of arranging for an exohango in Russian cereals and German textiles. TezIaTercerNo persons have been drowned in conrequence of a steamboat accident on the Iiver Columbia in British Columbia. THEz ship Latimer, on arrival yesterday from Bio Jansiro, was placed in quarantine, in acrordence with the quarantine regula. tions. Mu. FIsonR, the popular manager of the Toronto Hotel, has taken the Bolmont Hotel, where, no doubt, his old friends will follow. ONE-TwVELFT of the population of Fin. land is starring. The famine is causing tor. rible suffering and privation amongst the peasantry. A SaeAan named Ernest Holdsworth fell from aloft and was killed on the voyage of the ship Latimer, which arrived yesterday Irom tlio Janoiro. LEoroLD IL,, the King of the Belgians; is suffering from an atteok of influenza. The Czarina of Bussia is recovering from an attook of the epidemic. IN the aor~heonst of Chine marauding bands of peasactry are overrunning the country, massacring the Mongole, and destroying their temples. A MooxLIGnH concert will be given by the members of the Fourth Regiment Band, in the eowoastle Oricket Ground, on Thurs day evening, January 14th. D trcIao 1891 the haulage of coal over the Government railways t, the dyke amounted to 2,2B0,08D tone 15fiwI 2qr, being an increase over 1890 of 5d7,548 tons l0Ocwt. TEe Wickham and Bullook Island miners held a special meeting yesterday, when they rejected several of the delegate board's miantes, and adjourned until to- day. BSnnvous will be hold to-night, in connecr tion with the week of united prayer, at the Primitive Methodise Church, Brown-street, and the Wiekham Primitive Methodist OCurch. Owise to his absence from Neweastle, Ex commander Crose was unable to attend the local military social on Baturday night last. He, however, wrote wishing all old comrades every success. SHOnTLY before 6 o'olock yesterday morn ing the wood-working factbry of Mr. J. R. Rodgers, situated near the Oricket Ground, was burnt to the ground, the damage done azcreding £2000. AT a speoial meeting of the whole City Council yesterday afternoon it was decided not to take over the electrio light plant et present owing to the wosatisfactory workiog of the light latterly. A OOLLIsIow has occnrred in the English Chanoel between the Orient liner Oroya, outward bound, and a Danish schooner, the result being that the schooner was sunk and the eaptaic drowned. AT a speoial meeting of the Wickham and Bullook Island miners yesterday the action of the Wallsend men in cessing work was upheld, and the minute from the delegate board on the subject rejected. Tra export of wool from the port to the United Kingdom and intercolonial ports for 1891 amounted to 64,859 bales, valued at £1,057,815. being an increase on that of 1890 of 19.039 bales, or in value £279,843. ONLY three cases of drunkenness came before the Police Couit yesterday morning, one being a woman. Two of the three, in oluding the woman, were sent to gaol for 24 and 48 hours. respsotively; the third paid his foie. NMEanous obstacles are placed by the proposed new Russian immigration laws in the way of foreigners desiring to setle in the Empire of the OCar. These regulations are considered tol be directed mainly against the Germans. A MEETING of Scotchmen only is to be held in the City Hall, Market Square, on Thursday night, at 8 o'o!ook, for the purpose of forming a Bootoh society in Newcastlo. Every Caledonian stern and wild is expected to be these. IN our advertising column, will be seen a notice requesting members, and intending members, of the Newcastle District Poultry, Pigeon, Canary and Dog Sooiety, to meet at Baker's Hotel, Blder-st., Lambton, to morrow evening, at 8 p.m. Mw. J. Lzoerg FEGAON, M.P. for New. castle, will address his cocetituents from the balcony of the Queen's Arme Hotel, Hamil ton, this evening, ab8 o'olock, and at various other divisions of the Newcastle* electorate dusing the remainder of the week. THE Emperor William of Germany will attend the golden wedding of the King and Queen of Denmark in May next, in the hope of meeting the Osar of unssia, who has signi Led his intention of being present. William seems particularly anxious to be chums with the Russian Bear. A MAN named George Brown was sentenced at the Police Court to seven days' hard labour at Maitland Gaol, for re fusing to pay sixpenoe for two glasses of beer, that he and his mate had drunk. At the rate of 10s a day, for work, those two glasses of beer have cost George £8 10s, or 85e a piece. Rather oxpenaive drinking for a labouring man. THE Ohief cashier of the Savings Bank at Budapest, the eapital of Hungary, has com mitted suicide, en consequence of the dias covery of an embezzlement committed by him of over a million florins. How differestly they arrange things in Australia. The embezzler, or embezzlers, lay all their plans beforehand, and then just before the storm breaks float off in some pslatially-furnishsd yacht with the coin safely packed away in the cabin, a pleasant oruise amongst the South Sea Islands with brief halts at such ports as England has no extradition treaty with, and then after the whole thing has blown over a quiet life of luxury on the ill gotten gains. We are undoubtedly far ahead of the Hungarians in matters of this kind. Con'Es of NOwOcastle Herald may be had at Mr. Nolan's store, Hannell-etreet, Wick ham. Teeze msrning, on the premises No. 4 off Brown-street, Mr. W. Wells wsll sell by suction household furniture and effects. MESESs. Creer end Berkeley will sell to-day the whole of the stook of fancy goods and toys which have lately been exhibited in Mr. Langer's Christmas Novelty Bazaar, No. lul Hunter-atreset. 