IMMIGRATION PROBLEMS. (Boulon Transcript.) A special committee, of which Senator Chandler was the chairman, was recently engaged in taking evidence in New York as to t he character of present immigration, with a view to formulating a policy xrbich shall be comprehensive enough to exclude the waste and refuse of Europe, which, if it is neither criminal nor pauper, is yet not a desirable addition to our population. Such a policy should bo.framed with great deliberation, and should be adopted only after the most care- ful consideration, not hastily, not in a spirit of panic, but as demanded alike by our national dignity and by national prudence In thc settlement of sae question, both the fanaticism which says no foreigners ought to be admitted, and the sentimentalism that says no foreigner should bc excluded, must be avoided if the settlement is to last. There is historic reason for tbe belief that the admixture of bloods is good for nations, that races that do not receive infusions of it be- come stagnant. But it is even moro apparent that there is a great difference between in- fusion and flooding. The race to which wc belong is a composite race, for the English of to-day have in their veins Saxon, Danish, French blood, and nevertheless are truly Anglo-Saxon. The assimilative power of the stronger stock has proved adequate to its preservation and predominance. The same ha's proved true of this country though ia the impatience of our Americanism we sometimes fail to see it.' But the assimilative powers of nations, as of individuals, need periods of rest, and the time for such « period in the case of the United States has osma From whatever point of view thc subject is regarded, the regulation of immigration is a question of expediency. It is in so scnBO a question of morals. The protect is often made that wc have no right to turn back immigrants. On the contrary, wc have the same rights as any other nation to adopt measures of social eua national protection. For ourselves we (have no fear that this country will become Earopeanisrid by immigration, but we do not «oe that this matter really enters into the aontidcration of the best means of shutting «ut those who are not desirable .citizens «if their native countries, and who arc not likely to bo desirable citizens of this. We arc under no moral or international obligation to hold this country as a dumping-ground far the European rubbish «bute. Why should die American taxpayer be «ailed upon to pro- vide u-cwitingent fund for the support of thc proittotiof European Pauperisation? On What ground «aa it ho held that we, who arc not responsible for the wretchedness, illiteracy, aud ouverts- of iminiirrunts. shall defrav theil Il URI durgOHï Far the adjustment of our inmigration laws so that lue valuable element shall he admitted aud the worthless excluded, anvendmcnt of some recent législation is necessary. Our contract-labour law excludes many men who would com« lier« lo work and have thc capa- bilities of industrious, thrifty citfeciiBhip, while thc loopholes by whidh Die undesir- able class, the people with just enough money to pay their fares tu au ulniBhouse may enter, arc in plain sight. Wc uro not thc only .country called upon to consider such pro- blems. Tiley ure (icrplesiug Englishmen, sud all tile more inteusely «tuco some of thc dependencies nf thc British Umpire have fol- lowed ibo American fashion (or will soon) hy enacting laws to exclude undesirable imini trrnntH. Cnimdn already has snell a law, and ni Queensland there ÍH a movement among tho working classes to prevent importation of foreign kbour into tile colony. It is not always polite to tell a man what you think of him. It is safer to tell it to somebody cUe, and ls just as eflectivo in moBt instances. i 