BRITISH TRADE IN 1891. COLONIAL INDUSTRIES. LONDON, 8th January. The following summary of British . trade in 1891 has been prepared by our London correspondent and tolcgmpbcd to us from Albany : — Tlio Baring crisis in November, 1890, formed a now starting point in British finance and trades. Fortunately tlio profound and far reach ing extent and inliuence of tlmt disaster was slowly realised. Tho year 1891 was perhaps tho most anxious year during the last quarter of a century. The consummate skill and immonso courngo of the Bank of England and the co-operating hanks mitigated the consequences. The worat is now probably ovor ; but the recovery will bo slow, and possibly extend over years. The volumo of tlio British oversea trade was about equal to that of 1890, hut tho proportion of exports nnd imports was soriously nltcied. Tho exports deorcascd by £16,250,000, tlio imports increasod £14,750,000, tho lattor boing largely due to tho higher price of food. America securing tlio biggest aliaro of tlio benefit of speculative business naturnlly felt the heaviest forco of tho Baring blow. Tho investing publio lost confi dence, and a shrinkage of values rendered securities unsaleable. The amount cleared at the London bankers' clearing iiouso shows a decrcnBO of 12i per cent., end a further' reduc tion is expeoted this year. . About 700 registered companies wound up during the year, and many, others wero forced to reconstruct. Tho number of companies placed on the market was much less than in previous years. A curious faot is that money was gcnoraliy abundant and cheap during .1891, the average rate being a frac tion ovor 3i per cent, against 4 per cent, in tho previous year, and 4i per cent, tlio year befoie. The rato was changed a dozen times to meet tlio changing phases ot tho situa tion. The monetary troubles of South Americn, Russia, Spain, Greece, Portugal, Italy, and in much lessor degree Franco and Germany, pro- vented the dreaded efilux of gold. The advance of some millions against the Baring scaurities, witii a comparative absence of speculation, kept London supplied with cheap money. Australia suffered severely during tho year. 'Tho Bank of England, with colonial hanks mid syndicates, helped samo partly subseiibcd colonial loahB through, but they are unlikely to repeat tlio assistanco unless under special terras tliis year. Hostile journals and writers in reviews have succeeded in considerably weaken ing colonial credit. It !b a grove mistake to sup pose that tlio educated investing classes are un affected by the critiaiBin of raspectnble publica tions. It is useless to deny that a fooling is provnlcnt that the colonies have ovor borrowed. Their vast natural wealth is admitted, but prudent government is disputed. Tlio mnrkot requires delicate handling during tho coming year. Tlio fluctuations during 1891 of Australian inscribed stock ranged from 7 to 10 per cent., Canada 7 per cent., Cape of Good Hopo 6 por cont., Natal 7 per cent., India 6 per cent., consols 3 por cent. Many European securities suffered more serious depreciation than . the colonial securities. The London registers of tlio colonial banks show tho effeot of tho severity of tlio timos, and it is doubtful whether in somo cases there wilt ovor bo a recovery of prices. The panics in Sydney and Melbourne, tho stoppage of land banks, and tho soandals conncotpd therewith, have Had surprisingly littlb effect on tho pripos' of colonial stooks.' The distinction between tho great solvent banks and other corporations,' and tho pseudo banks nud speculative building sooietics, was quickly- porceived, but tho suspensions helped to -provent tho suo- cess of now Venturas, Australian Company promoters had a bad year ill London, nnd underwriters and invostots would hardly glance at a colonial prospectus. Thoughtful financiers boiievo that prudent government including severe retrenchment will do much to reBtore colonial credit, provided borrowing is mini mised. - Increased production will nl.so bo a powerful factor in recovery. The now export ing industries nro watched with keen interest, and it iB hoped the immigration of small capi talists and real working men will he encouraged. The following is a review of colonial products in the London market : — , Wool- — Few speculators havo made monoy last year owiug to tlio decline ill prices. '.Tlio gross vnluo per bale of colonial wool is uow about £15, which is nearly 15 por cent, lower than the avcrago of 1890. Last year opened with consumeis generally hopeful of a more profitable trade tliun was realised. Tho latter half of year was very unprofitable, though the low prices- realised at the fourth and fifth ; scries induced a certain amount of speculative activity. Raw merino wool is relatively dear compared with current values of yarns and tops, nnd unless the export woollens materially improve during tlio coming : year, it ,is probable the prices of raw merino wiH rcoede ns tlio expected supplies from the colonics and River Plato reach Europo. Exception will possibly be found in good free combings, wbicli, owing to tho probable demand iu America, and also tho anticipated revival of exports of the best goods from America, may not soriously wenkon. Should public' taste change in favor of merino quality, inferior nnd shabby orossbreds will probably clionpen. Superior bright fine wools have good demqnd bocnuBo of small supplies. Wheat. — Siuco 1880 tho wheat area hn3 increased beyond requirement. The year 1891 was tho first year in which tho consumption overtook supply. The area is now stationary,' and it.is necessary to enlarge it to meet the demand of tho growing population. India will shortly require all for tlio home market. It is unccessary to give the fluctusitings of the English market for last year Btocks. At the oloao they amountod to noarly 2,000,000 quarters ovor tlioso of January. Californian was 6s. higher; Australian spot, 5s. to 8s.; Russian, 5s. to 7s.; Indian, 5s. . The imma- diato outlook of tho markot is favorablo to growers. Australian shipments of good quality nnd regular arrivals nro likely to maintaiu and possibly improve values till tlio approaoli of tho English harvest. The roduetion of tho Gorman duties causes froer purchases to roplaco. rye. Franco requires 1,000,000 quarters monthly till Septembor. "Other foreign demands are certain. Flour. — Tho flour market moved throughout the year in sympathy with wheat. Tho demand was steady, and supplies were full. It is expected that Franco will bo a large buyer until the harvest. SiioAi!.— The sugar market in England was. less "fluctuating than in previous years, the fluctuations liot exceeding 2s. 6d. per cwt. Several lots of Queensland sold at full relative values oompared with Mauritius dosoriptious. A few parcels of grainy, though scarcely good enough, showed excellent quality for refining. Tliegencralopinion is that higher all round prioos will be obtained during the coming year, includ ing Queensland products. Consequent on the gradual increase of consumption in Europo nnd America, and probably small stocks of beet, tlio great regulator of prioos, tho crop being more dependent on tlio weather than the extent, this year tho area is unlikely to ho reduced while present prices last. A good season would yiold an inoreaso of beet of 400,000 tons. The Btocks of sugar nro 102,000 tons, compared with 117,000 tho previous year. . Butter. — The tendoney of tho trade during tho pest season largely favors Australian de mand. The factories are the greatest factors of tho trade. The packing in several instances militated against business, owing to the placing of tho butter direat ill the boxes without covering," causing serious depreciation and making tlio butter unsightly. A remody for this is an absolute necessity, Several lower grades have been interspersod with the higher, and this caused serious fluctua tion. It is necessary to overcome preju dice, and to send the best brands. Vic toria lias suffered cspocinlly from the practice of sending old and inferior butter branded with faucy marks. It was sug gested that stops should bo taken to stop any such brand on more grease and make shippers liablo to a penalty. It is necessary to prevent the mingling of the butters of different dairies in the same box. Small buyers object to the unreliable streaky and ovorcolored butter, which is almost unsaleable. Tho salt used is sometimes of inforior quality, being gritty, and this bos caused some lots of buttor to be unsaleable or if sold it lias brought very low prices. The sea son's shipments for Cauadn and tho United States were small and ate likely to bo smaller owing to increasing local consumption. It is difficult tomako any definite statement as to tho probable quantity that will bo absorbed next season, but brokers are unanimous in stating that thero is an unlimited markot for tho best factory butter of Australia, this butter tho past soason is steadily and surely beating tho Irish, Dutch and tho Normandy. Mer chants and brokets oulogise the efforts of the Victorian experts. The supplies of Danish, Dutch, Fronch and Bweodish wero largost from April to September, when the prices ruled lowest, rcaehing 60s. to 70s. 'Octo ber is the most advisable month for Australia to commence in ordor to arrivo at tho ond of April. Shippers should necessary aim at regu lar weekly supplies. 'Tho past season's irregu larities were disappointing, and a loss to tradess. It is Advisable in Rending that tho samo fac tories should employ the samo broker throughout the season. The London demand for grass fed buttor is best. Victorian factories realised highest prices, standard quality. Un limited shippings noxt season may doublo or treble with safety, end othor ndvantnges may accrue. Grasmcre, Farnham, Fresh Food and Foozen brands commanded largest salo. Best prices rangod for dairy butters. Milled, 100s. to 108s. ; common dairy milled, 90s. to 92s. These aro nearly always unsaleable, nnd only owing to soaroity of American, a drop of 20s. or 25s. may come at any moment. Factory, 116s. to 124s., somo lots 1263. to 128s. Last year factories, 108s., 118s.; dairy, 96s., 100s. Quan tities expected from Continent likely reduced. Roturns of imports not mndo up yet. Closing prices -Prime Danish ranged from 136s., 142». ; Normandy, 106s., 126s.; Fricslaud, 116s., 124s.; Brittany, 96s., 110s. Frozen Meat. — Tho general tone and ten dency of tho market good. Stooks are con gested owing to the commitment of the colonies beyond tiio requirements, which has caused many forood solos. Supplies of Australian and river plate dwindled at tho ond of tho year, enabling an advance in prices. Stocks at tlio closo of the year were heavier tbttd in 1890 by large. New Zealand mutton held the premier position in quantity nnd quality, but tlio average quality was lower than the quality in 1890. It is considered advisable no longer to delay in getting rid of merjnoes because the growing competition of Australia and River Plate renders it desirable that New Zealand should direct her entire energies to the shipment of prime orossbreds. For months past prime River Plato mutton lias been a taith- lng a pound higher than Now Zealand merino leading to great confusion in tlio minds of consumers. Australian qualities woro well maintained, many showed improvement. Queensland has a big future provided that prime carcases only nro shipped. The River Plato sliipmonts aro dccidcdlv improved. The Now Zoaland system of grading is regarded as n success, and deserves general adoption. Tlio experiences of the yoar emphasises the demand .of a guarantee for reasonable regularity in qualities shipped under brands. It is abso lutely osscntial to ensure satisfactory distribution of consignments and Bavc charges of shippers. Steps to meot this want would tend enormously to develop trade. Cargoes during the past year arrived in fair condition. Experiments in ship ping mutton and voalin skins proved unsuccessful. The tallow market, featureless and void, and speculation prices oloso somewhat under a Id. Fino Australian mutton rangod trora 27s. 6d., at tlio opening of the. year to 29s. 3d. in April, closing at 26s. 0d. Bcof tallow opened at 26s., reaching 27s. 3d. in May, nnd closing at 25s. 9d. Homo, tallow priceH aro practically unchanged, if anything slightly lower. The supplies of homo tallow woro short throughout tho year. Tho total quantity now nrrived in London was 91,000 casks. Island, 880 ; North America, 3300 ; others, 500 ; -lialanco supplied — Australia, 56,190; ami New Zealand,' 20,976. The future depends on the supply, of tlio homo produce. Should Aus tralasian supplios remain normal it is unlikely there will bo serious changes in prices during the year. Gold operations show an increase of over £7,000.000 sterling over 1890, tlio total being £30,000,000, and enabled the Bank of England to return £4,500,000 to Russia. Portugal gavo the largest increase, £6,000,000 ; Australasia, £4,500,000 ; South Africa produced £2,500,000, an inotenso of £500,000. The silver market for tho year was disappoint ing. Prices showed a gradual decline, which was accounted for by the want of demand from India, together with tlio increase of sup plios. A strong general opiuion is held that prices will not go much lower, and dividend paying mines aro engaging a larger amount of attention.. The greatest confidence is manifested in shares in locally managed com panies with small capitals, such as Sunbrush and Golden Gate, and it is likely they will excite miich grcoter interest in the future. The pros pects of . the coming yoar favor a general revival in the mining markot, provided swindles aro not issued. 