SUMMARY. Londou financiers do not approve of the projected issue of £1,000,000 worth of Trea sury bills by the Government of New South Wales. The Economist says that the New South Wales lundeel stock scheme will relieve fears us to the condi wiou of the Australiau bor rower. Major-General Edwards nrges the Colonial Oflicc to appoint some high military official Governor of Tasmania. Thirty gentlemen have applied to the Bri tish Government for the Governorship of Tasmania. Dr. Usher, of Melbourne, is studying cholera inoculation under the dircetiou of M. Pasteur at Paris. Mr. Sage, a South Australian vigneron, thinks that the Australian wine trade in England will increase if greater care is taken in lie selection of vines and the best grapes are used. The Cirencester scat in the House of Coin mons lias been won by Mr.- -Marlcr. Conscr" valive. The late Mr. Wintcrbothain, Gladj stone Liberal, was elected at the last genera election. Mr. .Fit/gibbon says that several banks will each tender for £50,000 of the Melbourne Metropolitan Board of Works loan. Count Kalnoky says that the Triple Alliance is .simply a defensive one, and that nothing lurks behind it. He asserts that the prospects of Europe arc calm. Two thousand Lusliai Chins arc preparing to attack Fort White, Upper Burmah. The British force in the vicinity is said to be small. The P. and 0. steamer Bokhara, from Shanghai to Hongkong, is overdue, and it is feared that she has been lost in a typhoon. The Brazilian Government are inviting 1,000,000 immigrants to the country. The British Board of Trade advises intending emigrants not to go to Brazil. Serious floods are being experienced in Yorkshire and in North Wales, causing the ruin of the crops. General Li Hung Chang, the Chinese Prime Minister, is reported to he insane. The Irish leaders have decided to place the funds lying in Paris hanks under the control of a committee of the Irish National party. Cholera has broken out in the city of Haimchow, in China, and hundreds of people are dying daily. The crew of a Danish schooner wrecked on the English coast saved themselves by swimming eight miles to a lightship. A Royal Commission has been appointed to investigate the alleged wrongs of tuo evicted tenants in Ireland. The Financial News says that the Full Court decision in the Queensland Investment Company's ease docs not prove that suffi cient security was obtained for the company's advances. Silver is quoted in London at 3s 3£d per oz. In the Australian Banking Company cases at the Central Criminal Court on Saturday, Scott, Mathcy, Martin and Hurley were acquitted, but the jury failed to agree with respect to Abigail, M'Namaru and Nathan. Tho jury in the Australian Banking Com pany eases were out nearly 15 hours before they found Scott, Mathev, Martin and Hurley not guilty, and 23 hours before announcing their disagreement concerning the other accused. Sydney Dixon, a lawyer's cleric, found guilty at the Melbourne Sessions of embezzle ment, was on Saturday sentenced to seven years' imprisoument. Seventeen summonses have been issued against Mr. Mansfield, secretary of the Vic torian Seamen's Union, each charging him with persuading a particular seaman to leave the steamer Gabu. Mr, Howell asserts that the 30 or 40 men employed on contract on the kaolin stopes in . tho Proprietary mine are breaking as much ore .us 130 men used to do on day wages. At the Caulficld Cup race meeting on Saturday the Maiden Plate was won by Calculus, the Nursery Handicap by Wangu- liclla, the Selling Kacc by Submission, the Steeplechase by Pilot, and the Windsor Han dicap by Ascot Vale. Two "old hands," Alfred Arundale and Richard Paytcn, were each sentenced to six months' hard labor at Parraniatta on Satur day for an attempted burglary. Mr. Howell, manager of tiie Broken-hill mine, says that during Friday some of tho most competent miners on the field returned to work. The Koora woolshcd, Blackall (Q.), and 115 bales of wool were destroyed by fire early on Saturday morning. Engineering works erected to assist in the reclamation of some 7000a. of swampy land, portion of the Berry Estate, Nowra, were opened on Saturday. A jockey named Stanmorc, riding Danby in the Steeplechase at the Goulburn J.C'. races on Saturday, was thrown and received serious internal injuries. The 32nd annual prize meeting of the New South Wales Rifle Association commences this morning on the Randwick Range. Mr. Justice Inucs says lie docs not believe in the practice of allowing prisoners to give cvidonce on their own behalf, which he con siders only opens the door to perjury. An American cowboy named .lames May has been committed for trial at Coouabara- bran on a charge of horac-sLealing. Tho members of the new South Aus - tralian Ministry were sworn in on Saturday morning. Of the 32 jockeys who rode in the Caulfield Cup on Saturday all but one wore fined £5 for disobedience of the starter's orders. A railway signalman named Thomas Hol land, stationed at J mice J unction, in jump ing of! one engine was knocked down by another and severely injured. The R.M.S. Britannia sails from Circular Quay at noon to-day for London via ports. She steamer Strathcsk reached the harbor yesterday from Java via Melbourne and was quarantined lor fumigation and disin fection. Tho R.M.S. Massilialcft Albany early yes terday for Loudon. Tho Twcnty-milc-gutns Hotel on the Gun- bar-road, near Hay, and a eottago adjoining havo been totally destroyed by lire. Mrs. M'Kie, daughter of Mr. W. Gannon, of G unbar, while driving from Narrandcrra to Mimosa was thrown from her buggy and killed. A special ward is proposed to he attached to the Bowral Hospital for the treatment of fever cases. On Saturday the annual reunion of the members and friends of the Engineering Association was hold at Chowder Bay. The steamer Warrimoo left the harbor on Saturday morning for New Zealand, in augurating the new line of the Now Zealand ami Australasian Steamship Company. The Orient liner Orizaba, from London, arrived at and sailed from Albany on Saturday. The P. and 0. R.M.S. Carthage sails from Melbourne for Sydney to-day. Of the prize-winners at Caulficld on Safcnr day, Calculus, Wanganella, and Paris are owned and were bred in New South Wales, and tho steeplechase winner, Pilot, was also bred here. The running for the Caulficld Chip on Satur day resulted thus -Paris, 1; Yarrau, 2; Glonard, 3. Pygmalion was favorite at the start but only finished fifth. There was absolutely uo betting to record at the Victorian Club on Saturday night quotations for the Melbourne Cup ami Derby remaining unchanged. A petition is being forwarded to Mr. Camit M.P., from Broken bill, praying for the re moval of Mr. Wiiittingdale Johnson, P.M. Martin Kellolier was sentenced to six mouths' hard labor at the Water Police Court on .Saturday. On hearing the verdict the prisoner became very violent, and had to he removed from the dock by six constables. The Gaiety Burlesque Company produced 11 Joan of Are " at IJer Majesty's Theatre on Saturday night. James Lewis, supposed to lie a new arrival from Sydney, on Saturday stole a case of rings, valued at £150, from a Melbourne jeweller's shop. Jie was subsequently arrested. A landslip has occurred on the northern railway line, near Tamworth, 7000 cubic fee t of tho cutting coining away. Through traffic on the line will lie interrupted for seveva 1 days. 