MONETARY AND COMMERCIAL. v The Argus Office, Thursday Evening. A ' From a mercantile point of view the suspension of the New Oriental Bank Corpora ! turn is of next to no consequence so far as Melbourne is concerned. Sydney will feel it more, as the deposits held by the bank there are in amount nearly five times those held in Melbourne. The bank had practically ceased to do any mercantile business here, declining anything requiring the opening of credits in the East. No Melbourne interest in the China or Indian markets is therefore 'affected. as Shipments of gold from Melbourne have lately assumed some magnitude, the total number of sovereigns shipped during the month of May being 469,483. This amount exceeds the total shipped during the four months, January to April, £404,bMl, The quotation for silver continues to advance in London, the latest being 42d. per oz. standard. From the lowest point touched, viz., 39d., the recovery is 3½d., equal to nearly 50 per cent. The upward move ment is doubtless due to the international agreement to hold a conference on the silver question, which for one thing would cause the holders of silver to keep off the market as much as possible. But if the conference should end in nothing, or its equivalent in the shape of view resolutions, the market will again be well supplied. 9 The Board of Trade monthly returns continue follow a heavy falling olTm exports of home products from the United Kingdom, The imports still show increase, This, not withstanding the increase in imports and the decrease in exports, gold continues to How to London, a fact which demonstrates the magnitude of the amount of English capital invested abroad and the greatness of the power possessed by Knghuul-to attract gold when Kite is disinclined to lend it abroad. Tenders for the supply of cement to the Melbourne and Metropolitan Board of Works were sent in to-day, and it is understood that they will be dealt with by the committee to morrow (Friday) morning. The tenders eon tain the following clause :? , "This tender is sale of duty. If a Customs duty should he imposed by the Victorian Government at any time during the currency or this contract the mid duty shall he paid to the omission by the Melbourne and Metropolitan Board of Works upon the whole or any portion of the quantity (specified upon which duty shall have been paid to the Victorian Government." With respect to South Australian affairs we take the following from Mr. I''. Wright's circular) dated Adelaide, 8th June :? " With this great and decided change in the season the farmers are reinvigorated with hope, and agri- i cultural operations are being energetically resumed, though it is now hardly probable that a large area of wheat can be put in the seven r. Still, the improvement in the prospects is simply wonderful, and will restore confidence both in the country and the city. Although there has been no absolute improvement in general business there is certainly a revival in confidence since the late fine rains, and as the waters of the river of the interior are steadily rising, a brisk ! demand must soon spring up for the wool season's supplies, for shearing will in all probability commence on the northern and Queen short runs in another six weeks, and the full rivers will be availed of to convey station supplies to the high or points on them. In another fortnight we shall have touched the shortest day of the year, and the sun after that will daily increase in strength, bring the vegetation Into' strong growth, and lead us quickly into spring. Although I he rains have been rather patchy the outlook generally is exceedingly favourable and cheering. With a plentiful supply of water at the Barrier mines the output will soon be considerably increased and although retail trade has been somewhat checked by the temporary sus . pension of the Broken Hill dividend, that is but the matter of a month, and the increased output will soon restore shares to a more normal price. The Savings ' Bank trustees have fixed the rate of interest on deposits for the past year at 45 percent. the same as in the preceding years the steady increase in and large amount of deposits attest a state of fair general prosperity, sufficiency of employment, and remunerative wages The excess of immigration over emigration is now allowing itself very distinctly. House rents are steadily rising, and dwellings of the average capacity are difficult, to obtain. Building isbeginuingogain, and pessimists are making a strong effort to look pleasantly into the future. In fact, although there is no prospect of an immediate boom, from which Providence defend us, there is a most reasonable prospect of cheerful prosperity all round before the year is out. But the full effect of the rains is not yet seen. We want a few more weeks and a little more sunshine to put a bright face on the country, and the change to spring will be the introduction to a development in all lines of trade. The depreciation in silver still weighs on the community, but the increased output at the Broken Hill, which promises to be irrepressible, must soon change the present aspect of affairs. Bates of interest remain unaltered at 66 to 6 per cent, good margin. This is the still time of year, but there are more inquiries for land, and,' if the season continues favourable, a considerable quantity of land lately thrown out of hand will be resumed for farm ing and grazing purposes." The quantity of wheat and flour now afloat for the United Kingdom shows an increase of 02,000 quarters on the week, while the quantity afloat for the Continent shows a decrease of 020,000 quarters. During the last fortnight the quantity afloat for the Continent has fallen from 1,270,000 to 301,000 quarters. That is the effect of the raising of the French duties. The total afloat for both destinations is now 3,180,000 quarters. Our cable service also reports the sale of the cargo of South Australian wheat per Solide, which arrived in London just before the end of May, at 34s. 6d.. Thclociil. wheat market has been irregular to-day, sales having been made to millers at 4s. 4d.; and for export at 4s. 10d. to 4s. 2d. f.o.b. Business has been done in stone dressed Hour at £9, and in roller nt£9l0s. Malting barley is slightly firmer, there being a demand both for export and for local consumption. Good to prime worth3s.10d.to3s. lid., slightly more being obtainable for choice samples. Of medium malting barley several hundred bags have been placed at 3s. 8d. Inferior has been sold at 3s. to 3s. 3d. [Cape barley is quoted at 2s. 11d., but little is offer ing, and holders are asking higher prices. A moderate business has been done in oats. Stout milling has been sold at 2s. 4d., and good stout feed at 2s. HIs. Milling Algerians have had sales at 2s. 2d. to 2s. 3d. Sales of Danish have been made at 2s. 4d. A little business has been done in good maize at 2s. 9d. There is a better trade inquiry for peas, which are steady at 2s. 7d., with limited supplies. Bran is unaltered at 1s. to 1s. Old. The sugar market continues quiet, and no private sales of importance are reported. At auction 404 bags and 1,807 pockets Mauritius sugar ex Dolly were sold by Fraser and Co. Limited. The sugars were generally soft mediums and greys, and a portion were damaged. The former fetched £20 15s. to £21 5s., and the latter £20 03. There is more inquiry for teas, but importers continue to show, firmness as regards prices. Sales reported comprise 400 half-chests panyong at 8d., 50 packages Indian, and 200 packages Ceylon at like, to 10d. Ceylon teas are increasing in favour with the blending trade, and are at present supplying the vacancy caused by the scarcity of common Congou. This tendency is assisted by the improved keeping qualities of the descriptions lately coming upon this market as compared with the arrivals of former years. Jute goods have been quiet. There is a demand for cornsacks, but in the bare state of the market business is difficult. Bran bags have also been inquired for. Woolpacks have had sales at Is. 6d. in bond. Parcels are offering to arrive ex Argus nt Is. tOld. Cable advices from Calcutta state that the market in jute goods is firmer with an upward tendency, and that exchange is advancing. The latter movement is due to the recovery in the price of silver. Fish has been quiet. In dried fruits sultanas have had business at 57th. Of hops 20 bales have been placed at up to Is. 22d., Metals are generally quiet. Tinplates have had business at 13s. 0d. Iron, or 6th May, reports on the finished iron markets as follows:? "The manufactured iron trade of the north of England continues poor, -and prices rule as follows: Common bars, skins best bars, £0 ; best best bars, £7 ; ship plates, £5 7s. 6d.; girder plates, £5 12s, 6d.; boiler plates, £6 7s. 6d. ; angles, £3 2s. 6d. : light rails, £5 to Mr 15s., all less 25 per cent. Finished iron in the Newcastle district shows a slight improvement in inquiry. Scotch malleable iron works are quiet ; there is a lessened demand, but quotations remain at' common bars, £6 ISs.-, unbranded bars, £5 10s., less 6 per cent. The Liverpool market is dull, and values show but little alteration, the following being current rates remarked here, 38 10s.; common crown bars, £0 7s. 6d. to £610.; hoops, £6 12s. 6d.; black sheets (singles), £7 6s. to £7 7s. 6d.; doubles. £7 15s. to £7 17s. 11d., f.o.b. Liverpool. Finished iron in South Staffordshire is in moderate demand. Manufactured iron in FSgt Worcestershire shows more animation generally, but the cxporttradc Is quiet. in the Sheffield district finished Iron exhibits a slight improvement. The tin-plate market remains very dull. Prices f.o.b. Liverpool rule as follows Alia way charcoals, 13s. 6d. to 14s.; Slcnien'ss tins, 12s. 6d. to 13s.; Bessemer tins, 12s. 3d. to 12s. 6d.; 13s. cokeB, 12s. 3d.; Dean ternes, 12s. The hardware trades experience in moderate demand." Sales of sundries include 30 cases C. and B.'s quart salad oil at 20s., OOcascs Holbrook's pint sauce at 7s. 3d., 20 tons fine salt at £4 0s., and a tank of hemp seed at £17 10s. In liquors we note sales of 200 cases Blood's stout (quarts). The following auctioneers' report has been received :? Fraser and Company Limited sold this day, at their rooms, No. 47 'Queen- street, ex Dolly from Mauritius, 2,071 bags and pockets Mauritius sugar, soft and damaged, which realised up to £21 10s. per ton dip. The revenue collected at the Custom-house. this day was £4,013 0s. 11d.; wharfage, £353 12s. 3d.; contingent, 223 2s. 3d.; pilot age, £39 0s, 6d. j 