LO:*I>ON\ October lOfcli. I AJpiieous tale of suffering and loss of life is narrated in conncctioii with the loss of a Danish schooner off Yarmouth last night. The vessel sank so suddenly that there was not time to lower the boats, and the only hope of the captain and crew was that they might swim to a lightship at a distance of 6 miles from the scene of the disaster- The sea was running mountains high at the time, and only two-the captain and the cook-succeeded in retching the lightship. The remainder were drowned. A terrible blizzard ha3 been experienced iu Colorado, one of the Northern States of America. For two days without intermission the Sleet fell, driven hy a strong wind. Many persons who were exposed to .the stonn were frozen to death. Heavy and continuous rains havo fallen in various parts of England, culminating 111 severe floods. In Yorkshire and North Wales the i crops have "been ruined owing to this cause. The dispute between the rival ^sections of the Irish party relative to the control of the funds which were deposited by the late Mr Parnell with the Messrs Munroe, bankers, of Paris, has been settled &y; compromise, and the litigation, which been commenced in order to settle tLe question as to which j^arty shall control the fund will hi all probability be abandoned. It lias been arranged that the funds shall be placed uiiderthe control of a joint commit tee. Intelligence has been received from China of a virulent outbreak of cholera in the city of Hang Chow. Hundreds of deaths Jure occur ring'daily, and the city is in a state of panic. The appearance of the disease was attributed by the Chinese to the European residents, 'wh^ were attacked by rioters, and several of them were decapitated by the infuriated rabble Count Kalnoky, Minister for Foreign Affairs iu Austria, delivered a speech yesteiday in which he made allusion to the present situation hi Europe. The Triple Alliance, Count Ival noky said, is entirely a defensive combination. Nothing lurks behind it; it is nothing more ! than it preteuus io be, namely, a union oil Austria. Germany and Italy for mutual de- I fence. The parties to the alliance bad preferred lint tliey should be bound together by an un written treaty, and the fact that they had been content to dej»end merely on an honorable un derstanding showed how strong was the confi dence reposed in cach other by the allied powers. The future outlook, Count Ivalnoky said, was perfectly calm. Ii Hu«<* Chan?, the Senior Grand Secretaiy in China-the highest position to which a Chinese official can aspire-is reported to have become insane- He is CO years of age. S3The Government of Brazil has taken steps to brin«r prominently under public notice in Eng land tile resources of that country, and has in vited 1,000,000 immigrants to settle there. The Board of Trade authorities have published -a, notice warning intending emigrants not to gofr tolJrarfL ' 1 - * 