The -Kanaka labor UttEstion. Mb. W. Kinnaird Boss, who is at present in -Edinburgh, writing on 16th March, to a friend, in Brisbane, discusses'pretty -frcely; the -latest' news to hand from Queensland. Concerning the. colored labor question ho says : — ' I go heart and soul in for the new policy of land-grant railways (I always was a thorough believer in them) and ah extension of Poly .nesian labor. We cannot afford to allow Northern Queensland and a great part of Cen tral Queensland and the Wide Bay district to rerert to a jungle: and £6,000,000 of canttal in machinery and probably £10,000,000 in cultivation improvements to bo confiscated — .destroyed^ all because Lane, Hinchcliffe, and ;€o. (I use these names to describe a system, .not iu an offensive peasonal sense) have issued a ukase, ' There shall bb no moro immigrants — Italiau, German, Danish — nor any colored laborers — kanakas, Javanese, Japanese, Chin ese, or Hindoos.?' Read all history ? and you find that agriculture everywhere cannot bear the;, yages .of manufacturing industry, and 'it lik impossible' (as .impossible '-as it would be* to regulate sunrise) to create regulations hy State or trade combin ation which would give or afford the same rato of pay to tillers of the soil as to the diggers for coal or gold, or the; makers of clothes, or furniture, &c.; To block labor per se I never had the slightest objection . in Queensland or elsewhere. On philosophic grounds I think a permanejU black elementor strain in the popula tion of Australia would be; a crimeagainst iutur ity — tho parent of terrible race feuds and other dangers. Those who think otherwise should read what is going on-in America r about tbe negro, and what the best thinkers, sociologists and politicians theroare writing and dreaming. Rnfc t,h« irintppintRnnntiMh nf Anat.mlin /xni'mt be delayed, and will not be averted (malgre Lane, Hinchcliffe, -and Co.) by a philosophic doubt or the possible- struggles of. many'gede rations hence. ' The laborers, black or, brown, ? being necessary, their immigration — either by contract or by recruitingrr-must be absolutely safe fioni fraud and compulsion, or cruelty. Ample .supervision, of engagement should secure this, if agents of character and paid sufficient salary to resist the suspicion of cor ruption or favoritism bo employed. Then there should bo . careful 1 supervision of the ! laborers on the different plantation districts 1 by Government inspectors, well paid arid of good character , like tho V protectors' in the West Indies. These being secured I would, cover Northern (tropical) Queensland with laborers, and in 10 years you would see a revenue from that country twice as large as is derived noto Irom all Queensland. Let'anyone who scoffs at colored labor and . what it can do : under white supervision, with, the interests of ! tho natives ' protected' tnke a journey to Java. The run up country iu Java was to me a revelation. There is not an acre without a crop or in courso . of preparation for one. Tlie people happy, cheerful, ever laughingj joyous, singing, eating. God bless me 1 the little children havo a string tied round :their little benjies to keep them from eating too much. That is, there is food every where-f (no poverty as seems to bo present in Austra** lia just now', and as, Heaven knows; too pre valent to heartbreak in every town in this old country) — aud tbo little kids would eat, and do eat, until tbo string becomes too tight to be comfortable. Ah, me! down iu the slums where I was during -the frost and the snow I could not help thinking of theso happy Javan ese laughing their davs away and shouting at play in the rivers or lagoons, and contrasting their lot with the poor, wrotched, hungry eyed, lahk-Iimbcd, starving, miserable beings, who&ri;*l under the shadow of the luxury - of West Endism. Tbe other night it was 14 deg. below zero, or 46dcg. of frost, and that night I saw littlo childron who sought repose on bare flags aud covered by tho thinnest of rags ! There is nothing to me so torrible as cold, and yet I havo soen urchins seemingly quito happy under baro foot and a ventilating shirt whon I could not kcop warm in furs. 