er JEfitno'e free' ess. PUBLISHED EVER& TURSUSDA- MORrING' " STHURSDAY;. OTOBER 20) 1892.. , BAD ., -s IM. . n ey. OPP, prosperity;. It is. true we-,arenot forging ,ahead. at boom rate'-indeedt~.d .so.may be ,undesirable- but there- are- well-recognised symptoms. of improvement; noticeablei.- Jh mining:the district promises to.be again heard of.with advantage , the- dairying:industry all :around has now an; opportunity,. not, afforded it. in. past, years, of: participating in the modernand more- profitable-system, Kilmore, lroadford,. Tillarook, Glenaroua, High Camp Plain, and Wallan having. their Creameries; there is an excellent water supply being pro vided. for the town ;.an.sffective effort is also to be made to, supply gas;. there is to.be a new shire hall commensurate with the muni cipal importance of the -place, and indeed there- are many, noticeable improvements in the-highways and'byways-of the municipality, for which. the civic fathers- are entitled: to some credit. Added-to all this, private enter prise has not been, wanting-and. alchough. there -has-not been. much- of late in the way of new buildings, there has. been a- marked, im provement in-very many of the- old; with very- few. signs of. neglect noticeable; We call attention to-all these mattersin order'to show that there are-thdse .amongst us who believe-in the stability of the-place; andi with' a view of emphasising the position we have frequently advanced that, notwithstanding the few croakers-who-are ever ready todecry, -there is a quiet and steady progression- ap parent,and there are those who plainly-foresee' a- strong -advance inthe value of holdings.in: the town-and district. We are pretty confi dent ourselves- that property, in, the-district, as well as- business- of every kind, must have seen the worst daysi aid that brighter times must dawn upon- us, We do require some more-attention- given- us. in= railway traffic, and- we want that attention. for the mutual advantage ofthe R'ailw'yl)epartment: and the district. A- reasonably fast -train from here toMe.lbourne each. morning, with a return one each afternoon, and a special tariff-if-' not a suburban rate something nearly as liberal-woii-ld result..insaehsettle ment in :this. highly-- salubriousw locality as, must -conduce to; the general welfare- :For one passenger who-travels- daily now between Kilmore and' Melbourne, if some suck course asitli t suggested' were adopted,. there would soon be- one hundred,; aid" need we descant, further upon the valtue of this t: Because- of cheap rents' here, a~nd primarily because 'of the exceedingly healthy character-of the dis trict, many persons" whose business avocations aro- i'n Melbournei; would take up ":theiri private residence here if suitable- trains at reasonable fores were; provided We thinkh the matter of such importance as- to warrant a strong move- being made- to-improve matters* \--the energetic member for the district might take the matter in hand-in any case there should be an- improvement as to the time, table which seems to- be invented to. prevent people travelling. The 400th anniversary of the discovery of Ameria by Christopher Columbus was last week celebrated in the States with groat eclat. ' Awoman ?-murdered in Glasgow under circum Sstances similar to the, Whitechapel atrocities, Two sailoras who passed the, night with the woman-have bpen arrested, Their names. are M'Efvan and M'Neilly.. On Saturday an impromptu meeting of the Kilmore Dairy Co. directors was held, wheri'-Mr i Jas. Law, of Spring Valley was appointed manager of Wallan creamery. . . . A.r.A. Sports held yesterdhy, at Kilmore. M.U.I.O.O.F. Sports to be held on 9th:prox. ' Entriea Thuraday evening next up;to 8 o'cloolk = Glover Onions and Co..will hold clearing-out! sale of Mr. Hsind's cows.&. on .27thl instant it Spring- c -Plich cartoon last week ".Worn out in his Work," is very good.. It depicts Sir Henry Wrixon.on a groggy horse, with M6r Gillies ban daging his pins.. Tenders are returnable, by hst proximo (at 421' I Bourke-street Melbourne) for the lease- for 3 or 5' years of High Park estate, Springfield. The: property is a good one and centrally situated be tween Kilmore and -Laucefieldf . A meeting of the Kimore Water Tiust' was held ,on Thursday evening last in connection with the question, oesnpplying Wandong with water.. There ' were present Messrs Taylor (Chairman), Murray, Rush; Phillips;- and- Mr It. Fennelly- (irust Engineer.) Mr Robertson, of Wandong, was also in: attendance, and. produced a, guarantee from residents of \Wandong.agreeing.to pay £44,revenue. 1Mr Robertson explained that a committee had been appointed'at a meeting held at Windong, the fol lowing gentleman being selected :--Mesers Robert :son: J, Kyle, J, N. Ryan, and Howell: The' com mittee.guaranteed to.the Trust, and were willing to sign any legal document submitted to them, that :they- would' collect the revenue required' it being understood that the basin be where. suggested by MIr Robertson,. and the main. pipe to be in: the direction of the Wandong Avenue... The-committee also required that the amount estimatedl be ex pended on the reticulation of Wandong. Some discussion ensued, and-finally the Trust resolved' to go into committee, the Press thus; being excluded. We are informed that the Water Trust has.decided not to accept arrangements proposed, and will not supply Wandong unless-the residents of that town form themselves into a Water Trust and. take a supply fromE.ecreet's reservoir. Another meeting ofithe Trust was held on. Mondaynight, when there were present Commissioners Taylor, (Chairman), RTeh, Hunt, Phillips, and Mturray, and the Trust Engineer, Mr R. Fennelly,. The following tenders were received for the- excavation of Escreet's reservoir ;-R..H..Roberts, £40517$; J. Proudfoot jun. £392 10s ; .G. Fallett, £377 9s 4d :. 3, Kearns, £223 4s 9d. The lowest was recommended for aoceptance-by the Water Supply Department. The matron of'the-Kilmore Hospital reports for week ending 15th inst.-Admitted, 0 ;..discharged, 3; died, 0. Remaining in Hospital, 12.males.. The Kilmore Agricultural and Pastoral Society committee met on.Saturday afternoon,. when judges .fpr the forthcoming, show were appointed. A sub-committee to arrange for certain improvements upon the -ground was chosen-and it was decided that Messrs Osborn and Hudson should sell.the booth, &c.; by auction un Saturday fortnight. . In the.Anstralian BankingCo. case, at. Sydney where the directors and manager were criminally prosecuted, four of the accused were acquitted, and the- jury, disagreed with- regard' to the others, including-the manager (M'Namsra) well known- in Kilmore,.who were.remanded for a fresh trial. The adjourned meeting of. the Kilmore Shire Council, which was to have been held on Tuesday evening last, was allowed to lapse for want of a quorum, the only-members who attended being Crs. Hunt (President), Phillips, Freyne and' Murray The Hospital Board,.and there was a fairly full attendance, had an anxious three hours on- Tuesday evening.- The meeting was' held to consider the financial position of the Charity, and it was shown that the overdraft at present £469,. was being steadily increased, at. the rate of. about £30" per month. It.was.decided to hold a Bruce auction at -an early date to raise funds, and the question of ries-took. very-many anxious moments to thrash 4 out, all being loth to touch them, fearing that doing so-may in.some degree impair the high state of efficiency the Charity has attained.. At last it wias deeided'that certain reductions should be made, notably in the- stipendt of the house-surgeon and superintendent, but- such- reductions. were- no to Stake place for about a couple of months,, and not even:then. should .the funds by that time warrant 'the present scale being retaibed. It is fully be Slieved'the-wholeef the- st:ffaat such a grave junc a withi te on uson arrved'at -soms retrench. meat being absolutely necessary. if. the institution is I to keep its doors open.. We purposely refrain from giving a full report of the proceedings .Leyond the bI are-facts,:as.doing-so would effect no good- objact. SLast. week gave us.rather varied weather, After Sbeing'somewhat sultry on the Wednesday it set in cool in the evening; Thursday morning was -fine I but later ih the day it blew cold from the south, icontinuing so all night; whilst Fiiday- had reached -almost winter -temperature and in the afternoon some heavy rain felL followed during the night i with rather a sharp frost,. Saturday dawning with pleasant sunshine; which continued all'day, Sunday was rather. hot for the season-but a coolchange-took place in the evening followed by a good night's rain. Monday. and Tuesday were cool. On Tuesday night there was a shlarp frost, but yesterday was fine, and as a-consequence the local A.N.A. Sports Swere well- favored. i We are- informed by the Hon. J'. Gavan Dtrffy., M.P., that the Acting-Railways Commissioners will pass through.Kilmore at. 40 p.m. to-day (Thers day.) We would'suggest interviewing them as to certain Ibcal requirements. From Longwood we learn that ownSaturday after. ing M?r. andl MrsB, Cuammins returned home'from their honeymoon- trip,. and were soon afrerwards waited on by a number of.townspeople with old-tins, horsehiells, and-such like musical instruments, buht Sthey had not long to wait, as the happyand emil. ing Bryan soon made his appearance and invitedlall and sundry, over to -host- Smith's-. ommercial if Hotel, where-the word was passed to "-drink anything you like and as often as you like," an invitation-that dil not require-repeating- as-ghsses were filled ti'nes. out of number, to the accompaniment of " he's a jolly goodd felln"."' .Our readers-vill be pleased to' learn that Morris -Mahon's- fric a Bran Company will appear in. Kilmore on-Thursday, October 2Tih.after-aahbsence of three ninrits.~ When this popular company appeared here they made a most fivouraible fim pression- ani their programme of minstrelsy, and comedy ":caught on " with- a-good-audience. Mr Will O'Callaghan is.still wi'h the company andmhas added some new items to hi'long list of successful impersonatiousm THieprice' are 3s"24,.ls; Mrs Smallman,.wife of the highlyrespected police magistrate, Mr Thomas Smallman, died; at laeymouron Sunday last., Deceased ldy was- aged 49'years and mnoh respected. \- The Victoria Amateur Tu'?f Club Spring Ifeeting. was brought:to a successful'conclusion on Sasnriday; when th Ch?ulfield Ciup. one of the. most- popular )handicaps of the year, *as decided. The winner S.was Paris,. a Sydney horse, Yarran and Clonard: tilling. second and thirdplaces.. Fiaris-was a: good deal'fancied'for the event by the public until the previous Saturday, whsn he shaped very badly in the Caulfield Stakes; and there were strong comments: o~t the comse on.Saturday. on.the-horse'eremarkable cliaing:of form.-- He carried 10lb. less in the Cup Sthap in the Stakes, but -the reversal of form was nekvertheereass pronounced:. ;'Spokesman,. who- ran siecond in- the Caulfield Stakes; finished:amongst the rear division in the Cup, and the. favourities for the; mile and a half race; Pygmalionu, G'naroo, and Ulric, all fnifshed'out of-a place. Sydhey owndrs also supplied the- winners of the Maidenw Plate and' :Norsery Handicap;. - Caloulus,. who' was - successful in the' former event, is as son of . Trentoa,;. while Wanghiells, winner.of the two year-old e.ent, is equally welt-bred; being a.fatlaister to' ]M-rvel and aas- a yearling cost; £1,400. Another - high-priced yearling,. Ascot- Vale, whose owner gave 1,1-50 guineas fdr him,~ won a godd stake for his party in the the Windsor Handicap, .Though four years :old', this was:Ascot Vale's second winT ohly,,so th-t he has hardly beena profitable house. :Submission -won the ?elling itoe, and Pilot repeated- his. pe??r formance of the previous Saturday by: wnnin the Second Steeplechase: - , ' -Mr J'ai. Reiid greater, of Ildiawa. near Wan garatta, found dead in' a paddock near his home-i stead orn Thursday. - "' . Large landeslip on Saturday 310' miles'- from Sydney near the l'Donald River. - The Northern railway blocked. a The South' Australian Governmenht has .been. Sdefeated: and. Sir Joh, Doweir'e has formed a 0 •i, Broadford people must be well off-none to apply for inspector of nuisances salary of £10, too low. I Council had to spring £15 as there was no applicant t on the lower scale, and. then the local constable was appointed at the- higherfigure. Advance Broadford I The annual meeting of members ofKilmore: Turf Club is notified for Monday evening next. High; Camp.:Plain creamery is to be formally opened at 11. a.m. to-day (Thursday.). Mr Law,. who has been appointed to the Wallan creamery, is acting as temporary manager, Mr Ewart, who was appointed as manager not having yet arrived. Mr Law started to work yesterday, the machinery run ning.smoothly. A terrible blizzard has been experienced in Colorado, one of the Northern States of America. For two days without intermission the sleet fell, driven by a strong wind. Many persons who. were exposed to the atorm were frozen to deach. . From time to-time reports have been received of rich, gold yields having been obtained in New Gninea,. but in the absence. of reliable information the reports have been discredited. It would appear from a despatch written-by Sir-William. MfGregor, administrator of New Guinea, to the Governor of Queensland,.a copy of which has been forwarded to the Governments of the different colonies con tributing to the protectorate, that there is no justification for- the statement that the gold resources of New G?tinea are lirely to assume pro minence in, the development of the. island. Sir William M'Gregor writes :-" Some 33.diggers still on the island: the majority of them are said to.declare, as usual,, that the gold is completely exhausted, but they remain at .work there. The truth probably is that new men could. not make wages,. while those that have been on.thei islandl for years can employ-natives to work-for them: at- lbw wages in sluicing, so,that they can do fairly well where new men, unaccustomed to the country and the people, would starve. The acclimatised men seem to enjoy fair health, but some recent arrivals have suffered, much from. fever,. of. whom. one died." The dispute between. the- rival sections of the Irish party relative, to the control of the. funds which were deposited by the late Mr Parnell with Messr.s.Miiroe, bankers, of Paris, has been settled by compromise, and the litigation which has been commenced'in order to settle the question as to which party shall control the funds will in. all probability, be abandoned. It has been. arranged that the funds.shall be placed under the control of. a joint committee. I Mr Fitz Gibbon, chairman of the Melbourne. and Metropolitan Board of Works, states that he- is not pleased with,. the. price at which the loan of £1,000,000 is to be offered, namely,. £95. If the brokers had consented to wait a little longer before offering the loan a larger price would,. he is. con vinced, have been obtainable. Each of the issuing banks-namely, the Bank of Victoria, the Com mercial Bank and the City of Melbourne Bank--is tendering for £50,000 worth-of the debenturaes. The appointment of the royal commission to* in quire into the complaints of evicted Irish tenants which was promised by Mr John Morley, Chief Secretary- for Ireland, in response to. demands by the Home Rule party, is now officially announced. Sir James Charles Mathew, Justice of the Queen's Bench, will preside over the commission, which is required to- ascertain the cost of reinstating the Irish farmers who have been evicted. Latest intelligence concerning the revolb in Burmah states that 200 Chins are- preparing to make- an-attack on Fort White. The British. force at the fort is small. The operations of the British are greatly hemnpered owing to the difficult character of the country. The position of affairs in Burmah is causing some anxiety, and the position 'of-the British is considered to be precarious. Mr Carey, the British political officer in the dis affected district, has issued a proclamation, in which be invites all the.loyal Chin tribes. to, assist the British in suppressing the revolt.. Count Kalnoky, Minister of Foreign- affairs in Austria, delivered a speech. onu 15th October, in which he made allusion to the present situation in Europe. The Triple Alliance, Count Kalnosky ?said, is entirely a defensive combination,. Nothing. lurks behind it ; it is nothing more than.it pretends to be, namely, a union of" Austria, Germany andi Italy for mutual defence. Two parties to the alli •ance had preferred that they should be bound to. gether by an unwritten treaty; and the fact that hey beefn content to .donend: merely ... n-me-unnersranw " senowed how strong was "the confidence reposed in each other by the allied powers. The future outlook,,Count Ralnoky. said, was- perfectly calm.. At the Warden's court, Brgiit, on Friday, a case of considerable importance was heard by Mr R?wan, P.M.. The ca'e was Celia Hearn (ad 'ministratrix of.the late J; . .. Hearn) v.. Freeman ?nd others-allegsd trespass-orn a-mining lease held by the plaintiff. The facts of the case are as-fol-lbws ;: \--John Henry Hearn died on 15th -May, 1891,. having. previously pegged out and. applied for a lease south of the Lone Hand claim, Wandiligong, which was granted on 26th June, 1891, and was sighed-by Celia Hearn as administratrix in Septem-. her of the same year. Letters of administration were granted on 26th July, 1892. In September, 1891, Freeman and party pegged out the ground \- and registered it under niiners' rights, which were amalgamated.. For the defence Mr Helm- argued. that the lease was a nullity, as being issued to a dead man ;.that there was. a default in procedure, as the lease was not executed within specified time; and registration by Fteeman and Co. under their miners' right, In support of his contention he cited various authorities. After hearing the evi dernce the wardenxeserved.his decision untilthe 3rd November.. Heavy and continuous rains .have falIen in various parts of England, culminating in severe floods. In Yorkshire and North Wales. the- crops have been ruined owing to this cause. The. following: cable messagei under date, 14th inst., has been receivedAfronmLondon :-Mr Sage, a South Australian vigneron, who has just returned from an extended tour through the wine growing. districts of'France, states that he is: convinced the wine export trahe of Australia will largely increase, provided care is taken.in the selection of the vines grown and the winesto.be produceds The principal Sobjection takenr to-Australian wines in: England is their want of maturity. . The main- demand of the home marketi Mr iage observes, is for medium 1 classes of wines, and he thinks it necessary that a more distinctive character should be given to the Australian vintages.- The best grapes to. grow in South Australia for wine making are, he thinks, the Carbinet and Malbec. Mr- Sage says that the Messrs Burgoyne are doing most commendable work in the introduction and. recommendation. of Australian wines in England?. I?i Hung Chang, the Senior Girand" Sboretary inr China-the highst position to which a- Chinese official can aspire - is reported to, have. become insane. He.is 60 years of age. The lionor has been paid to an Australian artist, now resident in Paris, of having, a picture pur Schased for exbibition in..a French musuem. The artist referred to' is Miss· loo Rae, formerly ofi Toorak, who- will be well remembered- as- the ex- hibitor of pictures at the 'students' exhibitions in : Msilbourne-a few seasons ago. Miss Rae's picture is entitled Pierrot; and is described as- a charming study, of atiny Frenchpeasant child attired in pic turesque-white cap and pinatfore,.and standing half asleep against a delicate blue background.. The museumfbr which Mise Rae's work has been pur Schased is that recently founded at Etaples. Since she has been resident in Paris-Miss Rae has fulfilled -the promisLe given by- her earlier works.'in Mel I ~bourne, and as a result "f a recent exhibition of heriekillshehaesrceived several commissions for paintioge from American visitors to Paris.--Age.. A cablegram has been received-in London from Mr Marwick, the accountant sent to Melbourne by the English creditors and shareholders of the MI:rcautile Bank of Australia fbirtlt? purpose of investigating its affiirse. In the message Mr Mar wick expresses the opinion that the reconstruction of the English and Australian:,Morltage Bank, as Sproposed by Sir M. H. Davies,n not. feasible, SSir James Garriok, Agent- General for Queens. land, has replied in the London press to several letters which-have been published condemning in severe languagethe Polynesian labor trade as a slave trade, and the employment of the islanders on Queenslandplantations are as thinly veiled slavery. Sir Jments G~arrick assures- the British public that Sthe horrors- which h'ave been so graphicallv depicted by-the denouncers of the Queensland CGlored Labor I Act have no existence in fact, and that the writers of thte hostile letters have simply been ind-lging in Sillusory word paintings. The Secretary of Agriculture received from the London agent of the department a letter stating that there is a prospect of a good season for Victorian bdtter in Eugl:tnd. The letter was written at the beginning of September; when: prices. in London were advancing. French. and Danish. butter was bringing as much. as 124s. and no butter was to be had below 100s. per cwt.. As the English. winter approaches prices increase, and it is probable that the Victorian butter, exportations will realise handsomely. The health returns of the colony exhibit an in crease of typhoid fever, though the total extent of the disease shown is small.. During the past week there were 15.cases of typhoid and four deaths there from-in Victoria, while in the corresponding week of 1891 there were only four cases, of which two were fatal. The metropolitan area showed only one case of typhoid in the corresponding week of last year, but in the week just closed its record was sik cases, with two deaths. The diphtheria record for the past week was 24 cases and three deaths, compared with 29.cases and six deaths in, 189L Mr A. Carnegie, the noted American millionaire and factory owner, has given publicity to his opinion. -that the future of the British manufacturing in. dustries is a dark and unpromising one. The manufacturers of the United States, under the M!'Kinley tariff, Mr Carnegie declares, can now easily undersell those of England: Mr Arnold White, who was lately engaged' by Baron.de Hirsobh to report upon the state of; the famine afflicted districts of Russia, and. who has since been devoting attention to the distress in England, states that the number of persons un employed in. London is not less than half a million, Lord Randolph Churchill, who is regarded by the new Conservatives as their leader, has expressed disapproval of the platform adopted by that section of the Conservative party which is endeavoring to* secure, by concessions to.labour, the support of the Labor party. Colonel Doddi, the officer who commanded the French military expedition.in Dahomey which ref' cently inflicted a crushing defeat on the troops. o King Behansen, has complained to his Govern ment that the Dahomeyans were assisted in the campaign by German subjects, who taught them, how to construct earthworks to repel the Freneh attacks upon their towns, and also supplied them with European firearms.of the latest type. Ih con sequence of Colonel' Dodd's report, the French Foreign Minister has made representations to the German. Government with respect to the alleged breach of neutrality by German subjects in Da homey. Mr J. G. Blaine, formerly Secretary of State in America, who unsucceessfully sought to secure nomi. nation-as the Republican candidate for the Presi. dency of the United States, is working loyally, to secure the re-election of General Harrison, who was chosen as the candidate of the party. Mr Blaine has expressed a hope that the Irish vote will be cast solidly against Mr Grover Cleveland, the Democrat candidate, as the Democrats were formerly their oppressors. A.piteous tale. of suffering-and loss of life is nar rated in connection with. the wreck of a Danish: schooner off' Yarmouth on Saturday night. The l vessel sank so suddenly that there was not time to. lower the boats, and the only hops of the captain , and crew was that they might swim to a lighthouse at a distance of 8 miles from the scene of the. dis I aster. The sea was running mountains high at' the I time, and only two-the captain and the cook I succeeded in reaohing.the lightship. The remain ; der were drowned. I The Government of. Brazil has taken steps to. r bring prominently under public notice in.England the resources of that country, and has invited: 1 1,000,000 immigrants-.to settle there. The Board of t Trade authorities have published a notice warning intending emigrants not to go to Brazil. General Edwards, who visited Australia a year or two ago for the purpose of inspecting the defences of the colonies and offering suggestions for their improvement, has-forwarded'a memorandum-to the Cboonial.Office in whichi.referring to the approaich ing retirement of Sir Robert Hamilton from the. post of Governor of- Tasmania, he urges that an: officer possessing high military qualifications should. be selected for this position-one who would be capable of: advising; the- Governors. of the other Colonies with.regard to atrategio movements in case of war breaking out.. The Colonial Office has re- Seived 30 applicatibns for the position of Governor of> Tasmania. The spy LeGaron has published a- book on Irish. e. affairs-it does not seem to disclose much as to the late Mr. Earnell and his movements, and we should, Ssay anything from suchi a source must be accepted: Swith.a grain of salt. SMr Toseph Clarke and Clara Parker the principal' excitement in the metropolis now-overshadowing; ,j politics,. a5 Th police state that it has now been discovered: that the woman Kate Jackson, who was supposed. to have been killed in Althorp Park in Northamp. tonshire, and for whose murder a grocer's assistant Snamed Macrae was eommitted- for trial, sailed for SNew Zealand in the-monthof August. The mutila- ted bcdy which was discovered in a ditch at Althorp: Park, was misidentified as that of the missing Swoman. We cull the fdollowing item from one of the daily papers :-A young lady who was evidently apprised Sof the recent seizure ofmagpies and jackas~es under r the Game Act called at the Customs. house one a Tuesday and informed the authorities that the people who lived next dbor to bher mother in North Mel bourne had a magpie. She came with a request Sfrom her mother that this bird should be seized. The Customs officers admitted that it. was illegal for. anyone to keep a magpie, but expressed their reluc tance to take any action, as to be consistent they' would have to seize all the- maepies-in the colony. a held in captivity. The younglady then stated that a the bird caused great annoyance. He perched him- Sself on the dividing fence andaswore at them. When. Sher mother called out to any of the girls it was a common thing for the magpie to reply in very bad language. She was advised that her mother could: a proceed against the owner of the bird, who was me 1 sponsible for his insulting behavior.. If theCustoms a authorities seized this badly-behaved magpie, what e would they do with it ? To kill it would be an 1 infringement of the act, and if they sent it to the " Zoo," or restored it to its native woo-s,.it would corrupt the other birdS. A serious crisis has occurred in the Russian wheat trade. In consequence of the low prices ruling in e England. exporters cannot ship their wheat at a profit. Stocks are accumulating in Odessa, where they now anount to a million quarters. Several large firm have suspended payment.. 2 Much uneasiness has been caused' in Paris by ' alarming reports which- are current respecting the. 5\. French expedition against the King of Dahomey. It is rumoured that the French army lihas been. Sattacked and massacred by a force of 20,000 Daho \- meyans- at a- place called' Couloupa. The report, a however, isanot yet confirmed. Thelatest news re f specting the French. army was that, after inflicting Sseveral eevere defeats on the Daliomeyans,,it was. marching on Abomey, the capital. A contemporary gives the following advice : SDuring the next few weeks travellers frequenting the railway stations would do well to remember Sthat the approach of the Cup carnival, has attracted 5 crowds of pickpockets and thieves from.the other colonies, besides infusing fresh energy into the Spickpocket and thief of home manufacture. Yester Sday Mrs E. A. Jarman, a lady passenger by the \- express train from Sydney, had her pocket picked. f in the crowd within five minutes of her arrival. Her purse which was stolen contained £20 in gold, £1 in silver, and a first-class return ticket from Sydneyto Adelaide, dated 17 1 10 I 92, and three y Sydney luggage tickets, numbered respectively 141,. 59, and 92 Detective Cawsey is engaged on the f hopeless task of tracing the thief. The erection of a member of the House of Com. mons for the East or Cirencester Division of Gloucestershire, to fill the vacancy caused by the death of Mr Arthur Brend Winterbotham, took \- place on Thnrsday, and resulted in a victory for 1 the Cbnservatives by a smalt majority, Colones Thomas William Chester Master defeating the a Gldstonian candidate by a majority of three votes. a The polling was as follows :-Colonel T. W. C. Master (Conservative), 4,277; Mr Harry Lawson t (Gladstonfan). 4,274. At the general election in d July the polling was-Mr A. B, W interbothanr r (Gladstonian)1 4,207; Colonel T. W. C. Master a (Conservative), 4,054. The result of this election Sreduces Mr Gladstone's majority from 4G at which it'istood after the general election, to 38. 