SUEZ MAIL EXTRACTS [NEWSPAPER DATES TO MAY 13.] An American paper states that Milwaukee is fast passing from German to Polish control politically so fast is the Polish population of the place growing, and so disposed are the people of that nationality to act together. Cleveland, Ohio, is another city reporting an unusual influx of Poles. Out of 338 immigrants settling in that place during March, 165 were from Poland, and only twenty-three alto- gether from Ireland, Italy, and Eussia outside Poland. An anti-Socialist alliance has been formed in Paris, and will hold its first meeting on May 21. In its published programme it deprecates interfer- ence with individual liberty, and declares that the dominance of the Anglo-Saxon race is due to the fact that it has followed principles absolutely opposed to Socialism. In military circles in South Eussia (says an Odessa correspondent) great importance is attached to the manouvies which are to take place on so large a scale during the summer and autumn. Some interesting experiments, it is reported, are to be tried in rapid marching, with the view of testing the staying power of the infantry and horses. There are widespread and persistent rumous (says the World) that Prince George of Wales will shortly be made an Admiral of the Fleet, and given the honorary title of Commander-in-Chief of the Navy. It is high time the senior service had a Eoyal chief ; but a purely ornamental figure-head would bo of little value. At a Eoyal Academy dinner a year or two ago the Duke of Cambridge returned thanks, as he always does, for the Army ; but although the Duke of Edinburgh, a full admiral, was present, Lord George Hamilton, a civilian, responded to the toast of the Navy. Surely this ought not to be. The natural and proper head of the Queen's sea service ought to be the Duke of Edinburgh, whose thorough knowledge ! of that service is unsurpassed, and whose popu I larity among its officers is as great as it is deserved. I Among the signs of returning prosperity in Ireland (says " Atlas") may be noticed the atten- tion which is being paid to improved hotel accom- modation, especially with the view of tempting tourists to visit the country and spend their vacation there. Mr. Crossley, Cook's late Irish manager, is the active and enterprising secretary of the association formed for the purpose, and in a few years it is hoped that travellers will find com- fortable quarters in most of the show-spots of the Emerald Isle. The late Lord Leitrim, with a view of opening out the Donegal highlands, gave an order before his death for a wooden hotel with forty bedrooms. I hear it is on its way from Sweden, and will soon be put together. A telegram from Algiers says the whole of the southern portion of the Department of Algiers has been invaded by a swarm of locuBts. The district of Medeah and the neighbouring country has been devastated by the pest, and the cereal crops de- voured. The vineyards, however, have been spared up to the present. M. Monnet, of Lyons, now prepares chloride of ethyl by the action of chlorhydric acid on alcohol, and M. Bengué, of Paris, has devised a glass bottle, on the mouth of which a nozzle can be screwed, which throws a flue jet on the skin, for producing local anostbesia in cases of headache and neuralgia. A curiosity in beetles is now in London, which seems a direct successor of Poe's famoud gold bug. It is, the Daily Graphic says, in the possession of Mr. W. G. Dudley Wyatt, who bought it in the city of Mexico. It is about an inch in length, and not only has it a gold-embroidered coat actually sewn to its wing cases, but its legs, thorax, head, and antenna) are gilded. Mr. Wyatt has taken it to the South Kensington authorities, and has promised to present it to them next Thursday. It is alive, and has a small gilt chain with pin attached to it, and Mr. Wyatt seems to carry it about in all soits of odd positions, sometimes pinned to his coat, at other times in his waistcoat pocket. He left Mexico, where beetles decorated as his are worn by the ladies in Ml the smart sets, and has carried it with him all through the East and India during some seven months. He says it has had nothing to eat during that time, and will live a. captive for from three to four years. Having succeeded in a very few years in dissi- pating a fortune of £250,000, and becoming bank- rupt, Mr. Ernest H. Benzon, the " Jubilee Plunger," was again before the Court of Bankruptcy on May 11, attributing his present appearance to losses by betting on the turf. He has filed accounts showing liabilities £326 10s, with assets nil, and states that he is in receipt of a voluntary allowance for his maintenance of £7 a week from the trustees of his f athel's will. It appears that money has been lent to him by friends upon the understand- ing that it would be lepaid in the event of his winning money on the turf. He informed all the creditors from whom he borrowed money that he was au undischarged bankrupt, and as none of them raised any opposition he passed his examination. Experiments were made during the last trial trip of the German armed cruiser Beowulf to determine the air-pressure at the mouth of a gun at the moment of discharge. Babbits were placed near the muzzles of the guns, and shots fiied. In every case the animals fell dead at once. In order to test the probable effect of the enormous displacement of air upon human beings, figures made of straw were used. These were torn to pieces in every instance. The trials were made with long-bored 24-centimetre ring guns. The Danish Government has caused two hand- some two-crown pieces to be coined, in memory or the golden wedding of tho King and Queen. The heads of their Majesties are stamped on the coins, surrounded by a myrtle wreath and the insciiption, " May 26,1842-92." It is many years since Londoners had the good fortune to observe an eclipse under such favourable circumstances as that of the moon on May 11. A cloudless day was succeeded by a cloudless night, and, there being little moisture in the atmosphere, the various stages of the phenomenon were plainly visible to the naked eye. At 9.10 the earth's shadow was seen to be impinging on the eastern limb of the moon, and it soon became manifest that the lunar diBC would be visible through the shadow, a faot which may possibly be connected with the state of our own atmosphere. At the time of the middle of the eclipse, at 10.53, when only a faint streak of the south-western edge of the moon was outside the shadow, the "man-in-the-moon" and the other appearances on the lunar surface could be clearly distinguished. Soon after half-past twelve the eclipse was at an end. Six years will elapse before another lunar eclipse occurs st such a favourable time for observation, the majority of those ocenrring in the interval being at an early hour in the morning. i \- A machine has been patented, and authorised for use at municipal elections by the kew York State Legislature, by which the act of 'polling is confined to the pressing of a knob markep with the name of the candidate favoured by the voter. A vote is thereupon automatically registered for the I I I, candidate, and it is claim«.! that at immense saving of time is effected in the counting as well as in the polling of votes. The machine has now passed out of tho merely experimental stage, and has been actually used at the municipal elections of Lock port, when the votes given for sixty-four candidates were counted in ten minutes at the close of the poll. The granite sarcophagus in which the coffin of the Duke of Clarence is to be enclosed is now finished, and it will very soon be placed in the Albert Memorial Chapel at Windsor, near to the tomb of the Duke of Albany. The Queen, the Prince and Princess of Wales, and other members of the Royal Family, are to attend a memorial service in the chapel on the day of the ceremony of placing the coffin in the sarcophagus, at which service the Bishop of Rochester and Canon Dalton will officiate. Dr. H. Vaughan was enthroned on May 8 at the Pro-Cathedral Kensington, as Archbishop of the Roman Catholic dioce3e of Westminster. At the close of the religious portion of the ceremony, an addreaB was presented to him * by the clergy and laity of the diocese. In his reply, the Archbishop spoke of the great educational, social, and religious problems that clamoured for solution. The scholars in the Board Schools, he urged, should be taught to h'lieve with divine faith and to practise the doctrines of the Bible. The general principle he laid down was " a Catholic education for every Catholic." The total number of earthquake shocks felt in Gifu, Japan, from October 28 last to April l8, waB 3,631, over 28 shocks sometimes occurring in one day. The solemn reception of the little Crown Prince of Germany into the First Regiment of Guards took place on May 6, the ceremony, in spite of the bad weather, being a splendid military spectacle. All the male members of the Royal House and all the highest military and civil dignitaries assembled in the Lustgarten at Potsdam, whore the First Regiment of Guards formed in square awaiting its new lieutenant. At a given signal the Emperor, surrounded by all the Princes and the Grand Duke of Hesse, appeared, on his left being the Crown Prince. The Emperor took up his position in the middle of the square, and addressed the regiment in a long speech. It was an old custom, he said, for the Prussian princes on their tenth birthday to enter tho army. The Crown Prince was too young to do military service, but the day was meant to make him acquainted with the rules of discipline and military obedience. The speech concluded with three cheers for the new lieutenant. 