THE E.M.S. DOKHARA.7 LONDON. OOt. 16. Fears are entertained for thle safety of tile P. and O. Company's E.Mf.S. Bokhora, running in the Chin line, ,hiieh in believed to ha n beon cnught in a typhoon in the China sons. Tlhe steamer is overdue, and has been re-insured at a premiunT of 70 guineas.. li. Rourier, the Trench lMinister of Finance, proposes to place a tax of six francs on oycling machlines. The money market is hardening, owing to the increasing gold exports. The bank rate is likely to be raised at the end of the month. Bulgaria has coicluded a loan of £4,000,000. A Danish schlooner has beeoon wrecked off Yar mouth. The crew of the vessel were saved by swimming a distance of eight nmiles to the lighlt-ship Captain Cook. The sea was running mointains high at the time. A blizzard has raged over the State of Colorado, United States, for the past two days, doingimmense damage. Many people have been-frozen to deathi. The Irisli leaders have decided'to planeo the funds lying in Paris banks in the name of the late Mr. C. S. Parnell under'the control of a committee of the Irish National Party. Tile Government of Brazil are inviting 1,000,000 immigrants to the Republic from Europe. Tihe B3oard of Trade; however, advises the people of Great Britain not to emigrate to Brazil. It is reported that Mr. John Morley, Chien Becretary for Ireland, has dismissed Calonel Turner, Divisional Commission r for Mansoter. Colonel Turner, it is further stated, has yr tasted against his dismissal, and is prepared to bring forward proof that he has done his duty. Mr. Kioloch ooka is the new editor of the Pall Mall Gszettoa under the proprietorship of the owner of Iop.' Ale, who recently purahased the property. It will probably become a Unionist journal. The French troops in Dfahomey have fought another battle near Abomey, the eapital The Dahomeyans again suffered defeat. The Frenheb I a 24 men. Major-General Rraokheonbury has announced at Simla that Eogland will maintain the independence of Afghanistan against all aggreseion. The St. Petersburg oearrespondent oi the Times says that Russia is considoring the advantages of an offensive and defensive alliance with Austria, nas it is feared that France is webkly drifting towards sooialism. At to-day's sitting of the 'Congregational Union of England and Wales a resolution was carried de manding the dieendowment of the Established Churoh in England and Wales. SThe celebrations in connection with the Columbns centenary are being narrird out in a most elaborate manner io NewYork. The arrangements include a series of splendid pageaots and the greatest enthusiasm is beiog displayed. One of the features of the celebration is an immense symbolio eleotriro ear, containing 3000 lights. Geologists report that German East Africa is virtually barren of all minerals. 