'v,: -2 ALONE >0N A V/IDE WIDE SEA. y ' BYW. CLARK RUSSELL, Author ov':1' A Sea Queen," "The Golden Hope, "J "-The Wreck oe the Gnoapon,,, "The- Death-' Ship," 41 My Danish Sweet- .. heart, " ' &c.; 'y.1 l All, Rights Reserved, 1 1 CflSferKB - XKC— I Converse :,withtiiE,;\ . - :"?.-'Girsr»/- ; :.'U" r: 1Jl few days of ladltryi OppreBave 'calm ,Woro. foUowed'by HVioIeiit storm." I ms slfcfinglwjfcli Alice Leo in her cabin when her mother entered and said: — ! "Such a marvellous sunset everybody declares, never wis seen. Go 'and look at it, Agnes; I will sit with Alice." "I will go with Agues," said her daughter. Sho arose, but her cough obliged her to sit. When her cough bad ceased she arose again, but slowly and painfully, with a heartrending sug gestion of wcaknessand exhaustion in her whole manner. "Do not go on 'deck, dearest," said her mother, 14 the cabin Steps will try you." "Ob, mother, let mego&nd; Jotmegoquickly," exclaimed Alice. "I love to look at a glorious suuset, and tho sunsets here are soon gone." ' Mrs. Lee gazed at her child with a pleading face, but. made no- further f objection, anil .tho throe of us went on deck, the girl supported by her mother, and L Twice whilst ascending the short flight of cabin stairs Alice paused for breath.' There is mucU that T have cause to remember in this.timb, but nothing do I s£o after all these years more clearly than the anguish in tho mother's eyes as sho looked at me on her child pruning for a second tirao during the ascent of that short flight of steps. The sunset was indeedamagnificentspectaclc. The western sky seemed in flames. Deep purple lines of cloud barred the fiery splendor. In the immediate neighborhood of the sun, the light round about was blood rod, but on either hand were vast lovely, spaces resembling lagoons of silver and gold ; spike3 of glory shot up to the zenith, and the countless lino of them resembled giant javelins of fiamo arrested in their flight with their barbed euils glowing like golden stars in the dimly crimsoned blue oyer our ship's mast-, heads. Tho ship's sails reflected tho light, and she seemed to be clothed in cloth of gold. Her figging and masts were veined with gold, and tho glass and bras.swork blazed witli rubies. The swell of the sea was flowing from the west, and the distant glory came running to us from brow to brow, steeping in splendor to the shin and washing the side sf her with liquid crimson light. The calm was as profound as ever It had been ; there was not a breath' of air to be felt save the eddying of.draughts from the swinging of the lower sails.. The sea floated. in undulations of Suicksilvcr into the east, where on the dark blue orizou there hung a' red gleam of soil, showing like a litt le ' tongue of Are;, in the far .ocean recess.- T placed a chair for - Alice but she re fused to sit ; . '/ "Wo. will retrirn to tho cabin In a few minuted," she exclaimed, and' she stood looking into, the 'west,' holding, 'by 'her' mother's and ray 'armi /'/:' ' 'V; 4 She had. put on a Veil,' but. 'she' lifted .16 'to look at the snn,. and thewestern splendor lay full on her face asT gazed;at hqr. Nev'or so painfully thin and white bad she appeared as she now did. m this searching crimson glare; but an ox- .pression rested upon hot countenance that, en tirely dominated all physical features of jfc; it was indeed to my mind then, and still isj as I think of it whilst I write, a revelation of angolic spiritual beauty.. You'might Jiave thought her' hallowed, empowered by heaven to witness the invisible ; for thero was a look in lier gaze whilst she directed her sight into the west that would have made you supposo sho. saw something be yond and behind those flaming gates of the sink ing sun that filled her soul with joy. Her ex pression was fall of solemn ..delight, and bcr smile was like that which glorifies tho faco of one who in dying has behold a/vision of the heaven of God and of the, angcW opening to him. Such a smile, I have read, sweetened the mouth of tho poet Pdpe in. his dying hour. Many who have stood beside the bed of death will know the entranced look. ; Captain Lhdmore, who was walking the deck close by, approached us. ' , "That is a very noblo suiisofc," said he. "Noble indeed," exclaimed Mrs. Lee. "I have seen many splendid- sunsets in Newcastle, and there is no part of the world where you will witness grander sunsets, but never did .1 see such a sublime picture as yon." : ''Sunsets of that sort are rare in tho tropics,", said the captain. "It is noble, as I have said, but I do not like the look of it. It hasapeculiar smoky, thnndnrous appoarance, which in plaiu English means change of weather." "And1 1 hope the change will como soon,' said Mrs. Lse, looking from her daughter to Captain Ladinoro as. though she would have him read her thoughts, 44 these prolonged calms are ernellv h-vine in this mrt of the worhl" 44 Heaven knows I do not love prolonged calms in any part, of the world," said Captain Lad- more. ' 44Tho captains who visited my husband , had. much to tell me about the calms down here," said Mrs. Lee; "They called them the dol drums.' Captain Ladmore smiled; I assure you, " she continued, "I would rather meet wltli a fierce bucricano to drive us. into cool weather at the risk of our Iivos than s'ulfer the con tinuance of 'such a calm as this." ' ' ' Alice and I watched the sunset whilst . Cap tain Ladmore and Mrs. Dee discoursed upon the weathci. .Even whilstwolooked dark, smoke like masses of .cloud had gathered about the hugerayles? orb, . and the splendor went out all oii a sudden Iti a sort of a; 'dingy 'flare that, floated in rusty streaks up into the darkling sky' and swiftly vanished as thnpgh they had been, the luminous trails of. rockets. I looked at. Alice. The last fnint gleam of red touched her' face and then the rapid tropic .twilight swept- westward and " the , giel; in it grew wan as a phantom.' I'felt her shivflr." ' ' " : ' ' " Let, .us rofcurn 'to ,th$; cabin," said I; and supporto'd byher mother arid I she descended. It .was . the last.time that Alice -Leo was ever on deck \ 't''y 1 ?/ ' i ' 'ThpDight;fulfilled the stormy threat of the sunset; ' It 'came on' to blow, fresh shortly after the do'rknesS had- Betfclcd down upon the sea. The stars wore' shrouded, by flying, clouds, but the moon glanced through the many rifts of the winging shadows, and when, I took a peep at the sca/at" haIf;paBt Gf'. that night it was already a wild scene of stVripy ocean. rolling in snow, and the. wilder for tli&flaslibf; tliedarting moon beam; '' ' " At. 10 o'olock it 7was, blowing very hard indeed, :anclihy l.midnigjit ' the gale had risen to half ahurncano'.withmucli lightning and thunder. 'I 'cannot '-remember whether or not the wiud lilow.fair for our course ; tho gale was so heavy that. tho captain. was forced to heave the ship tpj and.all through the night we lay.iu the trougli, rolling and .'pitching furiously with no more canvas ;set than served to keep the vessel in thp'situatibn tho captain had' put her into. , . I got no slocp'tliat nfght. Tho noises within and without.were distracting.. The stccrago pas sengers took.fright, believing tho ship was going down, lighted the lantern and sat at tho table— that is to say, mo3t of the men and two or three qf the women ; and thon by-and-bye taking cour age perhaps fron tho discovery that the ship continued to swim, though still hot being easy enough in thoir minds to return to their beds, they produced a bottle of spirits and drank and made merry aftor thoir fashion and the noise of thpir flinging was moro dreadful to hear than the sound of .tho storm. Nobody interfered with them ; probably nobody with power to control thom knew that they wore awake and drinking and singing; : So, &9 I have; said, I got no sleep that night. As the ship lifted the cabin window oub.of tho 'foaming water the. black ihtorior in which I lay would bo dazzlingly illuminafod by violet light ning striking on tho snow like froth upon the glass of the porthole. The sight was beautiful and terrifying. The porthole looked like a large violet eye winking in the blackness. I could trace the crystals of the brine and tho froth upon the gloss as tho window came soaring out of tho seething foam into the fiery flash from the clouds. ' The flaming, blinking disk wa3 as if some huge sea monster clung to the side of the ship trying to pear into my cabin and unable to keep his eye steady at the apertore. It blew, hard all next day ; too hard to allow tho ship , to resume her course. . The captain said if was strange weather to encounter near tho equator. Ho had crossed tho lino I know not liow many times; but,. said he, never had ho fallen in with such weather hereabouts. We wore alt willing, however, to enduro the stormy, buffeting for the sake of the respite it gave us from the overpowering heat. Tho gale was a hot wind, but the spray that clouded cooled it as the 'dow refreshes the breath of the Indian night. The sensation of putting one's head into tho - companion way and feeling the sweep of the spray laden blast was delicious after the., motionless atmosphere that had pressed like hot metal against the cheek and brow. . .. Alice Dee seemed to rally. The saloon was full of air that rushed through it in draughts purposely contrived by leaving open one of tho doors which conducted to the quarter deck; -the breeze filled the girl's berth and she ap peared to revivo in It, as a languishing flower lifts its head and breathes in fragrance when watered.. "Sometimes I think — sometimes I dire be lieve," poor Mrs. Lee said to me, 44 that if Alice has strength enough to survive the ordeal of the -horrid equinootial belt she will recover. Did' not you fancy sho was looking much bettor thi3 morning?. Her eyes have not the bright, . glassy, appearance which shocked me every time I looked at her. And did not you notice that she breathed with less labor, and that- the red of her lips was more lifelike and healthy? Oh, my dear, God may yet hear my prayers, and my heart is seldom silent. If this gale will blow us to the south of the equator and drive us into cooler latitudes I shall live in hope. Bat now wo are stationary, tho ship is merely tossing up and down and making no real progress, and my dread is that when the weather breaks the calm will como again aud leave us roasting." These observations Mrs. Lee addressed to me in tho saloon as I was passing through it on my way from Alice's cabin to ray own berth ; her words wore rdnning in my head, when, after having. occupied myself for a short time in my berth, I was returning to Alice.- As I cautionsiy passed through the steerage, carefully providing against a dangerous fall by keeping- my 'arms outstretched aud touching or holding whatever was nearest to mo, I saw Mr. M'Ewan standing at the foot of the stairs grasping the thick brass bannisters and peering about as though in search for somebody. ' 44 Seen Mrs. Richards?" ho asked. 4 No," I answered. 44 Mrs, .Richards," said, he, 44 answers to the descreoption of a midshipman's cheat; every thing on top and nothing -at bottom. She'd always aboot — she's to be seen cverywhern-and ia never to be found. And how arc you. roaringday?" I told him that I was pretty welt, 44 D'ye know, that you'll begetting an eyebrow yet ?" said he . "I hope so,?' I said. ; :.>n .. ; r 44 Gi'. us hold of your arm," Baid he, "I'll take ye above" , f « . Without giving him hold of. my arm, as he called it, I-said: "Tho improvement in Miss Lee bos greatly .heartened her poor mother; Her hop&is; — " and; I told him what Mrs. Leo's hope .was. . 44 Ye're no talker, I trust,'? said he. - : 44 l ean -keep a secret," I replied.. He pat ono hand on my shoulder, whilst- he. swung by the other hand that grasped the bannister, 44 Your poor friend, Alice Lee," be exclaimed, "will not. live another fortnight" f4 Ob, do not say so," I cried. ; . 440ad lung is useless; the other is bo hampered that it scarcly-cnables her to pump in air enough.for life. How.can sho live ? And who are these, puir creatures— mon and women —girls and boys — brought to sea to die 1 that they may be thrown overboard in raid-ocean? ,Of course no cruelty Is meant — not likely that any cruelty can bo meant; but what greater cruelty would j'o have people guilty, of than to wait tills a puir, consumptive cre&tnre.; post all .hope, then bring her to so% in a ship that is never steadyvwith/ood that she. may not fancy but that they cannot replace by what Bke.could bat, subjecting: her to 2CT climates in a rponth, when.onc climate may prove too much for her? I ara yery sorry to 8Ay that medical men are much, too; much, given to recommending sea voyages for consumptive people when they know .that a sea voyage can do tbem no good. . But the . doctor comes .to the end of his tether. 1 canna save this patient,' says ho to himself, and sorhe Rends the pair thing on a voyage. Hark you now. the rolling i of this ship. D'ye feel Low she heaves aud bounds, and d'ye hoar how the.' wind; roars in the rigging, . and. how nil these bulkheads yawl andsquall, as though there was another massacre of the inncoents going ou downihere?' Yes, ye hear it and ye feel it ; ask yoursel' then if your friend Alice Lee ought to bo. hero instead of ashore — hero instead of lying in a comfortable room upon a steady conch with every comfort- which hei mother's purse could command within roach of iter. She'll; not live another fortnight, I tell you.- i'Whercr'a Mrs Richards ? - No matter. Gi1 us hold of your arm that I may save yo a broken neck " His language so grieved me that when I had gained . .tho saloon I was without heart to imme diately enter Alice'H. berth. Mr. M'Ewan was a man of intelligence, aud i might be sure know what he was talking . about. His roughness, amounting to almost brutality, seemed liko the strong languago and violent demeanor of that fine creation, Matthew Bramble, merely desigued to conceal a thoroughly kind heart; and the note of . ttuo sympathetic feeling which ran through his rough words andhar?k pronunciation accentuated his prediction to my fears and to my lovo for Alice Lee. I seated -myself on a sofa at tho ondoftbo saloon, whero I found a book whioh I placed on my lap and feigned to rend. A few of the passongors! sat hero and thero; most of tho pcoplo v/crc in their berths, and thoso who wcro presont wero clearly in no humor for conversa tion. Half an hour passed in this way, by which timo I had somowhat settled my spirits, and walking with exceeding caution to tho Leos' berth, I lightly tapped upon the door of it. The door was opened by Mrs. Leo, who put her finger upon her lip. Tho gosturo signified that Alice was sleeping, and giving her a nod I passed on to tho forward end of tho saloon thnt I might obtain a viow of chc rolling, straining ship and tho huge frothing sea rushing from under her I stopped out into a recess on tho qu'urtor deck formed by the projection of tho cabin on oither hand, and by tho overshot extromity of the poop deck. This recess pro vided a shelter from the gale which was howling over the bulwarks and splitting iu ringing, piercing whistlings upon tho complicated shrouds and goar : and in a corner of it— of the roccss I mean— squatted tho gipsy woman. She wa3 smoking a little sooty clay pipo, tho bowl of which was upside down. SJio was alono ; a fow of tho immigrants. woro crouching on tho loa or sheltered sido of tho house called thq. galley, in which tho food was cooked; otherwise the decks were deserted. As the ship rolled to the wind the huge seas in masses of. cloudy grey water charged at her as though they must thunder in mighty' falls over tlio rail; but tho noblo f&brio; rose- with dry decks and screaming rigging to the' wash of each foaming mountain, letting it sun aw&y; from under her in a huge streaming sheet of white, and tho wild expiring' foam hissed in the gale with the noise of an electric storm of wot and boil falling' upon a calm sea. The gipsy woman pulled tho pipe out of her month and gave me a nod with a wide grin of her whito, strong teeth. Though her appearance' was sufficiently fierce and. dis&greeablo; to occasion an instinctive recoil, yet,, remembering what sho hod told mo, and how. -what 'she had told mo was confirmed by some strong secret instinct or feeling within me, and by Mrs. Leo's conjectures or suspicions, I resolved to talk with her awhile ; and giving her a nod by way of rctnrnintr her salutation I etepped to her side' motioning with my hand that she should ..keep seated, and when I had . drawn clo3© enough; to hear her speak I crouched against the saloon front to prevent myself from being thrown. 44 Do you want some more of your fortune told, my pretty lady V said the woman, knocking tho ashes out of her pipo and putting it in her pocket. 44 No, I wish to hear no more of my fortune," I answered. ' "I am glad of that," said alio, "I have told you &U; I know, and if I was to tell you mora I should have to speak what is not the truth." 44 1 do not want Any more of my fortune told," said I, "but I wish to ask you certain questions which I dare say you will answer," and as I spoke I put my hand iu my pookot and palled out my purse, from which I extracted a shilling. She took tho shilling and looked at the puirso and said, speaking naturally, that isto.sny without the drawling and' whining tone winch sho had employed when addressing the passengers : — 44 Is that your purse, lady?" 44 Yes," said. I. 44 Did it come withyou into this shin?" 4 Yes." 14 Let me look at it, lady Y \- She turned it about, examined the jnoney.irv it, looked at the purao again,' then returhiug if tome exclaimed, 44 This is English." - ,4How do you know V said L.. . ' ;!ri: "I know many thing3"" flhe.answeredj " and one thing I know is that that purse. \ was "iiiade, in England." , " Well?" said I, finding that she did hot pro-, cecd in bor speech. t "Well," she echoed. 44 YThat 1 would you think, if you was to meet out upon, the sea with a female woman who did not know 'from ' what eountry she came and who had in her /pocket a'r purse made in England with English moncy ra' it, and who likewise had in her mouth good/Ehgr' lish Buch. as you speaks? What.wouTd'you think?" - i-;; 44 1 would think that she was English,", sahl l ;v / .And you are English," she; exclaimed. "It doeauofc help- me' to/khow that," prlci Sho: stared into niy 'eyes, .'bat.maSd Vno answer. . 'I. Ci'. .!.. :/ ""Whom yon told my. fortune," eafd. yoti saidltbafc I was a raarrfed lworman. Sm(Mtheh. feelings and fancies' have visitcu rhd, IilcH make rao believe you are right, .t .No/I' waht to kiiow how you' guessed/ thbt I.was a'married woman?" , / ' ';/'.1.l! ' 44 We do , not guess, wo seei" answered tho Ripfy. : " .;/ . ; 4 Pray do not talk nonsense, but converse with ;mo without any „idea of fortune.' telling,'." You looked.at me. and knew; me/to be a.raarried woman. Plenty of othera'had'lookedatrmelufe nono declared me to be & marriied woman saving, you. ' Tell mo then, what '.you. saw. inme.to enable, you to decide that ,T,'.wasV a married woman?", ' ' V . /' "V ' f.: 44 You are not only a mamed ,womaii," :'aho answered, 41 you ar o also a mother.?" 4 How can you tell that by. looking at mb ?" T criwl, passionately. // .'' ; ; She smiled, but . with nothIng!"bf heriforraer oringing and fawumgcxpressibh.j .Herjirilliaufc eyes seemed to fiamo. into 'mine as she fxed tbem. upon me. - ' ' 44 Why should T foach you my arfc ?" said she. 44 But-even, if I was wiiUue to.teachit Lcould not make you understand' it,'4' There aro some who oan see. clear writing, upon.whatwouldbe whito paper to you arid the , likqsjof youlftiHy-, Thero is that in your face wMoh.maJme/km>w whntl teilyou. ' But look/at yourselfjin a look.-. ing glass whilst I stand behind' and . "point to what I aee, and what- will you behold ?. Nothiug but your face, just as it Is.". ' y- 44 And you can read that I am moiher 2" 'c. . 44 Yes, yes," sho auswered. with; suck ehorgy as made the nod she 'gave fierce,/'. v ' ' 44 Tell me all that you can ;ead ?" 'said ql;' qucstioniughor, not,, believe me, ,b'ecaua& I was oredulous enough to cohceiye .th&;she.)fas a&y-; thingmoro than, a c o m in o np lace,/ ly ing. '6 r t un.6 toller, but because T .hopedjshc 'would be/ablq' to. tell me something to .strongtUch my growing fanole's and feelings.. . . .' 44 You want. meiVto :iell yqu / yourforfuno again, lady,"., said' she, V but: hayq,/I, ,hbfc; said I must invent it I speak mpre?". " I do not want niy fortune; toldl /l wish'you- to mako certain gueucs. You are shrewd, ',Wd a single guess of yoiirs might throw a lighfc upon my mind; and .if yon can give mo back my memory, whatever it may bo ia my po>ver to do for you shall bo done." f She glared at mc as though sho was. used to promises, and disdained them. 44 What shall I //new, lady ?" she asked. 4 4 IF I have children, what will be their ago 1" She stared close into my, face with so fierce and piercing a gaze that nothing but the cxcilc- mcnt of my curiosity hindered mo from xlsiiig and widening my distnnca from her. 44 What will bo thoir ago? . What will bo their oge?" sho muttered, passing her hand ovcr'my face without touching it; 44 why, whether they aro living' or dead they will bo young, and tho youngest will bo au infant that is. hot 18 months old, and the oldest will not yet bo 6. You will find that right." Sho watched me with a surly smile whilst I turned my eyes inwards and underwent one of my old, terrible, dark conflicts. Presently I raised my eyes to her faco and said, 44 How many ohildren do you guess I havo?" .. 44 Guess ! guess !" sho answered; thon onco more advanciug her faco close to raino sho looked at me, drew back and said, 4 4 you have two ohildren." 44 If I am a married woman— why do I not wear a wedding ring?" said I, not choosing to venture tho word guess again, "That was a part of tho fortune I told you," said sho. 41 Tliero are thieves at sea, as tboro aro thieves oh land. Your rings wero stolen." 44Why did not tho thieves steal my purso?" t4 Was I there to soo ?" sho exclaimed, bundl ing bar shoulders. 44Why did they not steal your clothes? why did they not take your life ? You ar.o a married woman, I say, and you should wear a ring according to tho custom of your country,' and if you havo not a ring it is because it' was stolen." She spoke with as rauoh emphasis as. though she positively. knew that what sho. stated was tlio fact. I was influenced by her : I could not help myself ; had she. possessed a plain English loco my good senso must hava ridiculed her pre- monoy Bemg'koptT"" dtTo astronomers havo been discussing tho Igibiiity of seeing tho profile of tho earth's pintains projected on the moon during a lunar yjse. Tho balance of. the evidenco adduced 2 favor of the supposition that ; this is quito feasible, Tho refraction of the earth's o.osphore at tho height of tho highest fqntains would be sufficiently great to throw f sha.dow ou tho illuminated surface of tho Ejn far away from tho shadow of tho earth's fj). The sun's rays oannot pass right through earth's atmosphoro at a loss height' than fen miles, and ' no terrestrial mountain -f roaches that olevation. Observers may jroforc 8ave.themBelvos.tho troubjo of looking t'what oannot .bo seen. . It may bo different tk the profile of tho moon's. mountains on the > during an colipso, tho moon having no biosphere. recommendation has been Issued by tho rd of Trade with regard to tho making up Irailway trains of mixed goods . and passenger \riages, tho .propriety of whioh is fairly open question. Tho recommendation is that in all trains tho passenger vehiolea should bo Xt the engine. The reason assigned is that ja recent accident the pasBonger carriages hind the goods trucks had their continuous Akos rendered unavailable. IJut oji tUo other ' ind, if tho passongor carriages had. been in onfc, and they with tho locomotive had been illod up, the momentum of tho heavy goods ucks might havo crushed tho passenger car- igea .between .i hideous. ; voico began > to /singv-'sonio straqge gibberish, wbich to judge by the "oxpressiori In. her eye, might very- well have been a string of curses. -. Her looks and.bebarioralmcfiedime and with- oat exchanging another word with her I rose and re-entered the saloom. > . V7 - \- « (to bb continued.) 