&DDITIONAL; TO PtelVIOVS TEL/EGRA ilS. LONDON, OCT. 14, The St. Petersburg correspondent of the Daily Telegytaph reports that the Czar's ad visors are carefully considering and weigh ing the advantages and disadvantages of an alliance with Austria. The Russo-French alliance is not regarded as a reliable one, as the Russian Government fear that the French Bepublic is weakly, and that the country is drifting into Socialism, which will cause her rulers to look coldly, if not hostilely, on an autocratic Government like that of Russia. The President of Peru insists on the absolute necessity for economy in order to restore the finances of the country to ia sound condition. He also threatens to deal severely with any revolters. Further intelligence has been received from the Gilbert Islands, from which it was recently stated 500 natives had been sold as slaves to plantation owners in Central America. It is now alleged that the Gilbert Islanders were suffering severely from famine, and it was for this reason that the 500 natives alleged to be sold into slavery accepted food and work in Central America. The Tismes publishes a letter, signed "David Schloss," in which the writer maintains that the facts of the Broken Hill strike prove that the Courts of Con ciliation and Arbitration Act, passed recently by the Parliament of New South Wales, fails to accomplish the end for which it was designed, or to afford an effective means of settling industrial dis putes. A strike of coal miners, accompanied by serious rioting and disorder, has occurred in the commune of Carmaux, in the south of France. The Government, considering that a military force was necessary to restore order, sent a body of troops to Car maux. On arriving at the town the officers in command requested the MIayor, in accor dance with French municipal usage, to pro vide quarters for the troops by " billeting" them among the citizens. The Mayor, a Socialist, absolutely refused to provide the troops with quarters. A debate took place last night in the Chamber of Deputies on the subject, when several deputies main tained that the Mayor of Carmaux was quite justified in his refusal. A French anarchist named Francois has been arrested in London on a charge of being concerned in the dynamite explosion in Paris which some months ago killed M. Very, a restaurant keeper, at whose estab lishment the notorious Ravachol was arrested. A number of members of the Anti Popery Association have drawn up for popular signature and presentation to the Queen a petition requesting her Majesty to refuse assent to the recent election of Alder. man Knill as Lord Mayor of London. Alder man Knill, being a Roman Catholic, declined to accept the post if it were re quired of him that he should officially attend Church of England services, but he offered to find a locams teneas to attend to this duty, and after a hostile display on the part of some members of the Corporation, e was chosen for the position of Lord Mayor. An explosion of fire damp took place yesterday at a colliery in Shamokin, in Pennsylvania, United States. The explosion caused a considerable part of the workings to fall in, and 13 miners are en tombed alive. According to the latest accounts there is no hope of the woen being rescued. Terrible devastation has been caused by a fire which broke out yesterday in Sioux City, capital of Woodbury county, state of Iowa, and situated on the Missouri river. The fire burnt furiously, and a great portion of the city was des troyed before its progress was checked. About 600 families have been rendered homeless. Mr Sage, a South Australian vigneron, who has just returned from an extended tour through the principal wine growing districts of France, states that he is con vinced the wine export trade of Australia will largely increase, provided care is taken in the selection of the vines grown, and the wines to be produced. The princi pal objection taken to Australian wines in England is their want of maturity. The main demand of the home market, Mr Sage observes, is for medium classes of wines, and he thinks it necessary that a more distinctive character should be given to the Australian vintages. The best grapes to grow in South Australia for wine making are, he thinks, the Carbinet and AMalbec. Mr Sage says that the Messrs Burgoyne are doing most commendable work in the introduction and recommenda tion of Australian wines in England. The annual meeting of English share holders in the Freehold Trust Company of Australia took place to-day, when a divi. dend at the rate of 5 per cent. per annum was declared. Mr Aitcheson, who pre sided, stated that the company had reached the limit of its borrowing powers, and that the directors did not propose to increase them, at least until after the return of Mr Young from Australia and the reception of his report. Mr Slade was elected a director of the company. A cablegram has been received in Lon don from Mr Marwick, the accountant sent to Melbourne by the English creditors and shareholders of the Mercantile Bank of Australia for the purpose of investigating its affairs. In this message Mr Marwick expresses the opinion that the reconstrus tion of the English and Australian Mort gage Bank, as proposed by Sir M. IT. Davies, is not feasible. Li Hung Chang, the Senior Grand Secre tary in China-the highest position to which a Chinese official can aspire-is re ported to have become insane. He is 69 years of age. Dr Usher, of Meclbourne, whlo recently published a book on" Alcoholism and its cure," is now engaged in studying under the direction of li. Pasteur the theory of the inoculation cure for cholera. Oct. 15. Count Kalnoky, MIinister for Foreign Affairs in Austria, delivered a speech yes terday in which he made allusion to the present situation in Europe. The Triple Alliance, Count Kolnoky said, is entirely a defensive combination. Nothing lurks behind it; it is nothing more than it pre tends to be, namely, a union of Austria, Germany, and Italy for mutual defence. The parties to the alliance had preferred that they should be bound together by an unwritten treaty, and the fact that they had been content to depend merely on an honourable understanding showed how strong was the confidence reposed in each other by the allied powers. The future outlook, Count Kalnoky said, was perfectly calm. The Government of Brazil has taken steps to bring prominently under public notice in Englanrd the resources of that country, and has invited 1.000.000 immi grants to settle there. The Board of T'rade aruthorities have publlished a notice warn ing intending emigrants not to go to Brazil. OcT. 16. .Intelligence has ben received from China of a virulent outbreak of cholera in the city of Hang Chow. Hundrelds of deaths are occurring daily, and the city is in a state of panic. The appearance of the disease was attributed by the Chinese to the European residents, who were attacked be rioters, and several of them were decapi tated by the infuriated rabble. Mr J. G. Blaine, formerly Secretary of State in America, who unsuccessfully sought to secure nomination as the itepub lican candidate for the Presidency of tlhe United States, is working loyally to secure the re- election of General IHarrison, who was chosen as the candidate of t:;e party. YMr Blaine has expressed a hope that the Irish vote will be cast solidly against Mr Grover Cleveland, the Democrat candidato, as the Democrats were formerly their oppressors. A piteous tale of suffering and loss of life is narrated in connection with the wreck of a Danish schooner off Yarmouth last night. The vessel sank so suddenly that there was not time to lower the boats, and the only hope of the captain and crewi was that they might swim to alightshipat a distance of eight miles from the scene of the disaster. The sea wsas running moun tains high at the time, and only two--the captain and the cook-succeeded in reach tog the lightship. The remainder were drowned. A terrible blizzard has been experienced in Colorado, one of the Northern States of America. For two days without inter mission the sleet fell, driven by a strong wind. Many persons who were exposed to the storm wore frozen to death. Heavy and continuous rains have fallen iu various parts of England, culminating in severo floods. In Yorkshire and North WVales the crops?have been ruined owing to this cause. The dispute between the rival sections of the Irish party relative to the control of the funds which were deposited by the late Mr Parnell with Messrs Mlunrooe, bankers, of Paris, has been settled by compromise, and the litigation which has been com menced in order to settle the question as to which party shall control the fund will in all probability be abandoned. It has been arranged that the funds shall be placed under the control of a joint com mittee. 