SUMMARY, . ' Hawkosbury regatta on Saturday. ' Wreck of the Buster sold to her owner. B.M.S. Arcadia at anchor in Neutral Bay. R.M.S. Oceana outward bound on Satur- day. 'Deputations havo waited on. Mr. Gladstone , In opposition to the Home Rule Bill, but they \- met with small comforb from the Grand Old 'Man. Loyalist gun clubs in Ulster are said to bo . regularly drilling. . ... SirW. Pearce, Conservative M.P. for Ply mouth, has been attacked by the Radicals owing to being implicated as a co-respondent in a recent case. The Conservatives aro satisfied with Sir W. G. Puareo'a explanation, and havo resolved to maintain his membership. Bar silver is now quoted at 3s 2Jd an ounce, being an advance of id since last quotation. Fnris correspondent of the Berliner Tagf.blatt, who was ordered to quit Franco for saying that " Monsieur X," of Panama notoriety, was M. Carnot's son-in-law, was pelted by the crowd as ho was proceeding to tho railway station. His wife and daughter were struck by tho missile, and the latter was severely wounded. " Monsieur X. " was tho unknown recipient of largo cheques from the Panama Oanal Co. Tho Mafia, an Italian secret socioty, has threatened to retaliate on the Inspector of Immigration at Now York for rejecting a number of Italian immigrants. Two magnificent Harland and Wolff mail- liners in'port to-day — P. and O. Co.'s Oceana and Arcadia. Aberdeen, from Sydney and tho Cape, at London on Tuesday. .The Helensburgh minors havo accepted tho decision of the arbitrators, and will continuo work under tho amended rates. Tho Newcastle brnnoh of the Irish Notional League has Bint a cable message of congratula tion to Mr. Gladstone. A meeting of miners at Peak Hill have con demned the notion of tho Legislative Council in rejecting tho Mining on Private Property Bill. J ohn Connolly has been fined £12 14s by th e Braid wood Bench for making a false return under the Stock' Protection Act. A further rising has taken place in the Re public of Honduras. A severe conflict, lasting two hours, took place between tho robels and the Government troops, resulting in the defeat of the latter. The Iossos'fCTo reported at 160 killed, and tho insurgents placed the dead bodieBin a heap and burned them. Tho rebels are now marching on Tegucigalpa, the capital. : The Danish Peace Socioty. has presented a petition, bearing 35,000 signatures, to the King in favor of a world's arbitration instead of war, and a reduction of military. The King replied that there were many difficulties in arranging to substitute arbitra tion for war, and the first stops would have to be taken by the lending nations. Messrs. W. Gardiner and Co. announce that thev havo purchased the stock of Messrs. 0. Newton Bros, and Co., valued at £100,000, at a large discount. The stock will be removed to Messrs. Gardiner and Co.'s stores, 71 York- street, without delay, and will thore he placed on sale. Lord Carrington has granted a remission of 10 per cent, to his South Lincolnshire tenants. A few years ago he niado a permanent reduc tion in tho rent of 30 per cent. The Making' appeal to the Pull Court was decided to-day. An exliaustive judgment was delivered by Sir Wm. Windeyor in the Makins' appeal. _ It is stated that the Mount Plensant Col liery Co. refuses to tako tho dispute at the mine to the Arbitration Court. Two converted aboriginals spoke at Bowral on Tuesday 'evoning on behalf of tho Christian mission to the aborigines. The Bathurst Progress Association has a credit balance of £207. Sir George Dibbs and Mr. T. Slattery arrived at Wagga Wagga this morning. The nominations for tho Murrumbidgeo vacancy, caused by tho resignation of tho . Premier, will take place to-day. Sir George Dibbs will probably find no opposition. Chines show, postponed last week on ac count of wet weathor, takes place on Novem ber 1 and 2. Gladstone declines to believe that tho Irish people are ignorant savages, as some of the Unionists would have him bolievo. Be sure to get in a good supply of Tceliey's Bottled Ale and Stout for tho Easter Holi days. Better than imported, and half tho price." Homo Rule, according to Gladstono, will produce a happy and prosperous Ireland. Gladstone says that property's opposition to E repress 13 an old evil. Ono would imagine 0 was speaking to our Legislative Council. Sir Georgo Dibbs was nominated for tho Murrumbidgee by Mr. M'Grath (Mayor of Wagga Wagga) and Alderman Hoydon. Tho Bourko Council has adopted a by-law forbidding camels to enter tho town excepting during certain hours and by certain routes. Georgo Carter, manager of tho Woonona Colliery, lias been fined £2 and cost's by the Bulli bench for a breach of the Coalmines Regulation Act. The Upper Iluntor P. and A. Association offers nearly £300 in prizes in connection with the show to be held on May 3 and 4. Mr. James Porter, S.M., a resident of Wol- longong for 40 years, died yesterday, aged 05. British meat is supplied to the English gar risons. The British army contractors have too big a bold to be shaken off by the Aus tralian nrticlo all at once. The Assembly resumes its legislative labor on. Wednesday. The Council resumes its , work of destruction about tho same time. The Newcastle and Northern Jockey ClubB have decided to unite in tho race meeting on April 20 in aid of the Hunter River Flood Re lief Fund. About 170 sexagenarians in the Victorian civil service aro to be retired after June 30 on pensions. The Victorian Government Statist has pro- pared a roturn showing the area under wheat in the colony to be 1,382,521 acres. The Tasmanian Government desired to offer a loan of £1,000,000, but the London and Westminster Bank refused to issue beyond £800,000. Tho Tasmanian Treasurer says tho £600,000 just borrowed in London will be sufficient to- meet all engagements till August. M.M.S. Australian, from Marseilles, at Al bany—mails in Sydney on Tuesday. The most refreshing, exhilarating, and healthy summer drink that wo know is Royal. Club Nectar mixed with iced soda water." Steamship Yarrawonga, from Sydney, at London on Monday. Clipper Torridon, from Sydney, arrived at London yesterday with 8003 bales of wool for the April sales, Te Ana'u due from New Zealand this evoning. Easter rendezvous of yachts at Broken Bay. Broken Hill Proprietary Co. to consider a resolution that tho directors bo empowered to dispose of the company's property as they may see fit. Syndicate of English capitalists expected to negotiate for the purchase of Broken Hill's big . silver mine. \- Colonel North's Fullerton, winner of the Waterloo Oup in 1890, 1891 and 1892, has been lost or stolen. A fire at Broken Hill yesterday resulted in the destruction of six shops. The stone throwing business on the house of a widow at Maclean has been renewed with in- creastd vigor. Tho object of tho cowardly attack is afmya- tery and tho perpetrators succeed in avoiding detection . Madame Antoinette Sterling, the celebrated English contralto and ballad singer,- is a pas- seugor to Adelaide by the R.M.S. AuBtral. Mr: Justice Bundly has ruled that the law prevents him' taking a divorce case in camera. "Finn Brothers and Co., Booksellers, Sta tioners, Printers and Publishers, 686 George- ..street," . "Adam Bede's1' Consultations. Our only ad ' dress— Post-office-chambers, Pitt-st., Sydney. Tattersall's Monster Cash Consultations on Donoastor Handicap, run Randwiok, April 1,, 25,000 at 10 ; Sydney Oup, run Randwiok," April 3, 50,000 at 10 ; Final Handicap, 6000 at 10. Address Tattersall, oare of G. Adams, Pitt-street, Sydney. \ . Tattersall's aro the only genuinoly successful ' consultations in tho colony. 