CABIiEGtiRAMS. London, .Monday The rebels in Brazil have taken Santa Catarina.. foreign pressure is being brought to bour to in duce President Peicoto to resign. The Loyalist forces in the Argentine State have | thoroughly defeated the rebel army in the neigh borhood of Santa Fo after a battle whioh extended over two days. Receivers have been appointed in the Jarvis Conklin Mortgage Trust Company of Missouri. The total liabilities amount to 8,000,000dol. The American warships will prevent the rebels seizing property at Eio Junerio. For tho New South Wales four per cent, new loan one firm offered to take the whole of the loan at 100. The average is sure to exceed par, owing to tho revival of confidence by investors in Aus tralian securities. Tho Philadelphia cricket team in their first innings made 525, and the Australians lost four wiokets for 125 runs. Alderman George Robort Tyler has been eleoted Lord Mayor of Loudon. Tho Anarchists have committed dastardly out rages in Spuin, wrecking housos and injuring tho inhabitants. Pallars, who committed the outrage at tho Barcelona military review, has been sen tenced to death. At a meeting of tho Minors* Federation League, it was resolved to allow tho members to resume work at tho old rate of wages, caoh collier being requirod to puy a levy of ono shilling per day to tho strike fund. It is expected that 60,000 will resumo work. Tho revenuo of Great Britain decreased a mil lion and a half during tho past six months. It is expected that tho Now South Wales loan will bo a groat succcss. Tho Foroign Powers pro endeavouring to prevent tho further bombardment of Rio. Tho rebellion in tho Argentine Republic has been virtually suppressed. A mmo at Michigan has been flooded, and 37 men are entombed. Tho New South Wales loan is quoted at 1$ premium. A bomb was thrown into tho Roman Catholio Cathedral, London, during scrvioo, causing great excitcmcnt amongst tho congregation, but the explosion of tho missile was frustrutod. A wealthy Purseo gentloinau has bequeathed £13,000 to tho Imporiul Instituto. Sinm has agreed to a treaty with Franoo under tho conditions of whioh tho lattor evuouates Chanta boon, and will withdraw tho domand for the expul sion of Danish oflioors. Franco has grunted tho Russian iloet permanent shelter and facilities for coaling and repairing vessels in tho Mediterranean, thus infringing tho Paris Treaty. An oxtensivo small arms tuotory is also making repeating rifles for Russia. Sixty four passnngors and crow of an Italian immigrant steamer have died from cholera, and the vessel has boon rofusod admission to Brazil. Later. Tlio Now South Wales new loan shows a further rise, and in now quoted at a premium of £2 2s fld. Tho Philadelphia team doteatod tho Australians in olio inning* und OS runs. 