GERMAN EXTRACTS. | Translated and condensed from the I . . I " Australische Zeitumr. *1 (By J. A. Makkeut.i The 50 years' .Military Jubilee of Kir.13 Albert of Saxony, who, as commanding general, tnnk active pan in the Fniici German V»»ivi I»»-TI. in. .-v.. were conquerors, was, on the 22nd October, celebrated with great enthusiast".. Emperu. •r :;!V. £•'Vw'smI to the king a tield marshall stall' in brilliants, with two very Mattering autographic letters. The renowned Pr. Rudolf Virchow, Berlin, has during 50 years practised as phy cician, and rendered good services to science. The " Reiclis Anzeiger " announces that General Bronsart von Schellendorf, born 1833, who was chief of tho staff in tho war 1870-71, has been appointed Minister of War. One of the boldest fighters for Jesuits (who are banished from the German Empire), is Professor Hardy, of the University Frei burg, in Breisgau. The professor, who always attacked tho liberal Grand Duke of Baden, has resigned his professorship and retired to the Beuron Abbey. A correspondent of the •" Frankfurter Zeitung" writes:—The giant wheel of engi neer Ferris, in the Midway Plaisance, Chicago, has been used as a temple of hymen. A young farmer, John Ii Miller, of Vermillion county, sitting with his bride in a coach, was married by the Rev. J. Fi. Storm, of Nebraska, to Miss Carrie E. Huetson, daughter of the Postmaster of Long Point, whilst the wheel was in motion. Cold lunch, prepared for the occasion, was partaken of in the wheel as wedding break fast. On the Midway Plaisance people have already been born and died, butMr. and Mrs. John H. Miller constitute the first happy couple married there. The German Reichstag has six physicians as representatives; the French Chamber of Deputies 53 of the same profession. In the old Cathedral at Roeskilde, Den mark, a column is to be seen, on which several sovereigns measured themselves'and entered the result. The height of Peter the Great was SO Danish inches; the present Czar Alexander III., VI Danish inches; King Christian of Denmark, 2 metres 14 centimetres. Narrow shirt collar? will cause repletion of blood, redness of f .u*. headache, swelling of the eyes, even more serious sickness of the latter. A Kissingen correspondent writes to the " Neue Bayerische Lnndes Zeitung," " Bis marck appears to us like an old lion not surrendering to the enemy—gout." The titles of several favorite travelling books used by the ex-Chancellor are given. In the English marine there is at present an extraordinary building activity. The Em press of India and the Grafton, two battle ships, costing 26,724,000 marks, will shortly increase the fleet reserve. 1 Hie engineer Herman (.tanswind, of iiast Frs<is'ai 'la3> with his new invention of a balloon can be steered and which has been patented in Berlin, created a great sensation. The nec^sarv means to prov-3 the possibility of guiding tne aerial 3hip wera obtained by voluntary subscription?. The well-known machine manufactory °T Konig and Bauer, in Wurzburg, is producing a twin rotary press. It consists of two printing-machir.es and one joint-folding ma chine delivering at each revolution 32 news paper printed pages, 10,000 to 12,000 copies per hour. Japan possesses a quite original railway, worked by electricity and carrying ships. The town of Kioto, situated on a large navi gable river, whose ostiary is a lively free port for all countries, is about 1(3 kilo metres distant from a large lake of the size of the lake of Geneva, stretching the same length. Between the town and this lake moves the strange railway, carrying small steamers, expressly built for the purpose. The electric power is supplied by dynamo machines and turbines. It has already pre viously been proved that people formerly unacquainted with steam-power use elec tricity much quicker than older civilised nations. In the German towns of Chemnitz, Karls ruhe, Naumburg, Kassel, and Eberswnlde, instruction in cooking is given at the girls' schools. In Weiasenfels there are at present 52 shoe manufactories, eleven worked by steam, 41 mechanically, suppling especially chil dren and occupying 2,400 workmen. The United States of America have spent nbuut ro j.u i.:.;,—l-*. Ito manufactories. Experiments are being made in the neigh borhood of Minsk, West Russia, whether camels can to a certain extent replace the horse and bull in farming. Camels have already been ordered from Astrachan. A statistical report, published by the Washington Bureau, pays a great compliment to German immigrants as farmers. The "Leipzig Illustrirto Zeitung'' says the Grandmaster of the United Grand Lodge of England, the Prince of Wales, has granted the establishment of a miliary lodgo of the Second Volunteer Artillery Corps. Portion of the 57th Infantry Regiment, founded 1755, seems to have been the eldest regiments' lodge. Upon the whole there have been in the English Army about 150 purely military lodges, but mostly only for a short time. The majority of English Free masons look upon the military lodges rather coolly as entirely at variance with the prin ciples of Freemasonry. The " Bundesblatt " writes:—In the centre of London there is a vast building called "New Frascati," mostly for lodge purposes. In the middle structure we find a winter garden, illuminated by 1,000 elec tric lamps. Several lodges have already made it their home. The North American Grand Lodge, Ala bama, numbers now 356 lodges with 11,178 members. Within the whole Union, there are 50 grand lodges with 10,891 lodges and 090,93" members. Among the brethren of the Alabama Grand Lodge are 004 clergy men. The Freemasons' Lodge in Mexico is at present in the old building of the Inquisi tion. During the first October week the Angli can Church Congress mot at Birmingham. An agreement of tho Vatican with France stipulates that tho Archbishop of Carthage should assume the title Primas of Africa, could only be a Frenchman and draw a yearly stipend of 50,000 francs from France. Dr. Nansen's North Polo Expedition seems to have met with some impediments in the .Timor Straits. A telegram says:—Ex-King Milan of Servia has spent all the funds granted to him and is bankrupt. All attempts to squeeze more money out of the poor country being in vain, lie tries to induce his son Alexander to set aside the constitution and to have fresh taxation. In Rio .Janeiro 1,500 political suspects are in prison. The attempt to kill General Caprivi has been followed by a similar one on the life of Eiup'iror William. An infernal machine also sent from Orleans, France, was so carefully concealed in a packet that its real na:urc could not be guessed. However, tho Emperor's "Wache" (guard) had his suspicion, and succeeded in preventing an explosion. On closer examination, two bombs were found containing a most dan gerous mixture of destructive materials, and experts declare that if the attempt had succeeded a fearful catastrope would have followed. England and France have accepted the Chineso proposals to acknowledge tho land of Mekong in Siam an independent State. The Botanical Garden. Adelaide, was on Sunday visited by 4,000 persons, who liat-ened to a good concert. Collection in conclusion. Sir John B. Thurston, British High Com missioner of the Western portion of the Pacific Ocean, has issued an order that crews visiting the Union, Phwnix, Ellia, Gilbert, and Solomon Islands are not allowed to carry more than one gun and a revolver. It is in general not allowed to hand over any weapons to aboriginals. On account of some taxes of the current year being unpaid, furnituro of General Menotti Garibaldi, to the value of 3, (90 lire, was, on the 10th, 12th, and 25th September, sold by public auction. Menotti, Garibaldi's eldest son, who is also deputy, receives from the Italian State, like all tlu General's descend.nits, an allowance of yearly 10,000 lire. Through the latest buiJr?;ng and bank ing failures the family lias sus'a<ued con siderable losses, hence the difficulty in meet ing the claims. At Like Mulligan, South Australia, 51' chests, containing, a3 it is supposed, skele^ tons of antediluvian animals, have recently b-'ou cxhuiuc-d and sent to the Adelaide Museum. A collection of German sermirs by iho Rev. Erwin Becker, Pastor at Brisbme printed by Isambert unci Co., is highly spoken <>f by the Adelaide " Australische Zeitung." Extracts are given. • The fortress Kufstein in Tyrol will be sohl to a private syndicate of Munchen specula tors. I- ItMWfV l->r-o number of 85,00 > per sons, mostly ueaaants emigrated from Runs'a to Siberia. In th« depirtment of fvinajriF, Government Kit If, 12,400 farms r.iv. vrit cattle. The German Major-General von tier Goltz will, according to the " Ko'nische Zeitung," remain in the servico of Turkey for additional three years, returning after that time to fatherland. He receives a yearly salary of 40,000 francs. Goltz Pasha has unlimited leave of absence with option to re-enter the German army. The editor of " Zukunft," Maximilian Harden, had recently an interview with the Russian finance minister in St. Petersburg, in which the results of the tariff war between Germany and Russia were ventilated. Herr Witte states the population of Russia to be 120 millions. The Leipzig "Illustrirte Zeitung," writes:— Pope Leo XIII has handed through Cardinal Rampolla, state secretary, a large silver medal to Professor Dr. Wiegland, Strasburg, for having arranged and classified the Refer ence library in the Vatican archives. ' Diving ducks not only live on vegetable matter, but devour also smaller birds, a case having been observed in which one of the former bipeds despatched a sparrow and was nearly choked in the poiforman;e. Before the federal Law Courts of Lnnis villi) and Richmond, America, interesting law suits are at present pending in which the mother of the often-named Mrs. May brick, the Baroness von Roques of Rouen, in France.is involved, representing property to the value of 20 million marks. TheBaronesi is a daughter of the millionaire Darius Hal biook of Philadelphia and married after the death of her father, who left her fabulous riches, the Austrian Baron von Roques. The issue of this marriage was a daughter, no=y confined in an English house of correc tion iVlr». Maybrick, at Liverpool, being sentenced to death for poisoning herhusband. The sentence was commuted to imprisonment for life. Mr3. Maybrick and her mother lived some years in New York, and from that place several petitions were sent to England for mitigation of sentence. When the fearful accusation was hanging ovsr the head of the young wife, B.ironess von Roques was compelled to sell extensive properties in Kentucky and Virginia to obtain money for her daughter's defence. A portion of the bill of sale had to be signed by Mrs. May brick in court. She was already found guilty. As in England, condemned parties cannot transfer any property, the question was to obtain delay of the official pronounce ment of the sentence. Spotter, the then Consul ox the United States in Krefeld, who represented her lawyer, obtained the delay. Mrs. Maybrick her mother, and Baron Roques signing the documents. Twenty minutes later Mrs. Maybrick was sentenced to death. The legul proceedings are now against the lawyer for alleged mismanage ment. A settlement of accounts is insisted upon. 