FRIDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1893. The removal of the coal-boring drill from the Capo Otway forest partakes somewhat of the character of a historic incident. It recalls many ardent but baffled hopes. It brings to mind also how much unmerited abuse was cast upon a man who really deserved rather well than ill of Victoria, namely, the Mr. MACKENZIE who, years back, was brought over from Newcastle, N.S.W., to view the coal indications of Victoria. This officer said a great many things which were unpleasant to the sanguine at the timo. Perhaps for a sedate Government officer ho went too far in ridiculing the good pooplo who, as ho said, with the vvliolo strata of the country shown on a cliff side, or in a ravine, persisted in fondly sinking a shaft a few hundred yards away, but substantially our visitor was right. Ho described the Otway i'orost, Colac, Northcote, and other places as non-carboniferous, and so far his judgment has not been dis- turbed, and ho advised a thorough pro- specting of the then unopened portions of Gippsland, in which direction tho coast seams of S.E, Victoria appeared to be trending, thickening and becoming less faulty as thny dipped. This antici- pation has proved to bo ominontly correct. If Mr. MACKENZIE'S advice had boen fully followed, there would havo been fewer dummy companies in tho past -compauies which may have enriched tho promotor, but which have certainly impoverished tho investor-but there would havo been moro honost work done and a much greater progress with honost mining. Speculators would havo been loft with claims on their hands, but the resources of the country would havo been more quickly de- veloped. There is no doubt that sorao of the seams 6truck in recent years in Gipps- land are superior in thickness, in quality, and in working facilities to any operated on before. They aro ap- parently of commercial vahj&r-and; this, of course, is the main point. The estimates so freely put forward by tho brilliant writers of the glowing pro- spectus, that so many millions of coal exist in a particular district, provoko only a shrug of tho ¡shoulder from business men. There may be millions of ounces of gold in so many reefs, but any assertion of tho point goes for nothing. 'Die question is, How much gold is there per ton ; will the quartz pay for crushing 'I And it is tho saino with coal as with i quartz. The moment payable quartz is ¡struck, work commences in good j earnest ; and so soon as a marketable seam of coal is cut, lifo and energy and money aro thrown into tho mining development. In the absence of a marketable seam, no angry writing about "ringa," "prejudice," and " collusion " docs any good ; and, given a good and profitable seam, then no vested interests could retard for forty eight hours its utilisation. There is always now capital available for hope- ful ventures. No men have less of con- sideration for people already in a trade than capitalists who see their way to ! making money by a new investment, ¡ and with labour it is much the samo. Enterprise, also, is uovei' discouraged by scientific prediction-when there are solid facts that make the other way. Dr. LARDN_.I's declaration against tho steam-engine afloat did not prevent steamships crossing the Atlantic. If, as is declared, Mr. SELWYN, the ex-Government geologist, once upon a timo spoke slightingly about Vic- torian coal measures, tho inci- dent has, probably, had about as much practical effect as Lord Mi'L no0RXc'i. disrespectful allusion to the equator. The dictum of coi tain geologists that auriferous reefs would become poorer as they dipped has not, wo aro sure, prevented one shaft being sunk in Victorin. Thora is no doubt, however, that Government officers ought to bo most cautious in their reports, whether their tendencies ave optimistic or pessi- mistic. We havo just had to publish a statement fiom a Mining department ex- pert that as a tin-field Mount Wills is a failure. Yet not so long ago tho company-promoters were culling splen- did descriptions from Mining depart- ment reports as to the possibilities at Mount Wills. Thus many people were lured, some to loss and some to ruin. Dicta from an official source cannot be too closely scrutiuißed beforo publica- tion. . Wo shall hope that the futuro of the new coal districts in Gippsland will bo as brilliant as prosent prospects are I held lo justify. At present the industry does not run alono. Tho lîaihvay (Join 1 missioners claim and obtain a grant of £25,000 for this year, as they represent that they aro so much money out t of pocket by the id. per ton rate which they charge. Apparently thoy estimate this rate as equal to a bonus ol' somewhere about 2s. per ton. Next year probably .£50,000 will need to bo put upon the Estimates. But if the mines open up as thoy aro expected to opon up this concession will gradually become unnecessary ; and besides, with proper haulage power, it is by no means sure that tho coal cannot be carried for id. per ton per mile. With skilled management this rato could probably be made to suffice. Iiowevor this may bo, Victoria does not grudge the expenditure of money to de- velop tho national and natural re- sources of the country. An expendi- ture in this direction comes to an end in duo course. It is open and above board. The country knows what it is doing. Such an /expenditure is there- fore different altogether in character from a continuoas and hopeless outlay for the working up of imported goods under unfavourable conditions, the in- dustry developing no Victorian resource and never gaining an independent position, but remaining for all time a drag upon the taxpayors and a charge upon production. Mr. PATTERSON has appealed in the new character of explorer and moun- taineer, and, whatover elso may bo thought of his recent trip over the Alps, it must bo regarded as re- markable that until within the last fow days no Premier had tiodden tho high ground over which ho has just passed. It is difficult to believe that in compact Victoria thero is territory almost wholly unknown fo nine-tenths of tho popula- tion; aterritorythrough which a Premier and a body-guard march n.s through a strange land. No wonder tho residents complained of being neglected, and looked upon Mr. PATJT.RSON'S visit as the harbinger of belter times, mentally measuring the good that is to follow in the form of a liberal public expendi- ture. It would bo deeply disappointing to thom if nothing tangible resulted from the trip. If Mr. PATTERSON " discovered " Omeo and its surround- ing territory, the pooplo equalised mattors by discovering that Victoria had a Premier and a Government, and it will not be their fault if the relations now begun with that Qovornmunt do not opernto to their advantago. In tho present eirenmstancos thero is much to bo said for their plea for holp in dovolop ingthoregion. If thostn'to hadnovorbeen paternal tho Alpino country miglitjwoll bo loft to itself to work out its dostiny as best it may, but as every man up there is paying a heavy sharo of taxa- tion for tho benefit of others in moro favoured districts it is right that thoy should mako their claims known. And especially may this bo said in viow of tho prospçcts of the hiLherto neglectod quarter. Reports slrongtltou the belief that tho mining wealth of 1.1 io hills and valleys ,is great, and as what we most particularly' neod at this juncture is a now gold-field,- thero is something to be said for tho demand that ovory- offort should be modo to dovolop the resources of this vory pro- mising division. In timo it is to bo oxpoctod that tho great highlands will havo ii distinct population, differing in characteristics from the lowlandors. Mr. PATTERSON was persuaded of this by the appear- ance of tho men with whom ho came in contact, and it is pleasant to find bira bearing testimony to their energy, self reliance, and adaptability. The lifo they lead makes for stamina mid character, and it is not morely a dream to anticipate the time whou tho people who live in tho country will bo tho mainstay of Victoria. Jncreaso of popu- lation is what is most needed, however, and a Government freed from restraints imposed in tho mistaken belief that a small community must bo richor'than a largo one might help forward tho development of tho East Gippsland electorate in a surprising way by importing people from the mountains of Scotland or Switzerland to settle in the ranges thore. Unfortunately, such a policy seems for tho present to bo out of tho question in Victoria, whoro politicians aro not all public spirited, but nono the less it is the policy that would best meet the requirements of this " new '' district. ? Failing Euch a course, the noxt best thing to do is to ondcavour to settle somo of tho surplus men and women of Mel- bourne in the territory, and this matter it appears is to engage the serious consideration of tho Ministry. The descriptions of the country and the advice of , experts who know almost every aero of it encourngo the belief that if an early beginning woio made largo numbers of people now idlo could bo converted into wage-earners on tho mountain Rlopes before the winter sea- son sets in. Alluvial mining almost invariably yields good returns to good workers, .and it ,would be a usoful object-lesson to have a scoro or moro of such men transferred from tho city to that country at the earliest possible opportunity. In no part of Victoria is capital more required in connection with mining than in ' Eastern Gippsland. The difficulties of approach, the refractory character of tho ores, and other obstacles inseparable from working in new arcas, chock the speedy develop- ment of the reefs, which are said to 'exist in great numbers in tho hills. TJndor a scientific system of mining only possiblo through the employment of capital it is probable that the now gold-fiold for which wo sigh may be discovered in tho mountains over which Mr. PATTER- I BON travelled. Tho indications at. Cassilis point in that direction, while at Glen Wills it is not less evident that good roofing country is being opened up. It is important that attention should bo directed to the resources of theso places, with a view to see-| ing if the inducements to put money into tho mines are as strong as ' has been stated. To a largo extent this is a case in which capital must minister to itsolf, but tho Mining de- partment may be urged to disclose as fully as possiblo the character of tho deposits so far as it has been ascer- tained, so that investors may bo guided in their ventures. This is the legiti- mate function of the Mining depart- ment, and under its present manage- ment it may bo relied upon to do its duty in this respect. PiofcBBor MORRIS was light beyond doubt nt the fcdciution meeting It is uboloss for politicians lo win applause hy eloquent puorattons at public mooting« so loinr its thev aiouso ill fooling by imposing nutating imposts whouovoi thoy obtuin fclio opportunity bil GRAHAM Bn ia throws up Ins cap in the au foi Australian unity when clioois ¡no to bo won bj so doini/ 'J hen why at o\ ery tuni lins ho homdit to disci inn nuto as iij, mist produce coming fiom the Wrong bink of it liver 01 tho fuithci Kitto of a mouduin of lontiitudo whoso cruet position cannot bo dohncd ? Sn Gi VHAVI BLRRY is no worso Ulan othoi people ITo is only one snmct among many, and nowspipors havo to bo included m tho lint of ollondois of this clima iib well as mon llioso poraoiiB and these papcis iro icudy to shout with oifliu ciowd 'llicy bay to the Austr iii ins,, A\ o ito w ltli you altogothu Anil they buy lo the fannel, ' Stick to us and wow ill isolait " Vjctoim fiom ouo and all of the " coluniLS ' And it is theso trimmers who do tho misilnof It is thoy who constitute tho chiof obstacle to fcdci iLion ho fal as Vicloim is concoinctl, foi llioy ciuso Victoua tobosneciodittoutHidooin limits, and to bo distrusted bocuibc our words and oin actions do not coi respond It is to thom wu ovvo tho charge that Victoria JH hypoei ltital in tho inattoi Fedeiation nu ans tliu eication of Hie ono Austialian markut, and if the one Ans trail ni mailed IH not to bo cieated it is no Ubo talking alvout fedoiation 11 r otu pirt we confess that it is dilliciilt lo hoe why Vietoua Hhould sutloi molo from the ero »tion of tho Austr tliuu nmiket thin Now York stiito suffered by the coming Uyolhur of tho Ameiiciin Republic, lb in Out ino Biiiloicd by tho OHIHIJII ihmonl of the Dominion, 01 any Golman stale, Hanovei 01 Lavinia, was mimed by the formation of tho /ollviium which preceded tho Empire Individu ii Btates havo ofton bcon afraid of fedoru tion, but not un íimtiinco can bo quotod in which tho pobsimiBls and thoir toiobod nigs woro not altou;othor wrong On the ono hand, politicians n ho talk smoothly about Austiiilmn unity, and who go into public life and impose duties which set colony against colony, nro tho worst Gnomics of Uio cnuso. Un tho other hand, it may ho -lint, wo ought to look upon Homo of tho sneeclios at thu conference ns an indica- tion of a do.siru to swing round-and converts uro welcome. It is for tho spcultors in question lo pruvo thoir sincerity by ¡\ockinu: always to reduce and never to incro'ise tho friction caused by intercolonial dulies. Thu words may bo addressed to thom, "Go"-into Parlia- ment-" and sin no moro." iSovoral Kuropoan Governments have sent sympathetic messages to tho French Chamber of Deputies mid mado lamont ovor tho fact that a reprusontutivo asscmbly had boon directly assailod by thu bomb-throwors of tho Anarchist party. Tho result of tho outrage has boon to set tho authorities of avery country on thoir guard. In Grout Britain ospociid precautions aro to bo Inlcon to frustrato any Anarchist plot, and in tho United States of Amoric.i tho sonti.es of Congross lnvo bcuu doubled. , On both nidus of tlio Atlantic theru is tho ono idea, that tho Anarchists havo now roaolied a pitch of audacity which can no longor bo tolerated. In Franco tho law has already boon altered, despite tho protests of M. GOULET, who has now bocome tho leader of tho Socialists, and tho Govern- ment will havo a greater control ovor journals that incito tho public, directly or iudiroctly, to crimo. All foroign Anarchists aro to bo expelled. Tho Eussiau or tho dorman who has boon cultivating tho scionco of dynamito und tho ait of living in Paris will hu sont Auross tho frontior. Tho as- sociations aro to bo broken up und tho actual culprits lo bo punished with death." But will the remedy bo offectivo 'I Ono dynamiter may perish hy tho guillo- tino, mid a score of others may bo allowed to uuiUu thoir escape lo foroign countries. VAILLANT, tho author of the dosporate outrage in tho Ohainbor of Deputies, lios in u trap, but somo of his comrades may bo making l.hoir way lo London, or Brussels, or Now York. It is ' nob enough for the nations to sympathise with tho French Parliament, Clearly thoy should make soma ofibrb to co- operate with tiro Fronoh Govornmont und with oaoh other, and rofuso any sort of harbourage to the scoundrols who glory in wholesale destruction and wanton murder. If it is necossary to break up tho Anarchist associations in Franco, tho nocossity is equally great in all other civilised countries ; and the Governments should work together. In speaking yesterday of tho proposul o£ tho Qoveniment to obtain a railway manager from the United States and of the agitation against that proposal, the Premier said'tlmt the Hallway department had for a number of years been in a groove, and it would require an intelligent, energetic, and capable man, with new ideas mid modern training, to lift it out. Before the Government thought of sending to America for a manager inquiry WBB made as to whether «nitnblc successors to Messrs. Francis und Kibble could be obtained in the department, but the Ministers were told that there were none possoBaing the necessary qualifications, though there were intelligent ouiocra.whoperformed theil title» towhich they had been trained in an admirable manner. Mr. Patterson Biiid that the (iovernment would be willing to send three oll'icero to the United States (in addition to obtaining a manager from that country) to gain know- ledge of cheap railway construction, the manufacture of rolling-stock, and the control of' traflio respectively if three smart men with receptive minds -and ready grasp could be found. The Premier hu« no doubt that in mich a large Berviiie there are men with those qualities, but the Minister of Railways has not yet a sufficient personal knowledge of the officials to enable him to multo a selection. The difficulty which Boomed to be in the way was the fear of officiais who occupied slightly inferior positions to the senior ofiicere being chosen, and-causing discontent among those who had been longer in the service. In Biipport of the proposition to send to America for u manager who would revolutionise the department, Mr. Patterson remarked that it was the practice of the Imperial Army and Navy to recall to England officers who were on Bervice abroad every few years, so Unit they could be kopt informed of the latest improve- ments in armament and warfare materials. The~Ncw Zealand Government sent Mr. Max- well, one of the Railway Commissioners, a trip round the world toucquire modern idras in connection with the working of rail- ways, and it had resulted lu it gain to that colony.' It has been decided that Mr. Abbott, M.L.C., one of the honorary members of the Cabinet, shall perform tho duties of Minister of Health during the absence of Mr, lleid in England and Canada, Yesterday Mr. W. M'CulIough, a member of the. Legislative Council of New Zealand, who leaves in the K.M.S. Oceana for Loudon on U'ucBday, called on the Premier. After a con- versation on questions referring to the management of railways und the settlement of people on the lund, Mr. Patterson intro- duced Mr. M'CulIough to the Minister of Defence, who also sails in tho Oceana. The Premier Btatcd yesterday that during his recent trip to Omeo und Blight he did not meet a travelling swagsman, and all the men he Baw appeared to be earning a com- fortable living. On returning to the uietropolia he could not help noticing men idling about the Btreet cornera, having apparently nothing to do and, Micawberlike, waiting for something to turn up. Mr. Patterson ÍB of opinion that these men would better them- selves if they went into the country, where the harvest and vintage will hei in full swing for the next three months, licsides earning a living and supplying the country settlers with the labour they require, these men would obtain a knowledge of agricul- tural pursuits and viticulture which might prove bcnelicial to them should thoy have eventually to seek .their livelihood by culti- vating the soil. The eighty-third day of the railway libel action faund'Mr, Purvcs still in the midst of his luldresB to the jury. In the looming' he dealt at length with the second Head of the four branches into which the COBO for tho defence is divided-that of . subserviency. Under this title Mr. Purves discussed the question of increased train ftic-iljties, the majority of which ho asserted were granted at the request of deputations headed by members of Parliament, and in another and Btill more flagrant class of cases by the members of syndicates who did not hesitate to use their public position to advance their pri- vate interests. The free pass question, which wasnexttouohcd,gaveMr. Purves opportunity for some Beverc strictures on members I of Parliament, and he glcciully quoted a case in which a lree ticket issued to a member, ami snipped as having been used, hud been cleverly tampered with, by cutting off Hie snipped edge, BO its to render itavuilable for other journejs. In another cuse where a member had lost bia pass, paid tlie fare, and obtained a refund, comise! sug- gested that when he lost it one of his friends picked it np. Something very like this was done at racecourses, where one man bought a ticket, went inside, and used it-through j Hie fence. Mr. Purves then dashed into the subject headed extravagance, and WHB Btill speaking on the question when the Court' rose for the day, I Mr. Purves turned the comer of his address ¡ to the jury in the. S/.ciuld v. Kyme libel action j cbtcrriuy when lie reached the third heading ' ol his indictment against the udmiuisliutiun of the late railway commiBäioiiers. This ' branch ol the charge deals with the alleged exlravngance of Mr. Speight in railway con- struction and management, und Mr. Purves regards " extravagance " as the gist of nil the m tides complained of hythe plaintiff. "It waa the writing on the wall," declined Mr. Purves, The colony was in sore straits, h» «nid, when these urticlOB were spurred on by this "reckless waste anti extrava- gance." Our commercial eiedit had been bcsmiialictl, and we owed an enormous amount of debt on the Becurity of Hie very aaset the administration of -which they were now inveBtigtt^ûg. Mr. Forres grew warmer as he declared thut by the " reckless, wanton, criminal negligence and waste" of tho lal« commissioners the colony was being dmeu to the digiadution of nutional "solvency Mr Puru* contended that the plaintiff ha. not attempted to meet tina portion of tin» thurlo iifcattist him, nil recited »hat lie regarded as shocking examples of extrava- gance on the part of the late commis- sioners. The Full Court decided yesterday that the points of law raibed on behalf of Uta. trances ICnorr, who lins been conuctedof the murder ot un infant, were all untenable and that the eonMction must be nllirmed 'J lio objection taken to the action of Mr Justice Itolrojd at the trial liicomejinRtg the jury his own rinding of some of the words blotted out in a letter written by the prisoner was practically abandoned and the most important point argued waa as to whether the judgo waa right in ndmittnw evidence as to the finding of other bodies m the yards of houses occupied by the pnaoner '-he Couit held that no doubt could arise as to tho admissibihty of such culonce in tim present case, inasmuch os there «is other evidenco suflicient to satisfy the jury ns reasonable men that the child waa murdered by the prisoner Hie whole of tlie surroundmgoirouinBtnnces raised such stron¡, suspicion against the pnaoner that the point of law raised could be ot no avail All the questions were nnswered in favour of the Crown, nnd the com iction waa affirmed Mr Tnstioo llolrojd announced tliut sentence » ould bo passed on the prisoner at 2 o clock to da) 1 here was just ono faint glenm of hope for the farmers m bir Uruham Jierry a lecture on protection nt Camperdown lust night. In criticising the pieaent movement in favour of freo trade, Sir ambara Herr) remarked that the principal argument adduced in favour ot that movement was that agricultural interests had been neglected while manufacturing m dnstrtcs had been foatoied Jin large 1 onuses whioh hurt already established ex portaban of butter ns a new and profitable indnstr), together with the protccticn afforded to local]} produced oats maize, beans, potatoes, live stock, frmt, and other commodities of tho farmer, Bhovvcd thatoçn cul turists were not left out In the cold vvhenthe benefits of protection were distributed At the same time,' said Sir Graham and here IB the gleam, " if wheat giowers lind to pa> an excessive price for their implements this might be taken us an indication that mi effective Victorian manufactory of theso articles had not been estabbahed If that was so, the relief which was sought would be as vv ilbngly granted by genuine protectionists ns by freetraders Howevei, the fact that the area of land under cultivation had increased from .100,000 acres in lajG to 2,002,000 ncies in 1810 w os a sufficient proof, lie Bind, that protection had not damaged agricultural interests _ ho members of the lunff Inquiry Howl examined witnesses at Healesville )estetda), but the evidence was of an unimportant character Various views weie expressed, intercolonial free trade und a low tariff against the outside worldbeingndvocatedononesidc and protectionist principles receiving support on the other One witness gave a humorous turn to the proceedings by announcing lura Bell ns a stiong protectionist on principle, but otherwise a fieetmder On being invited to explain himself, lie referred with evident relish to a memorable night which had beea occupied by himself and a friend in an ex hnuBtive argument on the fiscal question loi the Billie of argument only he espoused the side of protection, lint with such force did lie assail lim ndversan with protectionist ideas that he became captivated b) them and had held to them ever since, 'lo day evidence will bo taken by the board at Lin- dale. Yesterday the Council of the School Board. of Advice waited on the Minister of Publia Instruction and asked him to take action toset apart an nnnunl " arbor day" on which stat« school children should plant trees all over the colon), and also to introduce legislation ne\t sohsion to provide for the endow ment of the educational system with Crown lands Mr Halter replied that be agreed with thes.gßis lion concerning the introduction of nu "arbor dn),"imd ho promised to bring the endo» ment question before the Cabinet Ile, how ever, icmarked that he thought, in these days of retrenchment, it vvns worth consider ing whether it was not desirnble to abolish the boards of ndvice, which had very little to do, and transfer their duties to the local councils. Applications for mallee allotments, hems subdivisions of blool: 27«, have to be sent in to the Lands department, or the land offices at Bendigo, Horsham, Warracknabeal, or St Arnaud, not later than to day 'lhere are lid allotments, varying in sire from 245 to Mo acres each 'Hie land is situntcd on the south west sidn of Lake 'tyrrell, and the niartst pure ot it is within l8 miles of the Hopetoun railwn) the tenure is for 10 jours, and the lental threepence per aueper annum An expressive instance of what railway employes mean when they comploin of unfair treatment or breach of faith at the hands ot tho department is furnished b) one man who bus just been íecalled from a neiji bouring colony to resume duty here 'lins emplo)u applied, in accordance with a memorandum issued for the in formation of officers, to be allon ed to retire voluntoiily upon the same terms as those extended to other men compulBorilv íetired, nnmelj, three months leave of absence on full pnj and letirmg allowance On the 17th OetoDei last Ins resignation »is accepted, and he vvus informed definitely in writing bj Mr D Tac!, inspector of works, that his application for Icavl on full pay was ¡,ianttd ^Pon llie faith of this assurance the emploj. in question lelt this c olony to settle in another, whence he has been summoned ly the following curt notification - The Minister liaving directed that all employs who have been retired on three months leave on full poy are to be recalled to work out the unexpired balance of leave granted jou wd please resume dut) under Inspector Tncl at Spencer stieet until the 18th proximo »hen j ou will finally sever your connection witb the department ïho ltailway department will run an ex oursion to Koiumburni to morrow at tho low lures of 4s (Id return for adults, and 2s ( I for children under 10 j ears 'J ho special train will depnit from Prince s bridge at I -J a ni, will stop ut all stations to uullicld in elusive, and urmo at Korumburra at 12^ pm On tho return jounic) the tram vu l leave Korumburra at OJJ pm, and reach Melbourne at 'I IO p ni Hie arrulla nu nt made with the Iiail»iW department tor an intircbnngeubh boat an I rail tu ket between Melbourne and Morning ton at the rate of Os , as announced in J I" Arim of yesterday, is the result of joint action by Mr W 1Î «vans the manager oi the liny 1 xcursion Company, unit _j I'urker, of Huddurt, Parker, and Co Limit«! '1 he tickets will be available bj either tue Ozone or the llygcia from any I nda) to lie follow nig Monda), and will be issued for tne fn-ht time to dm / Afur 40 years experience of Australian life, principally in connection with shippij alliuni, Mr John turnbull, secictar) of the Adelaide Steimship Companj Limited UM bien granted leave of absence lor several months, and left for London on ^«dne9(i'^ by the II M S Oioya, to take a well enrneu bobda) In the intenta tli- duties of the position will be earned out by Mr J .Northcote, the inspector of t >e compan) Mr turnbull joined the Adelaide Steamship Companj shortly after its inception ana he 1ms been so int.matelv connected with its nie lind pro.ress that it is »» possible to dissociate his name from » spirited enterprise that, starting w. moderate »spii.itions, has succeeded J» "ringing to,cthcr a fine fleet of pass ns and cur¡,o steamers, enjoju.,? reumkaWe mm. .ty fiom accidents and casualties of "eu oidimiiy mgn.t.eancc Hie campan has now l-l vessels on the legiater crnpl« about «00 men «ml disburses in «nous vwivH ovir ilOOOOO per annum Oc be,ù,i..n« of 1<77 the «¡cet co sistul "of the Coutil Australia« an Victorian, to winch «io Aiding ,«« subsequently added In 18S2 the cu tal ot the companj was trebled, omi soon. terth Spencer s O al f Compnnj vv as absorbed Iionse-flog of tho Adelaide Company was thereafter carried at the raainmast of the Franklin, Investigator, Flinders, Emu, Lubra, and Royal Shepherd. In the following j car the directors purchased the Otway and Bob Hoy from MeaBi-a. Andernon and Marshall, whose business was also ex- tinguished by purchase, and about the lame timo communication was established Kith Western Austrulia. The Ferret and 1'enola were also purchased from Mr. IVIimliom. In 1881 Captain Lockyer brought gut the Adelaide from London, and early in 1891 the Mullarra, Onriika, and Innamincka ¡vere added to cope with the demanda of the rapnll) expanding business of the compariy. Mr. Turnbull has lent very muterial assist- ance In bringing the llect to its present stan- nard of excellence, and the directors rccentb decided to recognise his services by grantmg him it temporary relief from his dutiea to enablo him to visit the old country. A piece of paper found on the beach at Port Melbourne on Wednesday by Mr. James Howat, °f Albert-park, and forwarded to the bccretary for Trade and Customs yesterday, contains the following ¡nsciiption -.-" To tlie tinder,-Tile ship Ontario, 2,218 tons, London, left Canton for Melbourne with a cargo of tea on the fith October. Met with contrary winds off Philippines. Masts cauied away hy typhoon about the 23rd October. Ship un- manageable ; driven on to a rock about J2ileg. N. by ISOdcg. ]?., the last observation taken on ship being 13deg. 24min. S3sec. N. byllDdeg. llimin. 2Iseu. 13. Crew in boats mulling for Singapore." The signatures of Patrick L. O'Hrennan, mate, anti Itichard Camelon, master, arc attached. <g 'Jlie liquidatoia of lhe Heal Estate Mort | gnge and Deposit llunk Limited will, within /j the next day or two, declare a further divi j( demi of (Id. in tho £1 «creditors. The Mayor of Melbourne presided at a meeting of the Hospital Sunday Committee in the Town-hall on Wednesday afternoon. Correspondence was dealt with, mid the amounts of special votes lo the convalescent homos and the dispensaries arranged for. The honorary secretary (Mr. Williams; pre- sented a report Bbowing a largo decrease in the amount received from the collection, the total at date being £4,899. Further contribu- tions would be received which would in- crease the sum at present in hand, but it was anticipated that the final result would show a falling off of £2,000 as compared with the previous year. The distribution of the fund will be mude during next week, and Sir B. lieiijamin, Mr. C. J. Ham, and Mr. W. E. MorriB were appointed the finance committee to arrange the necessary details. As several \- amoanta hav e yet to be received it is tlesir able they should paid to the credit of the fund as early aB possible in order that they moy be available for the distribution of the amounts to the charities. Unopposed applications for releases from coaita and certificates of discharge will l>e heard hy Judge Molesworth in the Insol- vency Court this morning, but no opposed applications will be heard by his Honour, as he has to oil in the Metropolitan Licensing Court at 12. o'clock-, The sittings in insol- vency will commence at 10 o'clock instead of half-past 10, the usual hour of opening. . The calendar for the December criminal sittings of the Supreme Court, which com- mence to-day, is a very heavy one, and in consequence of that, and of the near approach of the ordinary law vacation, there will be two criminal courts held for the trials of prisoners. Mr. Justice A'Beckett will take cases in the Criminal Court; and Mr. Justice Hood will preside in the Second Civil Court. There are altogether 33 prisoners. Amongst the cases are three for murder, one being that of William Henry Main, for the shooting of Mr. Kellett In mistake for a burglar at Essendon. The prisoners in the other two cases are Rudolph and Francis Knorr for child murders, but it is understood that the Crown will not pro- ceed with those cases. Jlr, J. li. Wilber, the Californian horti- cultural expert, Inst evening delivered a lecture, illustrated by limelight views, on "Fruit-growing in Viotoriti," under the auspices of the Chamber ol' Kural Industries, tit the Fitzroy Town-hall. The ulnyor, Councillor Yager, occupied the chair, and there was a good attendance of Indies and gentlemen present. Tht> lecturer dwelt at some length upon the neces- sity of the people of Victoria paying closer attention to intense culture and irrigation, and cited as an illustration several places in America which were SO j ears ago almost barren wastes, but now had large cities und prosperous populations. He also quoted statistics showing the pro-1 gress America had made through fruit-grow- ing during the pust 20 years, and he felt | t'onlident that the climate of Viotoiia was more favourable . to the production of fruit | than that of the Eastern States. The lec- turer then referred to the progress made at | Mildura, and drew attention to the fact that at a recent sale in London of dried apricots which had been grown at Mil- dura they had realised Is. 2d. per Ib., whilst the best Californian apricots only realised from 5Jd. to lid. per lb. A number of views of Mildura and Riverside, California, were shown. At the conclusion of the lectuic Councillor Al'Mahon moved and Councillor llrujBon seconded a hearty vote of thanks to the lecturer, which was carried unanimously. A number of gentlemen present enrolled themselves as members of the Fitzroy branch of the Chamber of Kural Industries. Mr. Salmon, M.L.A., chahman of the I'hlicrics Hoard, will deliver a lecturette descriptive of his late experiences in con- nection with fisheries administration in england and Scotland, at the weekly meeting of the Fish Protection Society, which will be held this evening, at, 8 o'clock, at the Albion Hotel, llourke-street. Several members of Parliament are expected to bo present, and probably other members of the Fisheries Hoard will also attend ; and on the present, ns upon similar occasions, all anglers or pentleroen interested In mattera piacatorial will be welcomed by the society. A lecture on the subject ol gunpowder and the new nitro-subatitution compound explo- sives was given lost evening at the orderly room of tlie North Melbourne battery of Harrison Artillery, by Di. J. J. Miller, captain of the North Melbourne battery of Garrison Artilleiy. The lecture forma one oi a course for young officcra of the Garrison Artilleiy Militia. The lecturer described the various ingredients of gunpowder and the com pound explosives, such iisnltro-gljceiine, Kim-cotton, and cordite, and influences which ure set at work in the various explosives upon combustion were fully de- luded. Illustrative chemical demonstrations «eregiven by Mr. J. 11. Kirkland, chemical ilemonstrator and P-cturer on metallurgy, at the Melbourne University. In addition to j the class ol young officers there wcie present hieutenant-Colonel Goldstein, Inspector of ] Metropolitan batteries of Garrison Artillery ; Lieutenant - Colonel Templeton, Major I futtrim, officer commanding the Noith Mel- bourne battery ; and Captain Tope. A deputation from the Women's Christian '-Temperance Union waited upon the Rich niond council yesterday to urge that the council should do its utmost to pievent a license being granted for the sale of intoxi- cating liquor on the City Reserve. The inn)or laid that, BO far as he and his brother coun- cillors were awure, there was no intention on the part of anyone to apply for a license. Councillor Arness said ho hoped tim Indiea would not go away with Hie idea that if an application was wade it would not be entertained. Ile could assure them that such nn application would receive the same consideration from jiim as though it weie made for the Mel TOume or any of the other cricket-grounds «round the metropolis. At the monthly meeting of the trustees of the Melbourne General Cemetery, held on the 11th insl., Mr. ,1 ames Hcnnio was unani- mously elected chairman for the ensuing lear. 'The Victorian Railways Military Hand will play a programme of muaio at Mordialloc on facsday ciening next, on which occasion an fscursion train will leave Melbourne at 7.30, lunl leave Mordialloc on^tho return journey U10.5. ï)l0 return fares from Melbonrne, Mil all stations to Toorak inclusive, will be 1». 3d. first-clusB, and 9d. second-class. The annual meeting of the Impeilal Federa tion League will take place in the-supper room of the Melbourne Town-ball this evening, at 8 o'clock. Supporters of the movement are invited to attend. ' Tho Italian Opera Company will appear for the last time to-night in the double bill, "Cavalleria Rusticana" and "I I'agllacei." On Saturday evening "L'Atnico Fritz " will be presented. ' ' The members of the Melbourne Liedertafel will give their usual Christmas " smoke con- cert" on Saturday evening in the Athenoum hall. Among the soloists will be Messrs. H. S. IC. Ward, C. Boosey, Ti. M'Hae, L-* ileissner, and P. Josephs. Mr. E. Hosking, the well-known ventriloquist and humorous entertainer, has been engaged. Part songs by the following composers will be given : Mozart, Lachner, Stritüko, Siede, Gounod, Do Kovpn, Becker, and GenCe. A collection will be received towurds one of the local hospitals at the close of the performance. Tho umiual conversazione of the University Extension Board will take place to- morrow evening, in the Wilson-ball, at which the following will be the programme :-S.15 p.m. -Symphony in G, "The Surprise"(Haydn), the Melbourne and University Orchestral Union (bon. conductor, Professor G. W. L. Marshall- Hall). Í1.15 p.m.-Chairman's ad- dress. U.tIO p.m. - " Der Lindenbaum " (Schubert), Herr Hortung ; BoiigB, " Sing, Sing" (Kj'erulf), "Wood Wanderings " (Grieg), Madame Steinhnucr; piano Bolo, Chaconne in G (Handel), Herr Benno Sobered. ; Mio beiden Grenadiéie (Schu- mann), Herr Härtung; songs, "Danish Itomniicc" (Heise), "A Vain Desire" (Max Vogrich), Madame Slcmhauer. Messrs. Thornton and Arnold's season at the Bijou Theatre will terminate on Friday, 22nd ¡nat., and the entire company will leave forSj'dney on the day following. To-morrow, therefore, will see the last Saturday night's performance of "Charley's Aunt" in Mel- bourne. A benefit performance will be given to- night in the Athemeum-huU to "Little Lillian," the champion rifle shot of the world. The programme includes recitals by Miss Maud Williamson and Mr. .1. I1'. Cath- cart. , The Archbishop of Molltoui-no (Dr. Gurr) has for- warded us a cheque for £10 (or the Ladles' Associa- tion of Charity ol SU Vincent da l-iil. From Mr. Andrew Tatt u-e have received £2 10s., to be distributed as follow. :-los. each to tho Mel- bourne Orphan Asylum, the Deaf nud Dumb Asylum, the Ullnd Institute, the Children's Hospital, and tho Prahran, South Yarra, and Toorak l/ulicg' IJeuevolent Society. A contribution of 10*. has been Kent to as by tho clerks of Messrs. Ilr-ham mid Pirani for the Immi- grants' Home Tobacco Fund. The hon. secretary ot the Carlton Refuge deslren 10 acknowledge tho following minis towards the Christmas treat for Iho inmates :~Mrs. Don. Alun.o, Ca.; Mrte doe, 10s.; Urn. Turner, 5s.: Mi. Kernot, fin.; Mi« I:. Kernot, £1; Mt.. IV. S. l'uc.lo, (is.; Mr. Cottles, a quantity of fruit, vegetable., and now potatoes. The handsome sum of £111 wai realised hy tim "lawn party" alvon In aid of the funds of the Prahran, South Yarra, and Toorale ladies' llenrvoltnt Society at Olenbernic last month. The committee were well satisfied with this amount, which waa especially wclcomo, as all their available income had been expended. The ground» of nippon I ea, Elstern« iclc, the f es1 donee of Sir F. T. .Sanrood, will bß ojien to-day, when a {rarden fttt ami fanny fair. In aid of the Kasfc St. Kilda Congregational Church, aro to bo held from 11 tllllil o'clock. Indoor and ojien-air concert. vviU be given, and other attractions will be provided. A sale of work and promenade concert ia announced to be hrld thin afternoon and evening in tho Masonic-hail, Abouti ale, in connection with tba guild of at. Paul's Ohmen. At Um monthly mocllng of the Field Naturalista' Club of Victoria held nn ilonday cv oninir the Itev. IV. Fielder, who has ncted as lion, secretary to the club for nearly four year», tendered his resignation, which waa accepted willi rofitoi, and Mi. Ii. V. O. Ash- worth was nomhiulcd to take up the woilc. In connection willi tile l&iseiidon; Poultry and Dog Soclotv a novelty In thu shape of a "gooso fair" is to bo held next wcuk al Mpom'ii Ponds. In addition lo jreeso, ducks, eggs, cakei, toys, and fruit Mill be on «alo. ' A Christmas Fair will be oprni'd In St. Andrew's Presbyterian Church, Carlton, this afternoon, by Mrs. ft. Harper. Particulars are niven in an adver- tisement. The Caledonian Society of Mctbouine held a " smoko " concert at the Freem- soiis'-haU last »Ililli. The alUcntlance was veiy large, and the entertain- ment, in which Scotch music was predominant, proved highly enjoyable. The nrouramnio opened with a'dance entitled "Caledonian Manolis'Dance," composed hy Mr. 0. .Malcolm Hassell, und performed by Masters Hamlet! W. llussel) and Allan noss, after willoh some of the must popnlnr of the Scottish sones were rendered by Mr.'.Tnines Wood, Mr, VY. Clarence Fraser, Mr. Archie M.4Lnron, Mr. D. U ltobie, and Mr. Frank ¡ Uavirl*pn. Amongst other items of a lengthy piograuuiiu, Mr. Charles Iloosey Hang "Come into the Garden, Maud," with great success. 