Toe Oft;,- Council should have little difficulty in dialing with the application of the Syndicate desiring to obtain v&ter; from ihe St. Patrick's RiV»v to slnioe one Lisle gold«cld. tt t» 6 matter that resolves Stself Into th« «ry limploit of formnlosi bamely: — Is ti,M csnrplns ?uppiy ranntng to «rast«, and can it be Utilised withoot pr«Bent or future detri aent to the interests already ;«vTj!fed ? Here the Oonncil hat before U a Very straight coarse, from which if it tn*nage- toj stray it will g!Te evidento toTl, posT tively phenomenaA .ftapKity for going wrong, Ko nMte will deny that the two ivorjortftnt faetorn in fhA fnr.rm «»«?_ perity of the colony are the development of its agricultural and of its mineral rejouroes. Therefore, whwer 'ftiUully retards either of tk*ss iets a stumbling blocfc in tbe fray of the public, and com mit! Sllii policy absolutely suicidal. The converse equally holds, that whoever assistB in ei ther of these directions helps to advanoo the common welfare, and seeing that the City Council is specially charge! with this very dnty Its oonree in the ™m« It u ol«»r as daylight. That gold in payable quantities oan be ob tained from the Lisle field if water can ba procurable cheaply, and in snfficient quantities to pertnit of ektenBiye sluicing operations; is generally admitted. At any rate here is a syndicate with suffi cient faith in the prospect to put money on it, and accept the risk of the ventnr* if enoouragement be given by way of as sistance in tbe matter of establishing the £tto conditions precedent above-named. The opening up of the enterprise will give work to a Urge nnmber ef men. and its Hncoflaa will rM«an *h_ sorbing a labor power vastly in exceBS of that now going to wast' ii the streets of Launceston and Hobart for wa»t of employment. The correctness of this estimate rests upon the fact that the Lisle field, now de serted, formerly carried a popula tion of about two thousand. So it may agBin if this project be imple mented , in which event it is certain that the benefit could not stop at the bouadtiy of the field, but would flow over io rills and streamlets in every direction, a very large proportion of it rahnlne through Launcestoo nnrrjiner cial channels. As a case in point, furnishing a forcible illustration of this, let us take Lefroy, an erstwhile deserted field. Last month its output of gold was 2198oz, value f«625, of which £(!C26 was paid in dividends. From the known character of the shareholders it is safe to conclude that this sum soon found its way into circulation, and thus everyone benefited by the stronger beat of the financial pulee. Things have not been bright in Lannceston for thn last twelve months but, let it be asked, coin set free by the mining in dustry ? Hence the direct interest which Launcest«n has in promoting mining enterprises, and hence the duty binding upon the City Council to afford them all possible encouragement. But the City Council has also other duties to perform, and among the tne-Bt im portant is that of conserving the pnbh'c water Bupply against any chance ef diminution below a point amply suffi cient for all prospective requirements, or the possibility of its pollution. If either ot those were threatened it would bs called npon to say, decisively and imperatively, We will not risk the con tamination of the source whence we derive our life and health giving water, nor will we jeopardise one pint of an amply sufficient supply. But what are the facts iu this case ? Mr Fairthorne writes the Council apprising it that he has applied to the Minister of Lands and Works for twenty sluice-heads of water from the St. Patrick's Biver, and that the Minister's consent to the scheme depends upon its approval by tue ijouncn. a ue proposed intake is about 1 2 miles above the Council's in take, and where the river is 50ft wide, 18in deep, and running at a velocity of 140ft per minnte, showing a very large qnantity of enrplns water running to waate, at leait 100 head, of which the syndicate only requires 20 head. The sluice channels will convey the dxbris in » cuiiir»rj mreciion io tne at. JPatrick e River, so that no pollution can occur. Mr John Power, Government Surveyor, has made a careful examination of the field and the adjacent country, and his report clearly shows that the known auriferous wealth of Lisle must remain dormant unless the Bpare water at St. Patriot's con be utilised for this pur pose. Mr Fairthorne adds :— ' My syndicate ia quite willing to place itself under the closest supervision of your Council both a? regards quantity of water reonired and cloRino* Hmvn *nv «t-nna--u3 works in the case of emergency arising.' Upon thiB letter the Superintendent of Waterworks has reported to the effect that—' There can be objection to this j water supply hoing granted providing tin, Council secure a right to shut down such supply at any time when it is deemed nece6Snry, and also prohibit the wasliinir nf nnv /^«Ah« ;n,n 41**. Ct Patrick's River.' To verify the staU ments as to Burflus supply, etc., the members of the Council paid a visit to the locality on Thursday last, and Rod that the case has been under stated. Quoting from the report of our own 'special,' who accompanied the party : — ' Ihe water snpply in the river was measured, and calculations entered into as follow : — At the Cor poration intake there ie about 49 sluice heads per hour, about one-half of which is being wasted by running over the bV-W&fl;!l- Til fhf, NUf *TA-T-» kn *!.? intake there are about. 250 sluice-hoade flowing. At the 13-mile peg, which is the intake for the Launceston water supply, careful measurements were again made, and the enormous supply of water innning to waste was freely commented on. From the observations made the Corporation appear to be using about one- quarter of the water in the river, and une seventh of this amount would prove sufficient for the Lisle syndicate. Careful enquiry proved that an immense quantity of water runs to waste even in the driest season The proposed intake would in no way interfere with th« town snpply, and no pollution «ould result' j Under these circumstances the Council ' should have no difficulty whatever in arriving at a decision. It ib plain that there is an enormous qnantity of water going to waste, and the applicatim is simply for permission to utilise this waste that Work may be pro vided for idle hands,- that * pnu tidally deserted area may be turned into a productive goldfield, and that a ' general benefit may be coqferrtd by the returni thus m»6V tfontribntory to the common tt-elfare. While the Oorpora tuw uivaEe 01 4» fliuiee-neads u double the amount utilised, and still less than one-third the snilabls rojsow, to gay that the remaining 210 ?laice-h«al4s must not be torned to profitable account is to ady»o-* a proposition whir-i comBWn tense utterly i,ipnr31»taT Therefore, to obj^ol toe sluicing wheme ftonld b, indefensible ; bat in ipprovlng and consenting to it the Connoilmoet bt Oarafnl to reserve all the rights of BnperviBton and control above unuwnuo. Especially must It retain the absolute right to shut down tile supply &i; Any time tUat It may consider BBcnt confer deslrtlile in tne interests ot ihe public, and ft most take equal care to reserve the power ot withdrawing the concession if the purity of the stream is in any way affected. Any cost entailed with respect to necessary super vision can be fully met by the terms of tne consent, and subject to the condi tions above set forth there does not seem the slightest reason why the appli cation should not be cordially approved. To do otherwise would he to play dog in the manger, and to prefer beggarly stagnation to progressive prosperity. Thit man Is wise who will profit by the experience of his neighbor, and a Valu able lesson may be learnt by those in terested In the Tumanlan butter Indus try from a cable message contained in yeaurday's issue. This conveys tbe information that 'the consignment of butter from South Australia per R.M;S. Oruba, which left Adelaide on October 2, has turned out to be badly packed. The butter is streaky and ill-flavored, and is considered much inferior to the Victorian article.' The effect npon fumra shipments need not be stated. It will suggest itself to everyone conver sant with bminess of this class: It is certain that every bad shipment means a stop down the hill which mnst be patiently regained ibefore tne lost value can be recovered. The matter has been very fully demonstrated to the cost of the New Zealand producer!. There the frozen mntton industry, which has been the salvation of the cotra try, has been built up by method and system which have snBurcd the best possible results with respect to quality and value. Therefore, its pro duct tops the market. But in the butter industry method and system have been conspicuously absent. The farmer has churned the butter and passed it to the local storekeeper as a weekly set-off against his account. The storekeeper has taken the crude lumpB — some as yellow as a quarantine flag, others as white as mutton tallow ; some highly flavored, others yet reeking with butter milk — and tried to knead them np into a homogeneous mass. He has then salted, tubbed, and forwarded it for ship ment, and before it has reached London the bad butter has infected the whole. Streaky and ill-flavored it has not only failed to realise good prices itself, but hai given a bad name to New Zealand better generally. ThnB while Victorian butter sold in the London market on October SO for 120s per cwt, Sew Zea land bronght only from 80s to 94s. LesB than a fortnight ago the Tasmaniun Dairy Association sent forward its first shipment of butter to try the London market, and of course high hopes are entertained as to the returns. That they will be fully realised must be the genaral aspiration, but if they are, or if they are not, the lesson as above must be laid to heart as the foundation of maintaining or deserving success. It IK mnpli ??«!«,- in rnin * trnnA rennlatinn than to make one, and it 16 more diffi cult than either to regain the good repu tation once forfeited. A wise sugges tion has been made that in future butter boxes should bear the brand of the colony whence they are shipped. Jhe plan should be adopted forthwith by our own mm, and then by taking care to maintain the highest possible standard of excellence there is no reason yvhy Tasmanian butter should not rank in the London market with the best Danish MiTTir.h are falling out most unplea santly for the Government and mem bers of Parliament at the present junc ture with respect to the lottery scandal in its dual phaso. There iB no question that both Assembly and Council, and especially tbe latter, rushed the V.D.L. Gaming Bill through with all possible spaed, because, though they dared out rage tbe public sense of right by doing that which was flagrantly wrong, they were not proud of their handiwork, and wished to be done with it as quickly as possible. Having finished it they naturally expected that it would not in trude itjj unwholesome presence upon public attention more than was un avoidable, and that their responsibility for it would be more lightly regarded, as it justified the force of Pope's lines — Vice ia a monater of so frightful mien, Aa. to be h&tMl.; need,* hnt. bi }w- aaon , Tet seen too oft, familiar with her face, We first endure, then pity, then embrace. Bnt, unfortunately for them, when the thing should have worked in this wise the totalisator prosecutions were initiated, thns throning into higher relief the shameful impropriety of their action. Then came Thursday's Juuco, when the cases were dismissed as the direct result of slipshod legislation, thus presenting Parliament to the people in the pitiful light of an agency impotent for intended good, through itB own ineptitude, and only potent for mischief. Right on the top of this follows the arrival in Hobart of Mr Adams, of turf commission fame, to engineer the V.D.L. gamble, bo that while under State sanction one set of men were on that day engaged LaunceBton, under State sanction a second set were engaged arranging with another sweep promoter to engineer a scheme of a precisely similar character in Hobart. The contrast may staDd as the commentary upon Parliamentary action, and bon. members may console themselves for their miserable failure to adjnst the affairs of tie country by the comforting reflection that, in giving free ECOtlfl and nntn MimM,r*oamant tn tli* gambling vice, they have at least done their level best to put personal and Par liamentary honor, private and public finances, on an equal footing. Tie Premier's address, a digest of which appears in another column, does not promise any speedy amelioration of onr political condition. It haB not even the merit of qualified originality. It is the same programme over again, and in the came hands its Parliamentary inci dence may be expected to have precisely the came result. ThefvM oHfthe Cus toms is. stfU to continue, deBpite. the Premier's own figureB used in luslast Brighton speech to proyeits gross im propridy in its excess ibova' that drawn from the same source by the other colonies. Mr Pobson is, however, good enough to say that Ihu «illnot bein«d ditioa ft) ffieSJ per cent income tax. Then follow the same professicsit ?rttirwlrioh tne Dnblij „, s0 {amil;,^ ,bout making property bear its fair share of taxation, by some measure of graduation and an intention to 'get at' realised wealth by a tax which will reach all forms of income. A further fantasia Is to be played on the probate duties thethe oil the lines ot the South Australian Succession Act; and so the political prescription ends. In substance, almost in form, we have read it all before: and too feBoltB are now his torical. The address concludes—' I will ase you and all other elec tors to remember the real issue when the ballot paper it in yonr hands U — Do you approve in the main of the policy of the present Government, and do you desire that they Bhould have a continued opportunity to rarry it ont.' With the lamentable failure of last sesBion Btill fresh in mind, the electors are not likely to forget the character of the issue, and If they are wise they will return to both questions an (imphatic, No 1 In the main the policy is a hotch- potch, which can never be tnade to work equitably, tt is barren of everything like a statesmanlike idea, and what little good there is In it, snoh as the .gradua tion principle) cannot be trusted to hands which have proved so nerveless and bo incompetent. Viok-EeoIi.,— Mr A. BawlintDs, private secretary to His Excellency tbe (Governor, left by the ss. Fatnena yesterday for Mel bourne, to meet Yiconntess QormanatoD, who is expected to arrive here by F. and O. steamer Oceana on Monday morning. Her ladyship and family will probably catch the Pattern, leaving Helbonroe tbe same after Excellency iB expected to arrive In Lann eeltOB on Monday to await her Jadyihlp'a arrival. Mdkicipai, Elections,— Mr 8. J. Bntton, one of the retiring alderman of the Lann ceston Council, yesterday received an In flnentially signed requisition asking him to again allow himself to be nominated. Mr Button has not yet given his reply. Messrs John Hurt, M.H.A., and B. O. Home, of Deloraine, announce they arc candidates for mnnicipal bonora at tbe forthcoming elec tion. An official announcement is published elsewhere in tbia iaiue by Bis Worahip the Major in reference to the retirement of tbe thrpi. nmnlipn nf frli*, Ciit.v nnnnnll. A1.4n*.nan Panton, Thrower, and Button, all of whom are eligible for re-election. KominationB will be received at the Town Hall between the 80th inst. and December '4. Tie polline day will be on Thursday, December 7, I.O.G.T.— The Dawn of Hope Lodge held its uaual weekly meeting on Thursday even ing, tbe ltita inst., at the lodge-room Tem perance Hall, Vorkatreet, when there was a good attendance of members end vieitois. The reports of the varioua officers showed the lodge to be progressing satisfactorily. Tbe newly.eleeted officers were installid by the D.D., Bro. J. B. Mathews, bv the re quest of tbe L D., assisted by Bro. J Bnttcr worth afl I M.. and Bis. Lidster as D.I.M., as nnder : — O.T., Bro. J. Hill ; W.T., Bis. Fentrill ; Sec, Bro. M'Cullough ; Financial Bee, Bro. Smith; Treasurer, Bro. D. Starrer ; Chaplain, Bro. Pastor White; Marshal, Bro. Oulpecx ; Guard, Bro: Cartledge - Sentinel, Bro. BeBt ; PC.T., Bro. Godwin. xnv newiyeiecteo. oracers TCturnoa thuiks for the confidence placed in them, and the lodge closed. The Unemployed— In reforence to the paragraph by ' The Tramp ' in yesterday's issue, the secretary of tbe local Benevolent Society (Mr B. Cameron) writes :— Only ten men were to go out to Eimberley, not twelve. Three went on the 16th and seven on the 17th, as arranged, they all being married nen. 'The Tramp' haa been listening to hearsay. The above men were mostly supplied from those on the Benevolent Society's rolL— Relative to the above, ' The Tramp' writes:— In reference to the local which appeared in vour issue of to-div. r. tbe unemployed, and for the troth of which I aaid I could vouch, 1 Und now that one Bhould only believe a modicum of what one bcaiB. To-day seven more of the men re ferred to went through in the train to Kimbcrley'e Ford to enter upon tht: wood cutting contract, and tbeso men positively aaacrt that the story about their having stayed behind to see the circus is all bosh, and prooabl.v originated thronfb one of the three who went down yesterday being a bit of a wag. I mint conteaa that it was the hnmorous aspect of the cass that made me dnw attention to it, bnt at the same time I thought my information oazne from a moat reliable Bonrce. However, escort Constable uktwuud, wuu urougat me a message from the men with whom he travelled to-doy, aays they are all genuine working men, and 1 don't tbiok ' The Tramp ' need explain whom hie eymp&thiea; are with— the rich or the poor. The Medical FnorissioN.— By a special advertisement which appears in another column of tbia paper it will be Been that Dr. Q. B. Olemone, F.B.O.S. (Edin), haa commenced practice at the corner of Charles and Cameron streets, in partnership with Dr. Wilson. Dr. demons waa for 12 monthB Benior resident medical officer in charge of the Liverpool Infirmary for Children? and in that capacity has acquired varied and extensive exDerieneo of children'* ^i^..aa Oitv PclIOX OonET.— MeasrB. Q. W Watcrhorue, P.M., and B. P. iFarrclly, J.P., occupied the bench at this Court yesterday. A resident of Lefroy, of alleged sufficient means, waa charged by the collecting officer under the Charitable Act (Mr Young) with non-payment of maintenance of an insane person at New Norfolk. The matter waa allowed to stand over sine die by tbe magis- trates after the hearing of the circumstances attending tbe case. In a similar case for maintenance at New Town against a resident of Lilydale, heard ex parte, an order was made, costs being remitted. Martin Hogan was charged by Mr Superintendent Arm- strong, of the Selby police, with having, on October 7, being in charge of a cart on the the main road, near the railway station at Turner's Marsh, and not having the same nnder proper control. After hearing the evidence of a constable and another witness, which went to show that tbe defendant and hia companion were asleep at the time, the magistrate fined the defendant 5s and costs. A person was fined 5s, coata re- mitted, for allowing two of his horses to stray on the Windmill Hill on Thursday. The horses in question were impounded. An application for permission to sell liquor on the Cricket Association Ground for next day, made by George Cooper, of the Criterion Hotel, was approved by the Bench. MUSICAL. — MiM Frost proposes giving a very interesting concert shortly. The items will be supplied by Borne of her pupils, who wiii be asBiatcd by Mis. Adelaide Plscc, Miss Lucy Allison, and other leading artists. Those who were present at the ooncert given fn Uiitn— 1T..II _nAn *4_- ? .... «± humiu unu wwc ixinc n£o vrtsru nigniv, delighted with the playing of tbe punilB. ' Pabliauextaey Register— At certain seasons, more particularly on the eve of elections, the complaint is mtde that some oae ot other dcairec to teaorfi his vote in favor of hi' particular candidate and fines on application that hts namo 1b not on the roll. A bowl of indignation la then set up, manhood Buffmje ia the theme until the day afu-r tbe election, and then the subject passee out ol' Bind until aome unforeseen evrnt — probably a dissolution or death, of a member — bringa the feet again into promi nence tbat the would-be elector is not enfranchised. And all this time the machinery, which is of a simple nature, is lying in readineas t£ be put in motion by anyone who desires to use it. All that ia neceaBary is to fill in a form stating the ground of dsim to vote. Amongst other placea in the city theso m&v; he obtained at the office of Mr Wm. fowler, Oharles-etreet, who states he will be happy to furnish all particnlsn. The data in each year on which the privilege closoe which permits of registering for the enBuing vcar ie November 24, bo that little timenow re nains. Already a large nnmber have qualiScd nnder the wagea and salary clause tor both th« city electorate!. kBrtBeek TABHiirils OaledonUs Shmts.— The feaoBd £rand gathering aad ?ports under tbe auspices of the Northern Taimanlan Oaledoniaa (Socitfy, to be held on Kew Tear's Pay, . at the Allocation Orloket-Gronnd, promltei to be an event 0! no ordinary interest, Tiie popularity of this Important organisation, which baa only been formed two years, is evidenced both by the nnmber and influence ot Its supporter!, The programme of events in connection with tht forthcoming gala day is an attractive and varied one, substantial rewards being offered to indooB oompatiton in pipe music, taste In drees, athletics, bicycle riding, and toot raoing. For the evening the promoters have secured tbe Albert Hail and City Park, npon which occasion an entertainment Is an nounced that should prove a moat enjoyable wind-up to a day's, holiday making. Con testa are arranged In ktaitunfe and crochet work, the art of baking, and in dancing and tinging. The society's choir will render Scotch selectlonB, and a piper and dancer specially engaged from Viotorla will give an exhibitton-ol dancing in Highland costume, The programme of -pofts appears in a por tion of ota advertisement columns, fa' gether with dates for nominations, accept ances, and handicaps. In connection with this society, on St. Andrew's Night, 80th inst., b concert and dance will take place at the Mechanics' Institute. Village Settlemehts.— We recently ?rated that the Ber. Horace F. Tucker, of Ohrift Chnroh, South Tarn, foonder of tiie Tucker Village Settlement! In Victoria, would deliver a lecture in LanoceBton during February on village aettlementc We now learn that Mr Tncker baa communi cated with the Premier, with the tetnlt that a similar lcctdre will be delivered in riobmt. district NtrusiKo AssociATioH.— the nsoal monthly meeting was held od Thurs day afternoon. The reports received of the BttrBe*s work continues to be most satisfac tory, and Bhe baB paid 218 vifiitB during the past four weeks. In conBequencc of leaving Lauhceston Mrs Boltau had to resign her poBition of secretary to tbe association. . ' Westebk AtmiouiTtrRAL Association. — The entries for the Western Agricultural Association's annual exhibition, to be held oh Wednesday, tbe 22nd inst., have, we understand, closed well, and a show equal, if net superior, to those of previous yean is anticipated. The trial of hunters will fee a special feature, and shonld prove unusually attractive owing to the circle having bees enlarged, so that each bone will make five leapB in going once ronnd. Special train arrangements have been made. In the even Ing a concert in aid of the association's Inndi will be given in the Public library Cebistiak Bkdeavob Societies —The quarterly rally of local Christian ilodeavor Societies was held in the Patterson-street Wesleyan School-room, last evening. The room was nicely decorated by the aocial committee, The Bev. Wm. Shaw presided, and there was a large attendance of En deavorers and the public. Beports of the varioua cocfetieB were read, and the presi dent and otherB gave an account of the re cent convention held at Hobart, special reference being made to the kindness of friends who had entertained them during their stay there. The meeting was brought to a close about balf-paBt 9 o'clock. TA6UAN1AK Bieds.— Lut night, in the lecture-room of the St. John'a Mission House, Wellington-street, Mr T. Oarr de livered an instructive and interesting lecture on ' Tasmanian Birds.' There was a good attendance, and the lecturer's remarks were listened to with every attention, while the valuable Bpecimens, especially of stuffed ducka, which he exhibited were the Bubject of much well- merited admiration. Mr Carr dealt chiefly with TaBmanian ducks, and after fully explaining their habits, gave some account of tbe modes us'd in capturing the members of thiB t?cnna. Un ulnn a,4v,i. cated, in a few forcible sentences, tbe neces sity there was of protecting native birds from the indiscriminate destruction to which they were now, in many districts, subjected Intercolonial Bifle Team.— 1 he mem ben of the team to represent Tasmania in the Intercolonial rifle match, which will be fired ia Melbourne on the 27th inst Mt by the b.b. Pateena yeBterday. The following is the team : — Sergeant-Major WelBh, Quarter-Master Sergeant Gnrr, L.A , Sergeant Qow. L. A. ; Color Sergeant Smith, C.B.C. ; Sergeant Tang, W. B. O. ; Corporals Rasthcr, Torpedo O.j Btavely, T.B.B. ; M.'Blwee,L.B.; Privates Gow, L.B., Baward, W.B.O. ; Constables Bain and C'Byme, of the LaunceBton police. Lieutenant-Colonel Daviea commands the team, and. the officers attached are Captain Caleb Smith, Meander B.C., and Lieutenant Pitt, Midland B.C. Major Boom, who with Lieotenant-Colonel Davtes represents Tas mania at the meeting of the Federal Coun cil of the Bifle Ajsociatioa ot Australia at the same time, proceeds u Melbourne at the beginning of next week. The Bev. De. Dehsei-.— riie LadUi1 Review, a Ilallarat journal, ha.a the following respecting the newly-appointed Oo-adjutor Bishop of Tasmania : — The gifted young divine, Dr. Patrick Delany, waa born at Baiigar, county of Gaiway, Ireland, in IS6I. Several of the leading colleges at home claim having had a abare in the education of the new blanop. Among these may be numbered tbe college ot St. Ignatius, Gal way, Miltown Park, Dublin, All-Hallows ; while at the last- nasaed college, Dr. Delanv waa appointed one of the profeisars— the degree of Doctor of Divinity being conferred en him. In 1884 Dr. Delany was the dele gate choBen to vUit Australia to collect funds for All-Hallows' College During his residence in Victoria, the eBtcemed doctor baa for Borne years been affiliated to the dioceBe of Uallarat. Woet of this time he has acted as private secretary to hiB Lord ship Bishop Moore. Dr. Delany haa crown to be almost part of Ballarat. All that which haB for ita motive the welfare of tbe city at once awakens an interest in the reverend doctor. That the great dignity of biBhop is juBtly merited by the virtues and high intellectual attainments of Dr. Delany iu a fact recognised by all. His culture, large mindednesa, kindliness ot disposition, genial manner, and practical cbarity, are attributes, which, like so many gems, will embellish the mitre of the new young bishop A Modees Lkae — A modern Lear, who' had to for even worse things than Shake sppare's famous character, has been living in Hungary, near Zombor, in the person of Johaun CaizmaT, who was the richest nMMMfil: nrnnrinfnr nt tho Jtmt*t~t Tl... __.. respondent of the Standard statcB tbat tbe old mnn had five married daughters, and upon their entreaties divided hia entire property amongst them, only making it a condition that they should receive and keep him in turn so long as he lived. For a time all went well, but quarrels soon sroac and the five daughters and five BOUB-in-law agreed to do awev with the old man. There was no im't Cordelia in the case, and the barbnruus project, was carried out in the most cruel manner. The old mac was Blabbed to death, and bis body thrown into an open fire in the fields, whore his cbarred remains have been xouna ana recogniBea by Borne of the old man's former servants. The five sons- in-law are under arrest. They endeavor, indeed, to exculpate their wives, but public opinion in the district conBiders them equallv eniltv with their huahands. Bleeping IK Ohobcii.— A writer in the I'efjetarian haB discovered a new reaaon for Bleepineaa in church. He aays that the phenomenon has noebtrjg to do with the length of the Bermon or the dulneBB of the preacher ; it baa really an interesting scien tific explanation, and a worshipper onght no more to be biased for his somnolence than a perum under the influence of chloroform for 'going off' after a few snirls. Tho fact is that people in church are hypnotised. Tho proceia takes place through their eare. Their attention 1b con centrated on a single figure, and on what tbat BgnKjis Baying, and the Bilcnce elee wnere. commnea with the aubdued light, helpB to create just the same aort of oon' ditionB an arc observed at Bpiritualistic leanfei. where priesthood most prevails ' we read, ' tho hypnotism is the greatest ' Does this moan that more people go to slce'o in Bitnaliat churches than elsewhere ! In any case it is eomforting to know tbat when we Indulge in 'forty winks ' in our pun we are the victims of a mysterious scientific force quite beyond our own control. Our sleepiness, inatead of being somewhat ot a slight to tbe preacher, is in reality a tribute In order to meet tbe tines and enconraee the manufacture of locally made goods Pepper and Pemn. dranem. nri.h.nA.»»n, state thuy »re selling gentlemen', .site ma^e from prime Tasmani&n; wool at prices that shonld attract attention. The firm also quota figures for euits imported direct from the makerB. A BAiTLnWAK* Bijctto.— Mr Wward S, HoWen,. of the tic* Obtervutory, fle icrfbea in JfiHn a case of deliberate iiHclde by a rattlesnake, which he witnessed. He says:— In the summer ot USB Professor Eeeler aaw a large rattlesnake (wilh seven rattles) crawl under the foundation of the dome of the 6h? equatorial. With the nice manipulation for which be la famous, Dr. Eeeler fattened a pair of blacksmith's tongs abont the animal's nock, and bronght him into tiie large lauurble rettibaie cl the ob servatory. Tbe snake was furious, and was nractlcallv uninjured. After everyone had seen him, it became a question what to do next. It was resolved to put him into a gallon jar of water. Dr. Kceter had the task of getting the very lively animal (which wag eome 8ft long) Into the jar, and of lettlna go with the tonga, while I undertook to pnt in the stopper of the, bottle at an auBplcious moment. All' this was accomplished very nicely,1 and tbe next step was to drown the snake by inverting tne jar w. iiiwjuwb. aiw» n u,ui ™« *' became evident to every one, the snake In cluded, that the animal meat soon be drowned. At this moment the Bnake ceased any attempt to rise to the surface of the water In the Jar, ana in the most deliberate manner struck its fangs deep into itB body. I have no doubt whatever that the blow was intentional, and with suicidal purpose. xt was a single aeuDerate diow. iaiie n« no flurry. As far as one could ace, the animal was of Bound and disposing mind aad memory. It had been full of fury at first, but latterly had only sought to etcape from tbe water to the air at the top. When this became hopelesB the snake ended its own struggles. I bad often heard tbat snakes (.and scorpions) put an end to their own u'veS. Here is an instance which oc curred before ifiy eves/ The snake it now preserved in alcohol at the observatory, and tbe marks of the fangs are pfc!o)y to be The Lasob Question in the United Stateb. — If (saya the San Francisco Argonaut') the working men of the United UI*U» UAIC m UUIIUICJUI JKHk Ul 11UMV rilWtlt gence with which they »re credited by Bpeeah-BU»kine_ politicians in qneat of votes and a press that never ceaies its hunt for subscribers, the present oondition of the labor market will open theif ejes to their principal need,- That need is the immediate and total enspenaioa of foreign immigration. Labor ia the Bole commodity which tbe working man has for sale, and be ought to have sense enough to grasp tbe fact that everv additions) lahorer who AtTen hia labor in the market in competition with hit own helps to reduce wages, in accordance with the inexorable law of supply and demand. In the year which ended with June Istt no fewer than 497,936 Immigrants arrived. That i* to i*y, a mass of people, more than half as nnmeron Again sb tbe population of San Francisco, WM added to the nation. Eleven millions iB a low estimate of the host that has entered our borders within the preceding 23 years — a mass equal to one-sixth of onr present entire population, There ars ia tbe United Btates at present an ODormons multitude of unemployed men — tbe nnmber is stated at three millions by moderate calculators. The TSflt majority of tbeBe enforced idlers hare votes, and their canse is likewise tbat of the labor organisations, whose members are liable at any hoar to join them in their want and misery. Congrcgs is In eceb.od, and Congress h&s; tho power to decree that the foreign competitor eball be barred ont. If the American working roan keeps silent while the Europeans walks in and takes the bread from his mouth, starvation is his fitting punishment. Messrs. M. Hill and A. O. Banner announce that they have entered into partnership bb accountants, bouee, estate. and commission agente, at 109 St. Jchn Dadf-ahnn Eons and Co., 91 and 93 York street, announce that they arc purchasers, for prompt each on deiiverv, of wool in email or Urge quantitim. Frank Hart and tion, Brisbane-street, notify a clearing sale of fancy goods, glass ware, ornaments, crockery, etc., at leu than cost. To morrow (Sunday) afteraooD, at 2-S0, the e.s. Koon\a will leave the wharf for an excursion to Roflcvears. Dempsters column advertisement to-day gives a lengthy ltet of dress materials in great variety, with widths and pric?B attached ; also important announcements in relation to mUcellaneous coodi. furniture. snd other liner. The City Council invites tenders fer the tupply of pooda un-t execution of work tor the ensuing year in tta advertisement appearing elsewhere in this ieme. The general manager of railways invites tendeis for tbe leaee of tbe refreshment rooms at the -Lanoceston, Longford, and Delor&ine; nations for a period of three years, comneeneLDg January 1st, 1894 Tenders will close at the manager's office on December 12. The St. Joseph'a Band will five a concert in the City Park to-morrow (Sunday) night. Btrect, notifies that he iB selling Health Tea and the choicest dairy and factor; butter at prices to suit the timcB. Jai. M'Lennan. and Sons, nurserymen, of Briibunoitreet and Glphln-road, announce that they have tor Bile a choice selection of azaleas, fuchsias, pelargonium!, and rhodo dendrons, also turnip seed of all kinds, and cablage, ciuliflower, and broccoli plants now re»dy. We hbve received from Fitzgerald Bros, a pamphlet covering a series of lectures on 11 Odtholic Socialism,' by the Bev. Isaac Ucorc, of Victoria. i 