i! ???'. '???' " AOE." ; i,ONDON", !Mnrcli 31sfc. I Att'iu^e.cbntdtjuied by Mi^ Shaw, the I special correspondent of tha Tillies, on Vio- I tovia, states that ttio loans received by that colony liavc been to a greater extent spent on productive works than has been tlie case_ in tl>0 other colonies of Australia. Victoria's natural resources, it is stated, are sound, and she is well able to maintain a financial. equi librium without tlio support of protection, or of subsidies and prrants. Miss Sliaw further states that in Melbourne , there is a large amount ot money waiting investment, anu she believes that the colony affords profitnblo fields for its application. Despito' tlio de pression resulting from tho land boom, real values remain seriously unaffected, and witli tlio revival of confidence the revenue will quickly reobver ita ordinary level. Tlio Russian Government lias given in structions for tlio rapid completion of tlio cruisers of the Kurik type, now iii courso of construction. Alfonso, tho youthful King of Spain, will visit tho TTnitcd States, and " nssiEtPresi dent Cleveland at the opening of tho Chicago Exposition hold in celubration of tho dis covery oi America by Columbus. The open ing ceremony will take placo in May. A terrible trayedy is roported from: Gal way.- A-raan named Huddy lias killed his son by ripping his stomach open. Tho son interposed to provenfc his father from stab bing his mother, and Huddy then turned furiously upon him and inflicted fatal in juries; The mother of the victim is in a dying conditioi). " " General Dodds, commandcr of the French expedition against Dahomey,. has expelled from the Guinea ports under French control, four German merchants for supplying King Belianzin with munitions of war. H3I.S. Howe, which ran on a reef in | Fcrrol Harbor, in Spain, in November last; while entering tho port with the Channel Squadron, under the command of Admiral "Fairfax, has after months of effort been succcHpfullv iloatod off. Telegrams from St. Petersburg report that cholcm has again brolcen out in that city. jVIany deaths occur every day from the disease, and the outbreak is of an alarming character. Mr Wilson, the Government dairy expert, who was sent from Melbourne, to inquire into the best methods of developing the export trade Of butter and other articles of dairy produce, has arrived in London, and is pro secuting his investigations into tho conditions of the butter and fruit trades. The New Zealand Colonising Compftny, formed to acquire and work estates in New Zealand valued at £3,000,000, intends to recruit largely in the norf,h of Ireland the immigrants it is desirous of introducing into the southern colony. The Fchcjno hns boon very favorably received. The Bank of New Zealand is promoting tho .undertaking1. The Agent-G-oneral, ^tr Perceval, has received numerous inquiries from intending immi grant?. The condition of tho finances in India is causing some anxiety. The Viceroy (Lord Lansdowne) has stated that if the outlook docs not very greatly improve, now taxation will bo imperatively necessary. The shipment of butter just to hand by the P. and O. K.jtf.S. Parramatta is in good condition. There are largo hupplies of Danish butter in the market. Snles have been made at; Factory, Ofis per c\rfc (4s lower) ; and dairy, SGs per cwt (unchanged^. The wool market is firm. Bradford tops, Mxtics, are quoted at 21 $d, supers at 22d. Crossbred wools arc a shade dearer. 