(FROM THR MRLBOURNK DAILIBS.) : . \- London, Jan. 5. The " Financial Times, commenting on the revenue returns of the Austra lian colonies for the past year, declares that the effects of the financial collapse of Melbourne are to be seen in all the other colonies. In consequence of the shaking of credit which occurred when several financial institutions in Mel bourne suspended payment, the lead ing banks curtailed the facilities for trading which they had previously al lowed their clients, and consequently the volume of Australian trade was diminished and Australian revenue naturally suffered. At the same time the " Financial Times" expresses very sanguine views with regard to the future of Australia. The recovery of the country from its present depression is, it says, easily to be foreseen, and its future can hardly be. pictured in too bright colors. Terrific storms has occurred, in the Black Sea, south of Russia, attended with fearful destruction to shipping. It is reported that 30 steamers have been sunk. The frost in England is intensely severe. This morning ice formed so thickly in the London docks as to enclose and imprison the shipping lying there. The disturbance at Bakersville, in Carolina, between the police and the party of lynchers who determined to kill three men who had committed a murder has been renewed. In the first instance,- the whole party-of police, numbering 7 was annihilated, and 25 of the lynchers were also killed. Subsequently both sides were rein forced, and another desperate encoun ter followed, which resulted in tbe sacrifice of 25 additional lives. /Later telegrams from America ex plain that the Bakersville lynching battle originated through the seizure by revenue officers of an illicit whisky still. The informer who disclosed the locality of the still had been murdered by three men connected with it, and these men were Inrrprl in f.Tip P<aL»afc. ville gaol. A strong body of residents, including a number of prominent citizens, 1 made an organised attack upon the gaol, the officers of which defended it stoutly, firing with deadly effect upon the lynchers. The gaol was ultimately captured, the prisoners were taken away, subjected to torture and then' shot, their bodies being hung upon trees. , jliib scienii or tne county, witn a' body of police, who came to the rescue,' had a desperate encounter with the lynchers of whom 67 were killed, including several leading citizens of Bakersville. The police lost 12 men in the fight, including the sheriff Opinion in the city is divided on the question whether Sir Graham Berry, who whilst filling the post of Agent- General in London was a member of the London board of the Mercantile Bank, and who joined the Melbourne board on his return to the colony, ought properly to be excluded from the prosecutions which have been" ordered. It is unanimously agreed, that Mr James Oddie is properly excluded, as it is recognised ttiat although he was a member; of the board his duties were practically restricted to the supervision of the Ballarat branch of the bank." Mr Cleveland, President-elect Of the United Stiites, has announced that in the event of the Sherman Act, requir ing the United States Government' to make purchases of silver to the amount of 4,500.000 oz. per month, being repealed by Congress, he will be wil ling to accept the bill prepared by Senator Bland in favor of free coinage, which was - rejected when originally introduced. . On Change the quotation for Broken Hill Proprietary shares was 4s 6d. On Change New' South "Wales Go- vernment 3£ per cent, stock, which yesterday was quoted at £95 10s, rose 5s. Victorian 4 per cent, stocks also ruse os. Owing to the absence of Sir John Bray from London, the syndicate which has indicated its willingness to take up the projected South Australian loan lias postponed its offer. The New South Wales Mortgage Loan and Agency - Company declares a dividend at the rate of 5 per cent. Millidge was brought before the Bow-street Police Court; on Thursday, Sir John Bridge, police magistrate, presiding. - Inspector Tyrrell gave forma evidence regarding the arrest of the prisoner. He added that Mil lidge had 1 informed ..him that he had made arrangements" to return by the Peninsular ' arid Oriental Steam Navi gation Company's R.M.S. Himalaya, which is announced to sail on Friday. The solicitor who appeared for Millidge urged that there was no fair reason for making the arrest,, which was a very arbitrary "proceeding. A summons would have amply met the require ments. He asked that Millidge should be permitted to return voluntarily. He had already taken his passage by the steamer , Himalaya; In proof of this statement,' the solicitor produced the passage ticket issued to Millidge. Sir John Bridge said that in the cir cumstances he would consent to allow Millidge an ' opportunity to return voluntarily to the colony. If," how ever, he should fail to sail voluntarily he would be taken into custody and compelled to return! Millidge, who is very much depressed, states that he can prove that, the balance-sheets which form the basis of the prosecutions were not false. .He states that he has been waiting to hear from Melbourne, and was quite willing to return voluntarily if he . had been asked to do so. He considers that lie has been very harshly treated in being subjected to arrest. Millidge sailed1 on Friday for Mel bourne by the R.M.S. Himalaya. The weekly returns of the Bank of England published, show theproportion of reserve 'to liabilities to be 35 per cent., being 10 per cent, lower than last 'week. The total reserve in notes and bullion is £14,930,000, being a decrease of £530,000. The" 'bank rate, of discount- is 1 un- chariged at 3 per coht.j but it is ex pected that it will shortly be reduced. The market rate has fallen 0 per cent, viz., to 1 A- per cent. In the United States Senate, Seriator Ohandler introduced a bill to give effect to the suggestions which were embodied in the report on the immigration ques tion recently presented by the com mission appointed to inquire into tbe matter. The bill empowers the United States Government to have all emigrants to the country examined and tested on arrival, and to retnse the nghc to land to all who are found to be destitute of education or without means to give them a footing in the country, all who are physically or mentally disabledfrom earning their living, and all who are believed to belong to the " dangerous" or dishonest classes. In the United States Congress on Friday, a bill was introduced for the purpose of abolishing Pinkerton's pri vate police force, a body of which was employed against the Homestead strikers at Pittsburgh last year, when a terrible fatal encounter occurred between them and the rioters. President Harrison has issued a decree of amnesty in the case of all Mormons who have shown compliance with the law of the United States by abstaining from the practice of poly gamy since 1890. All who continue to defy the law will be rigorously pro secuted. The Russian Government are arrang ing to spend £12,000,000 this year additional to the ordinary expenditure the money to be devoted chiefly to the construction of Siberian and other railways. The Earhof Winchelaea, who took » prominent- part in the recent agricul tural convention, is zealously endeavor ing to promote the formation of a farmers' union' for the purpose of mutual combination. , The project has .been well received. In support of his proposa lLord Wiuchelsea has declared that he had ascertained that the profits gained by a single middleman through substituting Canadian beef for English amount to the fifth of a million. Sir Saul Samuel, Agent-General for New South Wales, is instituting inquiries among British sheep breeders of experience with the view of eliciting information which will be of value to New South Wales pastoralists as a guidance in selecting the classes of sheep most suitable for supplying the kinds of mutton and wool most in demand in the home market. A letter signed " A Colonist of Fifty Years" appears in the " Pall Mall Gazette," in which the writer warmly defends Sir Henry Parkes against a bitter attack which has been made upon him by a Mr Montgomerie. The snowfall on the Continent has been unusually heavy. The railway between "Vienna and Buda-Pest lias uuuu uiutacu Kfj auuuj uuu uuc uiuiuo have had to stop running until the line could be cleared. In consequence of the severe frost the Thames near Windsor is frozen over. The ice is so thick that thousands of persons are indulging in skating. A fire broke out at the residence of Lady Orde, the widow of Sir John Powlelt Orde, Bart., in Hyde-park, Lady Orde and her daughter, who were in the upper part of the building, were in great danger of perishing in the flames, but they were eventually rescued by means of a fire escape. A serious outbreak of small-pox has occurred in Lancashire. The disease is spreading rapidly, and is causing great alarm. The stocks of pig iron in Connell's store and in makers' hands in Scotland is 443,646 tons. It is reported that Lord Ripon, the Secretary of "State for the Colonies, has resolved to transfer the government of the Bechuanaland protectorate to the British South Africa Company, of which Mr Cecil Rhodes, the Gape Premier, is the managing director. The territory here referred to is the northern part of Bechuanaland, over which a British protectorate was established a few years ago. It is bounded on the south by British Bechuanaland, on the north by British South Africa Company's ter ritory, on the west by the Germain protectorate, and on the east by the Transvaal. Its area is stated at some thing like 386,200 square miles. ' M. Blondin, the chief clerk in the Credit Lyonnais, has been arrested in connection with the Panama Canal scandals. The arrest is regarded as foreshadowing fresh revelations of ain important character. A very serious allegation has been made by a Paris, journal against the late Baron Reinach, who was the chief agent in distributing bribes on behalf of the Panama Company, and whose remains were recently exhumed in order that it might- be ascertained how he came by his death. The paper in question declares that Baron Reinach sold the secret of the composition of the French smokeless powder to Germany and England. It is exoected that M. Cambon. the French ambassador at Madrid, will suc ceed M; William Henry Waddington as ambassador in London. M. "' W ad- dington is by his own desire retiring from the positiqn which he has held since 1883. The' resolute attitude taken1 up by the Emperor William with regard to the Army Bill is regarded with much alarm in Russia. It is now feared that the bill, the aim of which is to greatly strengthen the German Army, will be passed, and the Russian Press is writing on the subject in an extremely pessim ist tone. ; The United States delegates to the recent International Monetary Con ference at Brussels have decided to resign, in order to allow Mr Cleveland, the President-elect, to have a free hand in dealing with the silver ques tion.- - A case of lynching has occurred: at Bakersville, in Mitchell County, North Carolina. A mob broke into the gaol, seized a prisoner, . dragged him into the forest, and lynched him. Among those who took part in this outbreak of lawlessness were many of the most prominent citizens in the county. Petitions are being signed in the United States in support of Mr Chap man's bill prohibiting the employment of Canadians in public service ; " The high prices ..which have been obtained recently in London for' Aus tralian butter have made it unpopular. The exporters of Danish butter, with the view of again securing the control r»f f.ViA tnnrlrftf; Vin.vp liiwprAf! fcVioir nriPA by 15s. per cwt. Importers of Aus tralian butter have, however, recovered their position in the market by selling at the following reduced prices : — Victorian dairy made, 98s to 102s. ; factory, 112s to 114s ; and "Western district factory at 116s per cwt. Australian Government stocks are at present unsaleable, in consequence of fears being entertained that fresh applications for loans will be made in the London market at an early date. 