LATE NEWS BY CABLE. From the Herald we take the following : London, Oct. 2. The Financial flews Bays tbnt the success of the New South Wales loan is fully assured. -Later: The New Soutb Wales loan is quoted at 2£ premium. Siam haB, under extreme pressure, agreed to enter into a treaty with France, under the conditions of which France will evacuate Chantaboon when the country is pacified," and withdraws the demand for the expulsion of Danish officers. The Standard says that France has granted the Russian fleet permanent shelter.^ and facilities for coaling ond effecting repairs to \- vessels in the Mediterranean, thus setting aside certain provisions of the treaty of Paris. France nevertheless insists that the Dar-1 danelles «hall be closed against Roumanian \- ironclads which are now being built at Ham- burg. An extensive small-arms factory in France is making repeating-rifles for Russia. An extraordinary scene has been enacted at St. George's Roman Catholic Cathedral, in . London. Some miscreant, who is believed to bave been an anarchist, threw a dynamite cartridge through a doorway into the edifice. The cartridge exploded, but, fortunately, did not ir.jure anyone. The Loyalists have recaptured Rosario. An Italian immigrant steamer has arrived at Teneriffe. Sixty-four of the passengers and crew died on the voyage from cholera. The »easel was refused admission into Brazil. A native of Bombay has presented £15,000 to the Imperial Institute. The Freehold Trust of Australia has de- clared a dividend at the rate of 10 per cent. per annum, has increased the reserve by £3000, and has carried forward £1000. The cargo of New Zealand wheat by the barque Arnold, which left Lyttelton on 2nd June last, has been Bold in the London grain market at 27« 7¿d per quarter. At the London wool sales there is a good attendance of buyers, competition is keen, and prices are firm. London, Oct. 3. Matabele impie, 7000 strong, have fired at the scouts of the British South African Chortered Company, near Fort Victoria, and afterwards passed in a north-easterly direction. His Excellency Sir Henry Loch, Governor of Cape Colony, has authorised Dr. Jameson, the Administrator of Masbonaland, to send a strong contingent to reconnoitre. Later.-. A collision between the Chartered Company's forces and the Matabele impis (regiments) is imminent. The anarchists of Spain have issued a manifesto threatening that should Pallas, who was convicted of complicity in the outrage at the military review at Barcelona and was sentenced to death, be shot, they will wreak terrible vengeance upon the people. Ten bombs have been found in the streets of Madrid. Pallas has confessed to the exist- ence of a vast plot which had for its object the wholesale destruction of military officers " and Civil officials. A severe etorm has occurred in New Orleans, U.S.A., which occasioned the death of 25 citizens. Many persons were injured. Some silver mineB in Denver, which employ yv altogether 3500 men, have resumed work. The death is announced of David James, the well-known London comedian, who was for many years one of the lessees of the "Vaudeville Theatre where he took part in the famous longest run on record (" Our Boys"), by which the fortunes of the theatre were as- sured for several years. More recently the actor was not so successful. He had been for some little time in failing health. SirSaul Samuel, the Agent-General, expects that the New South Wales loan will average 101. The Lords of the Admiralty regard a vessel of the Bonaventure type as superior in respect of all three main essentials of ordnance, steam power, and handineBs in working to any other type of vessel that could be utilised as a flagship on the Australian station, but are, nevertheless, willing to re- commission H.M.S, Orlando as the flagship of the Aus- tralian station, or will send a vessel of the same type to act in the same capacity as the Orlando, or will commission H.M.S. Astrroa to carry the flag. Authorities who are un- connected with the Admiralty are of opinion that the Astisea is pre-eminently fitted to dis- charge the duties of flagship. The first innings of the Americans totalled 625 runs. The Australians had lost four wickets for 125 rons when the stumps were drawn on Saturday, Graham (17) and G. Giffen (62) being the not-out men. The * match was concluded on Monday, when the Australians finished their first innings for 199 zuns, and being 326 runs in arrears had to follow on. In their second innings the colonials gave a better display, the innings being marked by a splendid stand made by Trott and Bannerman, who received an ova- tion for their fine performances. The second innings of the Australians closed for 258 runs, leaving the Fhiladelphian team winners by an -innings and 68 runs. The following are Mhe principal scores : PHILADELPHIA, First Innings. Bohlen. l18 Noble . n All out for. 525 AUSTRALIAN ELEVEN. First Innings. Graham . 25 G. Giffen, not out. 62 Blackham. 22 All out for. 199 Second Inningrs. Trott. S8 Bannerman. 79 All out for.258 Six thousand coalminers who were em- ployed in the smaller pits in England have xeBumed work at the old rate of wageB. The large collieries continue closed. One hund- red thousand miners in Wales have received li per cent, advance on the rate of wage« at first offered by the mine proprietors. The cargo of wheat by the barque Lurline, which sailed from Lyttleton (N.Z ) on 29fch * May, has been sold at 28s 6d per quarter. At the wool sales competition is brisk and prices are unchanged. The sties effected include Oakden Hills, new clip, 6id ; Saltern Creek, new clip 7*d; Clonagh, 7d ; Elms, .New Zealand, 9d ; Gibbs, scoured, 16d. The wool sales will close on Saturday. Mr. Valentine, the dairy expert, has been addressing the leading Chambers of Com- merce in the north, in the hope of enlisting their support to the proposal to make direct consignments of dairy products from New Zealand to Liverpool. ¡0 