local and general. Tub Municipal Revision Court wan held in tho Council Chambers yesterday, the mem bers present being His Worship the Mayor, and Aldermen Davies, P. Duffy, Neilson and Buss. Coucerniog the 'I own Clerk reported as indisposed, it was decided that no do advised that tho Revision Court regretted hla absence from tho Court. The following correspondence was dealt . with: 22s. tho claim of John White, tho Mayor read tho section /elating to thu qualification of por- son j t4 be entered on the vottog list, nnd it wna decided, on the motion of Alderman Neilson, seconded by Alderman Davies, "That as this claim was in direot contradic tion to the Aab (tbe rates not having been paid until the 7th) it bo not allowed." At this stage Alderman Redmond took his seat. Ro claim of James Rceco, it was decided that it oould nob bo entertained. JRc oluiui of Johu BorbwiBtle, Alderman Redmond, who statod that there had evidently beon an error on the part of tho Clerk, movod that Mr. Bertwistlo's name be plnocd on the list. Here Aldarmau Rowland took his seat. An amendment, moved by Alderman Neilson and seconded by Alderman Busb, that tbo claim be disallowed, was carried. The voting list was thereafter signed and certified, ana tho proceedings terminated.' It is stated that there is a considerable amount of sickness on several of the planta tions in tho dial rlct, the maladies being in- fluonza nnd diarrhcoi. At Fairymeatl tbo islanders are suffering severely, white at Messrs. Noakes Bros, plantation work has been , intermitted until tho Polynesians re- covor their normal stale of health. .AtMon Repos, Rubyannaand Binge: a sickness among the islanders also prevails. Against this, how ever, we havo ihe mortality rolurns for tho psst three weeks, whioh nro normal,! and from whioh we learn that the deaths regis tered during that period were— whites, 2 1 ' Polyuesinoe, 19. Further mortality returns of kanakas, whioh it is anticipated will comb in, will increase the number of kanaka deaths by seven or eight. In tbo deaths of children, however, a largo1 increase.- is per ceived, tho returns during three weeks being 11 deaths as compared with the " average of three deaths, or ono death of a ohild per week. A meeting convened by circular was held in <the Convent school on the evening of Monday last to give expression to tbo desire generally expressed that a memorial shonld bo erected to the late Father Rofsolini, whoso loss had modo a gap in . tho . district very difficult to fill. The Rev. Father Mlmnagh occupied cho chair, and there was a repre sentative gathering of ithq- mombore of tbe Roman Cathoiie Church. ' Oa the motion of Mr. G. F. Lyons, secooded by Mr. P. Duffy, tho desirableness of erecting a.' memorial; in the ohurch to the late Father Rossolint was affirmed the form ib should take to bo decided by the following, committee whioh' was appointed:. The Rev. J. Mimnagh aud Messrs. P. Duffy, J. J. Smith, G. F. Lyons, G. Stcindl, J. Fox, P. O'Brien, J. MShea, F. Coghlan, E. Boyle, D. Hogao, J. M'Carthy (GinGin)t M. Bennett, W. Watson, J.Daley, M. Dunn, D. M'Convllle, W. J. Canniffo. A. Dunn, and J. Gillen. The Rev. Father Mimnagh and . Mr. P. Duffy wero appointed joint treasurers and Mr. D. Hogan secretary. A subscription list was opened and between £40 and £50 promised. On tbe motion of Mr. A. Dunn seconded by Mr.' E; Boyle, ;ib was agreed that the meeting congratulate his grace, Archbishop Dunne, on >his recovery from recent illness. ' - ON tbe cvoning of Sunday last, tbo cutter Isabel, commanded by Captain Owens, .re turned after a four weeks' cruise at tbe Bankers' Group, some eighty or ninely miles " off tbe coast to tbe north-GASt. The cargo brought to port would delight tho heart of a Londoo civio dignatary, for no less than six teen large turtles - are splashing away under tho wharf wlioro thoy are hobbled by the flipper.: The turtles are splendid specimens, somo of the largest weighing ovor 3cwt., and it is to bo hoped thatT'the ontorprieo of Skipper Owens wijltjo rewarded and that a satisfactory price will be obtained for the turtles, the value of whioh in the market i« £2 caoh. In addition to the tortles the crew of the Isabel killed four sharks, whioh on being boiled down'yiolded ton gallons of oil. The Bunkers Group is a number of barren iriands wholly destitute of herbage. The Isnbel brings somo specimens of guano, of which there, is An amount, not overmbob, however, and| also speotmone of Vegetable manure, of whioh their is a quantity on tho islands. Fob those interested In bringing their lands under the Sugar Works Guaran tee Aot eo aa to. obtain loans to ereot 'central mills we. give, tho ,' form for 'permission to issue debentures," kindly placed at our ser vice by Mr. O'Oonneil, M.L.A., which will show what . the Government require .in this direction.' The following form may undergo some modification, but its lines will be enfil- olently adhered to to show farmers who desire sugar worke what information the Colonial Treasurer, will require i— Amianoq lion Psmiusioh io; Jssos DzosKtcags, . To tbo Colonial Treaaafor of Queensland. T--Compoy, D|mltod,of-,hcrobj spplloa for normiislon to Issue dobeaturcs coder tho seventh section of ; " tho flogar ;Works Guarantee 'Aot ot 1853." araountlmf in.tbo affgregato to p , pounds, ster 9- SI" «" «wk to oillmMoa It — : X Jrhonituroottlia bull din gpropoicjt bo created ' ,&3?oc!,falci,.6o»t a' ttie buildlca to ' '' ' ' J' /£'« nrtoM iot Hlomiotilnori ls-JL_ . V. Tbd Mtlm&tod; boat ot tho maohlnorj I. — — . .i!. torttoiilpreoM10 Una ujioa trhiolril to DM. Eoreof! Bnm can0 cnaorscd on tho othot aia. Tas - raking apparatnB foe uso at tho .Burnett bar, for whiph apptigation was mado >o the Colonial; yrcaenrec. , thropgh the Chamber of Commerce, lias arrived at tbla port, and ma; bp feea.at, the,., wharf >hero , ,wo viewed it yeetorday.- - In tho form of tho ordinary garden rako thoiero«e> piece;' froin whioh tho teeth jnt ont. ia some air feet in breadth, . the, wirpfopen.od for hauling tho apparatus being' attaobed to thw handlo.' A cursory .qxamfnotioh: of ithol machine does ' not givo one a;very high idea of ita utility. . ; Tho soct;pn . ,cnt ; ot: (oaoh / draping iof, tho . rako musk bo necessarily very narrow/while thore scorns to bo no provision against tho overturning /pf. the. apparatus ;, by 'meeting with somo obstiple/when of course, tho teeth would not aot. ' . Experiment . will, howevor beat teat tho usefulness .6? tho rovcrse'of the rako in -connection with the'required work. About seven o'dobk yeskorday morning, storm clouds iq.moro than one direction gr« promiso.of rain, 'hut only, a few drops fell Later on at midnight tho desired- ahango in thb woathor took plaoe, rain. coming down Bteadily, and tbo heavily piled ,up .cloude giving promiBo of yet further benefioent showers. " At tho Polico Court on Monday, boforo tho Police Magistrate,- Thomas Porter pleaded guilty to drunkenness, and ..was flood 10s.. with the alternative of 24 hours in tho lock up. Tho case of Eiobard Rico v. Robert Kilpatriok for tho docentionof a pony stallion In whioh Mr. Hamilton appeared for com- plainant, nnd Mr. Thorburn for defendant was coaclndcd, tho P.M. reserving his deof- ' sion until to-morrow, when judgmentwlll bo givon. There wero no cases yesterday. Plain and color stamping for envelopes, papor, etc., at G J. Young A Co. Tub intelligence tbnt Mrs. May, wife of Mr.W. H. May had passed away on Monday morning oaroo with a groat shock to tho many frtonds of tho deceased lady, who, although known to ho In delicate hoalth, was not thought to bo eo near tho further ehoro. Wo unite In sympathy with the bereaved mourners, Mr. May tho kindly and courteous secretary of the Land and Deposit Bank and Chamber of Commerce, and his family, who have sustained' n loss . nothing can replace. Tho funornl took placo yesterday nftcrocon, tho last snored rites being performed Vy tho Rev. W. Morris. Tub monthly meeting of the Hospital Committee was. held on Monday lost, the members present being Mr. II. Ruddcll, President, (in tho obair), and Messrs. ,T. C. Walker, Taudevia, Neilson, Stoiadl. Wyper, M'Mannic, Toltcn and Rowland. The minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed. Apologies for absence on behalf of Messrs. Leo and Turner wore accepted; A request from A. Bcowen tlint his eontraot for drugs for the current year bo transferred to A, P. Chipendall who had taken over his business wns granted. Tho report of the visiting committee was read. It showed that tho largest number of pntients over knowu were now in tho Hospital? It was also recommended that two incurable patients bu removed to Dunwich, and that additional aid, when required, should he obtained through the visiting oommltteo for tho matron. The report was received. Mr. V. Nogues, collector to tho Hospital, showed subscriptions, Ac., amounting to 428 Gs Gi : From Messrs. Cran Bros, and tho employees of Duncroggnn 4715? from employees at Hon Repoa 40 16b Od. Tho Secretary intimated that he had accepted the oiler of Madam Ridge, for a Hospital benefit night, half of tho gross proceeds to go to tho institution. Tickets were ready for sale. It was decided to write to the Colonial Secretary re tho accounts due to local tradesmen for furnish ing tho Polynesian Hospital, the letter to go through tho local Polynesian Office. Messrs. Totten and Pile wore appointed tho visitiog committee for tho month. Accounts to tho amount of 4102 6s Gd were passed. . Thb organ recital and prize competition in connection with tho Wesleyan Sunday School came off in tho Queen's Theatre on Monday ' night last. Tbo attendanco was fairly good, . and tbo programme, which was long and varied, was strictly adhered to, and was gone through without a hitch. Amongst the non competitive items to bo particularised were two organ recitals on the now organ, by Mr. R. J. Boyle, which showed that gentleman to 'bo a master of the instrument. "Sowing and Reaping," a solo by Miss Williams, was -well rendered, while a duct, " The Fisherman and Ms Child," by tho Misses Longharst and L. Kricger, received the appreciation of tho audience. "The Death of Nelson," by Mr. Powell, evoked hearty applnnse, and was fol lowed by Mies Murdin'b most praiseworthy rendering of " The Lost Chord," with organ accompaniment. A quartette, "Wandering through tho City," was given by Misses Hardin and Powe and Messrs. Rankin and Marsh, which was well received, and was followed by a duct, " Larboard Watch," by Messrs. Powell and Williams. This was fol lowed by recitations in French (non-competi tive) by Misses Lncie and Laura Nogues. . Urdoobtcdly the gem of the evening woe tho novelty of a' whistling solo, " Dreamland Waltz/', by Mr, Clarke, who was loudly encored, but did not respond. " The Night- leas Laud," by Mrs. Marsh, was sung in that lady's usual effeotive manner, with rauoh feeling and expression. A violin solo, by 1 Miss Brand, " What ore the wild waves say ing," was next given, and was cleverly exe cuted. t " Lovo at Home," a quartette, by Mrs. Marsh, MIbs Powe, Messrs. Beuhow and Marsh, followed, tho voices being well bal-. anced, This, with a few remarks from tho I chairman, -tho declaration of results, and the , singing of the doxology; brought an enjoyable evening to a close. The following are the results of the competition : Recitations for boys and girls under 12, Bertie Doan ? read ing for boys and girls under 16, Annie King, : 1 1 Clara Bertram, 2. Recitation for girls under 12, Beatrice HuB»oy, 1 ; Ida Burne, 2 j Clara Bertram, 3. Recitation in French, William Dean? recitation, boys and girls 'under 10, Annie King ? reading, in French, Floreaco O'Connor? violin solo, Master Bonding? recitation, juniors under Miss Carrio Hussoy ? essay on flowers? Mibs Carrie Hassey? . motto, "A stitch in time eaves nine," Qraco Hunt, i? Lilian Dean. 2? Thomas ; Palmer. 3.- a noteworthy fact in connection with tho Frcnoh reoitations so' excellently rendered is tho short timo the pupils have been acquiring tho language, Modome Cavol informing us that Willio Dean, twelve years of 'ago, who acquitted himself admirably? began the study of French only five months ago, .while Florrio O'Connor and Nollio Dean, both under fourteen years of age, have only boon' tanght for txeve and nine months respectively. At a committeo meeting of tho Philhar monic Society tho othor night, it was . deoided to bring the sooiotyjs first season to aclose, by holding a convcraazidno in the Qneen's Theatre, -on Thursday tho 7th of December, next. .As .it is some .years' since an entertainment of this sort baa been givon in Bundaberg, and as .tho programmo is varied anddnteresting, a full house should toward '.the- efforts of the promoters. Refreshments will-be handed round daring the evening, and altogether a very interest ing bod : enjoyable ; reunion may \ be anticipated. ' ' TnB.etook tax . imposed tinder '/the Meat and Dairy Produse .Encounagement Act" passed last session, is duo in tho Treasury, Brisbane, on or beforo the.Slst December, failure to comply with tho regulation being met with a fino of 46 for each day alter that period during which payment ia not- made. The tax represents 15s. for every 100 head of cattlb, and ls.Gd. for evory 100 sheep, tho computation of the cattle to bo taken from the returns under the- Brands Act, and the abeep from the returns under the Sheep Assessment Aot at tho beginning of tho £ resent year. Wo learn from Mr. Honbury, .P.S., that forms aro being prepared for use in tbo future which will include tbo returns required under the three Acts Vfa rogreb to learn that Mr.R. Thompson, our worthy Town Clerk, ib laid up with a sovaro attack .of influenza. Mr. Thompson stuck to his post as long aB possible, but yesterday was compelled to confess himself on invalid, and asked to bo excused from fulfilling bis duties. During his indisposition If r. Fostot Thompson will attend to Municipal Council business.-. .Wa remind our readers that tho benefit performance ; jvhioh Madam Rldgo's Circus Company givo in aid of the Hospital funds tokos placo to-night' When to a very attractive programmo is added tbo oppor tunity of assisting an institution all believe jn the result should bo a bumper house. TnaRevMr Cbristonsoa roturnod yesterday from Lsidloy and Warwick districts, where o has been proaohing to tho members of tho Danish congregation. < Duriog this weok ho "will visit Gin Gin, Carrsjong Creek, and Sotith Kolan, after which he will again make periodical viaitB to tho southern distrlota mentioned until such times as tho existing vacanoy there is filled. W. direct attention to the professional ' announcement of Mr. F. J. North, surveyor, appearing in another column. Although bo ie now resident at ' Uplands," Rosedale, .ho U still prepared to undertako the work of bis piofeestoan throughout tho district. Tub regular mooting of tho Women's Christian 'Tomporaaoo Union will bo held . to-aiorrow (Thursday) afternoon, Jn tho Wealeyan Churob. "It is a thousand pities," says tho Port JSlixahcth Telegraph , tbo oldost nownpapor in Capo Colony, 11 that somotbing cannot bo dono to ohouk tho inflow of unfortunate Australian8 into thin eountry. According to reports which rcnoh as, some thousands of young ' mon, principally olorka, but alto some moobanios and laborore, will arrivo in Capo Town within tho next few months. Wo vary much foar that thoy aro doomed to bitter disappointment. Thoro arc enough, and moro than enough, olorks in this country already, as is illustrated by tho difficulty whioU thoso who hnvo tho misfortuno to loso ono situation havo to got another. It is nn exaggeration of faots to say that for QBch vuoanoy wliioh ooours in a merchant's offioo there aro at least 20 applioants. Apart'from thoso who bavo arrivod from Aus tralia in soaroh of omploymost as clerks, tlioro ate largo number of young men walking about tho atroots in seuroh of work hero. Unaer tho circumstances, what ohanco is thcro for the now arrivals ? Thcro Is roally not room for thorn in South Afrloa at tho present tlrao, for tho amount of business being dono is not Euffiolont to absorb an additional supply of workora. Tho olfoots of tho largo immigration into this country from Australia oan only bo to bring distress to our doors, and to aocontimto tho badness of tho times. Tho outlook. In .viow of reports that some thou sands of pooplo from Australia aro about to pour into South Africa, is not at all rosoato. >Vo cannot, of eoarso, wondor at tho anxiety of those across tho sea desiring to bonofit them selves. Thoy boliovo thoy aro making a, ohango for the hotter and no ono oan blumo them for wishing to do that. Unfortunately, wlion thoy reach Capo Town most of them will bo probably without friends and with but Httlo money. Tlioso who reaoh Johannesburg, and doubtlosB-tliat will bo tho goal of all who havo suflleient moans to journey so far, will not reaoh a waaithy city in want of a largo population. Business has beon as much ove'r- dono at tbo Rand an it has overywhoro else in tho eountry, and situations arc as soaroo thoro as anywhero. Masbonaland may, and doubt less will, In tho nosi future, do capable of absorbing a largo Eurotfoan population, but just now tho prospeots o£tbab oountry aro not suoh as to tempt clerks to enter It. As regards tho mechanics and artisans, there is, wo think, moro liopo for thorn. Thoro should bo an opening for skilled labor in tho country, though oven skilled labor at tbo prceont momont is not so greatly in domnnd as it was a fow years ago. Novortholoss employment oan still, wo think, bo found for good steady workmen ; but thoro is no room for moro olorks, and oar Government should toko Immediate stops to havo this faot mado knowu in Australia with a viow to putting a stop to tho emigration from that country to the Capo." Provisions for tho storage of meat im ported from nbroad aro being made on a large scale in London, where n wealthy syndicate has been formed to erect new cold air stores, which will be supplementary to tho dock refrigerator, and will hold some 5000 carcases of sheep. This links well with the efforts made in Queensland and tho other Australian colonies to promote tho export meat trade, and as tbo example of London will probably bo followed by tho great Conti nental cities tho trade should shortly assume very satisfactory proportion?. A recent in vention patented by Dr. Shiele, called the temperature regulator, and which is applied to the ammonia process of prodaoiog oold, is claimed to prescrvo a perfeotly equable tem perature, a thing impossible to secure now, as thecold airmnchinoy.by its draughts, neces sarily causes tho temperature to vary. It is stated that by Dr. Sbicls' system meat oan ho carried for 72 days in a chilled — not frozen — condition and if this be accomplished all the disadvantages presented by the longer Ben voyage from Australia as compared with' America wjll be obviated, and tho colonies placed in the best position to embark in a most profitable trade. Mb. Peter M'Natjoiit, doputy-ohalrman of the " Now Australia" movement, delivered a leoturo at St. John's Hall, Wflgga, on Wednes day night last. About forty persons wero present. Ho said that. tho press Condemned tho movoment booaus'o it was something now. Tho movoment was not understood, and had novor beon inquirod into. Thoy mast unito labor, capital, and land to accomplish anything, and tho laborer should bo tho capitalist and landlord. This was what tho Now Australia movomont was aiming at. Tho land in New Australia would.be ' hold in common. The Now Australians wero oommunists, and individualists as far as spoooh, religion,- and leisure wore concerned. Thoy would havo food, shelter, olotbing, and oducation for tholr labor ; tho surplus produotion at tbo ond of tho year would bo sold, and tho proceeds divided amongst the community. Tho religion would bo freo, and the proaobere must p roach for lovo and not for payment. Tho settlors would work forty-eight hours oaoh wook. We have to acknowledge receipt of a pamphlet issued by tho Department of Agri culture entitled " SagarFlanting in Queens land," and whioh among other useful infor mation on tho.' subject of sugar . is chiefly interesting from the reproduction of nn artiolo on the sugar industry in Queens- Ian, written by Miss Shaw, the special corres pondent of the Times, and who now holds the position of colonial editor of that great London journal. Sngar planting under tho improved conditions presented by recont legislation as well as tho development of tho industry is fully and comprehensively dealt with, and as the pamphlet is sent freo ib should widely and usefully Bpread knowledge concerning., tbo latest phaso of planting in Queensland. It is rathor curious (says . Anglo-Aus tralian In tho .European Mail)' that- tbo Queensland Agenoy hero has just bad inquiries from some British colonists at Quion, in Chili, South America, who wish for information, and seem disposed to try Australia, This is highly significant. I, for o'noi did riot know that ' there wore any British colonists in Chili, but ib scemB there is a settlement, and I should not bo at all surprised if tlio much greater attractions of Queensland draw manyof them away from a land that must bavo many disadvantages from a British viewpoint, I T/ie bridgo over Saltwater Creek, about five miles from Maryborough, and which carries all the Pialba trafllo, collapsed on Sunday afternoon, and tho trafilo is now blooked. A buggy occupied by five persons had a narrow escape, tho bridge falling im mediately after they had crossed. . Ouit (Brisbane Bun) -Adavalc correspon dent writos-: "Mon aro rolling in with their oheques to prooure whisky, and business is looking up a little." These mon will bo on tho " wallaby" a fortnight hence and oursing the squatters and tho Government because they cannot earn moro money. On Saturday next Mr. W. E. Curtis will auction at his rooms at 11 o'olook, two 1G0- acro farms, ono situated at Etcotra, and tho othor at Walla Both aro to bo sold almost without rcsorvo. After the enlo of thcao Mr. Curtis will nuotlon without any reservo a valuablo cornor allotment inBarolin-streets Tho farm at Elcotra is situated on Fino Creek, aud is ono of tho best and most fertile in tho district? it. was formerly known as Lymer's. We direct speoial attention to the clearing out salo . advertisod in our columns by Mr. Rusaoll Wilkina, of tbo Royal Red Arcade. Special bargains iu all lines of Fancy Goods, household requisites, etc., dhn now bo had at the Royal Red Arcncto, Bourbon-st. Mus, Lovelock's standard Herbal Remedies area positive cure for all disease. Lung IGlenui for asthma, cough, and colds, 2s.? Corn Cure for hard und soft corns, is - Dys pepsia Cure for indigestion, 2/G ? Instantane ous Toothaolio Curo, Is? Nerve Elixir for nervousness, 2/G? Herbal Linnmont for gout and rheumatism, 2s. — 0. Crainpton, agent, BourbOn-street. 1 Sole agents for the Hammond typewriter Q. J. Young and Co. Letts Diaries, 1804, arrived, Soleot tho one at.'onoe at G. J, Young and Co. An extrordinary. accident happened to a man named Richard pavers at tho corner of Wharf and Queen-streets, Brisbane, on Mon day afternoon. Davers was under the in- flaenco of liquor, and in aiming n blow at a mate, with whom lio quarrelled, slipped on tho pavemoQt, and, falling against the iron palisading round tho Bank of Australasia, drove one of tho iron spikes right through his wrist. The doctors who arrived on the scene decided not to try to take the hand off the epiko. bub to liavo tho spiko cut off, which was done. Ho was then taken to the hospital by Dr. Brookway wbero tbo iron spike was extracted from his wrist, and ho was detained as a patient. j The American mail brings news from New Orleans to 'the 4th October, which states that at least 1000 persons lost their lives in tho great storm which devastated tho Gulf States on tho 2nd Octobor, and it is feared that the casualties may reach the appalling total of 2000 whon all tbo details have beon received from places that have not yet? reported. Excepting only the Johnstown horror, this is undoubtedly the greatest disaster in the United ' States since the war. In the Bayou Cook district alone it is believed that 500 to 700 people perished. Whole families in some instances wero obliterated, and in a number-of cases from two to six members of a single house- perished. Animals wero drowned . by thousands, and pestilence may bo added to the already appalling catastrophe. . One report Bays that over 2000 wero killed, and nearly 44,000,000 worth of property was de molished. There never has been anything approximating it since tho country was settled. Everything iB wrecked,' and the survivors are without food, shelter, or clothing. The American pcoplo would seem to' hav gone crazy over international sporting contests. We have had a billiard contest and a yacht rase,, and now cbmeB the announcement that an international railway engine race is being arranged. Four locomotivo'cugines are expected to contest, 'lhe English engine Empress, with a record of over 05 miles an hour? tho. Now York Central engine 000, with a record of 102 miles ? the New Jersey Central's No. - 385, record 08 miles, and Pennsylvania Railway Company's engine Columbia, record speed of 05 miles an hoar. These engines arc all tho work of difforcnt builders,, and each is considered the best of its class in existence. The race, It is expected, will take place on tho tracks of the New York Central Company, because on this lino there arc four paralled roadways, and it is therefore possible to give a straightway course for the distance required — 10 miles — where the four engines can speed away neok and neck. Tbo parse is to be 4200, and somo phenomenal records arc confidently pre dicted. Mind tour P's. — Porsons who patronise papers should pay promptly, for tho pecuniary prospects of the Press possess a peculiar power on poshing forward publio prosperity. If tho Erinter is paid promptly, and his pookot-book spt plethorio by prompt paying patrons, ho puts his pon to ids paper in peace ; his para graphs aro moro pointed; ho paints bis pictures of pasting ovento in moro pleasing pigmonts ; and tho perusal of his paper ia a pleasure to tho people. Paste this piece of proverbial philoso phy in some place where all persons oan per ceive it.. Tub Public Baths, Tantitha-sfcreefe, are now open at night from 7 till 10. For Ladiee on Thursday night only, whon Miss A. Crow will bo in attendance. . Two 400-gaUon malt tanks for sale at G J. Young & Co The Bnndaberg Deposit Bank is open to receive fixed deposits at 7 per cont. for twelvo months, G per cent, for 6 months, and 5 per cent, at call available at an hoar's notice. Daley ! D&lby; I. Dalby tobacco— tho "quan tity sold proves ib the best.— G. J, Young' & Co. sole agents. ' 