DAIRY NOTES. | ยก -:-?-- J BREED TOUR OAVN COWS--Dairy- f men will have to breed their own i cows, and the foolish slaughtering of ' calves will have to stop. Several s sensible men will have to club to- < gether and buy a perfect dairy bull and use him for the improvement of their milking herds. The red Holstein ' cattle are the best butter cows in the i world, but some one will have to in- ] troduce them to Australia. The '? black-faced Holsteins are the only sort in these colonies, and they are 1 thc least valuable of the three breeds i as milkers. The white-faced Hols- teins are excellent cows for the cheese dairy. At pi-esent the best and cheapest bulls for dairymen are the Ayrshires and- Jerseys - both more dangerous than our Shorthorn, unless very carefully treated. Mun j' people spoil the temper of a bull by playing with it. Never allow a bull to become familiar, and at the same time do nothing to make- him afraid of any one coming near him. Good dairy cattle will become more valu- able as the advantages of keeping good cows become better known. PROFESSOR LONG ON AUSTRALIAN BUTTER.-Professor Long, the Eng- lish authority, says : " If Australian makers were aware of the inferior quality of the bulk of the butter sold during our English winter at from ls 2d to ls 4d per lb., they would, be encouraged to take any steps to sup- ply the market with what it really needs." Contrary to the general belief that the Danish system of but- ter making is the best in the world, Professor Long states that experience has shown that the Danish system is inferior to that adopted in Great Bri- tain, in France and in America: " Thc Australian maker to succeed must produce a tough butter-of fairly rich colour, mildly salted, as waxy as possible, not overworked so as to appear greasy, showing the grain when broken like that of a bro- ken bar of iron, and possessing a mildness and flavour of its own. SUGAR AND. SALTPETRE IN BUTTER. -Sugar will change the flavour of the butter, and it will not keep so well unless pure. Most people prefer the real butter taste. With regard to the use of saltpetre, although it is no doubt preservative and does not change the taste if used in small quantities, we do not advise its use. Great care must be exercised, as too much is injurious to the stomach. MANAGEMENT OF CALVES. - The young calves will be thankful for a small allowance of mixed meal and bran, given once a day. If this is given by hand, in a dish, it will tame the young things and make them so docile that there will be no trouble when . the calves grow up to cow's estate, and must be milked and handled. A heifer com- ing in should never need to bo bro- ken. This training, not breaking, should be done early. POOR MILK AND SMALL YIELD. Improper food is a prolific source of poor milk and small yield. The milk is made from the food the cow eats and the water she drinks, and it is well to romembor that the food must be properly balanced. SOME DAIRY CATTLE.-Mr. Thomp- son, of the Hawkesbury College, recently stated that one of tho best heards of dairy cattle in tho colonies is that formed by Mr. De Mestre (of racing fame), who discarded the stud book, and made it a point to pm1 chasothecowson board mail steamers and immigrant ships, as they arrived in port from London, Liverpool, Glasgow and Cork. Ile did not care how ugly or fine-bred they were so long ns they were good milkers and produced large quantities of rich milk. Some people laughed at his varied type or dairy cows, but they paid him better than breeding from pedigree stock. 