LATEST TELEGR&MS.; [Per Courier and Press Agency Service! LONDON Sontombor 29. In consequence of the Pope having re fused to recognise tho right of King Hum bert of Italy to nominate a cleric for' tho position of Patriarch of Venico, the Italian Government have declined, f« issue tho exequatur (or written official recogni tion) usual in connection with the ap pointment of new bishops. The incident has caused a sonsation both at Vonice and at Rome. It is announced that tho principal Gor man bankors havo agreed to raiso tho proposed Italian loan of ^£20,000,000, on condition that taxation in Italy is re adjustod. Tho New South Wales 4 per cent loan of £2,500,000, was issued to-day, with a minimum of £98 10a. Tendering has already commenced, and the loan is now quoted at a promium of £1, or jG99 10s. Tondors aro to be opened on Thursday next. Tho London Trades Council is appealing for funds in aid of the minors' strike, for the Durnoso of relieving manv Hinn»o,ui. nc women and ' childron who aro reported to be starving, and whose only food is raw potatoes. ? The coalmine owners have issued a manifesto offering to submit the dispute to arbitration, their only desiro being that the rate of wages shall follow the price of coal. Lord Armstrong has expressed hia opinion that, in consequence of the btrength of tho newly-discovered explosives, it will soon be neooasary to abandon large armoured vessels for naval defence, and he advises tho construction of swift cruisers and light r.amships. Tlje Rome correspondent of the Daily Chronicle reports that the outlook is dangerous for the peace of Franco and Italy, and, thore is great anxiety at the Vatican. \ ' ? Later. It is roported that one firm in the city has offered tox take up tho whole of the New South Wales'loan at' £100 (tho mini- , mum price being fixed at £98 10s). The Standard states that the market evidently means to make the New South Wales loan a success. Receivers have been appointed by the Court in connection with the affairs of the Jarvis and Oonklin Mortgage and Trust Company, of Missouri. The, liabilities of the company are stated at 8,000,000 dollars. News from South Africa states that the Matabele natives are now raiding tha British South Africa Company's territory sixty miles from Fort Salisbury. The Q.R.M.S. Jumna, from Brisbane lab August, arrived at Plymouth to-day. The labour leaders have sent an appeal to Australia for funds to help to mitigate the distress which exists in the families of the minors on strike. The French Government have declined to exempt priests from military service as reservists. October 1. New South Wales 4 per cent Government stock is now quoted at £100 6s (a decline of £4 15s since Thursday), and the scrip of the new loan is quoted at the same price. The Australian cricketers have arrived in America, and played their first match at Philadelphia on Friday and Saturday. The Americans scored 525 in their first innings, Bohlen 117, and Noble 77, being the prinoipal scorers. The Australians scored 125 for 4 ?wickets, the not-out men being Giffen 62, of which 18 were made in one over, and Graham 17. The shipment of Queensland frozen b«e! by the Duke of Devonshire has arrivetd in London, and is found to be of good quaftty and ontirely free from bonestmk, but soma of the meat is in a dirty condition. Alderman George Robert Tyler has beeu elocted Lord Mayor of London. The National Miners' Federation has re fused an interview with the colliery owners to discuss matters in connection with tha present mining strike in Great Britain, bub it has decided to allow members of the federation to resume work at the old rate of wages, and it is expected that about 50,000 mon will return to work. The revenue of Great Britain for the past half-year shows a decrease of £1,500,000. It is roported that France intends to cede to Russia as a naval station the island of Koh-Samit, in the Gulf of Siam, whioh was seized by the French in June last. A Russian squadron will visit Toulon on tho 13th instant. ' Further fighting has taken place in con nection with tha rebellions in Brazil and Argentina. Later. Several houses in Badajoz and Merida, in_ Spain, have boen blown up wirh dyna mite, and a large number of people injured. Pallos, tha anarchist, has been sentenced to death. A mine in Michigan (U.S.A.), has been flooded, and thircy-seven miners drowned. The United States warship has prevented the insurgents at Rio de Janeiro from seiz ing property, and has protested against the killing of many civilians. Lord ? Rosebery is proposing that the Great Powers jointly intervene. Mr. Boyneon, an American resident, has been arrested for directing tha rebels. October 2. The Franco- Siamese parleyiriga have ? concluded amicably. ? - }..... lhe Rev. Professor Jowett is dead. ' The royalists havo captured Rosario The Financial News states that the suocoss of the New South Wales loan ia fully assured. Later. Siam has agreed to the French treaty under extreme pressure. France evacuates Ohantaboon when the country is pacified and withdraws her demand for the expul sion of Danish officers. An Italian immigrant steamer, which haa arrived at- Teneriffe, reports that &i; pas sengors died of cholera. Thevesael was previously refused admission to Brazil. An extraordinary scene occurred in Sfc. Goorgo's Catholic Cathedral, London. A dynamite cartridge was thrown through the door and exploded No livea wero lost. A native of Bombay has donated £15,000 to tho Imporial Institute. Tho Freehold Trust of Australia hasde olared a dividend of 10 per cent, placed to reserve £3000, and will carry forward £1000. 