SUMMAKY. H.M.S. Orlando is at Adolaido. The eleotorate cricket matches on Saturday drew largo crowds to the various deciding grounds. East Sydney aro 144, first innings, against Manly s 166 for tlio two innings. Paddington lias piled np 233 for tho loss of two wickets ogainot Canterbury. Glebo have so far an advantago over Uni versity. Tno ovorgreon Garrott made 58 for 'Varsity. Red fern nnd Central Cumborland are having a tight race, the former being 241 nnd tho lattor eight wickots for 219. Sir George Dibbs is quite propared to deliver his budget speech. Repairs to tho amount of £4000 aro to bo made to tho Pyrmont Bridge. The estimates wore undor consideration of Cabnet on Saturday. The connecting aeworsof tho wostern suburbs are to be put in band at once. The Minister for Works will bring tlio Moroe and Invoroll railway before his col leagues. Mrs. Phillips, 0110 of tho victims of tho Car- coar tragedy, is convalescent. All her con versation is about tlio awful event. It is doubtful whether slio will bo ablo to give evidence against Glasson at Bathurst 011 Wednesday next. The hearing of tlio Cargo bank robbery caso lias resulted in the acquittal of Thomas "Love. The jury could not ugreo about Jamos and John Stinos, tho other accused, who were ro- mandod to Sydney. Jean Vlark, found guilty of a criminal assault on a woman, was on Saturday night ut Broken Hill sentenced to death by tho Chief Justice. A big federation meoting is to be hold at Burwood to-night. Satisfactory progress is boing mado with tho Burns Memorial Fund. A gang of safe robbers bodily removed tlio eafo from tho Burdckin Hotel, William-street, and succeeded in opening it and getting £10U in money and valuables. Rifle Association annunl meeting commenced to-day. Rear-Admiral Eowden-Smith and Mrs. Bowden-Smith, accompanied by tho flagship OrlandiV and two other warships, aro to spend from January to March at Hobart. Warships in Farm Cove aro tho Royalist, Ringdove, Mildura, Wallaroo and Karra- lcatta. Ballot of tho marine engineers on Wednes day, and interview between dolegate nnd chairman of steamship owners on Thursday ro the subject of engineers' wages. Steamship Darius duo on Thursday from Calcutta. R..M.S. Ophir at Albany on Saturday. Mails due Sydnuy on Thursday. /Frisco mail per R.M.S. AInineda to arrivo eitlior this evening or early to-morrow. ThojLabor Federation League in Queensland is organising land settlements in tho central nd western districts of the colony. Sir Thomas M'llwraitli has been appointed to ropresent Queensland on tho Federal Coun cil. The mcaslos opidemic is very prevalent nt Kiania nnd Rylstone, and in some cases whole families are down. Fully 15,000 persons visited the Military Tournament during daylight 011 Saturday, and tho night's attendance numbered about 10,000. Thomas Nolan, SO years ot age, charged with the murder of his adopted son Charles Nolan, wa9 acquitted at Brokon Hill Circuit Court on Saturday on the ground thnt ho acted in self- defence. There wero remaining in Prince Alfred Hospital on October 15 169 pationts. Tho number of out-pationts treated during tho week was 447, and tho number of casualty cases treated, but not admitted, 198. Mr. Bruco Smith, M.L.A., lias written a letter, to tho lion, secretary of the Anuandale Citizens' Committee, in which ho satisfactorily explains his action respecting tlio alteration of the local electorate's name to Amiandalo. Gasttic cholera lias appeared at tho Green- wick workhouse, and 159 of the inmates havo been affected, three fatally. If you feel heavy and headachy it means you drink English beer. Sample some of Toohey's Sparkling Amber and note the differ ence. A Danish vessel has boon run down by the Ostend mail steamer, and five persons on board the former wero drowned. There are still 200,000 miners on strike in England. f Cciul has fallen 8s per ton in London, not withstanding the continuance of the strike. Under Australian auspices a company is being formed in London with a capital of £250,000, to bo called the Co-operativo Colonial Stores Co. Appreciative references to tho late Rev. Dr. Steel were made in a number of the churches yesterday. The military tournament was a financial euccess. _ The marine engineers' ballot on the roduo- tion of wages will close to-day. Tho Capo Government has written to the Premier asking for information respecting re frigerating moat. ' Messrs. Thomas Jessep, John Cameron and T. M. Dalveen have been nominated for the vacancy in tho City Council caused by the death of the late Alderman Painter. A largely-attended meeting hold at Redfern on Friday night protested against the action of the Sydney Hospital authorities in clos ing the Regeiit-stre'ou dispensary. The X civ Zealand Shipping Co. has agreod to < " s'ey immigrants to Tasmania on the terim, conceded to immigrants to New Zea land. Tasmanian Government is said to bo gene rally condemned for not taking decisive action to enforce tlio taxation proposals. _ The Bishop of Melbourno last night de livered to an overflowing audience a lecture on the " Continuity of the Church of England," being a reply to recent utterances of Arch bishop Can-. The troublo botweon wool buyers and brokers is expected to bo settled in Melbourne to-day. The Boer force, which is marching to tlio relief of tho British force in Mushonalnnd, is barred by a iaige Matabele force. Sir F. Carringtnn considers that tho forces Bent against tho Matabelcs aro too small, and lie advises the calling out of Cape Volunteers, Scrip of the New South Wales loan, recently floated, is quoted at 3J. premium. An engagement is reported to have taken place between Afghans and Russian troops on the Afghan frontier, the Russians being re pulsed. Tho Russian fleet at Toulon was received most enthusiastically. Deputations of welcome from almost every town in Franco waited upon tho Russian Admiral, and a succession of fetes lias been arranged for tlio entertainment of tho officers and men. Two battalions of Marshal Peixoto'e troops are reported to have joined the Brazilian in surgents, and other defections from tho Presi dential army uro expected to follow. Tho Union Pacific Railroad Co., ono of the leading organisations of the kind in the United States, has beon placed in tho hands of official reeeivors. United States Senate had a continuous sitting of 39 hours discussing tho Sherman Act Repeal Bill. Tho obstructive tactics in tho Senate have excited universal indignation in tlio United Stntes. A dividend of 20 per cent, has been declared by the Trust Co. of Australasia. No dividend will bo paid by the Orient Steam Navigation Co. on the past half yoar's operations. Bank of Australasia shares are now quoted at £71. Tlio American ynolifc Vigilant lias won the America Cup, tlie third contest resulting in Vnlkyrio being beaten by 4Csec. only. Articles hostile to the appointment of Lord Elgin as Viceroy of India aro being published by tho Indian journals. Dublin "Wookly Freeman," post froo od. Finn, Bros, and Co., Booksellers, Printers, &c.;, 586 George- street \ Gala still executes Commissions on forth \ coming ovents. Caulfield Cup, 20,000 at 5\. Address Gala, caro of H. Alexander, Box 171. G.P.O., Brisbane (Q. ), nnd apply personally, 67 Oxford-street. : r Tattersall's nro tha only genuine succoBsful eonsultations in Australia. Caulfield Cup, Octobor 21. at 10 ; Melbourno Cup, November LatlO sad 20. Address, care Goorgo Adams, '-isbano only. 