Some Lessons of Adversity. A SERMON BY EEV. W. L. WATKINSON. Jehoshaphat made ships of Tharshish to go to Upliir for ! gold ; but luey went not ; for tho ships were broken at iCzionKcber."-1 KINOS xxii. 48. We have read of a ship departing from one of the New England porta in the early period of the colony i she never roached her destination; she waB never heard of afterwards. The narrative went on to say that one pleasant sommer afternoon, long after the New England people were standing by the sea when they saw a Teasel approach the shore which they knew by its build and rigging to be the very missing ship. It drew neater and nearer until every line of rigging was visible, and even the faces of those on board. Then suddenly tho viBion faded, tho éaün dissolved in cloud, the spars were lost in tho mistimes of the sky, the hull diaapppared beneath tho waters, tho spectre bark was no moro. So yeara ago wo made GREAT VENTURES, cherished great hopes, but to-day wo know how many of those schemes havo been dashed, and the ships wa sent forth with so much pride »nd joy are now melting away into nothingness, like the apparitional ship of the legend. Oar dreams of prosperity havo proved nothing more than dreams; our fond hopes havo been confounded. Tho ships of Jehoshaphat were not lost without a reason, neither aro ours, and we ought humbly to learn tho lessons of adversity. If the events of life had no moral significance, they would simply : mean that a man was just so mach richer, or so much poorer, and there would bo an end of the whole matter ; but believing as we do that the events of life aro linked in with the education of the soul, it is our duty to pause and ponder the great teaching of the disappointments and dis asters of life. J. Our misfortune may be a rebuke for some immoral principle that has found expression in our life. JEHOSHAPHAT HAD FORMED AN ALLIANCE with Ahaziah, an idolater, and because of this alliance God destroyed his ships (2 Chron. xx. 37.) I J ust as Jehoshaphat formed this illegal alliance, j so in the pursuit of wealth anti power men aro often tempted to make compromises and adopt false principles and iniquitous mothods. I believe that there never was a period in tho history of the world whon morality was recognised in trade as fully as it is to-day ; but this granted there is plenty of immorality existent still much that is dishonest, unfair, selfish. Paul could affirm before Festus, " This thing was not done in a corner;" but many things aro done in corners now-tin corners, copper corners, wheat corners, cotton corners. Does not this overweening covet ousness, injustice, smartness account for many catastrophes in the business world P THERE ARE MANY " PREVENTABLE WRECKS" on the high seas, and many a wreck would have been prevented in the commercial world by moderation, more truthfulness, justice, and charity. Tho immorality of trade accounts for many a' stagnation, many a orisis, many a Black Friday. Our wrecked ships ought to call attention to the principles on which we have sailed them, and if we find that we have entered into immoral partnerships, brought into our business equivocal principles, made guilty con cessions for the sake of realising some coveted gain or pleasure, we need not wonder that our ships have been broken, and we must be careful that the bitterest tears we shod over them are tears of repentance. Our misfortune may be a rebuke to the godless tem por in which we have conducted our business. God standB at the back of the natural world and tho commercial world, acting with infinite freedom throughout. There is A LONG CHAIN OF CAUSES AND FORGES, but the last link of the ohain is in the hand of God. Without his bidding nob a drop of rain falls from heaven, no corn springs out of the earth, no cluster ripens in the sun-the blessing of God alone gives fertility. But we are apt to forget this. There may be much practical atheism where there is little or no theoretical atheism, and there is much practical atheism in trade. " Go to now, ye that say to-day or to- morrow we will go into such a city, and continue there a year, and buy and sell, and get gain; whereas ye know not what shall bo on tho morrow." (James ir. 13.) No recognition ot God, of bis will, of his government, of his glory. It was for ! gotten that he has the silver and the cold, that he is tho Lord of the harvest, that be holds tht winds in his fists, the waters in the hollow of hu hand. May not our misfortunes sometimes bc a direct rebuke to our unbelief, our presumption; I our ungodliness ? We sent forth a gallant barque with a picked crew, a master pilot, a fair wind, E rising market, and the proud craft is a derelict driven on the rocks, scattered on the beach swallowed in the depths. Brethren, let us accepl our CATASTROPHES AS REBUKES for our lack of religious thonght and feeling ii practical life. Our misfortunes aro blessed i they show us our errors and sins and lea( us into truer pathways. There is n< moro awful thing in lifo than for i man to succeed in immoral and godless ways Thank God for disaster if it only opens our eyei And saves oar eoul. " I know, O Lord, that th; judgments ara right, and that thou in faithful j nes3 hast afflicted mo." And lot us learn bntter for tho f utaro. " Then said Ahaziah tho eon of Ahab unto Jehoshaphat, lot my servants go with thy servants in tho ships. But Jehoshaphat would not" (ver¡io49). The King of Judah, bad had enough of that. So let it bo with us. Lot us take counsel of God; let us bo loyal to truth and righteousness ; let UH rernembur that light bas no fellowship with darkness, neither ho that believeth with an infidel; lot na sail our gold ships ou higher principles altogether, and in days to como they may bring us greater treasuro, and if they do not bring us greater treasuro wo shall get a great deal more joy out of the little that they do bring. II We may viow OUR WRECKED SHIPS IN THE LIGHT OF MERCY. We often seo men tried by success, and they fail under tho trial ignominiously. The fathers uBod to speak of Christ's threefold cross-the cross of suffering, of temptation, of honor; the last they averred being the hardest to bear. Tho cross of honor ! It is difficult to think of honor as being a cross at all. At least wo aro all candidates for that crucifixion. The tree of polished cedar; the crown of blossom ; the nails of tfold; Calvary, the steep of fame ; Golgotha, full of flowers and fountains and music - we are all ready to be lifted up after that fashion. Yet the fathers were right j prosperity is a form of trial some natures may- not boar. - Mon sometimes break down intellectually through great and unexpected prosperity; it involves a shock and strain to which their brain io not equal; and morally it is to some frau ht with still sterner peril. Heaven, in its puro mercy, denies us positions and ordeals for which we are not flitted. If we had attained the promotion, the wealth, the ease, we sought for, it might have turned our head. Physicians toll us that there is almost no sin which yields more victims to in sanity than vanity does. We all know wealthy men who are full of foolish pride, popular men full of an abominable egotism. OUR WRECKED HOPES SHOULD HUMBLE US Or, perhaps, some are in danger of covetousness, the narrowing lust of gold ÍB their special peril. A Danish painter in representing the Last Suppor resolved to paint each disciple from a living model ; he succeeded very easily until ho carno to Judas, then everybody declined to sit; no ono would lend his shadow for the sordid teaitor. But in actual life men readily take the place of Judas ; they aro ready to sell themselves and everything that is sacred for a few pieces of silver. Avarice is a subtlo and an awful passion, that grows by what it feeds upon, and God, in his grace, starves the passion that would devour us. Or, it may be, our danger lies in the direction of indulgence. Solomon's ships brought the gold and spices, and tho multi plied riches and luxuries of the age of prosperity proved fatal to Israel ; and it is the merest com monplace to say that in all ages increased riches have betrayed men into pampering their lower nature at the expense of their higher. God knows what each of his children can and ought to boar, and he will not subject us to any unfit ting or excessive ordeal. If your ships had brought THE TREASURE YOU HOPED FOR, you would havo lived in a larger house, you would ridden instead of walking as you do now, a great many more people would have known you than know you now, you would havo eat with Dives instead of being the near neighbor of Lazarus Ah ! sat with Dives. Say no more. Thank God for tho calamities that save from pride and greed and surfeit. " For what is a man profited, if he shall gain the whole world, and lose his own soul ? or what shall a man give in ex change for his soul ?" (Matt. xvi. 26). Do you say, "Ah! but this life of endless battle with poverty and difficulty ia terrible, tip-hill work ?" " Up-hill " work; dear brethren-why, this is pre cisely tho way wo want to go ! Thank God fox tho deprivations that drive us to higher levels, for the sorrows which compel ua into nobler eolvos. If we do not regard the frustration of oui hopes as aiming immediately at tho salvation ol our soul, we may certainly regard Buch disasters as designed to effect THE DEVELOPMENT AND ENRICHMENT of our soul. And ÍB not thia development and en richment of the soul the grand end of lifo ? Is not the top prize of existence tho crown of per sonal and immortal righteousness P God perfects his people in very different ways ; some through wealth, some through want, making both in the end equally complete. The mountains of the eaith are all glorious, but, like the stars of the sky, they differ in glory. One mountain shakes like goodly Lebanon-it is adorned with grass, painted with flowers, crowned with cedars, whilst another mountain has not a blade of grass, or a wild flower, or a tree upon it. Has the bare hill, therefore, no glory? Surely it has. It seems --as if God had left theso very hills bare of all earthly beauty that he might the better display there tho mysteries of celestial beauty. There is no emerald grass, or golden gorse, or crimson heather, or leafy plume of pino or palm; but on those very slopes and orests, so naked and desolate, are poured out strange splendors of light and atmosphere and vapor-all those glories of shade and color which make the painter drop his pencil m despair. SO IT IS WITH CHARACTER. I spoke recently of tho rare advantages of con secrated wealth and popularity ; yes. through worldly power, and affluence and pleasure God clothes some of his people with the glory of Lebanon. I say now he makeB others grand through depriving them of earthly wealth and hope ; they stand forth in society with the bare ness, and yet with tho solemn greatness and mag nificence, of Mont Blanc Brethren, has your temporal loss been your spiritual gain ? Has ad , versity made you serious, patient, devout ; strong j . in thought, rich in feeling, pure in aim ? HaB it , caused you to depend upon God more, to seek his face more, to cherish his love more ? Then your wrecked ships havo realised for you more than ? your brightest hopes. Do not be restive under adversity. God foods us with fasts, comforts ua with trayjodios, loada us to victory through lost battles, and sends our gold eliipu down that ho may send UR up. Not only, however, ia it tru» that some of God'a children are perfected through waut, and s^mo throu h wealth, but othere are perfected through strange experiences of both. Au by tho world H changing climate flowero minglo their divergent beauty and aweetnoss, so God, by alternations of health and sickness, success and failure, joy and sorrow, brings together in tho character ot his children all tho bright graces of the moral universe. Lastly, our wrecked ships may remind us of tho coming day when all our ships will go down, leaving not a floating spar for uu to rest on. All our human hopes will molt away Uko that spectral ship of which I spoke. Keep that before you. Som« writer objecting to Chinese immigration, says, " Tho Chinaman thinks moro of a splendid coffin than he doos of an upright life." What a strange chargo to bring aeainst a Chinaman. Do not many of us think more of a polished coffin than of a noblo life ? Let us not live for a pploudid coffin, but for a splondid character. Lot us live that we may be true and pure. Do not sail your soul in your ships. Lay np treasure whore moth and rust' do not corrupt. As the world disappoints us lot us get nearer to God, and when these storms are over it shall be said of us upon a happier Bhore what was said of the shipwrecked men of old : " So it came to pas3 that they escaped all safe to land." 