LOCAL AND GENERAL. The Up'to-Date Novelty Company opened in the Queen's Theatre last evening, when a programme sparkling with fan and merri ment was presented. The audience, appre ciative from first to last., met all the eood points — and thoy were many — with hearty applause. Both in the laughable musical extravaganza entitled Mtnmo Ha Ha, and in the second part of the entertainment, the fun and the mirth-provoking powers of the artistes wero alike demonstrated. Mr M&rtyn; Hagan, in liis Irish obaracter songs, won hearty and well-deserved applause, while Miss Luoy Fraser gave an excellent rendering of the " Young Brigade," being greeted with hearty plaudits, while Mr. J.. Tudor and Mr. .fake Friedman in their interpretation of " School Days/ wero also exceedingly amnsing, the yodelling of tho latter being very good. "The Waratah and Shamrook," rendered by Mr. Hagan and Miss Fraser, met with well-deserved appreci ation, and altogether fun, native humor, and talent were conspicuous throughout. We trust to see a good house greet this really deserving company. Mr. Gkobqb Lee arrived in town last night from Crow's Creek, Tableland, bringing with him about 32 ozs of gold the return of a second crushing he has had from a p.p. area be holds there. The first lot gave from 16 tons, 36 ozs 14 dwts,. so it will be seen that the present yield by having ' gone over three ozs, to the ton exceeds the prior lot, Mr. Lee informs us that tho crushing preceding his at the Tableland battery was from Jaoicson's and M'Caw's area, on the same lode, which gave the satisfactory yield from 18 tons of 67 ozs 17 dwts. The milling and carting costs, our informant states, about tbe value of on ounce to the ton, and to overcome this heavy item of expenditure he is endeavouring to enlarge his party, so as to be 'able to purchase and ereot a ten-head battery placed under offer to him on very reasonable terms. Apart from the gold he had about fifty pounds weight of good gold bearing quartz with him. Phot Nbxdr reports that there was a depth at low water of 4ft. 3ln on Kirbys Flats on Wednesday last and that that depth is in creasing every day In oonnootion with too suggestion that too raking apparatus lately in use in Maryborough should do obtained for too purpose of deepening tho bar thero appears to be an impression that good results would accrue as the slit here would be mora easily removed than the mud at Maryborough, wnere groat suooess was not attained by using tho machine. Tbo wind and tea, however, must be con sidered in dealing with the matter,' and whether tho apparatus oould be suoooesfully and constantly usod in viow of tho weather whioh may now bo oxpeoted, is a question that experionoo should aooido before anything dennlto is done. A ourious faot exists in con nection with bars and fiats In rivers that havo been doopened by art, for wo are told that if the means > taken to remove . tho obstruction ceases to be taken for throo yoars the water will be found to havo returned (o that depth at whioh itwasboforei was artificially inoroaaod. Thus if all work at tho Bnrnett Bar woro suspended for tho poriod named too depth would ho found to be Oft. 6in., that whioh it was, before ontting or dredging was attempted. Mb. 0. B. Lethem, of tho Railway Survey Department, has arrived in Bnndaberg for the purpose of making certain deviations in eonneotion with the branoh line to Millaqniu, Tho lino in its progress through Quay-street will bo so pegged out as not to interfere so muoh with the approach to the ferry as the routo whioh has been altered. Tho line as it is now surveyed will bo on tho edge of tbe road and will no wiso interfere with tho traffic. Tho deviations Mr. Lethem is pegging oomprlso alterations wbioh'be recommended some six months ago and wbioh wero approved after wards by Mr. Falconer, and will, we under stand meet the object for which tho Mayor introduced his resolution at the lose meeting of the Municipal Connoil. It will be seen that the work in connection with the Milla- qnin railway has really begun, but yet it is survey, not construction work. Tbo lattor cannot go on at once, a9 all olaims for resump tion have not been settled, F&otestaot; Alliance Friondly Sorioty of Australia. Prince Arthur Lodge No. 12. Tho members of the abovo lodgo will celobrate tho Seventeenth Anniversary by a Concert and D&nco;, in tho Queen's Theatre, on Wodnosday, 18th Ootober, at 8 p.m. Tickets to Concert, 2s. ; Concort and -Danco, 6a. ; double ticket, 7s. Gd. ; to be had from tho Oommitteo. Full particulars in futuro issuo. .Du, Frank A Huet, the Dental Surgeon of Brisbane, will be in Bundaberg on Friday Saturday, and Sunday, 20ih, 21st, and 22nd inst., and may bo consulted in hiB privato rooms at tbe Royal Hotel. Sole agents for the Hammond typewriter G. J, Young and Co. Wb had the ploasuro of viewing yostorday somo oxooodlngly good specimens of photo- graphlo ert from tho Btudlo of Mr. G. H. Cottell, the finish of whioh, together with tho fidotity of portraiture and a ohoioo of ploturcequo and charming sooncry, could not bo surpassed A now dcp&rturo; in tho dosigu of Ohristmas cards was also shown us, where tho pretty landscapes ot tbe diatriot, and vistas of our town formed a setting for a portrait of tho sender, tho dovico being so arranged that tho photograph showed out as centrc- picco among the other ecenio photographs, or lay beneath a central landscapo which, on being folded baok, dis closes to tho recipient of tho oard the like ness of tho givor. A more graceful, and at tho 8amctimomoro interesting mement o to distant frionda could not bo hungmed, and Mr. CotlcUwill donbtless roceivo many a virit from those who seek and will find, in his ingenious dovice, the moans all dosirc, of bringing themselves and their surroundings vividly before their absont ones. From a notice In another oolurnn it will bo scon that thoso purchasing photographic: Christmas cards from Mr. Cottoll will havo their por traits affixed aa a oontre-picoo among tbe grouped views. Sunday Services.— Tho Rov. T. Brassing- ton will proaoh at tho Wosloy&n; Church morn ing and evening. Morning subjopt: "Tho Spirit of Pray or." Evoning: Choral Evangel istic sorvloo ; subjoot— 1 ' Itight Doolslon." Tho Rov J. M'Konzio will proaoh at Burnett Heads at 3 p.m. In the Congregational Church the Rov. R. Hogg will proaoh morn ing and evening. Morning subjoot: "Tho subjoot of Apostollo Proaohing. Evoning: "Elijah-like dooision; Itho great nood of too Church to-day." Mr. Hogg will proaoh in Ebenezor Froo Ohuroh, East Bundaborg, on Sunday aftornoon, at 4 o'clock. Tho Rov. 0. Ohristonsoa will proaoh in too Reoh&bitos; Hall at 11 a.tn., and 7.30 p.m. Morning subjoot: "For or against Christ j whioh ? " in Danish. Evoning subjoot: "Christ for, in, and with us," In English. Rov. M. Foggon will proaoh at South Kolan on Sunday morning, ana give an address to parents mid children in tho after noon at Sharon. His evoning anbjoot at Walla- street Church will be "Tho Howard of Parity." The Gympie Show was opened on Wednes day last by His Excellency tho Govornor. The exhibits wero equally numerous with those at previous shows, and in nearly evory oaso thoy woresnperior in qualify, with too oxooption of cattlo ana draught Btook, whioh wero poorly represented. Tho juvenile exhibits were par ticularly good. Tho various ring evonte wee well contested, but heavy rain fell at half-past 4 and provontod too carrying out of tho full programme. At too banquet the toast of " His Exoellenoy too Governor" and V The Ministry" wero vory cordially reooivod. The latter toast was responded to by Mr. Philp and Mr. Tozor, bnt tho speeches were of an unim portant oharaoter. A prominent mombor ot the local Labour party refused to riso whilst tho Ministerial toast was being drank, and the Mayor oaused somo amnsomont by lifting him on his foot and holding him up. Among the list of prizes we are pleased to notice that Mr. A. E. Brash, of Bundaberg, has again taken first honors for his two-horse plough. Mr. C. G. Preston, consulting engineer, is at present on a visit to Bundaberg, being located at the Royal Hotel, and is the representative of tlie groat makers of sugar machinory, Messrs. Mirlecs, Tato and Watson, whOBe names are household words in tbe sugar world, and whoso late effort in intermediate boiling apparatus, the yaryan, is at work at five plantations in the distriot, and is most highly approved as an improvement on the triple effet. In addition to the above firm Mr. Preston represents Watson, Laidlaw and Co , Glasgow, makers of oentrifugals &o; ,Rose and Duncan, Glasgow, engineers andshipbuilders, and C. M'Neil, also of Glasgow. In a destriot like thiB, where the latest develop ments in BUgar maohinery aro eagerly sought and adopted, Mr. Preston's advice will doubtless be largely sought. On too evening of Wednesday last too ball terminating the season of JSsb. Lillis' dancing olasa was held in the Queen's Theatre. Li spite of tho Inolomonoy of the weather the attendance was oxoollent, between thirty and forty couples Doing present. Tho fancy dresses, many of whioh were strikingly effeotive, mado the sceno bright and arming in too extremo, while not only among thoso who ohoso fanoy dress, but also among thoso l&dios; who woro in ovoning attire, were eostnmes charming In beauty and taste seen. As the dancers glided round ono noted among the pretty pictures that of Nanoy Leo, Summor, a Mosnoress, a Slave, Dorothy, Lydia Hawthorne, while also wheeling in marey evolution were Boen Henri Quatre, a Highland wight, a bioyclist, a tennis player, orioketers, and soldiers. There .woe a goodly andlenoe in tho gallery, and the' music excellently rendered by Mrs. Lillis, completed too suooess of an evoning the picas ore of whioh, if we judgo by happy looks, waa great. Mr. J. Leaver, in the unavoidable abeenoe iff Major Geary, aonleved well deserved praise for his untiring energy and iaot as M.C. No further intelligence was received from the Francois Arsgo yesterday, a sign that the final splice was not yet on the eve of completion. Before shutting off connection from the ihip, and in exchange establishing the link between Bundaberg and Noumea, a message will doubtless be rceetved from tbe steamer. That we trust will be sent to-day, though in truth nothing definite can be said in tbe matter, ' as all depends upen the weather, whioh wo were toid yesterday was "fresh" away to the - north-east. Fifty-two hours after tbe cable is spliced tbo Francois Arago will reaoh Bundaberg so that tho indefinite stage ends with tho sinking of tho oablo in its entirety to its ocean bed. The usual monthly mooting of too Fire Brigade Board was hold last ovoning ; present, Moasra. D. Hogan (in the ohoir), R. Morrisby, and too secretary (Mr. W. G. Lewis), Corres pondence Inoladoa letters from a number 'of in- surauoe oompanlos forwarding oheques in pay ment of assossmont ; from Bhand, and Co., London, relative to supplying engines, Ao., to the brigade; from Cairns Firo Brigade Board; inquiring if the board had a manual ongino for solo. Tho secretary was instructed to reply totoo several communications reooived. Tbe matter of an aooonnt for ringing the fire- bell was referred to the Superintendent for inquiry, and the qnoation of providing tanks for South Bnndaberg was allowed to stand over until noxt mooting. Aoooonte amounting to £10 9s. Id. wero passed for payment. On Wedneeday last tho oppressively close muggy weather brought the atorm anxiously expeotcd. Iu the afternoon a sharp thunder storm followed by rain whioh fell at intervale duriog the oveoiog and came down heavily at night cleared tbe atmosphere Yesterday if Bhowery, was cool, and last night the' air was (almost keen- In all tbe rain fall which was goneral throughout the Wide Bay and Buroottdistrict registered at Bundaberg yesterday morning 0'40 inohes. The following are tbe returns registered ot other points Nanango, I inch. Gymple, 0 83 inch. Kilkivan, 0 88 Inoli. Maryborough, 032 inoh. Gayndah, 0'24 into- Eidsvold, 0 42 inoh. Mount Ferry, 0 G0 inoh. Gladstone. 0.18 inoh. 1 Wb havo been Bhown two good specimens of tobacco— the Maratta and Broad Loaf- grown by Mr. T. Logan, of Logan Yale, Eloctra. Tho tobaocoB aro of ex« oollent aromas, and we are assured by the grower, equal to any American leaf, nnd tuus should command a ready sale. The Salvation Army announce interesting events in connection with the visit of Capt Perry, who will hold meetings to-day, Satur' day, and 8undoy, at which the lime light views, whioh havo boen highly spoken of as most interesting, elsewhere, will bo exhibited The meetings to-day and to-morrow wi II bn he d in the Barracks, that of Siinday evening will tako place in tho Qeeon's Theatre In another column will be found particulars As will bo soon by our advertising oolumns Messrs. G. J. Young and Oo. have been ap pointed sole agents for Bundaborg diatriot for the Eqnttablo Building Sooiofy's Monster Freohold Property Distribution, and have been empowered to give eloven shares for £10, whioh should be a great inducement to tako a £10 parcel. Ae the drawing will take placo on tho 80th of Novombor, wo would adviso our renders to hurry up, as they havo only a fow weeks' left in which to make up their minds to invest £1, with tbo chanco of gaining £40,4G0. In oonnootion with tho oano tracking from tho Isis wo understand that tho oxporimontal waggon to bo UBod by Mr. Johnston, of Water- vlow, is finished, and that another track bos boon fitted up, and that thoso two, togother with tho waggon montlonod in our last Issue, woro sont to Ohlldors whoro loading was oarriea on yostorday with tho objoot of asoortalnlng whothor tho oano in that looalify oould bo more oosily oonvoyod. It is antlolpated that it will bo, as it is loss "curly" than too Avondala oano. We are glad to learn from Mr. Oaulfelld Immigration Agont, that there is an simplo demand for whito labor in this distriot, a domand that is sololy duo to tho sugar indnstry, nnd which promises to bo bo groat that Mr. CAulfelld oonsidors it will bo ncoeB- ?ary to notify nt Brisbano that moro men are required horo. At Bingcra, Messrs. Gibson and Howes r quire hands to burn off 100 acres of land, the price given bolog £2 por acre. This price compares favorably with that given in the Isis, whoro the amount paid wae £1 16s. por acre for that species of work. Firewood is also required, and horo is work for suitable men. An important meeting of tho Committee of tho A. and P. Society will bo hold in the Secretary's offioo this afternoon, when the proposal for holding a flowor show will como on for discussion. Those intoceslcd.iitthe distribution of the cerfifioAtes will be pleased to learn that they have arrived, 200 having been received. They only await the signature of the President, Mr. W. B. O'Conoell, M.L.A., and when that is obtained they will be distributed. At the Primitive Methodist Conforcnce hold in Sydney on Tuesday laBt, a resolution was passed to the effect that the opinion ex- 1 pressed at Iho annual conferences of tho several Methodist Churches In the colonies in favor uf tho unification Methodism throughout the colonies bo oononrrod in, but . that should the General Conference of tho Wcsleyan Methodist Church not fix a reason able tima for oomplotiag tbo unlonthiB Con ference. recommends that tho general union negotiatiations be diicontiona. Tho next intercolonial Conference will bo held in Mel bourne in October, 1896. Ax tho Potty Debts Court on Wednesday the following oases wero doalt with befor Mr T. Mowbray, P.M. : Woolley, Bergin and Oo v. Jamos Farragher, dis. pro. note and goods sold, £16 13s. Id. ; verdiot forplain tiffs, with Ss.ooste. R. J. Oh&ppclow; v. Thomas Meehan, claim for horse Aola, £9 19b. ; Mr. Hamilton W for plaintiff, and Mr. Thortraru for defendant, r Plaintiff non-sulted, with £1 1b. professional coats. Howard and Co. v. A. J. Shield, olaia for £1 2s. for goods sold. Mr. Hamilton ap peared for tho plaintiff, and Mr. Johnston for defendant. Tho oaso was adjourned till to-day to allow the attendanoe of a witness named Watkins. who, it waa stated in dofenoo. was in tho employment of plaintiff, and had sent a quantify of chaff to defendant in liquidation of an account for horse hire. A terrific hailstorm was experienced at Warwick on Tuesday evening last. The wind blowwith hurricane force, and the rain and hail poured down for twenty minutes. Tho lightoiog was very vivid. The fruit trees have been stripped bare, and the hail was lying about inches thick and in sheltered places from 2ft. to 3ft. deep. Honees were unroofed and many windows broken. Some of the stores wore partially flooded, the street channels being unable to eariy away the water. The storm, it is stated, wan the heaviest over experienced, in the history of the town. From our advertising oolumns it will be seen that Mr. Lovelock the celebrated herbalist from Mrs. Lovelock's Herbal Dispensary, Brisbane, intond visiting Bnnda berg professionally from 16th to 20th - inst., ' when bo shall be pleaved to meet all sufferers from chronic deseasee withva view to successful troUmont. Sunday next will be observed as Hoipital Sunday iu the Anglican Church, appeals being mado on that day in aid of, and the offertories going to, the funds of the insti tution. At the usnal fortnightly meeting of the Manchester Unity of Oddfellows there waa a good attendance. One new Member was initiated and three more were/iproposed. Siok pay was granted to three who naa been under the doctor, two remaining on the aiok list. The reoeipts for tbe eveniog were £84 7s. 3d., and tho disbursements £7 6i. . Db. Feed. Chkllands, a Maryborough Grammar School Exhibition aoholar at the Sydney University, has been appointed medical officer of the Eldsvold Hospital. The renovation of the Presbyterian Ohuroh Is now completed, and tho painting of the exterior has been aooomptishod most success fully by Mr. E. T. Stepfcoe, George-street, under too able supervision of Mr. J. Falooner. The ohuroh now presents a very attractive and bright appoaranoo. At tho adjourned anaual meeting of tho Maryborough Chamber of Commeroo, hold on Tuesday last, Mr. James Robertson, oMfrr- banelea, was eleoted president. The Cham ber passed resolutions strongly condemning the exorbitant security required by clause U of the Sugar Works Guarantoo Bill, and also protesting agtiusb the Stamp Datios Bit!. Mb. Frank Gooding has , boon appointed Government Agent on board'tholabor schooner May, and arrived by train from Brisbane , last everything is ready for rea, Captain Doig will probably wolgh anchor at the Heads to-day and sail for too Islands. Letts' Diaries, 1804, arrived. Select the one at onee at G. J. Young and Co. 