Mttynyiku gta, CABLE MESSAGES. HOIuTrULE. Lotook, October 4. Mr. «..J. Gosehen faelda great meeting at Edinburgh, mt «iiieh be taunted Sir. OUd stone.-wiiea being afraid to dissolve Parlia ment. . . AUSTRALIAN FINANCES. . ' Lokdok, September^ Three quarters of a million of the old Victorian, loan has been converted. London, September 29. -ilve per cent of the New South Wales loan ia payable on application. The next instalment ia dne on the 17th of October, having seventy-five per cent payable ia three eqnal- instalments on the 16th of November, the 22nd of December, -and the 22nd of January. A discount of two per cent ia allowed on payments made in fall on the 17th of October. It was originally intended to announce the loan on Monday, but the press cablegrams forced Sir Saul Samuel's hani Lokdok, September 30. It ia reported that a City firm offers to take the whole of die New South Wales loan at par. The Standard »t»«*— the maAj^ means to make the loan a success. Tbe Financial Tines states the loan is certain to go welL The Economist states that the sharp practice ot Victoria deprired the holders of the old kian-of the promised chance of converting. Lbsnos, October 1. New South Wales four per cent govern ment stock U quoted at £100 5s-, a decline of £4 15a. since Tuesday, and tbe scrip of the new loan is quoted at the same price. Losdon, Octobers. The Financial Sm* states the success of the New South Wales loan is fully assured. The New South Wales loan is quoted at a premium of 2£ per cent. : ' London, October 3. Sir Saul Samuel expects that the New South Wales loan will average £101. Losdok, October 4. It is expected that the New South Wales Loan will be subscribed two-fold. - Tbe' scrip of die Victorian loan is quoted at one and a-qoaner per cent. LONDON WOOL SALES. London, September 28. The wool market has unproved. Valnes hare been -maintain**'1 - Medium wool is ia brisk demand, except good sorts. -Yallnm and Sb»thvan realised 9Jd. per lb.; Bell and Bderalie, lOd.; Myall Creek and Amby Downs, SJd.; Rodney Downs, 7Jd.; Soom hBh,7Jd. London, September 29. The wool market is unchanged. Blythvale, Longerenong, and Minnleborongh dips fetched 9i£; Latra, Mount Elphant, C.A., lOJd.; Bopz, lOd.; and TStanga, 7-L Lokdos, October 2. -Atlhe wool sales there wasa goodatten dance, and keen competition. .'The prices In the London wool sales competition is lirisk, thougfa prices are «MiFnnH. Oakden HJlls new dip fetched 6JA: Saltern Creek new. dip, 7Jd.; Clomgh, 7i; Elms, New Zealand, 9d.-; Gibbs sconred, 16d. Tbe wool sales wiU close on Saturday. ... . lioXDON, October 3. Tbe wool market is brisk, and -there is strong eooipetitjoa. Nbcoleche, scoured, fetched 16d.; WaUangra, Kaiwara and Minnie Downs, SJd; -Arctaims, 9W.; Cam bridge Downs, 7Jo'. ' Losdok, October 4. Tie Times states that tbe Argentine wool din this season will bevery Urge. the wool market is steady. Bellana fetched 6*4, Aberdeen TJd., BuIIamon and Borwood 7M.. Bobinson and Cheviot Hills Sid. , LABOOB -tATTEBS. London, September 29. The Yorkshire miners, by a majority of 30,000, have decided in favour of resuming work at the old wages. fjONDOV, September 30. Tbe Miners' Federation have refused to meet the mastera, and have decided to allow the members to resume work at tbe old wages, paying a levy of Is. per day to the strike fund. It is expected that some 50,030 men will resume work. LosuoK, October 3. .About .100,000 Welsh miners hate received an additional, one and quarter per cent ad vance in wages. About 6000 miners in the smaller pits have resumed work in England at the old wages. Tbe big collieries stiU continue to be dosed. Tbe coal-ovners have re-affirmed their re fusal to settle the dispute, unless the miners consent to a certain reduction. Lokdon, October 4. The Americans are sending coal from Phila delphia to London. The Yorkshire Miners' Society has dU hursed the whole of its f nude, «Tn*''»H'g to f ifiOOQQ. THE BANK Of NEW SOUTH W.*LES. London, September 28. Virtually every British shareholder in the Bank of New Sooth Wales la applying for the foil complement of new shares, besides many ''''the rebellion in brazil. London, September 29. The rebels have captured Santa Catarina. Foreign pressure is being brought to brar to induce President Peiroto to resign. London, October 2. The foreign ministers at Rio de Janeiro, are endeavouring to mediate between the insurgent leader and tbe Government, with a view to preventing any further bombardment of the city. . . . London, October 4. The latest information concerning the revelation in Brazil states that the Congress at Bio de Janeiro has now closed, and anarchy is increasing in that city. The States of Santa Ca.tharina and Parana have now joined the rebels. It is reported that in consequence of liie destruction in Bio Janeiro, caused by &e; bombardment of the rebel fleet, the com manders of the foreign warships in the harbour have irarned Admiral MeUorebeL the commander, that unless he ceases to bombard the forts, they will make an attack upon him. THE SILVER QDESTION. London, September 28. President Cleveland is strongly urging the immediate repeal of the Sherman Silver Act. He expresses astonishment at the action of die Opposition in die Senate, which, he says is likely to have die effect of plnnging the country into deeper depression. A movement has been organised by die leading men in Philadelphia for a compromise by which the it'Kiniay tariff will be main tained, while the free coinage of American sHrer wQl be allowed npon die hasiB of die siegnorage of three-fourths of the difference between the London price of silver and the legal tender value of a dollar. Lokdok, Octobers. Silver mines at Denver, employing 3500 men, have resumed work. THE NKW ZEALAND LOAN AND MER CANTILE AGENCY COMPANY. Lokdon, September 28. Sanction has been given by the Court for a loan of £60,000 for die New Zealand Loan and Mercantile Agency Company. THE FROZEN MEAT TRADE. Loxdos, September 28. The firms interested in the frocen meat trade, widi die assistance of Messrs. Nelson Brothers, are devising a means to prevent a glut and low prices. CHOLERA. London, September 29. An Italian mail steamer has arrived at Sardinia. There were 144 deaths from cholera during Ihe voyage from Brazil, and seventeen of the crew are still ilL MASHON ALAND. Lokdok, September 29. ThelnipidarenearingTati. Tbe commander of Raaf b column will march on Bulwayo if the Matabeles make an attack. London, September 3U. The Matabeles are raiding die Company's territory sixty miles from Fort Salisbury. London, October 3. An Impi 7000 strong, fired at die Chartered Company's scouts near Fort Victoria, and afterwards passed in n north-easterly- direc tion. Sir Henry Loch has authorised Mr. Jamie son to send a strong contingent to reconnoitre. TOWNSVTLLE MEAT. Loxvos, September 29. The a.8. Duke of Sutherland's cargo of TownsvOle beef has arrived in good quality being free of bone-stink, although some of it is dirty. DYNAMITERS IN SPAIN. Londos, September 29. Several houses were destroyed by dynamite at Merida and Badajoz, in Spain, and many people were wounded. London, October 3. Ten bombs have been found in the streets of Madrid. The anarchist Pallas has confessed to the existence of a vast plot. A manifesto issued by the Spanish Anar chists direatens terrible vengeance if Pallas is shot. FRANCE AND RUSSIA. London, September 30. It iB reported diat France intends to con cede Kohoamit, in die Gulf of Siam, which was seized in June, to Russia as a naval station. Tbe Russian squadron will arrive at Toulon on the 13th of October. London, October 2. ' The Standard publishes * statement to die effect that the French Government nave agreed to grant to die Russian fleet a per manent shelter, with facilities for coaling and repairs, in the Mediterranean Sea. This is setting aside die provisions of die Treaty of Paris. At tbe same time, France, it is said, insists upon die Dardanelles being closed against die passage of Roumanian ironclads. It is also stated the French Government factories are making repeating rifles for Russia. LORD MAYOR OF LOKDON. London', .-eptember 30. Air. Sheriff Tyler baa been elected Lord Mayor of London. MIKE DELUGED WITH WATER. London, September 30. A Michigan mine got filled widi water, and thirty-seven person* were drowned. - THE BARCELONA OUTRAGE. London, September 30. The anarchist Pallas has been sentenced to deatii for die Barcelona outrage. THE CHICAGO EXHIBITION. London, October I Tbe foUouring additional awards to Aus tralian! exhibitors at the Chicago Exposition have been notified. In die Mines group, forty-three awards have been made, the recipients including the Australian Agricul tural Company, Burwood, Greta, Hetton, Newcastle, South BuUi, Wallaend, WaUarah, West VYaUsend, and Wickham Coal-mining Companies; tbe Kerosene Sbale Company (2), Jenolan Shale Company, and New South Wales Shale Company, Mr. Brawn, Minister for Mines, and Mr. Say well, in die department of rnannfwctnres. AD award was made to Mr. Benjamin in die agricultural section, and awards were made to the Australian Meat Company (2) and the Sydney Meat Company (2). SIAM. London, October 2. The Franco- Siamese parleying* have con cluded amicably. Siam agreed to die treaty after extreme pressure. -France intends to evacuate Charita booD, when the country ia pacified,- and -will Jso withdraw the demand for die expulsion -f the Danish officers, . Lasvus, October 4. The Siamese treaty has been signed. BRITISH REVENUE. London, October 1. The revenue of Great Britain for the half rear ended die 30th of September, shows a decrease of £1,900,000 as -compared widi die sorreapooding period of last year. THE REBELLION IN THE ARGENTINE. . Losdos, October 1. The Government of the Argentine -Republic ire winning all roood, and the rebellion has now been virtually suppressed. London, October 2. The loyalists have recaptured Rosario. CHOLERA AT TENERIFFE. Loans, October 2. An Italian immigrant steamer which arrived at TeneriSe, reported that sixty four persons had died from cholera. The shi|i was previously refused admission to Brazil. ATTEMPT TO DESTROY A CHURCH. London, October 2. An extraordinary scene ocenrred at St. George's Roman Catholic Cathedral, London, when a dynamite cartridge was dirown through the door and exploded. No lives WereFRKEHOLD TRUST COMPANY. Lokdon, Octobers. The Freehold Trust Company of Australia have decUred a dividend of ten per cent. The reserve is £3000, while die company have carried forward £1000. OBITUARY. London, October 2. Tiw death is «™nn»^J of die Rev. Ben jamin Jowett, M.A., LL.D., at the age of seventy-six years. THE REMOVAL OF THE ORLANDO. London, October 2. Tbe Admiralty consider diat a ship of die Bonaventore type is superior to die Orlando in guns, steam power, and handiueas. The Admiralty, however, are willing to recojn mission the Orlando, to send a vessel of the same type, or to commission the Astrea. Independent opinion confirms the suitableness of die Astrea. London, October 4. The Admiralty intend to retain the Orlando in Australia, leaving die offer for a vessel of the Astrea type open. NEW ZEALAND PRODUCE. London, October 2. Mr. Valentine is addressing die leading Chambers of Commerce in die North, and *'T»tffn^ their support for direct consign ments of New Zealand dairy produce - to Liverpool. THE IMPERIAL INSTITUTE. Lokdok, October 2. A satire of Bombay has eiren £15,000 to the Institute. DISASTROUS STORM' IN AMERICA. Lokdok, October 3. News has been received of a disastrous storm in New Orleans, United States. A great amount- of damage was done, .and twenty, persons .were . killed, and a large Dumber injured. Lokdok, October 4. Further particular of thr* Hirgntrniin nlnuii at New Orleans, state dial the damage done there and in die Golf of Mexico is estimated at S1.S0O.OO0, while about 230 lives have been lost. A HEAVY FAILURE. London, October 3. Mr. Abraham Steer, London, builder, has foiled for £300,000. IMPORTS OF COPPER. Lokdon, October 3. The month's imports of North American copper into Europe, amounts to 11,900 tons. The uonta'sdetirerzes from all Europe amount. to 16,000 tons. ? COMPANY'S DIVIDEND. London, October a Tbe Land, Finance, and Agency Company of Australia, have declared a further dividend of six per cent; BANQUET TO SIR EDWARD BRADDON. London, October 4. The members of St. George's dub enter tained Sir Edward N. Braddon, late Agsnt General of Tasmania, at dinner. Sir Robert Hamilton presided, and in proposuig the health of Sir Edward Braddon, he .expressed his unbounded confidence in the recuperative powers of die colonies. He stated that he intended shortly to revisit Tasmania. Sir Edward Braddon, in reply, indicated diat he would re-enter politics. Sir Frederick Abel, on behalf of the Prince of Wales, thanked Sir Edward Braddon for assisting at die Imperial Institute. There were fifty or sixty persons present, and Loid -Ripon and Lord' rtnutsford apolo gised for their absence. FIGHTING IN MOROCCO. London, October 3. A parry of 5000 Moors attacked a Spanish garrison, where 300 men were stationed, at Mellila. The fighting lasted through the entire day, and the garrison were eventually defeated. Many were killed. Reinforce anentx have been sent from Malaga. London, October 4. The fighting at Melilla, in Morocco, arose through the Spaniards building a fort in the vicinity of an Arab cemetery. During the fight 100 Spaniards were wounded. A lrnce has been declared. ILLNESS OF PRINCE BISMARCK. Loxdok, October 4. It is reported diat Prince Bismarck is at KlisiinEen in a critical state of health. OBITUARY. London, October 3. The deatii is announced of Sir Stevenson Arthur BUckwood, R.C.B., Secretary of the Post Office, at the age of sixty-one years. LAND COMPANY OF AUSTRALIA. London, October 4. Mr. Kennedy has been- requested by ilia Official Receiver to replace Mr, Ford as liqui dator of the baud Company of Australia.- ' TROUBLE IN SOUTH AFRICA. Lokdok, October 4. Armed columns are now reported. .to lie itarting from Fort Victoria and Fort Chester, n die British Sooth Afrioa Company'* terri ory, to take die offensive against die Mata leles, who are raiding theconntry. ARCTIC EXLORAT3ON. .London, October 4. Information iias been reoeived toata whaling ressel has succeeded in reachuuz the - 'hull atttude of 84° North, or within six degrees of he North Pole. SIR HENRY DURAKD... Ijo.vdok, October A. Sir Henry Durand has arrived at CabuL Se received a stoking reception. Unas, October 5.. Sir Henry Durand had a splendid military swption. He was installed in the aew jxlace if die Ameer, and is being 'offered many zraciouB and lavish attentions. THE WHEAT MARKET.. London, October 4. The American visible supply of .wheat and lour is estimated at 71.000.000 bushels. M'EWAN AND CO., LIMITED. Londok, October 4. The report of the directors of M'Ewan and Co., Limited, was adopted by die share holders. Sympathy was expressed with die dirnctors. Mr. Malcolm sails next week for Melbourne to investigate die report. THE AMERICA COT. Londok, October .4. The betting on die America Cup is 5 to 4 on die Vigilant. WEST AUSTRALIAN LOAN. London, October 5. Western Australia is on die Verge of issuing its laet loan. The bankers will bersuided by the recepuon of the New South 'Wiles loan. Ma TOM MASS. Lokdok, October 5. Mr. Tom Mann is shortly to be ordained as an Anglican deacon. 