Telegraphic Intelligence. GABLE NEWS ront the i\'iilbournt Doilinn. ) LONDON, Jas. 3. Much interest has boon aroused, in scientific circles in Spain, in connection with the fall of an aerolite of unprecedentedly large size, at I'ozaldez, a town of Spaiu, situated south of Valladalid. A commission of experts have been appointed to inquire into the phenomenon. At to-day's sitting of the court martial on Vice-Admiral Henry Fairfax, G.B., com» inander of tin Channel squadron, regarding the stranding of H.M.S. How o near Ferrol, in Spain, on 2nd November, Captain Alexander Hastings, commandor of the vessel was examined. He said that the Bailing directions laid down for the guidance of the fleet with regard to the harbor at Ferrol were safe only during high tide. He considered that Admiral Fairfax could not be held Hablo for the grounding of the vessel. The failure of the crops in several pro vinces of Russia threatens the inhabitants with the severest straits of famine. The Government is endeavoring to mitigate the distress which prevails by purohas ng and distributing amongst the destitute immense i quantities of rye. Thousands of the starving Russian peasants on the frontier districts have crossed the border into Germany, where the authorities are compelling them ; to return. Mr. George Newncs,the Gladstonian mem ber for the Newmarket division of Cam bridgeshire, and the proprietor of Tit-biis and the Strand Afafjazine, is starting a new paper in the Gladstonian interest, to take the place as a party organ formerly occupied by the Pall 11 fall Qazitle, the policy of which has recently been changed by the new pro prietor. The new paper is to bo called the Westminster Gazette, Mr. Howell, Minister of Trade in the Canadian Cabinet, states that ho doc3 not believe that General Harrison, President of the United States, seriously intends, as re cently announced by the Neto York Sun,-to prohibit the winter transport in bond through United States territory to Canada of goods which cannot be sent direct up the frozen St. Lawrence. If, however, General Hamson'sthreat should prove to be serionsly meant, Mr. Howell says that the United States will find Canada ready with retalia tory measures. LONDON, .Tas. 4. It is stated in the city that a syndicate of stock brokers and bankers is prepared to tender for the new loan of £1,000,000 which the South Australian Government has been authorised by Parliament to offer in London at 3J per cent. The price which the syndi cate oilers is £92. On the 25th inst. an important deputation including the Agent-General, will wait on Sir William Harcourt, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, and Mr. Mundella, the Presi dent of the Board of Trade, with a view to urging the adoption of the demical system of coinage, weights, and measures. Some sensation has been caused in Europe by a singularly outspoken declaration made by General Tchernaieff, a distinguished Russian soldier, who in 1S82 was appointed Governor of Tashkcnd. Discussing : the present situation in Europe, General Tchernaieff expressed a feeling of strong hostility towards the German Empire, and stated that the most popular war in which Russia had ever been engaged would be "'the eomhig war against Germany." The Vienna correspondent to the Daily Telegraph reports that un extraordinary claim is now being made by an Austrian woman on the property of the Queen Liliuo kalaui, reigning sovereign of the Pacific Island Kingdom of Hawaii. The claimant is a Dalmatian woman, who asserts that the late John 0. Domini«, who, wlien Governor of the Island of Oahu, married Princess Liliuokalani, eldest sister of King Kalakaua then reigning in Hawaii, was in • arly life an Austrian sailor, and that he married and deserted her, the Dalmatian claimant. She therefore claims^ as the rightful widow of Dominis, the property which was inherited by Queen Liliuokalani, his Hawaiian wife at bis decease. A new book, entitled " National Life and Character in Australia," by Dr. C. H. Pear son, late of Melbourne, has made-its appear ance. Dr. Pearson states that the white race lias nearly reached its limit of expan sion, inasmuch as all the territory suitable for the European settlement is now in pro cess of occupation. He vindicates tho Aus tralian exclusion of the Chinese on the ground that this country is almost the last remaining place available for the reception of .European immigration. He maintains that the desire of Australians that theirs shall be a white man's country is capable of being justified. Nevertheless he foresees that from the tropical character of the northern portion of the continent there id likely in the future to be a largo increase in the influx of inferior races. A very serious allegation has been made by a Paris journalist against the late Baron Reinach, who was the chief agent in dis tributing bribes on behalf of the Panama Company, and whose remains were recently exhumed in order that it might be ascer tained how he had come by his death. The paper iu question declares that Baron Rein ach sold the secret of the composition of the French smokeless powder to Germany and England. It is expected that M. Cambon, the French ambassador at Madrid,, will succeed M. William Henry Waddington as ambassador in London. M. Waddiugton is by his own d-siro retiring from the position, which he has hold since 1883. Mr. John Dillon M.P., stated his views at a special meetiug of the Evicted Tenants Commission to-day. He gave it as his opinion that the sole remedy for the present state of affairs was for the Government to ; appoint a board of arbitration to settle dis putes and the terms of sales mado by land owners to thei tenants. A strong desire has been expressed by British stock-raisers that meat imported from the colonies should be labelled as such, «o that it cannot bo sold as produce of the United Kingdom. A National Agricultural Union was recently established by the Earl of Winchelfica and Nottingham, a brother of ¡ the Hon. Harold Finch-Hatton, one of the chief objects of which is to obtain the passing of a measure for this purpose. The Earl of Onslow, late Governor of New Zealand, has announced his intention of introducing a bill in the House of Lords next session to Îirovido that all imported meat shall be abelled with the name of the country from which it comes. Tho high prices which have beeu obtained recently in London for Australian butter have made it unpopular. Tho exporters of Danish butter, with a view of again securing the control of the market, bave lowered their price by 15s. per cwt. Importar*, of Austruiiau buteur have, Uowever, recovered their position in the market by selling at the following reduced prices Victorian dairy made, 9Ss. to 102s. ; faotory, 112a. to 114s. ; aud Western district factory at 110s. per cwt. LONDON, Jan. 5. . The snowfall on tho Continent has been unusually heavy. Tho Railway between Vienna and Buda pest has been blocked by snow, and the trains havo had to stop running until tho lino can be cleared. In consequeuce of tho severe frost tho Thames near Windsor is frozen over. Tho ico is so thick that thousands of persons are indulging in skating. A firo broke out at the residence of Lady Orde, the widow of Sir John Powlott Orde, Bart., in Hyde Park. Lady Orde and her daughter, who wore in tho upper part of building, were in great duuger of perishing iu tho flames, but they were eventually rescued by means of a fire escape. A serious outbreak of smallpox has occurred in Laancashire. The diseuse is spreading rapidly, and is causing . great alarm. Mr. Jabez Spencer Balfour, who last month resigned his seat in the House of Commons for Burnley, has left the country. Mr. Balfour was a director of a number of financial institutions. which have recently suspended payment. Sir Saul Samuel, tho Agent-Geiiora?, is taking further pteps to securo for Australian volunteers the medal for long service which has recently been instituted iu Great Britain for British volunteers. The New South Wales Mortgage Loan and Agency Company Limited pays a dividend at the rate of 4 per cent, per annum. Mr. John Dillon, who gave evidence before the Evicted Ten nts Commission yesterday; atatcd that the total amount received in aid of the plan of campaign was £234,000» 