CABLE MESSAGES. THE PAKAMA CANAL SCANDAL. London, December 29. Aw examination of Baron Rein&ch;'s viscera has disclosed no poison, and aaxlysiets con clude tbat he died £ram aatan] causes. The Boolaacist and Bon&puiist; agents arc very active in the provinces, crginfi the peasants to get rid of the regime, winch despoils them. The An»rrh™tg uc also very energetic, mnd intend appealing to the Army for assistance. The rise in the French consols is mainlv due to the Government transferring money to KfijH'1^ fearing a political crisis in connec tion with the Panama Canal scandals. London, December 31. It is believed that the Cotntc de Paris has wired to the Bake of Orleans to return from Africa. All the malcontent sections in Paris are very active, and there ia great public uneasi ness. A manifesto has been issued urging the Anarchists to take to the streets, and rwist the necks of the bourgeoisie and the capital ists. The socialists have issued an appeal to the working classes to revise the Constitution in a manner to check the turpitude of the existing regime. London, January 3. M. Lonbct declares that the action of the French Chamber of Deputies in connection -nith the Panama. Canal scandal may be regarded as an excessive outburst of prudery. The Panama Canal committee of tbe French Chamber of Deputies, has been furnished evi dence, which vzU induce the Government to prosecute four additional members of the Chamber* M. Andrieux threatens to act as plaintiff if the Government drop the prosecution. London, January &. A Paris journal declares that Baron Reinach sold the secret of the smokeless powder to Germany and Britain. London, January 5. M. Blondin, chief clerk of the Credit Lyonnais, has been arrested in connection with the Panama Canal scandals. Fresh revelations are foreshadowed. IRISH AFFAIRS. London, December 29. The man Kerran, who was arrested at Kmaltre, in Txpperary, in connection -with the dynamite outrage, has been released. The Daily Nan advocates the revival of tbe clause in the Coercion Act authorising private magisterial inquiries in order to dis cover dynamiters. It is reported .Mr. ilorkr .has received an anonymous letter, threatening to murder him. The Government are arming the Belfast police with revolvers. London, December 31. Th*-_ Tri«h XVtimiril t^unie of Great Britain deplores the dyuamite outrage, and declares that die anti-homerulers are the only people not joining in (he dennnciatioii of the crime. A parcel containing Sib. of blasting powder has been found in the basement of the Bath mines Chapel, one of the largest edifices in Dublin. Tbe powder was not fitted with a The -GaIigucuti publishes a reported con fession of a man named Murphy, a Dublin chemist, as the author uf the Dublin es Losdos, January 2L Mr. T. Hea.lv, M.P., speaking at Newcastle, said the Irish members would refuse the cknse in the Home Rule BUI of ISSG, taking Ireland'* proportion of the National Debt at one-fifteenth that of Great Britain. A Parnellite and anti- Parnellite lfot occurred at Kilrush lately, and several booses were wrecked. Many persons have Ijcen arrested in connection with the affair. London, January .4. The wa.tG,rumt that Mr. Morlev. Chief Secretary for Ireland, intended to disarm the Iruth Constabulary, replacing their bayonets with batons, is now said to be untrue. lie Gladstone, it is said, intends to reduce the Irifib tribute under Home Rule from one fiftornrh to one-ciffbteentb, on the condition that the number of Irish members in the House of Commons be reduced. London, January 4. At * «pe=ul nutting of theEiiefed Tenants1 Commission, Mr. John Dillon deposed that the sole remedy would be to appoint a Govern ment Iioanl of Arbitration to settle disputes and the terms of eales with the t£-'«mts. Mr. Labouchere, on tbe £rcsnd both of principle and expediency, protests against the retention of the Irish members at West minster, which, be says, will le.ui U-th the House of Commons and the country to reject Home Rule. London, January 5. lit. Dillon informed the Commission that the total receipts in aid of the Plusx of Campiiirn amounted to £234,000. It U reported *ir. Gladstone will explain the Home Rule scbeme in the House of Commons on the Cth of February. D^XAAIITK OUTRAGES. LONDON, December 2P. A dynamite bomb was thrown a^kin&C; the ''i« building of a Milwaukee btreet railway, wrecking it and tbe pLmt within. The damage done is estimated at $500,000. A bomb has been exploded in the Prefec ture of Police in Paris. It caused a great deal of damage, but nobody was injured. It is believed the Paris explosion is the work of a dismissed policeman. Luxikjn, December 31. Wliile some men were thawing a dynamite carttiige at Stondsburg. ia America, it ex V FATAL^XPLOSIOK. London, December 29. While a number of men were thau iu- frozen dynamite cartridge! before a fire in a tunnel building at Long Island City an explosion oc curred which destroyed the t onnel and wrecked the Post Office It also shook the houses within a radius of a mile, injuring furniture, and breaking all the windows, while six men and three women were killed and eighteen others injured. One man who was lying -m a sofa had his throat cut with falling glass, while another had bis eyes gouged out and lost bis arms. LABOUR MATTERS. London, December 29. An arbitration bill, providing for the for mation of a conciliation commission for deal ing with disputes between employers and employed, will probably become law in France ; bat the acceptance of its provisions will not be compulsory. Eight thousand miners have struck work in the vicinity of Sarbrnck. U3SDQS, isecemuerou. The Saarbruck miners are arming, and the gendarmes hare been summoned. London, December 31. The Saarbruck miners are committing great excesses, and many *re armed with the object of protesting against the new labour rules. There is a prospect of the strike in the cotton trade ending, owing to the Blocks and yarns being- exhausted. Eleven thousand persons engaged in the Yorkshire bottle trade hare utrack against ai aduction of wages. A atrike, which would have affected 90,003 miners, has been averted, owing to the con tinuance of the sliding scale agreement in the South Wales coUcries. London, «Tanaary I. Many persons have been injured in riots by the unemployed in Madrid. London, January 3. About 20,000 Saarbruck miner* have struck work. There is much disorder, and the military h*ve been summoned to preserve order. Labour riots have taken place in Zizwatx schi, Sappetncar, and Pakela, in Holland. The troops fired on the rioters at the two first places, killing three of tbe disturbers. London, January 5. About 9000 of the Saarbruck miners have resumed work. THE LONDON UNEMPLOYED. London, December 29. A number of philanthropists and xealous fiQpporters of the poor, including Messrs. Siupton and Steadman, have declared, after careful inquiry, that there is no ceneral lack of employment in London ; but there is roach distress amongst the shipbuilders, engineers, and dock labourers. They are consequently appealing to the charitable institutions for funds u- supplement the work provided by the local bodies. The Tower Hill meetings luLve been brought to an end, London, December 30. The Prince of Wiles, Lord Brassey, Messrs. Chamberlain, Ritchie, Broadhurst, and Arch are among the members of the Royal Com mission appointed to inquire into tbe condi tion of the aged poor. Tkt Ttwts condemns the exclusion of clergy of the Church of England from the Com London, January — The unemployed gathered in St. Paul's Cathedral yesterday. The preacher, who spoke ia sympathetic tenns, was frequently applauded by the congregation. POLYNESIAN TRAFFIC. London, January 5. Sir Arthur Gordon, in a letter to The Time*, favours tbe i»lroductiou of Indian Coolies instead of Kanakas to Queensland. Sir Arthur - Gordon favours Indians, for the reason that recruiting deranges ami ultimately destroys the communal village life in the Pacific Islands, and would ultimately result in the extinction of the Islanders. When the supply dwindles, lie &avs;, colonists are not likely to prove too watchful against abuses. The traffic, he says, would lie safer were the recruiting supervised by the Im perial Government. HEAVY WEATHER IK THE ATLANTIC OCBAS. London, December 29. There are five hundred people on board the steamer Uintiria, which is now overdue. The company are confident of the vessel's safety. further reports have been received of heavy weather in die Atlantic, and of ekips being covered with ice. LoMKJX, December 30. It is believed that the Unibrii is rudder less. The Umbria has been re-Insured at twenty - The Uiiiktia was sighted on tbe 25th in stant ia longitude 5S'* in a disabled comli tiou ; but the master refused assist aucc. Other liuera are overdue. The Cmbria, when sighted on the 2Cth instant, was repairing her shaft. London, December 31. The Umbria lias arrived in New York with a fractured s.iaft. An attempt to tow the eteiiuier failed and tbe shaft was repaired. The iliip met terrible gales. Londox, January 2. Owins to misunderstanding tUe faigcals, the ss. -;alia, after speaking the a.s. Cinliria, proceeded on her voyage. ?SEVERE COLD IK EUROPE. London, December *29. ?\ umtrous staling accidents Lave tali on place in England, and the total umuber of deaths that resulted was thirty. Mi'. Aruolil Foster liad a narrow escape from drowning while rescuing fnectffi who luij ljecu immenetl Ly stutiuif on tiiin ice. London, December 30. It U estimated there wore 30,(100 staters on the ornamental waters in the Londou Parks to--ky. LoKih-st January 2. Numerous Bkatin^ fatalities continue to be report etl. Tlic river Thiuncai is frozen Across betn'cen 3daideuLcad and Windsor. Loxdok, January 3. There has been inteoue cold in England and ibe Continent, together with heavy snow storms. The railway and other tnlfic has beea macfa delayed in consequence. The Seine and Thaiuts Eivera an largely A cricket match took place on tbe ice at Market Harhoroueh, with heavy scoring by both teams. Lokdon, January 5. There were 1000 persons ejeatmg on the Thames River, near Windsor, to-day. The snow has stopped the train at Vienna and Boda-Peath. RUSSIA AND ROUilANIA. Loxoos, December 29. Russia refuses to refer to arbitration the action of Bon mania in firing on the Olga, tbe vessel which attempted to evade quarantine. Room&nia; is iadieoant at the refusal. CHOLERA. London, December 3L There is a serious outbreak of cholera near Gravelines. London, January 2. Twenty men found guilty of participating in the cholera riots at Astrakan have been sentenced1 to -leath. Loniwn, January 3. Cholera has appeared in Dunkirk. THE BIOGRAPHY OF LOKD SHEE BRO0KE. Loxoox, December 29. Mr. Hogan's biography of Mr. Robert Lowe, afterwards Lord Sberbrooke, contains many interesting facts in the deceased's colonial career, which were supplied to the author by Sir Daniel Cooper, vrha admits t&at; for years lie acted as Mr. Lowe's Parliamentary oevfl. Some years ago Mr. Lowe informed Sir Daniel Cooper that he believed be owned £30,000 worth of property in Sydney. THK COLONIAL ISSHTDTE. London, December 29. The Council of the Colonial Institute is urging that the public middle-class schools should K*ve greater prominence to teaching colonial history and geography. Lord Bosebery wiU preside at tbe dinner to be given on the iBt of March to celebrate the twenty-fifth anniversary of tlte founding of the institute. LOSS OF E.M.S. HOWE. London, December 29. The court martial on Admiral Fairfax for laying a hazardous course for H.M.S. Howe in entering Ferrol has been opened. Mr. Wbarton, lijdrographer, said he doubted if the customary course had been set. THE CHANNEL TUNNEL Loxiwx, December 29. At a meeting of the Channel 1 nonel Com pany, Sir Edward Watkin accused Mr. Chamberlain of ruthless, tyrannical, and abominable conduct in stopping the works when he was President of Ibc Board of Trade. The Duke of Cambridge in referring to Mr. Chamberlain's opposition, said his action was incomprehensible. SAMOA. London, December 30. The Countess of Jersey, in an article in the Sineteeiith Century, gives an account of her three weeks' stay in Samoa recently. She describes an interesting secret visit she paid to Mataafa, and expresses sympathy with Malietoa. Mataaf*. she adds, wishes to be reconciled to the King. ADSTRALTAN MEAT. London, December 30. The Massilia's cargo of Melbourne sheep has not been sold. The bnj'ers complain that the meat has been cut up unsatisfactorily. There were 250 lambs sold at 3J-3. per Ib. London, January 2. Messrs. Weddell, agents for the Queens laud Meat Company, will give a banquet at the Hotel Mctrupole, instead of a lunch on the Ruahine on the 4lb January. London, January 3. Keus has been received from Teneriffe that the S.&. Kualuue's carpo is iu prime condition. IMPORTATION OF KRCIT. London, December 30. Mr. W K. While'ii action re the 6.S. Pities cargo, and damaged apples has been stayed pending the adjusters decision whether if [rait was removed at Moute Video, it should be included in the general average. If so the underwriters will have lo pay the balance. Mr. \V. J-. White has bought 300 tons of Cape Colony grapes, which will arrive in London in February. THE ACENT-CENERAL FOR VICTORIA. Iaindos, December 30. The appointment of Sir Henry Wrixou as Agent-General for Victoria, has given general satisfaction, especially iu the city. THE PAMIR (JUEST1OX. Loxijo.v, December 30. The Governor-General of Turkestan lias publicly tbsukcd Captain Yanoff for his THE°UXITED STATES CONGRESS. London, December 31. There is in impression that Mr. Cleveland lias decided not to summon the new Congress until next autumu. AMERICAN IMMIGRATION'. London, December 31. Mr. Chmrtler, Chairman of the American Senate's Committee on Immigration, advo cates the total suspension of immigration next year, and that ttriugent rules be en AMERICAK PROTECTION. London, December 31. Tt;, _W rerZ S,,u states that President llarrisoa is determined as an outgoing blow to abolith the privilege of the Canadian rail ways to transport merchandise in boud through the United States free of duty. b COLOXUL STOCKS. London, January 4. Australian .locks arc unsaleable owini; to tlic- fears of early bonowin'. SHIPMENTS OF UCTTER. London, January 2. flic s.b. Ionic's cargo of butter fetched 96s. to 102s. per cat. for dairy butter : factory butter feting 112s. to USs., a portion appears to have been heated prior to ship ment. ^^ Some of tbe jfer Hjmonth Jmtterfgwr spotted owUg to un»«a»oned mud» teTlig been used in «ie boxes. THE BUTTER MARKET. Lokdok, Jannary 4. Tbe high prices made for AnriTaliu trotter were met by a drop in Danish butter of ISa. per cwt to secure the market; but Amstealiaa batter ncovered tbe market by tdlmg Victoria dairy butter at 88a. and 108a, per cwt., and factory at 112s. and 114a. Tbe western factories butter fetched 114a. per cwt. rRODBLE IS CENTRAL AFRICA. Lokdok, Jannary 2. The TiniM publishes a tdegram stating that the KhaUfa is tbnatening to make anatteck on Kerkhonen's Belgian eipedition, winch is now established at lado, north of Waadai, m the Lake Victoria Kyanza, Central Africa, and it is feared that tbe trouble Trill spread to the region of the Upper Nile. TA- Tima nrges the Brittsh Oovernment to ocenpy tbe sphere of Britfcb interest in Central Africa as far as Lake Albert Nyanza THE GERMAN ARMY BILL. London, jannary £ The Telegraph states that tbe Emperor of Germany turn intimated he is determined to pass the Army Bill, and to crash all who oppose him. London, January 3. The Emperor William hints at a dissolution if the Army Bill is rejected. OCCUPATION OF UGANDA. Lokdok, Januarys. - Sir Gerald PorteL who ii proceeding to Uganda as tbe British Imperial Commissioner to report on the position of the affairs of that country, has now left Zanzibar. THE GUELPH FUND. LosrooN, January 2. A great sensation bas been caused in Germany by certain allegations pnUisbed by the Vonautz, a Socialist paper, which are unconfirmed, respecting the distribution of 1,750,000 marks (£87,500) from tbe Godpb Fund, which has been devoted to secret services and purposes among Ministers, news papers, and Government omciala, THE QUEEN'S PICTURES. London, January 2. It is stated that tbe Queen, nrwling to a request, has promised to despatch next week several pictures, painted by herself, to the collection which will be forwarded to Mel bourne in connection -with tbe fortbeominf; exhibition of the Royal Anglo-Anstraliau Society of Artists. THE ROMAN CATHOLIC MAORI MISSION. London, Jannary 2. Bishop Luck, of Auckland, has collected £+150 for tbe Roman Catholic Mission to die Maoris. The Emperor of Austria gave 1000 francs towards the fund. Biahop Lock states that Archbishop Croke will shortly make a tour of the colonies in aid of tbe mission. FREEDOM OF DUBLIN. London, January 2. Alderman Stuart Knill, Lord Mayor of London, who is now visiting Dublin, met with a groat reception to- day, when the freedom of tbe city was conferred on him. A DERVISH ATTACK. London, Janoarv 2. Foot hundred Dervishes made an attempt to raid the village of Gennai, but were re pulsed and three of their number killed. They afterwards attacked Fort Savais, nnd were again repulsed. Ia their retreat they were pursued by cavalry. London, January 3. A fierce battle took place at Ambigod, be tween tbe Den ishee and tbe Egyptian troops. Tlir Derviabes repeatedly charged, killing a British officer and fortr-six Egyptians, while the Dervishes themselves lost heavily, and then beat a retreat. Captain Camerly was surprised by tbe Dervish cavalry and infantry from the Ambigod wells. Tiie latter were greatly superior in numbers and fierce band to hand fighting ensued. Captain Pyne, uf I he Dorsetshire regiment, one hgyptian major, and fifty troopers being killed. The Dervishes then fled southward. REBELLION IN MEXICO. London, Jannary 2. Tbe rebellion against President Via ia Mexico is spreading, 200 prominent citizens now being implicated. NEW YEAR HONOURS. London, Jannary 3. Dr. Anthony Colb'ng Browclen, and Major Clarke, secretary of tbeCommittee of Colonial Defence, bave been appointed Knighta Com mander of the order of St. Michael and St. Ceorce, and Mr. William Robinson Bootliby, and J|r. Samuel Yardley, Counuanders of the OBITUARY. U-ndo\, December 30. The death is announced of Dr. Falding, of Yorkshire College. Lokdok, Jannary 2. Tbe death ia announced of Mr. William Summers, M.P. for Huddersfield. London, Jannary 5. The death is announced of Mr. Palmer, the founder of the great biscuit factory ANGLO-INVESTMENT COMPANY. L**yDoxt January 3. The Anglo-Australian Invcstuieut Finance and Land Company have returned their January debenture coupons Hnpi^ Tbe London office of the company have cabled three times to Sydney for money, but they have received no reply. No excitement has been evidenced over the uon-pjymeat of the coupons, as (he company's xitition was well-known, and its shares had been unsaleable for some time. The company ore not compelled to pay the coupons for t'U THE MERCANTILE BANK OF AUSTRALIA. ^ London, January 3. Opinion iu tbe city favours Mr. WorwiekVi plan of liquidating Sir Matthew Davies's comnuuet. If tbe associated banks wsjst it vjll do much to restore Victorian credit, as tlie plan would receive the rapport of the B-itub EkireholdeHand depositors. BRASDISC- niTOKtED BEAT. Lnssos, Janoajyt Lord OnsW intends to introduce a Bill enforcing the tmoding of all meat imported into this country. SIR HENRY PABK^ loHSOS, JantUTJT *. A colonist of 6fty years' standing, in a Utter to the /ViO ifaB Gazette, nrml; defends Sir Henry Bakes sgtiiut tie attacks of Bishop Montgomery. Xjosdox, January 4. It is reported that lord Rlpoo has trans ferred the Governmental Nortbera Seduumt land to the Britiih Sooth Africa Company. THE MONETABT CONFERENCE. London, January 5. The American delegates at tie Bnusscta' Conference intend to allow Mr. CJerdand to bare a free hand. 