AGRICULTURAL NEWS. JAPANESE PRODUCTIONS. [BY AGRICOLA.] There must bo Btrong pointa of resemblance between thc climate of Japan and Southern Queensland, or we should not find the fruits of Japan sa hardly and productive as they have so far proved to bo. Most people are more or less familiar now with the Japanese Persimmon, sometimes called the Chinese Date Plum. In Japan there are almost as many varieties of the Persimmon as there arc of apples in England. Like the apple, tlicsc varieties arc grown of every size, colour, and shape, and arc juBt as prolilic and freely used by thc Japanese as tho upplo in thoBC countries where it is thrifty. '1 he Persimmon appears to bu just us thrifty and prolific here as any fruit wo have tried, and being so luscious and prolific wc may reckon in course of time to havn them almost as plentiful SB bananas. There is as yet no surplus crop of thc fruit for preserving purposes or for ex- portation, when that time arrives, however, it is nell to know that thc fruit dries beauti- fully, either by being cut through the middle, a desirable method of dealing with large varieties ; or of drying them whole aa is generally done with small kindB. Thc fruit when ripe and properly dried is exceedingly like thc date, hence the numo it often goes by -the date plum. Another Japanese fruit which has evidently come to stay-al least in Southern Queens- land-is thc Japanese Plum. It belongs to the old country plum family - prunus domestica-and has been sufficiently tested in the south as to lie now largely planted out by orchardists there as a very promising fruit bearer. Only in the coldest portions of Queensland territory has it hitherto been found possible to raise remunerative crops of the old familiar plum; but ¡a u few years from now-judging by appearances-this Japanese immigrant will furnish our tables with abundance of delicious and enjoyable fruit. Enterprising orcburdists in Central Queensland are already experimenting with this fruit, but up till thc present little is known about it os a fruit-bearer herc. That is not surprising, however, as for a few years after being first planted it inclines to run to wood, after which it mostly settles down to good honest work in fruit-bearing. The stock best suited to this plum in Queensland is the peach, because the plum stock is not quito os hardy in thc climate, and moreover the plum stock is terribly given to suckering, which militates terribly against fruit-bearing. Another Japanese fruit in the form of a berry is causing inquiry. It appears to be prolific, and each fruit ia covered with a cap- i suie until it is ripe, which serves as a uatural I protection from birds and depredating pests, j As we remarked at first that the productions of Japan appear to be readily acclimatised her«, the probability is that in the course of a j little while this new introduction -will prove to be another indebtedness we owe to the I Jans. Careful cultivators, observers, and bybridiscre should give this last montionod fruit a special trial. Its name we have for thc present lost memory of, but it figures largely in Messrs. Anderson and Co.'s new catalogue of seeds and fruits, end can from them be purchased. A butter bonus Bill in South Australia pro- mises 2d. on every pound of butter exported,' provided it is approved of by the Govern-, ment, and there is not less than SOO lb. sent away. Fillpa.il, s crossbred cow between Devon and Jersey, calved in 1864 and continued to do so regularly up to 188S ; and during the twenty two years of her milking career she returned a total money value for butter of £353 17s. fid., the prices being those of the West of England. There was no appreciable falling off in money value until her 20th calf, and prior to that the average per annum was £16 I8s. There are few records that can show so long and profitable a career. The Danish farmers have increased their sales of bacon in England from 4,000,000 lb. in 1881 to about. 200,000,000 in 1892. The boss rance in weight from 1801b. to 2*201l>., ana are fed on barley, rye, wheat, peas, boiled potatoes, skim-milk, buttermilk, and whey. The bacon hog is best produced in conjunction with the dairy. The fat on the back should not exceed li in. in thickness, and the shoulders, sides, and hams are cured in one piece. The most complete tests of dairy cattle have taken place in connection with Ute Chicago Exhibition. In test No. I thc Guernsey, for fifteen days, averaged 4'48 per cent of butter fat, the Jerseys 4*53 per cent., and the shorthorns 3*58 per eent. At sonjc recent English show the gold medal winners gave in butter, from twenty-four hours' milk, 21b. 14 oz., 21b. 8¿oz., and 21b. fi J oz. Sweden, recognising the importance of thc Jersey us a butter-producer, has recently im- ported some 200 bead. Writing on the subject of horns, Mr. S. W. Gibson, a large stockowncr in America, says : -It is now some timo since the discussion about dishorning closed, and it is interesting to note the result Farmers .seemed con- vinced that horns are for no kind of use, but are daugerous, troublesome, sud expensive, and they are qnietly disposing of them as fast as circumstances permit. In Central Michi- gan it is now quite common to see herds of one half or two-thirds inulcys, made so by .tho use of a polled bull, and ia this Beetion at least most farmers, while not yet able to get all polled cattle, will have a polled bull. Buyers pay a little more for hornless cows, and stockers or feeders without horns are at a considerable premium over others. On a recent visit to the Chicago stock-yards I was surprised to see such a proportion of polled or dishorned cattle, showing that, whatever critics may think, thc farmers themselves have decided against horns, eo that like the Chinese " they must go. The practice in weaning calves varies from the time tho calf is dropped until it is several weeks old, but wc think at two or three days old is about the right time to take the calf away from its dam. ' Thc calf will suck in a little while after it is dropped, and no matter how muoh the cowls udder is inflamed she will let the calf suck and butt all it wants to, and it uses its privilege freely. It ts thought this butting ts of service in reducing inflammation, on the principle of counter irritation we suppose; but at any rate thc cow will allow the calf to handle her udder much more roughly than she will let a man rub it, and either the rubbing or the butting ought to be done. Another point in favour of letting the calf suck for a few days is-that for the first three days after calving the eow is more liable to have milk fever than subse- quently, and if her calf is with her she is much netter satisfied, and will keep very quiet ; and this state of quietude is just the one we want to keep her in, as any excite- ment nt that time is just as dangerous as to the human mother under thc same circum- stances. _ 