HOME AND FOREIGN ITEMS. Lieut. Pierre Levy-Bing, of the French Navy, has been appointed to the command of a torpedo boat stationed at Cherbourg for the defence of that port. H. Georges Beer has been unanimously elected a Societaire of the Theatre Francais. The brilliant artist, who has thus won the blue ribbon of the dramatic profession, is not yet thirty years old. In Portugal some 4300 Jews are resident. The resettlement dates from about a century back. Lisbon is the greatest centre of Jewish activity, and the community there possesses several pynagogues and other communal institutions. M. Maurice Loewy, the sub-director of the Paris Observatory and member of the Academy of Sciences, has been elected a vice-president of that learned body. By virtue of his election, M. Loewy will be chairman for the ensuing year. By Royal Decree Professor Dr. J. B. Stokvis, of the University of Amsterdam, has been appointed representative of the Government of Holland at the International Medical Congress to be held at Rome in September next. Baron Robert de Rothschild, the only son of Baron Gustave, was Bar Mitzvah on 28th January, at the synagogue in the Rue de la Yictoire, Paris. The youth, it is reported by the Parisian Jewish newspapers, admirably read his portion of the Law. The Amsterdam Committee for the emigration of Russian refugees have been compelled to cease active work owing to the closing of the various American ports. During the past six months it has spent in passages and aid 33,472 florins, or nearly 14,000 dollars. Here Moritz Simon, recently deceased at Berlin, who, during his lifetime was a generous supporter of philanthropic institutions, has bequeathed 100,000 marks to the Jews' Hospital and 100,000 marks to the Jewish Society for the Relief of the Aged Needy. The Sultan of Turkey has conferred the Osmanie Order of the first-clas8» in brilliants, on Mr. Oscar S. Strauss, the late United States Minister to Turkey. His Imperial Majesty accompanied the decoration with a warm letter of appreciation of Mr. Strauss' work at Constantinople. The Council of the Berlin Jewish community have elected Hermann Landsberger as president, in the place of Justizrath Makower, who resigned in consequence of the proposal, now abandoned, to present an address to the Emperor with regard to the anti-Semitic agitation. The first body cremated in Denmark was that of a Jew, M. David Dessau, who died at Copenhagen on 8th January. He was for many years chief of Bureau of the Danish Parliament and introduced the Gabelsberg system of shorthand into the whole of Scandinavia. The famous philologist, Professor Graziado Ascoli, has received one of the highest honours it is possible for the King of Italy to bestow. On the nomination of three of the Ministers, His Majesty has conferred on Professor Ascoli the Grand Cordon of the Crown of Italy. Professor Hartwig Derenbourg has been elected president of the Societedes Etudes Juives. A posthumous wort, portion of which has already appeared in the Revue of the Society, by the late H. Isidore Loeb, has been published under the title of " La Litterature des Pauvres dans la Bible." A short time ago Herr Max Rosenthal, a merchant of Bruenn, received a visit in bis office from two men, who demanded money. On his refusing their demand the men shot at him, with the result that he died almost immediately. They also wounded his nephew, Dr. Hoze. In the confusion which ensued the murderers effected their escape. The Council of the Russian Empire will shortly examine a project, brought forward by Mr. Dournovo, Minister of the Interior, tending to suppress the Jewish Communal Boards, which are held to be as injurious to the general welfare of the country as to the interest of the Jewish popu lation itself. It is intended that these boards preserve Judaism intaot, and thereby contribute to the excessive ieolation of the Jews from the bulk of the people. The Jewish commuuity at Rotterdam has sustained a great loss by the death of one of its foremost and most respected members, Herr J. van Raalte. The deceased was a profound Hebrew scholar, and had been for many years concerned in the management of the synagogue, and practically of every communal institution. Herr van Raalte was benevolent in every sense of the word, and was as ready with his purse as with his counsel. The Leopoldstadt, "the City" of Buda Pesth, has elected Herr Moritz Mezei its representative in the Hungarian Chamber of Deputies in the place of the late Moritz Wahrmann. Herr Mezei led the van of the younger generation more than a quarter of a century ago in the movement of the civil equality of the Hungarian Jews, and he is chairman of the Commission for securing the recognition of Judaism as a State religion. Throughout his career the new member of Parliament haB warmly espoused the cause of his co-religionists. The Odessa correspondent of the Daily Netos telegraphs" A member of the local Jewish Emigration Society, referring to a statement in which it was incidentally stated that the Jewish population in the United King dom had doubled its number during the last twenty years, expressed his conviction that the next redoubling of the present number of his co-religionists in England would be effected within the next quinquennium. It is said that the Jewish immigration movement will set in during the coming spring and summer from Russia and Russian Poland with still greater volume than heretofore." 