FRIDAY, JULY 7, 1893. The first railway proposals of the session were submitted to the Assembly yesterday evening, when Ministers pro- posed a resolution authorising them to proceed with the two mallee lines, the one from Dimboola to Jeparit and the other from Boort to Quambatook. The course taken is unusual, as no bill is introduced and only the latter of the lines has been recommended by the Railway Committee. But the lines are introduced as emergency works, Mr. PATTERSON explaining that they can be started at once, and that the nature of the country will allow of a maximum number of men being employed at one and the same time. The one line will cost £70,000 and the other £60,000, each averaging a little under £3,000 per mile, and at this rate it is declared that both will pay. In one sense the lines are relief works, but they are also declared to be reproductive in character. And Mr. PATTERSON ex- plains that after allowing for the lines ordered last session he still has £270,000 on hand available for rail- way construction purposes, so that his funds will allow of an instant commencement. It was naturally asked why two of the lines ordered last session, particularly the Heidelberg and Eltham railway, were not being pushed on, and the reason given is that though there were profuse statements that the land could be obtained without difficulty on these routes, yet when the pinch comes the land is not available, and local trusts have to be formed in order to acquire it and to conduct the necessary negotia- tions. Neither, it is said, is the £5,000 guarantee promised for the Eltham line forthcoming. On the other hand, the land in the mallee district, having been alienated under recent land acts, can be resumed for railway purposes at a specific price. It does not appear as though the money asked for could be better spent than upon cheap lines run- ning into the wheat country. The Boort railway, indeed, goes un- challenged. The misfortune in the other case is that there is a dispute as to whether Jeparit should be served by a cockspur from the Warrack- nabeal line, 0r whether Jeparit should have a branch line of its own from the main Adelaide Melbourne railway at Dimboola. The case for the route which the Government have selected was clearly put by Mr W. MADDEN, and it is that the mallee should be gridironed by lines running north and west, so that no selector should be more than ten miles from communication-and the Dimboola railway complies with this condition-and secondly that the line is a part of the national line to Hamilton, which will some day have to be built in order to place the mallee and the Wimmera in touch with the western ports. It is submitted that the War- lacknabeal line will be a local work, and that the Dimboola line is part of a national system. The House is told that the future of Warracknabeal is for its line to go north, and if the line goes north a cockspur to the west would be a costly luxury. Of course, there is a Warracknabeal side to the controversy, and it is a great pity that a line could not have been proposed which did not involve one ot those local contentions which those who wish to hold the scales fairly always find it extremely difficult to settle. Nor ought the point mentioned by Mr. GILLIES to escape attention the Lower House is not entitled to proceed by resolution, and thus to decide upon lines apart from the Council, and if the urgency of the circumstances calls for procedure by resolution, that resolution should be submitted to the two Chambers. The one House is as eager to act on behalf of the unemployed as the other. And to ignore the Upper House is not the way to cultivate the friendly relations which are all-important. The members in the Opposition corner complained of the two lines being rushed upon the House, but here the circumstances must be held to excuse the Government. Relief works are relief works. Viewed from the standpoint of urgency, the ordinary checks become red- tapeism—if a prima facie case can be made out that the lines will really pay. But, of course, an absolute approval can be expressed of the remarks of those members who contend that in the ordinary course, and with other lines, the preliminary investigation should be as complete, and the time allowed for Parliamentary considera- tion should be as full, as possible. After all, the burning question, "How " to make the railways pay," will always resolve itself into one of careful railway construction. Unless we can conceive of an angel performing what seem to us to be impossibilities, and causing two parallel lines to come together, or find- ing a shorter line between two given points than a straight line, why, we must admit that not even an angel as traffic manager could obtain payable results out of non-payable works. Under a Government system of con- struction, it is especially easy to make mistakes, and great mistakes, in the selection of lines, and yet under no system ought errors to be more carefully avoided, for in none are the consequences more permanently disastrous. In England and America the ill-chosen line goes into liquidation, and the wasted capital is written off. The original shareholders lose their money, and the line passes into other hands at its real value. In America ACKWORTH, dealing with this branch of the subject, says:—"As for the writing " down of capital, let this one fact " suffice. Between Chicago and Cairo, " a distance of 367 miles, their are " twenty-two railway companies whose " lines cross that of the Illinois Central. " Eighteen out of the twenty two have " passed through the courts since 1874. " And these circumstances have always to be remembered when the returns ob- tained on foreign lines are quoted. We have to ask by how much has the capital been written down. In Aus- tralia, of course, it is impossible to write capital down. Where the state borrows, it borrows, and if it fools money away on unremunerative works it must put up with the disastrous consequences. The failure remains—a yearly charge and a constant drag—and it would be ruinous to have an ac- cumulation of failures. While state railways have in the past been entered upon with the least consideration of any enterprises, it is perfectly obvious—when the facts just mentioned are borne in mind—that no enterprises need more checks and more honest and complete preliminary inquiries. Let a non-profit- able line be made and it remains for all time a charge upon the system as a whole and an absolute detriment to the advance of the country. Every ton of wheat carried on other lines has to con- tribute to the loss, and so has every passenger. The " lowest possible " charges," to which the producer is entitled, are made an impossibility. We make these remarks because there is apparently a certain danger of our drifting on in our old ways with little alteration. Whatever else may be said of Govern- ment employment, no one in his senses would dream of asserting that it was becoming more and more attractive. If that idea lingered in the public mind until a month or two ago, recent events in the Railway department should have driven it away. The service seems to have suddenly become erupt- tive, and its condition has been manifested by the sudden ejectment of officers who have spent years in the de- partment, are in the prime of life, have good records, and have been dispensed with contrary to the wishes and advice of the chiefs of their respective branches. Men who have been dislodged are apt under any circumstances to find fault with their treatment, and the world may in this case be inclined to be deaf to re- monstrances, looking only to the allega- tion that the dismissals are in accord- once with the retrenchment policy. If it were quite clear that the re- ductions have been dictated only by a desire to save money, of course the world would be right and the ex- officers would have no case for inquiry. But that involves the whole question. The gentlemen concerned say they can prove that economy will not be effected by their dismissal, and that, for reasons which should be examined, they have been thrown into premature idleness as pensioners at a time when, for very little more than their pensions, they would be glad to render good service to the state. Necessarily their contention implies either want of acumen or some other defect on the part of the commissioners, and as it is of the highest importance that the community should be assured that the railways are administered wholly in the public interest, and absolutely with- out regard to personal predilections or prejudices, the demand for an inquiry should be complied with. So much may be said in the interests of the commis- sioners themselves, who must be in- terested in securing the good opinion of the public. Whether the Ministry will grant an inquiry is, of course, another question. It may be that good reasons, from a political point of view, will pre- vent compliance with the request, for although political considerations should certainly not affect private interests they often do. It might, for instance, strike the Minister of Railways as impolitic at this juncture to allow an investigation to be made into the administration of the department. He has enough on his hands with other affairs no doubt, and may naturally desire to be spared the worry incidental to such an inquiry. While fully sympathising with him in his troubled position, we might, how- ever, suggest that whatever the risk justice should be done. And justice demands that the recently dismissed officers should have an opportunity of proving their allegations. The representatives of the students have apologised very handsomely for the disgraceful and utterly inexplicable dis- turbine that was made the other even- ing at the Alexandra Theatre. We can understand that there was no concerted arrangement to any the other members of the audience and prevent the due progress of the play. A simple explain- ion may be proffered. Students are compelled to work hard at the dry-as- dust facts which are occasionally re- ferred to in professional lectures and which are much in evidence in examine- tion papers. The irksomeness of the toil may be measured by the fact that out of the number who gaily don cap and gown and inherit the great privilege which these distinguished articles of attire confer, only a comparatively small percentage are able to struggle into the professions. It is only in accord- once with human nature, therefore, that the students should show a dis- position to be disorderly when they have the opportunity of a licensed outbreak. They may have a sincere delight in testing the power and volume of their voices. They may have an infantile joy in showing that they are able to make paper darts. They may even think that it is an act of gallantry to dangle human bones before the faces of ladies. One must make allowance for eccentricities of taste amongst young men who are always looking for- ward to an examination that many of them will fail to pass. But the incident suggests a method by which the life of the student would be cheered. A band of them might be sent out every Saturday afternoon to " barrack " at a football match. Or the residents at the different colleges might now and then have a pitched battle with paper darts and beads and other harmless weapons. Or the students might at regular in- travels hold a political meeting, and cheer and howl and groan to their hearts' content. Or they might give an exhi- bition of relics in the quadrangle when no visitor was present. If the Professorial Board were to consider the affair in the right way a great re- form might be made, and a legitimate outlet be found for that innate vulgarity which even the higher education is powerless to subdue. There was but one thing lacking at the performance at the Alexandra Theatre. When the students in the old country are guilty of rowdyism in a theatre the police are called in, and some of the too exuberant youths are treated to a lecture from the Bench - not to mention the fine \- in the morning. If such pranks are to be played here the natural cons- quench ought to follow. The University larrikin, like other larrikins, should be made to apologise before the magistrates. Then he would learn that if he thinks it fun to annoy and disturb other people he must pay the price of his amusement in the police court. We trust, however, that public feeling in the University itself is wholly against the disgraceful conduct of the students at the Alexandra Theatre, and that the undergraduates will take care not to show again such vulgarity, imbecility, and inanity. After the Sessional Orders had been passed jesterdaj the Assembly wusnt once planned into a discussion on ml« a) construction which occupied the whole evening In order to provide labour for the uncmplojed on re muneiative work the Premier asked the House to authorise the immédiate construe tion of nul wuj lines from Dimboola to Teparit and Boort to Quambatook J he proposal met with great favour m the Iiouse, und the Government was heartily congratulated for taking such energetic measurestorchevi theexistmgdistress Oppo sitian enme from the advocates of the route from M iirruekniil cal to »Jimboola, and in thur liitcrestH Mr George turner moved an amendment omitting that line from the pro position submitted bj the Premier Nenrly all the members who hau rival lim s in their dis triots ga\e reasons why those lines sliould have been preferred bj the Government, but when a division waa taken the Government proposal w as carried bj u2 votes to 10 At 20 minutes to 12 o clock the lluuse adjourned till I nevin) Ihe Premier submitted the first of the Government proposils for the relief of the unemplo) ed to the Assembly last night He asked the House to pass a motion nfbrming the dcsirabihtj of at once proceeding to construct lines of railway in the mallee from Dimboola to Teparit and from Boort to Quambatook, in unticipition of the sanction of nets of larlmment He claimed that, quite apart from the question of providing cmplojnnnt the mallee is a source of great wealth which should be opened up uti 1 developed 'Ihe deficit and all the other troubles with wlueh the Government is tnecd are nothing compared to the great distress which exists owing to strong men benia out of work On these lines work could be found tor IÍ00 men in the course ol a week and Í500 more in four weeks after that J he Premier pointeil out that about 1,000 men have recent!j been discharged bj the Metropolitan hoard of Works who nu of the very elliss for the work In the neighbourhood of the Jepant line the Government has resumeet lnrj,o aieaa oi mallee, und Mr Patterson states that It is hoped to permanently settle there the people who are now to be sent up bj enabling them to obtain some work whilst cultivating their land The lines which the Premier last night asked the Assembly to authorise him to proceed with at once for the purpose of giving immediate relief to the unemployed are both in the mallee. The first one mentioned, from Dimboola to Jeparit, is 21 miles in length. It is estimated to cost £2,000 a mile, exclu- sive land land and rolling stock, and the line will be laid for the greater part of the dis- tance on the main road. The other line is from Boort to Quambatook, and it is expected to cost £8,000 a mile, exclusive of land and rolling stock. The total cost of the two lines will be from £125,000 to £130,000, and Mr. Patterson informed the house that he has available £274,000 apart from all lines at present under construction. There was no difference of opinion in the Assembly last night as to the advisability of immediately constructing a line of railway to Jeparit, but us to the route it should take there was a great conflict. The Government proposal was to make Dimboola the starting point of the line, and immediately the advocates of the Warracknabeal connrc- lion wen up m onus Both towns have strong claims an 1 both were put before tlie House Mr Madden spoke for the Dim biolii route, and Mr Dvcr for that from Wariuclcnabeal A report ninde bj Mr líenme!», the engineer in chief, recommend nig that the mallee should be traveised bj miralie! lines running north which is the direction taken b) the Dimboola route, Had c,rcut inllucnce with the House Mr 1 atttr rfon di eland tint he would never diean oi proposait, a line tiom V\airacknabeul, which would run almost pmallcl with the piese-it S)8tein StronD complaiiitwasmidc that the Government hud t,iven no notice of its inten tion to propese the construct ion of the lines, but to this the effictive reply was mode that to make such an announcement when a want of con'idcuce motion was b ing discussed I would have been to offer a bribe to support tlio Government. Tin« disorganisation of the Opposition wns made very eudent last mgnt wlii'ii the Ooi ernment submitted a motion to authorise the immediate construction of two lines of railwaj. Sir Graham Herri, the lender of the Opposition, rose at once and gave a conbul suppoitto the Goiernment proposi- tion. Mr. Shiels, speaking from the Opposi- tion corner, adopted a very hostile tone. But Mr. O Turner, first lieuteiuint of the Opposition, reinsert the action of his chief, nnd proposed nn amendment omitting from the motion the line to Jeparit At a later stage Su Graham Herri said he had supported the Government proposal under the impression that there was no dispute ÜB to the routo of either line. Ho asked the Premier to accept the amendment. Mi Patterson rose in a white heat, and declared that, though there appeared to be great doubt us to who wns leading tho Opposition, there should be no doubt as to who led tlio House 8_ long as he wns head of the Goi ernment. If the amendment were carried the usual con si nuances would follow, and the Opposition would lime to nccept the responsibiht) of the situation. When the division was taken Sir Graham Herr) crossed the tloor and vote 1 agninst his lieutenant. '1 he usual sessional discussion took place m tho ASDI mbly hmt night as to the hours during which the House shall sit this ses sion. Mr. Dunn on behalf of a section ot the countn members sought to arrange that the sittings should commence at half past 2o'olock insteud of half-past 1. He urged that country members had to come to town and wait for the meeting of tho House Mr. Foster toole the same MOW, holding that under piesentcircumstnncea the House should devote more time to "work Strong opposition to the change wus shown by seveial town members mid by the late Minister of Ijimds Mr. M'lntjre pointed out that Ministers would have n0 time to attend to departmental' business if they were expected to be BO much in the House. Perhaps the plea which had most ellect waa that of Mr. M'Lellun, who Bald that though a strong man he Ielt that Ins constitution could not endure a stream of talk commencing at half-past 2 o'clock and con tinning till a late hour of the night. It would kill the ètrongest man in the community, ha declared. Mi. T. Smith urged that each member should make up his mind never to speak three hours at a time. Mr. Shiels blushed, Mr. luanes looked guilty, and the House by a majority of öri to 10 determined to udherc to the usual hours. West Melbourne nnd South Melbourne are at deadly feud through _ then respective Parliamentary representatives, and the pros- pects of a hostile meeting at an early date are verj encouraging, though so far as can be ascertained the time anil place urn not jet settled The quarrel appears to be ot long standing, but the immediate cause ot the outbreak is as follows. While Mt. Winter was addressing the House on Wednes- day Mr Maloney interjected, " Yon promised to give a subscrintion to the uuemplojed, and ion never did it." Mr Winter let the statement pass at the time, but referied to it us a question of pnv ilege j esterdai He ex- plained that Mr. Maloney 12 months since asked him tor u subscription for the unem- ployed. He promised to give it in a month's time, and at the expiration of that time Mr. Malonty informed lum that the subscription had proved a failure and did not ask lum for anything He had luard nothing moro of the mutter till now. Mr. Maloney de- clared that Ins talc was very different from that of the lion, member for South Melbourne, and was prepared to go into documentary evidence when the loud murmurs of members induced lum to bay he would be prepared to select one of two members to "thrush out the dirt) linen " He added that he had boen threatened with personal chastisement, and with regaid to that he was at the service of the lion member for South Melbourne when he liked. Members all felt that lins was just the settlement that honour demanded, and each one pra) ed that when the meeting tukes place he may be there to see. Mr. G. Downes Cnrter, the Treasurer, stated in the^Assembl} last night, in reply to Sir Graham lierrj, that he hopes to dcliier Ins Budget statement on Tuesdaj, the 18th mat. Tenders for the Metropolitan Board of Works loan of £000,000 at -it per cent, wore opened by the chairman, Mr. 15. O. Fitz- gibbon, at the board's ofhees yesterdaj. Tho tenders recen ed only amounted to £72,320, and it was nccordingl) announced that the balnnce would remain open for subscrip- tion at the minimum price of £9') untill the 15th uist, when a further announcement will be made Only three of the tenders were foi substantial amounts, i u , £2.1,000, at £01, from the City ot Mel- bourne Bank , £20,000, at ¿00 10s, from Sir Geo. Verdon, as agent for the Law, Union, and Crown lure and Life Insurance Company , and £10,000 at £90, on account of Mr. T. B Pajne. 'Hie rest of the tenders werpsmull, and included two for £20 each, one for £_0, and one for £00 'J he net pro- ceeds of the £72,320 subscribed for amount to £71,771, equal to an average of £011 Is. 104'd , which exceedB the minimum lixed bi Is 10^d. A detailed analysis of the results nnd a com- parison with the board's pteiious îssuis appear clsew here. Ali. West, whoso lecture on "'1 he Agricul- tural Wealth ot Victoria," when given at the Athen.eum Intel), excited BO much public interest, repeated the lecture lust night at Brighton, by the inv itation of the Brighton Horticultural Societj. 'lhere was a largo attendance, lind tile bulk of the audience, w ho were men practical and expert in immy branches of horticulture, were the better able to appreciate the matter contained in this ialuuble lecture, while Mr. West's tirst rate series of hintern views help to keep the interest of the amateur lixed on the subject. In several other suburbs there is a desire to hear Mr. West's lecture, und he will repeat itb) invitation of the ninjor of Prahran at the Prahran Town hull to night. The Kail way department lins arranged to run excursion trains in connection with the approaching Grand National Steeplechase Meeting of the Victoria Itacitig Club. Holt da) excursion tickets will be ISBUUI to Mel- bourne b) all trains on the 7th and Uth mst. and by the morning trams on the 8th and the 13th mst, available for return till Monday, the 17th mst It is an axiom that increases of import duties dimmish the puichasing power of the people. Further proof of this ia given m a return prepared, for the informa- tion of the Minister of Customs, showing the revenue per head of the population for vnnous periods, from the linanciul )ear 1871 5 up to the year 1892 3. In the year 1871 0 the rate per head was £2 Is , in 1878 9 it fell to £1 7s, which waa the into also in thejear 1879 80. In the ) ear 1889 00, after an increase in the tariff, it rose to £2 Cs , and in 1801 2 it amounted to £233 Gd At this time the tanti was subjected to further mercases, and in 1892 3 the rate, notwithstanding the altera- tions, fell to £1 8s The population mcreasi d steudily throughout the period covered by the return, but the rate for the ) ear 1892 i is calculated on the population of 18912, w7, 1,110,10ri persoiiH Mr G Neilson, the curator of the Roi al Horticultuinl gardens, Hieliniond, recent!) visited the Cohuna, Pyramid lull, and Gun- bower district with the view of gnnig iruit growers tluir prictical lessons in pruning then trees In a report ii Inch he has sent to the secretar) for agriculture, he SIDS, "'lina visit confirmed the opinion I had tormed on a previous visit that the wnnt of drainage m the orchaids tlure is one that mil provea great drawbick to the successful cultivation of flint tices 'J he soils are suitable, and water for irrigation is abundant, but drumthe must go hand in hand with irngution if the longent) of the trees ia desired Vi nut of shelter was also a great draw balk on those plains, and the effects of the prevailing winds could be seen in the orchards It would repa) the fruit growers to plantshelter belts of quick growing trees around their holdings. I venture to state that if the land is drained and the orchards shelteied as suggested, this district would become a large Iruit pro- ducing one of lirst class samples ' Of seven tenders received, thnt of Mr. James Moore for £l 17,1-0 0s 3d. will l*e re- commended for acceptance by the sewerage committee of the Metropolitan Board of "Works for the construction of the seconel section of the liol sons livy mun sewer 1 Ins w ill 1 e the Jury st contract m eoimec tion vvith the sewernto works anl the price is consi lured very fav oural le by the authorities In this section of the main sewer all the drainage from places south of the \uirn together with that of the city proper and part ol liichmond will be con centrated 1 he sewer vv ill sturt from a point near the Graham street station on the Port Melbourne railway and will run for a dis tance of one mile and three quarters to the Harbour 1 rust bounder) at Lorimer street where it will join the No 1 section and pass under the Yarra It will be 1ft in diameter, with a brick arched top and concrete base lined with brick Although the local loan of £500 000 winch the, board hoped to lloat vesterduy was only partially subscribed it is understood that the banks which hold on de posit the £1 000,000 loan floated in London will make arrangements to enable the board to proceed with this contract. Hie members of the Chamber of Commerce met yesterday afternoon to further discuss the terms ot the resolution proposed at a previous meeting in favourof a large measure of trade freedom In the course of a length) discussion Mr II MeekB proposed un amend ment in favour of intercolonial in c trade but it w as pointed out that there was little hope of inducing the colonies to agree to meet Victoria on this point Mr I I angton con Bide red that the best way of solving the difli culty would be to at onco adopt the tariff of New South Wales and though he immc diately afterwards left the room his spi edi was provocative of a long and acrimonious debate on tho merits ot free tmde und protection Lvcntually the meeting was brought back to the consideration of the question at issue, and the amendment having been defeated by a large majority, the motion waa carried and the meeting having decided that copies of the resolution BIIOUM be sept to the Premier and members ot 1 ar liament finally adjourned 'Hie following public and bank holilu)3 have been proclaimed -I hursday, 13th July, public hohdiiy throughout the shire of Itose dale, V/ednosdaj 11th Tulj, public holiday throughout the 1 atura Riding of the shire of Kodney (for races) A statement of the revenue and expendí ture of the trustees of agricultural colleges and of the Council of Agricultural ] duration from the 1st January to the 30th June, 1812, has been submitted to Parliament The report of the trustees shows that rents and fees have been received to the extent of £S704 of which amount £3 500 has been transtcrrcd to the agricultural fund Accord ing to the balance sheet of the Council of Agricultural 1 duration the receipts have amounted to £6 %2 the sale of farm produce from Dookie and I ongerenong having jiclded £11.10 Among the items of ex penditure are -Dookie Agricultural College, £1 HO Dookie Lxpenmental 1 urm £1122 Longerenong Agricultural College £1,518, and Longerenong 1 xpenmental 1 arm, £708 A credit balance of £085 is shown A rcportof ptocccdings taken undertliepro visions of the Land and AA attie Acts for last year vv as j esterduy laid on the table of the Legislative Assemblj It states that the ?»» attica Act which was passed with a view to affording Bpecial facilities for the cultiva tion ot the various species of acacia having a commercial value, has not been largely availed of During the 12 months 10 appli cations for leases embracing an area of 0184 acres were received, and 11 lessees under section 32 of the Land Act 1881 applied to convert their holdings into wattles leaseholde I leven upphca lions for leases under section 5 of the act w ero granted for an area of 3 530 acres, and three applications under section 10 repre Bcntinc, an area of 2,205 acres were approved of Hie arrears due by Crown lessees and licensees and on account of sales In auction amounted at the end of the j ear to £70S 8-11 'Hie total revenue contributed by the Lands department to the treasury during 1802 was £411 7i0 Ihe Country 1 ire Brigades Board has pre Ecntcd to Parliament its report for last year It states that the total atuountof the probable expenditure considered necessary for the j ear was estimated at £15 058 This was re duced bj deducting an unexpended balance in hand of £2 M>8 In estimating the annual out- lay the board took into consideration the pro bable expenditure on items which ltwasimpos sible to absolutely determine and established uconiinc,ercy fund which waa to be available for pa) ing the interest and sinking fund on the proposed loan for puichasmg the plant and properties used by the various brigades for properly uniforming and equipping the firemen and for pa) ing rentals of fire stations and plant In addition to tins fund and the ordmurj maintenance ot the brigades the board was called upon to provide means to convey the firemen to and from the annual demonstration As a result of careful super vision in ever) case the estimates were m excess of expenditure and a considerable savinf, was effected \\\ e are requested to Btate that while Madame De Alba is progressing as rapidly t iw arda recover) as can be expected she is still conimed to her room and her medical litten lants Dr Molonc) and Mr 0 Uara s i> that it will be a month at least belore she w ill be able to attend to business I he competition of Danish with Victorian butter in the 1 IILJIBII market has Mvenour farmers an interest m the agriculture ot Denmurl At a meeting receutlj held at Odense 1 unen sajs J he Innen of Ma) 21 it was decided to establish a Danish librarían part), having for one of its objects the reduction of the protective duties Hie free trade andagrauan movement which bus been developing m 1 unen and Jutland for some time past, will thus be placed on a firm basis lomcjit the ^oung Victorian Patriotic Leae,ui hold a meeting of member» at the Port Phillip Club Hotel 1 linders street Sirlrede rickSargool MI C , will take the chair and Mr G K Bald will read a paper on Paternal Democruc) m Victoria its Hesults and Irre sponsibilities \\\ e leam from Paris that Mr Bertram Mac 1 ennal s statue ot Gircc m the Salon of the Champs 1 I)see, was awarded a place of honour in the central aisle, while the works sent in by many 1 rench sculptors of high repute were relegated to mfeilor positions at the side 'Hie ¡saturday Review vvho3eart criticisms arc written by an artmt and man of lattin who is accepte 1 as a high authority both in 1 nfclimd and I ranee, singles out the Melbourne sculptors exhibit for especial praise ¡mel speaks of it us undoubted!) the statue best worth looking at if we tal e into account intellectual as will as technical merit in the Salon The editor of the / uildmii 2\ elm has written to Mr Muckinnal lor permission to engrave Ins 'Circe in that journal and the Petit Mont leur of the 21th ot May last speaks of It thus \- It seems impossible to pass it by without being struck moved or at any i ate disturbed by its strange character Impassive und riyd she rinses herselt up the line of juncture of her strained le(,8 closely adhering to each other forming a faultlesB vertical the head erect the look fixed and the two arms Hung straight forward with a dominant gesture »Inch is perfected hythe extension of the op ii el iws of her meagie hamls and bony fingers Dicidedlj she is a very Circe, and a dice of a singularly startling and suggestive expression Hie aiithoi Mr Mackennal, is notonlj a very skilful artist and thoroiurhl) e\\.ptriincetl in his art hut he is a poet Mme Bernharlt no mean judge expressed the same opinion of him when she sat to lum fjrubiist m Melbourne and it is satisftic tory to learn that while he was awarded onl) n second pri/o at the competition of plastic designs m this city his genius has found a compc!i8atin" recognition inagreaturt eentie lil e Paris Ihe census recently talen by the pohce mnc.iBtrute of 1 hura lay Island the lion John Don,.! is (writes the Sydney Mommy lleiald of luly 1) presents some curious »tatistics us to the relative numbers of the dificrcnt races within a ra bus ol tluee miles of 1 ort Kenne I) us the chief settlement is new eulie I Hie numeration thin.fon of cotusi includes the other islands of the (,roup nu I those w ho make the place their head quuru rs I he who'e population of w horn tidings could be obtained totalled 1400 Of tbesc 3G2 were Europeans The Manila men carno next with 207 on 1 as these are the people Inrfeel) employed m the Hlielljn- mliistr) this night le ex peeled Hie uborigmts show tin respectable number of 203 on 1 fiom them ive drop to the Tapntiese 170 fheMalu)S follow closely with 171 and the South Sea Islanders numt er 15J I hese nationalities-with the ex ception of the 1 uropeans-probably form all those engaged in the active work ot the fisheries Hie Chinese are represented by but 01 m spite of the universal belief as to their crowding out other races Ihen come the Cingalese who total 32 and the Jnianese amount to but l8 in spite of their proximit) Hie natives of India and the West Indians are equal m pro portion there berne, 11 of each and the list terminates strange to say with two Mexicans Hie balance is made np I y the mixed races as Mr Douglas terms them mimbi rmc, 28 I hese last would most likely be natives of New Guinea and other islands outside the three milo radius Naturnll) Hiursda) Island is no gauc,e of what would be the relative mimi era on the mainland were it possible to cone ive such a strange mixture engaged m tiny other Bettlid pursuit than that peculiar to the Straits lins however is not likely to be the case and it must also be remembered that these people are but roi eis and return to their homes not settling down to remain and int rmarry But their enumeration is interesting as showing the man) nations from far and near who lind a living in far Northern Australia The first anniversary of the establishment of the lueker Village Settlements will bo celebrated in the Melbourne lown hull on 1 uea lay everting the 11th Jul) at 8 o clock His Worship the Mn)0r will preside and a very attractive programme lins been prepared for the cvenin" s entertainment which will take the form of a concert followed by a lecture and series of limelight views illustrating life on the settlements the following ladles and gintlemen have kindly given their services -Miss Lalla Miranda Miss Claru Mongredien Messrs Henry Stockwell and Gladstone Vt right with Mr W J turner as solo organist and uccompamst Kcporis and addresses will be deluered b) the Hivs Dr strong and li 1 tucker and other gentlemen At 10 o clock jesterday morning Baron von Mueller K C M G (president), ac compnnicd by Mr A C Macdonald, ritGS, andtheltev W Potter KRGS (lion secretary and assistant secritnry) at- tended at Government house by appointment to present the congratulatory address of the Victorian branch of the Royal Geographical Society of Australasia on the marriage of their Ho)al Highnesses the Duke of \ork and [ the Princess May of leek Before the lion secretary read the address Baron von Mueller briefly referred to the good impression of the Royal bridegroom created b) his visit to the colony m the Bacchante some years ago Lord Hopetoun in felicitous terms accepted the address and expressed the pleasure it would give lum to forward it to Her Majesty j The usual half yearly concert by the students of the Presbv terian Ladies College took place in the W)silnskie hall jcsterday uftenioon in the presence of n large audience Hie programme performed comprised part songs vocul solos pinnoforte Bolos and duets nnd a violin solo and met inthdue appreciation Miss 1 Corrie the holder of i he Bcnior pinnoforte scholarship pla) ed Schumanns BlumenBtiick op 10 and Miss A Hormdcc who has obtained tilt junior scholarship Dusse k s Sonata in A op 20 Ivo 1 Miss S Richardson who has vv on the scholarship in singing was pre- vented from taking pnrt in the entertainment through a death m her family Mr G B 1 entum acted as musical director A \iiluailc contribution to that most interesting, description of art stainel glass work was on view )esterday at the premises of Messrs Brooks Robinson and Co I li7ibeth street. A commission from the Carngham Presbyterian Church has given the firm an exceptional opportunity, and the result is a work in which the three essential qualities ot beauty of design rich ness of colourint and iaithfulness of st) le are all splendi Hy represented 1 he design shows a three li_ht win low in the ltth cen tur) Gothic st) le the three figures chosen as the subject representing laith Hope and Charit) while the basement and I ordering nro in the highly ornamental Grisaille work In the central figure of Chant) winch is represented w lth a thil \ in her arms and another nt her feet olive greens and madder brown have been employed with most artistic effect while the supporting figures ot 1 mth and Hope are excellently contrasted in rieh tints of blue and rub) J he w ork has been tarried out under the superintendence of Mr II G Drummond from the designs of Mr J \\\ Brown Mr David Wilson the Victorian butter expert (w rites our I ondon correspondent on lune 2) has finished his tour of the various sidtw orks m 1 nglund and is sending home a report His neus on the question of which is the best salt for butter making arc kept very much to himself He has visited the ] urcku Saltworks the Black Horse works mil others He IB now about to start lor 1 ranee where he will investigate the working of the dairy s)ätem pretty fully, and will then go to Denmark anl Sweden for a similnr purpose In Denmiuk a discovery has been made of fermenting the cream so as to secure a better texture und rtgular aroma ot butter Into the merits of this new S)8tem Mr V ilson w ill make an exhaustive inquiry In Sweden he hopes to find their improved mill mg machine of more than ordinary interest Mr \\\ ilson speaks highly of the result of Ins visit and of the many pieces of valuable mlormution he lins acquired He lina been at MessiB Keeling and Hunts inquiring into the system of selling fruit by auction in the city ns opposed to the pr ictices at Covent garden At the time of Ins visit a portion of the Orients apples were beint, sold Hie apples were on v lew (one box from eaHi lot) for some hours before the sale and Mr W ilson had ample opportunity of judging of ihequiiht) of the fruit anditsmodeof pack ing He saw boxes of very fine apples spoilt because of their want of grading lurte and sin ill all being mixed in one box Hie prices of apples were very low owing to the soft fruit that is filling the shops Sir Julius Vogel has expressed through the rortnmhtly lteoiew (w rites our London cor resnondent) his opinions upon the bank panic in Australia He considers it cert un that the colonies liai e been ov er banked with the result that excesstie competition has set m He ndiisis amalgamation or absorption by some of the powerful banks w Inch have withstood the Storni He regards the attacks made upon the Australasian Government securities as unjustifiable and he holds the colonies arc possessed of wealth which should remove them from any susp cion of mal lim to pay their del ts He denies thit tie colonial tariffs are frimed in a spirit hostile to the mother counti) but admits the existence of a more substantial complaint in the fact that the colonies do not welcome additions to their population from the mother country or st an) rate do not promote immigration ns they di 1 in their earlier dil) s He argues that nothing but goo 1 would result from sending out carcfull) selected emigrants to settle on the lan"l Ile would like to see a well selected flow of larmers set in to the colonies believing that signal advantages would result. He depre cates the raising of loans from local capit ii behevin- that if the Governments obtain mon« ni th it way they will do as t_re it harm to mi estais ut home b) striuimt, ti e commercial and hnnnci ii poweis ot the 1 eoplc in the colonies as if the) came direct upon the >n(,hsh mantet If the Go vernments of the Australian colonies made it perfectly clear what monty the) remire I to meet their wants anl to restore the funis they hive ol t mi 1 locally un IPI gre it pressure they might Su Julius thml s irrane,e a pi n which would njtbe ilistasttttil to existing holders lor instance tiny miclit issue debentuies bear nig 4J per cent interest tor live or seven yi ira und then convert into ¡H or 1 per cent I inscribed stock at such a price as would be favourable alike to the Government and the in \ L8 tors The London Gmety Company will give their farewell performance at the Princesas Theatre this evening Several spcoiul items are to be introduced into tne burlesque of " Miss Psmcralda," including many of the most popular songa from the other pieces in the Gaiety lepeiiotre Mr Lonnen will sing " I ve chucked up the push for the donah,' Mr Courtneidge will contribute uIhe man that wrote Ta ra ra boom de ay," and the Misses Leamai. Lethbridge, and Conyers will provide some of their specialities lo morrow evening **A Million of Money" will be played m Melbourne for the first time Ihe second "at home ' of the winter season was given at Government house lost night by His Licellenoy the Governor and Lad) Hopetoun lhere was a gather ing of about COO guests The ballroom, lounging rcoms, and vestibule were tastefully decomted with nil kinds of ornamental plants and How ers lferr Plook s band sup phed the music for the programme of 13 dances His Lxcelltnc) and Lady Hopetoun joined the company at*) ¿clock There was no opening set, the dance commencing with ft wait/ In the first lancers the Governor danced with Lad) Madden and Sir John Madden with Lady Hopetoun Refreshments were served throughout the evening in the annexe ort the ballroom Ihe programme was finished by half past 12 We have been informed that a man cal I mp himself "Mr Uicharls has been vlsitinj* nu eral café* and restaurants in the city und obtaining accommodation on thu strength of a btateminfc that lie Is emploi ed on our «tan and Is engaged in writing a series of articles on the eating houses in the cit> No such person is engaged on tho alan* oí 2/n, Aram, In responso to the appeal made In i At, Argun by Mrs Brodribb, on behalf of a widow in destitute circumstances who desires to co to ¡svdtiev, we havo rctehed the following additional subscriptions - A.HT, 10s Dorotb), 6s, "A Mother/ Yandoit, 5s , T , 2s. Gd Mr James Odell, examiner In tim money-order branch of the Qonerd l'ost-olllcc, was jesterday pre sented w ith a eombinulion spirit stand b) his brother oillecrs on tho occasion of his retirement irom the sen ice On \\\edncsday evening Mr James Reid, who was for some j ears secretary of the Pilot board, but latterly head of thu statistical branch of II M Customs was presented with a writing coso by the oillecrs of the branch The w eekly meeting of the executive committee of tho Charity Organisation Society was held on Tues day Mxt) li\ceaseswere ottered emploient during the week of which n0 accepted, 0 refused 1 can celled, and 2 are at present In abejonee Tweut) nine new cases were investigated A meeting of the Bimetallic I eague of 'S ¡etona will be held to night at Broken Hill Chambers, when Mr 1 boinas Harlin will read a paper entitled * Aiml>sm of the Bimetallic Debato in the House of Com mons ' The Victorian Shoithand writers' Association held a meetinir laut nlj,ht at Broken Hill Chamber*, Queen street. Mr Y dnianson presided and an nonnccd that a number of candidates for merni crship hail passed tho recent examination, and that the) were duly elected as members Mr A J Smart, one of the lice p esidenta. dclhercd a lecture on * Memor) ' Ihe association is making steady pro gross and is proving of treat advantage to its members Ihe inonthU meeting of the genera! committee of the Melbourne A then am m was held at the institute last night The secretary reported that 11 new members had Joined during the month, and that the receipts amounted to ¿10¿ 