MISCELLANEOUS. LONDON, February 3. A further shock of earthquake has been ex perienced at Zante in Greece. Ten thousand persons are reported to be homeless. The Admiralty has decided to victual the vessels of the Australian Auxiliary Squadron on New Zealand salt pork for one year as an experiment. The Address in reply has been passed by the House of Lords. It is now reported that Sir Henry Matthews, Secretary of Btato to the Home Department, had apparently arranged for the release of Callun and Egan, the Irish-American dynamiters, before leavinv office. London, February 4. The Belgian Government are considering a proposal for the construction of a ship canal from Brussels to the sea, a distance of about fifty miles. The cost of the pro jected work is estimated at £2,500,000. The Premier (M. Beernaert) is opposed to the direct canal scheme, and prefers that the canal should be constructed to connect Brussels with Bruges, a city eight miles from the German Ocean, and fifty-four miles north-west of Brussels. A telegram from Rome announces the death there of Monsignor Dillon, who for many years was one of the leading members of the Roman Catholic clergy in New South Wales, and by whose efforts the Church of St. Joseph's, in Balmain West, was ereoted. The title of Monsignor was conferred upon him on his visiting Rome on his return from New Sonth Wales. London, February 5. The French Government have informed the Sultan of Morocco that they hold him responsible for the attaok on French sub jects at Wazar in the Sultan's territories. London, February 6. Lord Brassey has been elected President of the Imperial Federation League. Several Australian bankers here are of opinion that if the colonial Bank of Aus tralasia took over the Federal Bank of Australia (which recently suspended pay ment) as a going concern a large propor tion of the British deposits would be easily retained. The election of a member of the House of Commons for the Cirencester Division of Gloucestershire has been declared void on account of an equality of votes. Four per cent of the shipment of frozen beef from Brisbane by the steamer Duke of West minster has arrived in a damaged condition. The mutton is, however, in good condition. The Khedive of Egypt met with a most enthu siastic reception on his tour to Ausonit to open tho railway there. The young King of Spain has now recovered from his recent illness. During a debate in the French Chamber of Deputies the Under Secretary for the Colonies spoke in favour of a revision of the laws of New Caledonia, and said the presence of criminals there prevented immigrants from going to the island. The Marquis of Salisbury, in a speech delivered at Liverpool last night, advocated the extension of the British Empire in order to prevent other Powers seizing lands at present uuoccupied. The Banca Assoceazone, at Florence, has failed, the liabilities being stated at 2,000,000 lire. The manager and cashier of the bank have been arrested. Lord Brabourno (formerly Sir Edward Knatoh bull-Hu«essen) died to-day, aged 64 years. London, February 7. Mr. G. M. Wilson, of Melbourne, has expressed himself in favour of a United Australasian team competing in the pro posed Pan-Britannio athletic contests in 1894. The drama "Becket," written by the late Lord Tennyson, was produced at the Lyceum Theatre last night, and proved to be a great dramatic, musical, and specta cular success. The steamship City of Pekin, which was* long overdue at San Francisco, has now arrived at that port. The United States Senate has rejected by 42 votes to 28 a motion in favour of considering tho repeal of the Silver Act. Baron Lazzaroni, who was recently arrested for being concerned in the scandals in connection with the Bank of Rome, has boen found to be indebted to the bank to the amount of 12,000,000 lire 0*480,000). Johnny Griffin, the American lightweight champion pugilist, defeated Billy Murphy, the Australian lightweight, in seven rounds, for the lightweight championship of America. Mr. J. Angus Sutherland is equipping an ex pedition to explore the unknown regions in Australia between the tracks of the expeditions of Gosseand Gile9, and also to search for relics of Leichhardt. It is announced that the Jewish Charitable Society ia sending this week 400 refugee Jews to Australia, and a further large contingent is to leave in a month. Mr. Philip Stanley has been elected member of the House of Commons for Burnley in place of Mr. Jabez Spencer Balfour, who resigned. News has beon received from the Argentine Republic that 3000 settlers at Santa Fe* have revolted against the wheat tax which has been imposed by the Government. Tha "Rnp«"i r>f Trade return" fm- tha month of January show that the British imports decreased by je5,»60,000, and the exports by £1,120,000, as compared with the corresponding month of last year. Additional shocks of earthquake have been experienced in the island of Zante. It is announced that tho Earl of Elgin has declined the appointment of Governor of New. South Wales in succession to Lord Jersey. It is stated that the American Commissioner for King Teburiem, the ruling chief of the Gilbert Islands, which wero recently annexed by Great Britain, has forwarded to Washington a protest against the British annexation, and asking the United States Government to annex the islands. London, February 8. _ Viscount Cranbourne, son of the Marquis of Salisbury, was eleoted unopposed to-day as member for Rochester, in plaoe of Alder man Horatio D. Davies (Conservative), who was unseated on petition. Mr. Michael Davitt, who was recently unseated for North Meath on the ground of undue priestly influence, was to-day returned unopposed for the North-eastern division of County Cork, in place of Mr. William O'Brien, who at the general elec tion was returned for both North-east Cork and Cork City, but deoided to sit as member for the city. Three additional shocks of earthquake were experienced in Zante while the mem bers of the royal family of Greece were on the island. Official accounts received from St. Petersburg confirm the previous reports that there had been a rapprochement between the Emperors of Russia, Germany, and Austria sinoe the recent visits of the: Cz are witch to Vienna and Berlin. The United States Senate has ratified the extradition treaty with Russia, which provides that any persons guilty of attempts to assassinate members of the Russian Im perial family shall be extradited without regard to the motives which actuated them in committing tbe crime. The Hon. W. H. Wilson, of Brisbane, has sailed for Australia by the R.M.S. Oceana. It has transpired that the Banca Romana, which recently failed, had expended 2,600,000 lire (£100,000) inside and outside Parliament in the promotion of bills. There has been a serious outbreak of oholera at Marseilles, and fifty deaths from the disease are reported to have occurred in four days. London, February 9. Violent shocks of earthquake continue at Zante, which has caused all the members of royalty to leave. In the French Chamber of Deputies the Government stated that New York had urged the annexation of Hawaii. An excited debate followed, many members believing the Government raised the debate with the object of screening M. Ronvier in connection with the Panama scandals. M. Bourgeoise replied, and angrily asserted his complete independence in the matter. The Agents-General for the various Aus* tralasian colonies wero entortained at a banquet last night by the Mercers' Company. Sir Saul Samuel, Agent-General for New South Wales, who was one of the principal speakers on the occasion, defended the colonies from what he stigmatised as the unjust and unwarranted attacks that had been made upon them by anonymous scribblers, and said that although caution was necessary with regard to future bor rowing, the colonies were well able to bear the burden they had undertaken. The £200,000,000 of English capital that had been spent in the colonies, he declared, had benefited the colonies and England alike, as the money had settled millions of people in Australia and built 12,000 miles of rail way lines. In response to a circular issued by the London directors of the Federal Bank of Australia, they have received the first batch of replies from depositors, represent ing a sum of £120,000, assenting to the voluntary liquidation of the bank, with Mr. Butt as liquidator, contingent upon the bank in Melbourne liquidating the claims of the small creditors, and presenting a petition for the compulsory winding up of the bank. Sir Saul Samuel, Agent-General for New South Wales, has appointed Mr. Valentine, a butter expert, to undertake the grading of New South Wales butter, and to super vise the industry generally. Her Majesty the Queen will start on her visit to Florence on the 15th Maroh. No less than 7000 people have applied for the 110 seats available in the Strangers' Gallery of the House of Commons in order to hear the Bight Hon. "W. E. Gladstone's speech when he introduces his Home Rule Bill. The bill introduced into the House of Commons by Mr. Coningsby Disraeli to regulate the sale of meat provides that all foreign meat shall be marked at the port of arrival. Twelve additional deaths have occurred at Marseilles from the epidemic now pre vailing there. The doctors are undecided as to the character of the epidemio, and attribute it to the laying of new sewers. Later. The condition of Marseilles in connection with the choleraic outbreak there is re ported to be improving. Mr. Justice Sterling has decided, on ap peal, that the " Missing Word" competition conducted by a number of papers, and for which the proprietors were prosecuted, is a lottery, and therefore illegal. In connection with the extensive strike of cotton operatives in Lancashire, the cotton masters now propose to effect a general stoppage of the mills, with the ob ject of depriving those operatives who are at present working of the ability to afford financial assistance to the men on strike. Violent shocks of earthquake continue to be experienced in Zante. All the members of the Greek royal family have now left the island. The steamer Trinacria, of the Anchor Line, has been wrecked at Corona, on the Spanish coast, at exaotly the same spot as that on which H.M.S. Serpent was lost. Thirty-seven of tho crew of the Trinacria were drowned. Tbo Dailn Telegraph states that it is believed ia official circles that tbe Earl of Kintore, Governor of South Australia, will shortly resign. Tho United Btatea House of Representatives has blocked the Silver Bill. The Opera of "Fslstaff," by the veteran composer Verdi, has been produced at Milan with enormous success. London, February 10. Fifteen per cent of the shipment of frozen beef from j Brisbane by the steamer Duke of Westminster has been found to be damaged. Tbo death is announced of Mr. Louis John Jennings, M.P. for Stockport, and one of the Deputy Chairmen of Committees of the House of Commons, aged 66 years. The death is also announced of Lieutenant-General Sir Thomas Durand Baker, X.C.8., aged 66 years. Information has been reoeived of a terrible disaster to the Norwegian fishing fleet at the Wooffotten Islands. The greater part of the fleet was destroyed by a hurrioaue, and 123 flshermen drowned. H. C. and W. Barker, the bankers who recently failed and have now been arrested, are charged with having obtained sums amounting to £500,000 through circulating a false pamphlet stating that the bank was solid when it was really insolvent. The eleotion of a member of Parliament for Halifax in plaoe of the late Thomas Bhaw took plaoe yester day, and resulted in the return of Mr. Shaw (Glad stonian Liberal), son of the late member, who de feated the Conservative candidate by a majority of 868, and the Labour candidate by 1589 votes. The Canadian Government have agreed to with draw their objection to the Bond-Blame treaty between Newfoundland and the United States If the Dominion fails to conclude a reciprocity treaty with the United States by August next. A disastrous fire occurred in 'a lunatic asylum at Dover, in New Hampshire (U.S.A.), and forty- four of the patients wore burned to doath before they could be rescued. The election of a member of tho House of Commons for Walsall, in place of Mr. F. James, who was unseated on petition, took place yesterday, and resulted in the return of Mr. Hayter (Gladstonion Liberal), who polled 5285 votes, his opponent, Mr. C. T. Ritchie, who held office as president of the Local Government Board in the late Salis bury Ministry, and was defeated at the general election, polling 5156. [At the recent general eleotion the polling for Walsall was as follows:—F. Jauies (Con servative), 5226 E. T. Holden (Gladstonian Liberal), 4989.] London, February 11. Professor Wallace, in a paper on " Australian Agri culture" read before the Royal Colonial Institute last night, prodicts that Australian crossbred sheep will soon be found equally suitable for the European market with the New Zealand sheep. The limit of increaso in the production of beef in Amerioa, ho declared, was not at present within range of vision. Rngurding colonial butter, he said the butter pro duced by the grass-fed cows in the colonies would soon Burpass tbo best Danish in quality. The exports of iron to Australia for the month of January show a decrease in value of £07,000 as com pared with the corresponding month of last year. Aftor trying for four yean> to obtain a meeting, the Australian Committee of the London Chamber of Oommeroe to-day had an amicable discussion with eight leading shipowners on tbe subjeot of the adoption of a new bill of lading. The meeting was then adjourned until tho Ist March in order to enable the shipowners to consider the proposals laid before tbom by the committee. Terrible storms have been experienced in the Atlantic, and news has just been reoeived that twelve persons, including the captain, were washed over board from the steamship Pomeranian, of the Allan line. Nvwn has been received that a British man-of-war has succeeded in quelling the outbreak of the Somali natives at Kismaya on the north-east coast of Africa, aftor a sharp engagement, in whioh forty of the natives were killed. It appears that the Somalia attempted to assassinate tbo British Resident. English depositors in the Federal Bank of Australia, reiposentlug a sum of over £260,000, have given their 9*9 i in favour of tho voluntary winding up of the bank. Iv connection with the " missing word" prosecutions it has been decided that Mr. Pearson shall reoeive baok the £26,000 im pounded by the court, his promise being given to expend the amount in an honourable manner. [Summing up tbe situation with reference to the legal repression of the " missing word" competition, the Daily Chronicle ot ICth December said:—"The City Solicitor must feel himself in a nice little dilemma. He has ordered Mr. C. A. Pearson (of Pearson's Weekly) not to pay the £24,000 due to the winners of the last 'missing word competi tion.' Of oourse Mr. Pearson obeys, and the money lies in the Bank of England. But what is to be done with it? The first suggestion that occurs is, return it to the subscribers. Supposing, however, that the coupons of the unsuccessful investors have been kept, that process will make Mr. Pearson a poetio viotim of his own gambling scheme. There were 480,000 shillings sent in. The postage on these back to their owners would be just £2000. Tbe postal orders to convey them would, at a halfpenny each, oost £1000. But eaoh subscriber, in forwarding them, also paid the same sum ot lAd., whioh, if Mr. Pearson is bound to recoup his subscribers, will make another £3000. Finally if the oost of the papers bought under conditions which have not been fulfilled must also be returned, another £2000 will have to go. Supposing, however, the unsuccessful coupons have been destroyed; what then ? Either the winners must be paid, or else the money must be forfeited as money seized on a gambling table would be. But then the 480,000 partici pators ought to be prosecuted also, it is a pretty kettle of fish for the oity solicitor." It is reported that there were reoeived on 16th Deoember, at Mr. Pearson's offioes, a number of letters and telegrams threatening all sorts of penalties should the money, which has been impounded by the oity solicitor, be dealt with otherwise than according to striot legal orders.] London, February IS. The Rev. Dr. Adler, the English Chief Rabbi, has assured Sir John Bray, Agent-General for South Australia, that there is no intention of sending desti tute Jews to Australia as recently reported. The choleraic outbreak at Marseilles has now entirely abated, snd the officials are granting clean bills of health to vessels leaving that port. Londok, February 18. Sir George Baden Powell, in a letter to the Times, published this morning, suggests that assistance should be rendered to the sufferers from the recent disastrous floods in Queensland. The bondholder* of the Oamara (New Zealand) harbour loans have signed an agreement in which they consent to receive 5 per cent interest until the new consoli dated corporation loan of £175,000 has been ssued. Notwithstanding that the authorities at Marseilles are giving clean bills of health to vessels leaving that port, the recent epidemio having been supposed to have completely disappeared, eight deaths sus pected to have been caused by choleraic disease occurred at Marseilles on Sunday. The Rome correspondent of the Daily Chronicle states that the doouments which have been seized show that over 100 members of the Italian Chamber of Deputies are implicated in the scandals in connection with the Banes Bomana. It is stated that 2000 Icelanders are abont to emigrate to Manitoba, and the whole population. of the island are anxious to follow. The Financial Times, in an article pub lished to-day, Bays that the report of the English and Australian Mortgage Bank shows a scandalous state of affairs. There has been wholesale trickery and deceit, and it is imperative that the directors should be prosecuted. * Mr. Grover Cleveland, who assumes office aa President of the United States on the 4th March, has appointed Mr. Gresham as his Secretary of State, and Mr. Carlisle as Secretary to the Treasury. News has been received from South Africa of destructive floods having occurred in the Transvaal. The mines there have been inundated by the floodwaters, & number of houses demolished, and the rail way line wrecked.. The New South Wales Government have advertised that applications are invited for £726,000 worth of Treasury bills, bearing 4 per cent interost, the minimum price to be par and the accrued* interest. Applications will close on the 25th instant, and the payments are to be made by the Ist March. Lieutenant Leonard Llewellyn Harper, R.A., has been appointed artillery officer to the Queensland Defence Force, and will sail for Australia by the R.M.S. Ormuz, leaving London on the 24th instant. The shipment of New Zealand cheese by the Eaikoura has arrived in good condition, and is selling at 545. per owt. The shipment of frozen mutton per Elderslie, from Melbourne, has boen examined and found to be in good condi tion- Muoh comment is being caused by the faot that New Zealand is the only oolony whioh is not preparing a court in the Imperial Institute, whioh is to be formally opened by the Queen shortly. London, February 14. The eleotion of a member of the House of Commons for Pontefraot in place of the late member, the Hon. R. Winn (Conserva tive), took place to-day, and resulted in the return of Mr. Beokitt, the polling being as follows: — Beokitt (Gladstonian Liberal), 1228; Shaw (Conservative), 1165. Speaking at a banquet in Paris last night, the Marquis of Dufferin, British Ambas sador, made reference to the unprecedented manner in whioh foreign ambassadors were being gibbeted by the Paris Press. The Times to-day says it is a growing difficulty to find colonial Governors of rank, especially if they are required to " boom" the colony to which they are appointed. The finances of Victoria are not in a healthy condition, yet Lord Hopetoun, at the recent mayoral banquet in Melbourne, on the statements of his Ministers, denied the charges that had been made by financial critics. Pom Said, February 2. The Q.R.M.a India, from Brisbane 90th Deoember, left Port Said for London to-day, one day in advanoe of contraot time. Naples, February 7. The Q.B.M.S. India, from Brisbane 20th Deoember, left Naples for London to-day. Batavia, February 9. The Q.R.M.S. Dorunda, from Brisbane 17th January, left Batavia to-day for London. 