THE ICELAND EXODUS. (Standard.) The familiar report that the Icelanders are on the eve of emigrating on masse to Canada and other parts of America is once more gaining currency. We may, however, doubt the accuracy of the story. For though the population of the island and" has been steadily diminishing during the last twenty years, by constant drainage to the New World, it still comprises nearly 70,000 people. To carry this number across the Atlantic, and to find land for a third of them, is emphatically " a large order." It would tax both Canada and the United States, unless the Mackenzie River Valley is to be settled by the one, and Alaska by the other. And, above all, such is the Icelanders love of home, and, in spite of poverty and hard- ship, his pride in the history and literature of his native land, that it is questionable whether (he inducements to emigrate are sufficient to tempt him away. Still, it is undeniable that Iceland is not thriving. The resources of the island, not great at the best, cannot support more than a small population. And, indeed, had it not been for the trade opened up with Scotland, chiefly in sheep, ponies, dried fish, wool, tallow, order down, shark oil, feathers, and sulphur, this northern possession of Denmark could never have enjoyed even its present moderate prosperity. 'The influx of summer tourists has also had a notable influence on the condition of the people. 'Those holiday-makers leave a great deal of money behind them, and, by accustoming the islanders to intercourse with the outer world, help to rub off their angularities, and to moderate the Chauvinism which, though a most harmless characteristic of the natives, has done not a little to retard the progress of one of the kindliest and most cultured races on the face of the earth. The majority of the tourists do not, however, go much further than Reykjavik, and from there to the Geysers, and back again. It is this part of iceland which is most familiar to our countrymen, who form the bulk of the visitors, and it is from the people in this southern district that foreigners form their opinion of the folk at large. In reality, the Icelanders as a whole are better than the samples there soon. They may not in other parts of the island speak English with Bitch audacity, or be hail-follows wall-met, as in the main street of the little capital. But in almost any part of the inhabited districts the courteous visitor especially if he possesses a little Danish may find the utmost hospitality, and loss eagerness to make the most out of him than the presence of the foreigner has so rapidly developed in simple-minded Scandinavia. Even if the "reader" is ignorant of Danish or Icelandic-which is the old form of Nurse -he will seldom be roducedtotholnnguago of signs. A " Kandidat," fresh from Reykjavik College, or, it may be, from the University of Copenhagen, will talk to him in Latin unless he may have grown too rusty to keep up a conversation in any dead tongue, or, thanks to the conservatism of our public schools, pronounces the ancient speech so strangely that he is forced to converse for an evening in the "pi'uistogtiard" by exchanging remarks' with his host in writing. Iceland has always been a land of learned men, and to this day erudite Icelanders may be found in almost every University of Europe. In no country is a scholar held in so high esteem. The tourist is conscious that the respect of his farmer host rises perceptibly when he learns that the stranger is a " student," and, if he only stayed long enough, the "pastor" will be sent for to discourse with, and possibly sample the quality of the "Englander" who is known to be a Cambridge doctor, or a professor in that ancient University which has given a home to one of the host's learned countrymen. Even the "postman" and the "passman" find, for the first time, their undistinguished degrees held in some esteem. Danish is, of course, known to most of the better educated Icelanders, and both German and English are growing more general among a people all of whom can read and write. A glance at many a farmer's bookshelf will be a revelation to the tourist who has not made himself acquainted with the history of this isolated branch of the Scandinavians. In a kitchen which, so far as material comforts are concerned, is inferior to that of many a British labourer, he will discover a man, much poorer than the English yeoman (who finds the " Complete Farrier" and an almanac sufficient for his intellectual nutri- ment), the owner of works on history, science, and philosophy. Northern publishers always reckon on a steady sale for any new book in Iceland, and sometimes find it profitable to bring out Icelandic translations. These transla- tions are seldom novels, but treatises on natural history and other abstruse subjects, and a recent visitor to the remoter parts of the island was surprised to find among the peasants' little libraries versions of a work which in the English original was by no means a fortune to its publisher. A people of this character ought to be a valuable acquisition to any country. It would be I cruel tonsktliein to stay at home if they can better their condition' by going abroad, though, at the same time, no one would care to see the land of the Vikings and the Sagamon deserted by the best of its people. It the desire to emigrate continues. Canada will, no doubt, be fortunate in receiving the greater number of those voluntary exiles. Its climate suits them better than any other portion of America, 2 and already there are little colonies of a Icelanders scattered over the north-west and other portions of the Dominion. Their treatment by the Government has been so good, and their prosperity so great, that to their favourable letters home may be attributed the impetus to immigration, which this spring threatens to he so general that rumour affirms that " the entire island is likely to be deserted." It is quite a mistake to imagine that the Icelanders are ever called upon to endure a cold equal to that of many parts of inland Canada and the United States during almost any winter. During February, for instance, the thermometer at Assiniboia | registered 7deg. below zero, and at Edmonton, in the North-West Territory, a I minus of sixty was reported. Nothing like ' this is known in Iceland. The very name of the island is a misnomer, just as much as that of Greenland is. Snow and glaciers there are, no doubt, just as there are vast fields of lava and volcanoes, the fires of which are not yet extinct. But, except on rare occasions, when the Spitzbergen and East Greenland ice is driven by the winds against the Northern Coast bringing cold and fogs in summer, and polar bears which j play _ havoc with the flocks-sea ice is practically unknown in Iceland. Thanks to the Gulf Stream, the climate of the southern parts of the island, with the exception that it is rather colder, I closely resembles that of the North of Scotland; and the northerly districts, though the temperature is naturally lower, are not so wet. Thunderstorms are rare, and, strangely enough, usually occur" in winter, when the temperature is mild for the latitude. The" mean is about Sales. above the freezing point, but there are, of course, exceptional frosts, and variations that in a single month will range through twenty-seven degrees. As a whole, however, if the climate of Iceland is neither so hot nor so cold as that of any part of the settled area of 24 North America, its average is lower. It may not know the meaning of (50deg. below zero, but, on the other hand, 100deg. in the shade is a record which does not appear among the Reykjavik meteorological returns. Nor can the Icelanders grow maize, grapes, tomatoes, or pumpkins during their brief Summer, as the Mimi robins do with ease. They cannot even grow grain. A kind of wild oats is the only cereal which is soon in Iceland. But cabbages, potatoes, turnips and carrots come to perfection. As the birch alone attains to oven 12ft or 15ft., fruit trees are not among the inmates of a Reykjavik garden. Grass, however, nourishes, and it is to grass that the Icelandic crofter (who is what the Scottish crofter was intended to be, but generally is not, a fisherman also looks for his profits. AVhcrovor a little pasture is to be found, there the horned sheep may be soon grazing against the time who" .''-" Leith steamers arrive to carry the surplus South. Dwarfish cows are also among the Northern fishermen's stock, and little shaggy ponies-uiifortnnatoly in such done all that, like the Shetland once, they are becoming deteriorated-completo the list of four" legged animals which the farmer has to sell. Most of (the Icelandic trade is now done with Scotland. English f.poi'tsiuon rent its host rivers for a few week s' sport in summer, and English tourists are the most numerous and the most welcome of visitors to the homely farms, where the quaintly attired girls seem to be for ever weaving the " Mathinna" on old-fashioned looms for the clothing of their men-folk. 