-Sttesraylttc Jteto£ GENERAL CABLE NEWS [by submakike cable.] [From our own Correspondent.] LOXDOX. Jamiarv2-5. » 3Ir. Newman, a director of one of the companies having transactions with the Liberator Building Society, lias been charged -with conspiring with J. G. 'Tight, the late solicitor of the society, to defraud the sliareholders of £2,500. Messrs. Nelson Bros., New Zealand merchants, of Dowgate Hill and Upper ihames-street, London, Iiave declared a dividend of 0 per cent, on last year's operations. The Ireneh Chamber of Deputies, by a majority of 121, have passed a Bill em powering the establishment of a secret service fund, M. Ribot, the Premier' ' having affirmed such a fund to be neces sary to the stability of the republic. It is considered probable that the United States Congress will pass the Immigration Bill put forward in the House of Representatives as an alterna tive to that proposed .by the Senate's committee, and now dropped. 'Whilst the latter measure suspended immigra tion absolutely for one year the former empowers the President to suspend immigration whenever he deems it neces 'sary in order to prevent the entrance of contagious diseases into the States. U Major-General Edward O. Hewett,' C.M.Gr., of the Royal Engineers, has been nominated to the position, o^ Commandant of the New South Wales military forces, lately rendered vacant by the retirement of Major-General Richard son. J; The death is announced from Gibraltar of the Hon. Patrick Maurice Hely Hutchinson, son of the fourth Earl o£ Donoughmore, born 1855 ; retired lieu tenant; R.N., who served in the Zulu war' and the Egyptian campaign, and was formerly second in command of the Victorian naval forces. - i4 Loxdox, January 28. % The Conservatives have given notice, of another amendment to the address in reply in the Imperial Parliament, con demning tbe release of Egan, the dyna* miter. - ' k ^The Queensland Meat Preserving Company gave a dinner at the HoteJ Metropole last evening in order to introj-, duce the industry to the notice of traders and capitalists. Only Queensland meats were provided. Sir J. F. Gamick, Agent-. General, presided, and the guests in cluded Sir Robert Herbert. ] Mr. Weddell, who is interested in the industry, stated that it now gave every promise of becoming the national industry of Queensland. The speakers were en thusiastic about the future of the trade. ^ An article by Lord Augustus Loftusi formerly Governor of New South Wales; appears in the latest issue of the Nine' teenth Century, in which a proposal ia made for a British free-trade ZoflvereinJ which would include the British colonies and would permit of the adoption of A hostile- tariff against foreigners. The ?writer suggests the formation of a Com mercial Parliament/ to be elected tri ennially by commercial men throughout) the Empire. Losdos, January 29. ? The French and Canadian Government^ are stated to have agreed to the establish ing of reciprocal trade relations, each country applying to the other the mini mum tariff. ' | The Mahdists at Abba, a district on the' Isile, have revolted against the authority, of the Khalifa at Khartoum, who ha^ sent a strong force to quell the rising. Losdok, January 30. « A serious riot occurred in Madrid on Sunday as a protest T5y -the rabble against the opening of a Protestant Ohurch hi that city. The soldiery were called out' to disperse* the rioters. ' ' ! Sir. J. Spencer Balfour, late member of the House of Commons for Burnley^ who absconded a few weeks ago in order to avoid arrest for embezzling the funds of the Liberator Building Society, of; ?which he was a director, is reported tar have reached Mexico, and steps are being taken to secure his arrest and extradition.1 The colonial butter by the P. & O7 mail steamer Arcadia, which arrived last week, is in good condition. Sales have been made at 104s. per cwt., or 7s. lower than last quotations for factory, and a.\ 93s., or 5s. lower than last quotations for dairy made. The decline is owing to the large quantities of Australian and Danish butter in the market. il The half-yearly meeting of the Union Bank of Australia was held at the head office, Bank Buildings, Lothbury, Lon-{ don, to-day. The chairman stated, that the coin and reserves amounted to* £3,250,000, and that the recent amalga mation with the Bank of South Aus-( tralia had proved profitable to the Union* Bank. j Lokdox, January 31. ;; The Duke of Westminster's cargo o£ frozen' mean from Brisbane November,' 19, has been submitted to auction. Fore-; quarters of mutton, ?which were in goooV. condition, realised 2^d. to 3d. per lb., and^ hindquarters, which were in fair condi-' tion, 3Jd. ,' The Chinese Government have de-, manded the British evacuation of Sadon^ in Burmali, which now serves as a base of operations against the Chin tribes. ^ : A new coinage of gold pieces having V value of £5 is projected. The coins will' be in appearance similar to those issued' on the occasion of the Queen's jubilee. / ; His Imperial Majesty the Emperor of' Germany lias received an invitation to be present at the marriage of H.R.H. the' Duke of York, only surviving son of the' Prince of Wales to the Princess Victoria. Mary of Teck, -who was betrothed to bis' elder brother, the late Duke of Clarence, and Avondale. . \ A large number of unemployed^ proceeded to the House of Commons^' this evening singing 'The Starving Poor-' of England.' AYhen near Parliament* House they vrere met by a body of police and after a short struggle were dispersed. Some of the leaders were arrested. London, January 31, 1.15. p.m. f The steamer City of Pekin, a Pacific liner, is posted at Lloyd's as missing. ? . l Lo-- don, February 1. ': The Daily Neu-s reports that the an«; ? nouncement of the Melbourne metro* ' politan loan has had a depressing effect ' on colonial stocks. It states that Mel* bourne bonds to the amount of £500,000^ paying interest at 5 per cent, and under* written at £98, were lately offered in London at par without success, and It ex.-. presses a fear that the loan will have the ' effect of breaking prices. 