FOREIGN TELEGRAMS. London, Feb. 8. The death ia announced of Miss Reo vick, daughter ot Dr. Ben «rick, the Commissioner for New South Wales at tao Chicago Exhibition. She died on board a mail steamer while passing through the Bed Sea. Four haadred bags of Queensland sugar, syrups, have been acid at 12s. 6d London, Feb. 9. Sir Edward Bead, H.P. for Cardiff, and who recently wrote a letter on the Home Bule question which attracted much attention, because of .ts hostile tone towards the Government, ha) now, it is stated, accepted a Gjverament appointment. This will necessitate his resignation as M.P. for Caiti ff, for which town he was, elected as a Glasston ¡an Liberal. The statement that Sir Edward Beed has aooepted a Government appoint- ment is wholly without foundation. The Agents General were eu ter tai ned at dinner by the Mercer's Company last night. Sir Saul Samuel, Agent G merni for Ne« South Wales, availed himself of the opportunity to vigorously defend Colonial borrowing. He protested against tho unjust and na warrant ed attacks of i anonymous scribblers. He admitted that caution was necessary with regard to i borrowing tn the future, bat he declared that the colonies wore well able to bear the burden they had undertaken. The two ' hundred millions which had been spent had benefited England and the 'colonies alike. Tho money had settled [ millions in Australia and had built 12,000 miles of railway. . At tba. wool sales to-day there was fair competition, but no change lu prices. Wool from the following stations sold as nuder :-Mitchell Downs, 82-d. per lb.; I Glencoe, lld. I Violent shocks of earthquake oootioue to fae felt at g into. The King and I j Queen of Greeoe have left the island. Sir Saul Samuel, Agent General for New South Wales, has appointed Mr. Valentioe, a butter aiport, to report on the grading of the. New South Wales batter sent to England. He will also repart on the prospecta of the butter industry generally. The shares of the English, Scottish land Australian Chartere^ 3$»uk 1 are quoted at £15^. ' ' ' i Th© (totten masters In Lancashire pro jpoBe to arraugo for à general stoppage of ! work. By this meaus they will deprive the workers of their ability to finance the strikers, aud thus they expect to bring the strike to an end. Victorian 3g .par ceo^. ^naoribed stock, »re quoted, at, ¿É89 5.3. Four per cents. ; are quoted at £100 15s. ; Mr. Jastic! Sterling Ijas (Jaolared. the ! missing ward, competitions to be of the aatn.ro af latteries, and therefore illegal. j The Queen will leave England for Florence on tba 15th March. I The visible supply of wheat and flour 106,500,000 quarters, I London, íjjpb. 9. Mesara.. H.. Ck ano) W. Barker, hankers, who recently failed, have bean arrested en a charge of obtaining money by fraud. London, Feb. 16, The Mesara. Barker are charged with obtaining £500,000 'through circulating false pamphlets, stating that their bank was solvent when it was insolvent. , . Bradford tops are hardening. Cross breds are slightly' highe^ a^u\ merinos are unchanged. I The ^pateajfl election, has resulted in the return of MK Hayter, the 'Glad steniaa oandidate. The polling was as follows : : Mr. Hayter (G.L.). 5 235 Bight Hon. C. T. Bitohio (C.) 5,15£ Majority for Mr. Hayter... 79 [At the general election last year the Con- servative candidate. Mr. F. James, was re- tuned by a majority of 237, and his election was a gain for the Conservative«. Mr. James was, however, unseated on petition, and henoe the preBeqtj^eeJJon.J landon, Feb. 10. i The Halifax elaetien has 'resulted in the retará ot the Gladstonian eandidsU, MK Shaw/ who iv' a eon of the late mémber. Hie majority %aa SSS over tbtt OoTiflemUve eanoidate and 89 over tn kbonr Candidate. The election makes DO "change in the atreagth of parties In the House of Ooramons. - " \- »? }..« - ' . Ia the House of Ooaimons, last night, Mr. Redmond's amendment to the Address-in-Reply, demanding the release of the dynamiters and other " political" prisoners, tras rejected bj a majority of 316, the voting being, for the amend ment 81 and against 397. In the debate on the amendment, the Heme Secretary, Mr. Asquith, made a noticeable speech. He declared that th» dynamiters were guilty of a most h.inoua crime, and would never receive from him treatment different to that accorded to other criminals. In moving his amendment to the address-in-reply, M«\ Redmond de- manded (ho release of the fourteen dynamiters on the ground that they Wt-r« political offender?. Their guilt, ho said, was dnbious, and even if they wore guilty they bad been punished enough already. Mr. Asquith, iu replying to Mr. Redmond, said that (he terribly reckloss methods of the dynamiters plaoed them without the pale of politioal offmd'rs. The Government must at all risks refuse indulgence to such criminals. Mr. Balfour also spoke. He highly commended (lie courage disp'ayed by the Government in refuing t*> displiy leniency to the dynamiters. The Daily Telegraph stales that in official circles it is believed that the Earl nf Kintore will shortly resign the Governorship of South Australia. The Federal Bank* officials here have recdived the first batch of replies from depositors to a oircular issued by the dirootors. The replies represent deposits to the amount of £120,000, and they assent to the Bank's affairs being placid in voluntary liquidation, with Mr. Butt as liquidator. This assent is given eon tigeut on the shareholders iu Victoria also consenting to liquidation. One small creditor is petitioning fer the compulsory winding-tip of the Biak. The death is announced of Major General Sir Thomas Durand Biker, and Mr. L. J. Jennings, M.P. for Stockport. Tremendous interest is being taken in the forthcoming introduction of the Irish ¡ Home Rule Bill by Mr. Gladstone in the j House of Gommons. Seven thousand applications have been received for seats in the Strangers' Galgary. The gallery is only capable, of seating "110 persons,. The Court ol .Appeal hat sentenced j M.M. ferdinand and Oharles de Lesseps Ito fire years imprisonment, and to a fine of 5,000 francs (£200) each, and has sentenced M. Fontaup, and Baron Gottu to two years imprisonment and a fine of 3,000 francs (£120) each. All the four direetors were sentenced fer breach of trust, li. Ejffiel, the well-known con. Íraatav, has been sentenced to two years , mprisonm -nt and a fine of $Q,0,QQ francs (i&OO;). Hi¿ef|euce was breach of trust infusing for bia awn purposes menoy re 'oeived on fteoouat of a contract in con- nection with the coub'.ruetiou of the canal. The eeutenees on the Panama directors have created a great sensation,. The Gonrt held, that frat^d had. been proved by the mendacity associated with the Company's various loan issues. It declared, also, that the directors had con- stantly concealed the truth, and it pro. nounced that the operations of the under, writing syndicates wera fictitious. M. Eiffel was acquitted of fraud, but was convicted of breach of trust because ¡he received 120,000,000francs (£4.8,0,0, 000) for works on the cana,!, rçhiçh be never completed, ! M. ff'MB notice of appeal l$to tine Qeqrt of Cassation. M.. Roavier was acquitted becanse no ieonneetton was detected between a cheque for 50,000 francs (,£2,000) received from ¡M. Ylasto, Baron Reinaoh'a agent, sud M. Beuviei's vote en the Lottery Bill. lt- de Blowita, the Paris correspondent of the Times, declares that the sentences passed on M. M. Ferdinand and Charles «de Lesseps, and M. Fontane at ; c. «¿I. Nona of the accused, ha says, had. ever shown an actual paratea} interest ia the ¡Canal Qemp^ny. He acenses the Court of having played.to the gallery. 'jMf Ferdinand de Lesseps will probably ba pardoned* Canada agrees to withdraw heç. ob- jection to the Bond. Blaine Treaty, be- tween NewfqunàWd apd America, if the Dominion fails to conclude a Reciprocity Treaty, with America by August. A Norwegian fishing fleet has bees destroyed at Waff olen Islands. Ono hun- dred and twenty-three fishermen were The United States Hons« of Repre sentatives bas blocked the Silver Bil). The Second Battalion of the South Staffordshire Regiment, noir stationed at Aldershot, has received orders to proceed to Egypt next week. The American flag has been hoisted at the Palace at Honolulu, pending President Harrison's decision as to the course to be adopted by the United States in regard to Hawaii. The Hawaiians are opposing the new Government. Verdi's new opera, Falstaff^ was pro- duced yesterday at Milan. It proved an enormous success. London, Feb. 9. A deputation, representing the Im- perial Federation League, waited on the Post nias tor-General, Mr. Arnold Morley, yesterday, for the purpose of asking for the adoption of ocean penny postage. Mr. Morley stated, in reply, that it was impossible to establish the ocean penny postage without the consent of the Postal Union. Later. In his reply to tho deputation from the Imperial Federation League, Mr. Arnold Morloy denied that the Government bad ; arrived at any conclusion, in favour of ocean penny postage.. Personally, he ! was not hostMa to the project, nor did he regard the financial difficulties as serious, nor the administrative ones as insuperable. It would, however, be es- sential for the colonies to agree to the change, and he was disposed to think that they were averse to any further redaction at present. Moreover, the question could not be raised* until tho next Postal Union Convention in 1897, aa the proposal was in direct opposition to the distinct pledges given by the British représentatives at the Postal Union Convention in 1891. London* Felt. ll. In his reply to the deputation from the Imperial Federation League, Mr. Arnold Morley said that until there WAS a change of feeling in the colonies res- pecting the reduction of ocean postage, it was impossible, fer Great Britain to propose the adppjblon of ocean penny postage. To i do so would be to, act in opposition to the (pledges, given hy the colonies on ad Í mission to the Postal Union. If Great Britain reduced the ocean postage to a penny, the colonies would have the right to surcharge all letters double the amount of the postage, in order to majqe, up the deficiency. West Afrailan 4; per cenia, inscribed stock, arjs quoted at 4105. The Khédive, Abbas Pasha* has re- turned to Cairo, after his visit to the Provinces,. Oowing to the indifference of the 1 foreign powers to the fate of Hawaii, and the Queen of Hawaii's proposal to sell her sovereign rights to, the Uavted States, the feeling in favour of the an- nexation of the. country is. increasing. A paper on,, Australasian, agriculture has been read before- the Boyal Colonial Institute by Professor Wallaee. The ! Professor expressed the opinion that the Australian crossbred sheep would soon be as suitable for the European market as those from New ^ealanl. He con- ' aidered that the limit to the increase of American beef production was not yet within the rauge of vision, Tjha colonial butter made front, the cream of grass-fed cows would, he said, soon surpass the best Danish butter, parcels of Australian wheat, .February and March shipments, are selling at 31s. per quarter, Stearine candles aro quoied at 6Jd. per lb. In the House of Commons, yesterday, M,r, Pritchard Morgan, withdrew his amendment to the address-iu-reply, re- commending the appointment of a Minister of Mines,, on Sir W.illiara Har- court promising to consider the sugges- tion. In the House.of Commons, last night, Mr. James Lowther'« amendment to the address-in-reply,. in favour of re- stricting the immigration.into.the United Kingdom, of destitute aliens, came on for discussion. Mjr. Gladstone said that the question raised by Mr. Lswther was an immature, one and full of di/Tu nlty. He dwelt en the number of British immigrant« to foreign countries^ and said tb&t; if-foreign immigrants were kept out, there was.a possibility of a policy of retaliation being adopted. He mentioned that the Labour Department of the Board of Trade had already seat an agonjt to the. United Skates to enquire into the American system ef restriction. The Goreniment* were,, he paid, willing to appoint a Oom» mittee.to consider the question. Sir Charles Dilke also spoke, for tho first time .sinoe.his re-election. He said that he thonght -. the evils of foreign im- migration had been exaggerated. London, Feb. 12: Mr. James Lowlher's amendment ttl the address-in-reply, in favour of placing restrictions upon the immigration of destitute aliens, has been rejected by . majority of 115. The House of Commons has voted the) address-in-reply. A great scone occurred ia the House of Commons, yesterday, between Mr Gladstone and Mr. Balfour. Mr. Glad« 6tone strongly resented a jest of Mr« Balfour's regarding his, Mr. Gladstone's, increasing age. Eventually Mr. Balfour withdrew his remark. The speech of the Home Secretary. Mr. Asquith, in the House of Commons, deneuncing the dynamiters, has bitterly exasperated the Parnellite members. Daring last January iron to the value i of ¿^97,000 was exported from thu ! Quited Kingdom to Australasia. ; A British warship has suppressed tho ! revolt ia Somalilaad, on the East coast i of Africa. Forty of the Somalis were killed. They endeavoured to assassinate the British Resident, After trying to obtain a meeting for the last four years, the Australian com» mittee of the London Chamber of Cern* ? meroe has amicably discussed with eight leading Australian shipowners the bill of lading ia ase ia the Australian trade» The meeting was adjourned until March 1st, so as to enable tho shipowners to» consider the committee's proposals. The tallow market is very excited. There is a strong demand, and the average* ¡price show an advance all round ot eighteen penoc Depositors representing £250,000 ara» ia favour of the Federal Bank of Ana* traita going into voluntary liquidation. . The Paris newspapers are protesting ! against the infliction of the maxiraunv penalty upon the de Lesseps, father and ion. They clamour for the complete» pardon of Ferdinand De Lesseps., JQt is» stated that he is imbecile, and anoon** scions of the sentence passed upon bia*. Landon, Fab. IK Ferdinand de Lesseps is in a stator off ( ooma, and he is quito ignorant of the* seit« ' tence nassed anon him. London, Feb. 12. M. M. Charles de Lesseps, Fontane, Eiffel, and Baron Cotta have appealed against the decision of the Court ia regard to the charges, brought against them in connection, with tho Panama, scandal. Sir John Bray, Agent-General for ' South Australia, bas made enquiries from Dr. BÇermann Adler, Chief Rabbi ot th» j J,ews in England, with respect, to tho ?reported despatch of 400 Jewish refugee» to Australia. Dr. Adie* has assured bim* that there is no intention' of sending; destitute Jews to Australia. Sir J;onn Thompson, Premier of Canadflv 1 has promised that tho Dominion Parlia« ment will vote a sum of money for tho > relief; of, the sufferers by the floods in i Queensland, should the details of tho [disaster show that such assistance- ie> required. The Einanciw has published' Mr~ Aaron's reply to. Lord Kilmorey's attack on the Sydney direction of the Wentworth Proprietary Gold-mining Company.. The shares of the English Scottish* and Australian Chartered Batik- are* quoted at £16. Fifteen per cent, ol the cargo of frozen* beef, from Brisbane by the s-.s. Düke ojf We6tmin$ev>.ht& been damaged. Choice factory butter from Kew Zealand by the s.s. Kaikoura^is selling at 104s. Dairy butter ia-sailing at 90sv j At the wool sales tooday, prices wer» slightly in buyers'1 favour, but campefei~ tion.by the American buyers was weaber.. Wool from the following stations sold aa i under : Breeya 7fd. per lb., Nive Down» 9fcd., Struen 13d" Koolomurt 13d. London, Febv 12. At the wool sales to-dayv there wa» brisk, competition, but thora was no change in prices. Wool from the fol- lowing stations sold as under :: Listona Dpwns lOd. per lb,. Bokhara 10fd." Cannonbar 8£d. A. lunatic asylumi at Dover». New? Hampshire, U.S.A., baa been, destroyed by fire. Forty-four of ti e patients wen» burned to death. lt is believed that the stocks of apple* UL Canada and Nova Scotia will fall finit this yetr. Suputante frta fas inania arriving- about thercnd of April would have a good prospect of editing Severe storms have batt experienced in the -Atlantic. On board the Atlantic liner, Pomeraùia, twelve parsons, in- cluding the .captain, have been washed overboard during a storm. The Libérais of North Wales have formally threatened to secede from Mr. Qlfdefane, unless thb disestablishment of ¿he Welsh Church is pushed forward. At the sheepskin eales this week 4,100 balea were offered, and competition was brisk. Merinos were id. cheaper, and eMesbreds id. dearer. . It ia stated thát the epidemic at Mar- seilles is not cholera. Tho port officials .itt granting all vessels learing there, olean bills of health. 