MISCELLANEOUS. LONDON, January 4. At a special meeting of the Evicted Tenants Commission held to-day, Mr. John Dillon gave evidence, and declared that the solo remedy for the existing state of affairs was to appoint a Government Board of Arbitration to settle disputes, and the terms on which sales of their holdings were to be made to tenants. Mr. Dillon informed the commission that the total amount of the receipts in aid of the Plan of Campaign was £234,000. Australian stocks are at present un saleable owing to the fears entertained of further borrowing by the colonial Govern ments at an early date. Tho recent high prices have made Aus tralian butter unpopular on the London market, and sellers of Danish butter dropped their prices 15s. per cwt. in order to secure the market. The importers of the Aus tralian article have, however, recovered the market by selling the dairy butter ex Vic toria at 98s. to 1025., and the factory butter at 112s. to 114s. The shipment from the western factories sold at 116s. per owt. It is stated that Lord Onslow intends to introduce a bill in the House of Lords to provide that all imported meat shall bear a brand indicating the country where it was produced. An outbreak of smallpox has occurred m Lancashire, and the disease is spreading to an alarming extent. It is reported that Lord Ripon, Secretary of State for the Colonies, has transferred the Government of Northern Bechuanaland to the British South Africa Company. [The Pall Mall Gazette of 15th November says:—An important departure is, we under stand, likely to bo made with respeot to the administration of tho Bechuanaland Protec torate—that is, the territory lying north of the Grown Colony of British Bechuanaland. Mr. Cecil Rhodes, no doubt with the concurrence of the other South African authorities at present in London, is doing his best to persuade the Colonial Office that the administration of this territory should be intrusted to the British South Africa Company, which, indeed, they olaim as a right under their charter. This arrangement would relieve the Imperial Government of the cost of maintaining a police force in the country, while tho company no doubt see their way to recoup themselves by the development of its auriferous and other resources. Concurrently with the new depar ture the railway will be extended northward. At present Vryburg is the terminus, and arrangements have already been made for its extension to Mafeking, on the border of the Crown Colony. The De Beers Company, the Consolidated Goldfields of South Afrioa, and the Exploring Company are prepared, it is understood, to contribute between them fully one-half of the £300,000 estimated to be required for this seotion. The next step will be to cavry the railway from Mafeking to Mashonaland, and in consideration of the relief from the expense of the Proteotorate, it is thought that the Imperial Government may be induced to guarantee the interest on the railway capital.] A Paris journal asserts that the late Baron de Reinach, who was involved in the Panama Canal scandals, sold the secret of the. manufacture of smokeless powder to the Governments of Germany and Great Britain. London, January 5. It is reported that Mr. Gladstone will explain the provisions of his Home Rule Bill in the House of Commons on the 6th February. It is stated that Mr. Jabez Spencer Balfour, who was very prominently con neoted with several of the land and building companies which recently failod in London, and-who reoently resigned his seat in the House of Commons as member for Burnley, has left the country. Petitions are being signed in the United States in support of the bill to be introduced in congress by Mr. Chapman prohibiting the employment of Canadians. Sir Saiil Samuel, Agent- General for New South Wales, is making inquiries of the leading English graziers as to the yield of mutton and wool from certain breeds of sheep. The depreciation in the value of the various stocks quoted on the Paris Bourse during the past three weeks amounts to a total of £110,000,000. The fall in values is owing to the disturbed outlook of affairs in Europe. A note from the British Government has been presented to tho Moorish Government at Fez, demanding reparation for the murder of a British subject by the police at Tangier. London, January 6. It is considered that there is very small prospect of floating the battleship Howe, which was stranded some time ago near Ferrol, on the coast of Spain. The Immigration Bill introduced in the United States Senate by Mr. Chandler pro hibit s the introduction of cripples, paupers, and illiterate persons. Senator Chandler has introduced a bill in the United States Senate to suppress the Pinkerton police. The Government of India have aban doned their claim for an increased transit rate on through cable messages to and from Australia, and decided that the rate shall remain at 35 centimes per word, while the rate between Europe and Australia is 4s. 9d. per word. Disastrous storms have been experienced in the Black Sea, and thirty sailing vessels and steamers have beert wrecked. A disastrous fire occurred at Liverpool this morning, three public warehouses being burned down, and their contents, which included 11,000 bales of wool, de stroyed. The fire was also unfortunately attended by loss of life, two firemen being killed. The damage done by the fire is estimated at £200,000. At a meeting of the Liberals of North "Wales, held at Bangor, a resolution -wiis adopted insisting- that the disestablishment of the Church in Wales should precede the granting of Homo Rule to Ireland. London, January 7. Mr. Harter, a member of the United States Congress, has informed Mr. Cleve land, the President elect, that the Govern ment have incurred enormous losses in the purchase of silver under the present Act. # An anti-Semitic meeting was held in Paris last night, and was attended by a large number of Socialists. During the proceedings sotno persons threw a lighted dynamito cartridgo among tho audience. The cartridge was promptly extinguished before any damage was done, but it caused a groat panic, and everybody present at the meeting fled as speedily as possible. Subsequently a procession, in which 500 persons took part, marched to Rothschilds' bonk, shouting "Down with the Jews I" but the, mob was dispersed by the police. Mr. Labilliere read a paper before the Royal Colonial Institute last night on the " Rise and Progress of British Federalism," in which he condemned the imprudence of the Council of the Imperial Federation League in declaring that tho federation of the colonies was essential to Imperial Federation. It is reported that Russian emissaries are now at Cabul parleying with the Ameer of Afghanistan with regard to the Pamir ques tion, the British Government being totally ignored in the matter. The Grand Jury at Brooklyn has indicted the Mayor and members of the City Coun cil of New York for illegal and corrupt expenditure in connection with the reoeut Columbus celebration. The Monarchist party in Paris are at present displaying great activity. London, January 8. The Board of Trade returns for the month of December show that the imports into Great Britain decreased to the extent of £5,380,000. The exports for the month show a decrease of £530,000. The imports for the year 1592 show a decrease of £11,800,000, and the exports for the same period a decrease of £20,170,000. The New Zealand Loan and Mercantile Agency Company has declared a dividend of 10 per cent, while a sum of £5600 has been carried forward. No addition is made to the reserve fund, as the directors wish to make larger provision for possible contin gencies that may arise owing to the existing depression in Australia. Vice-Admiral Fairfax, Commander of the Channel Squadron, who was tried by court martial in connection with the recent stranding of H.M.S. Howe, near Ferrol, has been acquitted on the ground that the charts in use were unreliable. The court con sidered that to have ordered a reduction of speed at the moment the vossel was enter ing the Port of Ferrol would have been inexpedient. Four Nihilists have been arrested in Paris on a charge of plotting against the Czar. They were ordered to be expelled from the country, and were accordingly escorted across the frontier. There has been a further general fall in the value of stocks quoted on the Paris Bourse in consequence of the disturbed outlook in Europe. A robbery of more than ordinarily impu dent character was committed in London yestorday. The thieves removed bodily a show-case containing diamonds and jewel lery which was placed outside a shop in the Strand, the robbery being committed in broad daylight, in full view of the passers by, who imagined that the thieves were bona fide workmen. No cine has been obtained to the perpetrators of the robbery. The Beieh-aanzeiger (the official paper of Berliu) publishes official documents which boow that the sensational allegation recently made by tho Socialist paper Vorwaerts to the effect that a snru of 1,750,000 marks (£87,500) from the Guelph Fund had been devoted to secret service purposes amongst Ministers, newspapers, and Government officials) is nothing more than a rehash of an old story, and was prompted by the refusal of the Government to give blackmail to the paper in question. Beplying to a deputation which waited upon him yesterday, Mr. John Morley, Chief Secretary for Ireland, expressed a < hope that Parliament would allow the com pulsory purchase of farms in the West of Ireland by the tenants. The stage of emi gration and relief works, he said, was past, and it would be false charity to continue them. London, January 9. The strike of miners which recently took place at Saarbruck, in Prussia, is now ex tending to the Bhenish districts of West phalia. It is announced that the miners at Gelsenkirohen, Bochutn, and Essen will cease work to-day. The Vienna Jookey Club has taken the step of forbidding games of chance in con sequence of the increase of gambling amongst the Austrian nobles. The shipping trade is at the present time in a very depressed condition, and there are now 480 vessels, with an aggregate tonnage of 850,000 tons, lying idle in the various ports of England and Scotland. The cotton operatives on strike in Lan cashire have offered to meet the masters on Thursday next with a view to a settlement of the present dispute, which arose through the masters insisting upon a reduction of 5 per cent in wages. [The Pall Mall Qatette of 23th November says:—" The third week of the ootton spinners' strike is over, and we have this astonishing faot made clear that the operatives are much more united than the employers. While the men are standing shoulder to Bhoulder, and the two thirds in work are steadily contributing towards the support of the third .on strike, the employers in the north of Lancashire have refused to support those io the south, even to the extent of running short time during the continuance of the struggle. Further than that, the operative leaders appear to have aotnally made terms with the northern flection of the Masters' Federation, the promise having been made to them that in the event of the failure of the strike they will be in no worse position than the southern employers. With this undertaking the northern section hare decided to stand aloof, and there are those who prophesy that this means an ultimate viotory for the men. The one satisfactory feature of the dispute is the perfeot order which is being maintained in the spinning districts, both parties having assumed a thoroughly business like attitude."] The Earl of Londesborough is reported to be seriously ill. A quantity of dynamite was placed on the metals of the railway line at Dortmund in Germany, apparently with the intention of wrecking the express train from Berlin to Cologne. A serious explosion.took place, which destroyed the railway track, but no injury was done to any of the persons on the train. - The . Socialists have carried the general elections At Stockholm, the capital of Sweden, in consequence of the abstention bf the Conservative party. It is reported that an agent of the Ameer Abdurrahman of Afghanistan is making a secret visit to the Russians on the Upper Oxus. The Spanish Government have declined to sanction the publication of a chart of the port of Ferrol which has been prepared by British naval officers since the stranding of H.M.S. Howe at that place. Mr. J. E. Bedmond, leader of the Par nellite section of the Irish Nationalists, has again demanded an amnesty for all the Irish political prisoners, and he declares that the National question will not be settled unless this is granted. Several members of the British Cabinet are reported to be in favour of a re-formation of the Ministry. The Paris Figaro states that a marriage will probably be arranged between the Caarewitch and the daughter of the. Duo de Ctartres, youngest son of the late Duke of Orleans. A large number of royal personages are arriving at Sigmaringen, in Prussia, to be present at the marriage of Princess Marie of Edinburgh and Prince Ferdinand, Crown Prince of Bonmania. It ib stated that Pope Leo has suggested Cardinal Vancitelli as his successor in the Papacy. London, January 10. An attempt has been made to blow tip two hotels at Gelsenkirohen, in Westphalia, with dynamite. The attempt, however, proved unsuccessful, and no one was in jured. The miners' strike at Saarbruok has now extended to this place, and it is believed that the miners are the guilty parties. A special commission has been formed in St. Petersburg to consider the question of the recent seizure of British sealing vessels in Behring Sea. The death is announced of Hawley Smart, the well-known sporting novelist. The British Government have sent an ultimatum to the Sultan of Morocco at Fez with regard to the murder of a" British subject by the Moorish police at Tangier, and forty-eight hours has been allowed for the Sultan to decide whether he will pay the indemnity demanded. The French Ministry tendered their re signation to President C'arnot thi9 morning. A serious mining disaster has occurred in Cornwall. The AVhenl Owls mine has been flooded, and twenty-five miners drowned. The London police have made a raid on the Corinthian Supper Club in Pall Mall, as a disorderly house, and arrested the officials of tho club. Suez, Jnnnavy 8. The Q.R.M.S. Jelunga, from Brisbane 22nd November, left Suez for London to-day, one day in advance of contract time. Pobt Said, January 5. The Q.E.M.S. Jelunga, from Brisbane 22nd November, loft Port Said for London to-day, one day in advance of contract time. 