LOOAL AND GENERAL. We are pleased to learn that our leader of Monday last on cane-harvesting machinery has already borne good fruit, and that there is a prospect that oar suggestions and hopes in tho direction indicated will speedily be realised. The Courier gives an extraob from our article which deals with the proposal that a prize of £250 should bo promised by tho A. and P. Society for tho mOBt proctioally useful cane-harvester, and guaranteed by the planters, the award to be made after a season's trial. Our metropolitan contem- porary also tully endorses and supports our views, saying : ' The matter is one that might well engage the attention of our Queensland National Association, whose special prize list for tbiB year will no donbt bo published in a fow days." It remains for our A. and P. Society to bring tho proposal to a practical issue, and we trust that tho members will not allow a rose to bo plucked from their chaplet by tho sister Association in the capital, Bundaberg should, as we pointed out, be first in the field ; nil the better if others aro tbero afterwards in tbe noble rivalry of progress and development. That we are in no' way advocating either the impossible or improbable, or inviting tho Society to ohase an ignis flaluus may ho proved by a reference to our correspondence column, whero will bo found two letters bearing on the subjeot. We trust that speedy and practical action may be taken in the matter by the committee of the A. and P. Society. Wb understand that his Excellency the Governor has accepted tho invitation of the Agricultural and Pastoral Society to open their annual exhibition noxtmonth, Owiog however, to his engagement ia tho Lookyer district, where he has consented to open the Show of tho Laidloy and Gatton Industrial and Agricultural Society on the 24th instant, Sir H. W. Norman has intimated that he should like tbo opening of tho Bundaberg Show to take place oa the 22nd of Angast. The official opooiog of tbo Show will theroforo bo bold on that date, which is usually devoted to judging, and tho judges will thereafter proceed with their work. The dates which concern the publio remain unaltered by this arrangement whioh simply means that for tho convenience of bis Excellency, and to cnablo him to perform tho opening ceremony elsewhere, the in&ngaral; function will lake place on the judging day. As the clccbrio light plant will be erected on Tuesday, it ia proposed to initiate sports on tbo evening of that day in addition to those already arranged, so that in some measure the change involved by the uovernor s appointments will give our citizens an additional holiday, or an additional evening at which sports will bo held. Tho Seoretary to tho Sooiety, Mr. A. M'Intoeh, informs us that a much greater number of peoplo are making inquiries eon- corning the show and its exhibits than is usually tho case, nnd that the somewhat languid interest whioh not seldom oharoterises suoh events is dissipating. Wo understand that Sir H. W. Norman has further consented to be present at and inaugurate tho bazaar iu aid of the Presbyterian Chnroh, which will bo held during our forthcoming gala season, the opening day being that of tho 8how, the 22nd proximo. Tbe success of both functions will undoubtedly be aided by tho preBenoe of our vice-regal gneata and their suit. The annual meeting of tho Bundaberg Chamber of Commerco will be held in the Secretary's offico on Monday tho 24th lust., at 3.30 p.m. The business to be considered includes the important question of tlin Joint Harbour Trust and the draft of the Harbour Trust Enabling Bill, p'repared and recom mended by the committee appointed to deal with tho matter willbepresontcd, Ao(mmitteo to moot the representatives of the Mary borough Harbour Trust and lako measures in connection with tho projected join- dredg ing will bo appointed. The financial state- im nt for tho piBt year will also be presented to incuibctts of tlio Chamber. Last ovonlng tho D'Easom-Doylo Oompauy gavoa conoort in tho Queen's Thontro, varied, novel, and most oxeollont, nnd but ono rogrot attaobos to tlds, tho first of a short seasou of two nights, that it was not so well patronised as it should havo boon. It was a pity that talonta of tho highest, powerful instru- montalism, magnifioout vooal power, unitod to a truo touch of pathos should have not suoh a good houeo as was dosorvod, nnd wo hopo that all thoao for whom munio has uny oharnis will not fail to avail thomsoivca of an opportunity of henring artistes who nro assurodly masters in thoir profession. Tho rondoriug of tho violin solos by Miss Bosnia Doylo could not woll bo surpassed, nud tho moat faoilo and oxproswivo of musioal instru ments wan touoked with a power and oxproRHiou that wodnro to nay has uovor beon hoard horo boforo, and would not now bo heard but that tho oompany aro now c;i route to Chicago" Tho high oxpoutatlons whioh this lady's status in tho musioal world, togothor with tho approoiatlon tho Fross ovory whoro liaB ovinood, wore fully realised, while uo loss praiso is duo to Miss Edith Mooro for swoot singing, whioh ovokod tho ho&rty; plaudits of tho extromoly approoiativo audlonoo. Mr. D'Ensom's voioo, his touch of humor, his wondrous power, woro no loss worthy of noto, and in ovory instance ho oarriod his audionoo fairly away with him, whilo tho piano in tho hands of Mr. Hawkins was made tho vehicle of beautiful thought nnd oxproasion. Thoso who havo gnzod at boautiful pictures, nnd rend patbotlo and touching pootry whilo music was boiug mvobtly ami softly plnyod know how tho boauty of tho ono art seems to ro-aot on nnd enhnnoo tho onjoymont of tho othor, and this fact tho company havo grasped and used in tho soonoscopio offsets by whion glowing pioturos nnd beautiful land- soapos fading ono into another as tho tnueio vnrioB nro bont to intorpret tho creations of tho composor or tho poat. Thus in Tonnyson's Brook phaso after phase of tho wator progress from its birth to tho ocoan was oxkibitod to tho oyo with an offoet that could hardly boimagincd. Wo trust that to-night our oitizons will test tho truth of our averments for thomaolvos, and that all may bo able to do so. Wo may add that tho Oompanv havo dooidod to adopt popular nriqos as will bo soon from tho notioo in our business columns. A meeting in connection with tho London Missionary Society was held ia the Congre gational Church Inst evening, when nn address on Mission work in Madagascar wrb given by tho Rov. Mr. Lord, illustrated with views by tho lantern. Tho chair was taken by tho inimslor, tho Rev. R. Hogg, who briofly introduced the lecturer. Tho Rev. Mr. Lord who has boon moro than 20 ye> r in Madagascar gave a short history. In 18l8 missionaries wero first sent by the London Missionary Society. They were all smitten with fover and many of them died ; ono re turned to Mauritius and revisited Madagascar in 1820 and commenced with three children; at the end of eight years they had not a single adult convert. Iu 1828 the King who had been favorable to tho missionaries died nnd tho Queen who followed was opposed to missionaries. On tbo first cf March 1835 a gathering of the people was called and the Queen ruled against the Christian worship, and for 25 years did her best to pnt down Christianity. In ono day 14 Christians were thrown over precipices, four buried alive, and then the Christians met on lonely hills or in oaves. After 25 years' persecution thero wero four times as many Christians as at its commence ment. At present tbero wero 1300 congre gations, over 69,000 church members, in day schools 70,000 children. Some benutiful pictures of Madagascar sconery and people wero exhibited, nnd altogether the lecture was of the most interesting description, and the meeting fraught with a power to stir up sympathy for tho gallant vanguard of the Christian Army who ndvonturc into heathen wilds for the cause they. love. A large and entliusiastio meeting was hold in tho Congregational Church on Wednesday evening last to consider tho best means of strengthonlng tho temperanoe movement lately opened- up by Mrs. Harrison-Lee. Tho Rev. R. Hogg presided. Tho meeting was opened by singing, followed by tho Rov. T. BrassiogLon in prayer, after which tho chairman announced tho objeot of the meoting and called for suggestions. Many proposals were thrown out by Revs, Brassingtou and Foggan, Messrs, StephonB, Hirst, Totten, and others. Some of tho speakers advocated that a society bo formed as an auxiliury to tho W.C.T.U., but this was found impracticable. Disoussion followed ns to the name of the society when organised, nnd eventually n motion was carried that a society bo formed, called .the Bundaberg Go3pul Total Abstinence Society. A preliminary com mittee was nominated to draw up rules Ac., for further guidance, consisting of Revs. Brassington, Hogg, and Foggan, Mesdamoa Foggan, Brassington, Marrii, Misses Gee, Powe, Forsyth, Messrs. Totten, Wilding, Black, Burns, Harding, Stovens, Stephens, and Marsh. It was also decided tho com- mitteo meet to-night at Mrs. Totten'a residence, and they should report progress at a publio meeting to be held at the Congregational Churoh on Wednesday next. Resolved that an open air meeting bo held to-morrow, at tho Post Office corner, and that the Primitive Methodist Band bo asked to give their services, A motion Svas made appointing speakers for the meeting, but was withdrawn on advice from the Chair man, and subsequently it was decided that tho feeling of inspiration would best determine tho speakers. Mrs. Fogcan nnnounced that tho W.C.T.U. had decided to invito subscriptions to provide Mrs. Harrison-Lee with some suitable recognition of her visit to Bundaberg, nnd that sub scriptions should be voluntary. The members of the WC.T.U. wore going to have a week of self- denial. Tho Rov. R. Hogg pronounced tho benediotion, and the meeting closed. Attention was directed yesterday morning to tho trees planted in the protected area .dovoted to thoir cul tivation in that part of Bourbon street opposito the office of this journal, andgenoral surprise and wrath was expressed whon it was found that somo misohovious animal who has cvidentally not gob tho allotted number of legs or length of ears to which his species is entitled has been mutilating the bark of tbo growing timber to an extonb that may sansethotreestodeoayandinany cqbo will seriously impedethcir growth Blows with an axo or some sneh instrument have been freely mado at the trees aud in ono instance opposito the Commercial Bank one of tho sap lings has beon deliberately ring-barked. It is intolerable that tbe property of thenublieand amenity of tho town should be aimlowly and broinleasly injured and we trust that not only the police bnt all aitizons, whoso property the trees indeed are; will keep a vigilant outlook and should the latter observe any more asinine attempts to spoil the appearance of our stately avonuo-strccts we hope that they will not pass by on tho other side, with, Well it is nono of my business" bat will im- mediately tako aoiion to bring the malioious offender to justice. Sunday Services.— At the Scandinavian Lutheran Churoh, on Sunday, at the Reeha- bites Hall, tho morning subject will be "The True and tbo False Prophets," in Danish t evening, "Christ, and Christ only, ia what the perishing world needs," in Englieh Sunday school, 8 p.m. Preacher, Rov. Chris Christonson.— At the Wesleyan Church, the' Rov. T. Brassington will conduofc Divino services as follow : Morning subject, "Read- ing tho Law" ; afternoon 3 15, subject " Bible speaking to children"; ovening sub ject, " Success of thorn who work with and for tho Truth of God."--At the Congre gational Church the Rev. R. Hogg will prcaobi Miming anhjecr, "Faith, its origin, effects " Excelloucy of the Bible (continu-d), its plenary inspiration," Ao. Rov. M. Foggon's evening subject will bo " Almost. Persuaded." Ho win preaoh at South Kolun in tho morning, and Sharon in tho afternoon A magisterial inquiry was hold by tho Poliao Magistrate at tlio Pollco Court on Wednesday Inst into tho donth of tho uian Riolmrd Andrew Tale, who was found recently in tho river, Tho inquiry was con ducted by Sorgonnt Kolly, nnd tho following evidence was adduced : — Jnines Edwin Turner on being examined deposed that ho had sold an overcoat to deceased by 9 30 p m.'on tlio 8th instant j dcoenucd wntt intoxicated when ho was in his (witness') shop; later on nt oloven o'clock ho saw deceased lying on the Rteps of tho Commercial Bank; the night wns clear nnd cold ; witness recognised deceased chiefly by the overcoat ho had purchased; the ferry was some 150 yards from the Commercial Bank. Further ovideiuo in tho oato wns givon by Tom Pannican, an aboriginal, who Rtated that on tho dnto in question he he and others with him rcnuhod tho furry after 11 p.m.; the ferry punt wns then nt tho other side; ho heard something in tho water nnd thought it was a dog ; afterwards ho found it wns & white innti who wns standing in the water somo five or six yards from shore working his arms in the water which was on a level with his mouth; witness gave the alarm to the men on tho punt then ooraing in nnd the puntman assisted by witness picked up deceased. Tho cvidenoe of Walter Cooper, onginecr ou the ferry punt, was to the effect that lie had fouud the body of deceasod nnd had striven to restore animation ; . when first ecen tho body was floating face down ward; thero was a long ovccoat on tho body which was ten or fifteen feofc from the edge of the water at a depth of seven or eight foot; ilie wator dccpons quickly at that point ; witness had left that side of the river barely ten minutes previous to his dis covering tho body; tho gas lamp at tho approach to the ferry woe lit, Iu his evidence Constable Kenny identified the deceased as Richard Andrew Tato who had been drinking while in town; hehadassisted in the efforts to restore animatioo; Dr. May, on arriving, pronounocd lifo to bo cxtinob; on searching the body ho (wintess) had fouud three £1 notes, a watch, a handkerchief, some paper and a knife; tho overcoat was buttoned, and thero was no signs of violence about the body; he was satisfied death had resulted from drowning. The inquiry then closed, and tho depositions wilt be forwarded in dno courso to the Department of Justico. As we hear on overy side of tho colony gloomy prognostications for the fntnro, and still greater wailinge concerning the post, it is cheering to mcob with somothing bright and full of hope, something that speaks well for the past, present, and future of honest industry — ia this district at any rate. That evidence of tho reproductive power of Buu daberg soil when vivified by energetic, cap able labor is found in the history of throo Italians who are now naturalised British subjects, but who only arrived bcro in the Jumna in 1891, Sinco that time these colo nists have labored incessantly to push their fortunes, which have been united. That they have succeeded is proved by the fact that the immigrants have reached saoh a stage on the road to assured competency that they are in a position to leaso and have leased Millbank Plantation, tho well- known pro perty near Bundaberg, and they are now making application, through the Govern ment, for the bringing hither of their wives and children— three children in caoh in stance—from Italy. Tho application, we are informed, was strongly supported by tho authorities here and will doubtless be granted. Stronger proof of the capability of the district when honestly and earnestly tested there could not be, for to be in a posi tion to even entertain the project of leasing the property in question, very bard and very persevering toil must have been undergone. Tub nuptials, of two well-known and very popular residents of Bundaberg wore oele- bratcd in tho Roman Catholic Churoh on Wednesday lost, whon Mr. Foster Thomp- son, tho secretary of tho Bundaberg Build ing Soeiory was united in marriage to Mibs Julia M'Ardle, by the Rev. Father Rosilini. The felicitous event elicited great interest on the part of the compeers of the happy pair for whom we, with all who know them, WI8K Pr08Perity in the voyage iof wedded life. 