SOCIAL GOSSIP. ttST It it requested (hot NOTICES of SOCIAL GATHERINGS intended for Vn««r(ion in this column may he despatched to at to reach the editor not later than THURSDAY HORNING in each week. " S3- It is requested that all reports of surprise parlies and other gatherings ehosid have the names and addresses of tho writers for tho private informa tion of the editor, and as o pledge of good faith. Sir William and the Hon. Lady Plowden, who arrived in Sydney last week, are the guests of his Excellency the Governor and Lady Duff. Sirv William has distinguished himself itfTndin, and tho Hon. Lady Plow- don is a sister of Baron Burton, The Governor, who wna accompanied on the occasion by Sir W. Plowden, attended Randwick on Saturday last in connection with Tattersall's Club race meeting. The distinguished visitors remained during the afternoon. Amongst those present were the Hon. T. M. Slattory, the Mayor of Sydney (Mr. Manning, M.L.A.), Major-General Huitou, Colonel Roberts, and others. The Governor dined with the Art Society at. the rooms on Saturday evening last. His Excellency was attended by the Hon. Rupert Leigh and Mr. Arthur Galton. Lady Duff, accompanied by tho Hon. Ludy Plowden and Miss Duff, and attended by Captain Fielding, witnessed the per formance of " Richelieu " at the Criterion Theatre on Saturday evening last. Ou Monday afternoon his Excellency tho Governor performed the ceremony of open ing the exhibition of tho Art Society of New South Wales. A dinner was given at Government House on Monday by his Excellency the Governor and Lady Duff, when the guests included Sir William and the Hon. Lady Plowden, Mr. F. B. Suitor (Minister for Education), Mrs. nnd Mies Suttor, Mr. Justice and Mrs. Stephen, the Hon. John Lackey (President of tho Legislative Coun cil), Commander Warren, R.N., and Lieu tenant Baird, R.N, A concert given at tho Redfcrn Town Hall, on Tuesday evening last, was honored ,by the presence of the Governor and Lady Duff, Sir William and tho Hon, Lady Plowden. Captain Baird attended Sir Robert and Lady Duff. The Governor was entertained at dinner by tho Freemasons at the Masonio Hail on Wednesday. Lady Duff, Sir William and Larly Plowden attended the organ recital by M. Wiogand at the Town Hall on Wednesday afternoon. The Earl and Countess of Hopetoun will be the guests of Sir Robert and Lady Duff during the race meeting of the Australian Jockey Club, They will arrive on Friday next. The Mayoress, Mrs. W. P. Manning, held her periodical reoeption at the Town Hall on Monday last. The weather was miserably wet, but notwithstanding that the attend ance was large. His Excellency and Lady Duff will give their second ball on Thursday, Septem ber 21. The Mayor and Mayoress of Sydney have issued invitations for a ball tu take place on Wednesday, September 20. A movement is on foot in Brisbane to make a presentation to Lady Norman. : — Mr. and Mrs. H. Levien naertained a number of friends at a most enjoyable danoe atLydford, Elizabeth Bay. The ballroom was tastefully decorated like the grounds, and beautifully lighted. Tho programme covered 16 dauces. Among the guests were tho Hon, F. B. Suttor and Mrs. Suttor, Mrs. J. R. Allen, Mr. and Mrs. Robey, Mrs. and Miss Knight, the Misses Tarrant, the Misses Roberts, the Misses Williamson, Mr. C. W. and the Misses Osborne, Miss Rankin, Miss Paterson, Messrs. Hill, Marks, Nioolls, Robey, Shorter, Walford and Wagner. A most successful complimentary ball was tendered to Mr, and Mrs. J. B. Morris, of Victoria House, Glebe Poiut, on Tuesday evening, previous to their departure for London in the s.s. Aberdeen. The festivi ties were held in the Oddfellows' Hall, Elizabeth-street, city, thirty couples being present to do honor to tho guests. The spacious hall was decorated with bunting and evergreens, and presented a very pretty appearance. A series of 20 dances was gone through under the able direction of Mr. Baker, M.C. Mr. J. Pringle supplied tho music, which, with the per fect floor, helped to pass a most enjoyable evening. At midnight a cessation in the dancing intervened and the whole company sat down to a sumptuous feast. The tables were decorated with flowers and presented quite a picturesque appearance with the assemblage seated around. The toast of Mr. and Mrs. Morris was proposed by Mr. Hoekings in a happy manner and drunk in bumpers of champagne with musical honorB, and feelingly responded to by Mr. Morris. Among the many handsome dresses worn wers : — Mrs. J. B. Morris, beautifully attired in a salmon- colored faille relieved with gold trimmings; Miss Thorn ton looked charming in a graceful coatumo of blue merveilleux with silver trimmings ; Miss Fitzgerald looked well in a cream Bilk with lace ; Mrs. H. Cleveland, green mer veilleux and pink silk ; Miss Pashley was gracefully attired in a pale blue gauze with silvor trimmings ; Miss Jessie PaBhley, cream silk and lace ; Miss Bone, cream crfipon with Maltese lace ; Miss Lam bert, croatn cashmere nnd satin ; Miss Thompson, cream bengaline andchiffon; Mrs. Kay, organdie muslin and rose- colored silk ; Mrs. Iventwell, black velvet with lace; Miss Kentwell, pink silk costume; Mrs. F. W. Jonson, royal blue ; Mrs. Marsh, royal blue with black lace , Miss Campbell, cream cashmere and luce ; Miss Campbell, cream liberty silk and lace ; Miss Bertram, cream bengaline and lace trimmings ; Mrs. D. K. Brown, eau de nil and Bilk. During the evening Mrs. MorriB was the recipient of many handsome presents. Dancing was kept up till 4 a.m. Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Gread's residence, " Melodia," Pile-street, Randwick, was the scene of a very pleasant surprise party on Tuesday evening last. Between 49 and 59 of their lady and gentlemen friends, pro vided with full hampers, &o.;, took charge of the houso, and many willing bauds soon changed the drawing-room into a ball room, whero dancing, singiug, &c.;, were indulged in till early morn. The musical items, vocal and instrumenal, were particu larly good. Refreshments being partaken of, tho whole of the company assembled in the ballroom joined in singing " Auld Lang Syne." A vote of thanks to Mr. and Mrs. Gread, carried by acclamation and three times three, terminated what proved to be a very enjoyable evening's entertainment, Tho neighborhood of "George and John streets, Waterloo, presented a very lively appearance on Tuesday evening last; the occasion being the colebration of the diver wedding of Mr. and Mrs. Clausen, they having been married on September 5, 1868. There were about 20 couples present, and in the light which the Chinese lanterns supplied some of the ladies' dreBses looked really charming. At the suppar Mr. W. J. Walker proposed thu health of Mr. and Mrs. C. Clausen in a very appro priate speech and wished them long life and happiness and hoped they would all meet to celebrate their golden wedding. Thistoast, which was received with honor, was replied to by Mr. Clausen, and ho gave a very witty account of his love, courtship and marriage. Mr. Clausen propoaod " The Australians"and Java -a-i .t . -a. Mr. E. Sweeney replied with a pretty little ditty entitled " Sqnny New South Wales." Mr. Wajker proposed- the health of "Mrs. and Mr. Tyrol)," the daughter "and son-in- law ofthe host' and- hostess. 'Mr. Clausen proposed " Tho Ladies,"- to which Mr. J. Talbot replied. One of tho principal features of the evening was "The Danish Sehottisohe," danced by Mr. C. and Miss Alico Clausen. (This is a very pretty dance, and would look well in a large hall). During tho evening Miss Lily Day sang " Only a Picture," for which Bho was oneorod and gave "Good-bye, Mavourneen." Others also contributed songs and dances. Dancing was indulged in until 5.30 on Wednesday morn- ning, when the company dispersed after having spent a very enjoyable night. A farewell party was tendered on Friday evening last to Mrs. Bowker on the eve of her departure to China, at Professor Smith's, Surryvillo, Newlown-road. The hall was largely crowded, and amongst the guests were:— Miss Nihall, in salmon pink and moss-green trimmings, who looked exceedingly well in her pretty costume ; Mrs. Silvester, red and black ; Mrs. Sharpe, black and pink; Miss Melville White, liberty silk ; Mrs. Pintler, black and blue trimmings ; Miss Robinson, navy and jot ; Miss Pindor, grey and pink trimmings; Miss Donne, salmon pink and fishing net, with trimmings ; Miss Brodcrson, cream and dark green ; Miss Latham, cash mere aud green trimmings; Miss M. Robert son, of Darlington, cardinal sillt with black trimmings; Miss M. Nihall, pale pink and blnck trimmings; Miss Muronie, cream cashmere crepe delkine and butter flies; Miss M. Doyle, liberty silk; Mrs. Cunningham, black ; Miss A. Doyle, pink; Misss M'Loan cream Silk, gaslight trimmings ; Miss Cotter, cream and green ; Miss Player, pink body and black skirt ; Miss Jacobs, black lace and buttercup ; Mrs. Bntterworth, black and tartan ; Mrs. Rielmrds, Mrs. M'Lellan, Miss Valentine, Miss Skene, Mrs. Hoiley, Mrs. O'Connor, Miss Robinson, and many others. Messrs. Silvester and J. V. Murphy acted as M.'sC., and worked hard, for tho en joyment of all present. Miss Lilah Benson danced the Highland Fling and Sailors' Hornpipe in excellent style. Messrs. Crane, Wolfenden and Herford sang songs, for which,- they received great applause. Miss Murphy acted as secretary for the entertainment, and groat praise is due to that lady for her hard work for a successful issue. Tho gathering was altogether an enjoyable ono, and broke up at 4 a.m. The first annual plain and fancy dress ball of the Fitzroy Club will be held on Thursday next, September 14, at the Car- rington Hall, Castlcrcagh-Btreet. A highly successful gathering of a social sort was held at the New Oddfellows' Temple, Elizibeth-street, on Tuesdaj night in aid of tho funds of tho St. Anue's Orphanage School. So well had those entrusted with . the arrangement of the affair done their work that there wore fully 309 persons present. The music provided by Mr. Bauman's band was of an excellent character, and in all other respects the arrangement for the comfort and entertainment of visitors was completely satisfactory. During the evening the pro gramme of tho ordinary dances waB varied by theeieverperformaneeof MisBV.Salterand Miss M'Grath, who danced a hornpipe with considerable skill, whilst Master Nolan's comic singing was the reason for over whelming applause. Those who did much to render the evening a success were the M.'sC., Messrs. D. Smith, J. Cotter aud J. Sale, and the hou. sees., Messrs. S. Salter and R O'Loughlin. It is hoped that £25 will be available for the charity. Masonio festivities, especially when open to ladies, nearly always rank among the premier social events of the season, and the ball of the Rising Sun Lodge at Gosford on the night of September 1 in Borne respects exceeded even the high Masonio standard ox perfection. There wa3 a large and influen tial attendance, including the leading resi dents of the district, and numerous Masonic brethren from Newcastle and Sydney. The large hall of the local School of Arts was the scene of the social, and was taste fully decorated for the occasion. Dancing commenced at 8.30 p.m., and a programme of 24 dances kept the company fully occu pied till, 5 a.m. Messrs. W. M 'In tyre, J. F. Parr, A. C. Fitzneads. and H. T. Beve- ridge were most efficient M.'sC., while Bro. Burns was well up to the mark as caterer. The following is a list of the leading ladieB, with a description of their costumes :— Mrs. Price, black lace; Miss Evans, black, blue net ; Miss Capper, pale pink ; Miss Speet, black and red; Miss Ward and Miss Price, white ; Miss Tyson, electric blue silk aud cream ; Miss Stenbouse, red net; Mrs. Ayrtoh, black and gold; Miss Hoekings, pale green; Mi3S Cobham, black; Miss Said, gold and white ; Miss Tuckett, pink silk and black velvet;. .''Miss Clements eau de nil silk and white velvet ; Miss Golding, cream ; Mrs. Parr, black and rose pink ; Mrs. Thorn thwaite, cream ; Mrs. Passmore, black ; Miss Sutherland, buttercup silk and white velvet ; Mrs. Brey, black silk; Miss Parker, old gold aud white ; Mr3. Jans, black lace; Mrs. Reemans, black. Some of the newest parasol and umbrella handles are arranged to hold a smelling- salts bottle in the top, They are made in royal Dresden, cut crystal and gold or silver filagree. A novel sailor hat has recently been in troduced. It is small, with a narrow brim, and ib made of subdo leather in oitlior black or white. It is mitrimmed, with the excep tion of a corded ribbou around the crown, laid in a flat bow at the left side. No woman fears a mouse more than Lord Roberts — whom Queen Victoria recently decorated — dislikes a cat. His nervous sen sibilities are such that he can detect a oat's presence when unable to see it, and he is ill at eaBe until the animal is removod. Tho "Graziella" yoke is made adjus table to any bodice. It is prettiest in rose crepon, with pea-spots of white satin. The puffings of the yoke are separated by narrow satin ribbon, and a flounce of the same gauze forms a bertha around the square. The late Admiral Tryon, who wont down with the Victoria, was a direct descendant of Governor Tryon, 'the colonial governor of New York during tho revolutionary war, who assisted at the burning of Norwalk, Conn., and watched the conflagration from a neighboring hill. Several of the Indooroopilly (Brisbane) ladies are making efforts to form a local rowing club, and as their endeavors aro likely to bo crowned with success, it is not improbable that a challenge will be issued to the town eight to row a short race at an early date. Such a race would doubtless have the effect of encouraging the fair rowers to attend regular praotice. The smartest woman at Henley Regatta (England) was Mrs. Coppiuger, a lady to whom first honors are nothing now. . The first day she wore, as she cleverly mancsuvred her punt in the crowd, a skirt and long : jacket of dark blue serge and a blouse of pale blue silk, tho jacket being lined with the same material. This costume is des cribed aB effective and quite unique. At the recent royal wedding (says a London journal) tho Queen looked small, very small, old, and loaning on a stick, but most divinely dignified and every inoh a Queen. A black dross, with rich, (white lace, the Garter ribbon, with the Koh-i-noor respondent on her breast, and some email family orders— a white fan and handker chief, and a veil of whito laco, thrown back from beneath a little diamond crown. Charles Lamb said he could trace tho wanderings over the face of tho oartli of a certain journalistic friend of his by the words "It may not lie generally known that tho throe lirasB balls hanging before a pawnbroker's shop are tho insignia of the Lombard family." Wo also (sayB London Sun) have followed with some interest a paragraph aonccrning diners blancs, as given by young ladies exclusively to their girl friends. The idea— and the paragraph — originally -emanated from America ; both have now arrived in Paris, and are there considered delightfully novel. It ;s no doubt a very pretty notion to seat some score of white-clad damsels aroUnd. a table, whereon the decorations are of tho tint of driven snow, and where the viands that are secured partako of tho same hue, but it is most certainly neither new nor original. Chamois gloves have regained their popu larity for the warm season. They are the most delightful of all to wear, as they aro not affected by perspiration as silk or kid are, and the hands are ltopt cooler in them. In either white or buff they aro very pretty with outing gowns, and when soiled they oan be so easily washed if done properly. They must be washed upon the hands, dried upon the hands with a clean towel, and hung up in the air by the finger-tips. In tho church at tho royal wedding Mr. Gladstone, with bowed head aud deep reverence, was a notable, memorable figure. After the ceremony her MajeBty beckoned to Lord Carringtou, and talked with him for a minute or two, And then, leaning on- tho arm of tho Duko of Hesse, she passed slowly from out the Chapel Royal, doing courtesy to all her statesmen on her right and on her left ; passed, too, from her part in the third great marriage feast which she has witnessed in tho line direct of Kings and Queens of Eugland. For hot weather there is a cool, refresh ing look about soft shades of green, and a delightful tea-jacket that I must tell you about (3ayB a fashion writer) was of accor dion-pleated eau de "uil chiffon, with full sleeves hanging having long frills hanging from the elbow. It was a very pretty shape, with a close-fitting waist, and a.frill of em broidered net on the shoulders. Another becoming tea-jacket was in pale blue, accordion-pleated (yee, everything is ar ranged accordionwise just now) with a black sash and rows of narrow oream lace inser tion laid on black ribbons running from the neck to the waist back and front. Tho tea- gown is of pink'Oriental satin with a pretty drapery of black net down the front em broidered in the Greek key pattern, with gold sequins, and finished off at the edge with a bow. The sleeves are of white taffeta, prettily fiowerod in pink and green. An evening gown is made of palest green silk shading almost to . white. It has a berthe of oream lace over silk and long frills of laco hang from tho edge of the sleeves. A dressy fete gown was of black foulard, brocaded with forget-me-nots, with a full bodice of accordion-pleated black chiffon over pale blue silk, and a black satin ribbon belt. The sleeves were of elbow length, and finished at the edge with pale blue ribbon. Many of tho best dresses which come from London and Paris just now are made of shot moire antique, which, besides being expensive, is exceedingly weighty and op pressive with the thermometer up in the eighties. Together with the essential garni tures—jet and guipure — such a costume would be a heavy burden in a warm climate. Grenadine is also a high favorite this season, but it is far from being a cool selection. It must have a silk lining, and the smallest modicum of jet trimming — without which it would be incomplete— adds to ite weigh tiness. One of the handsomest grenadine dresses was a beauti ful combination of green and black. It was an iron grenadine with tho two colors interwoven in the meBh, and was made up over pea green silk. The bodice had a Breton front made of rowB of tine jet bead ing, and there were capes over tho shoulders of handsome black guipure. A flat band of guipure placed midway of the skirt was the only garniture, and while it was a moBt Btrikinrly elegant costume, the poor little woman who woro it was a martyr to the heat, and while she struggled to keep herself cool with a fan the pained expression of her coun tenance told of her silent Buffering. Next to her was a sensible young maid dressed in a skirt of grey "gloria,'' with a trim blouse made of black and white shot and striped India silk, belted over the skirt with a band of fine jot passementerie. The contrast of the two was too apparent not to be noted. Wherever we meet, the American woman (says a writer in the Popular Science Monthly)— and we meet her everywhere, in the ranks of the English peerage and of the highest European aristocracy, as well as in more modest conditions — we are struck with that marvellous adaptability in which the wise men see the sign of the superiority of a raco or of a species, It is revealed notably by that good humor with which she accepts the numerous petty annoyances that every change of medium implies, and which put the best characters on trial. She submits to them without effort and criticises them without bitter ness ; she is, further, prepared for them by her education, and does not expect to find everything easy. Then the necessity of manual labor does not seem to her like a degrading condition ; at most only ono or two generations separate her from the time whon her grandmother kneaded the family bread in the primitive settlements. These stories are familiar to her, and the lessons deduced from them are not discouraging or humiliating. She is the daughter of a race of immigrants who have become a great people through work, energy and determination. She has'in this at her command a whole treasury of traditions from which she draws, not with out pride. We might say, in listening to these stories, that we were hearing one of those grandes dames of the past century, emigreos and poor, telling, with pride, in their memoirs, how, to supply their wants, they worked in London or in Germany, utilising their accomplishments and their correct taste and making trimmings and em broidering robes with their own aristocratic hands. A correspondent chats regretfully over the disappearance of the prim old maid from the modern family circle : — " Tho old maid was tho very mirror of female virtue, tho mould of gracious femininity. She was as picturesque as the old brass door knocker, aud, with her waxy,, trans parent skin and snow-white fichu, she ' fur nished' better than any portrait in an ances tral hall. Don't you remember, mee tres eheres, don't you remember our dear, un married Aunt Cecilia, so thin, bo tall, beneath whose tiny, shell-like ears ran such blue voins, and across the backs of whoso hands veins that had never BWolien beneath a warmer kiss than hor brother's? Don't you remember her great blue eyes, so deep and limpid, eyes that have never clouded beneath a lover's glance, her slender figure slowly shrivelling 'neath tho chill of an ungained love, like an unplupked apple touched by an Octolior frost? How sweet and sad her smile was, and what a perpotu&l; bunison it was ! Well, one morning I entered her room without knocking and surprised her en corset. I was astounded, and I recollect hnw I stammered out an apology as I stood and gazed upon the dying glory of that beautiful form. ' Why, Aunt Cecilia,' Imur- mured, 'what a lovely neck! What exquisite arms ! What an angelic skin 1 Bon Dieu, do tell me why you never got married.' ' Ah, chcro enfant,' she sighed, 'I could not do as they do now, pick out a husband as you do a pair of shoes and turn over the wholo stock nntil yon think you are suited, and then when the'firBt pair pinches after wearing it a little while kick it off and got another pair. No, I couldn't get what I wanted, so I went without any, Voila tout I' she added, with a shrug of those beautiful shoulders," 