LOCAL AND GENERAL. A sudden, and what wo oonsldor must bo a most unwise oliango in tho rogulntions of tho local Immigration Dopat, has boon ordered by tho Immigration Department, Brlsbano. whioh has issuod instructions forbidding tho uso of tho depot for tho housing of men other than immigrants, thus dismissing tho uuotnployod who havo, according to wiso usago boon por- ralttod to camp in tho vacant buildings, whioh lmvo oortainly not boon muoh in domnnd lately for the original purpose for whioh thoy woro built, and aro not likely to bo for somo tirao. Apart from tho quostion of kindlinops shown In allowing tho unemployed, in thoir timo of groat strait nt prosont, to fiud a rusting plaoo nt tho donot, thcro is tho vory important prnotionl poiut interred by tho ability of tho Labor Bureau authorities to oomply at a moment's notice with tho applications of planters and employers of labor. That this is dono is proved by tho faot that last yo&r; tho Immigration Agont hero was ablo to supply no loss than 700 raon through tho Labor Buronu, and it is very ovid- ont that tho new regulation will wholly nautra- liso tho very great advantagos tho Bureau pro- sents and entail muoh inoonvonionoo on planters and unemployed aliko. A meeting of the Ferries Board was held last night, tho members presont boing Messrs. Aiken, (In tho oliair), Mabonoy, Palmer, Red mond, and Rowland. A lotter from S. Annabol, iunr., re numborlmr of terrv boat at Tantltba-stroet, was road and left in the hands of the President to deal with. Anothor lotter, from Mr. W. E. Curtis, offered to insure punt on boh&lf; of tho Now Zealand Insurance Com pany.— Decided that Mr. Curtis bo informed that the Board had deoidod to tako no &Qtion.; A letter was also receivod from tho Q.N. Bank intimating that tho sum of £12 2/10 to tho credit of tho Board was now availablo. — Rooolvod. Tho report of tho Into manager, H. Bullpitt, was thereafter read, and was to the effect that tho Transit had passed tho quarterly inspection; tho sum of 13s. had boon reoeived from Mr. Steindl for soil ; for old rope sold, £1; £2 9s. ho had held sinoo 1880 to work the ferry ho handed over ; the sum of 8s. duo to tho Board ho would obtain and band to soorotary ; tbo cause of tho increaso of receipts was duo to obsonoo of flood and it was not necessary to bang np tho punt for a week as in time post, neither nad they to tranship tho passongorra to shore in a boat as was tho oaso last month. During tho post month 454 oards of tiokotssold while tho number colieotod was 10,860. Tho receipts for month woro £101 6a. A portion referred to Mr. Palmer ; it was derided, on a motion by Mr. Redmond, that it be oxoisod. Aocounts to tho amount of £134 16s 8d wero presented for payment. It was dorided that tho most pressing aooonnts, those for labor io., amounting to £67 16a 7d., bo paid. It was ogrcod that tho Clerk send oopy of bylaws to the Colonial Seoretary for approval. Mr. Row land referred to the north rido approaoh and tho sohemo for dragging away tho sand by automata hooks. Tho President said there h&d; boon great dotay said to bo duo to tho mislaying of tho punt and delay at tho foundry. It was now a month rinco tho alteration was eanotionod nothing was done yet, the work could have been comploted in ono and a-hnlf days. Tho ferry had boon taken ovor last Monday by Mr. "Walkor. Tho President desoritod the apparatus proposod to bo used, and said it could be controlled and put in and out of aotion by merely touohing a lover. The mooting thereafter terminated. A very pleasant gathering of office-bearers of tbe Presbyterian Church took place on Wednesday ovening last, when about fifty ladies and gentlemen ucro present. The meeting was for the purpose of wishing Mr. J. Coohrane god-speed on hiB journey to the old country. The Rev. J. Mackenzie occu- pied the chair, and in a brief Address stated tbat while ho much regretted the necessity for Mr. Coohrane's departure, he was grati fied to see a representative gathering presont, and trusted that . when reminded of his conneotion with the Presbyterian Churoh in Bnudaberg, Mr. Cochrane would look' bock on that night's gatheriog as an earnest of the good wishes felt towards bitn. Mr. W. Blaikio then gave a song, after which Mr. J. Topping, on behalf of the committee of man agement, tendered Mr. Cochrane their best wishes. Mr. Lamb sang tbe Old Brigade" in good style. Mr. W. G. Lewis, on behalf of tbe ladies of the Bazaar Committee, ex pressed the regret they felt at the departure of so energetio a member at the present time. Mr. J. Dawson sang the " Old Cathedral" in splendid voice, and was followed by Mr. J. Cullen, who gave " The Scottish Emigrant." Refreshments then engaged the attention of all present, and the ladies certainly deserve great credit for their efforts ia this direction. On resuming, Mr. Geo. Ross, superintendent of tbo Sunday School, on behalf of the teachers and himself, tendered their best wishes to Mr. Cochrane on tho ovo of his de parture, and in the coarse of an appropriate speech, enumerated the many good works that gentleman had undertaken and per formed daring his connection with tbe churoh. Ia concluding be presented Mr. Coohrane with a splendid address on satin. Mr. Coohrano feelingly replied, stating that bis future movements were at the present timo uncertain, bnt in the event of circum stances arising that would bring him back to Australia, bo should be only too pleased to ugaiu iu4D uu uuiivtt luieresi/ iu me cuurcQ work. He thanked the donors for the hand some addrejs, which he highly prized. Messrs. Lamb and Blaikio then sang "The Orookit Bawbee," which was well received. Mr Harding, in expressing the kind feelings that tho members of tho Band of Hopo felt to wards Mr. Cochrane, expressed a hope that he wonld, on some future occasion, return to Bundaberg. Mr. Blaikie, in his best style, sang the evergreen " I'm getting too old for it now," and Mrs J. Daweon, who was in good voice, rendered another song. A vole of thanks to the ladies who had gratuitously provided all the good things wqb passed, and the singing of " AuldLnngSyno" brought to a oloso n very enjoyable evening. Mr. G. R. Holt, whose offer to give an exhibition of the prevention, preservation cultivation, and inoculation of virns for tuberoalosis and pleura at tho forthcoming Show of tho A. and P. Sooiety has aooeptcd, arrived in Bundaberg lost ovoning for the purpose of putting everything in train for hia demonstrations at tho Show. Mr. Holt is an exnertof thirty years' standing in tho subipnh on whioh he treats, is a certificated stock in spector, and is the only man in Queensland to whom a license to oarry ont these investi gations bos been granted. That Mr. Holt has come thus betimes evinces his desire to carry to a sncoessfulissue his demonstrations, for it requires a fortnight to cultivate or ob tain tho virns from the calves inoculated, and thoreforo Mr. Holt is desirous that an animal suffering from pleura may be forth with brooght to him. There may be a diffi- culty in outaining suon a "BQDject, bub if there bo one in the district we trust that for tho sake of tho detnonxtration it ma> bo at onee placed nt Mr. Hott's disposal, so that time be permitted for tho virus to developso as to exhibit fully tho phases of the diseato in action. There will, it is anticipated be less difficulty in proouring an animal suffer ing from tuberculosis and if tho means to inoculate calves with both diseases aro givoD, Mr. Holt wil demonstrate tho difference be tween the two maladies. Mr. Holt will be presontat tho committee meeting of the A. and F. Sooiety, which is held at 230 pm. to day. Mr. Holt's address, while in Bunda berg, will be care of Mr. James M&tthewson;, Bingera-streot. G. F. Lyons and Co. annonnce in tbis issue their attention to auction Mr. Joe. Walker's very choice furniture and effects, next Wednesday, on the premises Uppor Targo-street. We understand what is to be auotioned (and without reserve) comprises tbo most modern of the kind which will be borne ont on inspection. See advt. for particulars. Madame Cavol, of Bundaberg, takes charge of the School of Arts French classes at Mary borough, giving weekly lessons every Wed nesday. Crowb Creek Tableland, Townsvlllo lotter and other items unavoidably bold over. Tmttisunl fortnightly mooting ofthoW.O. T.U. was hold on Wednesday afternoon Tho attendanco was vory gratifying, and inoludod visitors who aro not raombors of tho Union. Bosldos tho usual dovotlonal oxoroisos snored solos woro rendered by Mrs. Marsh and Miss Murdin. Mrs. Stovoun and Mrs. Pollard woro appointed to visit tho Hospital wookly . A sum of 30h. was Jvoted to buy a furthor supply of litoraturo. It was dooiaod that tho Union sonu a banner to docorato tho Oonvontion Hall in Brlsbauo. Tho matter of appointing dologntos to that oonvontion waa loft ovor uutil tho annual mooting for tho olootioti of officers, whioh will bo hold on August 31et. Thoro aro now about oighty mombors on tho roll, inoHt of whom havo paid thoir annual foo ; thoHO who havo not dono so aro kindly requostod to pay boforo tho ond of tho mouth in ordor that tho roturns for tho yoor may bo completed. For tho convonionoo of inombors who aro at businoss it has boon derided to hold tho mootings on Thursday afternoon instead of Wodnosday. Tho prosidont was instructed to sond for a supply |of plodgo books. Tho mooting olosod with singing and prayor. The Rev. A. J, Webb will arrivo from Brisbane by to-morrow ovening's train and will bo the gucsbof E. A Pile Esq. duringliis sojourn in Bundaberg. He is appointed to conduct divinesorvico in tho Queon's Theatre Sunday morning and evening, and on Mondnyat 8 o'clock will deliver his popular lecture "The Best Interests of Queensland" in tho same building. He will also give an address at the publio mooting following the tea in the Victoria Hall on Tuesday ovcnini; next. Tho rev. gentleman has had consider able experience as a pastor, and provisus to his nrrival in Australia he spent 18 years in Fiji. On his arriving iu Now South Wales he w&SBtationed; atGoulburn for three years, and nfterw&rds; spent twelve months in Syd ney, where he received a call to the Albert- street Church, Brisbane. He has always takon a prominent and aotivo part in all re ligious matters, and his visit to Buudaberg should prove of no smalt intoreBt. Sunday Services. — Tho Wesleyan and Primitive Methodists will hold united services in the Queen's Theatre at 11 &.m and 7.30 p.m.. Preacher — Rev. A. J. Webb. Sankey's hymns will bo used. The Mission Band will meet at Post Office at 10.30 a.w. and at East Bnndaberg at C.15 p.m., and march to the Theatre. Morning subject i "Tho Three-fold Cord, the Word, the Scripture, and tho Crown." Evening subject: " The Higher Christian Life, what it is, and how it is attained." He will eon- duct service at the Burnett Heads on Sunday afternoon at 3 o'elock. The members of the Prince Arthur Lodge Protestant Alli ance Friendly Sooiety. will be present nt our morning service. — On Sunday next, Rev. T. Brassington will preach at South Kolan in tho morning, and givo an nddrees to parents and children nt Sharon in the after noon (at 3 o'clock. — The Rev. M. Foggon will preach at South Kalkio ou Sunday morning and Knikie in the afternoon. — The Rev. C. Chrietensen, of the Scandinavian Luthern Church, will preach in the Rechnbitca Hall at 11 a.m and 7.30 p m. Morning subjects : " Can Christ dwell with his power in a worldly ohurch?" iu Danish. Evening subject: " Aro you earnistly engaged in the holy welFare, and what are your weapons ?" in English. — In the Presbyterian Churoh, on Sunday next, the Rnv. J. Mackenzie will preach anniversary sermons. Three Islanders named respectively, Peter or Apsarie, Harry or Kaioo, and Charlie of Arsam, were arrested on Wednesday even ing last, charged on suspicion of the murder of Joe or Papongo, the kanaka whose injuries received in the late affray led to his death in the hospital on Tuesday evening last. The prisoners were brought up at the Police- Court yesterday and were remanded by the Police Magistrate for eight days on the application of the Police. We understand that Charlie comes from Mr. Lovegreen's farm, while the other two are employees of Messrs. Nott Bros of Windermere. The post mortem examination on the body of the kanaka who died took place yesterday. The result, however, will not transpire until offered in evidence. The Messrs. Young, of Fairymead, who are ever alive to the advantages of the most modern machinery and processes in connection with the manufacture of sugar are busy completing exten sive additions to their Mill prior to crushing operations, which they expect to commence in about ten days. A new mill or third set of powerful rollers has being added which will enable them to obtain the greatest possible percentage of juice from the cane in addition to an improved method of macera tion. A new yaryan is also in course of erec tion. The crop of cane from Fairymead proper will not be so great as last year on account of a large area washed out by the February floods. This deficiency, however, should be partially made up by an additional quantity of new cane to come from Avon dale, where the firm have lately extended their operations. Three and a half miles of wide gauge tram way have just been completed, connecting the mill with the main Bunda- berg-Gladstone line. By this means the Avondale cane will be brought a distance of 19 miles and landed on the carriers at Fairy mead. In addition to a new wharf being erected in place of the one carried away by the flood, we notice this enterprising firm have removed to a great extent the large deposit of sand and have entirely replanted the area of land recently inundated. The regular fortnightly meeting of the Manchester Unity Oddfellows was held last night T hero was a fair attendance, thoagh the business was light. Tbe receipts for the ovening were £9 16a. 4d. and accounts amounting to £37 8s. 8d. were passed for payment, including £3 6a. 8d. to a brother in Western Australia who had been siok and a distress gift of £2 to another who wa« a'eo siok. Two brothers were reported as having been under medioal treatment sinoe last lodge night. A considerable increase of membership is likely to bo effeotod shortly coneauenb on the recent amendmnnt. nt i distriot rules. The arrival of tho cable-ship Francois Arago is arousing much expectation, and those who have never had the opportunity of viewing tho perfected appliances and maohinery for stowing and paying out thd great coils t.f cable, will no doubt be most anxious to visit the steamer on her arrival here. This desire ib already taking form .w. .... is io emvlo to tho Por&masber;, Brisbane, for permission to use ono of the Government steamtags at presont in Bundaberg for the pnrposo of conveying a number of our eading residents to the Francois Arago Doubtless tho Colonial Treasurer, in whore department (Ports and Harbours Offico) the matior lies, will aocedo the request, and ft moat pleasant and instructive excursion will be enjoyed. At tho Petty Debt's Court on Wednesday last the following oases were decided before tho Police Magistrate: — Eugono Ferris v. J. M. Crops, good sold and delivered; verdict for amount with costs, £1 10/6. Bnss and Turner v. G. Wntkine, Kooda eold and delivered i verdict for amount with coata in all £1 13/8. June Gear v Livingsfconv, work donoi voidict for amount, with corns in all £2. Isaao Potheoary v. Mis. Haton, goods sold; verdiob with ooste, £4 10a. The following is the report of the Labor Bureau for tho week ended August 3rd Supply: General laborers, 8; gardener 1» carpenter, 1 ; bushworker, 1, farm laborer I; fitter,!; total 18. Demand: Fireman' supplied. 1; lad, supplied, 1; horse driveie supplied, 4 j youth to milk, lj filter, X, total To-night, in the Quoou's Theatre, tho Dramatic Club appear in thoir latest and', ureaieft effort, tho military and senso'ionaV . four-cct dratmi, Guiltless. The plot, though v notiutrlcate, is admirably sustained through? : out. The opening reono discloses a recruit-, ingsergennr. at work, busby midoavoring'to v meruit volunirors for tho Quren's sorvicfl| - among tho crowd being Rriieri Arnold tho, ,Sf hero, and Joe Trlags who, with Polly tho-;; object of bis devotion, affords (ho comody throughout the piece. Tho boro takon " tho shilling," gives up tho loss fascinating avocation of ft locksmith, and loaves his kit of tools behind hiui. Sites Jarrut, tho villain, also appears on the scene ns a loafer 011 the docks; and after tho reoiuits lmvo gone on a jollification round town previous to leaving doarold Euuhnd, ho appropriates Arnold's tools, and robatho office of Trutnble, a lawyor who holds papers of St. Clair who 1b seoking a Mrs. Armfingc. Silaa ovades pursuit; bub Arnold, who is in tho houso in which Jarrott had concealed himself, relieving Mrs. Armitago with necessaries purolmred with money he had begged off St Clair, ismidotho victim of oiroumolnntial ovidencc, convictod of tho robbery and sentenced to Danmoro. In the mcantimo St. Clair, M si Armitagc. and Silas Jarrott nre on an outward bound vessel to India; and thore St. Clair discovers the real culprit in Silas, who however again escapes by leaping overboard, no appear in tho next IIUI, wilrtl IIIO o -rwimi 1 .v../ V >»>v, in < vr> t ler nt Dartmco among those under him being Arnold. Tho conviols havo planned nn escape, which Jarrclt hears of through ono of tho covicts. St. Clnir, and Mire Armitago appear on tho scene with tho news of a free pardon for Arnold; but ns tho necespary papers lmvo nob arrived, ho is nob apprised of his good fortuno. Jarrott with holds tho good news, but allows the convicts to pub their plan of escape into execution, intending to shoot Arnold if posBiblo in the melee. He is unsuccessful however, Arnold escapes, and Jarrett is denounced The scone is now entirely chnngtd, and wo nre transported') to India, where Jaok Snipo and Arnold have succeeded in meoting St. Clair and Miss Armitnge. A rising of tho Sopoys having takon place, Arnold and Snipo tako up arms under Sir. Ormond "Willoughby, to whom Silas boars a vory strong likeness. Jarrett again appears, and finding tho dead body of the colonel, impersonates him. Ho falls in lovo with Miss Armitago, who is already pledged to Arnold ; and atrange complications ensue. Reinforcements arriving, the rising is put down, and all re turn to England. There Silas, asthe colone), persists in his intention of marrying Miss Alice, but ore he can accomplish his end is denounced by Arnold, Jack Snipo, and nthars. The closing sceno shows tbe triumph of Arnold and the uttercon founding of Silas Jarrett. 