! CABIiEGrRA.MS. London, Monday. A terrible railwuy accident has taken place in the State of Massachusetts, U.S.A. An ox press train, rum illy between Ruaton and Albany, tv»< precipitated through the bridge over til.- Weslfield Rivor, and tell iiitn the liver. Twenty pasaengers nuro killed und many others were injn red. The coalmiuera on strike in Derbyshire have attempted to wreck express, goods, and excur sion trains on the Midland Railway. Great precautions are being taken at Grimsby, Lincolnshire, where one death has occurred, to prevent the spread of cholera'. Both inward and outward traffic has been prohibited for (he present. Seven vases of cholera have occurred. Immigrants are forbidden to land at Hull or Grimsby. . ; The Ameer of Afghanistan intonds to appoint his eldeBt son as co-regent with himself, und asks England to recognise his nctiou. The Australians beat Notts by an innings and 154 runs. The negroes are fighting for food at Port Royal, recently devastated by a tidal wave. About 1000 of the inhabitants were killed in North and South Carolina, and 1000 were killed in Ueaufort county, all but three being negroes. There is great distress in the English mining districts 10,000 women and children daily receiv ing food from charity. _ _ Cholera uppeurs to be spreading in England. There are 1300 deaths per weuk in Russia. There are also several cases in New Jersey, America. Piteous scenes were witnessed in Hungary in connection with the cholera epidemic. The military were compelled to shoot the peasants, who endeavoured to prevent the removal of their dead relatives. The House of Commons sat continuously from the usual hour on Thursday until nearly one o'clock on Saturday morning. The third read ing of the Home Rule bill WHS carried by a majority of thirty four. The result was ruceivnil with frantic and prolonged cheers. The House was packed aud the galleries were, thronged with spectators. Outside the House Mr. Gladstone was enthusiastically cheered, thousands running alongside of his carriage cheering and singing " United Ireland." Mr. Justin M'Carthy said ho welcomed tho bill, though not absolutely final. Tho hill was road tho first time in tho House of Lords. Mr. Gladstone will move on Alouday that the Autumn Session be devoted solely to Govern ment business, no dilatory motion being per mitted. The passing of the third reading of the Homo Rule Bill, iti the House of Commons, occasioned much bitter feeling between Protestants aud Roman Catholics in some parts of Ireland, several conflicts occurring. An Orange hall nnd fivo dwelling houses in the county of Down were completely wrecked. Best Danish butter is selling in London nt 128s per owt. Mr. Gladstone says he is aware that there are 20,000 unemployed in London, but the Govern ment can do nothing. Mr. Win. Redmond, member for East Clare, will sail for Sydney on the 22nd instant. Tho Canadian Minister for Trade and Com merce will visit Australia to discuss reciprocal trade relations. He returns to Canada , for Christmas to prepare a new tariff. France has allowed the King of Siam throe months to accept their demands. Tho steamer Oroya, which left Sydney on the 31st July, grounded in the Suns; Canal. Australians v. Thornton's Eleven.-Stoddart nnd Jackson opened the innings, and scored 100 runs in 75 minutes. They completely collared the bowling, and at adjournment for lunch the scoro stood nono out for 170. A Scotch lady broke tho bank at MouteCarlo.' She won £00,000. Later. Tho military manoeuvres at Motz were carried out on an unequalled scale, one feature being the operations in a series of tests with balloons for warfare purposes. Australian^ v. Thornton's Eleven.-The latter are all out fur 345 ; Jackson 02, Gunn 31, New ham 52. Stoddart made 100 runs in anjiour and three-quurteis, but his complete score has not arrived. THE OCEAN GUEYIIODND OF TIIE FUTCHE. -Tho prophecy that within ton years a vessel will bo ablo to leave New York at noon, and on the fourth day outstoam up Southampton Water, ought not to bo a mere effort of tho imagination, since it is made by an experienced cngiueer like Mr. J. H. Biles, tho designer of tho Paris and Now York. ThismoanH 30 knots an hour, and Mr. Bilos obtains liiu extra Bpecd by no new factors, but by develop ing tho present ones. A knot an hour is to be gained by making the engines of nickel steel instead of mild steol, and so lightening them; ono and a half knots by increasing the power of tho muohinory in proportion to the tounage ; boilors oapable of a better porformanoo, with decreased woight, are to bo found in tho development of tho light "tubulous" boilers wliiuh differ from the" tubular " locomotive boilers in that tho tubos contain tho water, and not the ilro. Tho combustion is to bo improved by forced draught, and if coal is replaced by oil as a hunt- generator, tho weight of tho fuel will be re duced bv one-half, aud a gain of oue 'and a half knots will be effected. Ships will bo made larger, and incroasod length auc' draught mean increased' sjjeed. Threo and a half knots an hour extra would reduce tho run from 5 days 15 hours to 4 days 101 hours, aud Mr. Biles finds his 30-knot speed in a* boat lOOOft.long 100ft. wide, and with 30ft. draught of water. Tho Bank Lottery Bill passod.its third roadingin the Tomnauian Assembly uftor two hours' de bate. 