, GLIMPSES OF IRISH HISTORY. tiKCrUBB BY ME, B. W. O'SULLIVAN, M.P. On Wednesday evening Mr. E. W. O'Sullivan, '; M.P., delivered a lecture in the Paddington Town Hull in aid of the funds o£ St. Eraaolo' Church. The lecture waa in response to the request o2 the i Franciscan Fathers of Paddington. The Mayor, Mr. James Dillon, prenided, and the large hall was filled. The title of the lecture was ' GHinapsefl of TT ? . V TTTT« ji _ BO . irian icaiBoory. Mr. O'Sullivan, who was received with ap plause, in introducing hia subject said that the history of Ireland was one oi' the meat pathetic and picturesque that could engage the attention of the student, ytt it was singular how little Englishmen, Scotchmen, end Welahmen knew about that country, which waa only a few hours' steam £rom their own ohorea. Thone who were . accustomed to express their approbation oil the efforts of the Poleoj Hungarians, Greeks, and Sclavn to free fchoDanelvea seemed oblivious of the fact that in Iroland there bad been a f3trogglo foe liberty for 700 ye&ra;«=a straggle that tranaoendod all ofchera for poraiotoncy, determination, and Bal£ BBoriSca. (Applause.) Thic ignorance waa the faulfc of tho English historiano, who Deemed until lately to ignore the irioh ia the moat prejudiced manner. The laofcarer than quoted Chateaubriand, the. great Fronoh waiter, to show that the histo rian who the avenger of nifcionn, and some day justice would bo done to Iceland. Proceeding with ins. lecture, ho ouid there had been several immigrations of primitive peoples to the nhorec of Iceland — among othero the B'iirbolgp, a Belgic race—and the Tualla de Dunaanc, a toll and blue-eyed raco evidently o£ Scandinavian origin. But the i'gco which had conquered these and left ' the greataofc mack upon Ireland waa fche Celti berian, who had so long kept fche Somans at 1 bay in Spain. These were a misfcure of the ibeuianOj the aboriginal race of Western Europe, and the Celts, an Aryan race which had come through Gaul to Spain., The relics of the Iberian race were to be seen thiD day in the Boequesjwho inhabited a portion, of Spa-in. Tho Eomans called this raae the Plots, because they painted them-' selves ; they wqi:o aioocal.ed Scots, from a Goltio word meaning fco out and slash. Tho naiae Celt raeans the inhabitants of a forest oe eoveirt. The Celtiberian racess having conquered Iceland, invaded Sootland, to which fcney gave their ?name. The lecturer then gave a sketch oi pre-Chsiatiau Ireland. Slavery prevailed there0 and the Irish ware in the habit of making raida apon the coast of Great; Britain to steal the population, for the purpose o£ making ;. them slaves. He then described the Brehon lans, the land laws, and the religion of the early Irish, which embodied oun-worship. The land belonged to the clan, and not to the individual. The king's successor was elected before hia death, in order to . prevent strife, i£ the heir v/as a minor. Over the kings of the provinces was the Ard-Beagb, or ehief king, who lived at Tara. The advent of S-:. Patrick, and his wonderful conversion of the Irish ?without the loss of a life,, wao then pourfcrayed. Then followed a glowing eulogium upon the golden age of the Irish Church, and the extraordi nary soceeoG of its miosionaries in Great Britain and Europe, a long list of fche saints and scholars being giveno The speaker quoted Pro fessor Ooldrcin Smith, and Green the historian, to show the success of the Irish monks and scholars all over Western Europe. He said theirs was ho ' small pot soon hot' enthusiasm, f or their missionary labours lasted Cor 400 years, and would have been greater still but for the Danish invasion. The lecturer also dwelt upon the artistic fcoto cf the early ChristSGH Irish, as shown by the gold and other antique ornaments ia the British Museum. There were more relics of thio character found in Ireland than in any other country in Western Europe. The career of Brian Boru was outlined, followed by a vivid and detailed deooripfcioa of the Battle of Clontarf. , The lecturer oaid Brian. Boru was no mere myth, bat a veritoble hero and wise kiag. Had he lived 20yeara before, the hisboi-y of Ireland might have been very different to what it had been. (Applause.) The Anglo-NormaE invasion was then dilated upon, and every phase of it made . clear to fche audience. The names of the com panions of Strongbow were also given, stress beinp? laid nnun f;hfl Grfiraldinsn. who p,f}-,ppwn.vr3^ \- played ouch a prominent part ic Irish history. The establishment oO the Fale was also touched upon, and fche lecturer said in the long-continued wars of the Irish with the Anglo-Normans patriots of the most heroic character came to the front. ;. In any other country the historian would have . almost deified come of these. He gave an account o£ the performances of Art B/I'Murrongh (or Kavanagh) as a type of these heroes. The lecturer then gave a detailed list of the old Irish clans and the AHglo-MoE'mtin settlers, showing in which dis Criot oiiisn. were located. Tho effort; of Edward Bruce to aoize the Irish crown was then men tioned, and his defeat and death in the attempts pourtrayed. The rise and fall of the famous Geraldinea of the Hora&e; o'2 Kildare wao then dwelt upon, the lecturer showing the onormoos power which the Fitzjjerclds had attained till the ill gated rebellion of ' Silken Thomas' in fche reign ofi Henry VIII. Cardinal Wolsey was the real author of the overthrow of Kildare. The rebellion ot tbat pictures que Irish chieftain, and the still more formidable revolt of ' The O'Neill,' Earl oi Tyrone, was given in full, with the chequered career of each chieftain, followed by the ' Flight of the ' Earls.' The establishment of the plantations of Ulster and the Confederation of Kilkenny, with the tremendous efforts of the Irish to £roe themselves under Owen Boe O'Neill, followed. The lacturer said taac the Uoai-'ederiition of Kilkenny was a genuine Irish Parliament, cud it marks high tide in tho efforts of the Irish to regain their nationality. Ho sho r?ed that in those dayo tht- Irish soldiers abroad subscribed to assist their countrymen in Ireland juofi as the Irish colonists do now. He described the Battle of! Bsnburb and the defeat of the Hnftlishj as well ao the death of Owen Eoe O'Neill, and indicated the reasons of the failure of the confederation. Tho coming of Cromwell, hia maaoacroa, bio wholecalo oviotiono — ' To Hell or Connaughfc '— and the failing of that drastic and cruel meooure, v/ere aloo given with grei^f 2s:?aB, The war between Jnmea II. and William IH, with th$ conflicts at Percy, the Boy ae, Aughrim, and Limerick aivl its violated treaty, were alao delineated, The penal laws were sread in foil, and the lecturer asked every Englishman, Scotchman, or Welshman if ho would bo contentod under tmch laws ? Mr. O'SulIivan v/ent on to scy that those who atked why thu Irish ore dis contented only exhibited their ignorance of what had bcon done by the English in Ireland. The firsb effect of thtse ioiquitouo lav70 had been_to drive tena of thouGRFido oil splendid young irishmen into the service of foreign couatries. The lecturer showed hf the records of the French War Office that 450,000 Irishmen had died ia the French armies alone from 1691 to 1745 j and pos sibly an eq-sini number from that period to the Revolution. All this was irrespec tive of tho enormous number who had E^one to Spain, Austria., and other countries aa soldiers. Spanish history was full ol! the exploits of heroes with Irish names Buch aa Blake and O'Donnell. The liberator of Chili bore the unmistakably Irish name of O'Higgins, and he w&8.a descendant of one of the ' wild geese.' P?ell might George II. eKclaim tit the Battle of Fonfceaoy, after he had witnessed the disastrous reoulfcs of the charge of Dillon's Irish Brigade, ' Carsed be fche lana which deprive me of Buch subjects.' The lecturer then described the rise of tho volunteers of 1782, anl the deeds of Flood and Grattan ia the Irish Parliament. The rising of '98, fcho Union, Catholic Emancipation, the famine, theexoduo of the Irish to America and Auotralin, the Young Ireland Party, the Foni^n rising1, and the Home Eule movement were also touched upon and explained. The speaker claimed for the Irioh people that they had given an exhibition oC pluok and peroeverance in their long-continued (struggle fcr justice and liberty that v?ao unequalled by any other race, and said that though tbe Home Rule movement might be retarded a while. longer, it must ultimately auc ceed, beeauso it was based upon right and equity. (Applause,) The Irish would continue their agitation for ttie boon till.ic was won, even if they had to get it piece by piece. (Applause.) Eeferriag to the tenacity of the Irish people on the matter, he concluded his address, amid loud and prolonged applause, with the following well known lines :— ' Though beaten back in many a fray, Tet freshening1 strength we'll borrow ; Aud where tho vanguard reat3 to-duy Tho rear ohall camp to-morrow.' During the evening several appropriate selec tions from Irish music were given. The overture was played by an escesllent band under Mr. H. M'Hahon, which aloo played a selection of Irish melodies. A chorao, -c Hail, Glorious fat. Patrick,' was well given by the children of St. Francia' choir (under tbe direction of the'pastor, Eev. P. B. Lawler, O.S.F.). Vocal and instrumental num bers were rendered by Misses Wilson and Rey nolds and Messrs. Eiley aud Burke. Miss Andrews acted as accompanist. 