OUR HOME LETTER. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT."* London, Michaelmas Bay, 1893. The news from Russia is conflicting, • but on the whole not comforting. I was recently in Copenhagen, where I had the honour of being scowled at by the Czar of all the Russias. No doubt His Imperial Majesty marvelled—and objected—to see a Jew ■ so close in his entourage. The instinct of aversion was reciprocal, and I have since had nightmares wherein I have constantly been coming into contact with Alexander the Cruel, and always missing my opportunity to shoot him dead, and I have felt horrified at not committing murder ! Among Danish circles it is reported that there is to be a sort of armistice in the enforcement of the laws against the Jews. But Russian advices maintain that the quiet of the moment is but intended to cloak the preparation of further and more cruel measures. The last news of any importance which has appeared in the English papers is a telegram from the Shanghai correspondent of the Standard, stating that the Siberian Jews, of whom there are 20 or 30,000, are to be driven into a narrow Jewish pale even there. Now, Siberia has not the reputation of being the most hospitable of homes nor the most genial of dwellings, but Jews can be acclima tised even there, and there is a pantagruelesque refinement of cruelty in making exile from Siberia a punishment and a terror. Meantime, it cannot be said that the Argentina colonisation scheme is turning out anything but a ghastly failure. Largely the fault—or misfortune—lies with the munificent Baron Hirsch him self. The modem Moses has not that unique quality of his biblical prototype which made the ancient Exodus an historical success. The man Moses is not humble. He is impatient of contradiction, distrustful of subordinates, and uncertain in policy. Colonel Goldsmid grew restive under his interference and found it impossible to continue to bear the responsibility of nominal command on the River Plate. And now his successor, Mr. Kogan, a Russian him self, practical engineer and yet enthusiastic patriot, has found the burden too heavy, or, rather, too irksome, for him also ; and is now once more in London confessing failure. The Russo-Jewish papers grumble at the Baron pretty openly—the Zephira more than all. There are numerous Jewish journalists in Russia, I mean men who write for the Jewish papers. Several of them have conspicuous ability, like poor Mr. Zederbaum, of Moscow, who used to edit the Hamelitz, till his death a week or two ago, and who amused us all a couple of years ago, during his visit to London and Ramsgate, by his shrewd, but cynical, expose of Jewish affairs in his country. Now , these. journalists, of whom Zederbaum was a type, are peculiarly independent and they have not scrupled to criticise the Baron's plans and to denounce the faults of his administration. In fact, they have all the Chutzpa (only he uses another name) which our great but . shocking guest, Monsieur Zola, attributes to continental journalism as a virtue resulting from the practice of signing newspaper articles, and which anonymous journals is supposed to lack. In English papers and magazines there is some sign of a reaction in favour, or at least in extenuation, of Russian legislation against the Jews. This is a circumstance anything but reassuring, especially as the tendency has exhibited itself in a quarter where it was least expected. Mr. Hall Caine has an article in the Pall Mall Magazine on " Russian Jewry," which is a little disquieting. He finds excuses for the Tchnivnik as well as for the Moujik, and refers the persecu 1 tions to economic rather than to religious grounds. He suggests that the Jews themselves are not altogether blameless, and that public opinion in Russia (can public opinion exist there ?) would be ' more likely to be influenced by English philanthropy if the English would moderate the tone of their denunciations, and be less sweeping in their condemnation. His argument is that the outcry against Russian atrocities has been too vehement for success. There may be something in this, but the effect upon us of the article is not quite satisfactory. We feel a little as though we were given away by our own advocate. Although the author'3 picturesque style needs no extraneous aids, the artiele is enlivened by some gloomy yet realistic sketches by that clever and rising young artist, Miss Nellie Cohen. She portrays Polish scenes as witnessed in Whitechapel, but applied to a Galician, not Polish environment. Altogether there seems a little confusion between the Jew of Galicia and his brother in Russian Poland. This is due, no doubt, to the fact that cholera and other considerations prevented Mr. Hall Caine last year from more than touching the Russian frontier. The magazines teem with references to our co-religionists—too much so to suit the tastes of some of us. We have Mr. Oswald . Rinon's views of a Missionary Judaism ponderously criticised by the Kecord. We have a nasty attack on "gombeen " Jews of Ireland in the Lyceum—probably the first symptom of anti- Semitism in the Emerald Isle. We have Messrs. Schloss and Burnett's Blue-book on Foreign (meaning Jewish) Immigration to the United States, embodying their report to the Board of Trade of their commission from Parliament to investigate how the Americans try to exclude from their country the undesirable colonist. We have the Christian Weekly, in an article which bristles with figures, calculating the cost of the Jewish religion in London at £146,000 per annum. This sum, by-the-bye, is only slightly in excess of that constituting the annual revenue of the Jewish Gemeinde in Berlin. Lastly, but not least, we have a whole series of little stories from , the rapid pen of Mr. Zangwill. " Ghetto Tragedies," "Thumbnail Sketches," "The King of Schnorrers," and so on, are only some of his clever writings witb which we are being almost flooded just now. It would almost seem as though the phenomenal success of the " Children of the Ghetto " had enticed out of their respective cup boards the skeletons,of- scfme-pf-. their family and friends. Things once published in 'magaziheV hn^, annuals long since defunct, and things " declined ..with thanks," ardjjjqw seeing the light of day. And there are those!who stronglv object tp the prominence which is thus being given to Jewish' mibleis and fables as likely to arouse Eislnts. Mr. Zangwell,- young- though he is, is too able and versatile to be limited "in -his repkrtdirtfto one street or lane, even if the street in question be that in which he learnt and taught for two thirds of his life until now. A tragedy in real life, of which boy lover and chorus girl were the victims, and which occurred on Kippur night, and shocked us all, is quite in the style of our modern novelist. For the rest, he is most certainly a rising man, and recognised even by the Echo as one of those whom it enshrines as the " celebrities of the day." New Year and Kippur services in the synagogue have been celebrated with all the fervour of the past, tempered by the decorum of the present. Except in the Central Synagogue, where the tuneful Polish melodies of Mr. Spero continue to charm, the tendency becomes more pronounced every day to leave chazonuth in the back ground. Psalms and other Bible readings in Hebrew and English, and sermons twice or even three times in one clay, occupy time formerly devoted to the tuneful rendering of sonorous but slightly unintelligible Piyutim. The result is a distinct improvement in the reverential aspect of Divine service, but at the cost, occasionally, of making it less human. The casual East-enders who go to the Free School service do not regard themselves as quiet or trammelled by the fetters of decorum, and accordingly it was not altogether sur prising to find that when the Rev. Susman Cohen, the new Dayctn, whose voice might be stronger, had been addressing them for a few minutes and they thought they had had enough sermon, they started a stampede from his preachment and the great hall of the Free School was half empty. Charrington's Hall, at Stepney, however, was the great feature of the holy days. On the Day of Atonement nearly 8000 free worshippers attended. Their garments showed that they were of a superior class to that which usually attends the Free School services. They were all orderly, and the Rev. Mr. Scliewzik's stentorian voice was heard throughout the hall. Indeed, his indi viduality was, if anything, a little too pronounced. On the whole, the experiment was a complete success. For one thing it showed us how great the foreign increment in our community has become. Lord Rothschild showed his interest in the services by coming down on Wednesday and reading to the people out of the Book of Jonah. And he has just purchased, in conjunction with Mr. Montagu, a large piece of ground in the neighbourhood on which to erect a hall for use on the festivals. This will in future make us independent of the generosity of Mr. Charrington. With the Prayer Hall is to be associated a sort of residential Jewish Toynbee, for the accom modation of young University men who may care to devote some of their life to the East End. There is not likely to be much difficulty in discovering such men. One of them may be a promising young fellow who holds the oars at one of the colleges at Oxford, and is a worthy representative of musical as well as muscular Judaism. The death of Mr. George Samuel throws a few of our leading families into mourning, but has hardly any special communal interest except in as far as it brings a colossal fortune to his nephew, Baron Henry de Worms. It thereby increases the Baron's ability to support the Ministerial dignity should the Conservatives ever return to power. The fight for Home Rule, albeit unsuccessful, has, it is whispered, secured a baronetcy for the member for Whitechapel. The birth of our new Jewish Historical Society has at last been officially announced. The " letlre de j'aire part" takes the form of a prospectus inviting subscriptions at a half-a-guinea per annum, and the invitation has already been widely accepted. Mr. Jacobs and Mr. Lucien Wolf (a leading light of the Journalist Congress just now) are the most promising of the workers, but Mr. Israel Abrahams also is going to lecture on " Jewish History " in connection with the University Extension movement. The Maccabeans are just waking from their summer torpor and settling a programme. They differ from most people, and their form of hibernation is activity. Their next guest will be Canon Barnett, better known as Warden of Toynbee. PELONI. 