TBS GASDEtf AND THE FIELD. JAPANESE PRODUCTIONS. [By Ageicola.] There must be strong points of resemblance between the climate of Japan and Southern Queensland, or we should not find the fruits of Japan so hardly and productive as they have bo far proved to be. Most people are more or less fnmjiiar now with the Japanese Persimmon, sometimes called the Chinese Date Plum. In Japan there are almost as many varieties ot tbe rersunmon as mere are ol i apples in England. like the apple, these varieties are grown of every size, colour, and ; shape, and are just as prolific and freely used by the Japanese as the apple in those countries where it is thrifty. 1 be Persimmon appears to be just as thrifty and prolific here as any fruit we have tried, and being so luscious and prolific we may reckon in course of time to have them almost as plentiful as bananas. There U as yet no surplus crop of the fruit for preserving purposes or for ex portation, vrfaen that time arrives, however, it is well to know that the fruit dries beauti fully, either by being cut through the middle, a desirable method of dealing with large varieties ; or of drying them whole as lb generally done with small kinds. The fruit when ripe and properly dried is exceedingly like the data, hence the name it often goes by —the date plum. Another Japanese fruit which has evidently come to stay — at least ia Southern Queens land — is the Japanese Plum. It belongs to tbe old country plum family — prunus dam?stica—9,nd has been sufficiently tested ia the south as to be now largely planted out by orchardists there as a rery promising fruit bearer. Only in tbe coldest portions of Queensland territory has it hitherto been found possible to raise remunerative crops of tbe old familiar plum ; but In a few years from now — judging by appearances— this Japanese immigrant will furnish onr tables with abandonee of delicious and enjoyable fruit. Enterprising orchardists in Central Queensland are already experimenting with this fruit, bat up till the present little is known about it as a fruit-bearer here. That is not surprising, however, as for a few yeare after being first planted it inclines to run to wood, after which it mostly settles down to good honest work in fruit-beariug. The stock best suited to this plum in Queensland ib the peacli, because the plain, stock is not quite as hardy in the climate, and moreover tho plum stock is terribly given to suckering, wbicb militates terribly against fruit-bearing. Another Japanese fruit in tbe form of a berry is can sing inquiry. It appears to be prolific, and each fruit is covered with a cap sule until it is ripe, which serves as a natural jrotectlon from birds and depredating pests. Is we remarked a,* first that the productions )f Japan appear to be readily acclimatised lerc, the probability is that in the course of a Little while this new introduction will prove to be another indebtedness we owe to the Taps. Careful cultivators, observers, and bybridisers should give this last mentioned fruit a special triaL Its name we have for the present lost memory of, but it figures largely in Messrs. Anderson and Co.'s new catalogue of seeds and fruits and can from them bt purchased. A butter bonus Bill in South Australia pro mises 2d. on every pound of butter exported, provided it is approved of by tbe Govern ment, and there is not less than 500 lb. sent away. FiUpaU, a crossbred cow between I)evon and Jersey, calved in 1864 and con tinned to do bo regularly up to 1885 ; and during the twenty two years of her ns3king career she returned a total money value for butter of £353 17s. Gd., tbe prices being those of die West of England. There was no appreciable falling off in monev value 'nrii her 20th raif and prior to that the average per annum was £16 16s. There are few records that can show so long and profitable a career. The Danish farmers have increased their Bales of bacon in England from 4,000,000 lb. in 1R81 to about 200,000,000 in 1892. The hogs range in weight from 1801b. to 2301b., and are fed on barley, rye, wheat, peas, boiled potatoes, skim-milk, batterniQk, and whey. The bacon hog is best produced in conjunction with tbe dairy. The fat on the back should not exceed 1 1 in. in thickness, and tbe shoulders, sides, and bams are cured in one Piece. v- ;U.-. . The most complete tests of dairy cattle have talfAn place in connection with tbe Chicago Exhibition. In test No. 1 the Guernsey, for fifteen days, averaged 4*48 per cent of butter fat, the Jerseys 4*53 per cent., and the shorthorns 3'58 per cent. At some recent English show the gold medal winners gave in butter, from twenty-four hours1 milk, 21b. Uoz., 21b. SJoz., and 21b. -Hoz. Sweden, recognising the importance of the Jersey as a batter-producer, has recently im ported some 200 head. On a dairy farm in A&ker;, near Christuma, Norway, a Swiss, who attended the cows, was taken sick, and was obliged to give up his work for a time. When he finally re turned, &ad; the cows heard bis voice outside the stable door, they began such * demonstra tion that the passers-by thought there was a serious disturbance in the building, Altbonch the cows had been lazily chewing their after iinner cuds, four broke loose from their iastenings, and all the others acted as though mad with delight, and became quiet only nrhen their friend had gone the rounds and petted them and called each by name. Soil that is fehaded becomes rich in ammonia. This is 6een in forest land's, or even under large rocks. The soil is dark coloured ilmost as a rule. Of course the fallen leaves, twigs, and other waste from the plants, help largely to produce humus ; but apart from this, the actual shade and protection from light and heat helps to enrich the soiL For this reason it is economical to keep the land covered with crops both summer and winter. The crops will shelter the soil and prevent impoverishment by the sun, and any im poverishment from the plants can be com pensated from their intrinsic value to the owner. An interesting ' block test1' took place at Whitchurch, Shropshire, recently, when Colonel Rivers Bulkeley, offered three valu able prizes to the farmer, the butcher, and the dealer who should hand him the nearest esti mate of the carcass weight of a fat 6hortliorn heifer be was about to slaughter. One hundred and sixteen competitors lodged esti mates; the live weight of the heifer was 11321b.. and according to Mr. M'JannetE table its dead weight should have been 649 lb. The estimates ranged from 567A lb. to 7101b , if one of 800 lb. be excepted. After slaughter and hanging the usual lime the dressed car case was weighed, and scaled 641 lb. It was afterwards found that eight of the competitors had guessed within a pound, having written thirty two scores (201b.) on their cards. Writing on the subject of horns, Mr. 5?- W. Gibson, a large stockowner in America, says : — It is now some time since the discussion about dishorning closed, and it is interesting to note tbe result. Farmers seemed con vinced that horns are for no kind of use, but are daugerous, troublesome, and expensive, and they are quietly disposing of them as fast oue half or two-thirds uiuleys, made sjtf^the use of a polled bull, and in this s?Son at least most fanners, while not yet ahf&Lo; get all polled cattle, will hive a polled bulL Bayers pay a. Uttle more for hornless cows, and stoekery or feeders without horns arc at u considerable premium over others. On a recent visit to tbe Chicago stock-yards I was surprised to see such a proportion of polled or disborued cattle, showing that, whatever critics may think, tlie farmers themselves have decided against horns, so that like the Chinese 'they must go. Tbe practice in weaning calves varies from the time the calf is dropped until it is several weeks old, but we think at two or three days old is about the right time to take the calf away from its dam. The calf will suck in a little while after it is dropped, and no matter bow much the cow's udder is inflamed she will let the calf suck and butt all it wants to, and it uses its privilege freely. It is thought this butting is of service in reducing inflammation, on the principle of counter irritation we suppose ; bat at any rate the cow will allow the calf to handle her odder much more roughly than she will let a man rub it, and either tbe rubbing or the butting ought to be done. Another point in favour of letting the calf suck for a few d&yB; is that for the first three dayB after calving the cow is more liable to have mQk fever than subse quently, and if her calf is with her she is much better satisfied, and will keep very quiet ; and this state of quietude is just tbe one we want to keep her in, as any excite ment at that time is just as dangerous as to the human mother under the same circam 