ENGLISH TE&EG;&AM8.; LONDON. February 11. Immediately after his installation Mr. Cleveland haa promised to bring in a bill lor tha abolition of the Silver Purohaso Aot, Mr. Balfour, in tha Houao of Commons, bantered Mr, Gladstone, and alleged that be was showing signs of inore&siug; age. Mr. Gladstone sharply resented this, and Mr, Balfour apologised. The Khedive of Egypt has returned to Oairo. Bo waa wall rsoaivod during his BoutUern tour. Professor Wallace speaks highly of Aus tralian butt«r. He tninks butter produced from Australian grass will soon ha batter liked than Danish butter. During a fearful atom in the Atleutio the captain of the steamer Pomeranian was washed overboard and eleven of tha crow, Baron Lesaeps is in a comatose state, and does not know of his santonoo. He is 88 years of age, and the Paris papers domancf hia pardon. The heira of Baron llainaoh have handed to the liquidators of the Panama canal the Bums bequeathed to them, as the money was acquired by fraud. The Canadian Parliament have passed a voto of sympathy with the sufferers by tho floods in Queensland, They oxpress their willingness to send help. It is Raid tho feeling in Hawaii In growing in favor of auuoxation to the United States. Tho Paruellitea arc very dissatisfied at the refusal of the Government to release the re maining dynamiters. They demand tho re lease of all Irish political prisoners. A strong effort is being mado to bring about an ocean penny postage. Thoro is a growing feeling in Us favor. The British forces in East Africa havo defeated the Somalia severely, and tho out break is supposed to be crushed. Tho remarks made in the Ilonae of Com mons on Thursday night by the Home Sec retary, in opposing Mr, John Redmond's amendment, have bitterly exasperated the Parnellitea. Mr. Redmond's amendment de manded tho release of the dynamiters and other Irish prisoners convicted of treason and felony. Mr. Aaquith strongly opposed tho motion, declaring that tho men convicted ns dynamiters had been guilty of a most heinous class of crime, and should never receive from him treatment any different from that awarded to other eriniiualo, adding that the terrible and reckless methods adopted by the dynamiters placed them outside the pale of political prisoners. The Government, he Raid, must at nil hazards refuse any indulgence to such criminals. The House of Commons yesterday in debat ing the address in reply, rejected the amend ment moved by the Hou. James Lowther in favor of legislation to restrict the immigration of destitute aliens into Great Britnin by 115 votoa. The address in reply to the speech from the throne haa been passed by the Ilonae. Advices recoived from Transvaal report that serious floods have occurred, extending over & large area, and the oonsequenoaa have been 'most disastrous, mines having been inundated and work stopped, thus throwing the men out of employment. Houses have been washed I away, the inhabitants in many cases barely es i oapiug with their lives. Great damage haa been also done to the railways, traffic being at a complete standstill owing to the linea in many places having been entirely wrecked by the waters. So far no IOBS of life is reported, February 18. An extensive discovery of gold has. been made la Canada. It is said to be a second California, The place is being rushed, In view of the proposed partition of a portion of Morocco by Spain and Frauce, the Govern* inBiit of Great Britain propose to ereot aertain fortifications at Tatigief, Tangier is considered necessary by Britain for the profceotiou of I Gibraltar, It is announood that the Daks of York, only eon of the Prinoe of Wales, iB engaged to Princess May of Teck, to whom his brother, the Duko of Olaronco, would have been married had he lived. Peter Jaokson, the pugiliet, haa posted £500 for a meeting with Corbett. It is reported that a movement ia on foot for the seizure of Herat by Eussia. The Nova Vremya commends it, as it feara that England will have the place if Russia does not get hold of it. The inhabitants of Iceland wish to emigrate in a body to Canada, and are asking the Can adian Government to help them. The Ottawa authorities are making provision for 2,000 families, 