ANGLO-COLONIAL GOSSIP. TFrom our own Corrosnondont.l London, l'ticeniuer 9. Mr. Georgo Fowler's friends in Australia will be pieasod to learn that, after convaltuis a physician about his ribs, it will not be even necessary 'or him to lie up. ' Keep a oliutar op,' said the uC^tor, ' and you'll goon ba all right.' He will probi?'*1* be going north in a short time, leaving Mr. i)aviu i*Wler in chiof command in li'ast India Avenue. Mr. Martin, the London partner of Messrs. D. & W. Murray, has been staying reeently with Mr. Drew iu Wiltshire. Mr. Draw was out the other day shooting, and secured by his own gun 229 head of miscellaneous gamo, chiefly pheasants. I hear that he ia vwy proud of the exploit. Mr. Cecil Sharpe made one the other day at a lunch given by Mr. J. T. Turnbull to a num ber of South Australians at the Langham HoteL Mr. Turnbull is off to ths south of France, whence he may go to Australia later on. Mr. Bailey is now ' in tow' with a cele brated engineer respecting his outer harbour scheme. Air. Bailey, jun., who has established for himself quite a reputation over here as a shrewd young Australian, is returning by the Port Denison. He goes to Melbourne, and then overland to Adelaide. I hear that considerable enquiries are being made on this side from the other about rha market for grapes. A big Adelaide tirm of merchants are prepared to risk tho trade on a large scale if proper assurances are only forth coming here. India is a big field too— in Cal cutta alone there is a largo export trade done from the Continent. Sir John Bray says he ha3 had several good financial filers made respecting the new South Australian Loan. Dr. Alexander Johnson, Vice- Principal of McGill University, made the announcement the other day that there is a prospect of the British Association meeting in Canada ia 1895. Dr. Alexander Johnson in his speech suggested that *' if over the Anglo-Saxon Olympiad be really established, though it may be^in its work in England, it will naturally tend to -the point most central and most convenient to the whole race, and wheire, he asks, will that be ia future, if not in Canada?' It is rumoured that Lord Ilosebery considers the Home Rule scheme :-3 rearranged by Air. Gladstone to be unworkable. If Lord i!o3e bery leaves the Cabinet he will probably be followed by one or tv.-o influential members. Mr. H. \V. Lucy, in his new book, the ''Diary of the Salisbury Parliament,' tells a goodstorv of the Foreign Secretary. On the afsuraoon cf a certain day when Lord Ilosebery had an evening party at Uerkeley-square, lie tnsfc a Scotch farmer of his acquaintance in Picca dilly, and he asked his fneud to look iu at tha party. The fanner came, and after a tima found his tv.iy into the refreshment-room. Among other tbing3 of which he partook WB3 an ice-cream— something which he had never tasted before. He took a large tea spoonful, and though the tears came into his eyes over the job he managed to conceal h'i3 discomfort; but on seeinp Lord Rosobery he thought it well to give him a warning or else ht* might have to go through the same agony. *' I don't; suppose you know, my Lord,1' hft loudly whispered, ' but I think I ought to tell you. There has been a mistake somewhere, snd this pudding's froze.' Lord Rosebery quickly grasped tlie situation, and with the most serious countenance tasted the ica- cream. ' Sk- it is.' he said ; ' that's very strange !'; Then to all appearances he made an enquiry of one cf the servants about the mishap, and re ttirnf d and said to the fanner. ' It's all right ; I am told that this is a new kind of pudding they freeze on purpose.' Mr. flavin Anderson, who was one of the London Boaul of the Uank of Adelaide, has died after a long aad tedious illness, and his departure to that 'bourne from which no traveller returns' is mourned by a large circle of friends. It is reported that Mr. Leonard Harrold will succeed Mr. Gavin Anderson as a Diraotor of the Bank of Adelaide. South Australia (says a London contem porary) has been rather unfortunate recently in having her financial status misrepresented by Ithe' cable fiend,' the agency responsible in the first plnce being Reuters, and in the second Dalzier*. Sir John Bray (the Agent-General) went down to see Mr. Sage and the Misses Horna brook off by the Parramatta. Sir John and Lady Bray weie at a recent reception given by Lady Jincr. Lady Joune is considered one of the clevr-rest women in England and the author of some recent severe strictures upon £ngli$h society in the North American Reeieic. ?'Australian Acjriculture' is to be the subject of a paper before the Royal Colonial Institute by Professor E. Wallace on February 14. Professor Harrison Moore, the new Professor of Law at the Melbourne University in succession to Professor Jenks, presided over the ' Eighty Club' feast when Lord Ripon orated there the other day. The Rev. G. E. Rowe is stiil lecturing about the country on Australia. He has been up near Aberdeen and visited Lord Kintore's estate?, where he told the people amid much enthusiasm about the Governor's journoy across Australia. When Lord Kmtore gets back he will be looked upon as a marvel. Over 200.000 Broken Hill shares are now held in London. They have fallen this wcok from about £6 to us low as £-1 -«. Sd. The fall is probably caused by the faob that one of the Australian Banks almost entirely sold out its holding; tbe second is the fall in silver and the feelire of distrust created by the Monetary Conference. Mr. Alcock has managed to arrange a list of matches for tho Australians conditionally that a representative team comes. At tho meeting of County Secretaries the Chairman, Secretary of the M.C.C.. impressed upon the cricket representatives that it will never do for a non representative English team to be pitted againBt the Australians in the championship matches. There is no doubt) whatever that the visit is not altogether welcome to tho leading cricket authorities, and if tho Aus tralians are at all thin-skinned they would come in 18!M, as Mr. H.i.vue and tho majority at List met-tinp suggested they should. Miss Nelly Farrea nursed Fred Leslie in his fatal illness. T'ie last news was that ha was getting better, and then cams tho ultimatum that he was dead. At the time of hi* death lie was making £'3,000 a year, and after just ''one season more' he thought, like Mr. Terry, of having a theatre of his own. His populariti es testified to V-y the notices in the papers and the snows of telegrams and other communica tions his relatives aro receiving. Typhoid fever produced the fatal results, and as usual no one knows how he caught it Some of the London papers havo been making merry over tbe fact that John Jenkiu £on was called from cleaning a boiler to the Upper House of Sew Zealand. ' Knowing nothing,' says the staid Stamford, *' personally of any of these novi homines, we confess to a nerhapa hasty preference for tbe Hon. John Jenkinson. Ho is a boilermaker by trade, aad was haid at work when the news of his apijointmeufc was brovght to him by a tele erHjih boy. The honest fellow thought tint socr.ebody waa trying to 'get at hiai,' aad consequently refused to come out of his boiler. Does l* not recall the incident of Cincinnatus, the farmer, who was suddenly made Kotnau Dictator? When tho envoys reached him from the Senate he was, according to the Latin historian ffacit cum sicrcoranlcm. in o'jrit), engaged m the humblest of agricultural occupations, but on being told ho was wanted on important business he just shouldered hw fork and went away and conqntred the enemy in less than a fortnight. On the sixteenth day \ he was back again at his small holding. But the Dictatorship was an unpaid oihV:e. In New Zealand every Cincinnatus gfcta his three pounds a week, and therefore they aro in no j hurry to repeal the Septennial Act relating to their membership of the Upper Uoasiv' The success last season that attended the efforts of the Royal Auglo- Australian Society of Artists — when eomo 290 British and German works were collected and forwarded i to Melbourne for exhibition— has stimulated j the Society to greater efforts thia year, with | the result that they are to be congratulated j upon having secured a much larger and really good collection. It hal been intended to havs included in the forthcoming Exhibition, which takes place next March, an Italian section, I but aa the time has been too short to do it properly, and also as it ia desired to ; give aa much opportunity aa possible to ' Australian artiste, it ha* been decided to j abandon the idea. The collection, a private view of which was afforded the London Press on the 7th inst, numbers some 350 works, the greater portion being in oils. Waterooiours, however, are well and quite adequately repre sented. It i» noteworthy to find among the 150 artists whose works go to make up this collection that there are nine RA.'s. thirty eight R-W.'s, and twenty-nine R.I.'a. The largest picture and one of the most striking is Mr. W. A. L. Britten's 'The Huguenots.7' This picture occupied the place of honour at the last Exhibition in the Groavenor Gallery. Mr. Britten, a rapidly rising young artist, we may add, is now engaged upon painting the frescoes in St. Pauls Cathedral. Mrs. Gotch's 'In the midst of life there is death' also finds a placa in the collection, aa well aa T. M. Hemeya 'The captain tha last to leave,' J. Malton Festin's ' La Sposa' (a bridal rr.orn ing), Topham's 'Samuel,' Japley's 'A Venetian funeral,' A. Hacker's 'Return of Penephone'— a totally different definitionfroui Sir Frederick Leighton a picture, sketches of which it will be remembered were exhibited daring last season. Among thewateroolours is a very fine study of a female by Sir James W. Iinton, also T. B. Harvey's picture of ' The Tower of London.' This painting ia the largest watercolourthat has yet been exhibited, and is a remarkably fine specimen of its class ; by-the-way, this artist paints with both hands at once, the right andteft hands doing the right; and left side of the picture reape^tivoly. Two very typical English rural scenes painted by Waterlow and Clayton Adams respectively. 'The Month of May' and 'Tho Month of June' should givu Australians a good idea of what tbe old country is like during her period of transition from ?;?r:r.g to summer. Therg fere ttiabjr other excellent vvo:3«d by WattaioW, D. Murray, F. Bishop. Dbtmole. Wiedon, Ycend-King, and E. If. l-'ahey, including somo fine specimens of tho nonr popular Jfewlyn School. Jt is understood that the Society, if a sufficient number of guarantors would come Forward, would be glad to exhibit the collec tion at Adelaide. Some experiments have beon going on a% Kew Gardens in connection with tho hardy ?pecies of eucalyptus, but without success. I'hey will not grow in the open air through our winter. Sir Eenry Tichborne, Bart., whom tha 'claimant' tried to do out of hi3 rights, has aeen fined 500 guineas by Mr. Justice Collins For absenting himself from his duties aa Sheriff ]f Hampshire. Sir Henry has gone to North East Africa on an exploring expedition. A London correspondent of one of tho provincial papers suggests that the 'doiuhty' 15aronet night follow the high-spirited examplo of a Sheriff of Devonshire some years ai»o, upon whom a testy Judge inflicted a fino of 500 guineas for not having provided sufficiently luxurious loggings, 'Make it a thousand, my Lord, for tLe credit of tho county,' replied tha Sheriff, and, if the correspondent remembers rightly, his Lordship did. Mr. Erasmus Wiman, a wealthy Canadian resident in New York, has published a pamphlet in which he proves that th9 Canadian population now resident in the United States numbers 984,000— aii increase in ten yeare of 37 per cent. Mr. Wiman says that this is the largest percentage of increased immigration hitherto known, and states that the figures show that one-fifth of the popula tion of Canada have found homes in tho United States, and this is tho largest exodus known of any country in the world. Commenting on a telegram announcing the Fact that a Bill has been introduced into the Victorian Parliament imposing an incomu tax on absenteeism the£)'i!-/ Ctiraniclcahservoa: — ' We cannot wonder that the desire to tax the absentee should manifest itself in Aus tralia, though the evil of absenteeism is only in its infancy in that country.' A challenge is onfc from a team of South Africans in this country to play an Australian fifteen at Ilugby football some tisno before Christmas. The contest between Joo Goddard, of Aus tralia, and Peter Maher. the Irijh champion, at Coney Island, New York, last night, for a purse of ?7,5C0, was, says the telegrams, 'short, sharp, and decisive.' Goddard took the kad, and getting home at thn nut33& with ?ome terriSc blows, wa3 declared the winner iu the third round. Mr. Henniktr Heaton has returned to the sharg© about Imperial penny postage, aad BTges that until w have a uniform Inijierial penny postage— that is. the system utider ivbich the l'Impire would beco:ne a single postal district, and a penny stamp would frank a letter, not inerelj' fromstreet to street- or county tc county but frojaoncundof theQaeea's dominions to the other — wo cannot havo Imperial Federation. Mr. Heaton confidently looks forward to tho time when some great statesman wil! grapple with tho question. Ta the racantirno a correspondent points out that an article in Chxvibcrs's Journal in 181!) first started the idea. Earl Dysart, who ha? sailed for Amtralia is a wealthy noWeman of weak health. Hr is passionately fond of music and of travel, lie is childless, and when he reaches thirty-five years of age his income will b-; nearly doublet!. lie succeeded his grandfather, an ccsoniric oUl Peer, who practically imprisoned himself iu two small rooms for tbe last year of his life (perLaps for the salc« of his conscience), :md who. if he hftd not l»een an Earl aud neb, would have been committed to a madhouse. The present Karl was probably baptized a Christian, but he changes his religious principles about every year, and is at present a Unitarian : perhaps ho will found a sect of his own if he stays long enough ia Aus tralia. Mr. Alfred Gilbert, who is the nev.- Acada mician, is a brother-in-law of Mr- George Quick, an East and West Indian merchant, who is juet opening up » branch of hishn*me3S with Australia. Mr. Gilbert has recently beon stayinp at Sandringham, on a visit to the Prince of Wali-s. His Koyal Highness always refers now t-- the late Duke of Clarence jas ' my poar br-y.' At Sandtingham ashore time back one of ths Prince's Danish brothers was stayine. and turned out on a damp morning with goloshes on. The Prince met him — 'What, what,' ho said, ' a man wear goloshes : go down inti- the villngo and ordwr a good strong pair of boots — what, what !' It ia curious to not« that most of the male members of tho Royal Family past and present aro in the habit of re peating there words. State assisted emigration on a huge scaln i* once more coming to the front, but what ia tho good, even if they would go, of sending ofF to the colonies a crowd of cockneys who don't know a cabbage from a turnip* The social question is coming more and more to the front. and it ia the belief of many people that it must either end in revolution or emigration, or rather migration. I don't think it will bo emigration, for the socialistic ideas so pre valent tend to do away with independent action of the individual and makes him a gambler, hopinsr ever for something to turn, and if men suddenly como to tho oonclu sion that nothing is likely to turn up and starvation staring them in tbe face, then comrs that desperate turn which people call revolution. 