THE MERCURY. HOBART: MONDAY, JANUARY 2, 1893. EPITOME OF NEWS. Arnold-Barnett final concert on.Thursday afternoon. ... , ., New Year ushered in very quietly at ni***t'"*> eteorological Observer forecasts fine weather to-day. Max O'Rell concluded with "Drat the Boys" on Saturday afternoon, i 'Tasmanian railway tariff is to be revised. Many present concessions will be withdrawn. ^M Heavy bush fires in Victoria. Riots among unemployed in Madrid. i Austria issues a loan of eighty million florins.' New British coinage will-be issued during the current month. Chief Justice Higmbotham died suddenly on Saturday last. Official receiver appointed to deal with " missing word ' money. United States Congress may possibly not meet until next autumn. Immigration restrictions in United States likely to be rigidly enforced. Eleven thousand bottle makers on strike in Yorkshire. Cholera bas appeared at Gravelines, in France. Repression of population still prevailing in France. Another dynamite disaster in America. Four lives lost. Victorian butter selling well In London, but frozen meat is a drug iii the market. London School Board considering desira- bility of free dentistry for school pupils. W. ii. White and Co. bave bought SOU tons of Cape grapes for Covent Garden market Tillet, the labour agitator, has been sum- moned for inciting the recent riots in Bristol. Sydney Tattersalls Club races run in showery weather, and on a wet course on Saturday. Severe winter in England gives oppor- tunity for skating. Fifty thousand skaters a day on tho London park waters. Champion wood chopping match for £100 a-side between Marshall and Reeves comos 'off to-day in Melbourne. Tidings received of the s.S. Umbria. She had broken her shaft in contending with terrible gales. Mrs. Maybrick, weary of prison life, is said to have attempted suicide by pricking her lungs with needles. Cotton strike in Lancashire shows signs of ending. All the mill stocks of yarn are ex- hausted. President Harrison threatening a final kiok at Canadian trade before he relinquishes Presidential office. Orleanists, Anarchists, and Socialists all extremely active in France, and revolution seems closely looming. > The dispute with insurance agent com- panies, concerning the s.s. Port Pirie's cargo of Tasmanian apples is approaching adjust 'ment. Alleged confession of a Dublin chemist, 'who says he was the author of the recent dynamite outrage, has been published in the Oahgnani Messenger. ' < . 'If the age of chivalry is dead, the age of adventure ia not. The desire to penetrate the uuknown, like Hope, spriug's' eternal ia the human breast, ?nor is it to be suppressed by the relation ,of the sufferings of others, or by'un- pleasant and dangerous experiences of our own. The world has ' not now 'many mysteries, nonesuch as »raised to enthusiasm the Spanish explorers of America, or thrilled aa adventurer when he stood " silent, on' a peak in .Darien," and saw rolling before him a vast ocean never seen on ' that side'by ¡European eyes before. The' mysteries iwhich still remain, outside of'-Africa which aire there bett few, belong mainly to the two poles of the earth,' from which man is shut out by icy barriers whick, so ' far, he 'has not been able to pass.' The , Australasian,,colonies showed a lack of interest in Antarctic exploration whichjsjmt little to their credit, and which, moreover, 'says little for their enterprise, as explora- tion in the direction of the South Pole might have revealed to,, them new ? openings for industry, "and fields of wealth that are now quite unculti- vated. Some day/no/doubt, Aus- tralasia will wake up to a sense of the importance of a thorough, exploration of the ¡southern sea within the Ant- arctic Circle, and then' means required for the work will be readily found, whilst, possibly, some further advance may be made towards the penetration of the geographical mystery which appears to be at pre- sent absolutely insoluble to mankind with the means at present at its com- mand. Some day, perhaps, and it may be at no very distant one, Maxim or some one else may bring to practical use an aeroplane or flying machine, in which adventurers will skim over the icy barriers and solve the mystery of both Poles, should not, as now to be attempted, one of the mysteries be penetrated by ruder means. Perhaps, some day, too, we shall again hear of those submarine ' boats, concerning which there were many reports not very long ago, and Jules Verne's romance about Captain ! Nemo be realised, the mystery of the Pole being solved by going under the ice instead of over it. This, however, presupposes the existence of an open Polar Sea, of which we have no proof at either Pole, though there are some reasons for the belief that around the North Pole there is open water, and that the temperature is not so low at the Pole itself as at some distance from it Finally, mankind li:w the choice of waiting a few -hundred thousand years, or, perhaps, longer, until there shall be such a change in the inclination of the axis of the earth as to cause ene of the Poles, once again, to have a high temperature, but this is a contingency which science hardly takes into its calculations, especially as there are persons who hold that in some ten millions of years or so, a few millions does not matter in this calculation, the heat of the sun will so decrease as to leave only a dead world, all living things having been de- stroyed by the intensecold of space which will exist when the heat of the suu lias become exhausted. Whether before that time man will have learned to tap the great central fire of the earth, which it is now asserted lies at a depth of only some twenty miles beneath our feet, and So warm himself for a period, it is hardly worth while to speculate, as wo may leave posterity to take care of itself-if it can. ' In the meantime we have before us a determined, and possibly practical attempt to solve the not very great mystery of the North Pole. Explorers have thrust or wormed themselves in towards the Pole with more or less success, so that there remains but a comparatively small area to be .now explored. Dr. Nansen, a Norwegian, famous for the wonderful journey which he made across Greenland a short time ago, has come to the conclusion that to his lot has fallen the great work of solving the mystery of the North Pole, which has baffled mankind so long. He does not propose to use any novel appliances, such as balloons so often suggested, but to get, as it were, in a bull-headed fashion at the pro- blem. He laid his views before the Royal Geographical Society of London in November last, somewhat in the fashion, it has been said, that 'Columbus must have spoken to Queen Isabella of Spain, but without carry- ing conviction to the Arctic Travellers who haA ooo^uibiecl there to hear him. We have already given a slight sketch of his reasons for believing that he will be able to accomplish what he has undertaken, but it may be as' well to further detail his arguments, so as to show how enthusiasm and adventure are sustained by careful observation and reasoning. The key to the case is, the known fact, which no one doubts, that there are powerful currents running southward from the Arctic Ocean, which carry with them gre»* masses of ice, or iceberg«, which dnrt far into the so-called southern seas. It fol- lows, of course, that if there arecurrents running south from the direction of the North Poid there must be currents running north towards the Pole, or the Polar sea would soon empty itself. I The point essential to what is pro- posed is, to ascertain the exact posi- tion of the northern flow, or rather the position of a current which flows north-east towards the Pole, and south-1 east away from it. This is what is assumed to occur, so that anyone fol- lowing the course of this current would be carried from the extreme northern shore of Asia on to some 'portion of the Greenland coast, or extreme north of America. Three questions naturally arise. Does such a current exist; can its starting- point be found ; and, as- suming it to have been found, can it be followed so as to allow the Polar Sea to be^crossed somewhere in the vicinityvof tne"Korth Pole ? On this point Dr. "Nansen has accumulated "a mass of evidence.which convinces him, though others are not quite so sure that he has solved the problem. The southern currents are admitted to exist and tboy presuppose a northern flow, but can the locality of thoao currents be fixed ? Dr. Namsdn has come to the conclusion that they flow past the New Siberia Islands, some- where near the mouth af the Lena, and we may surmise that they are caused by the vast volume of water poured into the Arctic Ocean by the mighty rivers which drain 'Siberia. At all events, it has been found ¿hat,, articles from the Jeanette, a vessel lost in Siberian waters, ¡a harpoon thrower, and drift- wood covered with minute organisms only existing on the Siberian coast, have |beeu found on the other side of the Polar Sea. Dr. Nansen concludes that; they must have been carried by currents across the Polar Sea, probably in'the vicinity of the Pole itself; and that where they have been carried/ tlie ice is carried too. i He proposes, there- fore, to-run his ship, made for the purpose, into the ice, and let her drift ¡with the ice across the Polar Sea. If ¡the vessel1 is ' wrecked, which he holds to be improbable, as~she is,specially constructed "'to resist'pressuie, they will live in boats on the ice, andiso go along until they reach1 the1 otherside. Practical explorers doubt whether the jce can be counted upon ¡to drift as supposed, as it may take1 many~years to" perform'the journey or ^may, not inove at all, whilst it is i questioned whether even bardy Norsemen could survive for four or five years a life i on drifting ice. . ,- , > ¡ i ' ? People who put their own shoulders, to tho Wheel deserve public assistance. This ¡b the accepted modern as well as ancient application of the old proverb that Provi- dence Jielpt those who help themselves. The Beñtiment is being illustrated at the present time by the young men who represent junior cricket in Hobart, and who, from the fact that the level ground in the Domain near the Queen's Battery is shortly to be occupied for Exhibition pur- pose«, find themselves deprived for a while of the place at present used for t/ieir mimic contests. It is only fair to say that hardly a murmur lias been heard at the inconvenience to which these jnnicr cricketers are to be put. They seam to recognise with true patriotic spirit the importance of the Exhibition being placed iu as central and suitable a spot as possible, even at their expense, and instead of getting up an agitation at the interfer- ence with tbeir comfort, they have sst them- selves in a practical way to see if they cannot find another spot which they can occupy instead of that to be t.ken from them. And tbey bave found one, if only they o»n obtain the necessary permission from the authorities to play on it for a time,' and this they certainly ought to bave no difficulty in securing. The spot is situate on what may bo called the Upper Domain, on the New Town side of the present Associe tion ground. It is suitably level, and though not at present cleared, would present little difiici.lt} in the way of getting it ready for next sea on. It is not intended that it shall be fenced in for the use of junior cricket, though a request to that effect might have something to be urged in its favour if funds were available. The only desire is to supply the place of the prêtent ground, whiob will soon be trodden nndertóot by the Exhibition I workmen, especially aa there is no other place available in the neighbourhood of the city for the pu rp >sc. The Junior Associa- tion have the matter m hand. The Minister of Land« has already been approached on the subject and is understood to have no objection to the portion of the domain referred to being temporarily dealt with in this way, while those members of the Domain Committee who have heard of the suggestion are also in favour of it. There is, indeed, very little to be urged against such a sensible proposal, whioh dis- plays so much self-sacrifice, as well as self reliance on the part of those interested. The junior cricketers, anl the puulio who attend their contests in su:h large numbers, have as a matter of fact » right to be con- sidered under such exceptional circum- stances. The project fchould take practical shape at once, so that no time may be lost in getting the new site ready for the popular ' game by the time it is wonted. Tue shipment of 30S tons of butter per steamer Rome, from Melbourne to London, shows the rapid expansion of the butter factory sjstem. That shipment ar- riving in the London market in the dead waste and middle of the winter season should net in round figures £30,000. Tas- manian farmers are not yet within measur- able distance of achieving even a tithe of such result, but there is no reason why they should not, step by step, emerge from their present backward position, and if they can- not produce butter for export at least mike sufficient to supply all that Tasmanian people require, and completely wipe off; the item from our list of im- ports. It is a standing reproach that Inferior grades of Victorian butter are shipped by the ton to Tasmania and sold at prices far above actual worth. The Board of Agriculture is doug good work In dis- seminating a knowledge of practical butter and cheese-making among our farmers and their household', but It is as yet proble- matical whether Tasmania will win a name for both p* tides. Experts know well that the prrJuciug of good cheese is a science which comparatively few - people ever master, and depending, primarily, on rich milk, it is absolutely necessary that the cows should be fed ou heiltby pasture!. Thousands of aores-of our ordinary gross land will need laying down in En- glish grasses auefulty nourished and culti- vated to healthy growth before satisfactory cheese-making will be accomplished, though with that artie"'» " with butter, much may be dof t0 keep out importations of indiftc-^Qt Btuff- New Zealand has already p..-ved the problem,'and last year exported some 4,000 tons of . cheese, valued at £250,000. Victorian farmers are urging the Government to give bonusis for cheese pro- duction a« they bave done in connection with the butter trade, and similar argu- ments aro being used in Sew South Wale». The fact that Canada in lb91' sent to England cheese valued at £1,901,700, and during the year just ended even more, is t-dvanced as a reason wby the Australasian colonies should do likewise, Great Britain consuming annually nearly £5,090,080 worth of cheese more than her onn farmers can pro- duce. Tasmania, however, will bave to watch, and leam, and wait. It will be a giant stride when our dairies can give us all the butter we need-a sound, reliable article. Al St. David's Cathedral yesterday, Bishop Montgomery had a great deal to say upon social and commercial morality. Having said that he loved this land, had great confidence in its capablities, and saw much that was good and admirable in the people, the Bishop wenc on to condemn reckless specula- tion and the spirit of gambling that ii abroad to the neglect- of the great ?principle that "righteousness exalteth a nation.", i He did not assert that these faults are more apparent in Tasmania than else- where in the Australian colonies. Indeed, we believe that they are not so general here, for a greater proportion of our peopl» -'° engaged in industrial pursuit» tuon in the «n,.... »ainnio. Uofurcunate'y, through- out the world very much of our grandly talked of civilisation is nothing better than mean profits filched from those fellow . beings whom others have succeeded in crushing in an unhallowed struggle for money, for place, and position, and for how many centuries has the same thing prevailed ? Biblical reoords bIiow ub the same spirit prevalent in human nature back to the da} s of Cam. Only the " mode pf doing it" seems to bave varied, In,the dayB of the Jew ish dispensation they did not deal in " scrip," but Jacob's sons even gambled over disposing of their brother's coat after selling him into slavery. Astute roguery masked under the term "push ' and " go," " cuteness " and " smartness " is, and it seems ever has been, commended by every successful business man in all the great centres of commerce throughout tho 'world. 'Hie most remarkable featuie,about it is that it is all of a piece with that mysterious natural law which extends to tho animal and even to. the vegetable kingdom, so glibly expressed by the phrase-" Survival of the fittest," - To the mornliot a°d the reflective ¿his power pudloo the will when they se'e'it in opcratiou on the stock exchange, ¡u the market-place, on the racecourse, and in all trades and callings. Tho only new featuie about it is ' that' as civilisation ad- vances and population' increases, in creased competition' gives the spirit of speculation and iguobleness in commercial life a more pronounced form, often extending I to gambling'of the most'reckkss' character, J All this Beetns very sad tu our preachers and teaobers, and we are driven to exclaim, *' What is the world coming to!" No doubt I a more reasonable and better way than that which is presented by the hard and inscrut- able force of competition will some day be brought into practice, but so far all the | beBt men in the world have failed to find it out. All we are able to do is to make laws to punish a man for becoming a thief and a robber. , , ' = The ,Govebmient PaiMEA.- On and after to-day Mr. William Grahame will have charge of the Government Printing Office, in the plaoe of Mr. W. T. Strutt, at present on leave of absence, and who will ultimately retire from th» position. Mr. Wm. Hogg Will be overseer and riader in the place of Mr. tírahame. ! Temjkbs Accepted. - The following tenders have been accepted :- Crown Lands Act, 1890-Roads, Monto's Marsh District (Mr, Callum's sélections), bridge over Russell's Falls River, contract 10, F. and H. Dart, £60 2s. Id. Roads, parish of Staver- ton, road to «elections of Meséis. Willson and Day, contract 6. D»y and Willson, £60 13s. Road«, parish of Narrawa, road to telwtions of Messrs, Hogg and Hoare, con- tract 14, G. Turner, £85 18s. 8d. Roads, Ashwater and Stowport district, road, branch from road east of Chasm Creek to selections of W. H. Atkinson, contract 61, F. Morris, £93 10s. Roads, parish of Nietta, road through Button's to Selections of, Messrs. Mcore and 'Davey, and extension to Goold's, contract 6, Mcpherson and Biddle, £9i 7s lid. Parish of Marrawah, road, Montagu to Pieman through Green Poiut Tier, contract 4, C! B, Grey, £65 10s. Tub Public Srbvicb.-The following tenders have been occepted for the under- mentioned service during the year 1893 ; Annual Contracts - Hobart : Supplying pauper coffins and interment of deceuscd pauper«, at the public cimetcry, Cornelian Bay, W. Petterd, each collin, with inter- ment, lae. 6J.J coffin only, 11«, (id ; extra mileage, 2s. öd. per mile. New Norfolk . Pauper coffins and interment. Hospital for Insane, New Norfolk, coffin and interment, A. Fyle, £1 9s. 6d. Launceston : Rtmoval of ashes from public buildings generally, Clarenco Bracken, at la. 3d. per load. .v;. > i' Akts Examination.-A «pedal meeting of the Council of Education was held at noon on Saturday to receive the report« of the Examiner« In the Art« Examination held early in the month. Of the six candi- dates whose papers were sent to Melbourne, four passed the ordeal, viz.:-Messrs. L. S. (¿orange, J. H. Keating, 8. Pioken, and J. R. Kule. The others failed to satisfy the Examiners. Railway Tariff.-We learn that a now manual of rates and ¡emulations will shortly be published by tho Mailway Department. Alteration« will be made in some of the rates which were current on the Main Lino at the time of purchase, and which the Department deemed it desitabio to continue (or a time. A withdrawal of the concession of return tickets at single fares will ho mc de In the case of persons attending auction sales, church meetings and conferences, and child- ren travelling to and from boarding schools, aud in other cases of a like nature. Wo un- derstand that particulars of all alterations to be effected will be advertised in the course of a few days. Weat.ikr.-Mr. H. C. Kingsmill, mctero logical observer, reports that the rainfall returns for the week ending DecetnLcr 31, are : Southport, le paints ; Mount Nelson, 15 ; Hobart, 7 ; Swansea, 43 ; Oatlands, 5 ; Falmouth, 10S ; Mathinna, 35 ; Gould's Couutry, 114; Swau Island, 17 ¡ limu Bay, 191 i Waratah, 8 ; Apslawn, 88 ; and Spriugs (Mount Wellington), 55. Fiue weather has prevailed during the week in Hobart, but cool for the time of year, and enjoyable for holiday makers. A high barometer indi- cates fine weather for the day. New \ ear's Eve.-The main streets of Hobart on New Year's Eve wero crowded with people, and in the glare of the gas- light the thoroughfares presented a similar animated appearunce to that of Christmas eve, excepting that the number of p.raona in the Btrects was scarcely bo large. No doubt the fact of Its being a Saturday night contributed to increase the number of folks who wcrejout " doing the block." Of course the hapj.y greetiucs of friends and acquaint- ances were on this night changed from '* A merry Christmas" to " A happy New Year" all over the pUcc. What a pity that all these good willes are not realised, anil then everybody would be happy ! Many of the tradespeople comphined tint business was very slack. The Towa Band enlivened the streets with music ; also several lots ofbo)s with their dummy bands of ' tin can and Uettio "instruments," headed by gum-tree bushes to servo as banners. Two of ¿hese kerosene brigades once came into collision, and they let each other know it and the publij too. " Game ; why don't cher keep to yer proper street !" said the leader of one band to the other. The " old man " within was ruffled on both sides, but the affair of honour, like all modern duels, was settled with one evasive shot on each side, and the intense excite- ment of the moment was relaxed. This waa the only street "fight" of the night. Towards 11 o'clock some mild Urrikiuism wes indulged in by the rougher element. A few children of larger growth appeared with blackened fac-B, rushing after little boys and girls causing them to run heiter skelter. A few people sent up coloured lights on their own account, but this time the display of fireworks at the wharfs, owing to there being no steamers in at the time, was very meagre. There was Uttlo or no di unkenness about and no broken heads, but lorne cut ones. Fred. Jones, 24, labourer. New Wharf, was found by the police with a cut head, near Westella, in Elizabeth-street, He complained of an assault committed upon bim by several other men, and waa conveyed to the hospital, where Pr. Maxwell cut and dressed the wound, after which he was taken home. Alfred Carpenter and Catherine Leathley, aged 40, of Macqasrie-street, were brought to the hospital with cuts on head and face, and attended to. Their injuries were not, however, serious. At the stroke of 12 the bells of Trinity Church rung out a merry peal, reminding the citizens that Tho year was gouo beyond recaU With all its hopes and fears ; With all its bright and glodenhig smiles, With aU its mourners' tears. Obituary.-The diath is announced of Chief Justice Higiabotham, of Viotoria. ?¡IttJiraKan Afen of the Time gives the follow- ing record of the deceased :-" Higtabotham, Hon. George, barrister-at-law, born in Dublin in 1827, was educated first at the Royal School, Dungannon, and subsequently ut Trinity College, Dublin. He then went to London, where ho waa a student at Lin- coln's Inn, and became a reporter on the Btaff of the Morning Chronicle, having as one of his colleagues at tho time (1849) the late Mr. Butler Cole Aspioall-a ' gentleman whom he was destined, at a later date, to meet at the Antipodes. In 1853 Mr. Higiu botham was railed to the Bar, and in the following year urrived in Melbourne, where he contributed to tho Herald and practised his profession. In 1856 ho succeeded Mr. Edward WilBon as editor of tho Aryus, and conducted that journal very successfully during «bree years ! he then severed his connection with it, and returned lo his practice at the Bar, which soon bogan steadily to improve In 1801 he was re- turned to the Legislative Assembly for Brighton, and voted as an independent number. At the next general election ho was again nominated for tho same place ; but as he refused to give any pledges and declined to say whether he would or would not sup port Mr. Healos, he found himself between the fire of two enemies. The Government supported the candidature of Mr. Burt, and Mr. Brodribb was selected to do battle for the Opposition, which was led by Mr. (now Sir) John O'shanassy. Mr. Brodribb was returned, but he resigned his seat about nine months afterwards, being obliged to visit England. Mr. Higinbotham ugâïu carno for- ward for the vacant seat, and was elected. Returning to tha Assembly he opposed the third reading of the Land Act of 1862 and tho Electoral Bill. On the dofeat of the O'shanassy Administration in June, 1803, Mr. Higinbotham accepted the Attorney Generalship under Mr. (now Sir) James McUulloch, his colleagues being Messrs. Heales, Grant, Michie, Sullivan, Franc's, and (now Sir) George Verdon, with Mesara. Hervey and Fellows (now Judge) in the Upper House. Mr. Hteiutotharn soon b came one of the most popular men in Vio- toria, and was the idol of the great bulk of the people during the well remembered struggle between the A sembly and the Council in connection with the new tnnff of 1865, the * tack,' the Darling grant, and the dead-lock. Mr. Higiabotham strenu- ously and persistently opposed the action of the Upper House all through that excitàg timo, and wnen tho second McCulloch Ad- ministra ion wus formed, (after the retire- ment of the Sladen Government), ho refused to go back to the Law Offices' so long as Victoria was to be governed by instructions sent from Downing-strcet. However, he consented to act as Vice-Président of the Board of Land and Works, without salary. At the general election in 1871 he was, to the astonishment of the whole colony, defeated at Brighton by Mr. Bent, who, though now rather a prominent member of the Assembly, was then utmost unknown. It was supposed thut Mr. Higinbotham was less alive to local interests thun his constituents desired, and hence the change. Mr. Higinbotham then took no part in politics until the nc*t general election, when he wa3 returned for Brunswick, but he soon after resigned his seat, being unable to agree with the thou Government, and being uuwilling to vote against it. His legal attainments ure of a high order, and he is one of the very best speakers in Australia. CAMPANOLOGY.-As is their wont on New Year's Eve, a squad of Trinity bellringers, consisting of Messrs. Milsom (master), Johnson (deputy-master), D'Emden, Stops, Brand, Mcvilly, Roberts, and Quarmby, assembled in the belfry to "ring out the old and ring in the new" year. Punctually at 5 minutes to 12 o'clock the bells pealed out, and after striking a few rounds, each one, commencing from the treble, was called out so as to arrange that the tenor should be left to pull 12 strokes at midnight, and the idea was very well carried out indeed. As the last "blow" was struck, that told that the year 1892, with its many sad associa tions, was really gone, the other bells came into position, and a course of Steadman triples was rung, the striking being very even all through. At the conclusion of the ringing Alderman Johnson invited members to his residence to supper. A COBE.KOTION.- Jas. Stalker writes as follows :-" In the report of the case at Glenorchy, in Friday's issue, your report, Boswood v. youth Stalker, states, "the latter (Bosaood) said he did not care to take upon himself the responsibility of thrashing the youth, so ho summoned him before the Bench, a course which one of the magistrates commended." This is not true, as such a statement was not made either by Boswood or the magistrate. City Police Court.-The hinch was occupied on Saturday last by Mr. W. Tarleton, P.M., and Mr. George CriBp, J.P. I Budget Osborn was fired 5s , 01 in default \ seven days'iinprÍBOunient,forbeiii)¡ drunk and disorderly in Bithurst-strcet on Friday night. Thomas Linton, age 22, and Mary Egan or McUonild, ago 50, were fined 20j. Od. each, or in default one month's imprisonment, for behaving in au indecent manner io liitrursl- I street at midnight on Friday last, This was all the business. ,- i Wawii's Bed Book.-Tho 1893 edition of this useful and widely known publication is again up to date, and ready for use on the first of the New Year. This is tho 31st Issue of Walch's Tasmanian Almanac, better known as the Red Book. The increase of public life ia the colony has made constant dcmandsforspsco until thcworknow consists of 400 closely printed pages, twice its original size. The character of the moss of valuable information it contains is too familiar to need detail here. Nothing of interest or Import- ance has becnonitted. Everything that ought to be there is there. And what is so very cssmlial in a work of reference, tho clissi&cation; and indexing of all subjects, has been carefully exceuu.!. It has been carefully revised throughout^au¿ although here and there slight errors «ill doubtleaobo fuund, the Red Book fur 1893 will be as much the iudispeusable local vade, niecum as any of its predecessors ever were. The Red Book may bo summed up ss til« Tasmanian Wliitakor. It is neat'y bound in cloth, and was printed, as usual, at tho general department of The Mercury office. The customary maps and dairy are included, and altogether the almanac reflects oredlt on all concerned in its publication. The publishers ure:-Mesera. J. Walch and Sons, Hobatt; Wal iii Bros, and Birchall, Launceston ; Simpkin, Marshall, Hamilton, Kent, and Co., London. " Church News."-The issue for January is ready, and in addition to the ordinary contents we note :-" The Light of Mela- nesia," "A Need ofour Times," "TheNow Year," '. On Church History," " New Zealand." Catholic Standabd. - Subscribers and the public generally vill to-day obtain the January issuo of this publication. In Due editor.al review of tho past y rar the tem- poral sovereignty of Bis Holiness the Pope linds special mention. " Peom.e's Friend.*-This publication is full of articles intertsting to tempéranos leaders. " The Old Year-The Now Yoar " is reviowed in congratulatory terms, the cause of Temperance having steadily ad vanced. , Tasmanian Art Gallery-.-A very large number of visitors have paid a visit to the Musoum and Art Gallery during the past wo k. The recent additions to the gallery, kindly lent by Mr. Tom Mason of Carnar- von, have been greatly admired. Tho large painting, "Cornish Wreckers escaping from the Coast Guards," isa splendid study. The death of Mr. Keeley Halswelle, the artist, quite recently was a great loss to the art world. Born at Richmond, on the Thamis, Mr. Keeley H als welle was at the time of his dejth in his 59th year. Hit life-work had ranged over several departments of art ; he began his career as a black and whito artist on the staff of the Illustrated landon News. His first picture was exhibited in the Royal Scottish Academy, und he subsequently studied for some years in Spain, and Italy, earning a considerable reputation by his piotuns of Roman conUdium and kindred Buujccts. "Non Ang i sod Angelí," in the Syduey Art Gallery, is his priacip.il picture i f this period. Eventually the artist found hs ti uo line in Undscipc painting, choosing his subjects now among the lakes and moun- tains of the Scottish Highlands, now among tho reaches of the River ïhames. Be was one of the first of those who made their summor habitation in Iioubo boats, living fiistin an Oxford barge, specially fitted up for his purposo, and aftcrwardB in the Kelpie, a houseboat de luxe, built by Messrs. Sam Saunders, of Goring, at a coït of about £300. The various and beautiful incidents of this romantie life, and even the inconveniences from whi«1! the existence is not entirely free, ho reproduced in canvas giving iu 1881 a successful exhibition of 1rs sketches, under the title " Six years ina houseboat." Mr. Halswcllo was for many years a regular contributor to our leading exhibitions, his last jea-'s (1890) academy picture, "High- lands and Islands," being a wild elovin scene with a brilliant rainbow effect. He waa an associate of the Royal Scottish Academy, and a member of the Royal In- stitute of Pointers in water colours. ' Bis death took place suddenly in Paris. In an artlclo published in tho Daily Gi apiñe on June 16, 1891, the following account is given : - " Thoso who remomber the ad mirablo sories of Thames pictures by the lato Keeley Halswellc, exhibited some years ago under the title ' Six years in a houseboat,' will not be surprised to hear that his sketches and studies re ilised good prices at ' Chris- ties ' on Friday last. Many of these works were very slight, but there was a freshness aud breeziness about them that rendered them especially attractive. None of them went under 30gns., and the more important fetched 35gns. co 40gns., and in some in- stances 50gns. They really commanded higher prices in proportion than the finished pictures. The entire sale realised £6,768 3s." "Drat the "Boys!"-Max O'Rell con- cluded his brilliantly suoeestful series of comedy lectures in Hobart on Saturday afternoon by giving hiB' pot resumí of I* John Bull, Junior, under the colloquial appellation of "Drat the Boys." Curiously enough the audience included a predomí- nanos of adults. There were untipodean specimens of the younger Anglo-Saxon pre- sent, of course, and they omitted not to intimate their comparative importance in the community, but modestly took the front «eats. . The suggestion that nervous pater fam lias, apprehensive of future mischuf, was present to exercise an inquisitorial sub editorship over the coaching of young hopeful in " points " was very properly promptly ex- tinguished. Having boon master in one of the largest English schools for several years the lecturer knew-or, os he put it himself, " ought to know " some- thing about the matter, and could be trusted. More probably hiB prcsenco was attributable to an anticipated revel in juvenescenop for an hour on the last day of trie old year to dispel the somewhat melan- choly reflection that another notch was nearly complete ¡allis timontick.Max O'Rtll's merry handling of a class of British school- boys can ¡ed lum back to the halcyon days when ho eat ou tho form and gave the plural of ¿gal as two g »la. His supercilious und twinkling eye showed how much the " vim " of the lecturer's flashing raillery tick lo ci him in tho summing up of John Bull junior as a good little boy,, making alips sometimes, but mistakes never ; always knowing his lessons, but, memory, being a weak point, sometimes forgetting thuin ; and nerertel ing stories! To expect to ; find the Britisn schoolboy at fault, said the lecturer, was to court ii series of disappointments. Sparkling illustrations of schoolboy wit were drawn with word and chalk. Ono must suffice hore : - Teacher : " lWhat do the English people eat on the 29th December ?" Boy : "Roast duck." -"Why?" "Because Drake defeated the Spanish." The lecture was no le^s enjoyable than any preceding it.' Afternoon Concert.- At the ' last 'and finul îecitil for vio in and piano, to be givou by Messrs. Arnold and Barnett on Thursday utternoon next in the Temperance Hall, a feature of the concert will bo the perfoim ance of a movement from the second piano- forte quaitotte of Mendelssohn ; another concerted work will be the " Andante and Allegro de Coucort," from Mr. Barnett's own pen for solo piano, with string quintette accompaniment. This composition is being repeated in answer to a special request made from many quarters for auothor hear- ing of this biilliant work. Musical.- Mr. W. West, late organist of St._ Paul's, Ballarat, who is "at prêtent on a visit to Hobart, officiated at the organ in St. Andrew's Church yesterday forenoon. He showed that he w-s a master of the instrument, and brought out its powers ¡n'a very pleasing manner. , St. Mary's Cathedral.-At Mass at St Mary's Roman Catholic Cathedral yesterday morning, Gounod's Messe b'olenelle was repeated with full orchestral accom- paniments, under the couduetorship of Mr. J. R. McCinn, and the rendering was ex- cellent. Miss Tatma Sherwin aune; the solos, bIbo the Ave Maria, by M. Leon Caron, with violin obbligato,played by Mr.Quilbert. During the offertory, Novello's AdviteFidelis wa« very btautifully rendered. Clover Leak Butter.-A sample of this butter, received from Messrs. Roberts and Co., agents for the Tasmanian Dairy Asso- ciation, Launceston, proves an excellent article, fit for any table, and having »li the qualities that good butter should possess. The reproach that Tasmanian butter is a fearful und wonderful compound is passing away. Export Butter Trade.-Tno Qroctr, of November 19, refers to Australian and New Zealand butter in London in the following terms :-"The Austral, with 3,637 packages, and the Aorangi, with 875 packages, have duly arrived, and most of their consignments have been disposed of, but not at quite sueh stiff rates as were expected, owing to the mugginess of the weather and-other causes, and the general value has ruled from 120s. to 126s. for qualitiis finer than ore-those of Danish at the moment, with a few of un in diffeient character at 110.'. to 112. As regtrda texture, colour, and condition, the bulk of the Australian butter that has just come to hand is peifect, and being carefi Hy and neatly pucked in squurj cluan wooden boxes, lined with paper, by factories of the i highest repute, it ts very conveuient for the retailors, who thus avoid all waBte, and purchuscs have been made by both town and country buyers, who find no faull with any- thing but the prices, .which they, consider rather too hjghV' ,..??>, i Pbeskntatiok.-On Christmas Eve, ia fluontial residents at Zeehan presented an illuminated address and cinque to Police sergeant Matthew Biggins, ¡n recognition of his satisfactory performance of official duties. It will bo remcmleied that Soißeaut Uiggins was stationed for 15 years in the New Town and Quccnto O jgh district bete re being trans- ferred to Zeehan. J Kempton Flo waterlow.- Thi summer show of the Kernott! Horticultural Society will bo held »*- tho New Victoria Hall to- morrow (Tuesday) afternoon at 3. At 7 o'clock the Premior (Hon. Honry Dobson) will ro-open the osliibiiion, A salo of gift exhibits takes place in the evening. City Band.-Tho City Band gave a con- cert in tho Barrack-nserio jagt night. There wsb a very good attendance. The p>»gramme included several well-known and popular it¿ms, which wera played with cousulcrubio ubi ¡ty by the baud under its leader, Mr. T. W. Hopkins. Exploration in Palestine -In another column will bo found dotaila of tho arrange- ments mado for a serba of tcrmons and lecturoB in Hob.rt by the Kev. Theodo'e E. ¡Dowling on behalf of the Jerusalem aud the EjsI MiBBionFund. The Iii st lecture will bo given to-morrow (Tuesday) night in St. ?Tohu pirish on " Daily life in Palestine." As resident honorary secretary in Jerusalem of the Palestine Exploration Fund the le j turor has speeiul opportunities of noting the ahaiaoterisdo features of Ufo in the H ly Land, and »hat he has to say will doubtless bo of great interest. Tue Nubeena leaves for all Peniuiula ports to-m.rrow (Tuesday), returning the same evenioc. Pussengers hy this trip can return on Wednesday, when the steamer will make au excursion to Eaglehawk Neck, loaving the wiurf at 8 45 a.m. Time will be allowed to.«ce all the places ofjnterest. Pmvru.-Our uorrcsp jndenf? writes ': - " Services were held in the Church of ' England on Christmas Day, IR'ly ¿com- munion was celebrated at 8 a.m., and at mid-day, ulso other services were held at the usual hours. The church was beautifully , decorated throughout in a ohasto ami artistic manner The Rev. A. Turnbull offi.iated at all tho services, aud the congre- gations were large.-Our river has been a source of attraction to a large number of holiday-makers. Altogether we have had an animated time.-Our little town is leeom ing quito an ntoro.-tiug place to newspaper meu, instead of no notice biing taken uf us for a few yoirs. Wo are nuw being more than well attondod to, for every event ot ordinary note receives a full share of atten- tion iu the columns of tho Press,-Weare enjoying our holidays in a right royal way, > aud our Christmas season has been spout happily." _ 