On Wcdne< lay (to-iu n-nw) and Ynn-s- day ev-nings Mr John V.ile, tiie secretary of "Hp Victorian Alliance, will lecture in the Mechanics' Institute. Mr Vale's fame as a lecturer is mo wall knu.v.i tn need much recapitulation, ami tile visit of such an eminent speaker on temperance should be taken advantage of by all tue resiueuLS wno pnssmiy can no go. A Rood choir will render suitable selections under the leadership of Mr A. D. I'Vuser, and the chair will be laiteu at 8 o'clock sharp. Ms D. Wils >u, the Government dairy expert, returned to Melhimr ie on Fri.liy after h>»viug spent fair or live months in Great BriUiu aml in Europe inquiring iu- to the dairy industry and the fruit and meat trades. Me bus obtained a vast amount of iuformatiou which, when dis tributed anions the dairy factories in Victoria, will pi -ice them, for the present at least, on a level with those of any other country so far as the m mnfacinre of butter and cheese is concerned. Steps should, he considers, be taken to prevent the exportation of margarine as butter. The dairymen of the colony must not only keep themselves ful'y acquainted with the improvements made in machinery and the advances made by scieuce affecting their trade, but must also, by suprior breeding an i better fee ling, nlitiiit hitf a "anXcep uieiSJfo5oibs'igersrn' milk each season, so as Ito successfully compute iu the British mar ket. Mr Wilson thinks th-utliu quality of our mutton must be greitly im-wovad before we can get a profitable hoi I on the Loudon market. He is also emphatic in staling that the cost of our canoed fruits must 1)J retluce l if it is desired to do a large export trade with E ig'and. He has brought with lii.u several cases of English apples and other fruits to show how fruit Should he packet, and a few casks and tins of Dutch uuil Swedish butter us s maples of whit the d .i-yuten here have to compete against. He lias also with him new dairy machinery an 1 a case of bacteria ferment, which is slated to pro luce an aroma in all but'ers. Mr Wilson lias been accompanied to the colony by two of the largest butler-brokers iu London, and the representative of one of (be largest bacon-curing establish ments id England, and they expect to do an extensive business here with parsons engage ! in those tiades. The Kerang Branch of the A.N. A. held their usual fortuightly meeting on Thurs day evooing last, Mr W. R. Neilson (presi dent) in the chair. Several new members were proposed. A debate took place on the question " Are strikes a satisfactory way of settling labor disputes." Mr P.J. O'Donnell took the affirmative anil Mr J. O'Connor the negative, and the latter gentleman seeured the support of all present. The hoard appointed to consider the claim for £1000 made against the Govern ment by Mr 11. C. Just, on account of an injury to his knee, caused by the col'apse of a gun carnage at the last Easter manoeuvres at Lancefield Junction, lias completed its inquiry. The claim was considered excessive by the Defence authorities, audit was therefore remitted to a board consisting of Mr C. A- Topp, e f iUit T! .a#, .1 nf U An liU I \ » VlilUrUlBll U1 bUD JLJ'fJb'U "i XOi Shields, Government medical officer; and Mr Akehurst, Secreta'y of the Crown Law department. The board has reported that the -accident wa.eBi.iia.J- Jt>yn— ' %elng taken at a" rapid rate over broken ground, and has recommended that Mr Jnst be compensated to the extent of £275. A London wire states that Mr Valen tine, the New South Wales dairy expert, has secured the latest improvements in Danish machinery for butter making. He does not think it likely that Danish producers will further reduce prices in order to shut ont Australian competition. Frank Slavic, ibe Australian uoxer, is endeavouring to arrange a rowinc match between Slunbury, the New Snath Wales oarsman, and the winner of the approach ing contesl between Bubear sud Sullivan. Av eccentric individnal named Frederick Hand, a email fruitgrower at South Wan- din, was brought before the Lillydale court last week, on n charge ot cuelty to animals. Hand, who seemed to lie of weak intellect, used to work a horse which was in a very weak condition. On the 14th ult. lie was riding it along the road leading to hie residence, when the animal fell from sheer exhaustion, and was unable to rise. Hand heaped a quan tity of wood on the horse and set five to it. At litis juncture Edward Fellowes and Edith Chamberlain, both about 16 years of 8ge, passed by aDd saw the animal being slowly roasted. They stated that the etrflggiea and screams of the dying animal were beartfeqdjug, but Hail continued to heap more wood on the fire Mouoted-Gonstable Tait, of Lillydale eec.?,«d sufficient evidence to take ont a summouk again 6t HaBd, Mr S. B. Backhouse, of Ww"88 bd Mellor, solicitors, Melbourne, prosecuted on behalf of the Society for the Preveh'80 1 of Cruelty to Animals, and asked that ti.e highest penalty be inflicted. The bench, consisting of Messrs G. B. White and Bonrke, J's.P., inflicted a sentence of six months' bard labour, with £4 6s 6d costs, without the option of a fine. The Government Gazette of the 15th inst. contains the following items of local interest : — Mr. B. Hughes, of Swan Hill, has been removed from his position of retaining officer for the School District of- 4be Lower Murray -Siding on account =of absence from the colony. The applica tions of G, E. Greaves, for pWt site, Mildnrn, ana G, S. Shnoer, for a garden site, Knnat Kunat, have beeen approved. The -following transfers of leases have been registered at the Office of Tides ; — Allot 33, 6ec C, Tyntynder, from Win. Hobsonto 0. T. and A. Staley ; allot. Id, see. 1, Benjeroop, from B- JJagfo toC. A. Eagle : allot 20, sec D, Bael Ji«si. from Jane Hartigan to Donald McDonald, The following leases of portions of inallee allotments in the county of Tatchera have been transferred -Allot 80c, 1 square mile 410 acres from G. Simpson to B. H- and J. ft. Sing ; idiot 435, 468 acres from A. A. Bates to Donald Mor rison ; allot 336, 458 acres, treat J, P. Lyons (by the sheriff) to B. Striven, Jnnr. It is with regret we have to record the death of Mr Marshall Martin, of Murrabit, one of the pioneers of this district. The deceased had about the first blacksmith's shop in Kerang, and is therefore intimately connected with its history. He has been a sufferer for a considerable time, and his death was therefore not unexpected, . He was much respected throughout the dis- trict, and was 45 years of age. The funeral will move from his late residence, Murrabit, to-morrow morning at 10 a.m., arriving in Kerang about 2 p.m. A football match will be played on Saturday nest ut Kerang between ihe IruperioU and Reedy Lake. Monies await tbe following at tiie local tu-treaeury : — Eastern Vermin Board, No'tti Eastern Vermin Board, J. H. Bell. Eerang Mechanic®' Institute, R. Millar, Colmna Trust, F. Marlborough,' E. Barker, J. C. Scliipp, J. Howell, and J. Kennedy. During last week Mr Leopold purchased 33 feet frontage to Wellingtou-6tieets on which is erected the shop occupied by Mr J. P.ittersoc, fruiterer, for £650. Mr Pml Cidusch h.is disposed of the Shire Hall Hotel, Keraug, at a very fair figure, Mrs Villi, of Beudigo, 'being the purchaser. The raffle for the picture given by Miss Clarke, the proeee IsmE which re to go to the funds of tbe Children's Hospital, will take place to-morrow (Weduesday) evening. In the Kerang catile market on Friday (he supply \va- short and consisted mostly of Voting stock. Steers realise ( t ) L2 10s and good forward bu Honks of fattening ages were enquired for. The sli numbered about 1,600 the supply being in excess of demand. Weaiiers realised to an 1 wethers to 5s 61. 20 pure bred Lincoln runs wete sold on account of Messrs R. Gerald and sons to Messrs Angus and J'weddle at satisfactory prices, sod the five fat sheep which took ike second prize at I he Kerang show, were purchased by Mr R. Webb. It is the iutention of the Premier to ask Parliament at an early date to pass the bill for the appointment of a Parliamentary Stan ling Committee on Railways, to con s'i6t of eubt members — five from the Legislative Assembly and three from the begfrJ-tiive Couucil. Mr Patterson is strongly of opinion — and it is shared by the other members of the Cabinet — that in . view of. the limited monetary re- .Oiuaiitpd .ot thft tjovern- involved in workiog the cosily Hues built uuder the Railway Construction Act of 1886, Parliament must oirect; particular attention in future to the mallee country, where railways can be built very cheaply under the bu'ty gang fr-ystetn, which was adopted iu the cse of the Donald and Birchip lines. By I his system a considerable length of .serviceable railway can be constructed with the sum at the command of the Government, whereas, if the money were applied to building lines in heavy country, it would not be sufficient to accomplish the work. Moreover, Che rapid settlement of the mallee country renders it necessary that the State should second the efforts of people to establish homes enabling ihem to get their produce to Mel bourne. The Government also considers that in order to enable settlers to remain on the inallee l«nds piovision must be made for water conservation at intervals of afloat every 10 miles along the new lines. "Cheap railways and cheap water works," the Premier says, "are the great desiderata ot the future. No more axed biuestorie bridges or polished grauite arches. No more costly culverts or ex pensive station's with brick and cement ornamentation. In the future we must he content without platforms, except at the most iropo>tant stations, and even tbe6e must be of ilie cheapest possible character. The water supply muse not be a repetition «»f the costly irrigation works that have involved the country in. a heavy expenditure without any adequate results. The works must be simply darns withont expensive concrete or cement basins." The Minister of Lands has also deter mined to provi le for the wants of the mallee settlers by reserving from selection all natural depressions which may prove of public utility for the storage of water. Mr M. G. Oroker will be in Kerang to- ! day and to-morrow collecting the urban; x a _ .lie...... ! water raies ui iiueuiuonau jj.iu iiue#. The painful illness from which Mr James Campbell, Minister of Public Education, suffered forsome niontlispast terminated Ottrtvloh"""Bo.tjtrrafiyWJ«>rxitia---rt2rrD Vlie ' sufferer died at his residence at Elstera- wick. The cause of death was malignant cancer of the stomach. Mr Campbell suffered terribly, but patiently, and during hi- long illness he bore his lot with the most supreme fo< tito.de. In tbe Practice Court of the Supreme Court on Friday, in Melbourne, theEchuca Borough Watar Trust obtained an order nisi from Mr Justice Hoo t to review the decioion of Messrs Leader, P.M., and Nolan, J.P., two justices sitting at Echuca in a case of this trust against Walter Wil liam Moore, when th«y held that this trust was not a water trust, but a local govern ing body. The contention on behalf of tbe tmst 16 that it is a water trust, »nd may proceed, nnder section 110 of the Water Act, to rscaver its rates ; while the magistrates decided it cannot so proceed ; that it i6 a local governing body, and therefore must proceed under spoiion 493 of that ant. Mr Bos., instructed by Messrs Connelly, Tatchell and Dunlop, appeared to move. The youngest son of Mr J. Jose, a little fellow only two vears old, died yesterday afternoon from the measles and its atten dant complications. Mr Jose has had a great deal of sickness in his family lately his children haviug been down wit a measles for over a month, and his mother in Beudigo being dangerously ilYand itis feared, hopelessly, ill. Every sympathy iff felt for Mr Jose and his family. The funeral will p&ce; fa-morrow (Wed nesday) afrerqoon at 3-3Q. The fir-t shipment, under the auspices of the Agricultural department, of this season's butter was despatched on S&inr-; day by the mail steamer Orotava. The iu!1 consists of 185 tons of fi-st class butter. mentioned in coa nection witli L'us letter »&at; the samples of canned and cask 'uHfar, Jrongh- 10 the colony by Mr D. Wilson, dairy expert, fop Jibe instruction o, colonial producers as to (J?9 ffuxlity of the article pro luced in Denujark aijd qtfeer Continental countries, and also as to the European method of. Jirapurin tit -for- -market will tie opened At abon tordoy at the! niorAi of Messrs (Jay jjros., William- street. At the same time vfoftqir trill have an opportunity of inspecting saijjgles of cream and parcels of fruit also brought to the colony by Mr Wilson. At Eohpca on Saturday out of 989 bead of bullocks froqi Bengara stition, 789 were sold at prises satisfogtqry to the owner, being up to £i 13s per faejd. The lar gest purchaser was froiu Gippsjand. There was a large attendance of buyers, trail qualities. At Wo toriga 'in Friday the state cf the cat tie market was clearly shown when .50 head of bullocks from New South Wale? yrefz ojf-reil at auction. Only £3 per head was offered, wljjplf was refused by ibe owners, as it would prac tically mean on ly 30> per head afoer payr ing the stock t "S. News reached Eerang on priday that a man uanjed Pope bad accj'Jentahy fiiot his wife. The coroner, Mr Greene, and Constable D-iiisdMJh of tiwau Hill, at ouce started fur Die seena of . til e tragedy, Biimbang, ahont 103 miles down the Murray. Oi Saturday it was reported wboatuckpbop'ing. . ' On Saturday ereniug the Bahy Nicholls troupe paid another visit to Eerang and were successful in obtaining a very satis factory house. The company, since the last visit of the Lroupo, has been reinforced by the addition of four specialists, and is now one of tbe strongest and best of tbose touring the provinces. The dancing on Saturday night ol Miss Nellie Finlay was exceptionally good, and the songs and dances Of Mr Will Watkin were an attrac tive feature in the programme, a repetition of which will bo looked forward to on any return visit of the troupe. The death is announced of Mr Robert Bnrrowes, member of the Legislative Assembly .for Bendigo. Mr Burrowes was seized with a sudden illness on Fri» day, and deatb intervened at 2 o'clock on Saturday. In view of the many complaints re ceived by the Premier fiom shire councils respecting the Indian hawker nuisance, steps will be taken to restrict tbe issue of licenses to these men at tbe annual Licen sing Cuurt held in Melbourne during De cember. The police magistrates ill the. country districts will likewise be directed to ekercise tbe utmost caution in granting licenses, and. if practicable, remit the applications to the Melbourne court, as the metropolitan police, being acquainted with the Indians, are better able iban the country po'ice to advise tbe police magis trate as to the character of each appli cant. The Premier is of opinion that the Indians are nndesirable immigrants ; and if Sir Henry Norman, Governor of Queensland, the Viceroy- elect ot India, should come south on his way to his new location, Mr Patterson will lake advan tage of the opportunity to impress npon him i the desirableness of letting it be widely known in India that its inhabitants are not welcome visitors to this colony. The discovery of an extraordinary con- spiracy against the lite or President Oleve- land at ttsburgh, in Pennsylvania, is reported in telegrams from America. A number of United States pensioners, fearing that the Civil Service and econo mic reforms which President Cleveland proposes to affect would result iu the loss uf the income they draw from the State, have, it is alleged, organised a plot to assassinate him. The police have arrested a State pensioner, who is charged as being the leader of a gang of conspirators. deav-vess and Noise sin the Head, cared at the patient's home. This Illustrated Edi tion also treats on tbe care of Catarrb, Bron chitis, Asthma, Extreme Stoutness Indiges tion, Dyspepsia, Rheumatism, by Modico- Klcctricity — 41. HEIGHT, Publisher, 20 Rathbone Place. London, W. England. Save Money by sending to Lincoln, Stuart and Co., Ltd., Flinders-street, .Mel bourne, the largest tailoring establishment id the city. A genuine all wool suit to measure, 42s. Ask for their book on tbe Philosophy of Dress," they will post it to you free; afro patte-ns and instructions for self-measuremnt.— Advt. 