LOCAL AND GENERAL. Unprecedented success has uttonded tho offorts of tho PreBbytorians to rniso funds for their Church, for all tho beautifuls havo boeu dispersod, aud to very cood effect indeed, one of the stalls beini; literally cleared of every article— sold out last night and tho others being in very much the same condition. During tho first two nights the rcoeipts amounted to no loss than £260, whiio the proceeds in all of the bazaar will yield a splendid result of £400, after ail expenses have been deducted. Such a termination, whiio satisfactory in the highest degree to tho members of tho Church, to whom it moans tho uplifting in one sweep of one-half of the ontire church debt, cannot but bo most gratifying to the ladies who thus soe their strcnuouB labors crowned with success that could not well be surpassed. To the ladies, and also to alias Murray, who shared so ably the duties of secretary with the gentiemon who worked with her, the greatest praise is dno. Doubt less the success aohieved will be tho reward most pleasing and best appreciated. In the 'interests of unemployed and employer alike, we are pleased to learn that the Colonial Secretary has consented to allow the unemployed to be housed in the Immigration DepAt for six months in the year, viz , from 1st July to 31st Deoember. This being the crushing sesson, the unem ployed will be conveniently at hand, Mr. Canlfeild will be able to place them immedi ately applications are made from employers through the labor bnrean. Casnals will be housed on a three days' order without rations daring these months. Thanks are due to Mr. Canlfeild who, on tho gronndof expediency, made application to the Department for a continuance ot eyetem which worked bo advantageonsly to both employer and em ployed. Sondat Seevicee.— On Sunday next in the Wesleyan Church, Mr. R. Totton will preach in the morning, and the Rev. H. T. Robjohns, M.A. In the evening. The Rev. T.Brassington will preach at Sonth Kolan in the morning, address the parents and children at Sharon in the afternoon, and condnot services at Bingera Plantation Hall in the evening. A camp meeting in connec tion with the Primitive Methodist Chnroh will be held at South Bandaberg in the afternoon, and in the evening an Evangelistic Service condneted by Mr. Foggon in the chnrcb. The Rev. J. M'Kenzie will preach at Gooburrnm on Sunday at 8 p.m. In the Scandinavian Churob, Bechabites Hall, Mr. C. Christeasen will preach morning and evening. MomiDg Bubject, "Christ tho good Samaritan," in Danish. Evening subject, "Christ the Prince of peace and war," in English. He will bo at Buraottt Heads in the afternoon. At the Congregational Church, the Rev. B. Hogg will take the evening service. His subject being " A life skotch- of Mr. D. L. Moody, the most snocessf ol end popular Evangelist of the present day." Wh remind our readers that the well- known entertainment of the Payne Family, deservedly popular with all classes,'" wil take place in the Qnecn'a -Theatre to-night, and again to-morrow night. All who were so satisfied with these talented artiste on their Isst visit, will donbtless avail them selves of the opportunity of being present at their most refined entertainment- Ma. F. Kunsb has received an intimation from Brisbane that the cable ship Franooia Arago will arrive off tho Burnett Heads abont Tuesday next, 29th Inst. The Mayor hea herefore called a meeting for to-morrow after noon, in the Council Chambers, at 3 p.m., to consider in what manner the offioera of tho vessel ore to be entertained on the oocsalon of their visit to Bandaberg. At the Police Court on Wednesday, before the Police Magistrate, Maria John- aton was charged with drunkenness, and fined 40s. or 14 days' in the cells. George Upton, for drunkenness, was fined 20s. or 7 days in the lockup. On Thursday, before the P.M., Lane alias Harry, Sonth Sea Islander, was charged with assault on one Otto Moller, and remanded for twenty-four honra. On Sunday next thero will be preached In the several chnrehea sermons in connection with the anniversary of the Bandaberg Auxiliary of the British and Foroign Biblo Society. Atthe Anglican (Christ) Chnrch, by the Rev. W. Morris, subject — "The Bible ; Its achievements a proof of its divine origin." Congregational Church, morning, by the Rev. H. T. Robjohns, M.A. , subject, " The growth, treatment, and im mortality of the Bible." Primitive Methodist Chnrcb, morning, by the Rev. M. Foggon ; subject, "The providential preserva tion of the Bible." Wesleyan Charch, ovon- >ng, by tho Rev. H. T. Robjohns, M.A.; subjeot, " The King in His work." Sonth Kolao, morning, by Bov. T. Brassington; subject. "Tbo Bible a living Book." Attention is direotod to ah alteration in tho address of " TattcrsaU's" advertisement, caused by the new Postal Act coming into force in New South Wales. He has been compelled to shift bis office to Queensland, and his new address is now Daily Telegraph Chambers, Qneen-Btreet, Brisbane. The Windermere dance, whioh was fixed to take placo this evening, has been post poned until Wednesday next. 