Current News. BY TELEGRAPH AND OTHERWISE. Fifteen inches of rain were registered in nineteen hours at Cordalba mill during the late heavy rains. In Chambers on Thursday, before his Honour Mr. Justice Harding, Arthur John Barrington, of Rockhampton, clerk, and George Alfred Steer, of South Brisbane, carpenter, were adjudicated insolvent. News has been received that P. F. Hockings and H. Crouch, two old Brisbane Grammar Sohool boys, have been admitted as associates of the Royal Institute of British Architects, having passed the necessary examination. The rector of St. Andrew's Church of Eng land, IndooroopiUy (Rev. E. T. Hood), is about to resign his charge, he having been offered and having accepted the position of precentor to the Cathedral at Goulburn, New South Wales. It will be seen from our cable messages in another column that the mails despatched hence to London per the steamship Miowera, via Vancouver, have left Canada, and are ex peoted to reach London thirty-three days after their departure from Brisbane. Petitions have been filed for the liquidation of the following eatate3:—Anton Green, licensed victualler, of Waterford, near Beenleigh, liabilities £115-5 10s. Cd.; William Woolcock, Bookhampton, postmaster, liabilities £2070; and Michael Ford, Dalby, storekeeper, liabilities £1870 12s. 3d. A notification appeared in Saturday's "Government Gazette" calling attention to the fact that garrison or gymkhana military sports will probably be held in Brisbane on a Saturday about the timo of the next annual meeting of the National Association, probably at the end of August or the beginning of September. The Bishop of Brisbane, who left for Con firmations at Inglcwood, The Glen, and Texas, ou his arrival at Warwick found that the impassable 3tate of the roads prevented his proceeding further. He therefore returned to town, and was present and assisted at the opening of the Home of the Good Shepherd at Nundah on Saturday afternoon. The monthly meeting of the Institute of Mechanical Engineers was held on the 15th instant. Mr. R. Wilson (president) occu pied the chair. A very interesting paper on the Yargan evaporator was read by Mr. C. G. Preston, nnd after a general discus sion on points suggested by the paper, Mr. Fre?ton was accorded a hearty vote of thanks. A letter which had been received from the secretary of the Ipswich Technical College expressed pleasure at the efforts to aid technical education which were being made by tho insti tute. The following arc the rates at which engage ments have been made during tho current week at Marsh's Agency, Brisbane:—Governesses, £60 to £35 per annum ; nursery governesses, £20 to £20; married couple 3, £75 to £50; cooks, 25s. to 15s. weekly; laundresses, 20s. to 12s.; cook- laundresses, 20s. to 12s.; waitresses, 15s. to 10s.; house-parlourmaids, 15s. to 10s.; housemaids, 14s. to 12s.; nurse-needlewomen, 14s. to 10s.; nursery housemaids, 8s. to 7s.; general servants, 15s. to 8s.; useful girls, 8s. to 6s.; nurse-girls, 8s. to 4s.; grooms and useful, 15s. to 12s.; young grooms, 10s. to 8s.; useful lads, 8s. to 6s.; useful boys, 8s. The following mails were despatched on Mon day from the General Post Office, Brisbane, per the R.M.S. Warrimoo:—For Honolulu: 6 ordinary letters, and 1 registered letter. For Vancouver: 350 ordinary letters, 9 registered letters, 27 packets, and 220 newspapers. For London: 421 ordinary letters, 14 registered letters, 50 packets, and 324 newspapers. On her way up to Moreton Bay the Warrimoo ran 15 knots an hour for a portion of the time, and as she is in excellent trim, a fast run over to Vancouver is expected. The Mioweraleft for Brisbane yesterday week, and the agents have received a cable stating that she Beoured n fair number of pas3engera for Australia and a moderate cargo. At the last of Sir Charlc3 Lilley's election rneotings in the Centennial Hall strong ex pressions of regret at the death of the Hon. John Ballance, Premier of New Zealand, were uttered, and a vote of condolence and sympathy with Mrs. Ballance was cordially agreed to. In accord with the desiro of the raeetinß Sir Charles conveyed these expressions to Mrs. Baliance through his old friend Sir Patrick Buckley. In reply Sir Charles has received a letter from the deceased gentleman's private secretary coached in the fol lowing terms:—" I am desired by Mrs. Ballance to acknowledge the reoeipt of your letter of 9th May, an A I am to request you to convey to the oitizens and electors of Bris bane who took part in the pablio meeting mentioned in yonr letter her sinoero and grateful thanks for the tribute they have paid to the memory of her husband, and also her deep gratitude for their kindly expression of sympathy for her in her bereavement." A deputation of the mining members of the Labour party waited upon the Minister for Mines to ascertain if it was the in tention of the Minister to grant any further exemptions of gold mining claims and leases owing to the financial crisis. The month's wholesale exemptions granted by the Government expired yesterday week, hence the deputation. Mr. Philp'a answer was in the negative, and, in reply to a farther question from Mr. Dawson, Mr. Philp stated that any farther exemptions for leases would be dealt with in the first case by the wardens on their merits, and when they came before him for consideration if it could be shown that any parties of miners were willing to work sach mines on the tribute system that were otherwise not payable he would hesitate about granting exemptions from labonr conditions to such mines. The deputation agreed with Mr. Philp that such action would have a very great tendency to keep a large number of men in employment on the gold and mineral fields of the colony. Mr. Dawßon thanked the Minister for his courtesy, and the deputation then withdrew. The tender of John Longwill, of £020, has been accepted for tha construction of a cheese factory at Warwick; John Hall and Sons, arclii loots. In reply to the Maryborough Chamber of Commerce, the Railway Commissioners have promised that next time excursion fares are arranged Gyuapie, Maryborough, and Bunda borg shall participate. The following deaths occurred in the Dun wich Asylum during the week ended 17th instant:— William Powell, 8G years, native of Wcobley, Hereford, England ; Pauline Holborn, 7'J yoars, native of island of Danish Archipelago. Peter Strong, of Charters Towers, engineer, has been adjudicated insolvent in the Northern Supreme Court. A petition for the liquidation of the estate of Haver Henry Spiegel, Towns ville, storekeeper, has been tiled in the Northern Court, liabilities £511. Alex. M'Gilohrist, a selector, working at Lmdsborough, met with a rather severe aooi dent the other day. Ho was using a squaring axe, which slipped and inflicted an incised wound over the right kneo. The injury was attended to by Mr. S. C. Wavrian, a member of the City Ambulance Transport Brigade. English mails to 15) th May, per P. and 0. Company's R.M.S. Himalaya, wero delivered in Brisbane on Monday afternoon, having been brought on to Moreton Bay by the Warrimoo from Sydney. Thus the mails arrived on the iilst day from London, which is the quickest time yet achieved. The District Court case, Queensland Cotton Company v. Horace Tozer, in whioh the Queensland Cotton Company are suing for the sum of £100 on account of calls due and allotment money on the company's shares, which was adjourned from Ipswich to Brisbane, has been postponed, pending settlement. The annual examination in connection with the civil Bervicewill be held on 4th July next. Can didates from the places named have intimated their intention of coming forward for examina tion :—Brisbane, 31; Bundaberg, 2; Charters Towers, 1; Gympie, 1; Ipswioh, 7 ; Mackay, 2; Maryborough, 0; Eoraa, 1; Springsure, 1; Toowoomba, 4 ; Warwick, 5 ; total, Cl. Captain Robertson, of tho Connaught Rangers, who recently arrived in the colony, has left for the North to fill the position of Brigade Major at Townsvillc. Major Morrice, of the 3rd Regiment, who formerly occupied the position, returns to England. Major Diuitt, Royal Engineers, staff officer, who has been engaged supervising tho engineering work at the Thursday Island defence works, having completed his duties, also returns to England. Captain Strachoy, who has been aide-de-camp to his Excellency Sir H. W. Norman, left Brisbane on Monday morning to join the Warriruoo in the Bay. Mr, J. A. Wallace, assistant immigration agent, has received a communication from the Brisbane office to the effect that it is stated in the Sugar Journal that a large supply of European labour would be required shortly for plantation work, and asking him to ascertain the truth and telegraph particulars. Mr. Wallace, who has just; returned from an official visit to the Lower Burdekin district, informs us (Townsville Bulletin) that the managers of the plantations there have reported that the supply of labour was greater than their re quirements, men passing through the district in search of work in numbers. The Government Meteorologist has received a letter from the Chief Harbour-master of Western Australia, intimating that he would like to reoeive by wire his forecasts for Western Australia and surrounding areas of ooean, issued at the Chief Weather Bureau, Brisbane, and asking for information as to the probable oost of transmission. Mr. Wragge submitted this request to tho Hon. W. H. Wilson, Postraaater- General, and the Minister ha 3 expressed the opinion that the wiring of the forecasts to Western Australia from Brisbane should be free. In future, therefore, all important fore casts for Western Australia will be wired direct to Perth and Fremintle. It is not anticipated that the Telegraph Departments of the other colonies will offer objection to the p*3sage of these messagea over their lines. A very sad accident occurred at the Tarampa State school on the 7th instant, resulting in the death of Mrs. Edward Doran, the sohool teacher's wife. By some means or other her clothing caught fire, and although her husband succeeded in extinguishing the flames in a very short space of time, she was so severely burned that all remedies were unavailing, and she expired after suffering intensely for forty-five hour 3. Dr. Yon Lossberg, who was summoned from Ipswich, at once pronounced the case hopeless, though he remained all night, and did everything he oould to alleviate the pain. Much sympathy is felt for the bereaved husband, who had been married but five months, and who had only been at Tarampa seven weeks. Deceased was 20 years of age, and had a large circle of friends in Brisbane, where she had resided most of her lifetime. The body was conveyed to Brisbane, and in terred at Toowong Cemetery. Mesara. Burns, Philp, and Company, Limited, reoeived on the 15th instant from the Sydney branch of the company a telegram with reference to the shipment of Queensland frnit to Vancouver ex the Miowera. It would appear that the bananas arrived at their destination in a rotten condition and were con sequently valueless, and that the pineapples, although some were slightly over-ripe in the centre, brought from 53. to 10s. per dozen. The oranges and the lemons stood the voyage well. The former were sold at ss. per case and the latter at 6s. per oase. The firm recommend the shipment of fifty dozen of pineapples by the Warrimoo. The prices at which the pine apples were sold will pay handsomely, but those received for the oranges and lemons can scarcely be considered satisfactory. Other trial consignments of fruit will be shipped by Warrimoo, which sails from Brisbane on Mon day next at the former rate, and Mr. W. Soutter, of the Acclimatisation Gardens, will undertake to ship pineapples and other fruit which may be forwarded to him for that purpose. Tho following passengers left London for Brisbane by the 1\ and 0. Company's It.M.S. Himalaya on 12th May :—Mr. and Mrs. Legge and maid, and Mr. T. B. Mack. The Grand Lodge of Freemasons in Ireland lias forwarded a second sum of £50 for the Masonic llelief Fund in Queensland, and a further subscription of £-200 is cxpectod to follow. We are informed by telegram from Port Douglas that the statement recently published that the local Divisional Board are doling out rations to destitute persons is untrue, and the members of tho board at the last meeting felt very indignant about it. Probates have been granted in the following estates:—George Hume, Mount Albion, to .Tanie Hume, widow; personalty, £696. John Gallagher, Allora, farmer, to Eliza Gallagher, widow, and William Deacon, Allora, merchant; personalty, £73 10s.; realty, £680. The clerk of the Mitchell Rabbit Board tele graphed from Charleville under Wednesday's date:—The Mitchell Rabbit Board's boundary rider (Crawford) brought to the board's offioe last night a rabbit caught by him on Arabella, just south of the rabbit fence, and about ten miles east of Charleville. The Government have for the present placed the Harbours and Rivers Department, includ ing all the dredging operations now being carried on, under the control of the Marine Board. The chairman yesterday week took over charge from Mr. J. V. Stewart, the acting engineer, and on Saturday made an inspection of the various vessels. An arrangement was made in May last between the Lands Department and the Railway Com missioners by. which an intending selector shall pay his full railway fare to the place where he means to settle. If he takes up land the sum he paid for his rail fare is refunded to him, his family and reasonable furniture and tools being conveyed by rail to the place of settlement free. A correspondent at Urandangie, near the western border, telegraphs as follows under date 16th instant: —A meeting of magistrates was held here yesterday to protest against the removal of the police from Urandangie, and a public meeting was held in the evening, when the removal of the police was strongly con demned. Tho question is causing great dis satisfaction among both town and oountry residents, as bsfore the advent of the police the town and district suffered from the raids made by the lawless characters who frequent this outlying border district. The nearest police station is distant 170 mile from this town. Mr. E. R. Drury, general manager of the Queensland National Bank, writes in re- ference to the extract from the Standard published in an article on financial affairs in another column:—"Permit me to correct two statements made therein. First, the amount owing to the British depositors by the Queensland National Bank, Limited, at the date of its suspension was £2,870,235, and not 'about £5,000,000,' as stated in the Stindard. Second, the amount received from the Bank of England on the 11th May as an instalment of the last Queensland loan was £100,000, and not "about £600,000.'" Goldsbrough, -Mort, and Co., Limited, as per advertisement appearing elsewhere, commence their 19th annual stud sheep fair on the sth July, when the Queensland, New South Wales, Vioioria, and New Zealand consignments will be submitted. From Queensland a draft of choice animals is being sent, chiefly of the flocks of Mr. G. C. Clark, of East Talgai, and Messrs. Marshall and Slade, of Glengallan. Mr. Clark is sending in all sixty stud and flock rams, all of his own breeding, principally of the "Jack Dowling" strain. Messrs. Marshall and Slade intend to offer three rams by noted sires. New South Wales is not lacking in the quality of the sheep to be submitted, some very good merino 3 being promised from the flocks of Mr. Geo. Bruce, of Loombab, Molong, and the eieoutora of the late Messrs. E. Crace, Uungahleen, Ginninderra; while Messrs. Suttor Bro3 M of Bathurst, and Thompson Bros., Brewongle, are contributing to the aoarse wool section with Border Leioesters. Mr. J. A. Cochrahe, of Aitkenside, Victoria; Mr. S. C. Threlkels, Ingle wood, New Zealand; and Mr. E. Menlove, Windsor Park, New Zea land, are also sending Border and English Leicesters and Shropshire Downs, so that coarse wools promise to be well represented. On the following day (Thursday) the Tasmanian con signments are to be offered, and will comprise drafts from the following noted nook- masters:— Hon. Jas. Gibson, of Bellevue; Messrs. David Taylor, of St. Johnston; W. H. Gibson, of Fairtield; Thos. Parramore, of Beaufront; Geo. Parramore, of Wetmore ; J. B. Gibson, of Pleasant Banks; G. W. Eeach, of Chiswiok; Chas. Field, of Woodfield; Wra. Gatenby, of Woodburne; G. L. Finlay, of Douglas Park; W. H. Bennett, of Bloomfield; Jo 3. Archer, of Panshanger; D. M'Kinnon of Dalness; Jas. Cox, of Clarendon; H. S. Smith, of Harland Rise; W. A. Gatenby,of Pisa; Thos. Gatenby, of Glasslough; Arthur Gatenby, of Lemon Springs; G. A. Jones, of Morville; Thos. Riggall, of Somercote3 ; Thog. Turner, of Balmoral; Jas. Murdoch, of Craigow Park ; A. T. Gibson, of Lowes Park; A. Flood, of Epping; W. H. Ralston, of Woolmers; and C. Dowlinq, of Quorn Hall. The Hon. Jas. Gibson, who is one of the most successful Tasmanian breeders, and who at the last sales obtained for his special ram Golden Horn 2nd 630 guineas, is sending Paragon, a son of this famous sheep, whom Mr. Gibson considers a very superior animal and a good stook-getter. Great Scott, the property of Mr. J. B. Gibson,is also catalogued; being by Paragon, this will be a very good oppor tunity of judging the capabilities of that sire. Mr. W. H. Gibson is sending a nice little lot of four Tasmanian Vermonts by the well-known Banker, also Jupiter, a ram by Woolgrower. Mr. Thomas Parramore is offering Aristocrat, by Prince Albert the 2nd, who was sold in Melbourne for 700 guineas in 1889. Mr. G. A. Jones, of Morville, sepda the ram Sir Auber. From the foregoing it will be seen that the sales as regards superior sheep will be very attractive, the breeders by sending the ohoicest sheep giving buyers every opportunity of im proving their flocks. The sheep are expected to i arrive from Tuesday, the 27th instant. Recent floods nro believed to have increased the depth of water in the Burnett by lft. in Kirby's Cutting. A slight improvement on tha 1 Bay and in tho South Channel it) also reported. Sir S. W. Griffith, Chief Justice, has in very kindly terms accepted tho high honour of Provincial Grand Master in the Masonic body, Irish Constitution, to whioh ho \vu3 elected recently. Tho Australian Joint Stock Bank reopened for ordinary business, or rather the new bank which has been formed commenced business, on Tuesday. The Royal Bank of Queensland may be expectod to reopen for customary bank ing business early in July. Mr. Phillips, mining registrar at Georgetown, ha 3 wired to the Under Secretary for Mine* that William Hustler was killed in the Inde pendent claim at Mount Uogan by the falling of a hanging-wall. Two competent miners have been authorised to examine the mine and report. Further sums received on behalf of tho Central Flood Relief Fund bring tho total up to £70,918 19s. 2d. Amongst tho sums received since 23rd May last is £74 from the Hobarli Committee; £51 from the Fielding Committee, Now Zealand; £1)7 from Rakaia district, Canterbury, New Zealand ; and £28 from Pork Augusta, South Australia. Messrs. E. Rich and Co. wiito as fol lows : —Your Cunnamulla correspondent's re port in your last issue that Rich and Co.'s traveller has secured all this season's wool for the Border railways is incorrect, if this implies that wool is intended for Bourke. Having offices at Obarleville and Brisbane, where we employ a full staff of clerks, aud are under considerable expense, it is quite as much in our interest to bring wool to Brisbane via Charlevillo a3 to Sydney via Bourke. The death is announced of the Roy. J. Dinning, a minister of the Congregational Churoh, who was for some three years the col league of the lato Rev. E. Griffith, his charge being the Brighton- road Church. He returned to Sydney, and received an appointment to a Sydney suburban church, where ho remained for some seven years. During the past two years he had been engaged in Press work, editing a newspaper. His brother received a telegram, stating that on the 10th instant he was seized with an attack of angina pectoris, and expired in less than half-an-hour. He was about 45 years of ago at the time of his death. The well-known local ironmongers, Messrs. Alfred Shaw and Co., have sold their business to a limitod liability company of the same name, wbioh was registered last week in Mel bourne. Mr. T. E. White, the senior local partner of the late firm, is the managing director in Brisbane, with Mes9rs. Moore, Taylor, and Mackenzie as local board. The Melbourne and London businesses have also been acquired by the company, and will be managed by Mr. Alfred Shaw and Mr. George Walker respectively. The nominal capital of the company is £200,00i3, consisting of 50,000 shares at £5, and all shares now issued aro fully paid- up, as will probably be the case in all similar concerns in future. The public have not been invited to subscribe, as nearly tho whole of the shares issued have beeu taken up by members of the late firm and previously retired partner*. The total number of share holders in the new company does not amount to twelve. The officer in charge of the Border Customs at Camooweal reports to the Collector of Cus toms for the month of May, as follows: — I have the honour to report for the month of May as follows:—The weather has been cool, changeable, and windy. Fifty-thrco points of rain fell on the 29th ; not enough to iucreaso our scanty supply of water, or even give tho grass a spring. There is no change in the state of the roads and rivers since my last report. Stock feed is dry, but still fairly good in forest country. Eight hundred and fifty hea-l of mixed cattle from Alexandria station, Northern Territory, to Inkerman station, Kennedy dis trict, the North Australian Pastoral Company owners, C. B. Hehne, drover, in charge, passed on the 22nd; and 5)0 head of bullocks, the Rocklands Pastoral Company owners, A. Wightman in charge, left her* on the "2>th in stant for the boiling-down wotks at Burketoi.vn. Traffio has been fairly heavy. Three teams with goods from Burketown to stations in the Northern Territory passed through here, and also seven team 3, wool-laden, from Avon Downs, South Australia, to Burketown. Tho slc.-aring at Avon Downs is over, and during the past week a number of shearers were in town, some of whom have gone to Carandotta since; others will probably camp on the O'Shanassy until August, when shearing will begin on the Morstone Downs. About 250 mile 3 were patrolled during the month. The first meeting of the Queensland Univer sity Extension Council was held in Mr. It. Gailey's rooms, Courier Building, on the 10th instant, the following members being present :— His Honour the Chief Justice, Sir S. W. Griffith (president), in the chair, Messrs. l\\. H. Roe (vice-president), S. W. Brooks (lion, treasurer), L. B. Groom (hon. secretary), J. Shirley, J. L. Woolcook, the Rev. M. J. Stone- Wigg, the Rev. G. D. Buchanan, Dr. E. Flirsch feld, Dr. J. Bancroft, Mrs. T. W. Foott, Miss Hunt (Ipswioh Grammar School), and Miss Polls. It was decided to open with two courses of sir lectures eaoh, one course on social soience. And the other on the elements of natural scienoe. The chairman, vice-chairman, treasurer, and secretary were appointed as a sub- committee to arrange the time the lectures should commence, and to determine the place in which they should be delivered. It was resolved to apply 'to the Sydney University Extension Board for recognition as an extension centre, for the approval of the lecturers appointed locally, and for the granting of examination certificates. Messrs. Shirley, Woolcock, and Groom were appointed a sub-oommittee to frame by-laws. Mr. W. A. Hargreaves, M.A.., B.C.E. (Melb.), has been appointed lecturer on natural science in connection with the movement, and it is ex pected will commence his duties toward th* end of July. 