In another column Mr W. G. Spence describes the unsuccessful attempts that were made by the Australian emi grants who have left this country in the hope of founding a New Australia in Paraguay, to obtain land in any of these colonies for the purpose of co operative settlement. It is dishearten ing to know that all the applications they made were snubbed or left un noticed. The Queensland Government simply answered that “ the law was against it.” The Premier of New South Wales promised to look into the matter, but let it drop; while the West Australian authorities took so long to acknowledge the ap plication that the Argentine Republic offered the land required while they were thinking of replying. Yet within the last two or three years West Australia has sold land in enormous areas at merely nominal prices, while the Government of New South Wales has lately passed a bill providing for co- operative settlement which would probably have given the New Austra lians all they wanted. It is a matter for special' regret that such a large" number of industrious and energetic men should be driven away. There can be "no doubt that with very little trouble they might have been retained. The Lands - departments of the various colonies were created expressly for the purpose of settling people upon the soil, and the class of selectors required is exactly that which is represented in the people who have left for Paraguay. They have money enough to begin making homes for themselves, and they intend residing personally and permanently upon the land. What other conditions than these do we ex pect from any selector? What a shock it must give any patriotic Australian to hear that the Minister of Lands in New South Wales, when asked if he could not take steps to prevent the loss of so many citizens, could find nothing better to say than “ Let them go. They will soon be glad to get back.” Suppose that his prognostications were right and the settlers had to return. Would that unsympathetic speech be justified ? Decidedly not. It was his special business as Minister of Lands to satisfy himself of the abso lute good faith of the applicants, and then to have furthered their object by every means in his power. Even before" the recent amendment of the New South Wales Land Act, the area of selection was 640 acres, with three times that amount upon conditional purchase, or a possible 2560 acres in all, to each applicant. Any Minister with the least turn for statesmanship or instinct of patriotism could have suggested means whereby contiguous selections might have been taken up in sufficient number. The history of land alienation in New South Wales is full of compromises made to please the capitalist, and surely something might have been done to prevent 1500 heads of families from setting forth on a long journey to an unknown land. Our own attitude in the matter has been one of the pro foundest regret. We recognise the fact that actual settlers with means and industry are wanted here; we appreciate the dangers and the possi bilities of failure that surround the adventurers, and we cannot but feel keenly the discredit cast upon Aus tralia by the fact that these men have had to expatriate themselves to obtain the exact facilities which it is supposed to offer to all comers. When the his tory of this departure is read by pos sible emigrants in quiet German villages, in the green valleys of Wales or Ireland, or in those remote glens of the Scottish Highlands, whence we have drawn so many of our best citizens, will the effect be likely to make them cast in their lot with usl When the Briton makes up his mind to emigrate his almost invariable an nouncement is—“ I see there’s no chance for me at home.” Do we wish him to add—“ And there’s no chance in Australia either.” Suppose that the basis of the settlement is a socialistic agreement, what is that to usl The settlers go to Paraguay, knowing that they will have to obey the law of the land, whatever rules they may make for their internal government. Have we the least right to conclude that they would not have been law-abiding here. By the same post which brought Mr Spence’s letter, the 10th number of a journal called New Australia was de livered. It is the organ of the associa tion, and it contains a description of the sailing of the Royal Tar, a list of the Pioneers, and a highly important report from Mr Pakenham, of the British Foreign Office, concerning the condition of Paraguay. The report refers to an inspection in 1890, but is contrasts favorably the then existing state of things with that observed at a previous visit in 1886, and it is interesting to see that Mr Baillie, the Consul for Paraguay in London, tells much the same story on 22nd June, 1593, that Mr Pakenhah told before. Mr Pakenham praises the climate, the soil, the action the Government is taking to attract settlers, and the prospects open to immigrants. He says that “ Para guay is undoubtedly a country well adapted to give a good return to small holders of land, who, either rent ing or buying 250 acres, have capital to work the same.” Mr Baillie says, “Fine country for agriculturists and in dustrous people with small capital; pros pects of employment very doubtful; few employers with any capital; wages low." These statements were wired to Sir Geokge Dibbs in order to dis courage the members of the New Aus tralian Association. They have had the opposite effect. The members of the association are men who want to work for themselves and for each other. They have tried being wage earners in Australia, and they do not like the business. It is a pity that they go to turn themselves into wage payers under other skies, and under disadvantages which they might have heen spared. They will have to pass 250 or 300 miles of a river which intersects an arena of civil war. They will have to be subject to the laws of a people alien in race, language, and habits of life, and they will settle in a country fertile but undeveloped, poor in money, and lacking in nearly all the conveniences of civilisation. It is not of much use to lock the stable door after the steed is stolen, but there could be no harm in letting it he known that there is room in old Australia for any New Australian settlements, and that the Victorian Government, at least, would deal liberally with any body of small capitalists who should take a fancy to found a colony in eastern Gippsland or on the banks of the Murray River. In one respect at least Victorian de : mocracy has been admittedly success ful: That is in its system of local government, which is far more com plete and satisfactory than that in existence in any other Australian colony. It is allowed on all hands that the local revenues are economi cally raised and spent to advantage, so much so, indeed, that no sane Minister would dream of taking under departmental control those items of government expenditure which can be administered by the municipalities. On the contrary, it is almost certain that during the next few years many matters which the State now manages expensively will be handed over to local authorities. It is more than possible that the next generation will see schools, police, charities, and hos pitals left to municipal management, qnd that a great deal of work.now left to private enterprise, such as the supply of gas, water, and electricity, will be undertaken by civic corporations. The good points of the existing system are its elasticity, its permanence, and its ready response to popular impulse. Everyyear onethirdpart of each council is re-elected, and thus the latest phases of opinion are represented, while the fact that no absolute dissolution ever takes place ensures the stability of the management and prevents radical and sudden changes. Parliament may even yet have to take example by the action of its own creation. It is certain that wc should have less talk, less confusion, and less expense if our Parliamentary institutions could be assimilated to municipal conditions. The very fact that local councils are assuming extra importance, and are likely to be en trusted with increased responsibilities, makes it more necessary that the best men in each district should be selected for civic honors and encouraged to place their services at the disposal of their neighbors. Rightly estimated, the duties of a local coun cil are at least of equal im portance with those of Parlia ment itself, and the greatest care should consequently be exercised in the choice of representatives; In our city of Ballarat there is this year to be no contest at all, and only one ward of Ballarat East will see an election. But in the surrounding municipalities various retirements are pending, and the ratepayers will have to secure new representatives. The privileges and the rights of the muni cipal suffrage cannot be too carefully exercised, and the.utmost circumspec tion is demanded''of every voter who may by his action either aid or retard the development of the district in which he resides. Sir F. T. Sargnod yesterday asked, in the Legislative Council, whether the Govern ment had considered the advisability of abolishing the office of secretary to the Agent-General. Mr Munrn, as the result of three yenrs’ experience, bad declared the office to be unnecessary. Mr Reid said the ex Agent-Genernl’s remarks had been mis understood, as he had said he would try to do without the officer. The Government re gretted the appointment ha'd been • made when it was, but he could not "promise any thing further than that they would enquire in to the neceesity for continuing the office. The second reading of the Dimboola to Jeparit Railway Bill was moved by Mr Wynne. In the Legislative Assembly yesterday the Minister of Agriculture informed Mr .Andrews that planting vines would bo allowed in the Geelong district in virgin ground 100 yards from any previous vine yard. The Minister of Railways replied to Mr Methven that it would be made known that the deparament would carry free of coals goods sent from any part of the colony for charitable purposes. The same Minister in formed Mr Andrews that there was a dis crepancy in the rates charged for conveying sugar from Melbourno to Geelong as com pared with thoso imposed for conveyance between the metropolis aud Ballarat, and it would be adjusted. Mr Gillies resumed tho debate on the budget proposals in the Assembly yesterday. He remarked that tho estimates of the late Government had not been realised, and asked if Parliament was to follow the drift that then set in. The then Government proposed an income tax, but could not see its way clear to carrying it out, as it would be nu additional burden placed on the people when they were least able to bear it. Cir cumstances had not improved since then. At Castlemaine the present Premier said he would propose an income tax only if all else failed. Retrenchment should first be tried, to see if tile deficiency could not thus be met. The Government had not exhausted all means of retrenchment. The income tax was inopportune. If it had been known b-foro Mr Patterson was in power that he intended to propose an income tax at the present time his Ministry would never have been formed. He (Mr Gillies) could imt support the tax at the present juncture. He did not believe there wns the slightest chance of getting £300,000 from the tnx. In that case, unless further retrenclnneufs were made, we would be worse off at the end of the financial year than now. If the Government was prepared to take the neces sary steps to bring our expenditure within our income, the committee would assist. If the committee was prepared for this course, all that was necessary was to report pro gress, aud this would be a relief to the Mouse mid the country. The Treasurer claimed that the Government had made an honest attempt to bring the expenditure within the income, and had retrenched as far as it could see its way at pre'Oot. After o-veral opponents of the tax had spoken Mr R. T. Vale strongly supported it, and con demned the proposals to reduce the sum ex pended in Stat» education. At 1 a.m. a div'sion was taken on a motion to report progress, which was carried by 4-1 to 36. As has been expected for some time past (writes our Melbourne correspondent) Mr Richardson is to be appointed Minister of Rdlways, the reason given being that Mr Pa'terson finds the strain of his other Minis terial duties to be so great that he must be relieved of some of them. The matter, of course, is to be discussed at a future Cabinet meeting, but the outcome will not be affected as far as Mr Richardson is concerned. We regret to hear.that yesterday the Hon. J. Campbell was not progressing so favorably towards convalescence as formerly, was yesterday suffering great.pain. The London Chartered Bank of Australia will resume active business to-morrow, under the name of “The London Bank of Aus’rdia, Limited,” with an authorised capital of £4,000,000, of which £3 500,000 will be subscribed, and £'2,750,000 paid up. Bv advertisement elsewhere the directors express regret for tho inconvenirnce caused by the temporary snapension of active busi ness, and tender tlinnks to customers for the consideration shown during the period occu pied in giving legal effect to plan of arrange ment for the bank's reconstruction. At the monthly meeting of the Orphan Asylum committee last evening the recom mendation of the house committee relative the rate of wagps demanded for children sent nut as apprentices wns again discussed at length, the arguments used fnrand against the proposal to reduce the rates of hire being similar to those nrged at last meeting. Me»sr-< Filzpatrck and Ivey spok" strongly against any reduction, while Mr M‘K'-e and others took an opposite view, the latter con tending that a reduced rate of wage would allow of a selection of the best homes for the children. Ultimately a compromise was agreed upon, and alterations made in the c mimittee’s recommendation providing that the period of probation shall be one instead of six months, that the last year of the hoys' service shall he paid for as formerly, and Gd per week additional given to the girls. Tho scale now is; Girin—Under prnhatinn (one month), 3s 61 per week; first, year after probation, 4s 61; second yenr, 5s 61; third veer, “s. Boys—Under probation, 4s 61; first yenr, 5s 61; second year, 7s; third year, 9'; fourth year. 12s 61. The former rates were:—Gi' l«—Umier probation (six months), 4s; first ye»r, 5 7 ; sscond year, 6'; third year, Bs. B ys—Under prnbation, ss; first vear, 7«; second year, 9s; third year, 12s Gd. The ladies connected with tho canvassing committee of the Hospital self-denial fund were busy last week and thin collecting. Reports to hand lip to the present are nf a highly satisfactory and encouraging cha racter, and it is confidently expected that the movement will bean unqualified success. The committee ere desirous that the ladies should endeavor to comidete their canvass by the end of this week. The ladies are very reticent as to the amounts esch has re ceived, but it is expected that some pleasur able surprises are in store for the executive emmitteo at their meeting on Monday even ing next. The monthly meeting of the Hospital Com mittee will be held this evening. At the meeting of the Wendnuree Rowing Club last night, Mr D. Hare remarked tha-. in his opinion the Ink" would be more suited for rowing during the approaching season than in any previous year. It was fuller and was likely to remain so, seeing that the drainage from the cninmon was more perfect than hitherto. The increased quantity of water tvould he of great service to the club, in that they would he better able to preserve the boats, wliilo the oars would not be damaged to such an extent as in shallow water. For the football match Police v Postmen to be played at the Eastern oval on the 11th inst., the police team will be olioaen from the following :—Constables Slater, Bourke, Thompson, O’Doonell, RogerHnn, Rn«s, Tavlor, Deverall, C. Stnllard, O’Shea, Wall, Arberry, J. Stallard, Gardener, M’Mahdn, Serpell, O’Connor, Campbell. Tolmi», M'Ginley, Prnudfoot, Collins, Bunco, and O'Brion (2.) Mr A. Rennolds will not as the central umpire. The police band will, as stated, perform during the mateh, which it is hoped will result in a large sum being added to the funds of the local charities. The Urquhart street State school, whioh was e'osed on account nf the measleß, will be re-opened on Mnndny next. In returning thanks, for being re-elected to the position of president of tlm Wendouree Rowing Club, at the annual meeting Inst night, Mr E. L. King remarked that although the members were a little dis oouraged at the results of the Bsrwon Regatta, they had since regained their con fidence and wero now amongst the foremost orews. A suggestion had been made that in future the crews shnuld go to the country regattas in preference to those hold in Mel bourne. He thought differently, in fact, in bis opinion, they shnuld Hot bother about country regattas at all. To his mind there were too many of them, and as some of them were not well patronised they would probably be abandoned. If they had the ' metropolitan, Geelong, Cols.*, and perhaps tha Echuca and Sandhurst Clubs to com pete against they would find .they had plenty to do. He recommended that the incoming onmmittee should make a careful examination of all the boats belonging to the club, and Bee that everything was in good order for the coming season. He hoped that this year they would be able to have the whole of the repairs done locally. Ho re gretted that Mr H. Meilstrup had declined to allow himself to be nominated for office as a committeeman, as his services were always of the greatest value. He trusted that the old members of the club would re main connected with them. At the present time tlura were few of them who bad been with them over eight years. This was some what disoouraging, but he was pleased to notice that some of their oldest members had this year again got into harness. Messrs J. Fitzgerald and Robert Clark had two particularly tough subjects to deal with at the City Police Court yesterday. The first was a dirty, disreputable- looking old man named Thomas Byrne, who was Bsid to have been already convicted of vagrancy IS times. He has spent a con siderable portion of his life in prison, and the magistrates senteuced him to 12 months hard labor in continuation of his previous experiences. The second case was that of a man named Edward K-ys, who had, it was stated, been 1G times previously convicted of drunkenness. He was now charged with being drunk and disorderly in Armstrong street, and being fined £2, with the alterna tive nf 14 days’ imprisonment, was sent to gaol in default of payment: The Wendnnree and City rowing clubs held their annual meetings yesterday. Re ports of the meetings are unavoidably held over. There was a crowded attendance at the Neil street Wesleyan schoolroom last night, where a concert organised by the Misses Brown and some members of the Lydiard street Church, was given in aid of the Bal larat rescue work. In the nbsence nf Mr R. F. Bryant, the chair Wbb occupied hy Mr Lee Brown. A lengthy programme of vocal and instrumental music and recitals was ad mirably carried out by Misses Brown, Inoe, Hughes. Tascar, and Bryant, and Messrs Cutter,Kesse|l,Siedei, Whitburn,and James. The concerted pieoes were excellently given, while a dialogue—“The willing witness”— hy two members nf the Lydiard street Junior Elocution Class, caused much amuse ment. Miss B. Hugließ, who sang with good effect “The last mile-stone,” was pre sented with a magnificent bouquet of flowers. A numb-r of tableaux were shown to great advantage and greatly appreciated. At the conclusion of the entertainment a vote of thanks was, on the ■ motion of Mrs Bos warrick, president of the W.C.T.D., and seconded by Mrs Hnghes, accorded those who had taken part. We are pleased to state that Mr G. Longley, the respected curator of the Botanioal Gardens, who lias been indisposed for some weeks past,.is again able to be about, though not yet thoroughly re covered. The annual meeting of the Ballarat City Rowing Cluh was held last night at Brnphy’s hotel; Mr Toy, vice-president, presided and tin-re was a large attendance. The annual report, which was of a highly satisfactory character, and the financial statements were read and adopted. Mr W. P. Bechervaise, although absent from Ballarat, was unanim ously re-elected president for the ensuing year. Messrs R. Toy, W. Bentley, A. Miller and C C. Shoppee were re-elected vice- presidents; Mr W. Bennett, as captain; Mr J. ii. Cameron, as hon. secretary. The City police were yesterday informed that u Chinaman named Ah Yeck, 63 years of age, was on the previous day found dead in his hut at Mount Misery. The body has been removed to Staffordshire Reef pending an enquiry. At St. Paul’" schoolroom last evening the Rev. Alfred Piieat lectured on “Foreign Invasions.” He spoke of the Danish in vasion of England, the uniting of the Danes and the Saxons in one nation under Canute, and the influence nf the church upon both. The welding of the Normans into the Engli-li nation, it was pointed out, improved the language and architecture. Throughout this period the church’s influence was very great in binding together conquerors and conquered in one united people. The lecture was both interesting and instructive. Cr Pearce, mayor of the Town, yesterday handed in his nomination as a councillor for the south ward of Ballarat East. This is the first that has been received. Mr D. Hare mentioned at the annual meeting of the Wendnuroe Rowing Club, held at the Mining Exchange Hall Inst night, that amongst tliß members wet e six publi cans, the majority of whom were willing to donate £2 2i each towards a prize, to be Called the publican’s trophy, and to he com peted for at the next regatta. Messrs J. Wiles and Mielielsnn were present, and off-red to give their subscriptions when waited upon. The offer was acaepted with thanks. Augustus Astall, aged 28, a resident of Davis street, Ballarat East, had hiß fingers severely contused yesterday while working at the Last Chance Company’s mine. A bright intelligent looking lad named Wilson yesterday gave himself up tn the police, and stated that he had run away from the man to whom he had been boarded out, on account of being over-worked and hadly treated. The lad has previously been in situation-, and holds splendid written commeiidati-'ns from his former employers. At half-past 4 o’clock yesterday morning another unoccupied cottage, situated at Sebastopol, was destroyed by fire. The building was the property of Cr Blytli, of Sebastopol, and was uninsured. At the annual inepting of the City Rowing Club last evening Mr J. B. Cameron wa pre-ented with a handsomely framed group of the photos of tlie officers and members of the dull. The picture, which was an un usually large nno (standing about 6 fest high), was prepared by Mr Frazer, nf Bridge • street, who received a special vote of thankH fir his work. Superintendent Parkinson yesterday re ceived a telegram from Milpsrinka, N S. W., requesting him to inform Mr J. R. Given, of this city, that his son, Mr H B. Given, died suddenly at that place on Monday. Onr Buninyong cnrrespnnd-ut writes; “ Cr Hedrick f*-ll foul of the Railway Cmn missinnerH at last Monday’s meeting nf the borough cmi' C'l. He read a paragraph which appeared in that day’s Age, in which it was stated that the Omiiinissiuners were of opinion that it would bo inadvisable tn reduce the freight charges upon goods and that the competition hud been much over rated. Cr Hedrick said that the statements were utterly absurd. The road traffic was increasing at. the expense of the railways, which were continuing to play a losing gam". Tim shrinkage was £9OOO per week. Mr M'Kay had been told off to prepare statistics of the traffic on the roail from Melbourne to Ballarat. The ridiculous nature of this might easily he oe»n when it was rememh-red that the trouble, as far as this district was concerned, was on the road between Geelong and Ballarat; so fir, no officer had made his appearance ;nn this section. About 40 waggons, carrying each an average of aix tons, were continuing the suiaaliing up pro cess; and yet. the Railway C'-miiiiasioiierH could calmly fold their arms and say that all was well. Doubtless the conference to the Minister would he able tn satisfactorily settle the matter. Two or three proposals might well be laid before Mr Patterson. He might be asked to reduce railway charges, to insert a permissive clause in the Government Act to empower municipalities to erect tolls, and tn bring in a Width of Tires Aot, as carry ing a load of 10 tons on a 2J inoh tire was simple destruction to the mails. Cr Hedrick was applauded on resnming his seat.” Avery successful trial of the patent ex tension ladders recently supplied to the City Fire Brigade was made at the station last night. It is intended to give a public ex hibition shortly. “ Mona Marie,” whose verses have been rend with much pteamre by many, hns written a few characteristic lines on the Hospital, in order to augment the self denial fund. The amount the an>hornns would otherwise have given to the Hospital has gone to pav the printer, and I lie whole nf the proceeds'from the sale of the lenfl-tB will be handad over to the Hospital authorities. “ Mona Marie” acted similarly in connection with the Btilli di-mater, and tho handsome sum of over £lO was raised. It is hoped that even that amount will be exceeded on this occasion. The leaflets will be sold at a cost of 3d each. Mr Duncan Wright continued his mission in tho Ebenrzsr Church sohno] (jail last night, when there was a large attendance. In a powerful and deeply interesting nddress on tile need of present decision for Christ h« held the closest attention of the audience. Tho meeting was felt by all to be a moaus of great help and blessing, Rnd some expressed peace in believing. To-day a Bible readin will be held at 3 o’clook, and at 7 a for prayer previous to the evening service * At the Town Police Court this mornino the man Geo. Archer will he brought f„ r . ward on charges of wife desertion and bigamy. A man will be charged w j t |, obscene language, and two drunkards will also be dealt with. To-morrow evening, at the Academy 0 f Music, the first of two special performances of Gilbert and Sullivan's comic opera of “ H.M.S. Pinafore” will he given by the leading amateurs of the city. The principal characters will bn undertaken hy Messrs R L. Nichnll, George Crocker, V. Wnoicock H. Hall, J. T. Shepherd, Con. Borrow, and' Dr Champion; Mioses Juliet Flegeftaab Forsyth, and Matthews. There will b e j chorus of 50 performers, and an orchestra of 30 instrumentalists. The proceeds of the performances will he divided between the Hospital, Orphan Asylum, and Benevolent Asylum. Information was yeslerday forwarded to the City police to the effect that Agnes Spence had absconded from the Brooksids R-formatory, and was supposed to be journeying to Ballarat. In connection with the sacred concert next Sunday afternoon in the Alfred Hall, i n a j,j of the Ballarat Hospital, the committee held a meeting last night, when final arrnnge merits were made. The concert, which is under the aHspice9 of both branches of the A N.A., will commence at .3 o’clock, and the programme arranged by Messrs Boustead and Davies will contain tb fl names if „ nr leading artists. Mr A. J. Peacock, M.L.A. as president of the A.N.A., will he a-ked to preside. During an interval a collection will be taken up in aid of the cause named which, it is hoped, will benefit considerably by the effort. Mensrß Pearce, Els worth and Josephs, J’a.P., attended the Town Court yesterday morning and struck out oue debt case as settled. A magisterial enquiry (writes our Beaufort correspondent) was held yesterday by Mr A. Andrews, J.P., at Mitchell’s hotel, Ner ring, touching the death of John Flett Louttit, who was found dead in his bed on Sunday morning, 6th inst. From the evi dence of his son-in-law (with whom deceased had been living) and his son, it appeared that Louttit retired to rest about 8 o’clock, in his usual health. He did not then com plain of being unwell, but was found dead in his bed when his friends called him about 8.30 next morning. Deceased had been suffering from heart disease for over two years, and about that long ago had received treatment at the Ballarat Hospital. He was 68 years of age, and a native of Stromness, Orkney Islauds. He was a sailor, but of late years followed the occupation of a miner, and had resided in the colonies for about 40 years. Dr Adam made the post mortem, examination, and ascribed the death to fatty degeneration of the heart, the find ing being in accordance with the medical testimony. On Fiiday night next, when “11.M.5. Pinafore” will he produced at the Academy of Music in aid of the Hospital self denial fund, the Railway Department will tun late trains from Ballarat to Buninyong and Allen dale to carry visitors to the city home after the performance. O i Saturday evening the Alfred Woods “Hands Across the Sea” Company will make their first appearance in Billarat, and will produce the famous drama from which they take their name. The company is a very strong one, ami their representation of the piece during a lengthened tour has been highly successful. 