LOCAL AN!) GENERAL. , Last night Hor Majesty's Dramatio Com pany initiated their preHont season in Bun- daborg \by . pluqing Tho Bhaughran on tho boards. This favorite Irish drama was ad- mirably presented, and was received vylth high favor by a vory appreciative nudieneo. In ' Conn The Shaughrnn" Mr. Edmund Duggnn played with a verve nnd power that did full justice to that poworful delineation of Irish faithfulness and tnothcr-wir, while hs " Captain Molineaux" Mr. A Bailey de pleted admirably tho English soldier lost yet in love in Ireland. Mr. A. Norman gave a telling interpretation of tho gallant young patriot, " lloherb Ffolliof, while 41 Father Doolan" In the hands of Mr. James South, ovinced tho power, pathn>>, nnd finish Ilmt tho rflto required. The Police spy 44 Harvey Duff" found in Mr. Phil Walsh an interpreter cnpabln of depicting tlio villinou8 plotting of tho traitor. 44 Sergeant Jones" was well rendered by Mr. Mclvi le, whilo Mr. H. Herbert showed power in tho part of tho treacherous " Corry ICincholla." From .Miss Amy Brooks the piquant "Moya" received full justice, and though tho absence of Mi<8 Hut'lntid. through indis position. is to be r>>gcQtted, . the role of " Moya" did not suffer it the hand of the artiste who took her plaoe "Arte O'Neale," played by Mrs. Hubert, and 44 Clare Ffolliot" by Miss E. Stanliopo, wore rondered in a manuor that rounded off into completo success tbo interest of the piece. Conn's mothor " Mrs. O'Kelly," with its quaint dpiotnre of native humor, found in Miss Milly Barlow a mostoapablo exponent, while as a whole tho interests of tho drama with all its strong points of pathos, tenderness, nnd fidelity was admirably maintained and deserved as it evoked very hearty applause.. There was evidenco and to spare last night that playgoets will receivo an enjoyable treat during tho visit of tho Company who tb-nightplny T/»o Lights o' London, and doubt less to a crowded houso. At the request of Mr. Stephen Byrne we mentioned in our last issuo that the ushering would be under his personal supervision, and in this respect the publio werfc not disappointed, m Mr. Byrno last night iusistcd upon tho improved method of nllowing holders of reserved chairs to retain their checks, thus prevent ing a recurrence of the repeated bungling which has taken plaoe in the past by which mnny citizens have suffered much incon venience. Tn& application of tho unemployed to th0 Government, tbat the recent regulation for bidding that the depot be used for other timu immigration purposes should he rescinded seems reasonable. We are in formed that the main success of the labor bureau is due to the facility oxpcricucod in placing men nt the planters' disposal imme diately, aod this facility would not exist were the men to be forbidden the use of the depot. No rations are given, and there is bur, a little expenditure of ga3 and water- supply. When the fourth clause of the , Regulations of 1892 came into force and 1 kanakas conld no longer be permitted to work in tbe mill, it became of paramount im portance to have raon ou hnnd to fill every occurring gap. Ibis but reasonable to sup pose that the operations of a mill or refinery cannot be permitted to come to a standstill by tho censing to work of three or four men, and tho Inspector has taken a common sense view of the matter and has since the regulations havo ben in operation allowed planters to utilise Polynesian labor in tho works in case of extremity on condition that immt'diate notice was given nnd application for white hands made to the Labor Bureau Fnlly three-fourths of the men supplied to plnnters through tho department have been obtained because of the permission given to casual laborers out of employment to sleep at the depot. Workineo knew that it was well they should be at hand, and planters have experienced theeasewith which they can fill up any gaps or vacancies in thoir staff, and as the usefulness of the bureau will be crippled if tbe restriction is main tained, we trust it will at once be rescinded. Wb understand the cable ship Francois Arago will arrive at Brisbane on Monday next, and may be expected off the Burnett Heads on the 17th or I8:h instant, unless the necessity for coaling entails a delay in Bris bane. Concerning the general desire that an opportunity should be afforded our citizens of viewing the cable ship and her apparatus, we understand that Captaio Almond, the Portmaster of Brisbane, has been approached with theobjeot of obtaining the use of one of tho Government steamers noting as tenders to the dredge! In return Captain Almond intimates that tho appli cation should bo made through tho member for the town nnd to that end tho aid of Mr. Duffy, M.LA., will be asked on his re turn to Bundaberg to-day or to-morrow. The request made by Mr, Duffy will, no doubt, be readily granted by the authorities and everything put in train for a pleasant excursion against the arrival of the Franoois Arago. Sunday Serviobs.— Oo Sunday next the Rev. T» Brassington will preach moroing and evening. Morning subject, " Backslid ing" ; evening subject, "The Bible a Living Book." He will also preach at Windermere in the afternoon at 3 o'clock. — The Rev. M. Foggon will preach morning and evening at the Primitive Methodist Church. Morning subject, " Spiritual Relations"; evening, " Rejected Blessings becoming a Curse." Mr. Foggon will' preach at Burnett Heads in tho afternoon at 3 o'olook. — At tho Congre gational Church the subject for Sabbath evening will bo "The Higher Christian Life" (uontinued). Mr. Hogg will preach at South Kolan in the morning, subjeut " Glory of the Grand Old Gospel." Mr. Skillington will conduct tho morninir aervieo. Thorn will ho no address at Slrtiron, as Mr. Hogg is expected to addross the children at Bingera Plantation, it being the occnsioa of thoir first Sunday school anniversary. — Tho Rev. C. Christenson will proa jh in the Recbabi tea' Hall on Sunday next, at 11 a.m. and 730 p.m. Morning subject, "True aad False Religion," in Danish; evening, " Are you on the side of Christ or of Satan?" in English. A united meeting of several of the churches was held last evoning in tho Presbyterian Cburch, tho object of the mectiug being to deepou tho spiritual life of the churches. . About 60 peoplo wore present. Tho Rev. J. M'Konzie presided and gave a brief address on "Tho baptism of the Holy Spirit." Mr. Eustace spoke on " What is the baptism of tho Holy Spirit?" Mr. Hogg on 44 How to obtain it," and Mr. Foggon on "Tho results of the baptism of tho Holy Spirit.." After the publio meeting a prayer meeting was held at wbieh Mr. Christcosan gave an address on "Prayer," and Mr. Jolmatoneone|ou "Faith," A united prayer meeting will bo held in the Primitive Methodist Church this (Friday) evening at 8 o'olock.' Mr. JohnBlon will give the address. We diroot the attention of our readers to a very important and useful table of Statistics relating to the district and port of Bunda- herg, which appears in our Supplement to- day. These statistics, prepared by the secretary to the Chamber of Comuierco, Mr. W. H. May, A.S.A.A., Eng., wero read at the annual muoting of tho Chamber, and reflect the greatest credit on the compiler, 'bearing witness to u fund of patience and skilled iudustry, They are of very great valuo, showing at a glance tho productions of tho district, thoir value and thoir natnre. A petition hits been filled for the liquidation of tho estate of Frank Love Pratteaof Brisbane, civilservant; liabilities £775 10s. Tho following persona have been adjudged insolvent George Robertson lluzledean, ueur EIr, 8c)eotor; Elizuboth Macintyre, of Brisbane, widow; William Henry GiJlilnnd,Pino Rivor, near Brisbane , timborgetter. r'.jBuNDAnaRo stands welHu'tho prize list ' of sugar and Biuar-p'oduoing plants nt tho National AtspoiabinnY Exhibition in Bris- bane, and wo find that Mr. John Gaylard, of ' Windaor Plantation, takes tho following 1 p< izfs Sueur, white, refinod or otherwise ; vacuum un oflued rewind prize. Sugar omo grown by exhibitor j second prize. Best; collection of sugar manufactured by exhibitor, sugar, brewers' crystals. The prize for vacuum pan sugar open to augar- hoilere also gous to Windsor Plantaticm, being won by Mr. C. Thygesen. In the vacuum unroflned Mr. G. Groathead, of Bundaborg, obtains tho first award, also for grainy yellow sugar, vacuum or open pan prooess. Tho only other prizo — fcnkor in the sugar section was Mr. G. W. Bolton, of Mnokay. Wu arc pleased to see that. Mr. Joseph Soblusky was awarded tho first order of merit and silver modal in the class for artisana' work, the exhibit boing the inlaid tablo described in Lhcso columns a short timo ago. Tub temperance cause is about to reoolvo an impalus in North Bundaberg, wherestepa havo bcon taken ba resuscitate tho Lodge in that quarter of the town. The members of the late soeioty and those interested in tho move ment meet next Monday evening in tho North Bundaberg School of Arts, to reorganise tho bulge and get, things in working order. AU those iu'eresteri in the object the society has ar, hoarh aro requested to attend. As the regalia, books, &o; , of tho late society will bo available for the proposed lodge, preliminary expenso in connection with the iostitntioa of the Inttor will be minimised. At tho Polico Court on Wednesday last, before the Police Magistrate, the suit of Edmund Burke ngninab H. Howard and Co., for wages, was brought to a close, having occupied three sittings of the court. Mr. J. . Johnston apprare J fur the complainant, and Mr. Hnmilton for defendants. The com- , p'ninant sought to recover £10 for wages due to him while in defendants' employment as a hawker. Defendant put in a counter olaim for goods The evidenco was voluminous. The Police Magistrate gave a verdict for complainant for £5 Is., with costs, in all £6 15s. Gd., to be recovered againsbH. Howard by levy and distress. Tire-writing promises in tho near future to do away with all the difficulties attending illegible penmanship Some instruments in their pries come within the range of all who aspire to write by machinery, and of these the Mcrritt is one. Mr. Smith is now. can vassing the town for orders for the Merritt, the mechanism of which is most simple, whilo tho price is small. Wa regret to hear that Mr. H. C. Boyle, accountant in the local branch of the Royal Bank, is one of the victims of retrenchment in connection with that institution.. Mr. Boyle, has beoa connected with . the bank for over seven years having filled the position of accountant in Gympio, Mary- botough, Townsvillo, and Bundaberg, and, although acknowledged by a testimonial from the directors to ho a capable and trust worthy officer, he, in common with others, in cluding the manager of tho Maryborough branch, are compelled to sever their connec tion with tho institution. Not a few citizens gathered togethor on Wednesday nnd last evening to listen to a somewhat novel open-air lecture on figures, which was delivered in Bourbon-street by the aucnb of a very useful little book entitled "How to Become Quick at Figores," tbe work of Mr. Johu Scott. In this useful little pamphlet, a copy of which we have received, there is found a host of useful hints and short and easy methods of doing long sumo which many of us would have liked to have been in fashion when we were at sohool. The simplicity and the speed of tbe . methods supplied are marvellous. In tho arrival of the brig Bio Loge, 350 tons, from Newcastle, we. have the continu ance of an important phase of the sngar industry, for we learn that tho vessel, bring ing a cargo of ooals here from Newcastle, will load sugar at Miilaquin for Dunedin, New eaiana. air. a. Ai'intosh is the agent; At tho Petty DebfB Court on Wednesday, before the Police Magistrate, there was but one case, that of Thomas Morris v. E. Stark £2 for good sold and delivered i verdict for plaintiff, with costs of Court, in all £2 Oa. The trustees of tho Wesleyan Church desire us to publicly thank Mr. W. Red mond for so kindly plaoing the Theatre at heir disposal. Also all the friends who so liberally responded with donations, subsorin tions, and labor, thus ensuring tho success of the services. . . 