Tlie Tale of n Fish* When a man doth wish to angle, - A hook like this he {loves to dangle : i *»/ -i i : • -i • i ; i J if"' 1 .* „• . j He has a line so good and strong, And catches a fish about so long : Before he gets home the fish doth grow (?) And he tells his friends that. it stretched out to: \- f a & But his friends who have a-fisliing been, Know tliat the man lias lied like sin, And they simplj sit and smile and grin: O O O O 0„ O. O O Jamos A. Mansfield, ex-secretary to the Melbourne teaman's Union, has, been arrested oii a cliafge ol marrying" Mary Ann Fleming during the life of Ids wife. Mr. R. E. Minchin, director of the ioological'C^iaKfens, <tted &n;~XVfednesdaJ:' fternoon, after suffering an illness lasting iover many weeks. The Premier (Sir J. Dpwner) returned fro-Ji his visit to the eastern colonies by the Melbourne express on Wednesday morning. ~ A Vi-torian telegram states—"Iso f ;wer th-»n twenty resignations lmve been received from young lady teachers wl:o, presumably, are , following tlie" advice given by Mr. Peacock, Minister of Education, that they should get married before the provision in the bill now before Parliament becomes operative, and by which lady teachers wril-be deprived of any compensation in the event of their marrying." VICTORIA won the intercolonial cricket match against South Australia by six ,wickets. Graham and Barrett remained W>t out with 86 and 68 respectively Against their names. Graham batted brilliantly and is now sppkea of as ljkely to pet a place in the eleven to be,selected "for England. 1 ' : LAUGE SHIPMENT OF BUTTER.—Tl>e LARGEST shijmient of butter which has been made in any~part of the world will be tliat by -the R.M.^. Ballaarat. next week, says :*he Colac Herald of Friday It «U1 Wifeist|of .16,000 cases, weighing 500 tons, ahd it) trains will have to be employed to convey it from Newport cool stores * to the Williamstown pier. The shipment will occupy the whole of ,tlie refrigerating chamber of ^C^steamer:—tlie largest attached to any veBSfl^^tin® tfejporfc All tlie butter will be oFfii^t ^ss^qualify. THE LONDON BUTTEE MARKET.—A m-ent cable message says pifees,\\\|«cli. have been obtained recently in London for' Australian butter have made it unpopular. The exporters of Danish butter, with the view of again securing the control of the market, have lowered fcl|je» jprl^e by 15s. pqr cwt. Importers of Amtralian-butber have; hw-evet, recovered their position in the market by selling at the following reduced prices ^Victorian dairy made, 98s. to 102s.; factory, 112s. to 114s.; and Western district factory at lips, per cart. MORE STOCK FOR ADELAIDE:—A special train of 14 trucks left Mount Gambier on Monday morning taking 1,517 mixed sheep from tlie South-East. The, cheep were consigned bv Bagot. Shakes, & Lewis, Limited^ ahd were in charge of Mr. P. W. Thring. Four tructfi were sent to Nairne, two to Kapunda, and eight to Adelaide. ^ : j- THE Rev. J. Robertson, the pastor of ; thjp Mount Gambier Baptist Church, lias* resigned through disagreement fe^h .some of his congregation as ^ce^iity fpg building a new church. News comes of a remarkable occurance in the Western part of the State of Yirginia^the birth of a remarkable child tfmt unfortunately died a few hours after its birth. It was a "taegro, and its parents and friejuls JrqucJif.% r ; «he truth of the story and agreo:injeyei^ ticular. At birth the child had a full and beautiful Set of teeth and long flowuig liiair, : jet black in color. Though no burger titan > the ordinary infant it seemed to be possessed of the mental faculty of maturity. In a clear voice it said, "Time here is short," closed its eyes, and was dead. " The excitement and consternation i|i the.region^ for niiles around is," according to the New York corresponcleut of the Melbourne 1 Age, "very great. 'The most pensible a^d intelligent of the popnla- «tion liave received a decided impression from the oecurirence,, and as for the. superstitious they are in a state of dread, this feeling being increased by the appearance of the comet, which has been wrought into a sensation by some of the newspapers demonstrating the approaching destruction of the earth by tlie erratic wanderer in the heavens. A fragment, supposed to have come from the comet, and weighiug about 10 tons, struck the earth in Colorado recently. Hobody saw it.fall, but the .character-of the lump, and th e fact that it was red hot when discovered-in a Held where nothing of the kind had been seen before makes it very certain that it (was a meteorite or aeorlite of some sort." r . The cost of the presidental election campaign in tlie United States is set down at over £1,000,000. Mr. Andrew Lang estimates that there are about 100,000 novelists in Great Britain, only 90b of whom secure publishers. Last year the Melbourne Mint issued £3,488,750 worth of gold coin. In the 14 years ended with 1890 nearly 44,000,000 rabbit-skins, valued at about £284,000, were exported from Victoria. It is pleasant—by *ay of climatic contrast —to read that 50,000 skaters arc enjoying themselves on the ice in London parks. Australian factory butter sent to London by the Orizaba has brought from £5 12s. to £5 18s. per cwt., as against £5 received for dairy butter. An electric search light has been placed, 6300 ft. above the sea, upon the summit of Mount Washington, the higliist peak in the White Mountains of New Hampshire. $[rs. Amelia Bloomer who devised and gave itejiame to tlie " Bloomer costume " is" still lupiiS in the United States. Singular to relate, she wears the ordinary female garb. *The total sum impounded by the British postal authorities, as the result of a recent police-court decision in connection with " missing weirds " competitions, is £44,000." The death-roll of 1892 included four faihons poets—Lowell, Whittier, Whitman, and Tennyson— America losing three of her greatest sons. The French Chamber of Deputies has rejected a proposal to levy an impost on spccu- Jatavc .operations on the Bourse. Sucn a tax, it ^was estimated, would produce from 15^000,000 to 18,000,000 francs. Mr. Justice Kennedy, the new English Judge, has the reputation of being the best linguist now on the bench. He can with ease converse in eight languages (a London newspaper asserts). The railway revenue for the week ended Januarv 7 was £24,000, while for the corresponding week in 1892 was £25,344, showing a decrease of £1,344. Tlie receipts from Customs duties from Julv 1, 1892, to January 7, 1893, total JE29-V: 9 lis.- while the amount received from July 11, 189i, to January 9, 1892, was £322,539 5s. lOd. A Bribbme telegram, dated January 11th, states:—Mr. Roger North, a Government bfReer fconnected with the Polynesian Immigration Department at Maryborough, was fouuii dead in his bedroom this morning with a bullet wound in his head. A revolver was by his side, and he is supposed to have committed suicide. - . _-- - The death is announced of Bengamin Franklin Butler, the well-known general who fought on the Federal side in the United •S-ates civil war. ; , John Allen, aged 20 years, in the employment of the Melbourne Tramway Company, was killed in a cable tunnel on Wednesday afternoon while effecting repairs at Burnley. A cit cam; a'oig quite iliecpectedly, and the grip ttruck him and tore one of his legs from his body, he died soon after. The' consignment of Queensland beef to London by the steamer Puahine has realised from.2f.L to 2|d. per lb., and the mutton 2|d. The demand for frozen meat is improving. The Liverpool importers of frozen meat confirm the complaints of the London firms as to the action of unscrupulous retailers iki selling inferior meat under the pretence that it. is New Zealand meat. It is further stated that cheap River Plate mutton is substituted for New Zealand, thus injuring the trade in the lailer. It is understood tliat the following team is to be submitted to the Australian Cricket Council to represent Australia in En ?lan-l:— Messrs. Blackham, Bruce, Trot*, Trumble, McLeod, and Graham, of Victoria. Messrs. G. Giffen, W. Giffen, Lyons, and A. H. Jarvis, of South Australia ; and Messrs. Turner, p annerman, and Gregory, of New , South Wales. . • .. The .marriage of Princess Marie of Edinburgh and Prince Ferdinand of Roumania wa? celebrated last Wednesday at Sigmaringen, Germany, on a scale of great splendor. The Countess of Kihtore, accompanied by the ladies Ethel and Hilda Keith-Falconer, left oii Thursday afternoon by the Melbourne express en route to New Zealand. The party will proceed almost direct to that colony, and will be the guests of the Earl of Glasgow. The Countess and her daughters will be away about two months, and will probably .reach Adelaide again about the end of March. John Nicholson, who is awaiting his trial m connection with the frauds on the Bowden Building Societv, still lies in gaol, and the lit test account states that he is in a terribly dejeeted~condition, in fact completely broken down. For a long time the mental strain was very great, and Nicholson quite recently told a friend that he had really not had a good nights rett for tw > years. The estate of the late Mr. H. B. Hughes in Queensland has been proved at £75,000. An English paper records that a pieked cricket team of eleven lawyers from Liverpool Splayed 'a' picked eleven lawyers from Manchester. The day was -fine,BO a large company assembled to see which lot" of lawyers had the best practice. With tlie rfiWt ball of the'second over a dispute arosts. attd the 22 lawyers gathered around tlie umpire Jto argue the point. The argument I<N»i|biDU«l |with no 'signs jot abatement till 5 i o'ltiJck iL £he! evening..when the umpire died. The greatest astonishment was felt by the onlookers that he held up as long as he did, considering what he had gone through! Dr. Madden, it is said, gives up a practice of £7,000 a year to take the position of Chief Ji4% at, 63^00 a year. ^ , Mr. Wv~T: Jones, -one of the eading -vietorian. racehorse owners, returned to Melbpurjiejrom England the other day. 