LATEIt NEWS BÏ CA1ÍLE. From the Herald we take the following - . London, Feb 11 Sir John S. D Thompson, the Premier of Canada, has made a promise to the Dimimon House of Commons that a grant would be voted for the re- lief of the sufferers by the calamitous floods in Queensland if the details of the disaster showed that tbere was any necessity for such aid. Heavy gales have occurred in the Atlantic Twelve persons are reported to have been washed overboard from the Allan liner Pomeranian. The captain was amongst the number After trying to obtain a meeting for four years, the Australian Committee of the London Chamber of Commerce has amicably discussed with eight leading Australian shipowners the question relating to bills of lading The discussion was eventually ' postponed till 1st March, in order to enable the shipowners to consider the committee's proposals The appeal to the Privy Council in the case of James v. ¡stevenson has been dismissed, with costs. M. Ferdinand de Lesseps, who was sentenced to five years' imprisonment and ordered to pay a fine of 5000f (about .£200) for swindling and breach of trust in connection with the Panama Canal scandal, is in a stato of coma He is quite ignorant of the sentence passed upon him -^-Feb 12 M. Charles de Lesseps, M. Fontaines, Baron Cottu, and M Eiffel have appealed against the sentences passed upon them. In consequence of the indifference of the foreign I Powers ad to the fate of Hawaii, together with ex-Queen Liloukalani'a proposal to sell her sove- reign rights to the United States, the feeling in favour of annexation to America is increasing. In consequence of an outbreak of natives at Kis maya, in Somaliland, East Africa, a British man-of war wBB despatched to the scene of the rising. An armed force was lauded, and the outbreak quelled, 40 Somali natives being killed. During the out- break the Somalis tried to assassinate the British Resident at Kismaya. The Khedive. Abbas Pasha, has retwoed to Cairo from Aesiout, in Upper Egypt, whither he recently proceeded in order to open the railway to that town. In the House of Commons last night, Mr. W. Pritchard Morgan, M.P. for Merthyr Tydvil, with- drew the amendment to the Address in Beply to the Speech from the Throne, of which be had given notice, pointing out the necessity for the appoint- ment of a Minister for Mines, upon a promise being given by Sir William Vernon Harcourt, Chancellor of the Exchequer, that the suggestion should receive .consideration. The speech delivered by Mr. H. H. Asquith, the Home Secretary, in reply to Mr. J. E. Redmond's demand for the release of 14 Irish dynamiters from prison, and in the course of which the'Home Secretary said that the Govern- ment must refuse to extend indulgence to all such criminals, bitterly exasperated the members of the Piirnellito .party. An amendment to the Address, exptessing regret at the release of the Gweedore piisoaers, was discussed. It was negatived with- out division. The amendment to the Address moved by Mr. H. O. Arnold Forster, M.P. for Belfast West, referring to the practice of clerical intimidation at elections, was rejected by a majority of 43 votes. February 12 : An amendment to the Address in reply Jioved by Mr. James Lowther, M.P. for Thanet, in favour of restricting the immigration of destitute aliens into the United Kingdom, was rejected by a majority of 135. Mr. Gladstone said the question raised by Mr. Lowther was immature, and presented features of extreme difficulty. He dwelt upon the number of persons who were continually emigrating to foreign countries, and pointed to the possibility of retalia- tory measure being taken by foreign Governments in the event of Great Britain excluding aliens. The Labour Department of the Board of Trade had already despatched a commission to the United States to inquire into the system of restriction in immigration there, but the Government would be willing to appoint a committee to consider the question. Sir Charles Dilke, M.P. for Forest of Dean, who made his first speech since his return to the House of Commons, thought the evil complained of was exaggerated. The Address in Beply to the Speech from the Throne was voted. A great scene took place in the House of Com- mons last night arising out of a remark made in jest by Mr. A. J. Balfour, ex-Chief Secretary for Ireland, as to Mr. Gladstone's increasing age. Mr. Gladstone indignantly resented the remark, and Mr. Balfour eventually apologised. Shares in the English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bank aie quoted at £16. A paper waB read before the Boyal Colonial Institute last night by Professor Wallace on " Agriculture in Australasia." Eefcrring to the frozen meat industry, he predicted that Australian crossbred sheep would soon be equally suitable for the European meat market as New Zealand sheep. He said that the limit to the increase of beef pro- duction in Australia was not within the range of vision. Speaking of the butter industry, Professor Wallace said that colonial butter produced from grass-fed Btock would soon surpass the best Danish butter. It is believed that the stocks of Canadian and Nova Scotia apples will be scarce this season. The prospect of a moderato quantity of fine Tasmanian apples arriving about the end of April are good. Depositors to the amount of over ¿6250,000 with the Federal Bank are in favour of voluntary liqui- dation. Mr. Arnold Morley hRS denied that the Govern- ment has arrived at any conclusion in favour of Ocean Penny Postage. Personally, he is not hostile to the proposal. The financial difficulty is not serioiiB, and there are no insuperable administrative obstacles. It is essential that the colonies should agree to the chango, but they would probably be adverse to a further reduction at present. The question could not be raised until the Postal Union of 1897, the proposal being in direct opposition to the distinct pledges given by the British repre- sentatives afc the Convention of the Postal Union held in 189-1. Mr. Arnold Morley states that until there is a change in the feeling of the colonies respecting the reduction in postage, it would be impossible for Great Britain to estab- lish the proposed penny postage, which would be in distinct opposition to the pledges given to the colonies on their admission to the Postal Union. If Great Britain reduced the postage to a penny the colonies would have the right to surcharge double tho deficiency. The export of iron to Australasia decreased in value to the extent of £97,000 during January. The North Wales section of, the Liberal party has formally threatened to secede from the party unless the bill for church disestablishment be pushed forward. Sir John Bray, Agent-General for South Aus- tralia, has made inquiries as to the truth of the report that the Jewish charitable societies intended to send out 400 destitute Jews to Australia. He was assured by Dr. Adler, the Chief Rabbi, that tho Jnwish societies had no intention of shipping destitute Jews to Australia, and that the report to that effect was without foandation. ¿~i ' . ?. ? * 