%\\)t ê>yoncç áilormng ^erafb« TUESDAT, OCTOBER 3, 1893. THE London Standard »ays that Franco has granted tho Russian fleet permanent «heiter and facilities for cuuling and repairing in the Méditer ranean, thus Betting anide certain provision» ot tho treaty of Paris France nevertheless insists that the Dardanelles shall bo closed against Roumanian ironclads -which are being built at Hamburg AN extensive small arms factory in Franco is making repeating rifles for Russia THE London Fimnmal New» states that the success of tho New South Wales loan is fully assured *. A SAUTE of Bombay has prosontcd £15,000 to the Imperial Instituto TJVDEB, extremo pressure, Siam ha» agreed to enter into a treaty with France, under whioh France will evacuate Ohantaboon when the country is pacified Franco withdraws the demand for the expulsion of Danish officers BETWEEV 4000 and 6000 trades-unionists marched in the Eight-hour procession yesterday Thirty-ono societies were represented, and the demonstration was imposing, there being many banners and bauds THE «ports in conneotlon vi ith the Eight-hour demonstration wero held at Rosehill yesterday Between 17,000 and 19,000 persons visited the ground during the day A PERSON believed to be an anarchist bas thrown a dynamite cartridge through the doorway of St George's Roman Catholic Cathedral in London The cartridge exploded, but no one was in j ured THE Loyalists m the Argentine Republic havo recaptured Ronario from the insurgents AT tho London wool sales competition is leen, and prices are firm TOE Freehold Trust of Australia has declared a div idend at the rate of 10 por cttot per annum has inoreased the roservo by ¿3000, and haB carried forward £1000 YESTERDAY the RMS Merkara arrived at Thursday Inland from London THE steamship Monowai, which left for San Francisco yesterday, bad on board a consignment of blood stook comprising b m Luna, blk f Candid, b o Trontolu, and lour others AT the meeting of tho Canterbury Park Raen Club yesterday the Demonstration Handicap of lia sov« , the principal event of the meeting, was won by Mr H V Foy'» Whisht THE cargo of New Zealand wheat by tho barque Arnold, which left Lyttelton on 2nd June has been sold in tho London grain market at 27u 7M per quarter A BOT named Victor Konnelly was killed on thn Milson'» Point to Hornsby railway lino yesterday by being run over by a tram The ohild's head was Bovored from his body, and one hand was cut off LADT GLASGOW, wife of the Governor of Non Zealand, will shortly proceed on a visit to Eng- land THE New Zealand Customs revenue for the last Bix months exceeds the Treasurer's estimate bj £22,000 Foo the quarter ended 30th Septembor, tho Queensland revenue was £1,042,712, being a de- crease of £63 855 as compared with the corre- sponding quarter ot last year GEEAT fears are entertained for the safety ot the barque Evelvn, wind loft Newcastle for Lytteltou, New Zculand, on the 19th September A quantitv of wreckage nnd a boat bearing tho barque s name has been sighted THE Brisbane Municipal Council has decided to invite tenders for tho purchase of debentures to the amount of £75 000, bearing interest at 5 per oent, with tho minimum at par Sr_AK_»a at Peakhurst on Saturday night, Mr J H Carruthers said that nt the next election ho would stand for tho eleetorato of bt George Ho condemned the direct representation of any par- ticular class, and favoured a tax on lund THE number of porsons who travelled on tho railways yesterday wa» 61,813, as against 71,404 on the sarao day last year THE congress of the Australasian Awooiarlon for the Advancement of Science ira« concluded at Adelaide yesterday. A vote of thanks was passed to tho New Zealand Government for having pro- claimed Resolution Island us a reservo for the preservation of native fauna. AT a mooting of tho Victorian Chamber of Manufactures last night, it wns decided to invite Sir Henry Parkes to deliver an address upon federation in Melbourne at an early dato. FOB the past niito month» of the yosr tho doorcase in the Tasmanian revenue amounts to £70,000. IN order to enable the engineers to complete their ballot regarding the proposed reduction in thoir wages, tho stcainihip owners havo extended the agreoment, which oxpired on Saturday, for a fortnight. It may well be a question whether, if a "new ora" in regard to the holding of public meetings in Sydney was, as stated, inaugurated by the proceedings of last week, tho chief characteristic of that era will not be that public meetings fall into total disuse We have now twice had the opportunity of observing the working of the B.ystem then intro- duced, first at Mr. M'MILLAX'S meeting, and since at the meeting of pro- tectionists, and we feel an increas- ing difficulty in accepting it as a more excellent way than that in ex- istence before. Whatever may be the theory or purpose upon which the holding of publia meetings is based, it is difficult to imagine what encourage- ment there will be for continuing to hold thom whon thore is a high probability that they will be taken possession of by persons hostile to the convener, and that his friends will be conspicuous by their absence. Mr. M'MILLAN desired to convert his former defeats into a success, and put up with a good deal to secure that end. . But it is hardly likely that persons will go on holding meetings for the purpose of delivering public addressos when thero is a practical certainty that all those who may be supposed to bo in sympathy with orderly progress, rational development, and the attainment of the status of nationality will consistently Btay away, leaving the meeting to be composed of those who are on principle " agin" all of these objects, and whose ideul of public discussion is the silencing of speech by offensive clamour and the carrying by a tumultuous majority an amendment upon whatever may bo put forward. When it is known that the public speaker, if ho is on the side of any form of order, will alwaj'B have an adverse audience devoted to disorder in theory and also in practice, that it will enforce upon the speaker the acceptance of a hostile chairman, who will limit him as to time and method, that it will reserve to itself the right to assail him with brutal in- sults, and end with carrying a resolution | against his views, whatever thoy may bo, it is ouly fair to suppose that the disposi- tion to hold public meetings will become considerably restricted, and that this ancient institution of the English race is, so far as Sydney is concerned, in its last "days. If for the time we accept this assump- tion, which probability seems to dictate, we may proceed a step further and ask what we should lose wore the practico of hold- ing publio meetings to be wholly relinquished. In attempting to an- swer this wo shall hardly err in recognising that tho publio meeting grew up out of conditions very different lrom our own. It ivas an attempt of a man animated by some general purpose to address the public that he might lay his convictions and arguments before it. But what was tho publio which he addressed ? It was that chance and proximate frac- tion of the whole public which ho was able to get together, and whioh he took as n part of the whole and as all that was within reach. But is this the publie which a man has in view who, for the furtherance of any national ond, addresses a public meeting now ? When Mr. GLAD- STONE, moved to wrathful indigna- tion by the action to which the Government of Lord BEACONSFIELD threatened to commit the country over the Bulgarian difficulty, or when Lord SALIS BTOY or the Duke of DEVONSHIRE, desirous of rousing public opinion against Home Rule for Ireland, summons a mooting for that purpose, what is the publio to which they make their appeal ? Certainly not merely the people attending that meeting. The meeting is merely the occasion, the opportunity ; but the speech is really addressed to the whole vast pub- lic of the three kingdoms, which it will, through the medium of the press, reach on the following morning. The public meeting is little more than an antiquated survival, or at best but a formal means of securing circu- lation through the newspapers to an address directed, not -merely to a chance audience grouped in a single hall, but to the community at largo, whose common interests it concerns. The delivery of the address in a publio hall is buta form, the essential reality is the publication of it through the press to every household in the country. It is easy to see that if public meetings were to pass out of lashion all of the purposes which they servo could easily be achieved in other ways. Already we have in many English communities abolished the obsolete and useless electoral procedure of nomination on publio hut- tings, and it may be that we shall soon and without loss bo led to abandon that of publio addresses to the electors. lîut though it is conceivable that we might without detriment discover some substituto for publio meetings as moans of addressing the real publio of the country, we emphatically recognise that it would be a serious matter wero tho right of any man to hold a publio meeting of such of his fellow-citizens as might wish to hear him extinguished bj' organised and intoleiant violence. This would amount to the destruction of an inherited and inherent liberty, aud one which could not bo dostioyed without'1 disgrace and damage. If we lose the public meeting as n means of circulating argument on political questions of general interest we trust that it will not bo lost in that way. Its disuse and supercession by other meant, moro applicable to tho circumstances of the time would be one thing, but its suppression by rough und offonsive vio- lence would bo soniothingentirelydilr'eront. It would bo a distinct retrogression towards the days of despotism and in- tolerance, and would cause us to leave to our successors one liberty less thnn we had inherited from those who went before, _ ' The recent decision of Mr. Justice HOOD, the report of which we copied the other day from the Melbourne Argun, is of great importance as affecting the administration of justice in this colony as well as in Victoria. The Im- perial Act of '1828, 9 GEO. IV., c. 83, provided that all laws and statutes then in force in England should be applied in the administration of justice hore so fur as thoy could be applied. It also gave to the colonial Legislature the power of making such limitations and modifications as it deemed expedient. The results have been that from that day until now justice I has been administered in colonial Courts under the provi .ions of Imperial statutes, and colonial laws have been passed and enforced dealing with the same Bubjoots ; sometimes in a different way, and some- times determining the local applicability of the Imperial statutes. Occasionally it is said that the Imperial statutes have thus been repealed; but the more correct statement is that under the authority to impose limitations they have been de- clared inoperative within the colony. In somo casos an Imperial Btatute in force in England in 1828 has been repealed since then by the Imperial Parliament, but remains applicable within the colony, under the Act of 1828, because the local Legislature has not dealt with it. When an Imperial statute has been left untouched, or has been declared to be no longer operative or applicable, the situation is comparatively simple. But wheu the coloniul Legislature has taken the subject of the Imperial statute in hand, and dealt with it in a partial or incom- pleto manner, it may be a question of some nicety to decide how far the provisions of the Imperial statute may still be applicable. Since 1828 hundreds of laws have been passed here, and many of them relate to subjects which had pre- viously been provided for by Imperial legislation. In these eases, then, are we or are we not subject to both sets of laws ? That is the question which Mr. Justice HOOD deoided, the other day, in Melbourne ; and his answer was to the effect that we may be subject to both sets of laws when the colonial Legislature has not dealt with a subject exhaust- ively. The Victorian Judge was asked to review a conviction by magistrates. A man had been fined under an Act of GEOB-E III. for having acted as an spotheoury without a license. A Medical Act was passed in Victoria in 1890, undor which it is a punishable offence to protend to be an apothecary without being registered. It was contended that tho Imperial statute could not be enforced because it had by implication been repealed by the colonial statute. In fact, it was argued that this so-called repeal was always implied when the colonial Legislature had dealt with a subject pre- viously regulated by the provisions of an Imperial statute. This proposition was li old to bo far too wide. Admitting that when the colonial Legislature had dealt with a complete subject, such as the Insolvency Law, the inference must bo that it was intended that the local legis- lation should cover tho whole ground, the Judge held that if the colonial Legislature had not purported to deal with the whole subject, and there was nothing incon- sistent betwen the local and Imperial Acts, it was reasonable to suppose, either that the ono had no con- nection with the other, or that they were meant to co-exist. In the case before him, the local legislation did not appear to cover the whole subject ; there was no inconsistency between the two Aots ; and the two offences, of acting as an apothecary without being licensed, and oi protending to be nu apothecary wittiout beiug rogistored, might stand together. The conviction was therefore upheld. I We do not know whether this decision is likely to be challenged. To the lay iniud it appears to be reasonable and sound. As wo have remarked, the Im- perial Act of 1828, whilst directing that Imperial legislation in force at that date Bhould bo applied, 60 far as it was applicable, ia the administration of justico within the colony, entrusted the colouial Legislature with power to subject its operation to limitations and modifica- tions. A twofold advantage was thus con- ferred. The colony was supplied with a ready-made body of statute law avail- able for the purpose of meeting immediate wants and future requirements until the local Legislature saw fit to provide otherwise ; and thus anything in the nature of an interregnum under which contingencies might arise and find no law to deal with them was avoided. The colony was also enabled, whenever it might appear that the Imporiiil statutes although applicable were less suitable to local conditions than might be desired, to set up limita- tions or modifications which would meet local necessities in- a more appropriate way. In these circumstances, when the colonial Legislature has failed to exercise ita powers in any degree, the inference is that it is satisfied with the Imperial law, and therefore silently assents to its enforcement. And on the other hand, when it has interfered with a question already dealt with in the Imperial law, but only so far in express terms as to par- tially limit or modify the operation of the latter without effecting a complete change, the fair inferenco is that this was doneof design, and thatthoseportionsof the Imperial law not expressly traversed were intended to remain in force. If the situa- tion as thus described has not always been clearly understood, the explanation would seom to be that attention has not been directed to it. When, however, the work of consolidating the statute law is entered upon, and the accumulated mass of Imperial and colonial legislation now in force is being reduced within man- ageable dimensions, it will be necessary that close attention be paid to thit matter. The deoision of Mr. Justice HOOD will be looked upon in two different lights, apart from any question as to its sound- ness. Assuming it to be sound, there are some who will regard it as a misfortune that the unchanged portions of Imperial statutes which have been only partially modified should still remain in force in the colonies. Others will hold the opinion that whilst the colonial Legislatures ought to have inado a clean sweep if they intended to do so, the interests ol' the colonioB may have been sorved by the incompleteness of their action. We often hear remarks condemnatory of the "antiquated" or the " obsoloto " legislation derived from the Imperial Parliament, to which we aro still subject. As if every modern thing wero good, how- ever mistaken, and ovory ancient thing were bad, though it be the embodiment of sound policy and wisdom ! Within the last few years the cause of justico has boen served in the colonies by falling back upon Acts of HENRY VIII. and ELIZABETH. The question for practical politicians is not whether an Act is old or new, but whether it ÍB wiso and workable. In his speech at TumberumbaMr. LYNE repeated the assertion he had made before, that under the influence of protective duties in this colony our manufacturing activity has increased. It would be interesting wore the Minister to furnish tho publi« with some particulars of this increase, since his assertion is quite opposed to tho general belief on the subject. It is the more desirable that he should do this inasmuch as the only argument he has advanced in support of his statement breaks down on examination. Mr. LYNE appeals, or at any rate so we understand him, to infer that the tariff must be exerting a protective influeaoo,, sinoe the duties collected under it are diminishing. But his colleague the Treasurer, in his financial statement at the end of last year, though ho had to admit a shrinkage of Customs rovonue, had also to acknowledge that this was confined to the old duties, and that the now ones had yielded more than was expected from them. In other words, they had proved to be wholly revonue- yielding in their operation, and were to no extent protec- tive. So that if this benoficial influence on manufacture has boen exercised at all, it has boen during the present do pressed and unprosperous year. And to enable us to believe this we should like to see some moro cogent evi- dence than either unsupported assertion, or obviously fallacious inference As to the ' real effect of a protective tariff carried out unshrinkingly to its last results, we have very telling evidenco afforded us in the colony of Victoria, where the duties have by successive gradations been raised as high, some of thom, as 50 per cent. Surely there we ought to seo a steady growth of manufacturing prosperity, and a regular increase in the numborot those employed. What is actually seeu is shown by a return published a few days ago by Mr. HATTBE, the Government Statist, thus stating the number of hands employed in manufactories, works, and quarries for toa years ; Men Employed. 1834 .39,572 1885 .41,802 1886 .' 42,800 1887 .' , .. 40,911 .1888 .43,517 1889 '. '.. 49,118 1800 .. '.. "7. .. 50,854 1891 '.49,402 1892 .45,205 1893 .36,509 The women and girls" employed in the factories, who in 1884 were 8157, have in 1893 shrunk to 7175. So that as protec- tion has increased, employment has steadily diminished, and there aro fewer men and women employed under protection in Viotoria now than there wero 10 years ago. As to the conditions of their employment, we have lately had a lurid light thrown on these by the revelations elicited by the Sweating Commission. We are sure that Mr. LYXE has no desire to reproduce that state of things in New South Wales. , The Government land sales hold in several country centres at the end of last week seem to havo been fairly successful. At Gundagai the amount realised was £1518, at Muswellbrook £2045, at Temora £1900, at Stockinbingal £1300, at Bourke £713, at Germanton about £200, and at Goulburn a quantity of land was sold representing but a small part of the area offered, and the sum paid is not stated. At Greta no offer was received for any of the lots ; but this is not remarkable, seeing that the depression iu the coal- mining industry has nowhere boon more severely felt than at Greta. Likewise at Araluen no land was sold, a result attri- buted to the upset price having been made too high. That complaint is lamiliar, but peoplo are not hasty to censure the Lands Office on that account. It would be a mistako to hinder legitimate occupation by prohibitive prices for the public ostate, but a mistake little less serious would be to sacrifice the land in a scramble among those who object to paying a fair consideration. Meanwhilo the sales give evidence of a satisfactory amount of confidence, even if thoy cannot be regarded as proof of immediate development. Lots in and about country towns of a progres- sive character are often bought as invest- ments for future use or sale, whioh ever may be most remunerative. Still, these purchases aro a sign of faith in a future advance of settlement, and they have to be taken in conjunction with the more healthy and normal settlement that is going on outside the town boun- daries. Of the demand there is for larger areas of farming and grazing land we may learn by the steady push of selecting wherever it is practicable in the Central division-a movement that began long before rhç present tariff was introduced, and cannot be considered to depend upon that tariff. What it does depend upon are cheap land and railway access to markets. Of course we are not now con- sidering the consequences of a policy ol free land sole ; the point is that there is a strong and growing demand for uublic lands intended to be occupied as homo steads or held as investments in the inland towns-a demand fairly to he taken OB proving the soundness of the producing interests of the country._ There have of late been many signifi- cant proofs of the growing closeness of the RUBBO-French alliance or political under- standing, which are not renderod less disquieting by the warlike character which the rapprochement assumes. For some time there have been indica- tions of the great importance attributed by the French people to the forth- coming visit of the Russian fleet to Toulon. This demonstration is, indeed, viewed so seriously, especially wheu coupled with the reported intention of France to offer Russia permanent facilities for shelter, coaling, and repair in tho Mediterranean, that it is stated that Groat Britain intends to roply by sending a squadron about the same time to an Italian-port. Italy is credited with the intention of going a step further and ten- dering a naval port on similar terms for the use of the German fleet. We have also been told that France is giving Russia like facilities at Saigon in Cochin China, and is ceding to that Power the port oi Obok in the Rod Sea aud the island oi' Kohsamit in the Guli of Siam, both for use as coaling stations. The reported action of Franco becomes all the moro menacing from the fact that in that which con- cerns a Russian station in tho Me- diterranean it is in contravention oi the provisions of the Treaty of Paris. There aro two ways in which thi* threatening naval rapprochement of Frunce and Russia is to be regarded. It cannot bo denied that it is in form and substance* a direct menace to England ou one bide and to Italy on the other. The establishment of a great combined Franco-Russian navai Power in the Mediterranean constitutes a threat both to Italy and England, and to interests which both hold it necessary for them to guard. It probably is intended ns preliminary to a reopening of tho Eastern question ; primarily as ro spects Egypt, and secondarily as respect* the Black Sea and tho Dardanelles. This is indeed brought very near hy the action of France and Russia in disregard ol' the Treaty of Paris, while still appealing to that Treaty to exclude from the Black Sea warships built at Hamburg for the Roumanian Govern- ment. This recrudescence of the Enstorn question is then t{> be anticipated nt or. early date, and if tho policy of Prince BISMARCK of striot abstention from all questions in the Balkan Peninsula is still to prevail at Berlin, it may perhaps bo inferred that the upholding the ttattu quo would devolve wholly upon England and Italy. The other aspect of this menacing matter is involved m the question whether it is possible for any Power or any combination of Pom ors to permanently succeed in the policy of shut- ting off the vast and ever strengthening Empire of Russia from that foothold upon the open sea to which she ceaselessly and natumllv aspires So far as precaution against Bussian aggression is directed to the protection of the interests of the re- sisting nations, it is upon safe ground, but m so far as this policy of resistance is directed to re stucting and hindering the natural development of the \ astest and most rapidly-growing Power of the Old World it looks like a fighting against the nature of things, and will always be liable to such countei -movements as this which is now exciting so much, attention and i uneasiness I VICE-RFOA- NEWS -Ycstordav his Excellency the Governor, nith Lady Duff, and accompanied by Mr G llton, private secretary, were interested spectators of tho Eight hour procession which sturtod from the vicinity of tho Colonial Secretary B office His Lxccllenoy was to have gone aboard H M S Orlando in the afternoon to proceed to Jervis Bay, but the departure was postponed until thia morning However, his Exoellenoy wont aboard last night to be in readiness for the depar- ture Ho was accompanied by Captain Baud, ADO PAiiixAitENTA&T; BUSINESS-The bunine»» to come before the Legislativo Assembly to-night embraces the second reading of the Publio Debts and Sinking Fund Bill, when the Premier will make what will virtually bo a financial statement Most of the Ministers wero out of town yesterday, but from what could be gathered from those who wroseen there is great satisfaction at tbo prospect of the now loan being easily floated No addi- tional official telegram» bad come to hand at a late hour last night It is expeoted that to-night a long disoussion will take place in the Assembly on financial mutters , and alter that, ii there is time, the Premier will move thi t the elector-t roport be approved MILITAIIT MOVEMENTS -Major Airey, D S O , who is ibout to Io-iTo for India to be ussooiated, temporarily, with the Horse Artillery Field Battory at Moerut, will probably start during the week following the closo of the forthcoming military tournament The date of his departure has, however, not yot been definitely fixed Whether he will be aocompamed by Lieutenant» Antill and Hilliard, of the Mounted Rifles, remains at present in doubt, authority not having, so far, been received from the Government of India for thom to serve, as is desired by the authorities bore, with Indian infantry and artillery regiments AMONGST THE ORCHARDS.—The downpour of Sunday and the threatening appearances of the weather yesterday morning did not prevent a large number of students of the agricultural classes, Technical College, from meeting their instructor for a day amongst the orchards. The party went by rail to Carlingford, where at the orchard of Mr. Grimdon, they had opportunity for seeing how the trees they had pruned for fruit during the winter were starting into growth for the fruit-bearing season. The intention was to havo done anv summer pruning that might bave been necessary, but the land was too w et to do more than havo a demonstration of apricot pruning to make that fruit do its bost, un l to examine the vineyard and the stono fruits all of wluoh have sturted splendidly for a satisfactory son son After lunch tho nuo orchard of Mr Wooster was visited VisiTons TO THE DEMOVSTEATIOV -The various intercolonial and oountry representatives ot labour organisations at yesterday's Light hour domonstiation wero entertained at a dinner by tho committee at tho Royal Hydo Pirk Hotel lust evening Mr Frank Brcnuan, chairman of the committee, presided WADES op MAILTÍE E\an«_Ens -In regard to the unsettled eta o of affairs between the steamship ownors and the marino engineers, it now transpires that tho three years' agreement between the two bodies, winch terminated by ofnuxion of timo on Saturday, has been extendod bj the steamship owners for a fortnight in order to give tbo engineers sulHoicut time to complete thoir ballot on tho question of the accep- tance or othcrwi o of the offer to renew the agreement at 15 per cent reduotion in wages The engineers aro desirous to obtain the opinion of tho whole of the members of the institution and with this object in view the ballot will remain open until the whole of the inter- colonial steamers havo touched at a port where the mon can record their vote« The result will be known, it is thought, within a wook, and the gonornl feeling is that tho tormB offored by the owuLrs will be accepted Tns C_\TttAti Cm_iNA_ COÜBT -Mr Justice FoBtcr went to Duilinghurst yesterday morning and, after formally opening tho Criminal Court, adjourned the oases till 10 o'clock this morning MB SHEIUFF COWTEE -On Saturday lost the employees of the Sheriff s Department presented the Sheriff Mr Churlos Cowper, with a portrait of himself drawn in crayons, and opportunity ivas taken of the day being the anniversary of Mr Cowper s birthday to invite him to a piorno down the harbour The boat was made fast at Flat Rock in Middlo H irbour, and aftor lunoheon the Undcr-Shcnff made the presentation and proposed the hoalth of the Sheriff Mr Cow per responded A pleasant outing was spent GOBDO:? Pins PICMO Gnoiraia -Yesterday Mr J P Cullen, M L A , opened a now pleasure report adjoining Gordon railway station, ou the Milson's Point line, winch has been designated by tho proprietor (Mr F M'Intosh) the Gordon Park Fieme Grounds The situation is picturesque, being as undulating well-grassed paddock next tho railway station, but the other arrangements wero of rather a primitive natnro They consisted of a large marque», inside of which a dancing floor had been laid upon trunks of treas, and hera a fow couples wero indulging in dancing to the »trains of music discoursed by the Pymble string band Ne ir by refreshments in the form of cakes, paitrj, und tea wero dispensed About 2 30 p m Mr J G Edwardes introduced Mr Cullen, and tho latter delivered a short speooh, in which ho dwelt upon the necessity for both mental and physic ii exorcise, and ho said ho con- sidered thom equally important He commendod Mr M lntosh tor his enterprise, and dwelt upon the tin taral facilities which tho grounds and situa- tion olfeiod for healthy recreation Mr Cullen ul»o touched upon tho completion and opcniue of tho rulwny extension, and said that until then Gordon had been looked upon a6 rather fur from tho city, but the opening of the line had been a revelation to the people of Sydney, and ho could safolj prophecy that there would be a great rush of settlement uloi/g the routoof the line us the beauties of tbo district became moro widely known and appreciate 1 Subscquf ntlv a wool-chopping contest took plaee in tho grounds Uioro -nero four competitor! und the result wai Ijdward Porter won, with A Ma?lmg second the othor cntr es boing G Jone and A Jones Tho eircum terence of tho largest trunk was 3ft Bin , and that ot tho smallest was 3ft 5in The conditions weie two logs off ench tiunk and the feat » as poriormed by the winner in 4 minutes 45 seconds E\ritA POLICE FOE HtmsrviLLE -The Mavor of Hurstville, at the lust íuoMing of the local council, pointed out ti o urgent uecei-stty that existed for extra polii o protection for that suhuib Tho municipality covcis an aroa of 12 square miles and lhere aro only two police officers in tile district-ono at Peakhurst und one at Hurst» illo It was decido i to roquent the Inspo-tor-Gonoral ol Police to appoint an extra offioet A MUSICAL SERVICE -In the Unitarian Church Hyde Park, on Smidnv ovuinng, under the direction ot Mr H A Jaques, organist of the chureh, a musical soruoe AUS gunn Miss E Thomas sang " When I Think upm Thy Good- ness" (Huviln), anl Mr T llunfo-d "Tho Holy City" (Adams) and "Thus Goos tho World Around" (llnrlwull), Mr Edgar Straus played a "Bovene" (Batta), and joined with Mr Juques in a melodious Duo for 'collo and organ Mr H A Jaques, in addition to fur- nishing organ accompaniments to tho various solos, played selections from Mendelssohn, Wag- ner, Grisou, and Gnuud Tho Rev G Walters j.aNo a bnof address ou " Iho Goodness of God " A EL- AWAI - V boy named AValtoi Simmontn, 12 j ears of ago, residing at Parramutta-road, Petersham, was thrown out of a cart in Custle reugh-stroet jestorday, owing to tho horso havinir bolted and brought tho vehicle into collision w ith a lamp post Tho boy was taken to tho Sydniy Hospital, wb«ro ho w as found to have suffered an uuurv to tho left eye, and also concussion m a «light degree. The lad waa placed ia one of th» wards. SUDDE» DEATH OF AW INTAKT-A child named Kathleen Hanley, five weeks and four days old, died suddenly at its parents' residence. Gore HL11, on Sunday evening. The infant appeared to be in (rood health until Sunday, when it was taken ill, and Dr. Borke having been con- ' suited proscribed for it. Its condition did not im* prove, aud it died as stated. SAD FATALITY AT NORTH SHORE.-An accident, by which a boy named Victor Kennelly, 7 years of age, lost his life, happened yesterday on the Milson's Point to Hornsby line. It appears that the lad and his brother Augustus, aged 12, and a boy named James Coleman, 11, had been out for the day, and were returning along the railway line, when between Turra Murra and Pymble station the 3.15 p.m. train from Hornsby Junction ran over the smallest boy. The head was severed completely from the body and one hand was cut off. The driver of the train, Donald Crawford, did not seem to be aware of the occurrence, as he said nothing about the matter to Mr. Jowett, the stationmaster at Pymble. Mr. Jowett, upon being informed that an accident had occurred, proceeded to the spot and collected the remains. In answer to questions, the elder brother said he resided with his mother, a widow, at 28 Nicholson-street, Woolloomooloo, and that he and Coleman were walking beside the track, while the younger brother was between the metais. The unfortunate little fellow called to his brother, who turned just in time to see deceased stumble and fall. Noticing the approaching train, the elder boy ran to his brother's assistance, but the train being close upon him, he was unable to render any help. Augustus Konnelly says he neither heard a whistle nor the noise of the approaching train until his brother's cry attracted his attention. The place where the sad affair took place is a curve. It appears that the eldest brother, aged 19, waa up the line, and arrived by the train following that in which the body was brought to Milson's Point. A STEKKT ACCIDENT.-Last niçht a man whosa name is unknown was orossing George- street, near the railway Btation, and in getting out of the way of a 'bus ho ran underneath s cab, and waa knocked down. The cabman pulled up, lifted the man into bis oab, and then informed Constabla Blackburn of what had taken place. The officer accompanied tho injured man to the hospital. Ha presented symptoms of severe conuussion of tha brain. SCENE nr SUSSES-STREET.-A disgraceful »eena waa witnessed in Sussex-street yesterday after» noon, when a number of youths who had been holiday-making during the day gave free vent to their spirits, and, when remonstrated with by . - constable, at once assailed that officer. The party, which numbered nine or ten, had been driving along Sussex-street in a cart in a most boisterous fashion. Constable Edge saw them, and, when they wero near Liverpoo!«stroet, with dirjioulty seized the horse's hoad. Some of tha oocupauts of the vehicle at once commenced an attack upon him. Thoy assaulted him wita such missiles as thuy could place their hands upon, and, on getting out of the cart, kicked him. A civilian, seeing what was going on, telephoned to the Central Polioe Station, whence assistance was promptly despatched. Sergeant Mitchell and six other mon started off as expeditiously as possible. Thoy speedily released their comrade and arrested four of the youths, the remainder ot whom managed to get away in the cart. Those who were apprehended wero handcuffed and taken to the Central Police Station. Constable Edge, who suffered a lacerated wound on the head, besides various bruises, had to attend the Sydney Hospital for treatment. THE ALLEGE» SKULL or SornocLES -Amongst tho treasure-trovo whioh has como to light lately as the result of Hellemo excavation, none ha» been more enthusiastically heralded thuu that which was discovered the other day ut Decoleia-namely, the crumum of Sophoeles Already (says th» lancet) it has been sought to throw a dampor on the delight of tho dibcovcrcra by suggesting doubt» as to ita authenticity-uud certainly tlu Greek record as to Buch 'salvago from antiquity," whether it be a oom or a manuscript, a tomb or a cranium, is not so invariably unsullied s* to ubsolvo the fiuucr from tho must stringent prools ot bona fides Controversy round tim latest prize of arohinology has waxed to warm, indeed, that an arbiter bus had to bo constituted an arbiter who to classical learning adds the scarcely less appropriate qualification of anato- mical und pahcontological knowledge Professor Virchow, ot Berlin, is tile authority to whom the contending < amps havo consented to apposl, and by his judgment, reinforced as it will doubt- less bo by that of tho aroha-ologiBte and mon of seionco with whom Germany abounds, the question will, provisionally at lea»tr. ba settled Wo await Professor Virchow'« décision with unusual interest, and on grounds which every student of the connection between genius and or- ganisation will readily appreciate Probably n» uramatio poet who over lived possessed faculties which were so splendid in thoir proportion and so symmetrically balanced Will th» cr inium just unearthed of the writer of Anttgtiit illustrate, so far as cranial structure can eliusttuto, the symmetry of tho mmd whose cerebral sub« stratum it enclosed ? Or »re we to experience yet uuothor disappointment m finding that genius of tbo most portuot order din enshrine itself in a comparatively narrow and poorly-adjusted tene- ment f Av AEOTIC BiBnornio -An impressive cere-ion/ recently took place at Winnipeg, when the Rev. J Newnham was consecrated Bishop of Moosonee, the most northerly Anglican dtocese in America, und the largest diocese in Canada It extend» (says the Fall Mall Oa.ette) over tho whole coastof Hudson's Buy and the inland country for about oOO miles on the south-east and west sides, and, as there is praotically n» other Church organisation, some of the 12 clergy have in thoir constant visiting tours to cover 1500 and 20u0 miles Of their flock» only a small number, the employees of the Hudson's Bay Company, aro whites, the rest, who number about 10,000, ara hulf-oustes, Eskimos, Ojibbenays, Croea, and Cluppovvays The appointmout lies with th» Church Missionary Suuicty, and Bishop Newnham will bo encouraged by the memory ot the faithful labours of his predecessor in the see, Bishop Horden who mado the beg numg of a Christian literature in tho local dialect of the four native languages Tut EAETH'S RnVTHMICAL Bl__TH_.0 - Writing on tho above subject, tho Paris corre- spondent of the Weekly Dupatch Bays -We all know that thero aro ocean tides, spring and neap, and that they are duo to the positions of the sun uud moon relatively to tho earth " Suo full of the moou " Btnkmgly aliecta the sea It did not occur to us to think whotlior it also affected th* utm sphero and earth itself AU that was noticed about it, apart train its munno influence, was that persons ot unstruug nerves underwent cr_e» at tne full of tho moon Then so-called scientific men laughed st this belief, as being in the nature of old wives' fables But being loundod ou observation it was nothing of the sort, jl BouquotdelttGrye, tho eminent bydrographical engineer,has aftorlongjeaisofpatientstudy,cal- culated tho atmospheric expansions and depress on» whiuh coincide with spnug and neap tides There hav o been cases in wh oh air w as moved in wave« ol Hi yards high, and, in places where the bare« motnc ni pressure was sevon-iouths of an inch, of sit aud a half miles lNear the upper surfaoe of tho earth's atmosphero condensations and dilata- tions of this magnitude aro frequent Tho human non ous sv stem uni} bo said to register theso air , waves We aro only mvnre they do so by the discomfort which wo fool Tho earth also légiste« them, and to ita v ry centre lho lncindesctntand fluid matter under tho earth's crust acts in conoort withtheuiraiidscaut thoful! of the moou In 1889 ii German scientist Dr Rebeur Puchvv iu thought ho noticed at Wilhelinshaven and Potsdam earth ,' oscillations corresponding with the course of the moon Ho wrote to tile Observatory of lenenffe asking for obsci votions to bo mado thero in Decomb«r, 1890, and April, 1801, which would bo i propitious timos forthcin 1 rom theso observa- tion nud others simultaneously mado in tho sandy plains round Berlin it was established that the eurth rises and falls like the ocean and the atmosphere Tho movements, common to thoa all, may bo likened to that of the ohest i. breathing MONKEYS wnion STAKE POTTERY AVD WD_ An oxtiaordiuary story is told by tho Daily Aft vv Inch states that Dr Macgowuu has returned Tient sin bringing with lum, among other oi ous discoveries, some particulars of a roof j Mttnohurian monkoys inhabiting the moira region of tho Great Wall of Ohma Thoy1 «aid to know how to make pottery , moro ren able »till, thoy are represented as having * ottraordiuary progress in tho art of ma)tag¡1' A recent edition of the official history of Tut »tates that lately a large body of immigrating mon- keys passed a certain village in crossing from one mountain to another The boys of the village elapped their hands and shouted at tho spcctaclo, and the monkeys, being frightened, fled, taking their young in their arms, but dropping in thoir flight a number of earthen vessels, Borne of which would hold a quart On opomng these, the villagers found thoy contained two kinds of wine, a pink and a green, that had been made from mountain bernes It is afSrmod that tho monkeys tjtore this liquor for use in the winter when tho water is all frozen Dr Mai gowan cites other independent testimonies to similar taots, including a Chineso account of monkeys in Chekiong who pouud fruit in stone mortars to make into wine, and he asks, ' Is it likely that all those statement» aro puru inventions ? " A LOVDON ConoNEii's STAHTLINQ STATE jtEVT -At an inquest recently held on a body of an infant threo months old, the ohild of a labourer, whioh had boen suffocated, tho coroner, Dr Dan ford Thomas, satd that ho held over 300 inquests yearly on children found suffocated in bod with their parents, and that m London alone over 1000 children wero suffaoated yearly Ho found that many of tho cases wore due to the mothers falling to sleep With the infant If pcoplo could only bo got to believe it, infants would bo botter placed to sleep in cot» instead of being put in bed with tho parents , besides which, thoy would not run the many risks of getting suffocated Bwnsn CENSUS FIOUKLS AB TO MATBIMOVT - Upon this subjoct the London Morning Advertuer says - " There are nearly nine million» of unmarried female», while there aro not quito five millions who have entered upon the state of holy matrimony It is most noticeable that very few men marry very young, that ia to »ay, beforo the age of 2o, in these days The middle classes can- not afford it, for beforo flvo-ond-twonty a young doctor has very fen patient» and a young hamster has very few briefs Other professions are m the »arno position. It ia between fivo-and-twonty and fivo-and-forty that most men many, if they marry at all, for if a man has not taken unto himself a helpmato by that tune his friends at the club ure apt to consider him as a confirmod old bachelor, w ho will hardly be cap- tured by oven the most attract« e of widow» The tendenoy among tho muidlo classes ha» certainly been for mon to marry rather later than they did formerly It is tho working elassos which are most inclined to early marriages, while the averuge middle class person is perhaps more prone to toko thought for tho future, und docs not marry until ho SCCB his way to support and educate a family in a comfortable way The ligaros before us »how that thoso juvenile matches under 20 years of age, of whioh our foro f»thors were fond, are no longer common in this country Princes and princesses, it is true, still continuo to marry very young as a rule, and it i» by no means rare to find n royal grandmother almost as youthful looking as the Princess of Wales, who was niarned ut l8 But as rent and rates and tuxes increaso, while salaries and in- comes among middle class people have not shown a like advance, the young idea cannot be expected to commit matrimony at quite suoh an early ago as his father before him Ho may for some yoirs of hiB struggling career bo tempted to adopt tho historio advir-o of Mr Punch undor similar circum- stances-' Don t ' " RESULT OF A PIUCTICAI, ILLUSTEATIOV -A French soldior m ouo of tho African regiments was recently bomg tried for assaulting a corporal dur- ing a gymnastic lesson Ou tho presiding officer asking him to show tbo Court what he had done, he rapidly made his leather belt and buckle into a ball and hurlod them at tho colonel's head Tho Court held a special consultation on the " inci- dent," and sentenced tho man to death. AT the î.ational Art Gallery of New South Wales the attendance of visitors in September on 21 week day« was 10 HO, average 48J per day on four Sun- da;,» 7021, average 1031 lotal on 25 days 18,064, asogainst 17,771 during 30 days in bontembor, 1892 The Gallery was closed for ono week during ro patnting THE Sydney Hospital report for the week ended 30th bopteinber is as follows -Admitted, 60, dis- charged, C6 diod 3 remaining, 231, casualties __.tod, but nat admitted, 793. 