BRITISH AND FOREIGN ITEMS If BOM OUB EX0HAKQI8.1 . London, February 9. Tbe visible sopply of wheat to-day for Great Britain amount to 106,600,000 boahele. Sir Baa! Samuel, Agent-Ganerel for New Booth Wales, bu appvioted Mr Valentin?, a bultrr expert. In ro -nri on the beat means to adopt for the prnp -r grading of New Smith Wa!o< butter, aud on the industry Itself. The oholera epidiauiio fa Marseilles fa dyiog ont. At the wool ealra to-day there wu fair competition, the rates remaining un changed. Bradford tope ere hardening, oroeenrede being eligbtiy higher, Merinos remaining unaltered. A fleet of Norwegian fishing smacks have been wreoked off the coast, 123 fisherman being drowned. Tha Canadian Government have agreed to withdraw thair objections to the ratifi- oatlon of the Bond Blaine treaty, provldiog for rw iprnoity between the United States - and Newfoundland, if tho Dominion failed to oonolude a reoiprooity treaty with tho Uoited States by Aoguet. February 10. " Tha Daily Telegraph " tbie morning uya it Ie believed in offiolat droits that Lord Kintore, Governor of 8ouih Australia, will aliortly reaiga and return home. Tbe bill to repeal the Silver Purchase Bill ha been blooked fa tbe United Btatee House of Representatives. Mr L. J. Jxnninga, Conservative member for 8tookport, died laat night, aged 66 yeers. The death is announood of Major- Goneral Sir Thomas Durand Baker. The tin market fa rather q'nlct, 8traite . for delivery in three month, being quoted on Thursday at £92 10a. M. do Biowi'B, tbe Paris correspondent of "The Timee," deolaree thatthe sentences paeetd on the de Leeeep end Fontaine are ' creel, and he oontends that it wu never shown that they were setoatod by pt-reonat interests. Th judge, ha declares, " played to tbe galloiy " fa recording each oentenou It I probable that Ferdinand de Lessons will be pardoned. The Halifax election, oaoeed by tbe death of the fate member, Mr Thoe Shaw, Liberal, took place yesterday, tha candi date being Mr B. Shaw, Liberal— son of th late memher— Mr Alfred Arnold, Oon- »rv«tive, aod Mr Lester, Labor candidate. Tbe polling resulted in the return of Mr Shaw who secured a vioiory over Mr Arnold of 368, and over Mr Lester of 1689 vote. In speaking to hie amendment, Mr Red mond demanded the release of fourteen dynamiters, on tbe grounds that thay were political offender, whose convietioni ware dahioue, -ted who. if they were gnilty, bad already been suffici-ratly paniahed. Mr Asqneth, in bis reply, stated that tha ter rible end reoklesa metho le adopted by the dynamiters placed them without the pale of political prisoners, end 'he Government, h said, mnet at all rieka refuse ell indul gence to each prisoner. Mr A. J. Balfour. ez-Secretaiy for Ireland, supported Mr Aaqueth, end highly commended tbe oonrege displays! by the Government in tbfa matter. Viotori in 3) par osnt atooka arc qnotad at £89 5», and January 4 per oents at £100 16s. Sbarea fa the English, Scottish, and Australian 0 bartered Bank aroqnotod at £16. Barker Bros are charged with having obtained £600,000 by mama ot.eiroalatin a false pamphlet, stating that their bank waa on a solid baeia when it waa aotnally insolvent. A terrible fatality has ocoorred at Dover New Hampabire, United State. Tbe lunatio asylum at Dover wae burned to the ground, and forty f-.ur of the inmates were burned to death. February 11. Heavy storms are again raging fa the Atlsntio, and twelve perrons, inofading Gapt-ifa Allen, of the liner Pomeranian, have bun washed overboard an'd'drdwned. Shares fa tbe Engii-b. Scottish and Aa-trali«n Chartered Bank were to-day qanted at £16 Sir J. D Thompson Premier of Canada, last evening promised the Dominion Parlia ment that he would aak the H"nse to vote a grant to astd-t fa relieving th dfalreae canned by the flood fa Queenaland if the detailed reports of the disaster showed such action to he necewarv. The oholeraio epidemie at Maiaeille is nbaiding. and .he port officers ere giving vessels leaving that barbur a oleau bill of health. Parcels of Australian wheat, to. be landed during Febrnary-Marcb, ere aelling at Slat par quarter. The etook of Canadian and Nov 8aotiaa apple fa short, and the prospects of a moderate quantity of fine Tumanhn apples, to be landed fa London about the end of Apti1, are good. Professor Waiiach read a paper yea tarday at the Colonial Institute, on " Australasian Agriculture" He predict! that Australian crossbred sheep will aeon be equally suitable to the Eeropean maiket as th New Zealand mutton. The limit of tbe4mrioan faareaee fa beef production, Professor Waiiach thinks, fa not within the range of preunt vision, de considers that the colonial gru prodoeed butter will soon eurptu tha haet Danish article. Ktlkoara (NZ.) choioe factory mad bntter.ia quoted. at lOOi to 104a per owt, and dairy made at 90s per owt. February 12 All of the directors in the Panama Cao'al Ompaoy have, appealed against tha sen tences passed on them. The Ptria n"we- papera protest against the iofliotion of the maximum penalty on Ooont da Leeeape, author ot the aensms, who is now quite imbecile, and nnoonenion of tbe meaning of the eante'noe passed on bim. He fa now fa a state of ooma, and fa quite ignorant of tbe eeotance passed on him. Mr W. P. Morgan bu withdrawn hi amendment to tbo Addrru-in-Roply, nrglog tho neoea-ity for tbe appointm-ut of a Minister of Mines, Sir W. V. Har- oourt. Ohanoellor nf the Xzofaequer,' promising to oonrider tbe sugffastion. Tb eprooh delivered by Mr -'Aoqueth Home Beorotary, in reply to Mr Redmond's demand for tbo release of the dyosini'ara, hu bitterly exujrarefad the Pernellits members. A scene of groat excitement ooonrred fa the Hoaao of O-immooe laat earning, Mr Gladstone resenting. jesting alleiton to. hia in'oroaaing age. ma le by Mr A. J. Bal four, the latt w apologising on Mr Gladstone ree-nling the remark. Mr J. Lowther last evening moved hi amendment in favor of restricting the immigration to England of destitute alien end, after dhnaeaion, tbe amendment wa" rotated hv 106 voti-e. The Aadrtu fa-Reply wee test night voted, end tbe Hume Rale Bill will pro hebly be fatrodaesd by Mr Gladstone on Monday. The North Wales Liberal members have formally threatened to uoede from the Government nnleu tbe bill for tho die- eate'disbment of tbe Welsh Oharah Is ported forward. Toe Khedive hu returned to Oiiiro from hie ooontry -trip, end every thlog fa now qniet. ' ... A British man-of-war hu quelled tbe Somalia ontbreak at Kiatnarga, 40 of th rebels beiug killed whilst attempting to aeaaaefaato in Briti-h R»ai-1nt. 