VILLAGE SETTLEMENT SCHEME, TJ THE EDITOR. Sra,-Having read in your issue of the 4th inst. that the " hon. Mr and Mrs Henry Dobson are, with others in Hobart, pressing forward the village settlement scheme," I ediressed myself to that gentleman, asking him whether the splendid land contained in the Florentine Valley had been suggested to him as suitable for the purpose, mentioning at the same time if the proper class of settlers were chosen that a crop was already on the land waiting labour to put it into market, and intimating that the Govern ment could arrange to purchase the splendid supply of timber for use or ex port, and so furnish the settlers with an immediate means of living. Mr Dobson promptly responded to my communication, and as I deem his views worthy of respect and consideration I append them, wishing you will find room for them in your columns. I am sure that German or Danish immigrants would do well on the land, for they have sufi:ient philosophy to be content to live c.m'ostably, " and will o- - ----_:?,=,_m~ not refuse a comfortable provision because they cannot see a sure fortune in a few years." But while we have so many hundreds of unemployed in our own colony I do not think it would be wise to entertain the idea of importing labour to open up our lands. Many of your readers will read Mr Dobson's letter with interest, and perhaps take some of his well thought out econo mies as a basis of action which will lead to practical results. Mr Dobson'? letter reads as follows .. S sla,--Many thanks for yours of 4bh inst. I have gone fully iuto the question of settling men on the Florentine Valley land (12,000 acres of first-class and 6000 acres of second-class land) with the surveyor for the district, Zr kvans of Bronte, and others who know the country, but some people think the land is too far off, viz., 37 miles from Glenora railway station. I think the Government should vote £3000 for a road to it, for 20 miles a road is partly madeand then with the 10s an acre for every acre sold we should have a large fund, and road making and land settlement should go on side by side. By this means you would get your road constructed, and could put 60 or 70 families on the road. For first year the men would work six or seven months on road, rest on their land; second year, four months on road and eight on land; for third year they might get two or ohree months' work on roads at 43 a day or pi.ce work, and by that time they ought to be able to make a do of it. The 50 should be picked men, i e., be at least sober, with a clean record, and willing to try a bush life. The overseer should know how to direct the rfad work and the farm work, and live on the settlement for a year or two, and he would soon see how each man worked, both on road and on farm, and if he saw that the man was going to be a failure he would get rid of him and got up another man. The Gjvernment is now spending £1500 on one road and i£1000 on another Oyster Cove to Port Cygnet and at Ux bridge-and in each place they might have permanently settled men on laud, and had some settlement and increased production to show for their money besides the road. Now every man at work, when the £2500 is spent, will came to town and agitate for more work to be found. Suppose we had adopted this system with only £100,000 of the million of money spent cn roads. What different results y4e should have had. Men must learn to live off the land. It has to be done, and the problem must be faced. How would it do to put 25C Danish or German families on the land at Florentine Valley P They would all do well if we could get them here. The Government are almost inviting failure for the ladies' scheme before it Sstarts by not continuing road-making with it. No setthm rnt can live through the first two years unless it has some work outside, or the timber or some other industry to fall back on.-Yours, etc., HErNy DOBsoN, Hobart, September 7. Yours, etc., ALFRED FIELD. i Sept. 10. 