FOREIGN TELEGRAMS. London, April 5. Mr. Gladstone'tí eyes ace to be operated on fur cataract next June. Scott, alias Sweeney, tho missing wit- ness in the Ardhmout mystery, h\s surrendered to the police. The annual meeting of shareholders of tho Bank of Aust»alas'a was held tp day. The Chairman, in moving the adoption of the rep ¿rt and balance sheet,, dwelt upon the «xi laonjinary Vitality add soundness of Ana ra'iiap cojipmoic^jmiL the complete eucotiss which had attended tho reconstruction of the saspeadod banks. The Freneh Anarchist Meunier was arrested at Victoria station when be was on the point of s arting for Antwerp. He maiîe a desperate resistance, bat was secured. At a riot at simo coke warks at Pennyslvauia, the o her diy, the SuerififV forces fired on t'io rioters and killed seventeen of them. LATÍS. Fifteen hundred s rikers are baseiging. Frick and Maclu o's coko works ia Pennyslvauia. They have killed Mr. Paddock, the mander of the works, and have barned bis bo ly io the coke ovens. London, April 6. The President nud the Secretary of the Miners' Asaochtton of Pennsylvania have baen arrested f >r ttie murler of Mr. Paddock, tho manager ef .Frick aaa Macluro's coke woiks. London, April 5. . Tho bomb which was exploded at tho Gafé Foyet, Paris, yesterday, is believe I io havo been intended for the S mate. The persons who were in tbe Oafè at the time sud were injured included the Anarchist ' poet Máillaide. London, April 6. Forty' arrest* have bun mad* in Paris in cowection with tho explosion at the Oafè Foyot. Tbe examination of the dir oe ors of the New Zealand ' Lean and Mercantile Agency Company was resumed yesterlay} before Mr. Justice Williams. The examinatioi of Mr. Lack j worthy,. formerly managing, .direei tor for the Company in Loudmj was continued. He said that he re-' ported te the '-Board further dttfositsj amounting t> £90,000, beside* those already mentioned. He also rep>i ted. that the Reserve Fond was exhausted. The Board, ho «rever, took no notice of theso statements. Continuing, Mr. Lark worthy deposed thát losses to the a minot of £548,000 appear >d in UM bal mee sheet as an assat. The statement of the profit* for the year 1889, included imereat on that sum, although no interest h td been paid. Only Mr. Maudella supported Mr. Larkworthy's proposal to employ an independent inspect >r in the eilouie*. with power to report direct to the Loudon Board of directors. LATER. ?I lia.' the coarse of hts examination Mr. Larkwortby describad certain statements; made by Mr. Shiels in bis speech at a meeting of ehareh dders in London as; grossly antros. Mr. Shiels was a friend; of Mr. David Elder, the general manager ! in Australia for th Company. In,reply: to a questioa by Air. Ju*tiee William«,! Mr. Larkworthy adVni.tei that had Mr. ! Shiels known the trae facts he would net; have spoken ashèdîd. He (Mr.Lark-; worthy) admitted . that he confirmed ? :the statements mida in Mr. Sh'els' speech. He dui not consider it hist duty to rt>m n rite. He al-b acquiesced iu the balauce sheet presented at the same meeting, believing that tbe reserves would cover tile Mel- bourne doficit of £480,000, which had u t then buen revealed to the shareholders. The counsel appearing fer the liquidator complained of the hesitancy aud the apparent fi)nretf¡iluees displayed by the« witness. The Judge also urged him to disp'ay perfect candour. ? london, April 5. Sir Saul Samu'l, Ageut-Geoeral for New' Sooth Walis, U enquiring .from the Paraguayan Consol iajboadonaatothe wishes and. the condition of tile New Australian colonista, in Paraguay. ,XiOadpn, April 5. There is no indication that Sir Thomas Mcilwraith has achieved any success in regard to .hie mission for socoring the construction of railways on the laud grant system in Queensland. The oom- ; pany promoters require a guarantee of ; tho payment '.oJ,a snail dividend during. | the progress pt the werie They also hesitate to incur tlie'éoíé o'í lae formation ] of companies without adequate assurance that it wil.1 be recouped. . Fifteen officers have boen dismissed s, from the German army for gambling. Aa enquiry is to bs held into the affair, and it Í4 probable that there will be far tber dismissals. There ls but little business doing la Bradford tops. Kauri gum is lu moderate demand and the market is quiet. The keary stocks on hand prevent an improvement in prices. Fine pale amber is quoted at 117s., three quarter scraped, 6 7s. to 74e.,nûd pickings, about 32s. The hemp market ia quiet. 470 .hales of New Zealand hemp, fair to good quality, have sold at £14 10s. .= to £1610s. Silver is quoted at twenty-eight and three-sixteeuthi pence per oz. Victorian frozen mutton i* selliag at 3^d. per lb. I A «argo of frozen mutton from New Zealand ha* arrived in good condition;. . Broken Hill Proprietary Company's ' shares sro quoted at 48s. 9d The butter market is depressed. The Australian butter by the s.s. BtwWne has sold, factory at hum 94s. to 98s. 'per «wt., and a few fancy lot« at over 100a. There is no change in th* price > of ' Danish butter. The Earl of Jersey, late Governor of New South Wale«, intends to raise" a discussion in the House of Lord* on the Costa Rica Paded case. Loudon, April 6. The agent at Buenos Ayre* of the ParagQay Central Railway, writing on March 9th, reports that the 80 seceders from th* New Austtalia settlement have gone to Gonzales Cd my, aad that they are -qu'te eatiifwd th ire. He also states that New Australia is flourishing. For tie second time since'the retire- ment of Mr. Gladstone, the Government have been defeated tn Uhe House pf Oeintcons. La«t n*ght the Bait .London Water Bill pissed tns second redoing by a majority of one, in spite of tho opposi- tion of the ßovernmeut. .viThe absteutioB ot the Parnsllit* and Héályite members fruin voting is seriously weakening the Government. "This ls e«p jí!ially the'raie ia regard to she debate «rn the met on for relegating Seoteh buYicoäB in the Hongs of Com mons to a Grand'Committee. ( Sir Thomas Mcilwraith hai delivered au »ut»re«tltig and important address to thost members ot' the House of Com» mons who cal themselves the Colonial party. In the course of his remarks. Sir "Thomas said th*t in his opinion New Guinea was the best fiild for recruiting for black labour to ca-ry on the work of the sugar plautitiona and* other tropical industri s ia Queensland. He urged (that the Governments of tho. varióos colonies should Ve c n-mlted before the appointment of Governors, who, 'for*» ¡period of years, preside! over the destinies of the di&Vreiit; provinces. "He igave.as his opinion that any desire .for Ahe separation of Queensland^fróní Eng laud was pQ* virtually extinct. fie considered that the Imperial hovera» .m<>nt ought to encourage immigration to ihe colonies. A ^fierce conflic^háá "occurred io*&s; Oklohama Territory, United.^tates " or America; between Indians and cowboys. .Many were killed on bath sides. A Select Committee of the House of Commons has been appointed to enquire Int1) and report on the operation of the Irish Land Acts. The Committee oom sUts of the Irish Secretary (Mr. Morley), Mr. Hetfy (H.R.). Mr. Carson, Q;G. (C.), Mr. Sexton (H.B.), Mr. Wharton (C:), Mr. Dillon (H R.), Mr, T. W, Russell (L U.), and Mr. Knex (H.R.) ' The American House of Representa* tives has passed a'bill adopting the award ot the arbitrators appointed to decide tho dispute over the 'Behring. Sea seal fisheries. The House of Commons has read a similar measure a second time. A receiving order hu. been granted in the estate of Slevin, the Australian prise fighter. The liabilities are set down «! £700. . . ). v The élection of a memW to represent Mid-Lanarkhire in the Honés bf gom- mons has resulted in jflié.^tárn ôrlïr. Caldwell (H.R.) by a majority of 330 rotes. At the general election in1892, tiie late, member, T*tây§*.ïïao4fam* Ruler, wee returned by : a rmajority of ; 122. .'? ? ; . I '-1. ? ; Several of ^the Portuguese tate-of.^ jhjwo ^oon^yed .a . ^^^^^^ , . . ? - i \ ? . , , r ', -v ^ ^vernoient of Brazil to Argentina, but ii /consequence of the insanitary conditio; of tbe vessels the Argentine Gwernmea bas refused to allow the rebels to land insisting that they most either first con form to the quarantine regulations o otherwise the vessels must leave th harbour. Scott, the missing witness in the Ari lamont shooting case, and whe recentl; «urreodereà to the police, bas not beet detained. \- '^ThJe^s ^s'considerable discontent amooji .the l^ptünghanishire minera. Meeting! haye, Wa held at which violent speech*: hslrebeea delivered, threatening that th men will'go ont on strike. The firm of Newfranoe and Garrard solicitors. Evesham, have failed. Theil liabilities are set down at £300,000. ' Admiral Oelomb, a well-known author ityon Imperial defence, has written i .letter to the Times on the proposai U gr^nfc Imperial subsidies to Mr. Jamei Huddaçt's Austral-Canadian and Anglo Canadian steamship services, and to thi Pacific cable, fie urges that if the sah sidles ire granted, the Anstralaûan war ehipSjShoald be available for. general ser ivice in the Pacific, and that the soldierc o£ Australasia should be available foi Borvioe'between Halifax, the capital ol Hoya Sootia, and Australia. . The Mussnlmans in the Malabar die triet, in, .British India, .bave -murdered aérerai Hindoos and have destroyed theil fempîs*. - Troops are now pursuing thc Mossalmans. London, April 7. Mrf ,£amei Huddert is disposed tc make Senthampton the terminal port io England for bis new Atlantic steamship serróse, The semination, before Mr. Justice Williams, ot Mr. Larkworthy, formerly managing director in tiondonof the New Zealand Load and Mercantile Agency Gempauy, has ended. Later. Mr. Paul, the London manager of the Ne*,, Zealand Loan amt Mercantile Agenoy Company, was examined before Mr. Justice Wüliams, to-day* He gave the hlsto^ o| the ^rsifen of tWdebea tare prospectuses,' Commenting upon this, part of his evidence, Mr.oJjafiBtice Williams said thátr it Was not ooafirmed by documents, and that it was of an astonishing nature, itt. Pani Virtually admited, that there was mothiogvoew in the form of the debentures iasned. The Board of Directors were well aware that . the deböntures afforded no spwial secur ity to the holders. While the Ooorpariy Were, negotiating with Schroeder & Co., they, issued a considerable quantity of debentures on the old basis. . L&J8B; Mr. Paul, in reply to Mr. Juitlóe Wil- liams, was nuable to explain why at tbe time of the issue of debentures by (Shroeder & Co. the directors failed io clearly indicate to the holders of thé old debentures that they Were not secured. The publieation ^f Mr. Larkworthy's »pnrtjpas |»ostponed out of deference to Mr. TlmmascRusselLoneof the directors. 1». Barker reported' that in 1892 the deficite'apuntad to JB69p;00e. The Board did' riçt dfsonjg ¿be propriety of .nalang any spécifie mention of the defieit, '. ;fi; Uk ?.: ? J . Broken HUI Proprietary Company's «hares are quoted «at 47s. 6d. The English Press hi the Argentine Republic are opposed to the extradition of Jabez Balfour, the Liberator Building Society swindler, ou %ha ground that it is Illegal. , Mr, Inglis read a paper last night, before the Boyal Colonial Institute,, ou some economic developments of Aus- tralian enterprise. He dwelt especially onneif. industries ju regard to sub- tropical crops/the inflnx/of farmers into tito central division of Now Benth Wales, the opening of the mallee country in "Vic- toria, and the, irrigation colonies. He also referred to the great success; of exonerative dairying and the frozen meat industry. He e^ that the dissovery of aitesian nupplies of water' had added a new province to Australia as large as Hatajoelelond, and walch,' unlike that oennfayji had been seoured without the s^dlng^f blood. ^Llie etrikere' at the ooko works 'in Pjmtóylvanie, TJBJL, are ^lauig.. The ea&tjf;ä ín?,every town throughout the egjjce.i{hs$ofc ate taking np ^rrns in order te protect themselves against violence by . mmtfam \- Ölenny; Whól visited England wiffitne'obiaotof eellbir some Australian fßjjkmnvi and toby mine properties in MM:-/*-, ? ' which he is interested, ie about to return Australia. He will be accompanied by an expert in precious stones. He bas Isold to a Glasgow syndicate the Fury Ruby and Diamond mines, and also the Monte Christo mine, subject to a favour- able report by the expert, for £250,000. The prospectas of the Lion's Den Tia Mining Company has been issued. The capital is fixed at £100,000. London, April 7. Owing to Western Australia having not proved responsive to the overtures pf General Booth for the establishment of a Salvationist oversea colony, the General contemplates establishing a colony in Paraguay. He has received some encouragement from that country. The Brazilian insurgente' squadron bas succeeded in forcing an entrance into Brio Grande harbour. Count Oaprivi has announced that it is the intention, of the German Government to coin new silver to the amount of 20.000,000 marks (21,000,000.) The British and Australasian Trust and Loan Company bas declared a divi- dend ol 10 per cent. , Broken Hill Proprietary Company's shares are quoted at 48s. 9d. President Cleveland has signed fthe sward maoe by the arbitrators in the Behring Sea seal fishery arbitration. There ie no change in the price of colonial butter. Tho deaths is announced of M. Jablaocoff, the well-known electrician. The excitement in South Carolina over the new liquor law is quieting down, aud there has been no renewal of the rioting. Martial law has therefore been removed. A company is being formed to work Mawson's Beward ol&im;, ou the Dundas Hills goldfield, Western Australia. The capital of the company is £60,000, divided into 60*000 shares of 20s. each. It is intended at present only to issue 40,000 one pound shares to the pubiie. They will be issued at a premium of five shillings. The Kmc*, in commenting on the opposition of the colonies to Imperial penny postage,, expresses the opinion that it is intelligible. It is possible, it thinks, that there may be a révision of the rates at the next meeting of the Postal Union. , " Sir Thomas Mcilwraith, Premier of Queensland, Mr. Hume Black, special immigration agent for the Queensland Government, and Mr. McESacharn, visited the Smithfield Meat Market yesterday. They were surprised at the inferior quality of the Queensland beef as com- pared with the American beef. Lord ' Rosebery in replying to the deputation representative of the colonies, which waited upon him last week, ia order to bring a number of colonial questions under his notice, said that he recognised the great importance of the extension pf the Commercial Treaties Act of 1873, aa proposed by the deputa- tion. He suggested that a very wide : application of th© Act might infringe the rights of foreign nations. Mr. Reid suggested, thai if there was ja fear of the treaty being applied too .widely, it might be well to confine the concession to Canada, Australasia, and Cafe Colony» Lord Rosebery_promised that the Cabinet would carefully and earnestly consider the matter at an early date. The defection of the Parnellite mem- bers and the indifference oE the anti Parnellite members of the Houee of Com- mons, are rendering the p-îsitijn of the Government very precarious. The Radi- cals, also, are angry with Sir William Harcourt, the Leader of the House, for claiming for the Government, for the whole of the session, the time usually set apart for private members' business. Dissensions are increasing among the M'Oarthyite section of the Nationalist party. It is stated that a section of the Cabinet strongly resents the pressure being brought to bear upon the Cabinet by Ministerial factions. A hundred and. fifty strikers ia Penn- sylvania have been arrested for rioting and murder. Sir Robert Hamilton or Mr. Spencer Walpole--more probably the former will be appointed as special representa- tive, of Great Britain at the Colonial Conference to be held at Ottawa in Jone. ' Sir Charles Dilke has decided to raise a discussion in the Renes ef Lords en the Gotta Rica Packet ease. London, April 8. " The Emperor of Germany and tho King of Italy met at Venice yesterday. Both sovereigns were accorde! a brilliant reception by tbe citizens. In response to the demands of the crowd they appeared on the balcony of the Palace. The imports of the United Kingdom for last month, show an increase of £1,200,000. The exports have decreased by £1,300:000. The cargo of Victorian wheat by the ship Micronesia, which left Melbourne on February 8tb, has sold at 25s. l£d. per quarter. A plot has been discovered at Liège, in Belgium, having for its object the destruction of the public buildings of the city. The police have seized a quantity of bombs. Loudon, April 9. It is reported in Zanzibar that Great Britain will retain officials in Uganda, to administer the Government of the country locally. The Northumberland mine owners and mine» have formed a Conciliation Board, for the settlement of disputes with re- gard to wages. The Watkins Land Mortgage Com- pany, Kansas, U.S.A., has suspended payment. The liabilities are nearly 6,000,000 dollars (£1,200,000.) On Saturday £5,000 wera stolen from the oonntet of Smitb, Payne & Smith's Bank in Lombard-street. The thief has not been captured. The Mortgage Company of South Aus- tralia hu decided to call np its nnpaid capital. The American newspapers are com- plaining of the duplicity of Great Britain in putting a clause into the Behring Sea Seal Fishery Treaty, enabling ships leaving port before the publication of the regulations to engage in pelagic sealing with impunity. i The Government's motion in favour of I absorbing the time allowed to private members' business has been carried ia the Honse of Commons by a majority of 24\. The motion was carried through ^ the Radicals, who had at first dissented from it, yielding. The Parnellite mem- bers abstained from voting when Mr. Morley refused to give the Evicted Tenants Bill equal precedence to the Registration Bill. Thé Unionist Press declares that the reprieve granted to the Government will be of bnt brief duration. Le Figaro, a well-known Paris paper, publishes a report of an interesting inter- view with the King of Italy. The King is reported as saying that profound sym- pathy "is felt by. Italy for Frauee, and that it will be manifested some day. Italy, the King said, complained of .the French Tariff. The three Emperors and himself earnestly wished for the main- tenance of the peace of Europe. \- A man named Augustus William Myers was charged at Bow-street Police Court yesterday with forgery. The prosecutor, a man named Hosrof Mar gosian, declares that Myers said he was a rich physician residing at Adelaide, South Australia, and that he had been a lucky speculator in Broken ' Hill silver stock. Seven thousands quarters of Sonth Australian wheat have been sold at 25s. 4$d. a quarter. Two hundred Brazilian refugees, who were on board a Portuguese warship, and were ref used permission to land by the Argentine Government until they had been quarantined, have succeeded in making their escape from the warship just when she was about to sail. Silver is quoted at 28Jd. per oz. The Newfoundland Government have signed the agreement arrived at in re- gard to the Newfoundland lobster fish- eries. , The bequest of £50.000 made for church purposns to Di*. Moorhouse, Bishop of Manchester, by Mr. Samuel W<eton, a Manchester merchin', is to be applied to church schools. 'An hotel and theatre at Milwaukee, U.S.A., have been destroyed by fire; six teen people were killed. The damage is estimated at half a million dollars. In the appeal case of Aitken v. MacKeekan, the Privy Council has direc, tel that Flatt's original diaries be trans- mitted. The appeal to the Privy Council ia the case of the proprietors of the Awtra. lim, Star v. the proprietors of the Even- ing News, has been allowed with coBts. The Marquis of Ripon, Secretary of State for the Colonies, will be present at the dinner to Sir Thomas Mcilwraith, Premier of Queensland, to-night. Sir Henry Loeb, Governor of Cape Colony, and Imperial High Commissioner in South Africa, has received six months leave of absence. It is not expected that he will return to the Cape. During the religious riots at Malabar, British India, between tho Hindoos and the Mussulinaus, the troops engaged in restoring order killed thirty Mussulmans. London, April 10. Mr. Dowe, the inventor of a bullet proof cuirass has given satisfactory proof of its ability to turn bullets. He sub- mitted to be shot at in one ot his cuirasses, and although the bullets hit the cuirass he felt nothing. A horse similarly protected was also shot at, and was not hurt. A serious mutiny has broken eut in the Second Battalion of the Dorsetshire Regiment, stationed at Belfast. The men hare mntiaied as a protest against the numerous parades to which they are subjected. Many of the men have bean arrested. lu the Boase of Commons last night, the Attorney-General, "Sir Charles Rus- sell, explained that the Behring Sea Seal Fishery Bill \ gave no immunity to vessels sailing far the fi*hery grounds prior to the publication of the new regu- lations. The examination of the directors and officers of the New Zealand Loan and Mercaufile Agency Company was re- sumed, before Mr. Justice Williams, yesterday. Mr. Paul, the London Manager of the Company, deposed that he sold his shares in the Company in 1889, and on the 6th of June last year. Tho Judge severely rebuked Mr. Paul fer his absence of frankness and candour in giving evidence. Mr. Paul, continuing his evidence, said that the confidential report for- warded by Mr. David Elder, the General Manager for the Company in Australia, remained unopened until June, 1893. This was owing to a request cabled by Mr. Elder, requesting the directors to await further advices before opening the report. The judge remarked that he was astounded that the directors did not sus pend Mr. Elder when they discovered he« he had tricked them. To this remark Mr. Paul replied that Mr. Thomas Russell, one of the directors, was in Melbourne at the time and had seen the report. The judge said that in that case the conduct of the directors was only the more surprising. Mr. Paul, continuing his evidence, said that nothing had been written off the properties in the hands of the company, though they were not earning a penny. Since 1890 the company had been in great straits for money. Mr. Hollaras, of the firm of Hollaras Sons, Coward, and Hawkley, solicitors to the Company, next gave evidence. He I said that he did not approve of the pros- pectus issued in 1879. It was presented to the board as though he approved of it. At the examination of directors and officers of the New Zealand Loan and Mercantile Ageucy Company yesterday,' Mr. Mundolla, one of the directors, gave evidence. He denied that he was aware that the prospectuses issued regarding tho security for the debentures, were mis- leading. He thought that they were only ambiguous. He condemned the Colonial Boards for their greediness in business and for over-trading up to the hilt. He protested that the suggestion that he was guilty pf á policy of conceal- ment was a gross injustice to him. It would have been injurious to have in-" formed tha shareholders of Mr. Lark worlliy'u report without having confirma- tion of the statements made in it. Mr. Paul never mentioned the fact of the Company holding the Waikato land, in counect'on with the balance sheet of 1891. The judge described the Company's transactions in regard to the Waikato land as being unjustifiable, regarded as an ! investment. i During a large fire at Baltimore, | U.S.A., yesterday, 137 horses were burned in their stables. j The King and Queen of Italy pay,a visit to Queen Victoria, at Florence, to- day. Satisfactory accounts have been re- ceived of tho progress being made at the New Australia settlement, Paraguay. The settlers have now twenty acres under crop, and brick making and other trades are in a flourishing sondition. The death is announced of Lord Bowen, one of the Lords of Appeal in Ordinary» He was appointed a judge of the Queen's Bench in 1879, and a Lord Justice of Appeal in 1882. He was created a Peer in 1893. The Admiralty has engaged twenty eight steamers belonging to the Cunard, the P. & 0\. and the Canadian-Pacifio lines to act as armed oraisers in time of war. Hitherto the number of vessels so engaged has only been nine. Mr. Reid, the Victorian Minister of Defence, has decided not to visit the Continent. He will probably sail fer New York by the Teutonic on the 18th instant. He will spend three days in New York, Washington, and Boston, and will then visit the principal cities of * i Canada. He intends to leave Vancouver, on his return to Australia, on May 16th. Mr. David Christie Murray, novelist and actor, has been summoned for not contributing to the support of his wife. He has now agreed to allow her 3Ôs. a week. Sir Thomas Mcilwraith, Premier ef Queensland, has informed the Colonial Party in the House of Commons, that if Japanese continue to flock to Queensland he will impose a poll tax upon them. Mr. Justice Williams has intimated that he must see the financial statement on which the reconstruction scheme for the New Zealand Loan and Mercantile Agency Company is based, before he decides whether he will give, or withhold, his sanction to the scheme. Sir James Fergusson, one of the directors, waa examined to-day. He said that the creditors' committee had stated that the reconstruction scheme was based on Mr. Young's figures. These figures the judge requested to see. j The creditors' committee will consider j to-day what effect the evidence given ia i the present proceedings is likely to have on the reconstruction scheme. It is stated that the. late Sir Gerald Portal's advice to the Government ia regard to Uganda was that the country should be governed by a British Com- missioner, and that|he should be allowed 500 Soudanese soldiers to support bis authority. He also advised the construe« lion of a railway from Uganda to the coast. The visible supply of wheat it 88,000,000 quarters. London, April ll. _ The cargoes of New Zealand frozen meat by the steamers Gothic and Teneriffe have arrived in good order, Silver is qnotcd at 28$d. per oz. The death is announced of the Marquis of Ailesbury. For a considerable time 'past he had been suffering from an in- curable complaint. He is succeeded by his cousin, Lord Henry Brudeaall Bruce. London, April ll. The Marquis of Ailesbury died in lodgings at Brixton. The immediate sause of his death was heart disease. His sister, Lady Mabel Sievier, and her husband, were with him to the end. The King and Queen of Italy paid a visit to Queen Victoria at Florence yes-, terday. Afterwards Her Majesty re- turned the visit, and will also lunch with the King and Queen during their stay in Florence. It is reported that Admiral de Gama and several of bis officers were amongst the Brazilian insurgents who made their escape from a Portuguese warship and landed in Buenos Ayres. Five of the Brazilian insurgente' war- ships are bombarding Rio Grande.. The Brazilian Government have sent ten; war- ships to attack them. ; LATER, ,< A telegram published in the Times/, this morning, states that the Brazilian, naurgents have captured Rio Grande. ^ The Naval programme of the Govern- ment is at present being discussed in the House of Commons. Sir W. Kay* Shuttleworth, Secretary of the Admiralty» declared, ia the course of the debate, that it was the intention of the Government; to make the British fleet equal to the greatest fleet that auy foreign power could put to sea. The Chancellor of the Excli8qaar*£i?! William Harcourt, will deliver .bja budget speech in tho House of Comuieae.on Monday. . . ,,;"¿'',..,l¡: A sensational attempt to, jjqib tfceii Duchess of Manohester of her jewels occurred in Spain the other day. The Duchess was travelling by train, mhm a--. robber seized her jewel case. While- ; escaping he fell under the wheels of the carriage and both his legs were crushed* The jewels were hoovered, ê 1 -J 1 ?" 1 1 London, April ll. At tbe examination of the directors of Che Mew Zealand Lean and Mercantile Agency Company, yesterday, before Mr. » t?nstlce Williame, Sir, James Fergusson continued his evidence. Ho said that the Company ought never to have taken jauch* of the landed property which was Offered to it, tue business con ' aeoied with it being outside tbe Com- pany's scope. He thought that Mr. David Eider, the Company's General Manager in Australia was too greedy for husineaa. He considered that Mr. Lark , worthy's enmity to certain of tho dit eu- lup coloured his report on the Company's Position* Mr. David Elder's report cagarding the deficit was net referred to lbs Board till June. The Beard held toa* the deficit was only temporary and would soon fee recouped. The Company was always willing to help Mr. Thomas Russell, whose services then and now were invaluable. He admitted that certain of the directors had in 1891 de- clared .that the position of the Oompauy had never been sounder. The inspection by Mr. Elder of all the properties in , which the Company was interested was impossible. ' He thought that Mr. Paul, the London manager, had informed the directors of the auditors' objections to the description given of the Company'« pro jierties. The counsel for the liquidation of the Opmpany announced that he was in* etrúeted to oppose the petition for tho _ Tecbnstructieu of the Company, in respect Ht> the sixth'issue of shares. ' Mr. Justice Williams said he was dis- posed to give his sanction to au amended Reconstruction scheme which would afford fhe. holders of the 1892 unconverted debenture stock some relief. Silver is quoted at 28|d. per oe. Bröken Hill Proprietary Company's! shares sae quoted at 50s. 3d. The discount rate for three months bills is advancing. The present quota- tion is one and five-sixteenths per cent. , . In. the Privy Council appeal in the owe et the Municipal Council of Sydney «. the Attorney General of New South Wales/judgment has. been reserved. ; 'Th's apples which were shipped from ¿Sydney by the s.s. Australasian, as deck cargo, have not proved a success. ' Mr, Arthur .Harrold is forming an Assets Company, wjth a capital . of ¿61,000,000, to purchase Australasian Scanties. He has secured influential floaacial support for his projoot. Af a meeting of the Royal Colonial IosnVtnte last night a discussion took place on the paper recently read by Mr. Inglis, on ,rThe economic, developments of colonial enterprise." Lord Carrington was . one of the speakers.- He eulogised Mr. Inglis' faner*. > He also said that personally he was Very, confident with regard .to the recuperative powers of New South Wale«, : ¡and that they, were capable of being vastly increased. He pointed out that a large portion of the revenue of the colony was obtained from State pro- perties,, and that the .taxation to which the colonists -were subjected was very small. Sir William Harcourt, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, has written a letter to General Booth, in which he highly eulogists bis work, and recognises him as a public benefactor. The Australian Mortgage, Land and Finance Company has declared a divi- dend of 7£ per cent., and has carried forward £8,000. The directors recom- mend that Mr. E. M. Young be given a teat on the Board. The-Ttntes states that the Colonial Oinference to be held at Ottawa in June, will be followed by another conference in liondon relating to united action for Imperial defence The Times denies the dorrectness ot the assertion made by Admiral Colomb recently, in a'letter to the Editor, that the colonies are selfishly Inposing upon Gre it Britain the cost of the Pacific mail and cable services. It declares that the refusal by the Imperial Government to cb-operale may in the' future deprive Great Britain of the ittoareee furnished byuuion. ' . -' London, April 12. The Times of this morning comments Iflto 'the late Sir Gerald Portal's advice ter tba <¡foverumónt regarding Uganda |t argea;-^hat 'the oonutry should bj ptaftd in *he position of a protected frtfve&ateinIndia.; : "SEoe- Press, as-j h ' whole, approves of Sir Wald - PoitalU . recommendations. tb is Wièved Chat the Governmput will Jocose ¡nain áeoept them. ?.h"h: t ? \r t.-:--i . ? ? > ''? ? ? ' ' I At the hearing ef the application befere Mr. Justice Williams fer his sanction to the scheme for the recon- struction of the New Zealand Loan and Mercantile Agency Company, tho counsel for the holders of unc.oavertad debeoiuves claimed for his clients priority or eqaa'ity with the holders of convarttd debentures on the ground that the old prospectuses gave them security. Mr. Justice Williams, in giving his decision, held that it was clear that the reconstruction scheme had been drawn up on th? basis of the right of the holders of the Schroeder issue of dobeuturas lo havo tho whole of the unpaid capital of the Company appropriated to their benefit iu the event of the failnre of the Company. This right, he considered, was j very open to argument. He required evidence that the creditors were awaro of tho facts when they aseeuted to the scheme. He also wanted au assurance that the holders. of Sckrceier's issue of debentures would grant further canoe*-, fiions if requisite, without compelling him to act. He hinted that he might consider it desirable to exert pressure to secure that end. He recognised the necessity of disposing of the reconstruction scheme quickly, as otherwise,it might provea failure. , The liquidator of the Company stated that plenty of floating capital would be available as soon as the Company was again started. -j The discussion on the reconstruction was adjourned until Friday. The soft goods trade in England is very brisk at the present time. Mr. Denis Kilbrade, (anti-Parnelltte) M.P, for SâHth Kerry, has introduced a measure intituled the Irish Lauds Tenure Bill, designed as a. protest against,th», confiscation of tenaust' improvements. The bill wes. read a second time by a majority of 89, . . # News has been receiv a of the defeat of Kabarega, King of Umyaro, in Cen- tral Africa. Fifty of tho King?« fol- lowers were killed. The French Press has received with coldness the assurances by King Hum- bert of Italy's friendliness to France. As a proof of the sincerity of his declara* tiona the Freneh journals advise that Italy should withdraw from the Triple Alliance. A Company for the development of mining property at South Cue, Murchison Goldfield, Western Australia has been registered. Its capital is fited at £60,000. Sir Saul Samuel, the Agent-General for New South Wale«, has publicly declared that unless there ia au excess of exports over imports to Australia, with which to pay the interest on the public and private debts of the' colonies, the gold supply of Australia will be de- pleted.' Two hundred and fifty of the Brazil- ian refugees who broke quarantine at Buenos Ayres, have been captured by the Aigentine authorities and placed on beard the Portuguese warship from which they escaped. The University Extension Congress will be held in London in June next, and i is to be presided over by the Duke of Devonshire. An invitation has boen sent to the Australian Universities to send delegates tv attend the . Congre- s, and if it is found impossible to send representa- tives from Australia, the universities are asked to appoint delegates in England to represent them. A statement of the progress of the extension movement has been forwarded to all the Universities which have boen asked to join the Con- gress. The butter and cheese from New South Wales by the s.s. Australasian Dave arrived in excellent condition. The butter by the B.M.S. Parramatta has arrived in good condition. Mr. Hore Barker succeeds the la e Mr. Frederick Dalgety as a director of the British and Australasian Trust and Loan Company. The Mount Charlotte Mine af. Cool- gardie has been sold to an English syndi- cate, who have undertaken to provide. £24,000 as working capital. The pre- sent owners receive a suis of money and, a number of paid-up shares for the pro- perty. * A severe drought is being experienced ia Germany, Austria, and France. It is creating ajarm among.the farmers. ' Sir Thomas Mcilwraith'and Mr. Reid visited the Imperial Institute yesterday. They agreed that it might be made use- ful to' the colonies, and might also become an agency for âdvanoiàg. the sal* nf Emrli-.li manufactures in the col nim They thought, however, that j a gloater display of exhibits should io made, «ul thar, the colonial ought tj H| end more on their respective t ourts On t he couciusi >u of their visit Sir Thom ts M>Ilwra*h and Mr. Reil were en ortainei at, lunch ooo by Sir Saul S tome), Agent-Geaer&l; for New South W l's . Th» Goldsmith*.' Company bas pre- sented to the Department of Scientific R search, tn connection with tho Imperial Inhibit*, a donation of £1,000. At tin ui tinco of <he Aconta-General, S'r Predetiok Abo!, Secretary and Direc- tor of tho Imperial Institute, has agreed to throw open the reading roim of the lust tnte for the benefit of the geuvral public. S fiiius developments hava occurred in con ec ion with the strike of coke burners iu P.-«m-ylvftníK. Rioting has been ro-urned in lite raining towns. Tho Unite! States Mine Workers Convention his also acted on bohalf of the miners and ord^r ni a general strike to take place on the 21*t instant. Th * Bill iut rodnced by Mr. J. H. C. Hozier, M.P. f >r South Lanarkshire, to r^gu'ate th« sa'o of foreign anl colonial fm t, has beeu negatived on the second trading. Thi measure was greatly ridi- cule! l>y Mr. Mundella, the President of the Boa- d of Trade. . © 