BRIGHT. from our own correspondent. Monday. It was an Australian poet I fiink who Wrote : Green-robed October came along with daisy- slippered feet, And smiling o'er the vernal fields, she took her peacefnl seat. And I niusfc admit the description fits the state of affairs hero to a dot, only there is this to be added, that if we have many more days as hot as the last couple, the " Green robes" will be changed to a nut brown with the rapidity of a Christ mas pantomime transformation scene. Really, the change in temperature within a week is almost alarming. Ther mometer 011 two or three nights last week down to almost freezing point while to-day white hat?, ditto coats, and other evi dences of the advent of summer were iti evidence. Is it any wonder that coughs, colds and other affections of the throat and lungs prevail when we are tempted out in summer gear, and before the day is out have to take refuge in overcoats, mufflers, leggings, &c.;, against the rain and cold. In this connection I would remark that the prevailing complaint, influenza, still claims many victims in Bright, Wandili gong, Porepunkali, Buckland, Freeburgh, Harrietville, and elsewliere up and down the river. So far I do not know that any cases have resulied fatally, although there have been many "close shaves," to quote in the vernacular. There lias never been such a general visitation of sickness throughout the length and breadth of the district before. Dr Wilkinson informs me that there is hardly a house without an adult patient, to say nothing of the child ren. within the area of his practice. It is sitisfactory to learn that the number of cases tire rapidly becoming less numerous, aud there is evidence of the " plaguo" having run its course. Far as this place is removed from Bal lard; the feeling that "all the world's akin" is strikingly brought into evidence by tin- general expression of regret at the lamen ted death of Colonel Smith und t circum stances that, while of a deeply mournful nature, had, as became the active energetic nature of the man, also an almost theatrical ending. The Colonel is widely kno-vn throughout the district through a stirring speech he delivered at the AI. U. Hall, Wandiligong, during the Berry regitn , while the late Air G. Billson, of respected memory, was one of the representatives of the Ovens electorate. The occasion to which I refer was long a subject of con versation amongst local politicians, for besides Colonel Smith and Air Billson the meeting was addressed by three other oratorical giants, and when I say they were Ale.-srs David Giuuson, .lames Mirams and E. J. Dixon it will be rea ily acknowledged that Mr Kerford's party had a very severe handling that evening. The gathering at the hall that night was the largest ever known, and to provide room for all that attended a great number of the sets were removed and the " free and independent" stood as closely jammed together as possible. Wandiligong then, as it ever has done, took a decided stand on tlio side of progress and reform of established aud existing abuses. Beg pardon for the discursion into the realms of personal reminiscences, but I think that the actions of notable men are at all times of interest to mankind. Another man who made bis mark hero in the early days of the Bright Shire Council, Iras come to the front in an unexpected manner. The gentleman to whom I refer, Air Waldemur Bannotv, was a storekeeper at the Bnckland, and ihrough his exertions and an agitation in which he was the guiding spirit, the shire of Bright was divided into ridings. But it is with Mr Baunow'a present mission in life wo have now to do. It appears lie has written a book, " The Colony of Victoria — Socially aud Materially, " and desired the assistance of the late Govern ment in a pecuniary maimer to enable him to publish his work. In fact, Air Patterson had a deputation which was championing Mr Batinow's cause to believe that ho would assist Mr B. to the extent ci purchasing 4000 copies of the work at 2s (id each for gratuitous distribution in the coWy. Unfortunately for Air Ban- now, Sit James B. P. treated the whole affair as a joke, and declined to complete the bargain or hear Mr Bannow any further on the subject. Although denied the right to oral communication the avenue afforded by the post-office was still open, ana those who know Air Bannow are well aware that he used his opportunities to the full; whether the Castlemaiue knight evaded the epistles is, however, a matter on which no enlightenment has been vouchsafed. Like a wise man Mr Bannow kept a copy of the communica tion that ho fired off at the head of the Government, and as it elicited no response he had it printed for circulation amongst his friends and sympathisers. A copy- came my way through a mutual friend, long resident in the district. As the document will prove entertaining — indeed, I may say amusing — reading to many old residents of Buckland Valley, Porepun kali, Bright, &c.;, I append the full text : — " The Honorable J. B. Patterson, Premier of Victoria. " Dear Sir, — " As you deny mo an opportunity to personally urge my claim on your con sideration, re my book entitled " The Colony of Victoria — Sochi ly and Mate rially," I must now address you by letter, with a view of laying my case before the public in case my appeal he not granted. " Aly claim rests, among others, on the following facts : — I have conscientiously worked for the welfare of Victoria during nearly 41 years, which was acknowledged By my fellow-residents 22 years ago, when I was presented with an address thanking me for many years' public services. Eight years ago I was appealed to in the English Press to come to the assistance of the working men at home with reliable information about the Australian colonies. I then vowed to devote my whole life to this object, and the following year I published two books on the subject, which were re ceived by the Press and the public with the most favourable expressions of opiuion. During the last five years and a-half, I have diligently collected mate rials for the contents of this, my latest "'vils, resulting in a wont wuicu oir Hayter declares will, he believes, be of advantage to the colony if published and disseminated. Air Hayter also declares the book to be reliable, with much useful Information, and my views moderateiy and sensibly expressed in a popular style ; while the price, he thinks, is incredibly cheap. Finally, Air Hayter can see no objection to iho Government buying a number of the books for distribution or sale. During three years I was kept in suspense by the Exhibition trustees, who had selected me to fill the position as curator for the Victorian Court at the Imperial Institute, but when you. last year informed mo that you could not afford to make the appointment, I sub- nutted quietly to my disappointment and ss. About four years ago, when the Present Aitorney-General made use of the unemployed to harass tlio then Govern uieut, of which you were a member, by .fluent motions for the adjournment of . 10 House, I, by letters to the Press and u oir 'Bryan O'Loghlen, pointing out to nm that he in his earn was being made a toil.- Hosa and others, put an end rhi3 unhealthy agitation, both in the reels and in Parliament. At the nicet- 0'Ln,n !llG lmemplyed Sir Bryan m n's conduct was cheered, while ur name was groaned at, aud I had to tweeted by the police from the vio- lii?Cen le rougl3 following Rosa and si-it r i "es' At the time you seemed stiln j I and 5a'd that I certainly was a jJt J"1? writer. In December last Air ,' evi> M.B.C., introduced me to you, full yu instructed Air Hayter to caro- kim,-eam'ne my manuscript and let you and n i?a' value, aud you led Air Levi relink to bcl'Ove that if Air flayter's nn-L Wer® favorable Government sup- W'tieksi forthcoming. Several i John a w » del)utation, including Air m A. Al.L.C.; Air N. Levi, Ar lto:iV mrr Alfred D"akin> ALL. A.; W M ta a 'L'A'; Brom- ley, ALL. A.; Air W. H. C. Darvall and myself waited upon -you to again solicit the Government to order 4000 copies ot my book at 2s Gd each, to enable nie, with the assistance of mv committee, to get 50,000 cooies printed, winch I intend to dispose of personally, while I, at the same time, lecture on the resources of the colony here in Victoria in Great Britain, and in Scandinavia, without compensation, presumably lead ing to the introduction into this colony of a number of desirable immigrants with aoiJic means. You led the deputation to believe that our request would be granted, and you t-.ld me that we had to thank Air Ueaktn's eloquent pleading for the con cession. To prove this contention it can vir ln''"ntioned that on my asking Mr Wallace to see you before the Cabinet meeting, he stated that it was unneces- s>ry, as yon had made a clear promise. W lien the curt refusal arrived, the mem bers of the deputation naturally felt dis appointed, while, to Air Deakin cspe- cially, it must appear as a personal in sult, as your reference to him must have been looked upon as sarcasm. Aly sug gestion to induce a number of young Danish farmers with means to come out this colony lias been highly approved of by numerous gentlemen, including the ireasnrer. X was therefore naturally astonished when you told me the other day that you opined that no more popula tion were required here, which opinion is evidently shared by the Minister of Lands, as he lately implied that we had not land enough for the people hero already. My request, as now preferred, is of such a modest character that I am certain that no reas -na-de objection can bo raised after the report of Mr Hayter, which suggests the nature ot the support that might he granted mo. An order for 4000 copies of my book, with a view of re selling tliem to the public, would incur no actual expense, but only an advance for a few months ; and this advance will not be required before next financial year. Considering that I have spent so many years of iny life, and the savings of seve ral years, in order to carry out my object, which will, as Air Hayier states, bo of advantage to the colony, your refusal will mean utter rain to mo and loss to the colony, waich I tlo not believe the public will permit when they are fully seized of all tacts of the case, and I therefore intend t > appeal to the press of Alel- bourne for an opportunity to lay these faets before tliem, and if my request is not complied with bufore Parliament as semble, I inta -d to appeal to "thit" for a more generous rrei- meut. — I remain, dear sir, yours faithfully. " Waldkmau Bannow." A very important question, and one which appeared to be quite overlooked during tile late parliamentary election, but which is still of paramount importance to fanners and graziers, is ill it relating to the rabbit pest. Trapping, poisoning and other m-ans o£ disposing of bunny, are keep continuously going, but notwith standing all the efforts put forth, the pest in man j' places is just as bad as of yore. I can point to numerous grazing paddocks, which in tlio ordinary course of tilings, would be used to top up fat cattle, but now through the rabbits, are as bare of grass as the centre of the main road and of no value to tile owner, also to cultiva tion paddocks where a large percentage of the crop goo? the same road as the grass. Seeing thai the main portion of the ra obits for practical purposes, we may say all — come in from the unoccupied Crown lands, it is passing strange tha- the settlers sub mit so quietly to the inaction of the Lands Department. Ic is no mental fiction, hut a sterling fact admissible of easy proof, that if the officers of ilie department charged with the eradication of the rabbit pest effectu ally did all that is required of thetn in relation to Crown lands, the small land owner would soon be rid of the trouble, and never be in the unfortunate position of being defendant i.i proceedings under the Rabbit Act for not d dug that which it is physically impossible for him to do. Failing united action on the part of the Government and private landowners, the only hope for graziers and cultivators in infested districts is to enclose their hold ings with either wire netting or close paling fences. Both these structures run into considerable outlay, and can only be efficiently carried out by men of means, only a small percentage of whom are settled oa the hind. It is of no consequence that the State treasury is in a depleted con dition, the retention of the people already on the land demauds that tlio system of advancing money to landowners for tho purpose of purchasing wire netting should he again reverted to, both in the interest of the individual and the welfare of the colony. How can the country be expected to thrive when so large a proportion of the settlers on the soil are wasting the best portion of their timo in hunting ver min ? Surely some member of Parliament will have the moral courage to shortly expose the existing rotten state of affairs sanctioned by tho Lands Department. Auent the rabbit nuisance a Mr T. Bar- nett, at present engaged in trapping at Porepunkali, has devised a scheme by which lie claims the difficulty can be coped with. 1 am not at liberty at present to enlarge further on Air Burnett's method, as he lias arranged to fully explain his proposals to the members of the Bright Shire Council at their next meeting. An accident of an extraordinary nature, which might have easily resulted fatally to human life, happened oil the Wandiligong road on Saturday evening last just be tween the lights. As it was a horse met its death in a »i03t horrible manner, its ritler got a severe shaking from which lie will not recover for sonic little time ; a baker's delivery cart had a shaft broken out besides sustaining other damage, aud its driver was shot out most rapidly and unceremoniously. It appears Air Peter Sharp, of the firm of Sharp Bros., bakers, Ac., Bright, was returning from Waudiligong on the evening iu question, driving a delivery cart, aud a youth named Horatio Bennett, in the employ of Air P. Dunphy, butcher, Wan diligong, was in company with another young man named Carlilc, proceeding to the former township from Bright, both being on horseback. When on the cut road at the Pioneer Sharp and Bennett met m collision, with the result tnac tlio near side shaft of the cart penetrated the breast of Bennett's horse, aud went into its 'body a distance of no less than four feet. The force of the impact was such that Bennett aud his saddle were both thrown off and sent flying through the air several yards. The shaft sticking in the horse's body was broken off at the transom, and the strain broke the tug chain on the other shaft, thus releasing tho horse, and the cart tipped up, shouting Air Sharp out behind. Bennett's horse staggered a few yards and then dropped down dead. So firmly was the shaft em bedded in its body that a heavy draught horse had to be brought into requisition to extract it. Young Bennett got; up from where he had fallen and walked about, apparently not any the worse for the shock, but in a few moments the reaction came, and he had to be assisted from the scono of the accident. Mr Sharp did not sustain any personal injuries, the damage to the cart being the extent of his loss. ... , A rumor of a very gratifying nature has been in circulation for a day or two past to the cffcoL that very rich stone has been struck in the Harrietville Gold Aliuino Co. 'a recently acquired property, the old Miner's reef. So far, the reports have not been officially confirmed, but 1 have every reason to believe they will b9 amply verified. . . At tlio Shamrock reef, Harrietville, Air T. C. Rodda, the manager for the Hon. J. A. Wallace, has commenced a tunnel on a lower level than any on which the mine has been hitherto worked. The tunnel when in to the line of reef will be 2300 feet long. _ . . A good show or two have been obtained at Porepunkali,'- and one at Buckland. Very little lias, as yet,' been done to develope tliem, and much cannot be said about the prospects at tho present timo. 