Imtokted Stcd Cattlk.— We publish to lay a speoial artiola describing in detail the valuable importations of cattle, sheep, and ?piga recently made bv Mr. J. H. Angas. The artiole also appears in this week's Observer. The Cereal Chop.— The recent rains have had a beneficial effect on the crops in the neighbourhood of Laura and Galtowie, and in a fuw weeks some of thorn will be fit to cut for hay. Those intended for grain are (writes a correspondent) looking very promising, and the average should be about the same as last year. I have ascertained from conversation with, many farmers that there is a growing ?.version to the cultivation of the Steinwedel wheat, on account of ita liability to shed when ripe, and the too rapid growth of the plant when young, which prevents its 'atooling' aowell as the Purple Straw and other varieties. I also find that on some farms the Steinwedel has got) mixed with other kinds of wheat, with the result that, being one of the earliest kinds grown, it will ripen before the other kinds in the same paddock and shake out, thus causing a loss in the yield. I think farmers are be ginning to find oub that a more certain crop can be relied upon from the Purple Straw than from moat other kinds, and this is the reason why so many farmers have sown so largely of the variety named this season. Notices to Mariners.— The Brisbane (Queensland) Marine Department hat notified Mr. T. N. Stephens that the square beacons on Hook Point, which lead through the North Gbanoel, Wido Bay Bar, must now be kept open to the northward twice their own width. The commander of the steamer New Guinea reports the existence of the undermentioned breakersm the Archipelago cf the Recherche : — ' 1. A breaker, which would apparently nlwaya show, lies about S.S.W. i1 W. (3. 31' W.), distant six miles from Draper Island, or approximately in lat. 311 IS' S., long. 122° 25' E. 2. A breaker, which might not show in line weather, lies about S.VV. by W. g W. (S. fi30W.), distant thirteen mileB from Draper Island, or approximately in lat. 34° 19' S., long. 12251B'E.' ? Death of a Pioneer Colonist.— Among the passengers to South Australia by the .Royal Admiral from England in 1837, was Mr. John Baker, then a youth of 21, who came to the colony alone to make a home for himself. Mr. Baker died at 1'rewville, on Thursday, October 11. A carpenter and builder by trade, he found plenty of remune rative employment in the young settlement, and things were fairly prosperous with him for many years. At one time he owned pro perty in North Adelaide, and also land in the neighbourhood of Glen Oemond. Having invested his hard-earned savings in the ?hares of the Commercial Bank of South Australia which failed he found him self, when too old to work, in an almost impecumons condition, and has of late years lived in a very humble and quiet way. The deceanad, who was a native of Sfcroud, Gloucestershire, was twice married in the colon}', and leaves a. sister (Mrs. Brinkworth, of Mitcham) and two daughters, one by each marriage. He was a great admirer of the late Kev. Thomas Playford, and from the first was a member of the Bentham - street Christian Church. When he had the meam, he was a liberal supporter of religious enterprises. For some thirty years he had been handicapped by a serious bodily infirmity; but in spite of this, and of domestic losses and monetary reverses, he was never heard to complain of his lot. Among all who knew him he was respaoted and honoured as a good man. Deepening the Port Kiveh.— TheEngineer- in- Chief has advised the Marin9 Board that tha work of deepening the Port Adelaide Kiver from the outer bar to the southern end of ISi o. 1 Quay to 23 ft. at lo w water and 250 ft. wide has been completed. The work was begun in February, 1890, and up to the end of August last 1,233, J!-!J oubic yards of spoil ht3 been raised. Souudings .ire being taken with a view of issuinjr a new chart, after which the Engineer ha3 sundry suggestions to make to tho Marino Board. Sheep is South America.— Great efforts are now being made by the Argentine Go vernment to instruct the more ignorant of the South American sheepfarmers and shepherds, as well a* new immigrants, in the best methods of breeding and managing sheep. A pamphlet of 'Useful Information' on Bheep which we have received from the local repre sentative of tha Republic is published in Spanish, French, German, Danish, and Italian, and distributed gratis in very large numbers. Much of tbe information contained in ib will be no news to Australians, but is is interesting to note tho admission of tho two great causes of the inferiority of South Ameri can wool, namely, the burrs or Heeds of the native clover and other fodder plants, and the old practice to which lazy shepherds still adhere cf folding or penning their {looks, so as to avoid the trouble of keeping fenoe3 in repair. The ground around and in the pen becomes filthy in the extreme, and much of the wool that goes from Buenos Ayrea is more dirt than 6bro. The remedy recommended for the burr is to shear baforo the seeding time of the clover, aud that for the other defect is the adoption of the Australian system of paddocks, giving a free lite for tho aheep. Messrs. J. S. Bauskaw & Sons' Machines. — Further evidence of the superiority of Messrs. J. S. Bagahaw & Sons' manufactures is to hand, aa at tho Shows held on Wednes day, October 10, at Kapunda, Jamestown, Glare, and Port WakeBeld they obtained all first prizes for their handpower winnowers, and ao the last-mentioned similar recognition was made of their combined Alpha grinder, with farmers' riouruul!, whilst at the other BhowH, tbore not being any prizes offered in this cLa3s, tho machine recbivod high com mendation. A New Pai-ek. — We have received the first number of the Weekly Herald, which ia to be 'run on liberal lines.' The Editor expresses the hopo that it will soon earn for iteelf the reputation of being a democratic organ of the firats water— fearless and out spoken. Its mission in fact will be, it in claimed, to help to work out true aud per manent Bocial and industrial reform. The paper contains besides leader matter a great variety of paragraphs, articles, und reports. ? W&LKEnvirxE; OnruutEx's Home.— The per formance at tha 'North Adelaide Institute on Saturday in aid of the Walkerville Children's Home will be under the patronage and in the presence of His Excellency the Governor, Hjb Excellency the Naval Commander-in-Chief (Admiral Bowdon-Smitb), and Mrs. Bowden Smith, and will also be under the patronage of Hia Honor the Chief Justice. The programme will bo attractive and varied The Late Robbery in C'urrie-stbeet.— On Friday IasD Mr. Jenkins, agent, of King William-street, wheu in the Wellington Hotel, in Currie-street, had his horse and dogcart, which he had left standing outeide, stolen. A bystander saw a young man get in and drive away. Since then the horse has been found in the Park Lands, but the harness and trap are etill undiscovered. St. John ambulance Association. — A re-examination had taken place as Murray Bridge, conducted by Dr. 'W. Gibb, who noti fies the Secretary of the Association, Mr. J. P. Roberts, that Messrs. A. Martin, W. Warn, C. Poore. A. Ambler, J. Jones, J. A. Moore, and E. Jephcott ' have not only kept up their knowledge, but have at various times rendered tired aid in real acoidents.': The Coolgardie Goldfields.— The barque Orange Grove will sail next week for Espe rence Bay and Albany. 