Topics of the Times. The Sydney bootmakers' lock-out of 3000 men expected. A charged shell which was being handled during gun practice on board H.M.S. Galatea burst, blowing off the head of one of the gunners and seriously wounding three others. A savage burst of anti-Jewish violence has again occurred in the south of Russia. The populace, crying "Revenge on the bloodsuckers," wrecked the houses of the Jews, and brutally killed many of them. The trunk railway from Baltimore in Maryland to Ohio is now absolutely out of coal for the running of its trains. The strikers are seizing the coal supplies. A newly-arranged time-table for pas senger trains will be brought into operation on the 21st inst. The American workless petition for sus pension of immigration to the United States. Death is announced of Professor Morley, L.L.D. Proposed defensive alliance between Bulgaria and Turkey. Abolition of customs duties on the Turco-Bulgarian frontier. The Victorian delegates to the Canadian Conference have departed thence. Mallee railway about finished. An increase of railway revenue by £1521 for last week, as compared with corres ponding week last year. Steamers for the transport of frozen meat to London will load their coal and victuals in lobson's Bay. The warders at the Melbourne Gaol and Pentridge Stockade urge that the re- adjustment of grade salaries apply only to new men entering the service. An epidemic of juvenile suicides is oc curring at Paris. A rich find of auriferous beach sand has been made at Woody Head, three miles from Clarence Heads. A small rush has set in. The Victorian butter exported to Eng- land this year has in many cases been equal to the very best Danish. Moscow's foundling asylum, founded by Catherine II, is kept up by a tax on play ing cards. Sculptors contend that the height of the Venus de Medici, 5ft. 5in., is the most perfect stature for women. Talmage's Tabernacle destroyed by fire. Damage £200,000. The fire occurred just at the conclusion of the service. Cohen and Levy's stores destroyed by fire at Tamworth. £30,000 damages. The Wyalong goldfield is developing. The master of the steamer Despatch proceeded against for overcrowding whilst on voyage from Bairnsdale to Melbourne. A world's record. Mr A. Lancaster, of Melbourne, at the rifle clubs' match, scored 103 points out of a possible 103. Six bull's eyes at 600yds, and the magpie with the last shot. Fishing to be allowed on Lake Conne warre. Records from the Health Department still high. Typhoid heads the list with 99 cases. Two children drown themselves in the Danube. Miserable through bad school reports. Who shall interpret the language of love. A German put in a plea for £40 at the County Court, Melbourne, for undertaking the same on behalf of a countryman. Non-suited. The most wonderful railway project in the world is projected in Japan. The cars will accommodate four passengers each, and will be drawn over the rails by coolies. Last year, in England, one firm alone manufactured 160,000,000 corkscrews. Not a had turn out. Bullet- proof coat test. The inventor fired at twice, after a preliminary shot that pierced a block of oak. The inventor smiled and still smiles. A fusillade a directed at a grazing horse covered with bullet-proof cloth. The horse went on grazing and still grazes. HOLLOWAYS PILLS.-Teachings of Experi ence.-The united testimony of thousands, extending over more than forty years, most strongly recommends these Pills as the best purifiers, the mildest aperients, and the surest restoratives. They never prove de lusive, or give merely temporary relief, but attack all ailments of the stomach, lungs, heart, head, and bowels in the only safe and legitimate way, by cleansing the blood, and so eradicating those impurities which are the source and constituent of almost every disease. Their medical efficacy is wonder ful in renovating enfeebled constitutions. Their action embraces all that is desirable in a household medicine. They remove every noxious and effete matter; and thus the strength is nutured and the energies stimu lated. 