THE LATE CZAR. The Czar was informed on Tuesday that bis case was hopeless. He received the intelli gence with perfect composure, and said he waB happy that he had not to die abroad. Bis Imperial Majesty received the last sacra, ment on Thursday morning. He suffered acutely for some hours prior to death. The pain suddenly ceased, and the patient then rapidly sank, remaining perfectly conscious up till the last moment. He blessed each ef hia children in turn, and after taking leave of his sorrewiug family his Imperial Majesty breathed his last in the Czarina's arms. The Imperial Grand Dukes and the courtiers took farewell of the dead Emperor Alex ander III., and then swore the oath of allegiance to the Czar Nicholas IT. Bern at the Winter Palace, fit. Peters burgb, on 10th March, 1846, Alexander had an elder brother, the Czarewitcb Nicholas. This young prince was apparently formed to fix all hopes upon hia. He was the favorite son, he bad every advantage of edocatlon and position, he was handsome and refined looking, and be possessed not only charm of person and manners but talents of mind as we!!. Laudation is the inceuee which every one burns before princes, but the affectionate remembrance of this young man by those who knew him is not a tribute which can be tet aside as courtiership. Be was known to held enlightened views, and the peepte hoped that when he should come to power much would be done for the welfare of BuBsio. He was upon the point of being wedded, when in some rough play Alexander, hie brother, even then of great strength, dealt him a blow which terminated his life after a lingering and painful illness. Nicholas died at Nice on April 1865. He had been nursed with tender devotion by his affianced, the Princess Marie Sophie Freder icaDagmar, a daughter of the Danish King, and a sister of the lady who was afterwards to be Princess of Wales. Assiduous beside the dying Czarewitch was Alexander, smitten with grief and remorse. As death approacbed Nicholas placed the hand of the Princess in that of his brother, and aB his last request besought them to marry. The Princess won the hearts ef the Bussian Court and people, she retained her husband's effection, and all the perils and anxieties of the open ing years of his reign she shared at his side— to the grievous impairment of her health, it is believed. Gallo phile sympathies were cultivated in Alex ander by reaction from his father's German alliances, by the military circles about the young prince, and then, it Is said, by .the re sentment of his DaniBh bride against the despollers of Schleawig-Holstein, But be tween Slav and Teuton is the memory of a secular conflict. The fortification of the frontier between Bnssia and Germany, and its defence by farther and further aggrega tions of troops, were more significant dor Germany. The suppression of German language and Lutheran religion in the Baltic Provinces, the Russification of German im migrants in other parts, the difficulties of commercial treaties, have all born witness te the strength of the anti-German feeling, which, however, more recently has some what moderated. Other racial conflicts marked the Czar's rule. Tart of bis crusade for homegenetty consisted in the aubversal of institutions peculiar to Finland, though guaranteed by many Sovereigns of Bnssia. But overshadowing this has been the perae eutianof the Jews. Whether this was due to religious or stria-eeonomio reasons it would be hard to say. Under the influence of M. Fobiedonoytzeff, who is a Slavophile of a fanatic type, itlsasserted that the Czar was impelled- by religious bigotry to order | the - expulsion of the Jews. With more probability it is held that tbe Czar found himself rather the instrument of a popular feeling. The Jew, as money lender, liquor-seller, middleman, and rural providence to the improvident BnaBian, drew to himself the traffic of the country, and bis pitiless extortions aroused against even the innocent of the Hebrew race a wareef irre slstable popular feeling such as closed te the Chinese theportsof Australia end the United States. Whatever tbe reason, the expulsion of the Jews was a dark chapter in Russia's record under Czar Alexander 111. The ex patriation—for such it was — of thousands of men and women and children, ruined in for tune, often broken with ill-usage and hard ship, and loaded with insults and injuries, is a measure of extremity ; but it did, not seem that the Autocrat had first exhausted his powers of administration to lessen the influence of the Jews. Disasters fell thick upon the empire in the Czar's reign, if war was avoided, so were not plague, pestilence, and famine. In regard to sanitation Bnssia is still primitive. Few cities possess a sewerage system. The oommon recep table for waste is the snow ' around the people's doors ; in spring, when thaw sets in and decomposition is rapid, the result can be imagined. Always subject to 1 typhus, smallpox, and similar diseases, new plagues visited the unhappy country in the closing eighties and the opening nineties. Influenza was a destructive scourge, and passed on undiminished in virulence to Europe, America, and Anstralia. Next came the famine. Alexander IIL was by turn* a described in -extrgnwv^^ was said that, robust iu health and herculean in' size, he was a coward who shrank from peril. Others insinuated that his was mere than tbe melancholy of the Romanoffs, and that the accesses of rage te which he was subject indicated that dread mental visitation which has overtaken so many of his dynasty in the 30o jeaie of its rule. Others, who did not doubt his courage and his sanity, asserted that biB intellect wsb narrow, his obstinacy profound, his belief in the divine right of the autocrat almost a mania. But the sources of much that reached Western Europe about thza Czar were doubtful. The best informed seldom ventured upon direct assertions, knowing tbe Czar's shrinking from publicity and the strictness of the preSB laws in BuBsia. In Western Europe those who made most free with the Czar were pre cisely these who had political or racial grudges against him. An expelled agitator is seldom a just critic ef tbe regime whioh which would not tolerate him. The verdict of history npon the Czar will be less extreme than that of his detractors like Lauin, his apologists like Madame Plashlceff. A man of narrow mind, deficient in tact, saroir fairs, and sympathy, he probably was ; but he was personally upright, temperate, laborious, sincere, and loved to have men about him of similar type. He was ever a man of peace, from principle as well as policy. Not once but several times the Empire was en the verge of war, caused by indiscreet Generals — Komaroff at Penjdeh, Kanlbars in Bul garia, net to speak of breaches with Turkey, China, and Gerasany; hut it was always found that the Czar was open te diplomatic approach and favored peaceful remedies. He was a patriot.— Ex. 