GENERAL NEWS. A seneational'fight is reported to have occurred -on Sunday afc Chippendale between tho police and a gang of larrikins. Ifc appears that on Saturday ?night a set of harness was missed from a house occupied by a man named Turneth. Believing they had a cine to tho perpetrator of the thoft, two con stables proceeded to investigate the matter, and in tho course of their travels had to pass through Pine-street. Being in plain clothes they attracted no attention, but suddenly a horse furiously driven ruBhed along the street, urged on by yells and frantic gestures by four young men in a dealer's cart, which was pulled up in front of an unpreten tious-looking dwelling, with a large yard at the side, where the men alighted and pro ceeded to haul a set of harness from beneath the seat on the vehicle. This aroused the suspicion of { Constables McLean and Bannan, who crossed the Gtreet, opened the gate, and followed the men into the yard, where they were confronted by a mob of larrikins. An attempt was made to arrest the anen observed removing the harness when the Con stables were surrounded and a severe hand to hand encounter ensued, during which stones and other ?missiles were hurled i.bout indiscriminately in all directions. Constable Bannan clinched with one of the men. and a desperate conflict took place amid great excitement from a hundred people, who speedily congregated in the vicinity. The con stable made an effort to place handcuffs on the man's wrists, but was frustrated by the howling mob. In this unevinble position the policeman suddenly drew a revolver, presented it at the gang, and threatened to shoot the first man who molested him. The sight of the weapon had a wonderful effect for the larrikins fell back. Henry Robinson and George Merrigan were then arrested and marched oU to the lookup. Constable McLean also had a hard tussle with one of tho prisoners and would probably have been seriously maltreated had not a civilian rendered assistance. An illicit distillery in full working order was discovered at Ultimo on Saturday afternoon. The whole of the plant was seized by the police, and two men named William Henry Gilbert and Andrew Penman were arrested on the premises. Tho men explained they had simply rented the cellar from a man for 10s per week. The whole of the still machinery, together with five large hogsheads of molasses, wash, and a quantity of chemicals were removed to the police station. Accused were brought before the court to-day and remanded for a week, the police having gathered that a fortnight ago the premises were rented by a man who told the landlord that he was going to open a ham and beef shop. Tho City coroner held an inquest oil Monday touching the death of James Pritchard, who died in the hospital on Sunday from the effects of poisoning, said to have been self administered oa the evening previous. De ceased had been staying apart from his wife, who stated she last taw her huBband on the evening of the 14th inst., when she meet him in the Centen nary Hall. Ho said ' You won't live long — I . won't bo long after you.' Deceased had fre quently attempted to commit suicide; on one occasion he sharpened a knife and attempted to open an artery in his arm, saying that was the easiest way to die ; she prevented him from effecting his purpose. Deceased recently said 'There will be alterations in our family within ; three months.' Evidence was given as to .deceased having dissolved the heads of four boxes of matches with chlorodyne, and then swallowed the poison ; Pritchard remarked after drinking the contents of the bottle, *? The die is cast j I'll show them I can die game.' Margaret Tomlisson, florist, gave evidence to the ?effect that deceased was her stepfather ; she saw him on the previous Sunday, when he said he wanted to see her mother and that she would see him in death before the following Sunday morning. The jury returned a verdict of suicide by poisoning. De ceased wrote a letter to Mr. Drake, shipbuilder of XSalmain, to tho effect that he was going to die, and asked him to see that he was buried properly. The. piano was stolen from the Unitarian Church, East Melbourne by burglars on Friday night. The married lady teachers in Victoria protested to the Minister of Education on Saturday against their proposed retirement. Mr. Baker replied that there was no help for them, as retrenchment was absolutely necessary. An inquest was opened at Melbourne on Saturday . on the body of Baron Roche, who was found dead in bed at the Grand Hotel on Friday. His rank of Baron was only discovered by the police in search ing through his papers, which showed that he was travelling around tbe world incog. Symptoms of poisoning were discovered at the post mortem, and the stomach has been sent to Mr. Blackett, the ? Government Analyst. The inqueBt was in the meantime adjourned. The body of a swagsmau has been picked up four, mileo-from Trentham (V.), half eaten by ants. News was received in Sydney on Saturday after noon of the safe arrival of the Royal Tar at Monte Video with the second party of the New Australian emigrants. The vessel was 53 days out, having ?finished her voyage in four days less than she took on the previous occaaion. All on board are reported well. The number of passengers this trip was ? almost 200, with a much smaller propertion of women and children than before. Of the total about 150 are able-bodied men. The Royal 'Tar cleared from Adelaide on December 31. It is reported that a better season has not been experienced at Windsor for many years, the rain , having been sufficient to. meet the requirements of tho growing crops. One local farmer, who has sent away 1000 bags of potatoes this season, averaging ? close upon £4 per ton, intends to go in more ex ? tensively next year. An effort is being made to h&ve; a hospital erected at Quirindi. Messrs. L. Coughlin and J. Well were going into Walcha a few days ago when they.espied and killed a snake. Nofcieing-thafc ifc was very.full they held a post mortem examination and discovered forty lively young snakes and eight eggs within the poisonous rflrtfilff. All the claims on the Tia River are- reported to be producing sufficient gold to piy for working, although many people without reason have lost their hopes in the field. Much praise has been .conferred, by tlie local ? newspaper to a sideboard manufactured in Tam worth of myall, which is one of the heavist, hardest, and soundest of woods, and which also gives out a remarkably pleasant odour, much disliked by moihs and other destructive vermin. Myall takes a beautiful polish, and furniture made o£ it should be wonderfully serviceable. A very large ' old man' kangaroo with lop ears was caught in the Nowra district last week. The animal weighed 2501b., measured 8ft. from the tip of its tail to its nose, tbe tail weighed 301b., tho paws were about the size of a man's hand, aud the hind claws were 14 inches in length. A plague of crickets is annoying fcho orchardists gl Central g.umlwland. A daring attempt at robbery was made on the Temora racecourse on Friday. After the races the thief entered tho committee room through a window, taking the cashbox, which contained about XI 00, and putting it under his coat walked through the door. Luckily the secretary and one of the members of the club, who were going into the room, caught the man and handed him over to the police. To prevent the disfranchisement of a number of electors in consequence of removals from one dis trict to another, the Government is considering tho advisability of introducing a short amending bill empowering tho holders of transferred elector's rights to vote at any time after the issue of the right. However, the question had arisen whether it would not be necessary for such a measure to be reserved for the Royal assent. If so, considerable delay may arise. - j By a fire which occurred in Bruce-street, Balmain, on Sunday, two cottages were destroyed and a man i named William Bunford was burnt to death. Gold coin to the value of .£10,425 was taken by the Taiyuan, which left for Hongkong on Sunday. On Saturday night the Danish barque Aarhus, from New York, struck on Smith's Rock, two miles off Capo Moreton, and sank. All hands were saved. Last Sunday Cardinal Moran blessed and opened the new presbytery adjoining the Church of St. James, Forest Lodge. The Cardinal delivered an address, in which he referred to the unemployed difficulty. The Massilia was quarantined while at Albury on account of a case of smallpox on board, a Lascar having developed the disease on the 22nd instant. While a party was out wild-pig hunting in Southland, New Zealand, two men, while in a kneeling position in advance, were mistaken in the darkness for pigs, by a youth, who fired at them, Killinir one man. a farmer, named Neil McDonald. Mr. Slafctery, Minister of Justice, speaking at Forest Lodge, said the Labour Bureau had found work for 10,000 out of 12,000 applicants. At Bedfern on Saturday a Chinaman was sent to gaol for 14 days for twisting his daughter's fingers till she screamed in agony and then muffling her face to prevent her cries being heard. A batch of publicans have' been fined Is each at Lithgow for using oil instead of gas in their front door lamps. Margaret Gillespie was on Saturday at Moree committed for trial at the Quarter Sessions on a charge of wilfully and maliciously setting fire to a hayslied and its contents. Accused was allowed bail. Peter and Martin Gillespie, son and husband respectively of the woman, were charged as accessories, but were discharged. Accused and Mr. Maloney, the owner of the hayshed, have been at loggerheads and involved in law. suits during the past five months. News from New Caledonia by the steamer Tanais stateE that violent storms and heavy floods have occurred in the interior, causing considerable damage. At a place called Onegoa tho storms were severely felt, and great losses of crops and cattle were reported by the settlers. The storms were from east to north-east and north, and continued from February 10th until the 14th. Inspectors are to be stationed in tho chief towns of New Zealand to prevent the wholesale adultera tion of spirituous liquors. Mrs. Tomkinson, a married woman, was missed with her child from Hobart five months since, and last Monday her body was found in the North Esk. It iB supposed that she was demented. The child's body has not been found. The Victorian Premier, in speaking to a deputa tion of railway employes, said that the deficit for the current financial year would be represented by about the amount of the deficiency that would be incurred in working the railways. It is estimated that this means a deficiency of £270,522. The Shamrock Hotel in William-street, Muswell' brook, next to ? the police quartets, owned by Mr J. Phillips, was burned down on Sunday morning. The fire, which originated in the kitchen, was ob served shortly after 5 o'clock, and in less than an hour the whole structure, which consisted of two stories, was destroyed. By great exertions the police station was saved. Burning cinders were carried long distances, although there was no wind, some falling on the roof of the post office premises and igniting the shingles in several places. Tho Shamrock Hotel was one of the oldest in the town and only about 12 months ago had a story added to it. Mr. Phillips's loss is estimated at £2500. A rich gold discovery is reported to have been made at Lovely Gully, near Waukaringa, South Australia. The gold is in an ironstone lode, aver aging about VOoz. to the ton. Pieces attached to the stone weighed half a pennyweight. The stone is obtained at a depth of 40ft. The race for the eight-oar championship in con nection with the South Australian Bowing Associa tion was held on the Port River on Saturday after noon. The crews competing were the Commercials, Adelaides, Port No. 1, and Port No. 2. It was not long before tho race resolved itself into a struggle I between the Commercials and Port No. 1, afid after a fine struggle the former got home by two and a half lengths. The first consignment of poultry to the London market was shipped in the R.M.S. Parramatta from Melbourne ou Saturday. There were 11 crates in all, containing 171 chickens, 44 ducklings, 64 teal 3Gwild duck, 4 curlews, 100 pair rabbits, and one ?gross hens eggs. A second shipment will be sent by the E.M.S. Cuzco. Rapid progress is being made in the shipment of frozen carcases of sheep on board the ship Timaruj at Geelong. The vessel will take away from that port 16,000 carcases. She is receiving a supply at the rate of S00 per day. mew discoveries ui guiu are reportea irom Wandiligong, Creswick, Malmsbury, and St&well;, j Victoria. Several small nuggeto have been found, and fairly well defined lodes opened up, showing gold fairly and -in some cases freely. About 700 children attending the public schools in Armidale were treated to a picnic on the show ground on Saturday. Thomas Campbell, a miner afc Taradale (Vic.'), dropped dead while on his way from work on Mon- : day morning. It was reported ;iti Melbourne that Lord aud Lady Hopetoun will leave Victoria for England next August. The report is denied in London. Captain Lee, with a party of submarine miners still remain at Newcastle. The work which took Captain Lee to Newcastle has been completed, but the inability of the torpedo launch Lillian to face the sea running aloug the coast detains him in port The sisters Ruth and Ethel Renn, who were charged in Syduey with uttering a spurious itii note, were louaa aoc fjuiicy, ana dis charged ; but tlioy were bound over to appear for trial on a similar charge when called upon. The girls averred that the noto had been given them with another by a Nyngan publican, but this the latter denied, although he recognised fcivo notes which wero produced in court as his property ; he said ho had given them with other money to one of tlio girls to mind for him, as her father was a friend of his. Tho prosecution directed against Frederick J Drew, of Sydney, for being concerned, as it was alleged, with John ICnox Mecredy and Samuel Johnston Bruce, in a conspiracy to defraud Messrs. Scheurer-Lauth and Company, of Paris, of tho sum of .£10,000, was concluded in Melbourne on Monday at the City Court, before Mr. Panton, P.M. Mr. Purves, Q.C., began his addvess for the defence in tho morning, and did not finish till the afternoon was well advanced. When he had concluded defendant waB discharged by the bench. The further hearing of the summons oase againBt Constable Arthur Edge of having assaulted a girl, Edith Stewart, was proceeded with before Mr. Smithers, S.M., at the Central Summon Court, Sydney, on Monday afternoon, when some further evidence was taken for tho dofence. After hearing it his Worship fined defendant £2 and costs, or four months, time being allowed to pay. A woman named Kate Alice Baker died while under chloroform at the Princo Alfred Hospital, Camperdown, on Monday, previous to an operation being performed on her. From many quarters come reports and rumours of the discovery of rich deposits of gold, and these reputed finds are somewhat curious and entertain ing, coming as they do so closely after the offer by the Government of £1000 reward for the discovery of a payable goldfield. A canvass of the Newcastle district is being made for New Australia immigrants by Mr. T. H. Hall, treasurer of the movement. He has already se cured some 16 persons who have subscribed the necessary sum, and have bound themselves to sail for Monte Video with the next contingent of New Australians. Among these is Mr. E, Rees, for merly trustee to the Miners' Association, and at i one time a prominent trade unionist. Miss Julia Jj arr, daughter of Archdeacon Jb arr, j left Adelaide on Monday afternoon for missionary work in Melanesia. The Government of Tasmania has served the Government of Victoria with a claim amounting to several thousands of pounds as representing Vic toria's share towards the cost of keeping tho light houses in tJass's Straits in repair. Mr. Henry Harris, the well-known Viitorian bookmaker, has been ordered to pay 7s Gd a week for the support of his child by Miss Criehton. She stated that Harris made an average of £100 per week. The Yarra Glen railway station was broken into and the safe burst open on Monday morning, but the station master had removed all his cash, and the drawers were found empty by the thieves. Several Wesleyan clergymen from the Northern district havo proceeded to Sydney to attend the annual conrerence. Work was resumed at the Matropolitan Colliery, Helensburgh, this week, the dispute having been settled. It is understood that the main provisions m the bill which is to be brought forward to amend tho Electoral Act will be that a substituted right may be obtained by an elector after three months' resi dence in a new district, and the elector will be authorised to vote so soon as he has received sueh right from the registrar of the district to which he has removed. j At a meeting of tho clergy and laity of the Church of England held in St. James's Hall, Phillip-street, arrangements were made for the reception of the Rev. F. C. Carter, M.A., canon mis3ioner of Truro, and tho Rev. Arthur L. Robin son, M.A., of All Hallows, .Barking, who will arrive here on a mission about the end of May. In the Divorce Court on Monday the Chief J ustice granted 10 decrees nisi. By the upsetting of a punt four Chinamen were drowned in the Bogan River on Sunday. It is understood that the Government has not received any invitation to send representatives to the conference proposed to be held in Canada in June. A proposal has been made to the Western Aus tralian Government by Sydney capitalists to build a railway from Mullewa to the Murchison gold fields for certain concessions. If a sufficent deposit is forthcoming, the Government will consider the prosposal. A woman named Florence Louisa Lang, aged 25, died at Mr. Osborne's chemist shop, No. 798 George !? street, on Monday afternoon, while under chloro form for the purpose of having her teeth extracted. The repairs to tho Roman Catholic Church at Murrurundi, recently greatly injured by a des tructive fire, are going on apace, and will shortly be completed. In addition a new wing is being erected. At Harwood a 14 months' old infant named Davies, drank two and a-half wineglassas of ?kerosene by accident, but it recovered with medical aid. A remarkable case of alleged fraud was heard at. the Water Police Court on Tuesday, when Thomas ? Brown, a young man, was charged with having in April last obtained £17 from Ellen W otton by ?means of a false pretence, and stolen £20 which ifc was said had been entrusted to his care. Tho prosecutrix stated in evidence the money changed hands in connection with a plot to release a con finee-from Tempe Private Lunatic Asylum without the knowledge of the authorities. The prosecutrix, WHO is an eiaeriy spinsser, expresseu a uraire to get her sister out of the asylum in question, but Brown, who had been a warder in that institution, informed her such a thing . could not be done legally. He said the liberation would have to be brought about by strategy, and induced the lady to cable fco England for £20, and first of all got £10 from her to pay a female attendant of the institution for her indispensable services in successfully carrying out the kidnapping plan ; ho then induced her to entrust £20 to him as passage money for tbd three to New Zealand; and finally £7 as a lonii for general expenses. Brown, it was alleged then took prosecutrix and a friend to New town and left them at the back gate of the Asylum stating her sister would leave by this gate and they could take her away in a cab. Prosecutrix waited an hour and a half in the pouring rain and saw no sign of her sister; neither did she sse any further sign of Brown till the other day, when ho was placed with others in the police yard for identifica tion. After further evidence had been taken, aecused was committed for trial. In another charge against the accused in which he is charged with obtaining by means of a false pretence a gold watch and chain valued at £27 Gs, tho property of William Frederick Coxon, the evidence showed that Brown in the beginning of tho new year represented to Coxon that he was em ployed in a grocery shop, and on the strength of his statement that he had a good situation ho was given the watch and chain, whioli he contracted to pay oil for by instalments, jae paid » uown, and that was all fche jewellery obtained. When arrested, Brown angrily said, ' Ifc servos Coxon right. The watch and chain wore not gold.' Brown was committed for trial, bail boing refusod in both cases. On a third charge of obtaining a lady's gold watch and chain and gold ring valued afc £1G 12s from Jacob Alfred Behrows, accused was rewpnded to fche Newtown Polico Couvfc, The Mucquarie River at- Dubbo, arid the whole ot ' the tidal waters of Manly, Curl Curl, Deewhy, and Narrabeen Lagoons, together with all bays, affluents and tributaries, have been closed against net fishing for two years. Four publicans were fined afc Ballarat (Vic.) for neglecting to efface boor cask duty stamps and for affixing well-known trade marks to inferior spirits. The Ballarat (Vic.) polico arrested two young drunken men un Thursday night, who, having crapu imiaKs iu mmr p ubkcbsiuu, were supposed to be members of an organised band of Melbourne burglars. It transpired that they wero threshing machine hands, and used the masks to protect their faces from tho dust. The striking resemblance sometimes discernible between two persons was well illustrated in a case which came under the notice of Mr. Justice Windeyer afc the Central Criminal Court. A young man had been convicted of an offence, and fcho gaol authorities identified him with a former confinee of the prison whose photograph was in their possession. Striking, however, as the likeness was ifc turned out that the authorities wore mis taken, and his Honor commenting on the matter said it only showed that tho system of photograph ing prisoners was not always to be relied upon. It was a great pity, ho added, that the Government did not introduce the metrical system in vogue in France, which ensures a perfect means of identifi cation. The apointment of Mr. Merowetlier, who for some time past acted as one of the Crown Prosecutors, to a temporary seat on the District Court bench during the absence of Judge Coffey, has been ap proved. A young lady named Elizabeth Stanley sued a man named Thomas Gunning at the Water Police Court, Syduey, for the illegal detention of a ring. Complainant said that Gunuing, who ap pears to have been a sweetheart, or at least a close acquaintance, took the ring, which was valued at about five guiueas, off her finger in May last, and since refused to return it. Gunning's defepce was that the ring had been given him by Mi6s Stanley, who had since become jealous and wanted it back. He admitted, however, that he had deprived two I other girls of rings in a similar manner, and after Mr. Addison had remarked that he was too sys tematic to be guiltless, Gunning was ordered to return the ring and pay £1 Is costs. An attempt is being made to establish a district hospital at Quirindi, but the movement is meeting with little support. Mrs. Harry Evans, of Johanna River, near Cape Otway (Vic.), was bitten on the little finger by a tiger snake on Wednesday. She immediately cut off the finger with an axe, and in her anxiety she nearly severed another finger. An effort is being made to establish freezing works at Grafton. Two teams, Messrs. Pawley and Matthias, started for Morpeth from Gunnedah on Thursday with small loads, but they have contracts up to date to bring back'll tons of goods for stores in town. Mr. Kidd, the Postmaster-General, 1' ft by the s.s. Hauroto afternoon for New Zealand, to attend the Postal Conference. H.M.S. Ringdove was recommissioned for an other three years' service on the Australian st ation* While returniug from the Temora Raees, Mr. James Mackinnon, M.L.A., and Mr. P. Heffernan, of Clear Hills, were thrown out of their buggy, which capsized. Mr. M'Kinnon had an arm broken and Mr. Heffernan was thrown on his head, the buggy passing over his back. It is estimated that the population of Victoria on the 31st December last was 1,174,022. j The Tasmauian Government will assist timber i merchants to ship a trial consignment of wooden I paving blocks to London. We 1 arn from the Works Department that water has been struck in the Bourba bore, situate be tween Connamble and Warren, at a depth of 790ft., the supply at present being 50,000 gallons per day. When the season opens in April whaling oper ations on the coast by Sydney vessels is likely to be briskly carried on. It is considered likely to be a payable speculation. The joint committee of the Methodist bodies of South Australian by 19 votes to 4 carried a motion favouring an early organic union of the Methodist churches in fche colony. The arrangements for lighting Melbourne proper with electricity are now almost complete. It is expected that during fche first week in March the new illuminant will be used in all the streets between Spencer and Spring streets and Flinders and Latrobe streets. Tho work of lighting the out lying portions of the city will be proceeded with as rapidly as possible. The work is being carried out by the municipal council. At the close of tho sitting of the Victorian Tariff Board, the chairman intimated that it was pro bable the board would agree fco recommend Parliament to amend the tariff in tho direction of ' simplification and relief where they considered duties pressed unduly on people. The finance committee of the Melbourne Metro politan Board of Works lins decided to recommend the floating of another local loan for £500, OuO. The terms to be suggested are a currency of 12 years, the minimum price slightly under par, and interest afc tho rate of 4J per cent. In fche event of the necessary authority being given, tenders v ill be receivable early in May. In pursuance of the decision of the Government to secure fco fche farmers small loans afc a low rate of interest, the Victorian Treasurer wrote to the commissioners of tho Savings Bank, informing them of the policy adopted by tho Government, and authorising them to make small advances from £200 upwards to farmers on mortgage on the security of their laud. The rate of interest to be charged is 5 per cent, per annum. Mr. Campbell, chief clerk of the Agricultural Department, has received from fche New Italy settlement a number f-f silkworm cocoons which were found in the grass. Ifc is evident fche silk worms must have fed on either the grass or the native herbage. Mr. Campbell examined tho silk, and was much surprised to find that ifc was of good qualifcv. A rathei daring fraud has, during the last week, I been committed on several well-known business firms in Sydney. The swindle is carried out apparently by one man, who hurries into a ware house or shop and asks for the loan of £1, 10s, or some other amount, representing that ho iB from another well-known house close by, and fche amount is wanted afc once for change. He leaves an I.O.U. which, of course, is valueless. The grand jury have found a true bill against the man Normoyle, who shot his wife's paramour, Knighfc, afc Newtown, Tasmania, and the trial is fixed for Tuesday. Since fche inquest Normoyle has been composed. Ho sleeps well, aud is apparently resigned to his fate. Ho expresses concern regarding Knight's wife and children, and says bo would gladly a3sist them if possible. Mrs. Normoyle is still in the hospital. The charge of attempted suicide will not be pressed. A German j named A. L. Spoucbe, who arrived from Sydney on Friday and took up his residence at tho Grand Hotel, Melbourne, was found dead in bed. Robert Mills, on Monday last convicted of shoot ing Martha Heinsly with intent to do grievous bodily harm, was brought up before Judge Windeyer this morning to receive sentence. Prisoner handed his Honor a written statement which declared the shooting was not premeditated. Accused had been left some money underjthe wTll oHiislather, 'and to show how oarnestlhis desireSwaa to make some reparation to tho girl whose life ho had nearly sacrificed, ho would have £100 paid to her. His Honor said the prisoner had been convicted of a cruel and atrocious offence. The evidence made it clear Mills was one of those persons who were a meniice^to society. A recent tragic occurrence showed how dangerous to the community are persons who go about threatening people with firearms. Prisoner said the act was not premeditated but the evidence shown was sueh that he could not conceivo a more aggravated or brutal case of inflict ing bodily harm, and he had no doubt but that prisoner intended to murder the girl. No woman's life was safe under such circumstances, and the community was not safe if persons of ill-regulated minds were permitted to carry revolvers about in thib way. The sentence of the Court was that Mills be kept in penal servitude for fifteen years. Mills : Will you allow me to serve the sentence in Maitland Gaol ? His Honor : No, I shall not. Society shall be kept safe from you because I be lieve you are a dangerous man. Mills: Will you allow me to petition ? His Honor -. No, sir. The three little girls who disappeared from their home at Essendon, Victoria, on Wednesday morn ing, ciao oniy in meir nigut ciotnes, turned up in a lialf-sfcarved condition. They said they had been enjoying themselves, A fiirmer named M'Murtrie, living near Peters burg, S.A, has lost seven of his family, including his wife, from diphtheria, in five days. The State school at Laura has been closed owing fco ail epi demic of diphtheria. A middle-aged man named Samuel Gannon was sentenced to six months imprisonment at the Cen tral Criminal Court for forging the name of his brother Henry Gannon, a solicitor at Goulburn, fco a cheque for £2. A charge has been made by Alderman Hariis, of the Sydney City Council that some of his brother aldermen have become either directly or indirectly interested in contracts with the council, and there fore improperly holding seats in it. The death is announced of Mr. C. W. Roberts, of Sydney, who was well-known in mercantile cireles, and who was a few years back one of the best rifle shots in the colony. He was father of the Hon. C. J. Roberts, C.M.G., M.L.C., four other sons, and three daughters. The deceased gentle man was 72 years old. A peculiar charge was heard against an icecream vendor named Henry Fisher at the Carlton Police Court, Victoria. He disturbed the congregation of Sfc. George's Church by ringing a bell afc the door and bawling out ' ice cream' while the service was on. Mrs. Louisa Ellis in Melbourne obtained a verdict for £50 against the bookmaker Joe Cohen for striking her in the street. The de fendant declared that it was an accident, and stated that the action was an attempt to blackmail. The Judge said ifc was evident perjury had been com mitted. Mr. Thomas M'Court, an auctioneer, of Millieent, South Australia, has been left £27,000 by an uncle in New York. Mr. Want, M.L.A., does not always express his meaning. He said the other evening that he did j not believe in hitting a man behind his back when he was not present ! The petition against the election of Sir Robert Stout to the New Zealand Houbo of Representa tives has been quashed on a technicality. When the House was discussing Mr. Hindle's notorious speech, Mr. Crick gave expression to a very characteristic if not creditable ambition which he alleges he possesses. Said the member for West Macquarie : ' I have been tight before, and I hope to be tight many a time again.' In reply to a deputation which waited upon him Mr. Copeland said that the Government would endeavour to have the Mining on Private Lands Bill recommitted in the Upper House, with tbe object of getting tin and antimony insetted. If they failed in getting that the only course would be to reinstate them in the bill when it came back from the Council. Mr. Copeland further intimated that, failing any satisfactory result from this either by conference or otherwise, he would not hesitate to fall back on the law as it stood, and advise the Governor that whenever gold and tin or go'd and antimony was associated, they should take advantage on the reservation in the Crown grants of all land conditionally purchased. Mr. Jones, Acting Uhiet Inspector of Stock, is convinced that the greater portion of the losses of sheep which have occurred in various districts are not occasioned by anthrax, but by antoinia, conse quent upon dropsical affection induced by fluka ia an advanced stage. He believes that much loss may be averted by a change of treatment. I The strike at the Metropolitan Colliery was settled last night, the terms agreed to being 2s Id all round. The miners lia/e, theiefore accepted a reduction of 2d all round on the rates paid prior to the 20fch January. adoug «u,uuu electors ngnts nave oeen nuea in and the work of distribution has begun. Two additional and beautiful chambers have been discovered at Jenclan caves. A man named William Roberts, was engaged on H.M.V.S. Cerberus received terrible injuries by fche bursting of a fly wheel on board that vessel, an ear and one arm had to be amputated. A woman named JSlizabeth txould, carrying on business in Melbourne as *' herbalist,' was fined £5, with £8 8s costs, for carrying on busi ness as a druggist, contrary to to the provisions of the Pharmacy Act. The specific act was that she sold pills compounded of drugs. Mr. Nicholson, P.M. said that if another case of a sini'lar description came before him, he would make the penalty im prisonment without the option of a fine. Tbe adjourned inquest on the body of G. H. Knight, who was shot dead in Launceston on Tues day by Thos .Normoyle, was held on Thursday. In answer to the coroner, Mrs. Normoyle said that she had been unfaithful to her husband. After taking 1 jDoison Normoyle tried to save her by administering einetice to her. The jury returned a verdict of wilful murder, with a strong recommendation to mercy on the grounds of extenuating circumstances and extreme provocation. Normoyle was then com mitted for trial. He received the announcement with the utmost indifference. Charles Stewart and Henry M'Cormick were before the Adelaide Polico Court yesterday for dis turbing the peace and insulting behaviour. The defendants had been leading a mob of the unem ployed. They were sent: to gaol for 14 and 10 days respectively. Dr Ashburton Thompson has visited Aberdeen to inquire into the cause of the outbreak of typhoid there. The Scone hospital is full of patients prin cipally suffering from typhoid from Aberdeen. A man named J. Braid, a traveller, of Melbourne^, attempted suicide in the South Esk, Launceston, on Thursday, by throwing himself into the river. He was seen standing on the bank reading a letter, which he tore up and threw into the water, and then jumped in. Two girls in a boat attempted to rescue him, but ho resisted and they called for assistance, lie was then Hshed out with a prop stick aud locked up. Braid made a second attempt at suicide when in the hospital, by cutting his throat with a table knife. He has since thea been placed under fche charge of fche police. Tha two wounds he inflicted on himself were sewn up I against his will. He says he will take his own life i as soon as he can. A prize fight was brought off in private between E. Kelly and J. H. Wilkinson, formerly a well-known pedestrian, in this town, on Friday afternoon. The men were engaged in the butchering trade. Tho fight was fixed to settle a personal squabble. Kelly defeated Wilkinson. A report of the proceedings was published in Table Talk, the local society papery, this morning ; and Wilkinson visited the editor's oiuce ano violently assaulted him. In the scrimmage A. S. Manders sustained some rough treatments. The office windows were smashed. The affair caused considerable sensation. A warrant has been issued for Wilkinson's arrest. The police also propose fco prosecute both contestants in the prize fight. A deputation from the Victorian Railways Locomotive Union waited upon the Chief Secre tary to protest against contemplated further dismissals of employes. Mr. Patterson, in reply,, said the matter was one for the Minister of Railways to deal with. He hoped ifc would not: be necessary to dismiss any more men. The Government were determined to maintain efficiency in rolling stock, and he admired the way in which, the railway employes had submitted fco the reduc. tion. News of a shooting affray comes from Cuballongj.. Plantagent, Western Australia. A half-caste shot a man named John Fitzgerald because ho interfered to prevent a woman being beaten. There is little hope of Fitzgerald's recovery. The report of the permanent heads of the Vic torian Government Departments on the question o£ further retrenchment are to the effect that owing to the drastic retrenchment made by fche Govern ment some months ago there is riot much room now for still further reducing the expenditure. A burglary occurred at the Crystal Hotel, Brokes Hill, on Sunday morning. A safe containing £20CJ was removed bodily from the bar-room, and taken to a vehicle and driven off. A black tracker hag endeavoured to trace the vehicle, but without suc cess. -Kooerc i'liompson, alleged to have robbed Mary Moloney, a settler's wife from Lismore, of a purse - containing £13, was to-day committed for trail, f The Colonial Treasurer lia3 prepared two returns ' showing the quantities and approximate values of goods carried during the last year from ports and places in New South Wales to other ports in fche colonies, via the colonies of South Australia and Victoria. The first return deals with the Riverina district by rail from the River Murray eo uieioourne, tuence by sea to Sydney and New castle. The quantities are : Wheat, 201,808 bushels, value £27,720; bran, 1992 bushels, £60; pollard, GO bushels, £2 ; flour, 896 tans, . £7000; personal effects, 10 packages, £30. Total value £34,818. A company has been formed at Wentworfch to take over from the Irrigation Trust 3000 acres of land, . and work it on fche co-operate principle. The Wesleyan Annual Conference commenced' on Tuesday in Melbourne. The Rev. S. T. Withy was elected President. 