O&e; ¿#plmfp áMürm'njj- fcfiafö. SATURDAY, JANUARY 6, 1891, IT is understood that oertain democratic mem ben who hare been approached haye sis/uified their willingness to give a general support to the Vornmeut, and that, in the opinion of the Fre- on »when tho Assembly meets business will go Goverto1»*- Consequëutly itis tho intention of the and*>me"\íto press on with the Bank Notes Bill " >r important measures. SIB GKOBX * , , , . , . . , seo fair play tó^w» «ociares that he« going to the contingent >l«bour party. Ho avers that tho National AssooisiÇropoiul is being got up hy and he announces tfikjo dish the labour piirty, anything to do with thatVis not BoinK*° uave that it is ono of Mr. Heid'« ¡«fjhing. He says SrEAKiHO at Breken Hill lastt -- M.L.A., maintained that the GS${t. Mr. Cann, _i__? -^ont would have the wme difBonltíei to faca on the reas- sembling of Parliassent a« befare Hie prorogation, and he expressed the hope that a general election would taite place immediately (he new Electoral Act waa ready. Xe said that he-would bitterly oppose the Bank Notés Bill. THE If arquii of Ripon, Secretary of Stan» for the Colonies, has cabled to the Go Tamo rs af the Australiau ooletiies expressing the hearty gratifi- cation of the Dake and Duchess of York at the inTitatien from the Australian Prämier«, bnt stating that circumstances at present prsveat the possibility of their accepting it. In offioial circles the opinion prevails that the Duke and Duchess of York will make a strong effort to visit Australia in 1895. Tas London banks consider that the acheson of the New Zealand Government to guarantee loans on mortgage to fanners is highly injudicious, and beyond the previnoe of goTcrnment. TJKDIE the leadership sf Hr. Torn Mann, the minority sf the English Labour Commission is preparing a report recommending legislation upon certain subject«, including those of eight heure fer misers and provision for enforcing the decisions af boards of conciliation. MB. H. H. Aetturra, the Home Secretary, has inforraeá Hr. Jahn Burns that the Government will next session introduce legislation against un- reasonably long hours of labour. IHTESTSS oeld prevails in England and on the Continent. Several persans have been frozen to death in Paris, Berlin, and Munich. KINO) HDICBUT of Italy has invested his private fortune, amounting -te £3,390,000, with Messrs. Rothschild in London. Tars Parish Councils Bill has been passed through committee in the House of Commons, but will be reoonunitted in ardor to enable the new and postponed clauses to be dealt with. /(At i meeting of the Australasian Federal League, held at the Town Hall yesterday, Dr. Quick, of the Bendigo branch of the league, ex- plained the principles »f a bill adopted by his branch, providing for the representation of Victoria at an .Australasian Congress ta create a constitution fer the federation ot the coléales,' and for the roferenot) of such coaititution te the vote of the people. \- PiancDXaBS of the proposal for the holding of a federal cengress, as outlined by Dr. ftuiok, will be found elsewhere. THE French Government haa given orders for the building of 41 line-of-battle ships and cruisers. TK> jurymen before whom Vaillant, the anar- chist who perpetrated the dynamite outrage in the Frenoh Chamber of Deputies, is hoing tried, have been threatened with death if they convict the prisoner. IN London Broken Hill Proprietary shares ore quoted at £2 13s Dd. 'IKE American Federation at Labour declares that there are 3,000,000 wage earners unemployed in the United States, exclusive of trades unionists. Ai a special general meeting of tho members of the Sydney Mechanics' School of Arts, held last night, a motion expressing indignation at the un- satisfactory financial petition of the institution was carrie« by a large majority. MB. RICHARD TEECK, the president of the insti- tution, said he would consult with the committee as io what course should, be aaepted. DUBING. 1893, £14,127 3s lOd was spent on the unemployed in the shape of fares, passages, and shelter, and the grants to charitable institutions amonnted to £137,097. Ar Moama yesterday a Chinaman was convioted sf having evaded the pell tax. .He was ordered to pay £100 poll tax and £90 fine, or go to gaol for two years. On Wednesday night Mrv Joseph Wellington, a selector 'in tho Deniliquin district, was struck dead by lightning. TOE R.M.S. Valetta arrived at Adelaido yester- day morning from London, two hours in advance of contract time. Her mails for the eastern colo- nies were forwarded by the afternoon train. ALDEBXAN FRANOIS BOOXUI was yesterday elected aa the representative of tho City Connoil on the Water and Sewerage Board, in succession to the late Alderman J. D. Young. ? Tn death of the Duchess of Argyll it announced. FOB the year 1893 the receipts of the Water and Sewerage Board «mounted to £266,176, being an increase on tho previous year of £6398. YESTERDAY afternoon the manager of the Metro- politan Colliery at Helensburgh gave the miners 14 days' notice of a reduction af 4d per ton in the hewing rate. THE Agent-General for New Zealand has been instructed to support the endeavour to get the Imperial Government te subsidise the Vanoouver service. AT an inquest held at Inverell Ponds Creek on Thursday on the body of George Frederick Mitchell, who was shot dead on the 3rd instant, the jury returned a verdict of wilful murder against Hugh Costello, A BICH Und of gold is reported to have heeu made on the Wadham lease at Cue, Western Australia. DOUINQ a heavy thunderstorm at Mudgee last evening, Mr. Haydock, the post and telegraph master, was struck senseless by lightning. Ho soon recovered. THIS Stockton miners have decided to stand out,, but not to withdraw their tools from tho pit until the dispute has been submitted to the district for its deoisien. Two miners namod Roes and Argue were killed by an oxplosisn of dynamite at the Lady Belle gold mine, Nana Creek, yesterday. IK the Stock and Share market yesterday, Union Bunk shares sold at au udvante of f, Aus- tralian Joint Stock Bank shares improved slightly, and a little business was done in negotiable de- posits of tho Commercial Banking Company of Sydney. RATHEB a better tone was noticeable in the Im- port market yesterday, though not much business was done. No sales were reported in the Mining market yesterday. The Customs receipts yesterday amountod to £5027. Towards this the 10 per cent, ad valorem duty contributed £229 and the 15 per cent. £45. So far as the public interest is con- cerned, it is to bo regretted that so much zeal, ingenuity, ink, and paper should be expended upon the controversy whether licensed publicans haye or have not a statutory right to the renewal af their lioensos, when tho abandonment of extreme views and a willingness to accept a reasonable compromise might have caused a substantial reduction in the number of liconsod houses years ago, and so far have diminished the temp- tations to excessive drinking. Doubtless the question of right is an important one, because the further question o£ compensa- tion or no compensation, if local option were extended to renowal8,dopendsin some degree upon it. If the holder of a license has a statutory right-on compliance with 1 the conditions-to its renewal, he has also a right to fair consideration if provision is made for rofusing renewal, without further reason than the will of a local option majority. But the misfortune is that we do not get any nearer to a settlement of this question of right as the result of tho correspondence in the papers. The difficulty cannet be authoritatively removed by quot- ing the conflicting opinions of emi- nent counsel or Ministers of Justice. Appeal to Quarter Sessions is not allowed ia such oases. What we really want to hear is the voice of the Supreme Court ; and if there be any means of obtaining an authoritative decision from the Supreme Court that would place the controversy in a bettor light. In the absence of that the surest way to practical results would be to admit that the licensees have a just olnitn to consideration. That would not neces- sarily commit the country to the prin- ciple of pecuniary compensation, which, if granted, -would make the extension of local option to renewals of no effect. We have, ia the case of pastoral lessees, adopted the principle of allowing com nensatitu for improvements in tho form of I aa extended tenon, and that- principie could be applied, as was proposed a few years ago, to the .case ot the licensed publicans also. One reason for the tendenoy to inter- minable discussion upon the question of legal rieht is to be found in th« influence upon the minds af the combatants of self interest on tho one side, and of excited feeling on the other. Another reason is to be found in the provisions of the law whioW it is hard to harmonise. On the side ot the licensees attention ia triumphantly directed to the 42nd clause, which seems to confer the right of re« newal-when conditions are complied with-in express terms. To that the reply is that the 42nd clause must not be taken by itself, and must be under- stood in the light of other clauses which place the matter in a different aspect. Section42 provides that "subject to objection " the licensee shall be entitled to a certificate authorising renewal Upon this is quoted the opinion of a leadintr barrister that " whet we look at these objeotions we find that they are not only objections of a specific kind, but towards the end of sec- tion SG, which deals with these objections, there are these words :-4 Any objection whatsoever, not being a frivolous or vexa- tious objection, may be taken which appears to the Licensing Court or magistrate to be sufficient.'" And then he argues that no one can say that the magistrates have no discretion as to renewal of licenses. On the other hand, we havo the opinion of another learned counsel, now falling a judicial position, that 41 the discretion of the Court under this section (42) is not au absolute dis- cretion, but limited by express words which only take away tho licensee's i right to renewal in speoific cases." I But the question is not to be ¡determined by saying what objeotions J may be taken and what may not. Neither I is it to be assumed that what - is termed the magistrate's discretion is to be the j magistrate's caprice. If an objection is taken, the magistrate has to deal with it i iudioiallv, and be satisfied whether it is or ia not upheld by the evidence. When the objection . is not supported by the evidence it is the magistrate's duty to set it aside. And what is he then entitled, in th« exercise of his discretion, todo? The term in the section, "sub- ject to objection," may have the widest interpretation given to it ; but even then it could not be held to mean-sub- ject to objections unproved or dis- proved. The right of the licensee under the section is subject to. objec- tions mot merely taken, but made good by evidence, and, when they are not made good by evidence to the magistrate's satis- faction, his discretion as to the issue or the refusal of the certificate disappears. But this does not end the matter. The licensee is, subject to objection, entitled to obtain ' a certificate. But if no objection be made, we do not think any ono can say that the magistrate has any discretion then.. 'The law ex- pressly provides that when thero is not any notice of objection the applicant for renewal need not personally appear. The reason for that is that when there is no objeotion the magistrate acts ministerially, and not judicially. Ho has nothing to decid». But this is what happens in the majority of cases! Appli- cations are made, objections are not taken, tho certificates issue, but they issue as a matter of right. Tho question whether, when tho conditions of tho law are ful- filled, the licensee gets his certificate as a matter of right is answered by the general practice. The right given by the law is not destroyed for those who comply with it by the refusal of certificates to those who have ¿ot complied with it, or whose cases are met by proved objections. When -renewals not objected to are granted, it is no more by the discretion of the magistrate than as a matter of per aonal iavour. \ Boform ia the licensing law is not pro- moted, it is hindered, when those who appear to be its advocates aim at im- possible results and take up untenable positions. The law, whatever it may be, is the law for the whole community, and its. form is not td be deter- mined by organisations dominated by their own extremo notions, or by other organisations fighting for their own in- terest. In matters affecting the whole community sad involving conflicts of opinion and interest, those who refuse to accept a reasonable compromise are [likely to be left without the chance of accepting anything. And if the agitators are really desirous of the good of the community, they should see on reflec- tion that by quarrelliag with each other, and wasting strength over the unattain- able, they are not only earning disappoint- ment for themselves, but they are delaying tho advancement of the public interest. Looking back a little on the season of school-speeches we have just passed through, and the amount of wise counsel and acute observation of tho work- ing of our educational institutions which the occasion has called forth, some remarks by the Ohiof Justico of Victoria seem to stand out as worthy of special notice. It is not that they call attontion to any new thing, or that Sir JOHN MADDEN has offered any very novel or original suggestion on au old point. Tho actual fact of tho matter, indeed, - is that we are rather too familiar with what lie remarked upon, but the subject is important enough in itself to make any reference to it im- portant also. It is tho old subject of tho Australian " twang "-that sloven- liness of speech among schoolboys and schoolgirls, as well as the adult native born, which makes them mispronounce certain vowels, enunciate through their noses, and in other ways clip and deface tho coinage of English speoch, Any com- petent person whose ear for correct Eng- lish has been ever so slightly culti- vated may judge for himself how widespread these habits are-so much so that they threaten to become ns charac- teristic of Australian spoeoh as the nasal " twang" is of that of the New Englander. Yet tho curious feature of tho situatiou is that side by side with this rank weod there are growing up a correctness of grammatical construction, a command of words, and a comparative absence of vulgarisms and dialect-slang in conversa- tion which promise well for the futuro of the English tongue as it will be spoken in this part of the world. Those things, of course, are the result of the excellent com- mon-school system of the colonies, to which, spending as we do upwards of two millions Bterliug annually, wo aro fairly entitled to look for some such result by this time. To be sure, the pity is tho greater that the result should bo marred by this unfortunate blemish of which com- plaint is now again made. For it will be to little purpose that we are able to boast of the superiority in spoken speech of Australian youth over an average of any other portion of the population of the British dominions, if we have only ox changed ono set of cockneyisws, brogue, burr, dialect, or accent, for a " twang " of home-growth. ... We read that Sir JOHN- MADDEN urged his hearers to cultivate a habit of pro-: nouuoing English vawels as th«y were intended, and to give th« nose as small a share in the process as possible. That suggests what is really at the root of the trouble. If any observer were asked what he regarded as. the most patent blemish in Australian speech he would at once proceed, to talk about the maltreat- ment to which tho vowel " a " and th« [diphthong "ow" aro commonly and most unjustifiably subjected. To speak of "race" as "rice," and "James" as "Jimes," are familiar evidences of the way the vowel is misused, and every- one who has heard a schoolboy read knows how muoh.easier he finds it to say " neow " than " now." We are quite familiar with this sort of thing, and the question is how does it arise, and how are we to get rid of it. There are two or three answers to tho former part of the question. The " coster " songs which have come into vogue of late years furnish us with one of them, and a little consideraren will suffloo to trace most of our vulgarisms to their original source in the conversation of the scores of thou- sands of immigrants who have helped to make up our population during the last forty years, and who, of course, brought their characteristic modes and peculiarities of speech with thom. It is perhaps not too much to say that the fruits of our primary school system have been partly corrupted by unavoidable contact with this lower order of the speech of Cockagne. It is in the nature of things, of course, that this Bhould he so, but the defender of Australian speeoh who wèuld put this argument forward as an excusé for its shortcomings would only cover half the ground. To be quite candid in the matter it would have to be ad- mitted that, though tho Australian youth has been somewhat unfairly handicapped by bad models, his own slovenliness and want of interest in the heritage of British speech whioh has descended to him are quite as muoh to blame. Nor is it altogether certain that his teachers' want of interest and careless- ness in tho matter are not also to be bracketed with them. It is not an uncommon thing to find the faults com- plained of in tho speech of the teaohers themselves, or to hear in our schools in- struction and precept delivered with an unmistakable twang. It is here, then, that the evil must be mot. We have no con- trol over the outside influences answerable for the corruption of Australian speech, but so far as'it is traceable to a want ol' I knowledge, or a want of intorest, on the part of teachers and taught, we have it in our power to cope with the mischief on its own ground. ' There is no doubt that slovenliness iu speaking is responsible for much of this corruption of Bpeech. The Australian youth is as well equipped with natural advantages for the battle of lifo as youth is anywhere. It is to his credit that he develops his muscle by exercise, and that ho has . results to show , for the trouble he has taken. But he should be taught to perceive that tho organs of speech require cultiva- tion and management as well, and that their correot management is worth all the trouble it costs. If a schoolboy could once be taught that his organs of speech belang to him, and are capable of cultivation and control,, iastoad of being left to use thew as a sort of mechanical con- trivance only, he wauld not long bo found pronouncing " a " aa " i," or " ow " as " eow," or letting his words aud sentences drift through his nose. Nor would a State school teacher with any feel- ing of his business be content to listen to the maimed and trunoated syllables if he could be just once brought to undorstaad th st a little direction and practice would give his pupils as muoh command over their vocal organs as they ' have over their hands in rowing or playing cricket. It is because a boy has not taken th» trouble to open his mouth and contra! his articula- tion that his pronunciation of the word " race " falls on the ears of his auditors as if it were written " rice," and tho last word on tho subject of careless articulation is said when it is admitted that a class of schoolboys read with a distinct nasal intonation. It is right that persons whoso status in the commu- nity gives them a claim to bo respectfully listened to should. speak up and call attention to this matter. The practice complained of may not bo a characteristic yet, and we would be sorry to think it was. But a practice of this kind does not take long to grow into a habit, and suck habits have an unfortunate tendenoy to become fixed. To allow such a calamity to take place through neglect of the small measure of precaution necessary to prevent it would be te show ourselves unworthy of the heri- tage we enjoy. For the English tongue the tongue that SHAKESPEARE spoke is a noble instrument. It is not a thing to be spiled by all ignoble use. Tho grace and charm aad power of English speech are not to bo lost sight of, and it should be a sacred duty of those charged . with tho direction of our educational concerns to soe that the value of a correct sentiment on this sub- ject is insisted on in the school course In a democratic community like ours the power of speech goos for a good deal, but even as tho medium of daily sooial inter- course what concerns its purity and cor- rectness cuu never bo a mnttor of small importance to those charged with the instruction of youth._ The marking of imported meat is still a subject of interest in Eugland. Lord ONSLOW, the late Governor of Now Zealand, immediately upon resuming his seat in the House of Lords, in- troduced to that Chamber the ques- tion of so marking dead meat when imported into Great Britain that the place of origin could bo distinguished. He obtained a select committee of poers, and this body sat with much assiduity, taking ovidenco from mauy persons connected witli tko trude. There has j ust been pub- lished tho report of this committee, sup- plemented by tho evidence. This document amplifies the substance of cablegrams, and tho miuutes given of testimony from experts show in tho barest light the dishonesty practised by tho retail trade in London and other contres of population. Tile English buyer, tho English producer, aud tho foreign exporter aro all alike involved iu tho loss occasioned by these praotioes. Major STAOPOOLE, on authority in army rationing, said that the Weat End butchers charge ls 2d por pouud for tho primest joints of refrigerated beef, refri- gerated moat being preferred to frozen, and they pay for this meat no more than 4\<l per pound. That is ono form of injustice. The buyer does not got what he pays for, tho middleman pookots the ditieronoe, and the real pro- ducer gets neither the credit nor the profit of his article. But not only is imported meat subjected lo this fraud, English meat is made to replace the cheaper and, ÇreBumably, inferior foreign produce.' 'hus, poor people ask for imported beef, not being ablo to afford the high - prioes of supposed home-grown meat and haring conquered the prejudice against the foreign supply. They do not gat im- ported flesh, but instead they haye retailed to them "something English af inferior quality-home - killed' bruits and't old cows.!' Here again is fraud, for, though . the profit of the middleman may be small, ' the buyer does not get what he imagines he is getting, and an unjust prejudice against foreign meat is fostered by th« inferior character of that supplied. A. third deception ' exists by which other Boor people who have not sur» mounted their distaste to American and colonial beef a«d mutton, and who buy what they suppose to be good quality British moat, are likewise supplied with English " old cow beef and bull beef," .' which is inferior to imported, and ought ? to be sold to them at about 4d per pound, j Such are some of the disclosures of this j evidence. And these are among the considerations I which underlie the demand now made, in j England that meat should be brought under the provisions of the Merchandise Marks Act. The intention is that the English importer or retailer of meat mutt show upon the carcases the inscrip- tion "grown in Canad«, Argentina, or Australia," BS tho caso may be, just aa the English importer of other foreign pro- ducts must label them "made in Ger- many" or elsewhere. There is a proteo» tionist incidence in the demand, but tb« main thing is to «asure that what is exposed and sold in public «hall be what it purport« io be and not something different. To that we can have no objection. The producer in this part of the world desires no deception either ia his own interest or against it. We do hot find a producer of wine wishful ti> place his vintages before the public as French or Portuguese. We do not learn that- the exporters from th» Antipodes represent their butter aa Danish, their oheese as Canadian. The Tasmanian [ shipper does not sell his apples a« home- grown, whatever the London retailer may do. Quite the contrary. The Victorian Government, as' well as^that of South Australia, examines, certi- fies, and stamps the butter shipped by Victorian and South Australian producers respectively. Winemakers not only desire a new and local nomenclature for their wines, but it is proposed that a distinctive bottle should be used. Similarly with our meat. The evidence of Lord ONSLOW'S committee showed that whea imported and home- grown meats were exposed for salo under their.own proper names, the order of precedence was this : -Scottish and other best home-killed mutton. Continental mutton, home-killed beef, American-killed beef, New Zea- land mutton, Australian beef, and lastly River Plate and Australian mutton. But when , the flesh is vended without guarantee we find the state of things as detailed before ; in other words, tho English buyer perceives ho difference at nil between the imported meat (which he buys for British) and the home-grown meat itself. If then this class, so convinced of the inferiority of the foreign product that they will pay three times as much for iiome-grown moat, are con- tent with what is supplied to them, where does the |inferi«rity come in ?J Evidence abounds in this report that the best English trade is largely Supplied with im- ported mutton and beef, in Southport, whoro there aro 54 butchers, not more than three English animals are killed in one week. In a " very large West-end place " during twolve months on» witness deposed that he did not soe more than six hind- quarters of Scottish beef. And so on. Tho foreigner, intelligent or not, would be apt upon this evidenco to conclude that either tho difference so long insisted upon between English moat and, say, colonial does not oxist at all, or if it does, it exists among ss limited a class and to such an insignificant oxtent that it may fer prac- tical purposes bo held as non-existent. De nut ajiparentibus et non exislentibut («dem est ratio is a sound maxim in law. That explains the special interest we have in the proceedings of tho select com- mittee. If the Englishman will pty ls 2d per pound for refrigerated meat, whion we now sell at about 4Jd, it is much to be desired that our producers get some- thing more thgn 4¿d. If not, we still stand to gain the bigger inarkot that graziers Iii this part of tho world have Jong been aiming for. Once this slow-dying ' prejudice against Australian meat dis- appears, or even becomes extensively mortified, it is but reasonable to anti cipato that the domaud will be greater I than ever. It may be freely admitted [ that some improvements aro called for before this consummation is reached. Those improvements iu breeding, fatton I ing, butchering, and transit will 110 doubt follow. lu the year just past a remark- able upward movement in tho trade has boen apparent. Our .graziers have applied themselves to breeding tho New Zealand type of sheep, combining large carcase with good dip. Tha experiments made iu '.Riverina for the guipaient of best mutton promise well. Mr. GEDDES has dono useful work in con- junction with other Australian agents in the way of persuading foreign consumers, \ such as the War Offices of France and Ger- many, to test colonial meat for army rations. Tho British army on certain foreign garrisons will take a portion of the yearly supplies from Australia. All these things oucourage the hope that our ex- porters will riso to the opportunity before them. By maintaining the excellence of their product, while holding to that choapncss of production which mild winters, natural fodder, and cheap land give thew, and at the same'time by meeting in all reasonable respects the tastes and customs of the English and foreign consumer, there is the potentiality of great growth and prosperity in this ono item of our pastoral industry. POSTAL NOTKS.-Tho Postmaster- General, Mr. Kidd, has had a return prepared showing the number uud amount of postal notes paid in Now South Wales from the inauguration oí tho system ou the 1st October last to tho 30th December. This return ano wa that in October 13,451 notes wore paid to the value of ¿6082. lu November 19,348 notes wore paid to tho value of £R233._ lu ' Docembor 22,081 notes were paid, tho value beiujr £8826. This makes a total for the quurtir'of 54,883 noten, valued st , £23,141. It will bo noticed from the figures that there is a steady murellie iu tho popularity of the system as it hecomos hotter known. During th» same quartor thero wera issued in thc adjscout colonies, and paid in Now South Wales, 3083 postal solos to the vnluo of £1480, Disking a grand total of 58,560 notes, valued at £24,621, tho avorago I >nluo of tho notes being about 12s. FAKCELS POST.-A return prepared te tho order j of tho I'oatuiaster-Geueral shows that from 1st Ootober, wheu tho pareáis post wus inaugurated, te i 30th December no less than 41,718 purcels were ' dealt with ut tho contra! purcols office. Tho weight of those purcels was 125,5241b., or I about 56 tons, and the postage was £2428. The details show that for October there I were 11,004 pnrools, with a total weight of 32,4091b., tho postage being £642. The number of parcels received from other offices was 5517. I Poi- November thar* were 13,551 parcels, weighing 39,6871b.;.the portage being £793, and the paree from other offices numbering 6720. For Decembi , , there were 17,163 parcela, weighing 53,4271b L the postage being £992, and the parcels fro 1' other offices 9086. Aa analysis of the flguri p shows that in November there was an inórense i [, 2547 parcels, as compared with October, sad i \ Deoember there was an inorease of 3612 paroo !', oompared with the previous month. The nveraa, i weight of the paroela is about 31b. Detail« ; , figures show, aa might be expected, that durin [ ' the week before Christmas the business was near! 1 doubled. FINANCES op THE COLONT.-The Colonial Trei j surer has had soma figures prepared dealing wit \ the revenue and expenditure during the pai ' few years. Hr. Soe finds that during 18Í £14,127 3s lOi was spent on the unemployed i the shape of fares and passages, sbelte: rations, and relief to ? destitute familie The grants to charitable institutions i the colony for 1893 amount to £137,59; Some figures in regard to the loan expenditui show that the sums spent under this hoading wei asfelloWB.--1890, £2,141,000 ; 1891, £4,835,000 1892, £3,014,000 ; 1893, £1,915,000. Bepuymeni pf loans during 1890 amounted to £718,000 during 1891 te £246,000 ; during 1892 t £1,799,000 ; and during 1893 to £40,300. Th authorised expenditure as per ,Ways an Heans for 1890 was £9,580,647; and th actual revenue was £9,494,584. .The authorise expenditure for 1891 was £10,586,000, and th actual revenue £10,047,000. For 1892 tl authorised expenditure was £11,031,000, and th revenue £10,508,000. For 1893 tho authorise expenditure was £9,727,000, and the aotui revenue £9,740,000. These figures, Hr. See eayi show that the present Government has exercise 'economy both in expenditure from loans and froi revenue. The revenue so far this year is aboi the samo as during the first few days of lat year. WATER AND SEWS RAGE BOAUD ELECTION.-i ballot for the sleotion of a representative of th City Council on the Water and Sewerage Board to fill the position rendered vacant through th death of the Hon. J. D. Young, M.L.O., wa taken between the bears of ll a.m and 1 p.m. at the Town Hall Tester day. There were originally four candidates ; bu Aldermen Sydney Burdekin and Matthew Harri subsequently withdrew from the contest. Th candidates who went to the poll were Aldermei .'Frsncis Buckle and Henry Chapman, and th ^Mayor (Sir W. P. Manning, H.L.A.) was the re ' turning officer. The electors were the Hayer am aldermen of the City Counoil, and 23 out sf the 2 votes were recorded. Alderman Franois Buckl was declared elected by 13 to 10 votes. REVENUS OP THE WATER AND SEWEBAOB BOAST -The finanoial statement for the year 1893"pre sented at yesterday's meeting of tie Water am Sewerage Board showed that the revenue up t 29th December had been £266,176 4s. The re ' ceipts for the year 1892 up to 30th Deoember wer ? £259,777 15s ld, showing an increase daring 189: , of £6398 8s lld. THE ENGLISH HAILS.-The mails dated London '? 1st December, ex R.M.S. ' Valetta, will be du here on Honday next, in time for dolivery at thi Post Office windows and to the private boxe at about 9.30 a.m., by the city letter-carriers a 11.30 a.m., and in the suburbs about 2 p.m. THE FUENOH HAIL STEAMEH.-This mernin¡ the Messageries Maritimes mail steamer Villo di la Ciotat, from Marseilles, is duo at daylight, hu will not probably be berthed at the Quay before I o'clock. She has 124 passengers for this port aw Noumea, and will. continue her voyage to Nev Caledonia on Monday. The voyage, inoluding al stoppages, has occupied from Marseilles to Sydnej but 34 days. A report of the trip to hand by mai states that enjoyable weather prevailed te Capí Lcuwin. OS that stormy Australian landmurl tho steamer ran into rough seas and heavy goles but was soon again into sunny skies and smooti water. Captain A. Fiasohi is in command of thi mail steamer. THE VINE DISEASES ACT.-As there seems U be some uncertainty regarding the working of thi .Vine DisoaseB Act in tho Cumberland district, thi secretary of tho Vine Diseases Board states that persons having ono vine must register under t penalty of £5. One vine will be assessed as at acre, . and it depends on the rate struck by th< board as to the amount the owner of a single vine will be called upon to par. PEESENTATIOX TO Mn. R.T. BELLEMEY.-Mr. R, T. Bellemey,who recently retired from tho positior. of alderman of the Newtown Municipal Council, has received from the Mayor of Newtown (Alder- man W. Bigg) an illuminated address, which wa! adopted by tho counoil for presentatien to Mr. Bel lemey. The address.which was prepared by Messrs Sands, runs aa follows:-"Dear Sir,-On y oui retirement from the Municipal Council of New- town, where for the last eight years you have held office of alderman, and twice during thal period the distinguished position of Mayor of thc borough, your fellow-aldermen expressed theil deep regret at receiving your resignation, and unanimously voted that the thanks ot tho counoil he recorded- on the minutes of its proceeding? for the able and conscientious manner in which you at all times discharged the onerous and important dutios appertaining to the office, not only in tho council, but to tho borough generally. In conveying to you this expression of the council's feelings, we trust you may continuo tc enjoy good health to take an interest in the welfare of the borough." The address was signed by the Mayor and town derk. THE LATE CAPTAIN HONEY.-A memorial service will bo held at Kiama to-ssorrow in memory of the late Captain Honey, 2nd Infantry Regiment. It is probablo that amongst the visitors from Sydney will be Major Bartlett (Head- quarters Staff), Colonel Waddell (commanding 2nd Regiment), and Captain Bayley (adjutant). ANOTHEH MILITABY INNOVATION.-Simultan- eously with the issue ef a general order requiring that the Mounted Rifles shall adopt a new uni- form, the distinctive features of whioh are epaulettes and aiguilettss-the lattor especially suggestive of aides-de-camp and other field-officers -a slight departure hns been made in the head covering of officers and men of the Permanent Artillery. Hitherto tho head was protected mostly by a white helmet. This helmet has been retained, but hy some changes in the furnishing of it a striking change has been effeoted. Now the helmet is encircled by a broad puggaree of dark blue material, peeping above whioh is a bordering of crimson. On the front of the helmet is the dis- tinctive Australian badge-Southern Cross being the special device-aud running from left to right in an oblique direction is a brass ourbohain otherwise known os a chinstrap. This slight chango, tho cost of whioh must be trifling, hos affected quite a transformation, and given to the officers aud men of the Artillery force a dittinpiíé look whioh has evoked the admiration of all who havo noticed the change made in regard to the holmot. Tho helmets thus decorated are being used at present irrespective of the kind of duty to be done, but it has boen arranged that for fatigue duty a white quilted washing hat shall bo sup- plied. The hats and jackets for fatigue duty will also" be white. MILITAHY INSTRUCTION.-Captain A. G. H. Morris, 1st Garrison Division Artillery, has teen appointed instructor iu depression range-finding and examiner of depression range-finding instru- ments, in addition to his duties as adjutant of tho 2nd Garrison Division Artillery. A olass of in- struction for officers in military law will be o»m raenccd by Captain Close, adjutant 1st Garrison Divisien Artillery at tho Victoria Barracks next week. EXAMINATIONS FOR A COMMISSION IN THE PER- MANENT ARTILLERY REGIMENT.—It is officially notified that the result of the examination held on the 15th ultimo and following days at the Univer- sity of Sydney, and conducted by the co- operation of the University examiners, is as follows :—Maxi- mum number of marks—?55. Mr. Alexander Stewart, 596 marks, passed. Unsuccessful : No. 1501, 301 marks, failed in aggregate marks, also in French, English, and mechanics ; No. 1504, 219 marks, failed in aggregate, also in mechanics ; No. 1502, 134 marks, failed in aggregate, also in trigonometry, mechanics, geometrical drawing, euclid, and algebra ; No. 1506, 44 marks, failed in all subjects ; No. 1503, withdrew. SHOOTING WITH BIG GUNS.—A tabular analysis of range «¡ports of service practice bj lHt and 2nd garrison divisions Artillery at tho Heads, &c;, on 16th December last, has been issued. It embraces a record of hits on Hydaspes from Middle Head section, tho total number of rounds fired being 21 ; a record of hits on Marathon from South Hoad section, the total number of rounds fired being 16 ; and a record of hits on Marathon from Bondi Coogeo subsection, tho total number of rounds fired being 3. Tho effcot of the analysis is to show that more than half the rounds fired from Middle Head section at the Hydaspes wonld have j ait a ship 240ft. in length, 60ft. beam, and 12ft. ¡ freeboard : and that one-third of the rounds fired at the Marathon from both South Head and Bondi ! Coogee subjection would have struoko similar ship. DEVXXOFXENT at PHOTOORATHT.-The proprie- tor of tho Crown Studios, George- street, has evolved what he claims to he a new process in con- nection with the printing of photographs. His invention relates to photographia printing surfaces, and consists in the employment of sheets of cellu- loid, xylonite, xylsidine, ivorine, and similar sub- stances as printing surfaces in lieu of paper. In carrying oat the invention the operator takes sheets of any of the substances named and sensitises them with a special emulsion, then prints in a frame 01 through a lens-enlarging lantern, or any other way of printing from the negative. The prints are developed and may be finished or retouched by hand. Beforo the sheets are sensitised they pass through several different processes. The sub- stances described, especially' celluloid, havo a superior surface, and being of a delicate tint give the print a softness of tone a»d neatness »f ap- pearance peculiarly its own. The result ia an artistio pioture. The sheet« are usually made with one glazed and one grained surface, so that tho picture may be had either with a mat or enamelled finish. In some oases the print is coloured 01 the back of the skeet employed, which being semi opaque imparts a charming flesh-tint effect. MUNICIPAL CoTjjrotLS AND THE WATER AND SEWEEAOE BOABD.-Af Thursday night's meeting of the Five Dock council the Mayor read a minute whioh stated that in view of the faot that the Water Supply and Sewerage Board had access, free of cost, to the annual assessment, made at great expense by the municipal councils, it waa deemed but just that the board should bear« fair proportion sf the cost sf sack assessment. He therefore proposed that circulars be Beut to such of the municipal councils within the county of Cumberland as ara affected in this way, asking assistance and oo-operation in a deputation ta the Water Supply and Sewerage Board, so that this viow of the matter may be placed before tho board, and the board asked to pay the expense of ono of the valuers appointed by the council in the ordinary way, the counoil bearing the cost of the other valuer. ? Alderman M'Fadyean, ia moving that the circulars be sent round to the various oounoils as suggested, said that if what was desired vere not obtained the Water Board might at least see its way clear ta laying on the water service te the different ceanoil- chambers free of cost. Alderman Myler seconded the motion, whioh waa carried unanimously. PARRAMATTA STATISTICS.-The follewing aro the registrar's returns for the quarter ended 30th De- cember, 1893 :-Parramatta : Births-males 32, females 33, total 65 ; marriages, 15 ; deaths males 91, females 22, total 113 (inoluding deaths in asylams-males 74, females 4). Central Cum- berland : Births-males 43, females 39, total 82 ; marriages, 8 ; deaths-males 32, females 24, total 56 (inoluding deaths in asylums-males 8, females 23). Central Cumberland inoludos only those registered at Parramatta-not Granville, Liver- pool, or Ryde. ST. THOMAS'S, NORTH SYDNEY.-Tho first part, sf " Tho Messiah " was given lost night in St. Thomas's Churoh, North Sydney, by a choir of 50 voices, acoonpanied by an orchestra ef 15 members and the organ, at whioh Mr. Joseph Massey presided. Tho solos were rendered by Miss Dibbs, contralto, Master Clough, Mr. W. Sayers, and Mr. Callow. There was a large congregation. ST. VINCENT'S HOSPITAL STATISTICS.-During 1893 there were treated in St. Vincent's Hospital 1332 indoor patients and 9088 outdoor patients. As compared with tbs totals for the previous year, the numbers showed an inorease of 50 indoor patients and 551 out-patients. In view of the exercise of economy and the special efforts made, the overdraft on the current account has been kept at about tho same point as previously. On account of the depression and the consequent diminution in assistance from tho general public, it has not been possible to reduce the overdraft on the building by mere than a few hundred pounds. In 1893 1145 patients were discharged from the hospita! cured and relieved, and 23 unrelieved. There remained in the institution on 31st Decem- ber, 1893, 108 patients. The deaths for the year numbered 58. This guvo au average of a little over 4 per cent., which is the lowest doath rate the hospital hos ever known. This death rate is only over acute estes, as persons who are hopelessly ill are not received into St. Vincent's Hospital, but at the Hospice in Barcom-street, which has its own admissions and its own medical and nursing staff. Persons, however, are never transferred from tho hospital to the Hospice. At tho close of the year, tho house surgeon, Dr. Mueller, resigned after having hold the position for three years. Dr. Doolan, of Melbourne, has boen appointed to the post. ST. THOMAS' (BALMAIN) LADIES' BENEVOLENT SOCIETY.-On Wednesday afternoon, tho monthly meeting of this society was held at the Parsonage, Darling-Btrcet, Weat Balmain. The elcotion of officers for tho ensuing year took place, Mrs. Boulton being re-elected president, Mrs. Venables secretary, and Mrs. Dixon treasurer. The report for the moitli was presented, and was very en- couraging. The sum of £14 8s 3d had boen given for Christmas parcels, and in addition there were many liberal contributions of gooda and articles of clothing. GROBVENOR-CRESCENT, SUMMER HILL.-A cor- respondent writes :-Will you grant me a small space to draw attention to the state of the gutter in Grosvenor- crescent, Summer Hill. Why do not the officials make inquiries into this P \ . PARRAMATTA. POUCE COUBT.-Mr. 0. L. C. Badham, the newly-appointed Police Magistrate for Parramatta, took his seat en tho bench yester- day morning and disposed of the business on the sheet. . TREAT TO ABORIGINES.-An interesting gather- ing took place at Botany on Thursday evening, when a tea was (¡ven by tho workers of the La Perouse Mission to about 56 aborigines. The hall was decorated, and tho tables were filled with seed cakes, fruit, lollies, ic. MeBsrs. Watson and Ardill officiated as carvers of the reast beef, which was hst, and Mrs. Watson presided over the distribution of the tea. Quite a number of willing workers sot to work* in looking to tho wants of the visitors, Mr. G. Smith and Miss Watson taking up the duties sf supervision. After tho tea tho coloured visitors were supplied with bags of lollies, and they sang some of their favourite hymns under the leadership of the two mission- aries. A service of song, " Unole Tom's Cabin," was given by tho workers. Miss Watson presided nt the organ. Solos wera taken by G. Smith and MisB Watson, and duets by Mr. Livermore and Miss P. Watson. Presents were givon to eaoh of the visitors. The men had billy-cans, tobacco, pipes, and collars and ties, the women had dresses and aprons, and tho children had smaller gift». PROPOSED CASTLE HILL TRAMWAY.-The Parra- matta committee appointed to work up tho above project held a meeting on Thursday evening, when there was a good attendance. It was re- ported that meetings would be held in the country in support of the movoment, and several members of the committee wero deputed to attend these meetings. A SUDDEN DEATH.-A woman named Elizabeth Anú Neville, 32 years of age,' the wife of Thomas Neville, a dentist, died suddenly at her home, 86 Darlinghurst- road, yester- day afternoon. On Thursday sho complained of feeling sick, and her husband put her to bed and gave her somo peppermint. At night he gavo her some pills. Between 1 and 2 yesterday after- noon Dr. Twynam wai called in and ho proscribed for her. When death took place Dr. Twynam re- fused to give a certificate, and the matter hos con- sequently, been reported to the Coroner. A BOY INJUBED.-Yesterday a boy named Charles Dyer, in the employment of Mr. Rossitor, of Petersham, was driving a sulky in Pitt street, when the horse took fright. The horso bolted and ran into a dray whioh was standing in front of the Young Men's Christian Asso- ciation's building at tho cornor of Bathurst-streot. Tho boy was thrown from his seat, and his head struck an iron verandah-post. Dyer was taken to tho Sydney Hospital in aa unconscious condition. Dr. Maitland examined him and found that ho had a depressed fraoture of tho frontal bone, a out on tho lower lip, and a wound on the right knoo. The lad waa admitted to one of the wards. AN IDENTIFICATION.-The body of tho man who waa feund floating in a tank at Cornwell's Brewery, Redfern, on Tuesday, has been identified hy Mrs. Rubina Taylor as that of her husband, Walter Taylor. He was 40 years of ago, a brass finisher by occupation, and resided in Suttor-stroot, Alexandria. BUBOLAKY AT BALMAIN.-On Thursday soron person or persons broke into the Elkington Park baths, Balmain, aud extracted therefrom neurlr 2000 cigarettes, about 170 cigars, und other good¿. the property of the lesste, Mr. Sid. Davis. OYSTEB CULTURE rs MORETON BAY.-Tho Inspector of Fisheries (Mr. O. E. FUon) had a very busy- time dorins; the Christmas holiday It had came under his notice (says , the Britba Courier) that the great sandbanks betwoi Moreton and Stradbroke Islands had osught i immense quantity of oyster spat, and according were in a fit state to mark off into areas f oyster cultivation. A namber of the oysters* I resident in the locality beoame aware of tl same facts, and applied for leases of the bank The seaweed, dugong grass, whelks, and eookli on these balks were covered with the youn .ysters to suoh an extent that a person cou] not walk on the sand without crushing tl small bivalves in large numbers. Some of tl new banks are frem 10 to 30 chains in length, an already carry from 300 to 400 bags of oystei almost in a marketable condition. On this accooi competition for tho leases was very spirited, an will result in an annual increase to the revenue < tho Department of Oyster Fisheries of over £151 A now skotah chart af the south end of Moreto Island, with the banks between this island an Stradbroke in Bous and Rainbow channel, is no in the possession of the shipping inspector. Th ohart shows the available oyster grounds open f« selection, tko banks having keen marked off dunn the holidays by Mr. Fison, on discovering that s unusually largo fall of spat bas occurred sines tb flouds of last year. THE POPULATION OP TONOA.-That the epi demie of measles should have happened in Tonga just at the time when the population for the fire time for many a long year was on the inoreai (says the Nukualofa correspondent of the Fij Times), was doubly unfortunate. The inorease certainly, was not much, but Btill it was an is crease-if only of ll. It is now, howsver, ver; questionable whether the Friendly Islands wi] ever recover tho late abnormal loss of population The table below shows the namber of births an< deaths for 1892 :-Tongatabu, 147 births, H' deaths ; Haabai, 160 births, 129 «deaths ; Vavan 78 birche, 101 deaths ; Ninatobutaba, 28 births 19 deaths ; Niuafsou, 33 births, 44 deaths : total 446 births, 435 deaths. Tirs QUEENSLAND Sroox TAX.-On inquiry a the office of the Chief Inspecter of Stack yesterday (remarks the Britiane Courier of 3rd January) Mr Gordon was not in a position to say definitely t< what extent the stock tax levied for the purposi of establishing a fund to be used in the encourage, ment sad development of the farm and dairy pr» duce industry had some iu. The tax beoame pay. able at the end of 1893, und there was every reasai to believe that it was coming in freely. Ii Brisbane alone over £8(00 has been pail into thi [Treasury. PnOTBOTION OF INFANT LlPE IN VICTORIA.-Tbl scandalous traffic in babies which (saya tho Mel- bourne Argm) has attracted so much atteatioi lately has aroused the authorities to take steps t< j repress it. The Chief Commissioner of Police re- cently introduced a new system of inspection ol houses registered under the Infant Life Protectior Act. Tho inquiries whioh used formerly to bf mado by tho'police os to the character of womel desirous of noting as guardians of ohildren ari now being conducted by ladies associated with th« Industrial School boarding-out system, and thii new arrangement is likely to be attended witt satisfactory results. Mr. Chomley is obtaining reports of a confidential nature from the lad« visitera every quarter, and as fte houses ol guardians have to be registered annually, it will rest with him to refusa tho renewal of licenses it coses whore the reports indicate that infants are not being properly looked after. About half s dozen houses have se far been registered thu year. DEATH OF AN OLD FIJIAN IDENTITI.-An old identity in connection with Fiji (states the Fiji Time) of the 23rd December) has passed away, Mr. Eirohner, a once well-known resident, having recently diod at Levuka, whither he had repaired to be medically treated for rheumatic fever. The I services of a doctor were not, however, to bo pro I cured, and the unfortunate mon succumbed. He had for years carried on commercial matters in the past at Monia and Totoya, at whieh latter placo he was residing and superintending tho branch busi- ness of Mr. F. Harman, when his condition com- pelled him to leave in seoreh of that health whioh he was not destined to recover. Mr. Kirchner belonged to a highly respected family in Sydney, whose name hos been familiar there for the last half-century. ? Mr. WILLIAM LABHOUB announces himself in our advertisiug columns as a candidato for the re- presentation of Coogeo Ward in tho Borough of Randwick. In his address he states that he was chiotly instrumental in reducing the tram faro to Coogee by ld, and he believes he has persuaded tho tramway authorities to maka a farther sub- stantial reduction. He will work to induce the Government to abolish all tolls, to pay the debt now owing on the public road, and to advance yearly a fair sum to keep the read in proper repair. IN another column Mr. George Gale, of "Ealing," ' Kemmis-atrcet, Randwick, announces himself as a candidate for Randwick at tho forthcoming eleotion ' in the interests of freotrade. THE Victoria insurance companies have issued an j illustrated almanno for the present year. I IN this issue is advertised the Declaration of the Landowners' Defence League of N.S.W. WE have received a copy of " The Wagga Express and Riverine Directory," published by Mr. S. Haw ! kins, Wagga. 