SATURDAY, JANUARY 13, 1984. President Cleveland's action with regard to tariff reform appears to have satisfied his friends, though, of course, it has displeased his enemies. Cer- tainly his views in his last message will be cordially endorsed by tariff reformers here. The Democratic President insists upon a strict adherence to the cardinal principle of the Democratic party, "that " only the necessity for revenue justifies " the imposition of tariff charges," or, in other words, that taxes should be imposed only to give the Government money, and should not be imposed to take from one citizen in order to give to another citizen who has no greater claim upon the state than himself. " But," Mr. CLEVELAND adds, " con- " ditions have grown up amongst us " which in justice and fairness call " for discriminating care" in any tariff changes. That is to say, that vested interests must be re- spected. Industries that have been called into existence, however foolishly and at however great a cost to the tax- payer, cannot be suddenly thrown over- board, but, on the contrary, they must be treated with the greatest considera- tion consistent with the public welfare. President CLEVELAND is not an anar- chist nor yet a mere fiscal theorist, but he is a practical statesman seeking to do the greatest possible good to the country with the least possible injury to the individual. The principle which he lays down, that tariff reform must be accompanied with equity to all existing interests, is one which we are sure will ever be kept in mind in Victoria. Tariff reformers here would shrink from hurt- ing individuals. Their one desire is to advance the colony. Still the proposal which is made by the Cleveland reformers is a wide one, and must have far-reaching results. A number of imported "raw materials " are placed upon the free list, a number of duties on the necessaries of life are substantially reduced. The one reform, Mr. CLEVELAND says, will directly help the manufacturers, and the other will directly help the poor. And in- directly the change will help every American citizen, from the Pacific to the Atlantic seaboard, by increasing the purchasing power of each and every dollar. Everyone's wages will be in- creased in this manner—the clerk's wages at the counter, and the farmer's earnings at the plough. Thus free wool—to take that particular instance— and lower duties on clothing mean cheaper garments for all. President CLEVELAND endeavours to conciliate the manufacturers, and to reconcile them to the change. " With these new " advantages," he says, " you will " be able to sell in foreign " markets, and if you can hold " your own in foreign markets the home " market is necessarily yours. Thus " you will have the home market and " the foreign market also." The force in this argument is evident enough, but it cannot be said that there is much hope of the President making converts among the trades that possess high duties. The Republican party is pub- lishing predictions of woe and ruin, and it is probable that neither money nor labour will be spared in the endeavour to delay or to defeat the Cleveland pro- posals in Congress. And the silver quarrel has shown how ingenious and desperate men can be when they deem that their pockets are affected. The fight, as was anticipated, is to turn not so much upon free coal, free iron, and free sugar as upon free wool. Everyone can readily see how the wool duty is the keystone of the protec- tionist arch. It is the one concession which the High Tariff advocates have to offer to the agricultural interest. The wheat-grower in the States, as here, has no chance of prices being sent up for him by the state, inasmuch as he is a large exporter, and Mark-lane quota- tions prevail through the land, but the wool-grower, who is scarcely an exporter, can still be flattered with the home market idea. Under the auspices of Governor McKinley, a circular has been sent to all sheep-owners asking them to forward to a central committee " the reasons why you cannot grow wool " so cheaply here as it can be grown in " the Australian colonies, where for 30 " years they have grown wool under " free-trade conditions." And one firm of Boston dealers, Messrs. HECHT Bros, put the matter fairly and squarely to their friends and constituents. "If the tariff " is taken off wool then the growers will " got mad, and will instruct their repre- " sentatives to let in woollen manufac- " tures free. And where shall we be " then ?" We quote these remarks to show that it does not do to be too sanguine as to the result of the free wool struggle, and to point out that the one thing certain is a desperate fight, in which interest and intrigue may pos- sibly for a time override the declared will of the people. It is an old tale that monopolies, rings, and trusts die hard. One instructive point is to be noted however. The McKinley wool circular speaks of the great advantage which tho Australian wool-grower has enjoyed through producing for a lifetime under free-trade conditions. So far as Vic- toria is concerned the reference is scarcely accurate; but that may go. What is interesting is the frank ad- mission that free trade is the better policy for the agricultural producer. " Of course," says the McKinley circular in effect, "the Australian wool-grower " can beat you. He produces under " free- trade conditions. He buys cheaper " than you, and his profit is therefore " bigger. You cannot have relief at " the Customs, and therefore you " are entitled to be in the swim." Not that these words are used. The text of the circular is the more decorous one already quoted (New York World, No- vember 29), but such is the argument, There is a plain admission—the direct statement that a producer in a protec- tionist country is handicapped as against a producer in a free-trade country; and this truism, which has so often been urged here, now comes from the McKinleyites. And what is true of wool is true also of wheat and of all other products. The American wool-grower may be satisfied by the statement that as be is not an exporter he can be pro- tected in the home market, but how about the Victorian producers, who must export more and more, and to whom, therefore, High Tariff duties are a farce? The McKinley dictum all over the world is, "The home market must " suffice. The country should be self- " contained. Let the exporting pro- " ducer perish." An American lady was once asked by an English visitor in a tone of ironical condescension, " And who are " your poets ?" She replied sweetly, " Among others, we have CHAUCER, " SHAKSPEARE, and MILTON." The moral of this story, told by Professor NICHOL in his American Literature, is destined to have its obverse. English- men, when required to enumerate their more eminent writers of recent years, are to be entitled to include LONG- FELLOW, EMERSON, or LOWELL. It is true that those authors were born and domiciled on the other side of the Atlantic. Nevertheless, as Mr. CHAM- BERLAIN remarked at the unveiling of the Lowell memorial in the Chapter- house at Westminster, " we claim a " common interest and a common " pride, and almost a common owner- " ship, in illustrious Americans." It would be a pity if this amiable phrase meant nothing. Doubtless there is more of literal and obvious truth in the lady's answer. The literature of England prior to the sail- ing of the Mayflower, or oven to the Declaration of Independence, was as fully the possession of the American colonists as of their brothers who stayed at home. To deny to the American of to-day his share in the ownership of CHAUCER or SPENSER, BACON or MILTON, were as absurd as to deny that a tree- trunk belongs equally to all the branches. But, since the two nations have severed themselves apart to pursue such distinct histories, it might seem that the literature of each should be exclusively its own. Yet Mr. CHAMBER- LAIN is right. Literature in the English tongue for men of English stock ignores the boundaries of geography and politics. The forking branches of the above mentioned tree are made of the same fibre and vitalised by the same sap. In othor words the two literatures of East and West grow from ono language and aro fed by one racial gonius. Whothor a man of letters dates from London or from Boston, ho addresses the same audience, tlio English-speaking world. It is thoro foro no moro occasional amenity for England to enshrino an American in tho national Pantheon of Westminster Abbey, to erect a bust of Lonci fellow in Poets' Corner, and a memorial window to Lowell in tho vestíbulo of tho Ohaptor-houso ; nor is it through idle complimont that tho bust of tim English Coleuidue has boen tho gift of a citizen of tho United States. Thero is ovory, ground and every motive for hoping that this international recognition of groat writers of English will grow moro general and moro intense. It is by tho interchango of Ejieuson for Caklyle, Tennyson for Longfellow, Low jill for Aunold, that the Amorican and British minds grow most readily to a sympathetic un- derstanding of each other. Literature, moreover, is a most potent ngont for fostering good or bad feoliug between peoples, and, as exporionco shows, the sonso that his public is a composite Anglo - Amorican public serves ns a strong correctivo to the author who might otherwise misrepresent either element of tlio com- pound. By tho erection of an inter- national standard of criticism an advan- tage will also accrue to sound literary judgment and porspoctivo in both hemispheres, particularly in the western. Eor, sooth to say, the American is prone to dignify his gceso into swans, and to shower somewhat too emphatic abuso on thoso who rofuso to fall into the samo delusion. Mr. Howells finds his compatriot, Mr. Henuy James tho younger, superior to Dioicens and Thackeray. Mr. C D. Wahnkk, with a truly provincial truculence, obsorves, " Wo have long ago cens«! to " bo either surprised, grieved, or in " dignant nt anything the EnglMi " critics say of us," becauso their criticism " is only the result of ignor " ance." Mr. Wihpi'LE puts '' J. Ö. " PmtciVAL in tho first class of Amcri " can poets," while tho number of Iloniets and Dantes, not to niontion Scotts and Thackorays, whom nn Amoiiean mtigazino-writor periodically discovers scattered between Now Orleans and Chicago, San Francisco and Philadelphia, is simply astound- ing to tho mero . European. No' that America stands alono in tho_ pos- session of Mutual Admiration Societies and a parochial standard of measure* nient. Thons is something of tlio kind among tlio Dobsons, Gossob, mid Do Vores of England. In australia Mr. Sladen lins unearthed " poets " enough to fuvntsh several avo'ragç generations. Nevertheless America is a cliiof sinnor in this regal J. Of iliu companion vice it is comparatively 'free. ; Tho faculty for inordinately magnifying home-grown gonius is often cpuibíüod with a ludicrous nniler-cstiniato of tho genius of foreigners. In Ingres' painting of t|io " Clowning of Homer " tho fore- ground is largely occfipied by French pnots, whflo tho inconspicuous Siiak speare is half in and half out of a remote cornor. Similarly when a London newspaper sketched, ali imaginary Académie Anginiso consisting of such men as Huskin, Browning, Lucky, and Arnold, tho journalists of Paris thought it exquisite fooling to treat these obscurities as thoocmivalents of tho forty immortals. America, as represented by critics Uko Mr. Studm.vn, has not fallon into this error in dealing with English waters. Being still hi the imitativo stage, it lins nccoptod and bolaudod too much rather than too little. England, on tho contrary, lias only too frequently treated American productions with con- tempt, or at best with what Mr. Lowell once called " a pleasant European air of " indirect self-compliment' in condo " seending to be pleased by American " met it." Tho oxa .polution caused by intoinational misjudgmonts in the case ol tho smaller mon will, however, be^ more than compensated by that hearty joint recognition which is being mpro and more accorded to the' men' who aro really great, to Emkiisoj. as to Carlyle, to Piiiacdiraiid Motleyos to Macaulay and Froudi:, to Hawthorne and Poe as to Thackeray find Dickens, to Bryant and Longfellow as to Brown- ing mid Tennyson. The namo of James Bussell Lowell stands with the great ones. Ile was in the fullest sense a man of letters, a poet, satirist, essayist, and critic, and in all 'these departments he possessed the supremo gift of originality. His ' style, whether in the Odo to Agassiz, in the Iligtow J'ujiers, or in My Study Windows, is always alive, candid, 'and virilo. Often, no doubt, it is strainod and overloaded, sometimos it is in doubtful taste. But it is never commonplace, nover platitu- dinarian. There is a man-à Ucarty, genial man with a temper of his own at tho back of it. Liko the style of Macaulay, it is crammed with matter collected ft oin omnivorous reading. Snell was Lowell as a writer in Eng- lish letters. But ho has another claim on England's esteem. In his parson ho exemplified tho wisdom of that custom, which is so. honourable to America, of choosing distinguished men of letters to (¡11 representative positions abroad. Whereas in England it seems to bo"con- sidered that tho talent for writing is a disqualification for statesmanship, in ( thcUnitcdStates consulships and ambas- sadorships aro milong the icgular prizes of literary eminence, tianuroft, Motley, and Lowell were chosen for national envoys by a " Philistine " country in a " Philistine " ago, just as Petrarch was chosen in an ago when culturo was rare enough to bo hold half- divino. Tin success in Mr. Lowel_,'s case at the Court of St. James was complete. Per- haps no ono has done moro to draw the two nations together. Becoming steadily converted from tho days when ho Wrote resentfully ; / " Shall it be love or hate, John ! It's you tliet's to decide," . ho grow to love and admiro England, and strove zealously to communicate those feelings to his fellow-countrymen. On lier sido England now erects his memorial at Westminster, in what Mr. Bayard calls "her most venerable "temple of-national religion, honour, "and íenown." It is' not creditable to the Gludstouo Govurumuiil Unit it slinnld luivo wuited to luivo its Ininti forced by tho Opposi- tion heforu Utking any slups for stronglhon iiifj llio Iinpoiinl navy. The urgent necessity for such ti coursa of notion, which lins hoon too long uogleotod, is conclusively shown by tlio writers of two ai tides appealing simultaneously in the Niuilrenlh Cent uri/ mid Fort iiitßllij lic vicw for December. In tho lirst it is confidently assorted "that no linviil port " in Grunt Britain is, upon tho whole, iib " »'oil equipped tis Toulon is ; Unit ut " no British nnviil port ure tho reserves " in anything liko equal rondines» for in " .stunt mobilisation ; Unit nfc no British " nu val port Im vo I soon sucli signs of wide " forethought und such iidiuirnbhi pro " visions for n'1 probable necessities its I " luivo witnc .sod nt Toulon ; and that I " tun fully pui'Hinidud Unit noither our " nlliceis, nood though thoy be, nor our " l)luo jackets can tench anything worth " knowing to tho corresponding French " Kinks." It was no doubt tho proud consciousness of this exemplary stuto of things ut Toulon, mid of the impression which it would niilimilly produce on tho mind of Admiral Ayi:ll\n, Hint in- duced tho Fiench Government to make that harbour, und not Cherbourg,' the point of rendezvous for tho Russian squadron. Independently of Ulis, tho Fi oneil Mediterranean Hoot in December hist numbered 42 vessels, manned by 10,1122 mon, while tho British Hoot nt tho sumo date, in the sainó sen, luuiibevod only 27, manned by 8,970 men, together with 12 toipedo linnts, ns ngiiinst 81 nttnciied lo the French, ileol,,the result being tli.it., without tlio co-operiition of tlio Tullian »tivy, our ileet in tho Mutlitui'iniienu is nit the present moment hmdcqiuitu to eopo with thut of Fruuco alono in tlio sen which lins become one of tlio great highways of our commerce. But Mr. Gladstone mid his colleagues appear to luivo buen so ignorant of, or so iiidiftoruiit to, Ulis povilous con- dition of nii'uiiH thul nothing less thnii a gi cat demonstration on the pint of the Opposition in the House of Commons sulliced to arouse tho Ministry to ii per- ception of the fact that our supremacy of tho suns, or, in other words, tlio existence of tlio Empire, is' being jeopardised by tlio piiri-iinonious policy of tlio Admiinlty. , To us in Aus tinlin the nmt ter is one of vital im pin tance, for the sen power of Grunt Britain must ho miiiiiliiined on such ti Mmlo of m.'tguiludu and ellioieucy us not only to Biifuguiud her vast ocean com morce with her numerous dependencies, but to enable her to oppose nny mari tiino combination which muy' be formed against hor. And tho Primo Ministor who neglects this paramount duty is guilty of high tr_uKi.ii to tim bust interests of tho mithin entrusted to his keeping. Tho news from Orbost is most doleful. Tho woes of, Hie settlors aro o.ur woes, nntl it is ,bocauso thoy aro far off ami helpless that wa iimst fool the moro deeply for tlioir misfortunes. Thoy 'aro ' now ni'soro'iiued. A flood greater than any on recoul swopt down upon thom in midsummer, taking thom completely by surprise, destroying their grow- ing crops, farm - houses, fences, rond«, biidgos, and nil else that could bo affected by n deluge. From the repoits of ourcoriespondents it is evident tlint'tho dévastation was on n grout seule. Though the pupulutioii is comparatively small tlio ohtinmte of loss ¡b £(i3,0(H), but it is becauso the people aro fotv in nut;) ber and not wealthy that tho blow is sovoro. An appeal is now "buforo tho colony gonoriilly for assistance to the Hiitl'orors. Mr. Laucmlan Ross »nil Mr. Henky James, writing on behalf of tlio relief commtttoe, expluinod in a lotter published yesterday thu magnitude of the disiistur, and put the ciuio for succour in Hiiccinct mid convincing terms. Thu rosult will, ira pc, bo eomiiiüiiBimitu with the severity of tho blow. For our part we shall bo very pluused to rocoivo mid uoknowlodgo subscriptions, but wo von turu to Buggest that further monsurus should be ùdoptud to ensuru systuinntie effort in the interests, of tho fund. A cantm] organisation should bo formed, and no doubt tlio Mayor of Melbourne, would bo glad to ar- runge for concerted action being taken throughout the colony. Few such disasters havo over occurred to our people, und if over chore wus justification for u gonorul contribution it is called for now. Thoro ure ulso spociul reasons why this may bo said, apart from the point thut lustrosa ulwuys domunds ro liof, Tho settlers in tho romoto cornor of Gippsland ulfoctcd have been deniud tho uids to progress which lmvu boon somowhat lavishly bestowed on othor parts of Victoria, and towards tlio cost of which they huvo had to contri- bute. They have had to strugglo against disadvantages of which residents in more favoured purls know nothing, lind now tlmt they huve also boon visited by u culamity which will impoverish thom they ure not asking too much when they appeal for roliof. In spite of the times tho roply should bo in tho form ot a sub- stantial contribution. , , ,_¡ The Perthshire, the new insulated steamer of Messrs. Turnbull, Martin, and Co.'s Shire line, left for Newcastle lust nighti with 25,000 carcases of frozen mutton shipped ut Williamstown hy Messrs. Turnbull, llotson, and Co., of the Newport Vreczmg Works. According to present arrangements the Perthshire will load 20,000 carcases ut New custle and 500 tons of beef ut Townsville', subsequently proceeding to New Zealund und filling up ior London with frozen meat, dairy produce, und general eurgo. The steamer Muori King is expected from Sydney on Monday, und will tuke in 10,000 carcases of mutton at WilliuniBtowu on uceount of Messrs. Turnbull, llotson, und Co. Arrange- ments ure in progress for chartering other steamers for conveying heavy cargoes of frozen meat and duiry produce to the English markets during the present year. Mr. S. UV Howe and Mr. J. Kelly, of the Customs depurtment, who have been selected by the Government to proceed to Ceylon, Iucliu, Uatuviu, China, and Japan with the view of endeavouring to lind markets there for Victorian products, will leuve for Colombo to-tluy in the ll.M.S.S, Arcadia. They ure taking with them suiuples of our wines, tinned incuts, dried fruits, butter, cheese, concen- trated milk, &c;, und they intend to upply themselves euergeticully to the tusk the Ministry has entrusted to them of Unding profitable outlets for our surplus produc- tions. Yesterday Mr. Rowe interviewed the Premier to receive his final instructions, und Mr. Patterson reminded him time he had been entrusted with un,.important commis- sion, und he bud an opportunity of making u reputation for himself which would be of wrvicc to him hereafter.'- Mr. Howe replied tha' lie was fully'tawtiro Of the importance of tue mission, und would do his best to make it a successful one. The Minister of Agriculture bus received a letter from the Acting Agent- General on the question of inducing the Wur Office and the Admiralty to use Victorian butter for Her Majesty's troops and Beamen. Sir Andrew Clarke states thut the naval and military ordinances do not include butter, its use being limited to the siok. The military hospitals are supplied from day to duy by local contracts, which have a long time | still_ to run. As .jo the navy, tho butter supplied is only, for use ut the ollicers' mess, und is supplied in tins. The director of navy contracts states thut taste is un importun*- mutter, and that Danish butter is ut present preferred to Irish, Canadian, und Normandy descriptions. A promise lins, however, been mude thut Victoriun butter Bhull be tested by a committee of the puy masters of .troop ships und reported on. The Actmg Agent-Oenerul bus ulso received a letter from the direc- tor of the army contracts, request- ing him to forward, wimples of Vic- torian butter to the general ollicer command ing the home district ot Horse Guards and the general ollicer commundingthe Woolwich district, lortrinl in tho Gunnia Hospital und the Herbert Hospital, und ulso to the War Ollice. Sir Andrew Clarke has arranged to supply all the necessary samples, mid ns Boon us he receives a report from the War Ofliee and the Admiralty on the subjeat lie will forwurd copies to tlio Minister of Agri- culture. The proposed reduction in the freights on Australian produce sent in the refrigerating i chnniberB of the ocean steamships fmms the subject of a communication uddresscd by the Premier yesterday to Mr. C. O'. Kingston, the Premier of South Australia. It is a reply to a letter from Mr. Kingston, mid points out I that the subject has in the past received con- siderable attention from the Government of Victoria and the Agent-General for the colony in England. Mr. Patterson stutes that the ticting Agcnt-Geucrul informs him thut the subject is now under the considera- tion of the steamship companies In England, unit thut the Government ot Victoria will be most happy to support any representations made by the other colonies in the direction ot obtaining a concession in the charges. Tlie Ministry are now ubout to consider the merits of the ouse of Mr. Gedge, who was statiomnaster at Prahran ut the time of the Windsor accident, but wus dismissed fiom the service on the ground thut be wus to some extent responsible for the disaster. At different departmental inquiries und at the inquest blame wns uttnehed to Mr. Gedge, but at the close of lust session ot Parliament a select committee of the Legislutive Assem- bly brought up ii repoit exonerating .bim. Mr. Guiness, tho Crown solicitor, is now milking a jnteh of the evidence taken ut the scierai inquiries for the information ot the Ministry, und when it Is ready, which will be in about a week's time, the Cabinet will settle whether Mr. Gedge is entitled to any consideration. The depositions taken at the coroner's inquest held tit Geelong on the 5th hist.' on the body of Wulter 'John Jose, a youth of l8, who died on tho 4th hist, through being shot by George Burnett, u militiaman, haie been considered by Mr. J. T. Thorold Smith, the Crown prosecutor for the Geelong district. Tlie jury returned u verdict ol' manslaughter, but Mr. .1. 'J!, T. Smith, after consideration of the depositions, is of opinion that Harnett should be presented on a ulmrge of murder, and that course, will be followed when he is brought up for trial. The economical harvesting of grain has become such un important factor in the pro- duction ot cereals throughout Victoria und Southern Riverina thut the late trial of com- bined harvesters at Horrigan will be regarded with interest by agrieulturistagenerully. Only three machines competed, which were from the following makers, Messrs. J. Nicholson und Co., Mr. J. Munro, und Messrs. T. Hobin son und Co. The trial took placo on the farm of Mr. Greggory, mid the uwnrils were ultvrwiuds mude by luillot nmong the furmers present. There weie 3» papers issued, und of these 30 were in favour of Messrs. J. Nicholson and Co.'s machine. Mr. J. Minno received four votes, Messrs. T. Itobinaon and Co. got one vote, und one vote was infoimnl. The result of tlie ballot was received with much clieeriue", and was evidently in uccord with the opinions of the spectators. The winning muchine was driven by Mr, J. Ue\ eridge, u lurmer who bus tliis year bur vested 320 acres ot grniii with it, and has 100 nures >et to do betöre his harvest i» com- pleted. He bus taken oil' in a 5J bug to the acre crop ÍX! bugs ot wheat in one day, uBiug three teams of horses to do the work. The fire which occurred shortly before midnight on Thursday at the General Post- ollice in the workshops above the electric- light engine-room proved, on a close exami- nation of the premises yesterday, not to be so serious as was at first anticipated. It is expected thut the amount of damage done will not exceed £1,500. The roof, floor, and fittings of two of the rooms were de- stroyed, and also a number of instruments for testing telephones and telegraph lines. It is not yet known bow the lire originated. The premises were scrubbed out uti) o'clock on Thursday night, mid when that work was completed the electric light was cut off, so that the wire, it is considered, could not have fused. The building is separated from the main building, into which the letters are conveyed and sorted, by a right-of- way uliout 20ft. in width, mid there was very little probability ot the Humes extending to it. The rooms in whiuh the lire occurred ure not visited by the night watchman, because it was thought thut If u lire did break out there, it would soon be noticed by either the engine-driver in charge of the electric light plant below, or by the telegraph operators on duty at night in the main build- ing, na one of the windows of their room commands a v iew of the workrooms. Yes terdny a number of the employés were en- gaged in removing the debris from the building. The Postmnster-General visited the place in the morning, and he considers thut there lins been negligence Bhown by the ollicer ot the depurtment whose duty it was to see that tlie fire hoses ut thu General Post ollice were kept in good order. Had this been done, the lire might have been extinguished by the employe's. Mr. Wynne on examining the' hoses found another one in a decayed state, and lie intends to have the employe who is responsible for their maintenance punished'for his neglect, A cable message in The Argus lately con- veyed the intelligence of the death of Mr. William Francis Splatt, one of the pioneers of Victoria. At the time of his death Mr. Splatt was mayor of Torquay and was 83 years of age. The deceased was born in Norwood, England, in 1811. In 1840 be sailed for Melbourne in a brigantine called The Herald, and arrived at Port Phillip on May 24, the voyage occupying five months. At that time the population was about 3,000. During his residence in Australia Mr. Splatt was owner of several stations on the Goulburn, Loddon, and Wimmera Rivers, and he succeeded in amassing a considerable fortune. He was also engaged in banking and mercantile pursuits. In 1851 he became a member of the first Victorian Legislative Council, and held the seat until he left the colony in 1854\. Before leaving the colony Mr. Splatt offered £40,000 to assist immi- gration if the Government would give a like amount, but the offer was not accepted. Since 1854 the deceased resided at Brighton (England) and Torquay, where he finally settled in 1876. It was chiefly through Mr. Splatt’s instrumentality that Torquay was in- corporated, und the citizens showcd their gratitude by offering him a second term of office as mayor, and by according him a mili- tary and public funeral. The deceased wus a brother-in-law of Mrs. E. L. Splatt, of Woomangama Station. The Premier bus received a report from Air. A. Purcbas, O.E., in reference to t,he site for the new metropolitun cemetery, stating thut advertisements were inserted in the duily newspupers in October last for u block of lund 300 to 500 acres or more, not fur from Melbourne, lind thut 25 replies were received, tlie prices ranging from £70 to £7 10s. per acre. AU tluit were at all likely to. be" .suitable, vyere l examined, but not one could be recommended, the Frankston reserve being far more suit- able than any of them. Ile suggest** that us the Melbourne General Cemetery will only last uliout two more years, tin brunch ruii wuy (now authorised) to Frankston reserve should be permanently surveyed at once, und tenders culled tor its construction without deluy, as the line will be much required for the conveyance of mnterinls during the pre- paration of the site for a cemetery. Tile Minister ot Lands returned yesterday from lils visit to the Hamer Village Settle- ment at Neerim. He mude a personul in- spection of ull the holdings, mid found 15 settlers already on the lund, some of whom were clearing and erecting dwellings. Mr. Callanan, ot the LuikIb department, reporteel to the Minister that the lund wus not suit- able for a settlement, but Mr. M'Intyre considers it fairly good, and states that elie settlers ure'pleused willi it, and ure deter- mined to establish permanent homes there. The prospect of obtaining gold ulong the watercourses is an encouragement to the settlers, and lately there have been some new discoveries, in the uurlierous ureas of the vicinity. Mr.' M'Intyre' sayë tho miners nfe in no way to be interfered with, hisBpeoiul desire being to promote har- monious relations between miners and the cultivators of the soil. The permunent survey of the settlers' blocks will be under- taken at once, and arrangements will be made fora regular inspection of the settle- ment to provide for prompt payment of the monetary aid given by the state. Mr. Cameron, M.L.A., hud arranged for a visit of inspection of tlie proposed railway from Heidelberg to Eltham by the Piemier and the Minister ot Ituilwajs to-day. The Premier," however, finding it inconvenient to make the inspection to-duy,' has promised that he will, if possible, do so on Thursday next, in company with the Minister of ltail wnys. The uneasiness and anxiety at present existing in the minds of public servants in consequenco of the possibilities of further retrcnclimentwere referred to ut the ordinary monthly meeting of the council of the Public Service Associntion beldon the 10th inBt. The general hope wus expressed thut the Go- vernment would not deem it necessary to re- sort to any further retirement of public ser- vants, a course which would entail the utmost distress at this lime of depression ; while the opinion of the meinbeis of the council wns again strongly affirmed that if viicuncics were left unfilled the service would lessen in num- bers very quickly through retirements in the ordinary course of the law, deaths, mid resignations^. It was felt that the council would only be, doing its duty in submitting its views to the. Premier, and u special meet- ing of the council wus theieforc arranged for Friday evening, the 10th hist., for full con uiiler.-ition ot the question. Vesteiday the Commissioner of Customs wus again interviewed by Messrs. Trapp and liluir in reference to granting them u bonus of £1,000 for the delivery of a certain quuntity of whale oil at Melbourne ob- tained from whales captured in the Antarctic Oceun within | the next 12 months. They lind previously waited on Mr. Dakar, and hud .. informed him that they intended to employ Noiwegiun steamers in this trade, which promised to de- velop at on early date into a lurge and Important one, and that Melbourne would be made tlie hciidquarters of the fleet, where the vessels would be fitted out mid provisioned for the cruise, thus adding to the trade of the port. The interview yesterday was brought about by Mr. Arthur Hassel, who is now engaged in this trade with a Bulling vessel, objecting to Messrs. Trupp and Blair being granted a bonus, as it would give them an un luir advantage over bim. The Minister, ufter hearing the statements of Mr. Hassel und Messrs. Trupp und Uluir, stated that the former would have a bonus ulso grunted to bim if he employed stcumeis in the trade and provisioned them at this port for the oruise, in the sume way as the firm mentioned had promised to do. On and uf'tor Monday next the 1.5 p.m. down mixed train fiom Dookie to Katama- tite, and the 2.55 p.m. up mixed train from the latter to the former station, will run dully until iurther notice, instead of three du}» a week, us hitlu- rto. We have been requested by Mr. Alex. Wilson, the engineer in churge of ports und luubours, to niuioi-nuu that lhe departuie of the s.S. Linly Loch for the lighthouses on the eiiBtein const of tlie colony with stores bus been postponed until Wednesday morn- ing. Notwithstanding this, all stoics, ex- cept perishable goods, must he on board uti the time mentioned in the previous notice. The annual picnic of the employés of the Hail way depurtment will tuke place to-duy at Ilullurat. A special departmental train will leave Spencer-street station at 10.20 a.m., for the convenience of those ollleials who are unable to leave by the eailii'r train. Tlio picnic will be attended hy the Minister of Railways, several members of Parliament, nnil Sir. Ii. L. Murray, one of the com inissioners, Tlie ltailway department lins arranged in connection with Foundation Day, which lins been proclaimed n public holiday, to issue by ull trnins I'x'cert suburban ones on the 2.")tli mid a)th inst, tickets ut holiday excursion furos, uvuilable for return till the 30th just, in clnsiio. Special triuns will be run on the25th iiiBt. from Sale, Nathalia, Seymour, Kuliucn, Tatura, Warrnambool, Birregurra, and l)al larut, and on thu following day from Alary borough, Castlemaine, Kyneton, Woodend, and Geelong to Melbourne in connection with the A.N.A. fete, to be held at tile ..xhibition-building on the uUtli ¡nat. A \ery interesting trial lias just been made, nt the instance of the Fiuioy City Council, between a now destructor, known as " CmckneH'8 " patent, which has been erected at North Fitzroy, and another de- structor, known as " Fryer's,"which lins been in use tor some time past at South Melbourne. The object of the trial was to test whether or not Cracknell'» apparatus was us effective ns Fryer's. These destructors are designed for burning Unit class of rubbish which hitherto has lound its way to the "corporation tips." Fryer's apparatus bus been known and used in ling laud for some years, und lins yielded satis- factory results. Cracknell- is au Australian invention, and has been made entirely in the colony. The lirst limehill, on Craekui'll's system was erected by the Melbourne City Council some months ago near the Foots cmy- roiul. The trial was of 48 hours' duration. Pitjcisoly similur mateiiiil was supplied to each destructor, lots being drawn for tile drayloads, which were weighed. Ile cords were kept of the wages, paid during the trial, also of the fuel used, and the clinker and uah resulting. Ficqueut observations were also made of the smoke issuing lrom the chimneys. Tlie trial was conducted under tlie supervision of three referees-two of whom, Mesare. A. Unison, city surveyor of Fitzoy, mid It. 0. Thompson, chief engineer to theMetropolitnn Gus Company, werenppointed by the Fitzroy City Council, while Mr. lleorge Higgins acted on behalf of Cracknell, tim patentée. The results of the trial ure as follows !-In tlie 4S hours Ciucknell's machine, nt Fitzroy, consumed KH tons oi rubbish, while Fryer's, nt South Melbourne, consumed 80J¡ tons. The cost per ton was 2s. Ojd. at Fitzroy, but that at South Mel- bourne lins not yet been definitely deter- mined. Mr, Untson mid Mr. Thompson put it down at 2s. 3d. per ton, but Mr. Higgins lixes it lit 2s. lOJtl. per ton. The residue was 47 per cent, ol' the total at Fitzioy, 57 percent, at South Melbourne. The annual picnic of tile employés of the l'oat anti Telegraph Ollice has been arranged tor the 3rd prox. at Mornington. Wc arc rcquenled to draw Hie attention of amateur artists and photographers lo the fact that entries in uouncotiou with Hie A.N.A. Grand Natlonul Fate and Art Exhibition, to bo held on the .lilli ¡nat,, »111 close at the Fete otllce, 315 Collin-street nest, ut 10 o'clock to-night. An announcement appears this monita«,: of a novel project for disposing; of extensive lund and house propei t.v^by lot, A syndicnto entitled tho Victorian 1'ioperty Distribution Sindícate is lo he formed for tlio purposo of ucqulringt the propcrtlis of Mr. I\ W. Miltalie, Milich properties are subsequently to be transferred to a trustee apd distributed aaioug the nitnnbem of tlicsjwlluitp bv pnhlic thallon _L hero are¡"toShVe,iO0,0C)O tl>ates"jli| _thp,i«y«djcaltiiqf £¿ cu<|)uiP|,,ii t,, ,i.,i-,.'. f,,i. ,|, mU n -I lol inll A ¡i_Ult;.(l!-piii}loii ii i-lv.ertl»cU'.to lnUgjiiUice In the old ,y,,M,aA". Hall, Russell-street, between.-IK 11\. W. JtlunWPitesiilniihof the Vic. on. n Thoosophloul Society,¡ami, J_r..Willina: .Nelson, thesubject being .'Thcj)sopliy.i'"( "|"m, i,, , .| .",) , ,i ." I " Mininnie |)i_|t. .who lu? returned'from study, in Euroli/, a/juou|u es in our advertisement, coluiuu» the uotmntpipepitnit of a, Court de.mffsi'-ll«,'Similar, to ttiosiL^fjl-irU, ,, , ,;,,"? , , ,i , i At .tha^ Metropolitan Gas Company's Icctun ' -' . e, with r to day there wilt be a lecture, with numerous experi- ments, upon " Tho Chemistry of Food " at half.pust lo. The lecture is stt ktly elementary, and Intended for -tato school pupils. The United Softwoods Club held a smoko concert on Thursday evening nt I'aicr's Cali, Mr. Gill (I.. Stevenson and Sons) presiding, a most enjoyable pro Elder, 01} nu, Gay, Smith, Thomson, Wasch« k, True bridge, Ferguson, Uauumaii, Molotiy, Whavatt, Currie, li row n, Ulms. Saunders, Shaw, Cohen Jiros, Mr. Ireland suppliod the necessary accompanl monts. Tlie St. John Ambulance Association announces that tho annual examinai ion on "flint uld to rho lu. Jurcd," both written and practical, will be held in Melbourne on Saturday, '.1st March, open to nil pupils who have pos.ed with much credit during; the pre- vious 12 months in any first-aid examination in the colony. Tiiree prl- cs, of the value of _7 7s., £0 fis., and £3 3s. will be uvvarded. Mr. E. Tennyson Smith is advertised to conduct a dtrcot veto campaign in Gippslund diirini; tile re maindci of the present nionlh, commencing nt Warragul to-morrow cvonmir. Stroiipr committees have been formed in caclt of the towns to bo vl-itcd. 'Die Farm and Uardcn Society, of Riddell (Ulddcll's Creek), anuoiiuccq that a Midsummer show anil Moonlight Fete will he held on Frlduy, tno loth lust., uuder its auspices. The Premier is announced to give an ntldrcss in tiic Clarendon.Gtrcut Presbyterian Oliuich, South Melbourne, Ibu Tucsdayncv eutug, vvlteiWu 'Collection will bo Hindu hi aid of tho Coleraine Villugo¡ setll mcntiif btni.l li ' f' l,fc It i-iaiin.tlncod .that 'Die p._.rO/oiio will"'rtiti>a chciii^i^-iir.itp'iit.lq-alkcrnoon, leaving 1'prt Mcl liounip aHnirf.|i;ist Sji.i'n. unit St. Kilda at a quarter to 3 f-r-ScImiipH-fPillfip nml'Woin'ilim. tqinorr#" Uitt'0_ono'ilU.'rU\it,'lU illimités past lV'Viffi « ."I'Sorrt'illolandlDroiiiiina/atsoC-lllliy'ltiat lilieiroiuhi'jjouiiie»iiil<' .ö.i-.ll 'nil | y|. past (Jueimkolliriii'-' J"'-' ? I'ortsea, oti.l . , . liles,«, Ilygolt luus'.toiiiueelisilrlfr.ll'ortiioai ami Son eulo at 2 o'clock this afteinoon, and to Selmuppor l'oint to-morrow uftcrnoon. Uiving to the continued success of tlie grand carnival at the Norlli Melbourne Towll'lull in aid of St. Mary's R.C. Church, tho commlttco have been io. quested to allow It to lemain open for another week. Tho largo hall lia. been well filled _very evening, and a highly amusing and lutetestiug progrummo pro- vided by llio conunittee assisting tho Hov. P. J. A) In ard. 