Miscellaneous Items. An action of a romarkablo charactod|||Spi agaiust tho oxooutors of tho luto Mr.' jS|& 44 Abingtou" Buird, it sooius, is about; WM to bo heard in tho courts. A lady'a« uaino, it is said, will bo introduced ? and the purport of tuo action, it ia - alleged, is to recover £15,000, tho"'fe rosiduo of £25,000 premised for. tha-'-'iSz recovery of £50,000 in bank notos,>' .ife allogod to havo boon lost by tfca-yljjp Squire." ''Some romarkablo 4 finds' aro stantly occurring among tho wnato',|' papor which is sorted by our cityvw|? colouists," snys'tho Darkest DnyUmtt Gazette. ''During last month four choqnos woro fouud, amounting in All to £90. In each enso thoy wora promptly kaudod by tho sortors to tho Sj.' Riiporintonding olficors, through whom thoy woro forwarded to thoir rospoctiva S ' owners." « Duiiino tho last four wooks no losa Mif- than 79,000 gallons of milk havo beoa. treated by tlio South Oippslantt £ Croamory and Buttor Factory Conk- pany, nt tlio Yarram factory (Victoria), nnd adjneont croaraorica. Tho ac- Mfj counts for tho mouth amount to £956 jsj f and tlio prico paid for milk rnncu 51 from 2jd. to 3d. por gallon. During .tow tho coining month tho milk supply will -w| probably oxcrod 80,000 gallons, as it.4 is daily increasing. .' V The largost hog shown at tho World's Fair, writes Mr. R. J. Young ' in Coleman's Rural World, wns Com- . monwoalth. 44 Ho tippod tho beam at 950lb., all othore rofusod to woigh. . . , Whon wo unloaded him at St. Joo, ho walkod to tho farm, a distanco of throo miles, in loss than two hours. Commonwealth will od&. woigh and outmoasuro and out-travd any hog in tho UnitodStatos formoncyt - . marbles, or chalk." Last yoar throo thousand miHioik gallons of boor woro imbidod inEuropo alono. Gormnny headed tho list of' consumants with (in round numbersj 1,051,000.000 gallons; Groat .Bntoia. caraosocond with 855,000,000; Austria.''" third with 800,000,000 gallons, whilo Franco and Belgium wore " braokotod. 1 fourth" witli 220,000,000 a pioco. Denmark "toils" tho list with 145,000 gallons. Of extra-Europe in countries the United Stat09, -of cour camo firRt with an annual consumption V , 01 «uu,uuu, AUBtrniia, xaiang Bcconu. ' placo at 22,500|000l / ' .Arnoros. of repairs, a story (quototf by the Globe) is going tho rounds o t tho French Press of a party of tourietu who wont to visit a famous cli&oau; on tho Loire. Od ontoripg ono of tho rooms tho guido romarkod, 44 This, ladies and gontlomau, is tho hall in which tho Duko of Guise was assassi- natcd." 44 Pardon nio," intomiptod ono a? of tho touristB, 44 whon I camo horn S throo years ago, you told mo it was in ML a room in tho othorwing." Thoroupou JST, tlio cicorono replied with porfoct soron- jm j. ity, 44 Yes, hut tho chateau was thon H. ' undergoing repairs," H i. Tun largost girder ovor shippod inB ' ono. pioco in Amorica, nccordig ' to "thsBj. American Manufacturer, has i'ooantlylit 1 boon rocoivod nt tho now Broard-stroohSj- j station in Philadelphia, and is quito a B 1 small thing. 11 It is 58ft. lin. long B I 10ft. |Gin. in hoight, and rests on a B pldtio 2ft. Gin. broad. Tho Philn lu dolphia Bridgo Company, its mikor, I I claims . that this giant, woghiDg 1 10,780lb., is tho hoayiost and turgost stool girder over turned out\ eouiploJoH by any iron works in tho United States." When mplacoovorFiftoonth- street it will have a clear span of 56ft., and will; bo 36ft. above, tbo side walk.. Mit. Lavouciiehe thus criticises tho position of tho British Qovornment "Ono thing is certain, wocanuot carry on another session without a dissolu tion, for tho plain reason that 'ho Irish will not agroo to our doing so, and thoy hold tho koys of timo. Lot us then mnko hay during that sossion, and dovote ourselves aurlog it, like John tho Baptist, to paving tho way to a Parliament in which wo can do what scorns hiost to us in tho intorcsts of progress and sound government. If we lose, wo shall at loast have tho con solation that wo havo dono our host not to loso." A youxo Danish journalist, M. Waldomar Wivon, has just returned from a tour round tho world under original circumstances. Ho wagered that ho would mako tho voyago with out spending a farthing of hiB own. To accomplish tho foat, ho ongagod himself on board tho stonmboats as a stoker, stoward, orinany othorcapacity. At now York, Chicago, and San Francisco ho was wolcomod by brother journalists, who got up a subscription for him. Ho continued his voyago gratuitously, and having visited Shanghai, Singaporo, Suez, Tunis, and Hamburg, finally roachod homo. It is said tho wagor amountod to £2000, but tho time ho took to win it is not stated. A telegram from Gronfoll, Now South Wales, states that Mr. Wilson ox-president of tho Trades and Labor Council, and a candidate for tho labor representation of Gronfoll, addrcssod tho electors . on Friday night last on- l dorsing tho platform and policy of his parly. Mr. Martin, another labor man, accompanied him, and troatcd tho audionco to somo startling stato- monte, among thom boing that Sir Honry Parkos omployod a military display to overawo tho deputation against Chinoso immigration. Ho also assured his hoarors that if tho question affecting tho workors was not se'tUod at tho ballotbox in tho courso of a fow months tho stroots of thoir townB would floW with tho blood of poaceful citizons. Tho spoalcor also indulged in othor intomporate re marks. ' , ONEOf Dunedin's oldest inhabitants, who is still halo nnd hoarty, has owned ono of tho bost comor soctions in that city evor sinco tho first solo of to wn land took place soou after tho foundation of tho sottlomont. Tho original prico was only £12 10s., but it is now worth at loast £50,000. Whoa tbo diggings rush took placo, a Molbourno mer chant wanted to buy tho section, and offered him £1,000 for it. This scorned at tketirao a fabulous amount to tho owner, who, howover, did nob want to soli. " Gae awa' wi yo, mon." ho said to tho tempter. "Yocnnna ha' como by your raonoy honestly, or yo wadna bo sao free wi1 yor thoo- sands." The House of Commons was por- turbod on tho afternoon of l<lth Novombor (says tlio Westminster Gazette) " by tho ontranco of a mar vellously arrayed figuro into tho Dis tinguished Strangers, Gnllory. Ho was dressed from lioad to foot in doth of gold, and had on his Load a golden turban. Ho was very dark- skinned, and soomod vory much in terested in tho proceedings. Ho is said to havb boon tho secrotnry to a Brahmin high priest." Tho uistin- : guishod visitor referred to was Mr. Saligram Yyasji, tho secretary and agent of the 'Maharajah Goveidhnii Lalji, of Nathdawarn, Itajputana, tho religious head of a largo soction of tho Hindu community. 