I THE MERCURY. . = HOBART, Moir DAY. MARCH 12, IHS4. UflTOMB OF NEWS. Marine Hoard had a pleasant trip to Bruny lighthouse on Saturday. Handicaps for Sorell Races npponr in this issue. Hulk Success attracted a largo concourse of >? iglitseors j oiterday. Good prospects for Tasmanian hops in tho Homo market, Grand musical recital-Miss Sylvia Mills, Town-hall, this evening 8 o'clock. Zingari, the palmist, may be consulted for two days longer lu Hobart. Sha is a woudor. Valedictory toa-raceting to Pastor McCul lough, at Kliiaboth-itrcct Tabernacle, this oveninff. Serious accident at Lnuncoston, Mrs. Whitchurcli, of Tumor's Marsh, throw n from a cart. Roth arms broken. Hobart Parliamentary Debating Society at the Masonic hall to-night. Subject : Women's Franchise. \- St, George's parish adjourned mooting in the schoolroom at 7.30 this evening to deal with tho Trust funds. Hobart ¡shorthand Writers' Association (Pitman's) »pood practice and discussion to- night at 8. Oatlands Road District trustées' oloction Wednesday, April 11. Nominations close with tho chairman, Mr. W. J. Burbury, 4 p.m. Wednesday, April 1. Adjourned meeting of William Kerr's creditors agreed to liquidation by al rango tnent, and appointed Mr. Edwin Jacobs trustee Tunnack Road District annual clo;Uon of trustees April 21. Nominations close with tho chairman, Mr. W. J. Burbury, 4 p.m. April 14. Fitzgerald Bros", mammoth circus nrrivod at Circular Hoad on Saturday in a special steamor and performed to a largo audionco in tho ovening. Silver quotation, 'SI 5-lGd. , ¡^ ljoiidon wool saloi continuo brisk. ' Burglar shot dead at Port Melbourne. Caso of small pox at Perth. Colonial butter 106s. in London. Mark-lano quotation for colonial whoat 25s. 9d Sir Thomas Mcilwraith trying to raiso money in England for Queensland railways. Gunjnr, stronghold of Wost African slavo dealers, captured by British. ' ? ' H.M.S. Crescent has rosumed bar journoy to Australia. - "Varsity boat race, botting 6 to 2 on Oxford. ? . ' -i<I - i Proposal to revise. French liquor, duties dropped. Bomb outrage in Spanish I church. 'Two officials killed. .-> , . , British Government has docidod to annex Pondoland. ' ' ' < Situation at Coolgardie serious owing to scarcity of water and no sign« of rain. Chief Railway Commissioner Eddy leaving Sydney for Hobart in a few days. A new company to bo formed to complete the Panama Canal. Russo-tiorman commercial treaty adopted by majority of G1 in tho Reichstag. Vi«count Deerhurst marriod to Miss Victoria Bon> ujjo amid much flat. Union Mortgage and Agency Co. issuing £133,G'!0 in short datod dobonturo stock. Statue of the Quean for erection in Ade laido successfully cast. Tho Provisional Government of Hawaii has enacted «tringont laws against immigrants. Fighting lepottcd from India, in which n small British force has been beaten back by a horde of predatory natives. People in England complaining of tho heavy postage on njnspapora sont to Aus- tralia, Prosident Cleveland doclares that ho «ill veto the Seigniorage on Coinago Bill if passed by tho Fonate. Lord Hopetoun, Govornor of Victoria, is to be granted leave of absenco if he requires it for urgent privato atfairs. Mr. J. Theobald, M.P. for Romford, killed by attempting to get into a moving train. United Empire Trade League banquot Queonslatid and Victorian représentatif es, on the 20th inst. Mr. A. E. Stoddart is getting together a good cricketing toim for his projected Australian tour, but it doos not include either Gunn or Shrewsbury. Sir Thomas Mcilwraith has had an im- portant interview with Lord Ripon on colonial matters, especially affectiug Queens- land. The Time* urges Lord Rosebery to dismiss I Lord Oxenbridgu from the Deputy Speaker ship of tho House of Lord« on tho ground of complicity in tho Liberator scandals. It is not emly impossible, but it would be wrong and even dangerous, to attempt to conceal the unpleasant fact, that go where we will we find a universal and profound distrust of both our legislators and our legislative machinery. Those who mix much with their fellow-men of various classes, and bear what is said in pi i vate con- versation, winch is the^sure index to public thought, cannot but have noticed the general''agreement that? exists as to the ^hopelessness of any goo'd being done by Parliament. This distrust, or¡ rather settled conviction as to legislative incapacity, is not the growth of a day or even of a month, but the result of long experience, which has been converted into ceitainty by the evident want of adaptation of otu machinery to the end for which it was dev ised. So long as the colony was faiily piospeious, so long, indeed, as there was no absolute emergency, the ie8poti8ible people were content to let the thing go on, contenting them- selves with a cynical sneer or a mock- ing jest nt the system of ho«-not-to do-it. But, now, when past want of prudence and past íeckles'mess and want of foresight combined have brought about a serious crisis, people are asking themselves, " what is to be done ? " They have a settled convic- tion, how far justified by events we need not say, that leal aid from and prompt action by the Legislature is not to bo thought of, for it is, evi denily, in endless mazes lost, m.tres which its owu incapacity land want of a sense of the fitness of things only multiply day by day and, night by night. And, who is prepared to say that this hopelessness and distrust liiive not a too suiticient warrant in fact ? Does not the colony stand in the altogether disgracefully unique position of not having provided for the expenditure of the year gone by, and begin the new year with a party struggle which has no justifica- tion on any grounds that nave yet been set forth? Do we not see evident want of power on both sides ? Are not divisions visible which render efficient action impossible ? Does any- one believe that the mere changing of sides by a certain number of men will restore vigour which has fled, and create capacity which can hardly be said to have ever existed ? Does not everyone know that the very men who now seek office are those who failed when' in office before 7 Is it not in everybody's mind that these men, who came into office to wipe out a de- ficiency, rushed into shortsighted extravagance, and deliberately pre- pared' the most preposterous scheme of railway expenditure that was ever 'devised by persons outside a lunatic asylum ? Is the fact uot notorious that they shamefully and shamelessly actually asked members to bid against each other lor votes of money, and then turned on the members whom they had corrupted, fl'nd declared that they were the cause of the trouble that had come ? Do we not know that they went on in the l I Windest confidence to .their ruin, and that they saw no signs of'the storm before their crazy financial barqno waa sinking in the trough of tlio lea because it was not steered at all ? And, further and most con- clusive of all, is not the whole colony quite well aware that when tho storm carno tlioy declared Unit they could do nothing of value to j stop the leakage, and actually throw i up the command in a state of helpless imbecility and funk2 All these ' things, wa say, are well-known, patent as the sun in heaven, and yet the Dublic is now atjlccd to follow tho aimless windings of a hopeless and clearly useless debate, and rejoice at a faint prospect of these worse than failures, these reckless muddlers,having a chance to bribe and muddle again. Whatevct may be thought of the pre- sent Ministry, it has at least done solid work in tho way of retrenchment, and if it is distrusted, as some aver, can any rational man believe that con- fidence will bo given to those who now with unabashed foreheads feel no shame for their shameful past, and pose as patriots bent on malting con- fusion to show that they can do harm, if they nre powerless for good ? But, tiiis is not all nor the worst ot the position. The truo causo of the iuoxprcssod but acutely felt dread that exists is, that there is no hope that any useful work can be done. Prompt action, united action, patriotic imper- sonal action,even if not very wise, would be welcome,merely as an assurance that the' so-called people's representatives understood and had risen to the situa- tion. But, what is the case ? It is stud openly in tho streets, and wherever mon meot, that the chief cause of the Opposition is the disliko of one man, and that the primo movers have personal and not patriotic ends in view. Wo do not caro to inquire whether these statements are true or not, for the painful fact suflicos that tlio proper seuse of serious responsi- bility is absent nearly all round. As BvnoN said of Greece, " wo start, for soul is wanting there." The talk and the style are not only light-hearted, show- ing a want of comprehension alone; but destitute of feoling and anxiety, show- ing a want of the true spirit. Wcro this, not the case, would anyone dare talk, as they do talk, about the Coun- cil rejecting financial mensure after measure ? It is broadly asserted that this financial bill and that taxation pro- posal cannot bo passed by any Ministry, so,that there is coolly and de'iborntîly opened up by those who profess to know, aud whom we cannot say do mt know, a vista of prolonged wrangling and inaction extending no ono eau tell to! what length of time. What does this all mean but a plain confession that our system has broken down ? If the system is defended, though some of ¡those who aro working it have called it it failure, then the public must con- clude that the men to whom its work ing is entrusted aro a sec of political tricksters or a parcel of fools. In such circumstances, is it any wonder that the common-sense of prudent and responsible men has come to regard the abolition of the whole thing as the one condition precedent of true efficiency 1 The supremo historical example of reckless folly is usually said to be that of Neko fiddling whilst Rome was burning. But, the spectacle of a lot of men drivelling whilst their country goes to ruin, is a far more melancholy sight, and one that might make the very angels weep. For, there is not a man of business, not oven the bankers who suck dis- trust as Jacques sucked melancholy out of a song, who do not know that our whole financial position could be made secure and our finances be placed on the way to complete adjustment, ifouly a few competent men could get' to work. Wo have all the requisite ability, and, indeed, no specially supreme ability is required, wo have all the means and we have a people only too willing to sacri- fice, yet we canuot get to work, and we ' have the evils of a system that we can neither make operativo non modify'to suit our needs. What wonder, then, if the pnblic mind has grown weary, sick of the miserable fui ce, almost, in fact, too hopeless to even condemn what it knows to be wrong? What wonder if we hear of Cuo.Mwi;iiii and his action in sweeping out a useless body which spent weeks in debating if it could debate ? Natur- ally it is a9ked ¡-why tíauupt sensible, earnest men come, together and notify to the legislators, no matter in which Hou«e, that they must get to woik anddo work or go ? This is what is in the public mind,"a motion toiling in the gloom," a motion which would have taken form, a now, and effective form, but for that patience of a British people, which allows so wide a latitude to incapacity if only it gets its work somehow done at last. The circum- stances of this colony, however, are such as leave little time foi delay, they will not permit much scope to reckless folly and mere yabber- yabber, so that on all sides wo hear the ques- tion " what shall wo do about it ? " and always the same answer, " clear them out ! " 1 "To England in twenty-five day«," ii an announcement that open« up wide vistas of possible travel to and from the Old Country which, to the multitude, have heretofore scarcely come within the range of moat «anguine imagining«. The eitabliihment of the Paoi6c-Canadian-Atlantio «team etrvice la virtually an accomplished fact io far a« preliminaries are assured, and the magnifi cent Canadian «ubaidy of £185,000 per annum should induce both the Home and Australian Government« to loosen their purse airing« and place this new channel of Inter ' course between Great Britain and her colonial dependencies absolutely ttre from all possibilities of block or failure. The Australian colonte« must, of ne- cessity, r ap very great advantuge« from this near service. Canada, of course, anticipate« the lion's share, but 'he pay« liborn'ly, and none should begrudge her every possible advantage. But to Austra- lian«, Taiman'ais, and New Zealander« the fact of being brought together in closer com- munion with the home country mean« a mighty stride in national progress,both social and commercial. English people are fast Unding out that they oannot live without supplie« of colonial products. Colonial people, on the oilier hand, know that their continuing prosperity depends on the wider utilisation and expansion of resource«, and these aids are on'y ensured by the introduc- tion of more population and moro money, the Brit from wheresover peoplo choee to come, provided' they ure of the right lort, * > i ' - 1 i ' *; and the latter from the ever' over, j flowing coffer« of the British capitalists. I Expeditious travelling ia tho keystone to success in these matters That competition is the eoul of trade is shown by the sudden rousing to action of tho companies running mail steamers between Australia, New Zealand, and San Francisco, who have made special arrangements for travellers crossing tho United States and visiting tho great cities of tho Union. Tho Australian and American ronte, the " A. and A. routo" as it is distinctively named, will from this timo henceforth afford many and exceptional attractions, and will necessarily induce a greater flow of traffic. It has this advantage, that the improved narwee commences at once, whilo the Canadian twenty-five days' service will notoome into operation until the spring of 1898. Thus the "A. and A." will havo all the advantage of perfecting its system before its northern rival enttrs the field. The annihilation of distance by reducing the timo enguged in actual travel will, how- ever, bulk largely in the advantages of the Canadian route. Tiik me i bcr« of local Trades Uiiions are discussing the ndvisnbility of federation, impelled thereto by tno reason?, the one being that financially and numorioally the Unions arc languishing nnder pretsure of adverse times, and the other that light ia dawniug upon the minda of those who have heretofore conceived the principal f uuction of Unionism to be the iuciting of antagonism to cipital. It is specifically stated that the object of the proposed federation is to pro moto the welfare of fellow-worker«, and to establish friendly and beneficial relations with capital. As the secret try to the Trades and Labour Council puts it, " they should promote co-operation in the produc- tion and distribution of wealth, to acquire and disseminate a knowlod^o of its funda- mental principle«, to ulloviate and aid dis- tressed libour, to harmonise and assimi. lato the demands of labour equitably, I and to proteot and maintain efficiently, the common weal. By so doing the friction between capital and labour would soon be at au end." This, if it means anything, means a loug farewell to strikes, and from this point of view alono the pro- posed federation will' havo the host wishes and warm approval of every right thinking parson in the community. It is true that Tasmania his not endtrjd the toil and turmoil, the heavy monetary Iosscb, and the bitterness of feeling between employer and employed always arising from strikes, but this has not been from want of ptrauasion. Tho trade grievance-monger lus cssnjed his dirty work here as else« here, and if ho has not succeeded in his full miision, he has at least sown a good deal of discord. One por- tion of the ssheine of federation under pi o pcisal is the establishment of Hoards of Review, whore principal funotion will he the adjustment of differences between employers and employed, and the exchange of idoas on matters affecting their mutual welfare. In oldonta'ly, of course, ttiB federation will have a political element in its constitution, iudoed it would lack in cohcaivencss if this were absent. Tho determinate form of such element will doubtless verge ob extremo radicalism, for that is the working man's creed of to-day, all the world over. This however, is ol secondary importunes com- pared with tho prospect of unity of action among members of Trades Unions upon broader and winer lines than havo heretofore prevailed. That adversity is often a blossing in disguise fluds proof in tho circum- stance tint long continuing depression of trodo and its accompanying impoverishment have caused men to bethink themselves whether some of the causes of such distress do not lie at tbolrown doors, and that it is their duty to themselves and the community to sturdily and steadily tct about working a reform. _ 'iVnAT IS Wkaltic ?-In the course cf the | debito on Friday night in tho Anembly over the want of confidence motion, Mr. Clark referred to the differonco of opinion among eminent political ecoiomists as to what exuotly constitutes weilth. lu reply to au interjection by the Treasurer, ho re- marked that he was aware of the different definition« given, and that, all ascribed the production of woillh mably to human in- dustry, but his person ii view of the mutter was that a large mount of wealth in the world Isduu to theexuber.inca and tp-<ntancity of nature, and that in many cmia all the human industry con-erncd in the production of wealth amounts to little more than merely putting out tho hand to take it ; while in other casca it requires an immense , amjunt of human industry to produce a small amount of woalsh. Our Parliamentary report of Mr. Clark's remarks on this sub- ject, owing to a volley of interjections, and which led Sir Edward Braddon to riso,to u point of order, did not convey quite what tho «peaker intendod to bo understood as his opinion. -? l "Tub Ykar-Book of Aostiialia."-For the 13th year this useful publication makos its appearance,and it is attain what is clai-ncd for ir, " a national work of reference on all subject« relating to Australii." Mosrs. Propsting & Robey are tho ,' Hobart publisher?. Except where the intereet/of the work appears to require it. all reference to Tasmania hal been withdrawn,'a fact which hui led to the remark tint in furtherance of the schemo for advertising the colony so actively promoted ofrlato tho Government has withheld its support from the Year-Book v,ith tho result that Tas- mania's vast resources will bo' concealed from the world so far at it is touched by this publication. , . Naval News.-During tho past week tho emull arm men of the warships in harbour were class-tiring at .Sundy'Bay range. On Sunday Divine servico was held on board the Kingarooma by a local clergyman,; ? Tho crews of other ships attended, a« also several ladies and gents from the city. TnK Fish Paddocks. - C»ptn-n Arm strong inform* us that tho fish paddock« at Lindisfarne Bay have been completed. The platform from which the public will bo ablo to angle is nour being created. A requisi- tion has been forwarded to him from Port Arthur, signed by the member for the dis- trict (Mr. Woollnouah) and 40 others, n questing him to establish in connection with the Hobart fish paddocks .ind ti-li pre- serving work« a de¡iot there for trapp iig, preserving, and curing fi«h Tht r q-u ?itionUts «ay :-" We submit that Port Arthur possesses local advantages over all other places on the coist for that purpose, being contiguous to tho deep «ea fishing grounds immediately outside the head?, und the acknowledged harbour for the fulling fleet In all weather« when unab'o to reach Hobart. Maty valuable cargoes of fiih, «uch a« have been loit through detention, could in future be saved. . . . All the bay« in the vicinity abound in fish, which could easily be trapped and kept in reserve to stock the fish farm near Hobart. A ready sale for the guano could lie effected on the spot fur use in the Peninsula." Captain Armstrong ha« rep'ied that he has sub- mitted the réquisition to the provisional director« of the proposed company at Hobart. He thoroughly approve« of the iden. He ia now laying himself out to catch the porpoise« and other predatory fish in the Derwent, which will be boiled down and the «kin« tiled to make leather __ Cur PoucK Corrí«-Before tho Police Magistrate on Sa'nrday, Albert Way, charged with the larceny of eight dandy brushes nuil one pair of leggings, the propl-rty of John Webster, was disch irgcd lor waut of ev i deno>. Margaret HefTerra i, for hell gdruuk in Bathurat-street yistcrday vi as lined 5s., or seven days' imprisonment. Detecter Snowdroppers.-On the night of 8th last., a number of articles of clothing were stolen from the clothes line of Mrs, Emily Finlayson, a resident of Battery Point. Several similar robberies have taken place in this locality, and thu police having been informed of the ocurrence Detective Gavitt took the matter in hand, with the result that the house of one Aaron Simmons, living not far from the scene of the robbery, was searched, and the whole of the missing articles revealed and identified. Aaron, his wife Catherine, and son Hyam (22 years of age) were arrested and con- veyed to the Police Station. They will be brought up at the Police Court this morning. Unclaimed Telegram.-A callegram for "Travalcare" await* a claimant at the ! Telegraph Office. ' i ,. Vn.i.Aon Sktti.kiiknt.-A fairly attended meeting of the l-adie«' Relief rtestaurant Committoo was held last week at the old Nurses' Uome, wlirn Mrs. Henry Dobson presided, and explained that the meeting had been called to determino how the money at present in their hands was to bo used. Tho meeting was of a conversational character, ai.d several Scheines were sug- gested. The allinga tcttluncnt scheme, how over, seen.eil to find most favour; but thocoinmittco vvcro ut a losa to decide what form tho settlement should take. Then waa ii general feeling thal more dcfiulto in- formation was wanted, so that when any- thing was done it should bo of the most iisoiul muí helpful kind, After careful con- sideration it was agreed that the Restaurant Committee incot u tub-commlttco from the Village Settlomout Commiltco io conference to-morrow (Tuesday), at 3 p.m. at the old Nurses' Home. A full attondanco of the Ladies' Committee is desired, so that thuy may bu in it bitter position to arriva at a limit decision as to how the moni y «hil bo used. AuSTUAMAN ButTKB.-Tho Loudon corre ?pondent of the Argus write« under dato Ilobruary 2 :-" It is interesting to note how the quality of South Australian butter has week by week improved, until this week Messrs. Cooy &Co;, were successful inset ting for it the same price us Victorian, viz , from lût«, to 112«. The quality of some of the factories is very fine, and more than one of them will next year rank as ' fancy.* The cargo of tho Oceana found a ready «ale, and In about four day« wa« virtually cleared, lu fact, for same time there ha« been little ditlioulty in tel ing colonial factory butter, fur wholesale buyer« and grocer« havo dis- covered that at prêtent price« there* I« more money in Australian than in Danith. In consequence there is a lal'gc accumulation of DauUh in the chief towns of the North and the Midlands. With the ohjeot of again securing the mai kel, Danish butter has boen reduced Is., but it ia very doubtful if the mauosuvro will «uceeed. The weather ii very mild, but tho butter committee will not, in tho faoo of tho «mall cargo of the Orient-only 0,030 cases-reduce the present piicc. As no innanco of «bowing how the trade are favouring Australian butter in preference ti New Zealand, a pretty good number of boxes branded 'Taranaki' lu large letter«, were sold to an Australian im- port agent with tho phrase ' Made in Vic Uria' in equally largo letters blundell ou another sida of the bux. Of course, grocer« and wholcaalo dealers arc quite Ignorant of tho situation of Taranaki, and bo the false muk will pas« unnoticed. ¡Should tho practice become habitúala prosecution under tho Mcl-zantilo Mark« Act nil! correct the mischief." llonAilT HOUTICCLTOnvt, bOl'IETV.-A meeting of the conimlttLC of the Hubart Horticultural Society was hold ou Saturday evening. It was decided to alter the litt of pri/m in Class C, the committee v ry wl ely agreeing to havo the bouquet olas« divided lu two, one for amuteurs only, tho other for professionals. The prizes fortland and bridal bouquets wer« fixed for not If-s than £1 Is. first und 10s. C1, second iu tho amateur class. Consideration of prizes for the autumn show, to take place on tho2lih and 25th prox., was postponed till m x1 meeting, to take place on Friday evening. The secretary was instructed to write to the hon. secretary Tasmanian Agricultural Sjcicty, sUtiug that the Hobai t Horticul- tural ojcicty w ould be pleaied to arrange for a grand display of farm produce, etc., at tho Autumn Show. The meeting then oloscd. A Narrow Escape from Dhath.-The Telegraph reports that some few days since a you'll namod John Burns, Bon of Constable lluras, had a most un- pleasant experience. Be had started for the Bellmont gold diggings with provisions, accompanied by a young, man ' named Dunster, and while descending the hill into the Forth Valloy near the bridge tho cart capsized owing to tho rough nature of thu road, willoh at this juuuturo is very narrow, and is bounded on one side by a prccipico some 150ft. deep below which runs the River Forth. But for some friendly obsta-jlo which jutted out both horse and curl must have boen precipitated into the river. As it waa some of the goods found a lodging plicae in its cool waters. It was found ncodful to cut the ha-nesn in order to extricate the horse, which waa knocked about a good deal. The cart was also much damaged. Only those who havo seen the spot whoro tho acaidont happened can form an idea of thu position. Hud tho young men been in tho cart the consequences must have been more serious, for one, if not both, of them might have been thrown over the yawning precipice and dashed to pieces on the rocks. Run Over.-An infant of three yeaY.i named ? ' Leslie Trinder, living at 125, Campbell-street, was ruu over on Saturday by, a horse and cart, and renclvod soma severe bruises on tho body. He wu» taken to the Hospital and treated, after which hu was carried home. Gosi'kl Tí.mpfk\nck.-A larger number than usual attended the Tcmperarce-hall on Saturday nicht last, when Mr. Pietlijohn, of H. M.S. Ringarooma, gave a »ketch of hi« experience during two years' st ay lu Zanzi- bar. Tho paper, with occasional comment, had that chai m that belongs only to personal observation. After describing Zanzibar, ita position and climate, otc, Mr. 1'retti john enlarged upon the custon» ami manner* of the inhabitants-at times humorously so-and «hen at length, he dwelt upon the slave trade, and nuu-.ttcd incidents that had come under his own notice, ha did so with an 'amount of feeling and pathos that elicited repeated applause, lie also gave, with good effect, two recitations in response to the vote of thanks the audience awarded him. . '" ' Sokdat Talks -Tho interest is evidently growing iu theso mooting», as eceu in the iucrca'ed attendance. Yesterday Mr. Langley opened tho subject of the " Scottish Covenantor!)." After dwelling upon tho curly history of the Scottish Church and tho courageous and wiso acts of John Knox, who founded Prcabyterianisin, and tha con fliHthatentued.hoiutroduccdthocausaof tho uprising of th« Covenanter«-the supremacy of Christ a« Lord of the conscience and not the King, and religious liberty to worship G id'according to the dictate« of their con- science. Tno paper ably dealt with all tho leading cvonts that happened during the SO years of the struggle (cr religious liberty in Scotland, and in conclusion urged thut liberties which havo been so dearly bought sh'iu'd be highly priz-d by us and guarded v, ith sacred devotion. The essayist received hearty npplinse on resuming hi« seat. Fresh fact« wer* added by many of those prcsi nt, though «oma evidently bad not fully grasped Mio subject. The chairni in hoped that na a result of theso histor'cal disentitles greater interest wiuld bo manifested in events that wero fraught wi' h vast import ance'to the reliijious liborty we enjoy at the present day, and he urged membeta to read up on this and similar subject?. It was unauimously resolved to con.inuo tho sub- ject next Sunday, when Mr, Wickens will open. , Hoiiabt Taiikrvacle.-A tea and public meeting in connection with the depa turo of I'ustor McCullough will be held this evening at C.30. Vcsterday ho pleached his farewell sermon« to tho congregation whose spiritual interest« he Inn so well and faithfully tli'ed for during several yesra past. I he parting, inevitable from the force of adverse circum- stance«, ia u cause of poignant tegrot not only lo Pastor MuCullough's immediate follower», but to a lur^e circle of people in Hobart, who have learnt to reef tct him as a citizen of sterling wotth. S.T.A. Rifle Club -The «econd annual meeting wa« held at the drill-yard on F'ridny evening lait, when tho report wai read hy the «ecictary, aud the balance-sheet f i Iii-; year ending Docembcr 31, 1803, «bowing a civdit balance of £14 10«. Id., wa« adopted, and Office-holder« elected for tho ensuing year. 'J he cluirram congratu'ated the club on it« petition both financially and from a .hootiiig«tandpoint,and announced thata han- dicap club match for A and B classes would be held on Saturday, 17lli ¡nat. 'Jhe meet- ing then terminated with a vote of thanks to the chair. Tug Hri.K Success.-Some thousands of j citizens were on the Esplanade and wharf yesterday to have a good look at the old timo barque Succcbs moot ed at the end of tho New Wharf. A great many went on board, and were ch.nvu over' tho vessol, The Salvation Army band lassies had a good half hum's tinging and praying alongside. The hoiqno Iiiib tlu outward appcar,inco of a return voyager from the South Pole, where paint is nciicc. Intekcolonial Passais.- Airanßemeuts have bi'cn mudo between the Orient Lino and the 1*. li O. Co., whilst their steamer i ca'l at Hobart, that tlio piseago tiikets of both companies will lie available hy sloanicrs of either line. No doubt tliH announcement will bo considered ii grcut boon by the travelling publiu and »ill be duly appreci- ated. Tlio round ticket, Hobin tu Mel- bourne, thenca to Sydney and back to Hobart, is £5 G?. lil st saloou, second euloon £'i IO*. Hobart to Sydney via Melbourne, first-class £4 4s., tccond-tlass £3 3j. Pin sciigirs can break their journey .it cither port for any period within the season, Mrs. Knioiit Fund.-We have received from Rev,, Dr. Scott* 5s.; Mrs. A. Sutton, Í 2s. 6d. I '" __' Í \,) K .Kit: 1 i ' "Cj'ST<"'!>", i -r Miss Sylvia Milu' Recital.-A distin- guished patronago has been accordod Miss Sylvia Mills for her first miißfciil recital in Hobart to night at tho Town- hull. Tho progiuiumo is al attractive na the list of patrons is notable, and it iiudiides tho nurnoo of several well-known Tasmanian mitsicianr. Miss Mills ii announced for two solos, and a duet with Mrr. J. H. Tiauthim-Fryer, a lady who will also contribute a couple of song*. Messrs. vV. 1'. Hrownell and Jamos Disir aro among the vocal soloUts, «hilo tho instrumentalists Include Mr. A. J. Mills' amateur onhistiu, Miss Roper,Mo ara. J. R. Trantliiui-Frjer, and J. Dillon. In accord- ance with continental usiigc there will bo no intrrval in the programme, au innovation which, we feel sure, will hu welcomed by thoso who havo in the past suffered from Ions' wuits between the first and second patts of oonciit programmes. Ol'liK Allí CONCIRT.-lito Wty jil nu gave theil usual open air concert last evening, and, as usual of a line night, a larc« audience assembled, and irom the applause given tho programme waa evidently much uuj .yod. That beautiful intermezzo "Cavalttiu Rusticana," «na performed ¡nan exoolleiit iiiauncr by special rcqucat. i'ho other items were :-Overture, Martha ; selections, 11enmaito/fAc<7uarciaiid IrVfiani Tell ; euphonium solo, " Big Ben ; " and tho " HcAU Ideal" and " Voluntoer " mai chea. John Dkii>coi.t. Foi.bv.-This nrtist makes his li i at appearance in Hobart to-night at tho Temperance-hall, vahcro ho will give a mimi ni and mimetic entertainment entitled "Lite's Ljoking Glafs" Mr. Foley is an- nounced as an eccentric entcitaiuer and rapid chaude artist, and comes with a imputation for ability to thoroughly amuto lils audiences In keeping with tho times he announces mil ion price«, New Zealand Ha aid, Auckland, says:-"Llfo'e Looking Oleas" waa shifted from the Cook-ttreet hall to th« Opera Houb?, .1 d the wisdom of the step was shown by the capital houso which uw mbled to greet it In its^ now aboio. " Life's Looking Olasi " consists of a very amusing variety enter'aininent, in which Mr. Foley impersonates a number of chu ucti'M, aiugs comic longs, and makcH jo«oa which keep his audience in ruaiu t laughter. In the first portion of the per. fbttnuiioo Mr. Foley took the paris of no less than eight churuoteis, and changed his dress 10 tiiiKu with u rapidity which bordered on tlio miraculous, a.ily a few seconds being occupied in transforming himsolf tuicess fully into a servant girl, .11 old grandfather, a bridegroom, au Irish aunt, a Germai uncle, a bride and her cousin. The enter- tainment uonoludcd with a tablet of novel tics lu nliijb further characters were assumed. One of them, Wing Lee, a Chinaman, playod " Home, »weet home," uud otilar times on eight bottles, a feut which was loudly applauded aud oucarod three times. " Liles Looking Glass" is well worthy of a visit. ' ' ' >'' ' ». -r._ _ Ti_ TI. . bouta v. Nov.th Boat Rack. - nie Soutlnrn. crew aro doing hard work iu; ti-áiuiíig for thin annual interesting iiqiiutiu 'uvcnl tu come oil" ou ibu Tamar at Launces- ton on Easter Sunday. The m-n lo; k well and pull «troup, doing 32 strokes to tho inluutu coinfi i- ably in tho wake of a etoamor. AuTii.i.Kitï iNsrixtioK. - The Com- mandant will inspect thcSouthcrn Tasmanian Artillery to-night at 7.HO. Vu ut Ck'ii.N'i'.T Politics.-A publia meeting has boen convened by Messis. 'I'. Mill« ana M.1 Fitzpatiick, to be held at P. n Cygnet this oveniug at 7, to discuss the proceeding« of ¡Parliament, and the member« for King- borough ara asked to attend. ÏUK Wkht India Kkoimknt.-Tho West India Regiment, under Major Madden, now operating against the slave dealer FoJialah in West Africa is unique among the Ungi bli force« in being Ibu oui) r ¿(liment of ni grue« in tho Imperial servie:. It is officered by white men, but the rank and ti c are «li negroes, ' and with few exceptions the privates are pure-blooded black«. Tho regi- ment ii recruited in the British West Indian island of .lumuku. The mon are our, fully picked for height, breadth, und atrcuglh, and uti Amcrlcin officer who re viewed ibu regiment two or three years ago dockrell it to I); by lar I he finest body of mun hu had ever teen. The regiment is uuiquo in the British army in di-jss, too. Its uniform ¡e a kind of z luuvc costume. Baggy Mue trousers, with bread yellow striped down tho outaiile leg «cams, roach to the calves, and these arc fastened so a« to make a bulging overhang. White gaiters cover the shoe« and reach to within fa couplo of inches of the trouser«, black'ttock inga filing the gap. A loose tunic of brijrht scarlet cmbroideied across tho chest with yellow braid and with dozens of brass buttons close set down the front reichen to within un inch or two of tho wuiut. This tuiiiu fi es op?ii, showing a white vest boueuth. The headdress is a peculiar turbin, u cross) between a Turkish fen and an liust Indian turbau proper. It is of wbito and red, mid is adorneu willi a long yellow jtassol. Tho regiment is stationed only at ¿Urra Leone,.and near .West African stations, and .at - Jamaicn. The men mo seut to garrison tha.vHrican posts, because,'tliey ataúd .tho.deadly climate so much better than.de the. white soldiers. Recently they suffered rather severely from Uiu'b'.nuiler which led tho French. force in West Africa to attuck tho liritith camp at | Wui-iina, ¡u Sierra Leone. tar Wo are roquostod by Messrs. West- brook Bros, to call attention to their salo which will tako iplaco at thoir mart, THIS Day, at li! sharp, of the valuable) property at Apsley known as Sandwich Farm, containing 1,107 aerea.-[Advt.] , ._ 