FOBEIG N I 1 ' L.I I'H I R A M S March Tl'lO Unionist s a IT sir, >n : | H )t >Sinf.; Ijqrd Ituschrrx's nnm. I'nr a grand <ioinniitt.v' t.> '.1 •;[.! w Sootefli business this Tssi<> A Parnt'llili iniiinf, lias hcen issued a^.iinst h-inl K, )Sr X'lTV tlcdaring that, the iuu-n-sts cannot safely 1 •», • t> keeping. Lord 1 juhl>,h-k is tanie League, with strengthening the en; the tnother cnmit it I I ivland ste,i | his a, Kritit IH 'hjeet. of tneel 1!1(! I i hetwe.en colonics. Thr Agents (ieueraJ have 1 ieen inand vitcd to join the I ea have referred the niattei- to their respective, (iovenuuent s. The dynamite epidemic has spread to (lore;!, hut effective measures leave Ven adopted for its suppression. A plot --was recently ; i foot, to hlow up the KIN^ ;MKI his Ministers with dynamite. The plot was, however, discovered, and the persons implicated in it were tried, found guilty, and promptly beheaded. M/. Nctt leship, the well-known occnlist, has certilied that Mr. (iladstone is sutlerin^ from cataract in hoth his eyes. Danish butter is selling at Ills per cwt. Broken Hill 1' roprieLary Company's shares are quoted at -los. I.ON DON, March Mr. (iladstone. has addressed a pathetic letter to Sir John (Wan, the Chair man of his election committee in Midlothian, bidding farewell to his constituents. He warns them that democracy is entering upon a period of ereat moral danger, and-that it will be. well to beware of the temptations which power brings \rifch it. He urge* it to give preference to the interests of the whole of the whole of the community rather than to those of a pail. The Daily Xric-s announces that, th6 New English l-ankol the River Plate has suspended pavnieiit. The Foreign Relations Committee of the United States Senate considers that the existing trea.tv between the United State- and China permits of the restriction of Chinese immigration into the United States. The Kev. Thomas Spurgeon, son of the late Rev. (diaries Spurgeon, has» been elected to succeed his father as pastor of the Metropolitan Tabernacle. Marshal Peixoto, President, of the Brazilian .Republic, has apologised for the arrest of some llrit.ish blue jackets at 11 io de Janeiro recently. The Times denies that Mr. Minidella has decided to resign his position a3' President of the hoard of Trade in the (iovernment, because of hia connection with the New Zealand Loan and Mercantile Agency Company. It adds that the directors are awaiting the etupiirv into the company's operations with equanimity. Mr. James lluddart continues making arrangements in connection with the new steamship service for Australia and Canada, lie has engaged Mr. R. S. White, the designer of the steamship Cani/uniia, to act as nautical adviser of the Company. The new steamers which are to he built will have a tonnage of 10,;300 tons. Competent financial experts declare that Mr. lluddart has the brightest prospects of iloating the Company at the present time, which is, they say, the most opportune that could have been hit upon. The death is announced of Mr. Frederick C. Dalgety, one of the partners in the old firm of Dalgetv it Co., and Chairman of Directors" of the present company of .Dalgety it- Co., Limited. Pears from Cape Colony are being sold retail in London at sixpence each. New South "Wales frozen mutton is quoted at o.id per lb. jSouth Australian wheat, new crop, is selling at 27s 9d per quarter. A* tremendous dynamite explosion occurred at the Spanish seaport of Santander yesterday, while dynamite was being removed from the hulk on which the explosion occurred last November. Manv persons were killed. Later. Twelve persons were killed and thirty injured by the dynamite ex- plosion at Santander. LONDON, March 23. There have been serious riots at Buda- Pesth, the capital of Hungary, arising out of the death of Louis Kossuth, the Hungarian patriot. The theatres refused to close out of respect to Kossuth's memory. The students resented the action, and invading the buildings in a body expelled the actors and audiences. There was also some serious rioting in the streets owing to the refusal of the authorities to hoist black flags on the death of Kossuth being announced. The proposed Chinese .American treaty contains a provision that Americans going to China shall be photographed and registered, as is at present done with Chinese coming to the United States. Count Caprivi, ( 11;111<• eIi<• i • ot the (.ItTinan Itlnipirc, has nuule ;.1 state- ""''it regarding the Russo-C.erman treaty. He says that the Kmperor of Cermaitv concluded t he treaty in the belief that the coming century would demand the coalition of the nations of Kurope m order to meet possible events which the nations would be unable to withstand singly. Mr. Chamberlain addressed a meeting of Unionists at Ldinhurgh yesterday, lie taunted Lord Roarberry with 'putting his heel on the neck of the. Irish question, and apologising when the Irish tigers reared. The fate of Admiral de Cama, one of the insurgent, leaders in the Brasilian civil war, still remains in doubt. The Portuguese Admiral, on whose vessel Admiral de (lama has taken refuge, refuses to land him at, Buenos Ay res. 