NOTES AND COMMENTS. Although the " former rains" epoken of in the Scripturea were not abundant in some parte of our Northern agricultural areas, we have had the "latter rains," which will do a great deal of good, both in filling up the reser voirs, and in bringing forward the summer fodder crops which all provident farmers will sow. Where such provision is not mode it will be a poor prospect for live stock in some places. Near to the ranges of hilly country things are not so bad, and there will be fair crops reaped, and some good natural feed in addition to any that may be oultivated. In the coastal districts generally the crops look very promising, and there are propheoies that hay will be rather too abundant to ensure good prices.. Fruitgrowers generally expect to have good yields of clean fruit, and many of them are beginning to wonder what oan be done with the surplus. They must soon make up their minds to export, manufacture, dry, or preserve it in some way. The Obofs.—A gentleman who has twice reoently passed through some of pur northern oountry has given us the following informa tion:—"At Blackrock crops are very poor, the hot winds on the eeoond of the month having done muoh harm. Some of the wheat was showing only about 6 in. above the ground, but after the rain it looked muoh healthier. A great deal, however, depends upon the remainder of the season. The same remarks apply to Orroroo. At Pekina hopes for a good orop are nob very high, the ram having been patchy. At Walloway and on the plains the orops are poor and dirty. .Under the ranges, where .there has bean more rain things were looking better,and after the gain, a five bnBhel harvest was looked . for.- . At Oarrietbn the orops are very poor, and .at Hammond.it appears doubtful whether, the rain has done any good. At Crystal Brook there are some vary good paddooks to, be seen, and feed is fairly plentiful. At Narridy and < Georgetown there hae been a good downpour, and prospects' are consequently brighter." Oar informant estimates the harvest at six bushels. AFineSampleof Wheat.—Mr. O'Halloran, S.M., who has just returned from an offioial visit to the West Oo&st;, has handed ns a sample of a wheat orop growing on the farm of Mr. J. Grundy, in Hundred of Giles, and about 20 miles from Fowler's. Bay. The stalks, whioh are strong and well grown with a fine healthy appearance, Btand about 4 ft. high, and oarry a long well-filled head of splendid quality grain. The grain is well formed, plump, and large, and should weigh well. The sample, whioh osn be seen at this otiioe, is a splendid testimony of what the West Ooast oan produce in the way of cereals. We are informed that in the wheat distriots to the west a fine fall of I rain was experienced early during the present month, and. that the crops are looking well. Sheep in South Amshioa.—Great efforts erenow being made by the Argentine Go vernment to instruct the more ignorant of the South American sheepfarmers and shepherds, as well as new immigrants, in the best methods of breeding and managing sheep. A pamphlet of " Useful Information" on Bheep whioh we have reoeived from the looal repre sentative of the Bepublio is published in Spanish, French, German, Danish, and Italian, and distributed gratis in very large numbers. Muoh of the information contained in it will be no news to Australians, but it ie interesting to note the admission of the two great causes of the inferiority of South Ameri oan wool, namely, the burrs or seeds of the native olover and other fodder plants, and the old practioe to which lazy shepherds still adhere of folding or penning .their Hooks, so as to avoid the trouble of keeping fenoes in repair. The ground around and in the pen beoomeB filthy in the extreme, and muoh of the wool that goes from Buenos Ayres is more dirt than fibre. The remedy recommended for the burr is to shear before the seeding time of the clover, and chat for the other defect is the adoption of the Australian system of paddocks, giving a free life for the sheep. Desthoving Rabbit and Other Pests.— Messrs. A. M. Bickford & done, Currie- street, have on their premises a sample of MoMabon's ;> Improved mixer for phosphorizing wheat," which it is olaimed will assist materially in the destruction of rabbit and other pests. The mixer" is made of galvanized iron, and is fitted on a neat wooden frame. Into it a bushel of wheat can be plaoed, and the bisulphide of oarbon and phosphorus added. There is no chance of danger to the man turning the machine, as the mouth is at the opposite end to the point where he stands. The distributer, whioh is made in a simple manner, oan be attaohed to a good strong buggy, and oan oover ten to twelve miles a day. It has a shear in front whiob turns over the soil, and the aotion of the wheel from the inaide workings allows a few grains of wheat at a time to be dropped into the furrow. The main objeot of the maohine is the destruction of rabbitB, whioh are likely to eat the poisoned grain left for them. Some maohines are already at work, and it has been notioed that ehoep will not touoh the grain. Cattle fob Batavia and Singapore,—'The Minister controlling the Northern Territory (Hon. F. W. Holder) has reoeived a telegram from the Government Resident, dated October 15, and stating that the oattle steamer Darling, under oontraob with the Government, sailed on Monday for Batavia and Singapore with 201 bullooks. Trial Shipment of Eggs to London.— For the purpose of making a trial shipment to London of South Australian eggs an Adelaide firm haB applied to the Agricultural Depart ment to eeoure for it epaoe for 1 ton of eggs per week in the refrigerating chambers on the ooean liners, and negotiations are being entered into to make the first shipment by the Valetta next week. 