A PROGRESSIVE COUNTRY. Mb. Juan A. Alsina, General Commis sioner of the department of Immigration in the Argeotine- Republic, has kindly for warded two pamphlets containing maeb useful information to immigrants, work men and capitalists on tho subjects of tooaoco aaiture and tno breading and utilization of cattlo in that country. Those pamphlets, we observe, are published in Spanish, English, German,' Danish' and Italian, and are cironlatod gratuitously throughout the world from tho office of tho Immigration Department, 705 Boliva, Buonos Ayree, to whiob address poreoas desirous of information may apply. The braehnros treat of tho advantages that the cultivation of tobacco offers to immigrants, irrigation and ways of communication, duties on foreign tobaccos, statistical in formation of production of tobaoco through out tho world compared with production in tho Argentine Ropublio, etc., in respeot of. tobaoco, ond with regard to cattle tho text is composed of hlnte ae to tho selection of different breeds, pasture lands, cultivated forage, farming, tho milk industry, butter and cheese making, oto., oto. Immigrants under 00 years of ago on arrival at the Eepablio nre boarded and lodgod at tbe cxpenso of tho nation, and, although no fixed time is stated, it is to bo presumed that this hospitality will last until employ ment bo found in such calling or trado as tbero may bo in tho country, or which thoy may prefer, and thoy will also bo trans ported at the expense of tbe nation to suoh locality in the Republic as they may seleot for their residence. Thon, in order that no ono shall havo to complain of wane of In formation suoh of tho Articles of' the National Constitution as arc likely to offset immigrants are reprinted for their edifica tion. Artloles 1, 10, 11 and 12 havo such special interest to thoso who nre earnestly uemruuu ut u»biui>iuk ku juui'iniu iuu nuowu- lian colonics that wo oannotforhear quoting thorn Art. 1.— The Artjont I no Nation ntlopto tbo fodoral republican rcproauutativo form nt Qovcrumont, as eaLibUsbod by tho present Constitution. Art. 10— TUo circulation, In' the interior of tho Bopubllc, of national products and mntmfnoturoM, aud of (foods and morchandlBo'which havo .passed through tho external custom houses, is frco of oil duties. Art. 11.— AU national or foreign produota and manufactures and cattlo of ovory description which pass from tbo territory of ono Provinco to nnotbor, nnd tho vuhioles. vobhoIs or nnlmnlti by which tlioy aro carried, (dial! ho frco of transit dutiorf : ami no other duty shall ho Imposed ou thorn in future, whatever thoir kind, on crossing tho territory. Art. lib— Tho vessels bound from ono Provinco to anothor shall nob ho nhllgod to outer, anchor nnd pny transit duties | and in no enso shall preference bu given by laws or regulations of commorco to ono port ovor another. Then follow in ordor tho Articles of tho Pablio Education Act, which Is "compul sory, gratuitous, gradual and given accord ing to byglenio principles," and tbo law of Argentine citizenship. Tho impression loft after tbo perusal of tho pamphlets is that the Argentina Republic is making a big Sr. Mart's Catuolto Cnuncir, Coeowa. — His Lordship, Dr. Lanigan, Bishop of Goulbarn, wilt bless the now school at 11 a.m. on Sunday next, and the Rev. Dr. Gallaghor-wlll proaoh. His'Lordshlp will ; alio administer tbo rito of confirmation at 3 o'clock in tho aftornoon. « Conowi CnsTou Hours. — The Govern ment arcbiteot, Mr.Thorno, Is at present In Corowa survoying a alto for tho prepossd new Custom Houso. Tbe position selected is near tbe bank of tho river oo tbo approach to tbo Corowa-Wahgunynh bridgoj nnd tho ostimntod . coat is JJ1000. Tbo advooatos of federation look noknnco at this demonstration of provincialism on tho part of tho Dibbs Govornmont, and draw tbo lnferonoo from it that tho old policy of hampering oxobango of products is to be poraovorod in. It pazzles moat peoplo, too, to find ont why tho presont Custom House fails to meet departmental requirements, and why, if it is essential that tbe sub- collector ebould havo greater oontrol oyor imports than he has in Sanger- stroot, a small wooden structure to cost shout £100 should pot amply aufflco, 