[?] The average annual rainfall of the whole globe is estimated at about 60 inches. Nineteen English fire insurance com panies paid out last year more than they received from premiums. The trichinae found in infected pork are sometimes so numerous that 80,000 have Vtnan frmn-1 f.A t.Vio nil Kin lnnVi. Mr Wilson, of the Investors' Beview, is highly favourable in his remarks with regard to the mining resources of West Australia. Mr W. I. Thrower has been nominated for the seat on the Hospital Board r * Tired vacant by the death of Mr B. P. Farrelly. Monson, of Ardlamont mystery fame, says that Scott is in reality one Sweeny, a bookmaker, who is in London, aid who will surrender to the police A writer in the New Zealand Times says : — ' There is no more secure and paying business in the colony than cattle stealing at the present time.' Duringtbepast forty years thepopulation of France has increased by 2,350,000 only, and 39 per cent, of this increase must be put down to immigration. The establishment of juvenile reforma tory schools in Great Britain in 1869 caused in ten years a decrease of 53 per cent, in youthful crime. -., ? Eneland'd foreign debtors owe her ,£2,000,000,000, and are paying her .£100,000,000 a year as interest upon that vast total of indebtedness. The fielding of the Tamar on Saturday against the Esk was one of the met slovenly expositions of that department of the game ever given in senior cricket. It is stated that there are three aspirants for the -Premiership in the Opposition Ministry, and each one is prepared to maintain his position or 'bust up the show.' There is for sale in a Chicago shop an ancient suit of Court garments once worn by a member of? the Irish Parliament about the year 1774, one J. O'Reilly, of County Cavan. French, troops acting with British against the Sofas attacked the British camp by mistake. Fighting took place in which the leaders on both sides and several men were killed. The new Danish, submarine boat has proved a great success. The crew of two men has sustained life for several hours without inconvenience, an additional supply of oxygen being carried. To the perfumes of flowers M. Ungerer ascribes the power of protecting1 against and even arresting consumption- In the perfume distilling town of La Grasse lung troubles are but little known. A ripe tomato will remove ink stains from the hands or from paper or linen. There is no particular knack about it. . All that is to be done is to crush the tomato in your hand and rub the ink spot with the juice. Body of Hurtle Williams, drowned at New Norfolk, recovered. At the inquest the jury added a rider to their verdic* of ''accidentally drowned' to the effect that want of judgment was shown in trying to rescue deceased. Malicious attempt made to set fire to Galloway's Gladstone Hotel on December 29. A hmr nnpmftllv nnnsfcrufifced and filled with combustibles was placed in the chaff house. Inquest adjourned for the produc tion of further evidence. When screws were made by hand five minutes were consumed in making one, and they were so expensive that wooden pins were used wherever practical. Now, by the cold-forged process, a single machine will turn out five dozen in a minute. The wool clip of the 1892-93 season in Argentina was 326,000 bales, as against 351,000 bales in the preceding year, a de crease of more that 4 per cent. Though the lambing turned oat well the wool lacked its usual full and healthy growth. A sponge is excellent --for washing windows, and newspapers will polish them without leaving dust and streaks. Use a pine Btick to cleanse the accumulation of dust from the corners of the Bash. Ammonia will give the glass a clearer look than soap. On October 31 the foundation stone of a German Evangelical church was laid at Jerusalem on a site presented by the Sultan, where formerly stood the principal house of the Knights of St. John and the church of Santa Maria Latina Major belonging to that order. The dog has triumphed in Belgium. It has been decided by the administration of railways that a dog is as much entitled to a seat as its owner, and that when a com partment made to hold ten persona contains ton organisms, human and canine,- that Compartment is full. Heavy floods in Gippsland. At Bruthen on Sunday the Tambo river exceeded the height of the 1870 flood, causing heavy losses of live stock. At Bairnsdale much, damage was done to stock and property through the rising of the Mitchell river, and two men were drowned. The modern practice of putting women choristers into surplices has been sternly forbidden by the Bishop of Newark, one of America's prelates. His reason is that, gowned in snowy white, women look so fascinating that they would distract the attention of the congregation. A new phonograph, said to be much simpler than any other so far introduced, has lately appeared in Milan. It can re produce music and the human voice in a most marvellous manner, and one of its features ia its oheapness, the wax cylinders, used costing only 25 centimes. The famous Maori chieffcainess Huriata Hongi, wife of Hone Heke, who urged the first Maori war against the Europeans, is dead. rue amount ot gold m circulation m Great Britain and Ireland is estimated &i; varying, according to circumstances, from .£65,000.000 to .£110,000,000 sterling. The following thrilling sentence ia taken from a recently published society novel :— ' For a whb'e quarter of an hour the young man gazed thoughtfully in the flame of the extinguished candle.' Evidently one Scotchman (says Truth) thoroughly enjoyed. himself on New Tear's T)av ah Svdnp.v. alMimicrii ffnvArnnr T)nff was absent :—' Lost, bagpipes, sports, New Year's Day. Kindly return A. Camp bell, 28 Wilson-street.' Sea sand is often unfit for buildings, even though perfectly deprived of itB salt, the reason being that the particles have been worn and polished until they are without binding power. \- The following figures give the number of suicides in the various armies of Europe per 100,000 men : —Austria i31, Germany 67, Italy 40, France 29, Belgium 24, Great Britain 23, Russia 20, and Spain 14. Prof. Sayce has some curious infor mation in the Contemporary concerning snake worship in modern Egypt. The mulid, or festival of Sheikh Heridi, a sacred snake near Tahta, is still held, and milk and eggs are still provided in many a house hold in the capital, as well as in the vil lages, for the house-snake, who is the tute lary genius of the house, the harras el beyt, a harmless creature, by the way, like the rat snake of India. Prof. Sayce does nob mention the belief current in Cairo of the snake who inhabits the great minaret of the Sultan Hassan Mosque. 