IK'SH SUllXAltES. [?] The publication of a Blue-book on surnames in Ireland comes with special appropriateness, in view of the recent reprint of Dr. Douglas Hyde's eloquent paper on the necessity for de- Anglicising the Irish nation. As Dr. Hyde reminds us, many of the great Norman and English nobles not only lived like native chiefs, but took Irish names : IX. Uourgos becoming Mac Williams, M:ie Pl.ilpins, Mat-Gibbons, .tc , and the Birmingliarus, Stauntons, Prendergasts, and De Courcvs similarly assuming Hil-ernian patronymics. But. as a set otf; in 14 (-.-, Irishmen inside the Pa.l-- were ordered by law to take English names, and many of the lesser families complied w-ith an ordnance the renewal of which was advocated by Spenser the poet one hundred and thirty years later. After Aughriin and the Boyne the pro cess went on rapidly, but according to Dr. Hyde — in the essay on the revival of Irish literature, reviewed in these pages last week — it is the last sixty vears that has wrought the saddest havoc with Milesian names; the strangest part of the business being that typical Irishmen, like Carleton, the novelist, should have been unable to resist the temptation of Anglicising their patronymics. Dr. Hyde knows of scores of Connaught men — O'llulligans, O'Shanahans, O'Honeens, O'Kinsellaghs and the like -who have succumbed to this insidious craze. Even Mr. Davitt has dropped the Mac which properly Wongs to his name ; while ' the Mac Eochagains instead of being all Garbagans or Geoghegans, have — some of them — deformed their names into the monstrosity of Gog^n ? Many of the O'Hagans are now Fagans, and even Dickens's Fagin the Jew has not put a stop to the hideous trans formation.' An O'.Shaughnessy went to Maryland in the middle of the last century, and alas '. all his twelve sons called themselves Chaunceys. Not even the fame of the illustrious Mr. Chauncey Depew, which has prompted a compatriot to say that ' Cicero was the Chauncey Depew of Rome,' can atone for this act of treason. '? In fact,' con tinues Dr. Hyde, 'hundreds of thousands of Irishmen prefer to drop ?;il! themselves Gruggins or Dugffan, or Higgins or Guthry, or any other beastly name, in preference to the surnames of warriors, saints, and poets ; and the ojelancholy part of it is, that not one single word of warning or remonstrance has been raised, as far as I am aware, against this colossal cringing, either by the public press or public nieii.'1 The Blue-hook, prepared with great skill and industry by Mr. Robert Mat hesun, the Assistant Kegistrar (ieueral of Ireland, though it bears out to a considerable extent the strictures of Dr. Hyde, is, at the same time, not example, it is a great consolation to find that in the list of the hundred principal Irish surnames taken from the Births' Ind^s. of 1S90, Murphy stands at the head of ibe list, representing an esti mated number of 6^,600 persons bearing that name, or 13-3 per thousand uf the population. Kelly and Sullivan are second and third : while the ' beastly ' Saxon monstrosity, Smith, which easily heads the list both in England and Scotland, only occupies dit fifth place in Ireland. It is only lght to .state that Murphy itself is pronounced by the authorities to 1*; an Anglicised form of M'Murrough, the ikl royal family of Leinstet, but even in this corrupt form it is slill r»l..lnutuf' the .viii. And it is pleasant to find in I th.- tir.,t bui.dml »uni.-iiu.^ .-ucti ,-s ^?i.ti:.!lv Mil--.-i..u i'..l,.j :,, O,],r..,r .-i:,d .\\!-i;.ili!iy. -iM- Ji-i- ;iu-l hlio-linn, li !)..r.i..-il .iud Du;ly. rlmai?!! and .V«lici. LMinty luid'M-Dcriiiuli. Ill othrr words, most of the commonest surnames in Ireland are peculiar to that country, and represent the names of Irish Clans and Septs. And the once brutal hut now penitent Saxon may at least take comfort from the reflection that where these names have been simplified or otherwise altered, the owners have been responsible for such modification. Perhaps the worst in stance of this 'monstrous transmo graphying,' as Dr. Hyde calls it, is furnished in Mr. ilatheson's interesting notes on the derivation of surnames. For there, under the heading of ' Surnames derived from Personal Names,' we read : — ' Moot is also prefixed to tin: names of Saints, signifying a bald or tonsured person who became the spiritual servant of such Saint, as Maol Dubhan [Maoldun], the servant of St. Dubhan. Anglicised, — Muldoon.' And Muldoon, as we may remind our readers, is now become a name steeped in Trans pontine and music-hall associations. undei this category are interesting, inasmuch as they include Roberts and Lawrence, of warlike fame ; and Jame son, inseparably associated with Ire land s national beverage. Under a Home-rule Parliament, we may expect to see the illustrious ' J..J.' compelled to change his name to 'Shawn Mac-Shamus.' The surnames derived from rank and occupation are also worth study, inasmuch as the English section includes that of Sexton which clamours for instant de-Anglicisation. The only difficulty in the way of such a step is the emlmrras dc ric/iesten presented by the splendid list of the principal ancient Celtic families compiled by Mr. Matheson, comprising about one hundred and forty in Mac and upwards of five hundred in O. We cannot refrain from quoting, in evidence of the magnificent sonority of these patronymics, the names of llacGiollamhoImoge, Mac Gulshenan, ITacOiraghty, O'Dooyarraa, O'Howley, CVQuigley, O'Mulclohy, and O'Mulmoghery. Many of the names in this list are extinct, but a large propor tion are still in evidence, and what is more, in nearly every case the fatuities bearing them are to be found in the same localities formerly inhabited by them, — Dohertys in Donegal, Driscolls in Cork, Macdermotts in Connaught, Meaghers in Tipperary, and O'SuIlivans ia Cork and Kerry. It is a notorious fact, already alluded to, that many of the families which have come to be regarded as typically Irish are of alien extraction. Thus, the Plunketts are of Danish origin ; the Burkes, Dillons, Roches, Husseys, and all the tribe of Fitz are Anglo-Norman ; while the Mit chells are English. The Cornish names in Ireland are few and far between, but evidence of an extensive 'Welsh immi gration is forthcoming in the fact that at the present day the name Walsh — pronounced Welsh — is to be met with in nearly every county in Ireland. The the Baronies of Forth and Bargy, in County Wexford, who maintained their ancient manners, customs, and langoage for some four hundred years, no longer deserves the title of a ' peculiar people,' given to them by Mr. H. C. Hall in 1'U1, the Forth dialect having practic ally died out, though many of the old family names — Codd, Sinnott, Hossiter, and Walsh — are still very common in the neighbourhood. The Huguenots were granted letters of naturalisation in 1UT4, and founded colonies in Dublin, Kilkenny, Portarlu.gton, Waterford, Cork, and Lisburn. Many prominent and distinguished Irishmen have borne, and still hear, Huguenot names, — of the La Touches, Trenches, Le Fevres, Lefroys, and Lefanus, of the last of whom one may say, in the best sense, that they are ffibernU ipnijs Hibeniiore*. The focus clansi&us; for tiie H uguenots at the present day is the Townland of Deerpark, near Portarlington, where there are three families of Blancs, who have followed the trade of butchers, without intermission, for one hundred and fifty years. The German nnnii granu, who came over from the PaL-- Lin.in- of the Rhine in 1709, and s-tllwl principally in the county of l.iirerii-k. may still he traced by their i,.-i.,.,-s Swiizer, Ludwig, K.'ynard, lioviiniztr, belnii-j.-, Ac rind their physical ch- iracu-rt.lio, in the neigh buurliuod of Pallaskwiry, Court Matrix, BaUingran, and Killilieen. They are known as ' Palatines,' and still cling together like the members of a clan. The latest, and not the least significant, immigration has been that of the Jews, whose scanty numbers hare been very largely swelled daring the decade 1881 90, by the advent of newcomers from Russia and Poland. ' Most of these,' writes Mr. Matheson, ' hare settled in Dublin, where, on the south side of the city, th«y h;ive formed a Jewish quarter, and opi-ued several synagogues.' Per haps the explanation of the fluctuations in Irish nomenclature which have moved the indignation of Dr. Hyde, is to be found in the very remarkable figures given on page twenty-six of this fas cinating Blue-book. From these it appears that in lcUl, when the popula tion in Irelaud was well over eight millions, the number of persons resident in Ireland at the time of the Census, but born in Great Britain or elsewhere, amounted to 35,000. In 1891, in a population of under five millions, the cor responding number had risen to 120,000, of whom just 100,000 had been born in Great Britain. And so, to return to Dr. Hyde's delightfully naive paper, in which (without knowing it) he so effectually pricks the bubble of 'Ireland a Nation,' we are moved to offer the following suggestion as to the best means of realising his ideal Since Anglomania (in regard to fashions and Dames) is ingrained in the Irish nature, obviously the true policy to pursue is not that of de- Anglicising the Irish, but of Hibernicising the English. If, for example, Mr. John Aloriey would be induced to change his name to Shawn MaeGioIIamohoImogc, then the Irish patriots would rapidly follow suit, and a golden reign of mellifluous Milesian nomenclature might once more reassert itself throughout the entire Emerald Isle. The ffhUoa UenMZ says :— ' Messrs. Cameron Brothers have severed their con OPcdon with PenoU. Downs, and the property bM been leased to Mesam. Macphereon and Co., of Dagworth. The former owners expect to leave this district for good shortly. The Umbing on all the stations in the district rliis seasou has been a very good one eo far, owing tn the favourable conditions. The losses will, bowever, alao be considerable, as a comparatively Urge number of lambs are sure to get lost and die in the long grass.' The Coolgardie corresponHeot of the KtrilitTii Mbdnrj Register, is a recent letter, says:— 'The population of Knrnalpie at present is as follows (ladies first)— There «t« two of them, and they were received with great cheering, bat I consider the man that rags a woman out to a place like this deserves pole-axing ; about 1SO0 men, about a dozen dogs, a few sick camels, a few thousand crows, myriads of flies (they are a terrible pest), and about 20,000 empty pre served mea: tins, about eighty per cent of them bearing the Rockbampton brand, so that in one respect Queensland benefits by these rushes.' 