IRISH SURNAMES Spectator. The publication of a Blue-book on surnames in Ireland comes with special appropriateness, in view of the recent reprint of Dr. Douglas Hyde's eloquent paper on the necessity for de-Anglicising the Irish nation. As Dr. Hyde reminds us, many of the great Norman and English nobles not only lived like native chiefs, but took Irish names ; De Bourgos becoming Mac Williams, Mac Fliilpins, MacGibbons, &c;, and the Birminghams, Stauntons, Prendergast, and De Coureys similarly assuming Hibernian patronymics. But, as a set off, in 1465, Irishmen inside the Pale were ordered by law to take English names, and many of the lesser- families complied with an ordnance the renewal of which was advocated by Spenser the poet one hundred and thirty years later. After Aughrim and tho Boyne the pro- cess went on rapidly, but according to Dr. Hyde-in the essay on the revival of Irish literature, reviewed in these pages last week-it is the last sixty years that lias wrought the saddest havoc with Milesian names; the strangest part of the business being that typical Irishmen, like Carleton, the novelist, should have been unable to resist the temptation of Anglicising their patronymics. Dr. Hyde knows of scores of Connaught men-O'Mulligans, O'Shanahans, O'Honeens, Q'Kinsellaghs and thc like- who have succumbed to this insidious croze. Even Mr. Davitt has dropped the Mac which properly belongs to his name ; while " the Mac Eochagains instead of being all Garhagans or Geoghegans, have-some of them- deformed their names into the monstrosity of Goggin. Many of the O'Hagans are now Fagans, and even Dickens's Fagin the Jew has not put a stop to the hideous trans- formation." An O'Shaughnessy went to Maryland in the middle of the last century, and alas ! all his twelve sons culled themselves Chaunceys. Not even the fame of the illustrious Mr. Chauncey Depew, which has prompted a compatriot to say that " Cicero was the Chauncey Depew of Rome," can atone for this act of treason. " In fact," con- tinues Dr. Hyde, " hundreds of thousands of Irishmen prefer to drop their honourable Milesian names, and call themselves Groggins or Duggan, or Higgins or Guthry, or any other beastly name, in preference to the surnames of warriors, 6aints, and poets ; and thc melancholy part of it is, that not one single word of warning or remonstrance has been raised, as far as I am aware, against this colossal cringing, either by the public press or public men." The Blue-book, prepared with great skill and industry by Mr. Robert Matheson, the Assistant Registrar- General of Ireland, though it bears 0ut to a considerable extent the strictures of Dr. Hyde, is, at the same time, not destitute of reassuring features. For example, it is a great consolation to find that in the list of the hundred principal Irish surnames taken from the Birth index of 1800, Murphy stands at the liead of the list, representing an esti- mated number of 02,600 persons bearing that name, or 13.3 per thousand of the population. Kelly and Sullivan are second and third ; while the " beastly " Saxon monstrosity, Smith which easily heads the list both in England and Scotland, only ocoupies the fifth place in Ireland. It is only right to state that Murphy itself is pronounced hy the authorities to be a Anglicised form of M'Murrough, the old royal family of Leinster, but even in this corrupt form it is still redolent of. the soil. And it is pleasant to find in the first hundred surnames such es- sentially Milesian forms Connor and M'Carthy, Gallagher and Sheehan O'Donnell and Duffy, Flanagan and Maher, Doherty and M'Dermott. In other words, most of the commonest surnames in Ireland are peculiar to that country, and represent the names of Irish Clans and Septs. And the once brutal but now penitent Saxon may at least take comfort from the reflection that where these names have been simplified or otherwise altered, the owners have been responsible for such modification. Perhaps the worst in- stance of this "monstrous transmo- graphying," as Dr. Hyde calls it, is furnished in Mr. Matheson's interesting notes on the derivation of surnames. For there, under the heading of " Surname derived from Personal Names," we read :—" Maol is also prefixed to the names of Saints, signifying a bald or tonsured person who became the spiritual servant of such Saint, as Maol- Dubban [Maoldua], the servant of St. Dubhan. Anglicised,—Muldoon." And Muldoon, as we may remind our readers is now become a name steeped in Trans- pontine and music-hall associations The names of English origin which fell under this category are interesting, inasmuch as they include Robert; and Lawrence, of warlike fame ; and Jame- son, inseparably associated with Ire- land's national beverage. Under a Home-rule Parliament, we may expect to see the illustrious " J.J;" compelled to change his name to "Shawn Mac-Shamus." The surnames derived from rank and occupation, are also worth study, inasmuch as the English section includes that of Sexton which clamours for instant de-Anglicisation. The only difficulty in the way, of such a step is the embarras de richesses presented by, the splendid list of the principal ancient Celtic Families compiled, by Mr. Matheson, comprising about one hundred and forty in Mac and upwards of five hundred in O. We cannot refrain from quoting, in evidence of the magnificent senority of these patronymics, the names of MacGiollatnholmoge, Mac- Gulshenan, MacOiroghty, O'Dooyarma O'Howley, O'Quigley, O'Mulclohy, and (O;Mulmoghery. Many of the names in this list are extinct, but a large propor- tion are still in evidence, and what is more, in nearly every case the families bearing them are to be found in the same localities formerly inhabited by them,—Dohertys in Donegal, Driscolls in Cork, Macdermotts in Connaught. Meaghers in Tipperary, and O'Sullivans in Cork and Kerry. It is a notorious fact, already alluded to, that many of the families which have come to be regarded as typically Irish are of alien extraction. Thus, the Plunketts are of Danish origin ; the Burkes, Dillons, Roches, Husseys, and all the tribe of Fitz are Auglo-Norman ; while the Mit- chells are English. The Cornish name: in Ireland are few and far between, but evidence of an extensive Welsh immi- gration is forthcoming in the fact that at the present day the name Walsh pronounced Welsh-is to be met with in nearly every county in Ireland. The curious settlement of Welsh colonists is the Baronies of Forth and Bargy, in County Wexford, who maintained their ancient manners, customs, and language for some four hundred years, no longer deserves the title of a " peculiar people," given to them by Mr. S. C. Hall in 1841, the Forth dialect having practic- ally died out, though many of the old family names-Codd, Sinnott-, Rossiter, and Walsh-are still very common in the neighbourhood. The Huguenots were granted letters of naturalisation in 1674, and founded colonies in Dublin, Kilkenny, Portarlington, Waterford, Cork, end Lisburn. Many prominent and distinguished Irishmen have borne, and still bear, Huguenot names, amongst whom mention may be made of the La Touches, Trenches, Le Fovres, Lefroys, and Lefanus, of the last of whom one may say, in thc best sense, Mutt tliey are flibvri tit y wis liiberniorcs. The locus classieux for the t'uguenotsat tho present day is the Townland of Deerpark, near Portarlington, where there are three families of Blancs, who have followed the trade of butchers, without intermission, for one hundred and fifty years. The German immi- grants, who came over from the Pala- tinate of the Rhine in 1709, and sotllud principally in tho county of Limerick, may still VIP traced by their names - Switzer, Lodwig, Reynard, Bovairáur, Delmege, &c.-and; their physical characteristics, in the neigh- bourhood of Pallaskenry, Court Matrix, Ballingran, and Killihnen. They are known as " Palatines," and still fling together like the members of a clan. The latest, and not the least significant, immigration has been that of the Jews, whose scanty .lumbers have been very largely swelled during the decide 1881- 90, by the advent of newcomers from Russia and Poland. " Most of these writes Mr. Matheson, " have settled in Dublin, where, on the south side of the city, they have formed a Jewish quarter, and opened several synagogues" Per- haps the explanation of the fluctuations in Irish nomenclature which have moved the indignation of Dr. Hyde, is to be found in the very remarkable figures given on page twenty-six of this fas- cinating Blue-book. From these it appears that in 1841, when the popula- tion in Ireland was well over eight millions, the number of persons resident in Ireland at the time of the Census, but born in Great Britain or elsewhere, amounted to 30,000. In 1891, in, a population of under five millions, the cor- responding number had risen to 120,000, of whom just 100,000 had been born in Great Britain. And so, to return to Dr. Hyde's delightfully naive paper, in which (without knowing it) he so effectually pricks the bubble of "Ireland a Nation," we are moved to ofter the following suggestion as to the best means of realising his ideal. Since Anglomania (in regard to fashions and names) is ingrained in the Irish nature, obviously the true policy to pursue is not that of de-Anglicising the Irish, but of Hibernicising the English. If, for exnmple, Mr. John Morley would be induced to change his name to Shawn MacGiollamohohnoge, then the Irish patriots would rapidly follow suit, and a golden reign of mellifluous Milesian nomenclature might once more reassert itself throughout the entire Emerald Isle. 