Every day makes the railway question more urgent, more important, and more difficult to solve. Mr Williams has promised that the Cabinet shall give it immediate consideration; but he is evidently in a dilemma, and is unlikely to bo able to help his colleagues. There is one point on which he is certainly mistaken, and on which he is likely to mislead the Government, as he un doubtedly misled the deputation whicli waited upon him on Thursday, un less he gives it closer exami nation, and discovers his error. That point is involved in his assertion that New South Wales and South Australia, in the cases where their railway charges are less than those of the Victorian department, suffer even greater losses than we do. The facts are quite the other way. The earnings per train mile in New South Wales are very much higher than those of our lines, and the margin of profit is far greater. The earnings of the New South Wales lines per train mile are 7s IOJd, and the working expenses 43 5Jd, leaving a net profit of 3s 5d per mile ; while all the Victorian lines earn is a profit of 2s per mile. The New South Wales rail ways pay per cent, on the capital invested, which is in all £35,855,271. ■, But of this £1,248,974 has been paid off, leaving £34,606,296, of which £28,000,000 was borrowed at 3£ per cent. The entire deficiency, therefore, in New South Wales is a half per cent, on a balance of £6,606,296, or £lB,OOO in all. That of South Australia is only £26,000, a. sum easily made up, and not alarming in any way. Nearly every difficulty under which our Cabinet labors would be removed if similar results could be achieved here. Nor is this the only point the Cabinet has to consider in this par ticular connection. The railway revenue has declined both in New South Wales and in South Australia; not to such an extent as in Victoria, but very considerably. In those colo nies, however, economy of manage ment keeps pace with the reduction in the receipts. In their last report the New South Wales Commissioners say:— “ The revenue shows a decrease of £113,375; the expenses, however, have been reduced by £146,674, leaving the net result £33,159 better than last year.” Management like this defies reverses, and so does that in South Australia, where a decrease of £7352 in revenue is. met with a saving of £70,530. In each of those colonies the Commissioners Bpend only about £5610s out of each £lOO they earn. Up to the present time our Commis sioners have not been able to work under £6O, and last year they spent £63 ss. It is not likely that anyone desires to embarrass the Government, and assuredly we have no such wish, since we recognise the exceeding difficulty of the position. Still, it can do no good to ignore facts; and those we have just stated, taken as they are from the latest official returns, are quite inconsistent with the views expressed by the Minister of Railways. No one would willingly increase the disabilities under which the farmers labor. It is a mat ter for national humiliation that the ad joining colonies should be able to carry goods at much lower rates than those charged on our lines, and yet make a profit far beyond our reach. This, however, is incontestably the case. The rates for grain in New South Wales are but six-tenths of a penny •per ton per mile, while hay, straw, and chaff are carried for nine-tenths of a halfpenny per ton per mile, and the arrangements are infinitely less costiy and cumbersome than those onVictorian lines. The weak point in Mr Williams’ position is that he does not recognise the possibility of economy, butplumply declares that any modification of rates must lead to losses only to be recouped out of revenue. This means new taxa tion for a specific purpose, since the present revenue is avowedly insuffi cient. Unfortunately the community is not in a position to bear new taxa tion for such a purpose. The terrible straits to which agriculturists are reduced are felt upon all hands, and are seen with the deepest sympathy. Yet it is unlikely that any Minister would venture to submit a budget in which reductions in railway rates to the extent of a quarter of a million, say ten per cent, of the probable receipts, would have to be recouped by any possible impost. Unless the Commissioners or the Minis ter can economise no reductions are possible. Their liberal intentions no doubt make them popular in some quarters, but somebody must pay for this open-handed generosity, and at present it really looks as though a heavy tariff of freights was being maintained simply because the econo mies practised in New South Wales, where, by the way, the employes on the lower grades are better paid than they are here, are disdained by the Victorian authorities. If ever Victoria is to command that share of the British provision trade which her natural advantages would enable her to supply, she will have to give the British consumer a chance of judging for himself as to the quality and price of her produce. To rely upon the British merchant to force the market is all nonsense. In the absence of popular demand he will buy nothing, and when popular demand is created ho will cheat it if he can get an extra profit by so doing. Over and over again it has been shown how best Australian butter is passed off as Danish, merely because the latter had possession of the market, while any rubbish obtainable was labelled Australian. In a similar fashion prime Australian beef and mutton was passed as home grown, and inferior refuse stock palmed off as Australian meat. There is only one way to prevent fraud and push trade, which is to have a great attractive central depot, open to all people, under charge of skilled salesmen, paid to display and dispose of goods to the best advantage. Public pressure would soon compel tradesmen to supply themselves were this measure taken, a depot opened, and judicious advertising brought into play, and the future of the trade would be secure. South Australia has recognised this necessity by opening a London depot for South Australian wines in charge of a skilled expert. No wines will be allowed in the depot excepting those which have been examined in Adelaide by the Government expert, who will take samples direct from the casks as they stand on the wharf await ing shipment. The wine when received in London will be again tested by an expert in Government employment, and treated under his supervision in such a manner as may make it fit for market. It will thus leave the depot with a guarantee of its quality, and will be labelled in such a way as to let the public know it is certified as genuine. All consignors will be treated alike, and fair charges will be made for the work done. It is, of course, provided that the official certificate will be withheld from any wine which is not equal to standard. Now in this very matter of wine the South Australians are at a direct dis advantage, since their wines are too strong and sweet for British taste. But, of course, they will get what market there is, and will likewise pre judice the lovers of light wines against the name of the Australian vintage. Surely, now that we are beginning the meat trade and extending the butter trade, we, too, might afford a central depot, in which our produce might be stored, inspected, certified, and exhi bited for sale. The draft estimates, as submitted to the special meeting of the City Council last night, showed the following principal item's :—Re ceipts—Rates, £16,000; licenses, £3926 2s; Cattle-yards dues, £1S00; Haymarket, £1150; rents, £670. The total was set down at £25,713 2s Id. The expenditure list showed—lnterest and sinking fund, £4159; public works {includ ing hired labor and maintenance, £7710), £lO,llB 14s 3d; lighting, £1900; salaries and wages, £1205; nightsoil, £300; Victoria Park, £250; Country Fire Board, £513; charities, £316; Cattle- yards, £525; Haymarket, £350; botanic, £1500; Wendouree, £900; mayor’s al lowance, £300; purchase land, Loch avenue, £3OO. The credit balance is estimated at £1449 10s lOd. The Hon. R. T. Vale, M.L.A., attended the meeting of the local Trades’ Hall Council last night, and was heartily welcomed. In intro ducing the hon. gentleman the president, Mr M'Lachlan, remarked that Mr Vale was the nominee of the Trades’ Hall at the recent elections. He was chosen because he was re garded by the workers as the straightest man in the field. He had at all times sympathised with and supported labor, and if Parliament were composed of honest and honorable, con sistent and conscientious men like him, the country would be better off. Mr Vale, who on rising was greeted with continued applaase, said he was glad of the opportunity of thanking those who had interested themselves to return him to Parliament. Personally, he had not solicited one vote. He was particularly grateful to the council for its support, and could not but admire the astute ness and ability displayed in connection with the election, the result of which must have been gratifying to labor. (Applause.) He was glad that Colonel Smith," whose actions were always straightforward, had been chosen as his colleague. The elections throughout the colony Bhowed that the masses intended to exercise control. His politics-were well known. There was no polish about him.and he had no admiration for bunkum. (Hear, hear.) He was a parochial politician. The foundation of an empire depended upon well-tp-do masses. He bad been in the colony exactly 42 years that day, _ and his _ observations during. that time convinced him that the legislation of the past had not been altogether conducive to the welfare of the people. (Applause.) Many years ago he knew a man in Beechworth [ who left the colony to return to America, his • reason being that a country that made its money out df its grass was not a place for a white man. There seemed something prophetic about that. The professional naeii. were mis taken in imagining that their interests were apart from the workers, and the latter were sometimes inconsiderate in dealing with Chinese in preference to Europeans merely on account of cheapness. Mr Vale then referred to the necessity for increasing population, not by immigration and cheap passages, but by production and development of natural re sources, which would bring a desirable Class of people here. He then went on to say that com pulsory boards of conciliation were required for labor troubles, and when that principle ob tained the common sense of the people would soon settle all grievances. Mr Vale concluded by saying he was glad of his inclusion in the Ministry, and would there do all in his_ power for those who had placed him in a position of which he had a right to be proud. Mr Vale resumed his seat amidst applause. Elijah Cockroft, found guilty and sentenced to death for the murder of his brother’s sweet heart, Miss Fanny Mott, at Nurrabeil, in the Horsham district, some time ago, was brought to the Ballarat Gaol yesterday afternoon. The transfer was supposed to be quietly conducted, but his expected arrival seemed to be widely known, for a number of people assembled on the platform to catch a glimpse of the prisoner. The condemned man, who appeared quite composed, was taken along the street from the station to the prison by two Ararat constables —Lewis and Thompson. He was handcuffed, and walked quietly with his cus todians. Yesterday’s conference of representatives of railway leagues relative to the proposed exten sion of a line through the mallee to Mildura was resultless, apart from the fact that advocates of the rival routes again affirmed the desirability of such an extension, and agreed to each place their arguments before the Railways Standing Committee and allow that body to be the judges as to the best course for the line to take. The discussion was long, cross-firing wa3 frequent, and the ex-mayor (Cr T. H. Thomp son) had far greater difficulty in upholding the laws of debate than he has yet had at meetings of the City Council. The representatives of the Ballarat League were evidently perfectly willing to ratify the compromise arrived at some time ago as to the junction of the rival lines at a certain point in the county of Kar karooc {defined elsewhere), while Cr D. B. Lazarus, of the Bendigo and Wycheproof League, eloquently declared that all should pull together in the interests of the general community and, setting aside local differences, endeavor to arrive at the route which would be absolutely the best for the country. MrFincham evidently held a brief for the advocacy of the Dimboola and Jeparit section, and proceeded to point out what was termed the untrue state ments made relative to the value of the land which the Wycheproof route traversed. Mr Ogburn then took up arms, and what with in terjections and “ personal explanations,” there was enough spoken to fill a fair sized volume. The peculiarity of the matter was, however, that while'ull expressed themselves as being in favor of “ the very best route possible,” there was at least an evident fear on the part of some that the rival routes would receive too much consideration. As Mr Ogburn expressed it “ everybody’s baby was the best.” A pro position was at last made to the effect that the conference should be adjourned for a month to allow of the different routes being considered. This brought Mr R. T. Vale to his feet, and that gentleman proceeded to advise the con ference not “ to fool with the matter.” He pointed out that he had been supporting a cer tain route, and if the motion were carried previous decisions would be revoked, and mem bers of Parliament probably blamed for the crass stupidity of others. Eventually, after a discussion lasting over two hours, it was de cided to ask the Government to instruct the Railways Standing Committee to determine the best possible and to adjourn the con ference for from a month to six weeks to urge the necessity of railway extension to Mildura. At Lake Wendouree this afternoon the formal opening of the rowing season, 1894-05, will take place. It is expected that the three clubs will bring all their boats into requisition, so that the public will have a good opportunity of jndgiug the respective strength of each. Pro ceedings will commence at about 3 o’clock by a procession of boats, and every member is re quested to be in attendance at that hour. The outing promises to be very successful, and visitors to the lake are assured of an enjoyable afternoon. Ab will be seen from a report elsewhere a conference of representatives of the Ballarat City, Ballarat East, Bendigo, and Ararat Councils yesterday condemned the present Fire Brigades’ Act and its administration by the Country Fire Board, and resolved to depu tationise the Chief Secretary to make such amendments as will place the country fire sys tems under local control. Yesterday afternoon the half-yearly meeting of shareholders in the Ballarat Woollen and Worsted Company was held at the mill, Sunnyside. Mr Alex. Bell, chairman of direc tors, presided, and in moving the adoption of the report, which he regarded as thoroughly satisfactory, gave some additional particulars of an interesting character. He referred to the progress made since the opening of the mill 21 years ago, and compared the financial state ments, showing the advances made each year. Mr Bell’s remarks are fully reported in another portion of The Star. At the conclusion of the business the chairman announced that a divi dend of 7J per cent, per annum on the prefer ential shares would bo payable at the company’s office on and after Ist November. Tho following motions on notice will be sub mitted to the meeting of the City Council on Monday by Cr Elliott:—“That in future all out- door employment under the council shall bo givon to ratepayers of not loss than six months’ residence in the City.” “ That in future, all conditions of contracts let by this council shall contain a clause roquiringthat contractors shall employ only ratepayers of this City of not loss than six' months’ residence.” Statements were made at the shareholders meeting yostorday that tho Sunnyside Woollen Mill Company paid tho highest prices, and secured the best wool in the market for the production of its material. At the conclusion of tho meeting a quantity of wool, purchased in Melbourne last week, and which has been pronounced by experts to be of tho very finest quality, was placed upon tho table for inspec tion. The company’s flag was hoisted yester day for the first time, tho meeting being tho first since they had freed themselves from debt. Certain statements having been made ns to the working of the employes at tho Botanical Gardens the City Council last night decided to invite Mr Longley to attend an adjourned meeting of tho council on Thursday evening next. A report of last night’s meeting is given elsewhere. Constable Nicholson proceeded against John Vance at the City Police Court yesterday, on a charge of furious driving on the Bth October. The evidence showed that Vance had engaged in a race with another man round the lake. Mr E. P. Wynne appeared for the prosecution, and Mr Tuthill for the defendant. A fine of 10s with £2 2s costs was imposed. Constable Nicholson also proceeded against Vance and two other men named Willis and Reece for using insulting words. Reece was further charged with refusing to move on when ordered to do so. Mr Wynne appeared on behalf of -the complainant, and the defendants, who pleaded not guilty, wore represented by Mr Tuthill. Constable Nicholson stated that the insulting words were used by the de fendants when he spoke to Vance about furious driving. The three defendants were most in sulting in their behavior. Evidence was al-o given by R. M'Donald, W. B. Bannerman, C. Taylor, and R. Oldfield. Mr Tuthill contended that the case was a paltry one, and there was nothing of an offensive character said to the policeman. Evidence for the defence was given by several witnesses, who all swore tiiat no offensive words were used. The bench con sidered the charges proved, and fined each of the defendants 10s with 2Ss costs. A mass meeting of railway employds will be held in the Trades’ Hall, Camp street, to-mor row afternoon at half-past 2 o’clock. Messrs W. May, J. B. Johnston, and W. Fennah, of Melbourne, will address the meeting on matters of great importance to all employds. Reference was made at the half- yearly meet ing of shareholders in the Ballarat Woollen and Worsted Company held yesterday to the friendly relations existing between the manage ment and the operatives. The chairman of directors, Mr Alex. Bell, said every employd, from the smallest girl and boy in the works, took as much interest in the progress of the mill as any director or shareholder. Such a condition of affairs he considered highly satis factory. It rendered work pleasant, and gave encouragement to those who had put their money into the concern. In acknowledging a vote of thanks to the management, Mr Grainger said it would be unwise and unfair for him to claim all the credit for the success achieved. His efforts had been ably seconded by the secretary, Mr Ashley, and well backed up by the hands employed, all of whom were good workers, and thoroughly reliable. The Art Gallery is supposed to be open to the public each afternoon from 2 to 5 o’clock. It, however, is generally closed much earlier than 5\. _ Perhaps the council will take notice of this. A circular was received at the meeting of the Trades’ Hall Council last night from the Shearers’ Union giving particulars regarding the cause of the dispute between that body and the capitalists, and soliciting monetary assistance. The appeal was accompanied by the shearers’ manifesto, a copy of which was published in Wednesday’s Star. Mr Joy ex pressed sympathy with the shearers in their struggle. He deprecated violence on the part of tne unionists, but he contended they had a battleto fight and a principle to preserve. In his opinion it was a shame that in a civilised country like this men had to take the law into their own hands when struggling for liberty and justice. He felt assured that the Hon. R. T._ Vale would use his influence in the Ministry to bring about a properly con stituted tribunal to settle trade dissensions. The president referred to the statements pub lished regarding disturbances and destruction. For these acts the unionists were not respon sible, but they were brought about by loafers and roughs, who went, or wore perhaps sent, for that purpose in order to bring the combined shearers into disrepute. Mr Hurdsfield sug gested that the delegates present should be re quested to lay the matter before their respective societies, and that the Shearers’ Union should be notified that if desired the Trades’ Hall would be placed at the disposal of the officers should they wish to hold public meetings here. He moved accordingly. The proposition was seconded by Mr M’Allan, and agreed to. Yesterday morning, when opening his shop, Mr J. J. Raraelli, tobacconist, &c.;, of Bunin yong, discovered that an attempt had been made to burst open the front door in Warren heip street. A chisel and hammer had evi dently been used, but (writes our correspon dent), owing to certain precautions taken by the owner of the shop, the would-be burglars were frightened away. A large iron spike was placed in such a position that any movement of the door would knock it to the floor, and thus make a loud noise. This happened, and the burglars “ left.” W. Griffiths’ Railway Station hotel was entered by burglars, three of the bed rooms were ransacked, but nothing was dis covered that was worth taking away. Avery successful band of hope meeting took place in Scots’ Church schoolrooin yesterday evening. A tirst-class musical and literary pro gramme was pleasingly carried out by the Misses Munro, Dobbie, Roberts, 3ilney, Dorter, Gunn, and Dickson, and Masters Wallace, Anderson, and Arthur Kiel. The feature of the entertainment was an exhibi tion of club swinging, rod exercises, and dumb bells by a number of clever children trained by Mi3s Macartney. This i3 the only band of hope in the colony that embraces calisthenics with temperance, but, by last night’s performance, the introduction i3 regarded with favor. The various exercises were gone through with the greatest precision and ease, evidencing that the little folk enjoy the actions, and that the instructress has devoted much time and attention to her pupils. The Rev. W. Fraser presided, and gave a stirring address. The accompaniments were skilfully played by Mrs Dorter. Owing to the heavy business sheet at the City Police Court yesterday, the Warden’s Court, which was to have been held, had to be postponed. Several of the applications set down for hearing were adjourned for a fort night, and one case was postponed until this morning. The business of the police court occupied nearly seven hours, the usual ad journment for lunch being dispensed with, the court only rising for 10 minutes. At the meeting of the Trades and Labor Council last night the president, Mr M‘Lach lan, referred to the ballot taken by the Boot makers’ Union on the proposal of the manufac turers to introduce wages in substitution for the piecework system. He was glad that an almost unanimous vote had been recorded against any interference with the method of work that for many years had been found the most suitable for working the trade. The decision of the operatives showed that the spirit of unionism was still prevalent and that it guided the bootmakers to vote solidly against a change that undoubtedly meant a reduction in their earnings. In answer to a question, Mr Swencer, the representative of the union, stated that the dispute was still unsettled. Some new developments had just taken place, which would be dealt with at a meeting of the organi sation to be held to-day. Next Friday has been fixed as the date for the very interesting lecture on his journey across China from Shanghai to Rangoon, which Dr Ernest Morrison has kindly consented to deliver in aid of the Old Soldiers’ Home, Drys- Jale. It will be remembered that Dr Morri son, after he severed hi3 connection with the Ballarat Hospital, proceeded to China, and performed the wonderful feat of going unarmed and unattended across China from Shanghai to Rangoon. The lecture will be given in the Mechanics’ Institute, under the auspices of Lieutenant-Colonel Greenfield and the officers and members of the Ballarat Militia. A notable feature of the lecture will be that Dr Morrison will wear the Chinese coßtume and pig-tail he adopted as his dress while in China. Tickets may be procured at Sutton’s, where seats can be reserved. Mr M'Allnn moved at the meeting of the Trados Council last night for the appointment of a deputation to wait upon the City Council, asking that body to fix a minimum rate of wageß for work in connection with municipal contracts. The motion waß seconded by Mr Joy, supported by Mr Hurdsfield, and carried. The president and secretary were appointed. At the City Police Court yesterday John R. Perryman was fined £5 for having his bar door open during prohibited hours on the morning of the 9th October. Mr Pearson appeared for the defendant. Thomas William Simpson, licensee of Kohl’s hotel, pleaded guilty to a charge of Sunday trading, and was fined £2. A number of debt cases wore also dealt with by the court. Mr Leader, P.M., and Messrs Acheson, Archer, Longhurst, Cooke, Hurds field, and M'Naught, J’s.P., presided. An exhibition will be held on Wednesday, 31st October, by the Ladies’ Art Association in connection with the Ballarat Art Gallery. Amongst the prizes, which are open for com petition to all amateurs and art students, is one of £lO 10s for a landscape in oil or water colors, the prize picturo to become the property of the association. IncludfnJrThe principal prize, the value of the awards offered totals 28 guineas. The £lO 10s and £5 0s prizes are open to pro fessionals ns well as amateurs. The members of the Ballarat East Board of Advice were waited on yesterday by a deputa tion from the committee of the Agricultural show with reference to the date fixed by them for running their annual excursion to Mei bom no, viz. the loth November, that being the day for holding the nnnual Bhnw. The board were asked to postpone their excursion to the 22nd November, and if arrangements can bo made with the Railway Department, it is the intention of the board to accede to tho request of tho deputation. A first-class portrait in oils of the late Hon. James Campbell, from the brush of the woll known local artist, Mr Price, is now on view at the Art Gallery. Considering Mr Camp bell's intimate connection with Ballarat from early boyhood to death, and the prominent part he took in the public affairs of this city and of the colony, an effort is being made to securo tho picture for the gallery. It will be on view for two or three days. There was a crowded attendance at the Baptist Church, Dawson street, last night, when a group meeting was held in connection with tho Christian Endeavor Societies of Balla rat. Mr Alf. White, of the Ebenezer Presby terian Society, presided. Mr Fricke (Baptist Endeavor) and other representatives, occupied seats unon the platform. The Rev. Mr Chap man, of Melbourne, gave an eloquent address on “Consecration.” Several appropriate hymns were sung to accompaniments played by Miss Ditchburn. Our Cambrian Hill correspondent writes:— “The supply of milk to our local creamery is much more than was expected, being about -100 gallons per day. The milk, too, gives the highest percentage of butter of any creamery in connection with the Buninyong Butter Fac tory.” Anniversary services in connection with the Wesleyan Church, Black Lead, were celebrated on Sunday and Monday last. Three services were held on Sunday—in the morning by Mr Blewitt; afternoon and evening by Rev. J. J. Brown, who delivered practical and impressive sermons to good congregations. On Monday evening a tea and coffee social was held; Mr J. Porter in the chair; the Rev. S. Knight gave one of his stirring addresses. The choir, assisted by Messrs H. Harris, F. Williams and D. Jones, sang some nice anthems, which gave great satisfaction, judging from the applause which followed each item. Altogether the anniversary was a success. Mr Thos. W. Williams, after a residence of 10 years in Perth, Western Australian, is’now on a visit to this city, with the intention of opening a temporary office for the sale of Perth city and suburban blocks. Mr Williams was for many years a resident of Creswick, and is the second son of the late Rev. Thomas Wil liams, of Seymour Crescent, Ballarat. His great experience gained in this and the pre sent land of his adoption should prove useful to those who require information, or desire to invest in the coming new and great city of the west. As soon as he has completed his ar rangements, due notice will appear in our advertising colurrtns. At the Barkly street Wesleyan Church last night the Rev. R. Keith-Mackay, of Melhourne, delivered his interesting lecture, “ How’s that, umpire ?” to a large audience. The Rev. J. A. Marsland occupied the chair. The lecture, which was replete with amusement and in struction, was listened to with keen attention by the audience, who frequently applauded the lecturer. During the evening musical selec tion were rendered by the choir, under the leadership of Mr T. Opie. Mr W. Bossence presided at the organ. The proceeds from the entertainment are to be devoted to the organ fund. Spsaking on the minimum wage question at the Trades’ Council meeting last night, Mr M’Allan said the Western Oval was a disgrace to any community. Melbourne had over a dozen grounds, and kept them all in good order. Other places had splendid reserves and resorts, and it was shameful that Ballarat, the second city in the colony, hadn’t a decent sporting field. The annual sale of gifts in connection with St. Peter’s, which has been regularly held each year at the end of October, takes place in the Bchool hall on Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday next, opening on Wednesday evening and continuing the afternoon and evening of both succeeding days. There will be the . fol lowing stalls:—Cake, flower, lolly, needlework, fancy, dolls, produce, and toilet. The . general decorations of the stalls and building, we understand, are designed on a general artistic plan, and are expected to elicit surprise and admiration. There is also to be a novelty in the Bhape of a Japanese tea room for rot- . Special competitions in 33 classes k “““ announced, and prizes donated in v ,? ar ® ** guinea to half a crown. The entri close absolutely on Monday. Th* „? or City, Hon. E. Morey, M.J, c promised to open the sale on' evening. The weights declared in connection •, race meeting to be held on Friday r ' - : Redan racecourse, under the n„-«- : Ballarat Miners’ Turf Club, apYYY ,f >= column. 1 m At the Bungaree Police Court on ti, before Messrs Clohesy and p„rbes r 1 George Allen, truant officer, proceeded''” ! J; several persons for not having c children to attend school for” t h« period—Michael Gilligan, fined 1- Patrick Downes, fined Is, costs Y Magee, fined Is, no costs; John""yv r : ' cases), in each case fined Is, costs of ~? r to cases against Patrick Frawley were’wiY' 1 upon production of medical certificate it 5 children had been suffering from ophthalT' Through the establishment of a 1 0 «] factory and feeding creameries Beaufort correspondent), the dairiiY a ’ is rapidly developing in this district" "o'* Humble and Nicholson’s ammoniac™ refrigerators has been added to the factory with a coolingchamber. Ti,» v was completed yesterday, and the mT' worked smoothly and satisfactorily Ypi cock tester is also being obtained «’n for milk by results. ’' 13 to t>] Messrs Josephs, M‘Kee, Morris anr i \-- J’s.P., attended at the Tow n V* Court yesterday, when four persons »■„, * fined 2s fid with 2s fid coats for driving - out lights. Several debt cases wereY posed of. The Rev. John Nairn, who rec»ntlv W* at the Primitive Methodist Chinch V street, on “ Tam O’ Jack’s lad,” repea»Jf lecture at the Humffray street Church £ night. The entertainment was ereadv joyed by the audience, who frequently t plauded the lecturer. ' v There was a crowded attendance at tip r Police Court yesterday, when Ex-Cr K sought to have William Davis, a bhcksnY bound over to keep the peace tnwar'-h';- After a lengthy hearing, Davis was onla’jT find one surety of £lOO, or two sureties oi-vi that he would keep the peace for 12 ' a a'; 1 A report of the evidence appears in a n column. Mr Martin Reidy, president of theEunnw. shire Council, was yesterday sworn in u ", justice of the peace by Mr Leader P v City Court. ' At the Scarsdale Police Court on Thnr.V before Messrs Bennett, Lynch, and ChrY’ J’s.P., Josiah Semmens proceeded again-! jdi Williams for cutting timber on Crown'hn’- without a license. A fine of £3 10s wa< posed, with 14 days’ imprisonment in ( ].;PT An application by George Sharp for a carria license was granted. Several debt cases vsU also dealt with. The Viticulturist Board is desirous oi«s‘jj lishing a cellar at the experimental vineyard it Ru’therglen, so that the vineyard might !•? made to pay for itself. At present tWgnra have to be sold for whatever the vignerems b the district choose to give— usually a v =r Bmall price. It is aDo thought that in conn?c tion with the cellar a school of viticulture mijht be formed, the fees from students at able would go far towards recouping the cost of the establishment. The Mackay Sugar Joit r ml estimates that u the result of cane disease, the total yield and sugar in Queensland this year will be raised to 90,000 tons, the highest figure probable. A; Cairns sugar crushing is going on satisfactorily, and preparations are being made for planting an increased area with cane and the enlarge ment of the mill. 