NEWS OF THE DAY. Nominations for the Legislative Council close to-day. English mails by the R.M.S. Ballaarat will be delivered to-day. The Hobart Exhibition committee has been offered the services of an orchestra from Melbourne. The death is announced of the Right Hon. Major-General Sir John Clayton Cowell, K C. B., master of the Queen’a household. The Government bore at Winton township, Queensland, has struck water at 3080 feet. The bore has been at work for five years. America and China have concluded a treaty whereby Chinese immigration into the States is stopped for 10 years. Propstring and Robey, who sold the Huxley Reward claim to Mr Samuel for £1000, have issued a writ for £950, the balance due. The Acting Railway Commissioners have arranged to run a number of cheap farmers' excursion trains next month. It is estimated that the population of Queensland on 30'.h June waß 439,799, an increase for the six months of 4430. At Leghorn, in Italy, a dynamite bomb was thrown among a number of persons who were bathing in the sea, end it exploded, seriously injuring several of them. The officers of the Eaglehawk Borough condemn the department scheme for keeping municipal accounts as inconvenient, laborious, and costly. At Grafton on Wednesday, .Erskine R. Smith, teller of the E., S. and A. Bank, was committed for trial on a charge of stealing £927, the property of the bank. At the annual meeting of the South Aus tralian Gas Company on Wednesday, the balance-sheet showed a profit for the year of £32.041. The Victorian Football Association have appointed Coffey to act ns field umpire irfthe match Ballarat v Imperial, which takes place to- morrow. Mr Balfour, manager of Mohaka station, a brother of thoj manager of the Bank of New Zealand at Napier, has shot himself in his own wool shed. Ho had for some time past been ill and depressed io mind. The Roman Catholics of England have undertaken to build, as a memorial to the late Cardinals Wiseman Bnd Manning, a cathedral in Westminster (the Catholic arch diocese of England). A man who was arrested on Tuesday night for discharging a revolver in Swanston street, carried, besides this weapon, a Bible, £37, two tin whistles, two penknives, and a cork screw ! The Echo, alluding to the prospects of A. E. Stoddart’s team of English cricketers in Australia, expresses the opinion that in tho matches against combined Australia, the team will be deficient in batting strength. Emma Wright, aged five, daughter of a selector' near Coonabarabran, was playing near a burning log, when her clothing caught fire and she was burned to death. A fire at Wooloomooloo on Wednesday destroyed the premises of William Feddick, van proprietor. There were three horses in the stable, one of which was burned to death, and the others were rescued with difficulty. The farmers living at tho Danish settle ment, a few miles distant from Korumburra, have despatched a quantity of potatoes to Melbourne for distribution amongst the poor. According to Mr J. E. Pounds, a complete butter-making plant, including refrigerator, costs in England £1219 10*, on which the duty is £447 19*, making the total cost £1667 9s Id. Mr Reid, the Premier of New South Wales, suggests that the shearers should waive the dispute nnder piotest for the rest of the season, in tho hope of a full and fair investigation h«fore an arbitration court, to be created nnder hiß intended bill. A colored man named George Lascelles, described and practising as a doctor, was on Wednesday at Sydney, committed for trial for indecently assaulting a girl named Oston, aged 13½ years. The girl was subject to fits, and the accused was called in to see her, the alleged offence being committed while making a medical examination. Bishop and Mrs Kennion left for England by the R.M.S. Massilia on Wednesday. There was a hearty farewell demonstration at tho Adelaide railway station and the anchorage. . Dr Talmage left by the same steamer for England. Trouble is threatened amongst the bakers at Sydney. It is helieved that the master bakers have agreed to reduce tho standard wages of their operatives from £2 10s to £2 5s per week. The Bakers’ Union will resist the reduction. It is expected that Detective Charles, who is investigating the Maryborough tragedy, will have some startling evidence to lay before the coroner when the inquest is re sumed. A seririns fire occurred Tuesday night at Messrs Webster and Co.’s premises, Bris bane. The brigades were unable to control the flames from the outset owing to the diffi culty of obtaining access to the back part of the building nntil tho keya of the Customs bond adjoining were obtained. The build ing was insured for £13.000, and the stock for £l4 900. Among the principal priz9takers in the poultry class at the Royal Agricultural Society’s Show were Messrs Franklin Bros., of Sebastopol, and Mr A. Pearce, of Bal larat. A petition opposing any alteration of the prohibitory olause of the Licensing Act, re ferring to the granting of licenses at Mil dura, has been signed, and the Victorian Alliance has been requested to organise a deputation to the Premier to present the petition. With regard to the purchase of new pie tores for tho Sydney National Gallery, the committee by whom the purchases have been made on behalf of the Government state that that the total cost of the pictures is under £1000. At the Castlemaine Agricultural Society’s annual meeting on Wednesday night, Mr Thomson, in proposing the toast of “ Parlia ment,” said the members were too numerous and overpaid. Many of them could not earn half the money at any other occupation. He thought 65 members enough in the Assembly, at a salary of £150 a year. Hasberger, the Glasgow merchant, ar rested some weeks ago, on a oharge of having, by forgeries and other fraudulent acts, defrauded various German banks of several thousands of pounds, was to-day con victed and sentenced to eight years’ im prisonment. It is said that Professor Alexander Graham Bell is now engaged in experiments, looking to the perfecting of a machine harnessing electricity to light, so to speak, so that it will be possible for one’s vision to be ex- tended to any distance desired. Sir John Madden, in speaking of the social and religious work performed by the Salva tion Army in Victoria and Australia gene- rally, said he knew of no better organisation for the distribution of whole-souleiTCharity on the broadest Hues aud in the ismt prac tical way. The total exports of wheat from Russia from Ist January to 9th June were bushels, against 25 570,000 bushels the pre vinus year; rye, 13,410,000 bushels, against 3.601,000 bushels. A Press despatch re ported the Hungarian wheat crop at 135,000,000 bushels, and rye 55,000,000 bushels. Last year’s official crops wpre re spectively 160,000,000 bushels and 60,000,000 bushels. The recent trip of Sir Henry Loch from Cape Town to Whitehall and back on State business was an expensive one, but may be taken as a sample of similar diplomatic allowances. In the Civil Service accounts £175 15s is set down for travelling expenses, whilst his London hotel expenses are pnt down at £lll 4s 6d, making a total of £2BS 19s 6d. On emerging from nnder the river tho new City and Waterloo line will, in its passage up Queen Victoria street, run for a part of the way underneath the low level main sewer, which, in its turn, runs along beneath the District Underground Railway. We shall thuß have first a busy main thorough fare, below that a steam railway, then a huge metropolitan sewer, then an eleotric railway, reaching its terminus at a depth of about 63 feet below the streetß, and her® it will communicate with another line—the Central London—which will lie at a depth of 80 feet. 