Yen s of flic World. Under the retrenchment inovem nt in the Education department the position of secretary will be abolished, the staff of ittspeciors reduced and ten clerks be retired. missions in the Royal Artillery and RovaJ Engineers to Australian officers until eiuciuuu iaj tu.bm.ij oa?B Oei?0 established in Australia. An extensive seizure of arms has been made at Palermo, Sicily, 2,000 rifles and 200 revolvers having been seize I. Vaillant, the Parisian anarchist, has decided to appeal against the senteuce of death passed npon him. The third reading of the Parish Coumil's Bill was taken in the House of Commons on Friday night, and the House then ad journed for a month. Several bomb explosions have taken plac9 in the province of Ancona in Italy bnt no serions consequences resulted. Serious differences exist in the British Cabinet as to the ext9nt to which the navy onght to be increased. The question is causing much public excitement. The Jesuits college at Antwerp has been destroyed hy fire, the damage bcin" estimated at £40,000. The el ctinn for the Horncastle (Eng.) division of Lincolnshire has resulted in a Conservative victory. Danish bntter is selling in tho English Market at 123s per cwt. The Earl of Kimberley, the secretary of State for India, is seriously ill. He has recently completed his 68th year. The British Ministry is being urged to sell a portion of the Government shares in the Suez canal and devote the proceeds to increasing the navy. Mr H. T. Dunscombe, a well-ltn"wn resident of W agga AVagge, bas bet it shot- by the discharge of a cavalry carbine which was standing in a tool chest. Tne accident resulted fatally. The United States Minister at Hohnlnh has been inst>ueted by President Cleve land to censure the proceedings of tbe provisional Government of Hawaii, but to maintaio a policy of neutrality until the matter has been decided by Congress. A second flood has occurred in the Avon Riv-r, and a mailman named Don- gal Cameron has been drowned near Valencia Creek. A banquet is to be given to iMr Gillies by his Ballarat friends previous to I116 departure to England to undertake the duties of Agent-General. The Brisbane Municipal Council has ilU(tOMd of Ul« biIioIa rof. jt-n _ amounting to 75,000. The trustees of the Sydney Cricket ? Ground have arranged with Mr. A. E. Stoddart to bring to the colonies next season a strong English team of profes sional and amateur cricketers. Fonr fires occurred at Broken Hill on Thursday, one of the buildings burnt being the Theatre Royal, The original cost of erection was 1:2500, and it "was insured for £1750. In consequence of the inflow of pauper labor from abroad into Great B itain instructions have been given to British consuls to discourage all immigration of this kind. lhe Provisional Government of Hawaii has refused to resign and await the de cision of the U.S. Congress. Heavy fighting has occurred in Nyassa. land, Central Africa, between the British and the slave dealers, the latter having suffered a severe defeat. A proposal has been made in the U.S. Honse of Representatives to impose an income tax of 2 per cent on all incomes over 4,000 dots. A wire states that 33 men of Captain Wilson's force perished io the M&tabele; war. The bntter sent to England from Ben digo realised 9d per lb. after all expenses had been paid. The Union Bank of Australia pays a dividend of 8 per cent for the half yrar, an carries forward £ 15,000. . The Germans are having trouble in the Catneroons in West Africa, an I the Europeans are deserting their factories. 