fiuuiiU Lull WlinljIL A terrible example of the remains of heathenism in Russia is mentioned in the Moscow Gazette. A trial will shortly take place of a number of neasants living in a dietriot of Kazan for killing one of their number as a sacrifice to the idol* of the Votiaks, a Finnish race of whom con siderable numbers continue to live in more or less uncivilised conditions along the Volga between the Viatka and Kama Elvers. Colonel N. F, Jensen, of the Danish army, who was asked some time ago. on behalf of the tffng of Siam whether he would be willing to go to Siam and under take the complete reorganisation of the Siamese army, has now, it is said, decided to accept the offer. He will leave Pen mark for Siam in January next. Colonel Jensen will take with him, among others, his son, who is a lieutenant in the Danish artillery. Consul C. S. Smith gives an account of the Anglo-German frontier Burvey in East Africa in the November number of the GEOGEAPHiOii. Joubnal. The survey, which was carried from the mouth of the Umba River on the east coast to Kiliman jaro, was effected in 1892, Mr. Smith being assisted by Mr. Tra-in^ Sharif, the Tr*^'*'1 'Surveyor, who subsequently accompanied Mr. Bent to Arabia, and Lieut. G. E. Smith; RJE., and the German party with whom they co-operated was under the charge of Dr. Peters. The route by the Umba Valley to Kilimanjaro was found to be a practicable one, and the country traversed was as a rule characterised by fertile soil; bat the land suffered from the want of settled inhabitants on account of the raids of the Masai. Consul Smith suggests that immigrants from India be encouraged to colonise parts of the Umba Valley; and if trade is ultimately attracted there he points out that the seaport of Wasin, although smaller than Mombasa, would be found quite practicable for steamers. The BOTiIiEUN DE U. SOCTETE DE GeO geaphxe de Pabis publishes the following communication from Dr. Meyners d'JSstrey, as to the results of an explora tion of the south-east portion of Borneo by M. Gottfried Schneiders, mining engi neer : There are to be found in Borneo diamonds, coal, lead, copper, antimony, &c.; The provinces of Tanah-Lant, Tanah-Kusan, Tanah-Boumboch, and Pasir abound in gold. Som8 trials made by Englishmen on the Kusan River have given good results, so that regular working has been commenced in this district. Borneo coal is of the ter tiary period. The Orange-Nassau mine, near Pengaron, has been abandoned, its distance from the sea being too great and carriage very costly. The new mines on the Koutai River, near Sawarinda, promise good results. The products of the vegetable kingdom, such as guttta-percha, rattan, camphor, iron-wood, &c;, are not yet worked by the Europeans. The Chinese obtain them from the natives in exchange for other goods. A few attempts have been made to grow tea, coffee, and tobacco. The latter product especially is of very good quality. Borneo will not be difficult of colonisation; the wealth of its soil would largely re munerate well-managed enterprises. Intelligence was received at Queens-, town on October 11 of the total loss on September 26, on Crocus Reef, of the British ship Brandon, and the drowning of the captain and thirteen of the crew, only three men being saved after a terrible fight with the waves. . The Brandon, which was owned in Liverpool, was on a voyage from Ship Island, Pascagoula, to Liverpool, with a cargo of timber, and during a terrific hurricane ran ashore on the Crocus reef of rocks at 10 o'clock at night. During the night huge waves broke over the vessel, and as she rolled over on her beam ends several of the crew were washed overboard and lost. The captain was struck by a sea and dashed against the bulwarks, having his leg broken, and while in this helpless state another wave came and swept him away.. A seaman who was clinging to the pumps was struck by a falling spar, and had both legs broken. He, too, was afterwards washed overboard and drowned. The other members of the crew suffered terribly during the remainder of the night, and at daybreak the vessel rolled off the rocks and capsized, throwing the worn-out mariners into the waves. Three of these — John T. Warren (of Woolwich), William Spofforth, and Leonard Lax — who were wearing lifebelts, were washed ashore nearly dead. Nothing has since been seen of the remainder of the crew, and the three survivors believe that they all perished. Considerable interest is being aroused just now concerning the 'Kingdom of Atlantis,' an island which is to be made to order in the Atlantic. The idea is to erect a number of palatial iron structures, connected with one another by artistic bridges on the principal of connecting struc tures among the islands of Venice. Atlantis is to be situated about eleven miles from the Long Island shore, and about seventeen miles east the Navesink Highlands. The leading spirit in this strange idea is 'Mt. C. M. Coen, who is very confident that his new island town will not prove a failure. Wood and other inflammable material will not be used in the construction of the buildings, but the edifices will be built entirely of glass, tiling, cement, iron, steel, and like material, thus rendering them fireproof. The first or main floor of the principal building will be situated far above the sea level. It is stated that it would require a wave thirty feet higher than has ever been measured in the At lantic Ocean to even touch the girders of the lower floor of the building. So original an undertaking has naturally proved very captivating to the citizens of the United States, who are always on the lookout for anything new. It is alleged, by the way, that the place is to be turned into a kind, of American Monte Carlo. Its distance from the mainland will put it outside the ordinary United States juris diction. A startling case of suicide occurred at Windsor, Ontario, the other afternoon from the railway ferry boat, which plies between that city and Detroit. A well dressed gentlemen, who was a passenger on the train from Buffalo, stepped out of the Pullman car with a little girl about 8 years of age, and be gan to walk op and down the upper side deck while the boat was crossing to Detroit Slip. Suddenly he was seen to rush to the side, and seizing by the neck an unsuspecting young man, who was contemplating the beauties of the scene, flung Tiim into the river. He then took the young girl in '*? arms and jumped in himself. The young man was picked up insensible bnt alive, and subsequently .gave his name as TVTt. Charles Elliot, of 'Man chester. The bodies of the other two have not been recovered. Mr. Elliot says he had just arrived in the United States from a pleasure trip, and that he had never before set eyes on the person who endeavored to take his life. Ha took the next train back to New York, with the intention of returning to England. There is no due to the identity of the gentleman who committed suicide, or of the little girL They were both fashionably dressed, though they had nothing with them bnt a handbox; and that contained only a few plainly bat richly- mounted toilet articles. 