THE TRADES UNION CONGRESS. [From our Special Correspondent.] LONDON, September 7,1894. The Congress opened at Norwich on Monday last, nearly the whole of the 380 accredited delegates being present. Among the audience were Lady Dilke, Miss Abraham, Mr. F. W. Verney, Mr. J. J. Dolman, M.P., and Miss Oolman, Mr. Cozens-Hardy, and several other labor members of Parliament. The representatives of the "old unionism," who are fast losing ground before the advancing wave of modem unionism, with its mom distinct type of colleotivum, were gathered in ? solid body, faced by the Inde pendent Labor Party arrayed under the standards of Sir. T. Mann and Alderman TiUetc The business commenced with a hearty weloome by Mr. John Burns to the delegates, most of whom—he was proud to re mark—were hLP.'t, J.P.'e, or members of local governing bodies. Then followed the election of Mr. Jf. J. Delves, president of the Norwich Trades Uuion, as president of the Congress. Ue is a very young man for such a position, being a little over 3d, but he is evi dently a man of resolute character and strong will. Of course the election was all cutand dtied, as vi aut of courtesy to Norwich, and Mr. Delves hud bin epeeon in biu poctot. but an a preliminary etep tue secretary, Air. lenwick, was vailed noon to read the annual report, mine portions of which excited a scud coal of amusement, especially those which expressed disapproval of the autiun of the labor mum ben, of whicn the eesietary was one, in con neaoion witn the tmtudmunt on the Kight Hours Bill. The committee had to ex plain in the report tnat they had done nothing to carry out the resolution in reference to independent labor representation ; tiiaton the subject of old-age pensions they are awaiting the report of the Boyal Commis eion ; and that oo the subject of a universal eight hours system they have only to report the loss of the Miners Bill. Mr. Delves then delivered a stirring presi dential uddreat, wciuh was marked throughout by sound common sense and moderation. Referring to the industrial depression in East Awgh«. t tie attribnted it to the sweated lemale labor, the unemployed agricultural labor, and the fact that work was sent from London to be done at less than London rates. He advocated united action against the in eidiotu use of dynamite, gunpowder, andthe assassin's dagger, and advised toe working iilsiia- to rely on legislative reforms until the old weapon the strike, fell into desuetude like a discarded flintlock. He also congratu lated them on the introdaotion of the eiaht hours system in Government factories and die epoch-making establishment of the living wage. Ue blamed defective distribution (no* over-production), excessive noun of labor, and spasmodic periods of alternate activity employment aa the causes of bad trade. '.The remedy he advocated was shorter noun for men, restriction of child labor, aod equal wages for equal work to fern aim. He opposed any limits to alien immigration, but would put down sweating by sanitary laws and by absorbing the aliens into trades unions. Speaking of the social vioee he was loudly cheered when he said "We have more to fear from drinking and yam hi ing- tttan from all tbe capitalists of the country." In otm otusion he implored she delegates, in the wfc?y of tbeir ffiH?«p comrades ana of a¥«M? wives and children, to be "united, strong, loyal to one another, tone and Rood comrades together.*' committee's report, especially the portion relating to the eight hours question, in tho course of which they came in for a good deal of strong censure. Among the general *?*"«"— a resolution was caned calling upon the Government to raise the salaries ot factory iaspeotots from £109 to £150. Sweating in Government oontraots was severely reprehended, and Mr. Bumadenonnosd the —i *li« >" <w of Government employes who work oTsttUMu Apropos of the discussion on, the eight hours system "Observer- writes * letter to the WeMtminsltr Gmttte in which he pro poundsa novel theory. Be declares broadly that " the object of all classes of Utter day worker* is to do as lrtllo as possible" for the biggest possible pay, and - that this growing ■<i*uM>li?,^M?fl $d work is excusable os the ground that "the present generation are physically incapable ot doing toe iiatnrt amount of work at their forefathers?* "Few people," he fcoe? an to say, "can doubt that we as a oaten are *?«~'~'?e very soft And luxurious, and that as a result physical rUigismiliiiii is sUnrly but aurely sapping the energies of oar nee. Probably we are also deteriorating mentally as well, at least the Lunacy Com mimioaors' reoent report lends color to Bush a ■uppositian. These, I venmie to think, are the reason* why foreigners, especially Ger mans, who live harder and less luxuriously, are beating us all the world over, simply them to undertake amounts of work whiob would utterly prostrate modern Englishmen." The third sitting of the Congress took place co Wednesday when the people of Norwioh msnifwuwi their interest in the a««~«^~ by crowding the galleries. It is stated to the credit ot the delegates that ttw pmvaOimr tone of the 1 present Congraat is much superior to that of last year. Among the audience wen Lady Dilke. Mia Tuokwell, Miss Spooner, Miss Llewelyn Davis, Mr, Hooker from ■he Amerioen federation of Labor, sad several member* of Parliament The first bonnsss was the passing of • resolution condemning *'tbe enamefnJ and unpatriotic praotuw" of obstmoting public business in she House of Commons, and calling upon the Go vernment to adopt measures to put an end to it. The Congress then discussed a motion in tavor of extending the co-operative system amongst the trade unions, and the investment of a portion of their fund* in that direction. On the question of juries a resolution was adopted affirming that all workmen exercising the Parliamentary franchise should be eligible as jurymen, and should be paid 10s. a day for their eerrioes. Amongst the other resolutions patnod was one in favor of more clearly defining the law of ompiiaoy and breaches of the peaea, in favor of payment of members of Parliament, for certain precautions in mines and half-yearly ""■?^« of toilets, for the issue of a monthly report by the Parliamentary committee of the labor unions showing the ptogieas made with Bills in which the unions are]inaan?sted,;in favor of aoloserfedeza tion of the trade oounnils of Great Britain and Ireland in ordur to secure greater strength by means of united motion, that oompetent in spectors should be appointed to supervise the construction of all public works, that names of contractors and particulars of contracts be accessible to members of Parliament and the public, against preference being given to Danish and other foreign contractors, that the provi sions .of the/Trade Act be more rigorously carried out so as to render it a real protection to workers and contracting out of the Act be illegal, that the eight hours system be ex tended to all trades and occupations, that employers shall compensate workmen for any loss of tools on the employer's premises, that of prison-made goods or foreign uiannfafitmrfd goods not bearing the mark of origin, and in favor of the reintroduotion of the .employers' Liability Act. In the evening a meeting of the Women's Trade Union League was held. Several ef the speakers referred to the (treat disparity between the condition of the woman workers in Tjtnr?«hii«. and Norwich. Mr. Tom Mann said that on the confession of some of the workers present their wages did not exceed 12a. or 13a. a week. "Very well, then," he remarked, "you free-born oitiwms of Norwich are subsisting on less than it takes to keep a pauper in the workhouse." The Congress held its fourth sitting on Thursday, when among the visitore waaLady Battersea and Sir Henry Wrixon (late Attorney-General of Victoria). Prominent amongst the business of the day was a resolu tion iostouoting the Parliamentary committee to prepare a Bill giving security of tenure to agricultural laborere, as in the Irish Laborers' Cottage Act. The mover created mingled amusement and indignation by reading a copy of an agreement which many agricultural laborers are com pelled to sign before being allowed to occupy a dwelling. He had to agree to leave his cottage in a week or a fortnight, to be a game watcher, to inform on poachers, not to keep fowls or pigs without special permis eion, to adhere Btriotiy to domestic purity, and even if one of his own daughters were to return from eervioe in a state of pregnancy he was not to admit her, and he was to live at peace with all hi? neighbors, especially his em ployer. Other resolutions called upon the Government, in the appointment of factory inspectors, to select people possessed of special knowledge; that the introduction of surplus labor where the existing supply is sufficient ehonld be punishable as a penal offence; againet the use of clothing by volunteers wbioh has been made by the sweating prooess; condemning a olause in the supplementary report of the Jjabor Commis sion, under which trade societies might sue and be cued, as likely to lead to useless and costly litigation; that trade union rates should be paid to all laborers employed in Govern ment workshops; that a special scale of com pensation be fixed for persons injured by ex nlosions, &0., such scale not to be below the ordinary wages; calling for the inclusion of docks, wharfs, quays, and warehouses under the provisions of the Factory Act; the pay ment of trade union rates of wages to all per sons engaged in Government printing con tracts ; and in favor of the nationalisation of land. A proposal that there should be cix national holidays in the year was shelved by i moving the previous question. 