EOiiEIGN TELEGRAMS. Loudon, Joly 12. The working capital of the Mount Charlotte Gold Mining Company's pro- perty has ha's been subssrlbid. The com psny's property ia ai'uatoti at Hannan's Find, on the Coolgardie goldfield, West* ern Australia. The Canadian House of Commons has ^confirmed the *proTit>ional contract made between the ©anadian Government and Mr. 'James Huddsrt for a fast Atlantic steamship service between. Canada and tho UniteTKingdein. At the wool sales to-day there was a little less animation noticeable in the bidding, as compared with the previous ¡day; Prices, however, romuinurm. ! The hemp market is quiet, but there is no ohange. in prices.. Silver is quoted at 28fd. per oz. The mails from Australia by t he s.s¿ Monowai, and whietowere delayed al Ssh Francisco owing to the raUuViiy'strike^ ?Sètf'; expiated to reach New York'on rho îsth inst. I London, July IS. ; Trame has now beonVesnmed over the' greater number of fha' American rail'' ways. /The Federal Supreme Court la $ke; Argentine has decided that the extradi-; tion treaty betweeu the Argentine and1 Great Britain does not apply to JabiB1 Balfour, the Liberator Building Society "swindler. |gA sensational murder trial has just ended in France. A dissolute Abbe,' named Bruneau, has boen sentenced to death at the town ef Laval, for the mur-; der rjf a Onro of the town, lt is alleged? that the Abbs haï committed other murders. Kr. Binder has joined the London Board of Directors of Elder, Smith and Co., Limited, of South Australia. In answer to a"question in the House of Commons last night, Sir Edward' Grey, PorliamimtaryiUnderSepretary fer ¡Foreign Affairs, .elated thatthe Gb verá-' mont7 wen weij^ag^ thë:ltbffrr of the' Netherlands fiorernmeót te snbmit tua j 'Costa Rica Packet caee tovnrbkrfctiou.' They were also cohaidAing the conditions, which it wonld bs desirable to males 4n the e¿ont of arbitration being decided ob. ; The New Znatand. Trust and LosnJ Company has declared a dividend of Sj per cent. ( It is reported that the Bank of New' Zealand's nev issue of preference stock te the amount of £2,000,000, has be*n[ underwritten at £10115s., but that the' Bank itself is obtaining par. Yesterday the delegates attending, the - Ottawa Conference weré''entertained at a j banquet at Toronto. Speeches laudatory; of the, proceedings of the Conference; were delivered. B^eplyjng to au address* from Ute Canadian Imperial Federliiibn ' lïaagne, the Sari of Jersey sod ^lf Heriry Wrixon declared that -their view^'vnth'regard to commercial" policy were sn' theuame direc- tion as tba League's. -Hr. Heyford es pressed the epkion that the'Ooflforonce wonld succeed in its objects. In the'Trench 'Chamber ot Deputies yesterday M. Cayeignac's Progressive Income Tax Billnwns only rejected by a narrow auajority. The < Govera-nient sftèrwirds insisted on and . obtained va strong vote , of confi- dence from ¿bo Chamber. The Japanese^ Government has - se* cepted the- offer bf the Sari nsf Eäb» berley, -Secretary *Sp Stated/for'Forbijrfi Aitairs, to -tèedtt^Wifeè^ Jej^c»n1l ! Chilis over the Gogeui question. ! Wíe Prime Minister, Lord Bosebary, I hogs nenmised that the first <BJU 4odbe j wtrndfioad by the'Goverúmánt during thé inesii^sretr^ . Pa%litrrientàïrrtall mW ÍBirr:ftr-=t^ duesta"bl»^ment of ' the iWilsh Ohnrcb. À Ounferenoe of miners', representa- tives, teld at Newcastle, has decided to jma^ceU'levy of a shilling 'per %eek° per iman to assist thejÎScôtti8H miners' now lout on strike. 400,000 minara, werie -ra ipresented at the Conference. London, July 14. i - It iii bslieved'^iat tendens for the issue of preference, shares for the amount of ifi2iO0O,OO0v" for:: the Bank nf New {Zealand, witt be invited óa^Weínesday. . A -mair ñamad Phelp, one ' ti' thV. leader* ot the1 nilaráy strike in the' C^teSi J^tefch&h;&a.; sentenced to eixr raeu^j .impriaonmetít - for üntérferingr t^r¿;tfco railways. r ? "!Í I »fieveft Ne*l^ealrmd TeeBels ara in thé I meat which they are unable to unloac 1 because of tba want of storage room. , The English and Continental whoa markets tri* steady, and the America* i changing a little for the better. Stirer is quotod at t wenty-eight am seven-sixteenths peace ocr ounce. At the wool sales io-dny price? wer firm but re-Hain*d unchanged. At the wool eales 133,400 bales h*v( been catalogued, and 38,400 bales bav been«sold up to date. The personalty o£ the late Mr Price Maurice, formerly a resident o Adelaide, South Australia, .'. has been sworn at £123,000. Mr. Sabine of South- Australia, has been left £¡5,000 - and Mr. Bennet Brown* reásoreu an annuity of £$00. Thc bdraur« of thuTeftliSBttto is given lo th« children of Mr. Maurice-in equal shares China haa^aécep^ted, the offer of thc British Government to 'modiate betweeo hrrselt and Corea. The report of the Committee ap- pointed by the House of Lords toeiiqnirc in'o the betterment principle, has bAeo published. The Committee reporl guardedly in favour of the principle io eases of municipal improvement*, bot they èonsïder that ito application would prove diificnlt. The authorities at Scotland Yard, the hesdqnarters of the English detentive force, have warned rh) French Govern. mont of tho existence'of a vast Anarchist plot, having for itV object the simnl taneoas destruction by dynamite of tho two Chambers, the Bourse, the Elyse 3, and the Palace of Justice. A plot to destroy the Arsenal at Toulon, the principal naval station of France oa the Mediterranean, has been frustrated. Fairplay, a City journal, publishes a favourable article upon th* present posi- tion of the New Zealand Loan and Mer- cantile Agency Company. It states that the subscriptions to the new issue of shares mnoh erased anticipations, and that already £62Ö,'0'Ö0 has been ' sub- scribed. Tho success of the surjscnpjtien isjpnbably due, in Its opinion, to .tho saucily of "'Mr. Schroeder v anti thp hew directors of the Company. . It is satisfactory to note, Fairplay udffs, that " Sir John Hall has given proof of hisoonfidenbe in the new com- pany hy resuming business relations with it. Fairplay considere that his example vriUprobàbly be generally fol- lowed. A ^Wrnpôt^ independent man, with one of the directors, will proceed to tho colonies in the autumn to report upon the cnmpviy's assets. The Lind Asso- ciation will bo rnn under the Loan Oom* pmy's directorate and management, and on lines similar to those of the Loan Company. West Australian 4 per cents, inscribed steck are quoted at 108. This is the same as last wèefs qnotition. -.London, Joly 16. Numerous ariests of Anarchists are being made" billie Continent. Amongst the nonjber is an Anarchist named Zuehessl-rwho is supposed to have mur dared the -editor of an Italian paper at Leghorn. The inhabitants of Corea have risen against the Christians and iiave mur- dered a number of them. French gun- boats have been despatched to rosene the French, mission^'priests itfiOorea, who are in a position of great-danger. Debs the President of the Railway Union in the United States, is endeavour- ing to organise a renewal ot the great sfrike-;wbioh has-jost been brought to a concludion. ' It is estîmàtea-that dfoñfeg^fte mtíjl rail wayípropsrtjr at Chicago tg. ,the valu^ of 4,000,000 dolían (£8^0,000) was destroyed. -Thousands-of -the strikers huve^desurted fhv Railway Union and are returning to work. Cholera is spreading st St. Petersburg. There wera 50 deaths from it on Friday and 69 on Saturday. 'London, July 17. In the House of Commons last night, the Bndget BuT reached the end of the report stage The railway strike in the Uniter)' States may now be regarded as wholSy at au end. The Pullman Company's operatives, with whom the strike began, have returned to work, accepting the old rate of wages. :> A ? mili tory » waggon txmteining guns-, powder exploded yesterday, in the; streets of Ghieago. 4 Several soldiers È0 blHlians were Ifuled^y the .explos|fifl^' ^ "Tb/ infant 'eon' 0! the Dake faad, Duchess of York was christened y ester* day by the Archbishop of Canterbury, Dr. Benson. Th« Quean, the Prince «nd Princess of Wales, the Dake and Duchess of York, and many other members of fte Boyal Family were present at tho cere- mony. The child wai named »Albert Edward. A mas» roosting held at Johannesburg has demanded that the franchise be ex« tended to aliens. The mseiWB^tpaBSbfca resolution warning Mr. Kruger, Pre- sident of the Traasvaal Republic, that there would be trouble if thc reqnest were ref used. A cyclone has passed over-Upffer Bavaria, doing enormous damage. : Çhe harvest has been destroyed and tan enor- mous number of buildings has1 Iseen wrecked. It is «tated that, owiig tx&re;#öeted alights from the Nationalbts, MaicJjjhn Morley, the; Jristi Secretary, is likely to rasgo the Chairmanship of the Irish Laud Acts Committee. The Lord Mayor of Liverpool, the At. Hon. William Benjamin Bowringjrhas invited the delegates attending the Ottawa Conference to attend a bautet at Liverpool, in Aagaet. The Relegates hare accepted the invitation. At the wool sales to-day bidding was sosrcely so brisk as on the previous day j prices were slightly weaker. ? ^Messrs. Dalgety fetid iCompany,. Limited, report from »heir Perth office nuder yester- day's date : We have received the folio wing* cablegram fr sm oar London office auder dato of tbe 14tb inst.-" Wool sales eonnfiáe Arm. Greasy merino woels, medium description. Tether firmer. Greasy crossbred, interior awl faulty descriptions, rather lower."] Toe Italian Government are adopting strong measures for the repression, of Anarchism. Within the last few days three thousand arrests have beeife made. A Society has been discovered in Italy, having for its object tile providing of fonds for the Anarohists. The Society extorted money from it* victims by . threats of assassination. Mr. Foley, batter salesman, of^ydneyg has inspected »he Irish butter factories. He asserts that all the arrangements^for the storage of butter: are oomjplete, and that next season the Irish butter Clfrill prove a formidable rival to the, ATIS traliau article. Mr. -£oley 'intends to inspect the Danish factories; <JU ? Mr. Collett Moulden,-of Adolaidfl, has been oleo tod au Associate of the Boyal School ot Mines. Lord Francis Hope, brother of the Dake of Newcastle, hM;ibeouideclared .> bankrupt. His liabilities are «et downajj £658,000. Hs otates that hejost £7,000 by gambling, £22,000 in a theatrical venture, and debts to tho extent of £46,000 he incurred on behalf of others. The shares have been allotted in . the Great Boulder Gold Mining Company* The Company's property ia sit nabed, nt Hannan's Find, Coolgardie goldfield, Western Australia. Packed weight freight rates for goods sent by sailing vessels to Australia have I been increased 2s. 6d. The present rates are to Sydney 15s. per ten, Melbourne wharf 17s. 6d" and Adelaide 22s. 6d. The directors of the New ¿ealand Trust and Loan Company, propose, to give the debenture holders a specific charge on the uncalled capital of the Company, in addition to the floating charge on the Company's assets. The issue by the Bank of New Zealand of preference shares to the amonnt ef £2,000,000 guaranteed by the Govern- ment of New Zealand, «ill ba annoonoed to-morrow. The minimum is fixed at £101 5 s. In the appeal in regard te the bequests made by the. late Dr. Beaney, of Mel- bourne, to the City of Canterbury,Judg- ment has been reserved nntU af (¡er the legal points at issue have been re-ar^guod. In the Honse of Jtortls yesterday Jüorá Salisbury's Bill for dealing with the immigration of aliens into the United Kingdom passed the second reading by a majority of 52. In the debate on the met|on, for the second reading Lord Rosebery, said ' that the. police declared that none ef tho crimes recently committed by Anarchists . had originated in the United Kingdom. A quantity of the cheese from 'New Zealand by the s.s. Oingariro has been damaged by heat. Some of a priorship ment suffered similarly. Broken Hill Proprietary Gompanyf* shares are quoted at 62s. 6dV A sensational murder trial is at prä- sent proceeding at Brussels. The aconsed consist of a *gang; of thirteen;, persons who are enspeoted ef nks&tos;^un èyitMa^lit^to . tog railway passengers. It is alleged tl within a period of eighteen moat they hare thns disposed of no lesa th 60 passengers. At Birmingham, Alabama, U.S.A. oellision has oeonrred between the pol sud a body of Union strikers. The lat had attacked come non-Union negroes, s ths polios interfered to eave them. Í mt the strikers were shot and twenty w< wounded. London, Joly 18. An explosion of giant powder ocean yesterday at a mina in Pennyalvan U.S.A. Bight men were killed and li injnrad. In the House of Gommons last nig the Budget Bill passed the third readii by ft majority of 20, and was carried. The Khedive of Egypt, Abbas Pasl has embarked at Alexandria for Tonic The Irish Nationalist members ha apologised to Mr. John Morley, the Irii Secretary, for their slights to him his capaoity of Chairman of the J rit Land Acts Committee. Mr. Morley ha therefore, withdrawn his resignation < the Chairmanship of the Committee. A oompany called the Eastern Am tralian Steamship Reconstruction Con pony has been registered. Its capiti is sat down at £100,000. Advices from Morocco state that tl late Visier and Minister of War has bec arrested for plotting to murder the ne * Sölten while he was paying a Sta*e visi to the Mosquo at Fes. Tenders were invited to-day for sui scriptions to the Bank of New Zealand issno of preference shares to the antoni of £2,000,000, guaranteed by tl Government of New Zealand. The liai will be ©pened" on'Tuesday and will cloe on Wednesday. It is optional on th applicants whether the stock allotted I them is made to bearer or is inscribet The interest is psyable in May an November. The final instalment of th issne falls due on October 26th. Twentj five leading financial firms have undei written tiie whole issue. At Übe wool sales to-day medium an good wools were firm, bat inferior sort wera weaker. The ease of the Union Bank of Au< tralia v. the Bank of South Anstralh asme before Mr. Justice Vaughn Williams yesterday. The Judge ea pressed the opinion that the Union Ban had no right to petition the Court for th transfer of the winding up of the affair ftf the Bank of South Australis, as it wa not a creditor of the latter Bank at tb time of the liquidation. He suggeste lhat the liquidators ehonld present ; petition On the snbject. Jodgment ws reserved. Yesterday evening's Westmmste Omette comments on the result of th elections in New Sooth Wales. It sayi it is satisfactory to find that tbt electorates have visited the sins of th< Premier, Sir George Dibbs, on his head by the withdrawal of a large measure ol their support from him. Speaking in the House of Common* yesterday, the Chancellor of the Ex- chequer, Sir William Harcourt, made a statement respecting the intention of the Government with regard to the business of t he session. He announced that it was the intention of the Government to en- deavour daring the session to carry the. Evicted Tenants (Ireland) Bill, the Equalisation of Rates (London) Bill, the Local Government (Seotland) Bill, the Miners Eight Honrs Bil?, and also Several uncontroversial measure?. Parlia- ment will be prorogued at the end of August. London, July 19. A meeting of the English creditors of the Mercantile, Finance, Trustees and Agency Oompany of Australia was held yesterday. The meeting appointed Mr. Stewart liquidator, with a Committee ef Inspection. Instructions were aleo given to remove the Australian liquidators and those previously connected with the management of the company. The New South Wales Mortgage, Loan and Agency Company, has declared a> dividend of five per cent. At the meeting of the shareholders yesterday, the Chairman stated that if the un- reasonable distrust in Australia evinced by the public continued, it would be necessary to call np another 20s. per share. The debentures would be further reduced by £50,000 daring the carrent The members of the United States Senate and - Henee of Representatives appointed to aonfer ii regard to the new tartff£UV>m disagree ment over the entire Bill exists between the two Booses. The principal obstacles ara with regard to the duties on sugar and iron ore. Tho British Government bas decided on the construction of two fortified posts on the Pamir Plateau, adjoining the north- western frontier of India. The poats will guard the passes leading to Ennest and Kasbgar, The appeal case to the Judicial Com- mittee of the Privy Council, in the ease of Plomley <o. Richardson, has been dis- missed with costs. The delegates attending the Ottawa Conference visited Quebec yesterday. They met witli a splendid reception. Baron Ferdinand de Rothschild, M.P, j for the Aylesbury Division of Bucking- hamshire, was married yesterday to Miss Peel, eldest daughter of the Right Hon. Arthur Wellesley Peel. Speaker of the House of Commons. [Baron Ferdinand James de Bothsohild is tbe seoond eon of the late Baron Anselm de Rothschild, of Vienna. He waa born at Paris in 18S9. He married, in 1865, his cousin Evelina, tbe youngest sister of Lord Botha- ohild, but was left a widower the following year.] Baron Vernberg, a Russian subject, and who is said to be the leader of an international baud of Anarchists, has been arrested in Servia. The arrest is regarded as being of great importance. The French Chamber of Deputies has, by a majority of 125 votes, declared that the Anti-Anarchist Bill ia urgent aud must, therefore, take precedence of all other business. The Socialists fiercely obstructed the urgency motion. The President of the United States hus offered to mediate between China and Japan in regard to the Corean question. Mr. Walter C. Hillier, the British Consul General at Cores, has been as- saulted by Japanese soldiers. Thirty British bine jackets have been landed in order to protect the Consulate from attack. The Daily Chronicle of this morning refera to the eleotions in Kew South Wales. It expresses the opinion that Sir Henry Parkes ought now to be able to realise his dream of a federated Aus- tralia. This morning's papers comment upon the Government programme for the pre- sent session. A majority of them unite in declaring that the programme is absnrdly impracticable. 