NEWS IN BRIEF. Frosty night and mornings. Annual tea-meeting in connection with St. Andrew's Church held last night. Magic lantern entertainment at St. Oswald's Church, Trevallyn, last night. An old musical identity died yesterday. Steamer Nemesis left the N.W. Coast for Sydney yesterday with 430 tons pro duce. Steamer Pateena arrives from Melbourne to-day with 63 passengers and 221 tons cargo. The great Aurora mine at Michigan ablaze. Threatened cabman's strike in London. Conference of the National Liberal Federation League to be held on June 20 at Leeds. Outbreak of cholera in Southern Russia. A meeting of the International Congress of Mines is being held at Berlin, Twelve of the unemployed in Hobart were given work yesterday by ballot out of a total of 37 who appeared at Mr Back's office in answer to his notification. The body found on the rocks at Hobart yesterday has not yet been identified. A trial shipment of wooden blocks from New South Wales to be sent to Vancouver. It is probable that the strike in the boot trade in Sydney will be settled satisfac torily, owing t) the non-unionist men em. ployed at certain factories having joined the union. Scene in the Onehunga Council. Mrs Yates, the Mayor, personally clears the chamber of spectators. A terrible shooting affray took place in Law-street yesterday. Good spiritual work was done at the Baptist Union meetings yesterday. r Death sentence passed on the Dora Dora V blacks has been commuted. The recent financial crisis in Australia attributed to the piratical legislation aeainst squatters, especially in New South Wales. Cape Colony is to be represented at the Ottawa conference. b The anarchist Tournemiere has proved • an alibi. The wives of the miners in IMaryland (U.S.) have decided to work the mines if the latter go out on strike. Another deputation is marching to the United States Capitol to try to prevent immigration into Indiana. Mr Mundella states that he has resigned his seat in the Cabinet in order to give the Board of Trade a free hand. e President Peixoto has had a rupture . with Portugal. r- Annual meeting of those interested in y the Girls' Industrial School held yester t. day. r Archdeacon Hales intends calling a meet ing to consider the advisableness of raising funds for our charitable institutions by means of a street collection. a- Our charitable and religious institutions are lefu to a few to support-too few. 9- The city missionary urges that the n. police should have power conterred on them to remove young girls from evil sur Sroundin;s. The United States Treasury expenses r for March were about six millions over the receipts, making a total deficit for the fiscal year of 55,000,000dol. r, Commander Heyerman, who was in c. charge of the Kearsage when ahe got lost A on the Roncadores reef, was recently found s- guilty of negligence and inefficiency, and was suspended for two years. \- Codlio moth rate payable on June 1. r- Portia did not swallow the burning 1, coals. The whole story was certainly an 20 invention. se Senecca was not a half Christian philoso 14 pher, but a grasping money-lender and usurer, who died worth over £.3,000,000. The Pharoah of the Exodus was not e- drowned in the Red Sea. His mummy has T, been found, the skull split by a large Id battleaxe. as ,Car did not say "E t t, Brute!' Eye it. witnesses to the assassination deposed that d " he died fighting, but silent, like a wolf." Alfred the Great did not visit the . Danish camp disguised as a minstrel. There is no good reason to believe that he could either play the harp or speak Danish. Fair Rosamond was not poisoned by Queen Eleanor, but, after a long residence as a nun in the convent of Gladstow, died greatly esteemed by her associates. . Philip III. of Spain was not roasted to death by a roaring fire, because court etiquette forbade anyrne to go to his assistance. He died a natural death, and the same story is told of a dozen different monarchs who were sticklers for ceremony. The romantic and supposedly beautiful 10 Mary Queen of Scots was cross-eyed, and had other physical blemishes that are not accounted attributes of beauty as we view ' it from our standards of beauty to-day. N Inventors of modern systems of short hand frequently reap large rewards of their ingenuity. In olden times such in ventors were not so fortunate. The Abbot Trithemius in the fourteenth century evolved a system, but his treatises on the nu subject were condemned and publicly ed burned as being filled with diabolical ad mysteries. en One of the oldest "dancing places" in iet Paris, the Elysee Montmartre, is about to disappear like Mabille, the Closerie des ls Lilas, the Tivoli, and the Reins Blanche. The tenth session of the International o Congress of Orientalists will be held at nd Geneva, from September 3 to September 12, 1894, under the presidency of Prof. Edouard Naville. The value of the Ruessian exports in 1893 amounted to £53,731,400, an increase of £10,625,100 on 1892, and the value of im ports was £38,780,100, an increase of £4,662 300. About 10,000 notices of withdrawal are, on an average, received every day by the by Post Office Savings Bank. On occasions, however, the number rises to close upon 30,000. To cope with this work, there is a staff of 2000 clerks, whose number is lea increased by between 70 and 80 every year. 