FOREIGN TELEGRAMS. London, Muy 10. Mr. Gresham, t'io Uuited, States Secretary of State, h«s presented to Con- gress a bine book on the Samoan question. It is stated in the blue book that the tripartite treaty signed by Great Britain, the United States and Germany has only had the effect of aggravating the evils uoder which Samoa labours. TAO United States has not, Mr. Gfrsh*m declares, concorred in the action taken ia regard to Samoa. The 17th Bengal Native Infantry, stat oiéd at Agra, has, mutinied. The mutiny was caused by the inclusion of men of different caste in the regiment. 'Two companies of the regiment have been plaoed under arrest. The Titnes of this morning declares that after Mr. Justice Williams' remarks in connection with the New Zealand Loan and Mere tetóle Agency Company, of which Mr. Muhdella was a director, it is indecent .and scandalous of Mr. Mundella to retain office as President of the Board of Trade. A vast Nihilist plot, has been dis- covered at St. Petersburg. A hundred arrests have been made. The' applet , which were imported to England from the colonies, by the B.M.S. Massillia, opened out in good condition. At the sales the apples from Tasmania brought from 8a. to 13s. per case, and those sent from Melbourne brought from 9s. to 11s. per case. Mr. B. T. Reid, Q.Ö., the newly appointed Solicitor General, has been re- elected without opposition for his old constituency, Dumfries District. The look ouj of thirty thousand miners in Scotland, which was regarded as in- evitable, ha« been averted. *The Freneh Government has presented to New South Wales and South Aus- tralia fifty date palms each. The palms are of tha Degletnoar variety and are from the Hnma Gardens, Algiers. The butter and cheese from. New Zea- land by the s.s. Kaikoura have arrived in good condition. The bargo of South Australian wheat by the barque Gàlgorm Castle, which lei t Port Augusta on December 24th, ' has been sold at 22s. 9d. per quarter. There is no change |io report, in the price of Danish butter. The Upper Chamber of the Hungarian Parliament has rejected the Civil Mar- riage Bill, psssed by the House of Representatives. The hemp market is slightly easier.. Good to fair Wellington hemp is quoted at £15 15«. Victorian frozen mutton is quoted at 2|d.perlb. At the wool eales to-day competition was stronger and prices for medium sorts were firmer. Silver is qnofced at 28¿d. per oz. The proposal made by Senator Lo Ige that the United States should impose a discriminatory tariff upon all goods f rom Great Britaiu and her colonies, until Great Britaiu assents to an international agreement on the stiver question, bas been laid before the United States Senate. Broken Hill Proprietary Company's shares are quoted at 53s. 9d. ' London, May 10. The New York Herald publishes a cablegram slatiug that a terrible earth- quake has occurred in Venezuela. The loss of life is enormous, it being com- puted that 10,000 people have perished. Several small towns have, been totally i destroyed. London, May ll. The report of the enormous loss of life, caused by an earthquake in Vene- zuela, has not been cenfirmed. The French Chamber of Deputies insists that the demand for the extradition of M. Cornelius Herz, in connection with, the Panama frauds, shall be pressed. The Goxeyites in the United States continue to seize trains, and generally their operations are causing much trouble. . ! * London, May ll. In tíie House of Commons last Bight the Budget Bill passed the second read- ing. Thc division was as follows : For the second reading. ... 308 Against ... ... ... 294 Majority for.secoudreading 14 Ia the division on the motion for the eecead readiug of the Budget Bill, the Parnellite mem- bers voted against tho Government and the anti-Parnellit.e members with the Government. Three Liberal - members and one Unionist abstained from votiug. After tbe recess it is intended to move the adjournment of the Houeo so ts to disease the position of Mr. Mundell», President of the Board of Trade, in view of his 'connection with the New ¡ Zealand Loin and Mercantile Agency Company, The report» for the hslf-year of the directors of the British Broken Hilt Silver Mining Company has been issued. It states that on the working of the mine for the half year thora waa a profit of £1,500. Slr George Grey delivered an address yesterday to the member* ef the Colonial Party in the Imperial Parliament. He declared that he was Averse to Grjat Britain annexing Samoa, which, if left aloae, could govern itself. Ho advocated the Pacific mail and cable. He thought that the formation of the Colonial Party wonld strengthen the t'es binding the colonies to the mother couotry. He was ppposad. to the Agents-General being made members of the Imperial Parlia- ment. The death is announced bf the Bight Rev. Br. Smythies, Anglican Bishop of Zanzibar. Thé opinion is growing in India that the mud smearing on trees and buildings which is so prevalent at present is the «iga of a religions and sot a political movement on the part of the natives. Lord Chief Justice Coleridge is seriously ill, and his condition is regarded as critical. It has bean discovered that the Datoh butter exporters are packing- butter ia boxes of the same shape as those in which the Australian butter is packed. Their object is 'supposed to be to pass the Dutch batter off as Australian. Th) Viceroy of India has forwarded a report to the Home Government on the mutiny of the 17th Bengal Native In- fantry at Agra. The Viceroy minimises tho importance of the outbreak, and says thst it was connected with questions of caste. ' Mr. Inglis, M.LA., of New South Wale?, will, read a paper on the 25 th instant, before the Society of Artsj on the resources of New South Wales. A scheme is in process of formation in' London for establishing a bacon curing factory at Warrnambool, in connection with the export of bacon. The Berlin Post says that the German Government has decided to assemble a larger squadron at Samoa. Three cruisers on the South American station will pro- bably reinforce the Falke and the Buz- zard. Silver is aga'n falling. It is now quoted at 28fd. per oz. A hundred and' five cases of apples from Adelaide by the R.M.S. Ophir have baen sold at an average price of 11s. 8d. a case. The apples by the R.M.S. Oriziba have arrived in good condition. They will be sold after the holidays. Australian mica is quoted as under : Large clear, 8s. to 10s. per lb ; medium clear, 3s. to 6s. per lb.; large cloudy, 5«. to 6s.; medium cloudy, 2s. to 3s. At the wool f-a^es to-day there was brisk competition. The sales have baeii adjourned uutil the 16th inst, for the Whitsuntide holidays. London, May 12. It is proposed to wind up the Oriental Steamship Company, whosa offices are at' 84 Leadenhall Street, E.G. Serious anti-Jewish riots have occurred in South-east Russia. A bomb was exploded yesterday in tho Avenue Kl bur, Paris. Much damage .was done, but uo one was killed or wounded' Broken Hill Proprio'ary Coiapmy's shares are quoted at 51s. 3d. The men cf the 17th Native Infantry who mutinied, at Agra, allege that the recruits , in the regiment were' illegally beaten. The shareholders of the Greta (N.S.W.) Colliery Company have adopted Mr. Harper's advice in regard to reducing the capital of the company and altering the system ot working the company's mines. Mr. Harper states that the Bir midge and Thiisk. mmes are splendid Inyèstmstttjs^ ia, Sydney owarä bably bo worth £5,000,000 in a few ! years time. The English wheat market shows a general declino of 3i. a quarter, the American is depressed, and the Canti j nental is changing a little for tho worse. Six hundred osse*ts have been made in connection wiih the recently discovered I Nihilist plot in Sr. Petersburg. Among those arrested are important Government officials, p iests. a id bankers. Much anti-British sentiment is preva I lent in Germany in regard to the Samoan questioy. The Germans fear that America is bo oming the tool of Great B.itaia in regard lo Samoa. Many of the German journals suggest that Great Brifcam should be c i stied with the Tonga group of islands. Owing to the immense success of the Rusai MI conversion loan the amount issued has been increased to 1,000,000,000 rouble J (fiíó). [The nominal value of the rouble is 3?. 2d.] Mr. E. O. Garrick and Mr. Henry J. Gibbs have been added to the Directorate of the New Zealand Loan and Mercantile Agency Company,. It is probable that the question will be raised as to the late Board's liability in regard to the dividend which it paid out of the com- pany's capital. The total number of bales catalogued for the present series of weol sales is 113,400 and the total number sold is 103,600. London, May 13. The marriage of the Czarowitch to the Princess Alix of Hesse has been fixed to take place on November 10th. The gold exhibit from Western Aus- tralia is now on view at the Imperial Institute. Yesterday it was inspected by theJPrinceof Wales. The Irish National Convention, now sit fing at Liverpool, has resolved to cali a national convention, to meet at Dublin, for the purpoie of healing the feud* in the party. A tribe of Indians in Mexico has in- flict id a severe defeat on a large foree of Mexican troops. The Indians formed an ambush ia a mountain defile, into which they drew the Mexicans. Two hundred of the troops were killed. The Indians tortured the wounded by flayiog their fé«t. An additional hundred arrests have been made at St. Petersburg, ia connec- tion with the recently discovered Nihilist plot. It is announced that the Khedive of Egypt, Abbas Pasha, will visit London and Paris next June. An Anarchist named Tournemaire has been anested in Paris, on suspicion of being coacerned in the dynamite outrage in the Avatiue Kleber. London, May 14. Tbe Brooklyn Tabernacle, well known as the placj of worship at which Dr.. Talmage holds forth, has been burnt. The fi'e began at the con- clusion of Sundiy morning's service. The various relic;, which Dr. Talmage' brought from the Holy .Land, including a pulpit made from stone said to have been obtained from the hill of Calvary, we e destroyed by the fire. The B^gent Hotel, whieh adjoins the Tabernacle, was also burnt. The fire was causad by a defective elfc ic motor which blew the org.in at th Tabernacle. Th© damage is estimât ;i At over 1,000,000 dollars (£200,000). In consequence of the disclosures in re- gard to the Nf-w Zealand Loan and Mer- cantile Agency Company, of which he was a director, the Right Hon. A. J. Mau- della, M.P., bas resigned his position of President of the Board of Trade. All sections "of th? Press heartily appro re of his action. ** The German Colonial Society has pe- titioned Connt Caprivi to secure Samoa for Germany. The Times of this morning declares that no British Government can even dis- cuss the establishing of a German pro- tectorate over Samoa. It hints that a dual control by Great Britain and Ger [ mauy might be possible. Sir P. B. T. Carter, Chief Justice of Newfoundland, has reported on the charges of bribery brought against I several members of the Newfoundland Legislature. He states that the corrup- tion in the district represented by the ex Premier, Sir William Whiteway, sur- passes the corruption ia all the other dis'riots covored by the oaqutry. A slight shook of earthquake was falti ^JNtójft; ijrô^raa^^,.,,!/ /;? ¿o. ? . ? ?.. ( \:y ^ Extradition has been granted ia the case of the French Anarchist Meunier, whs is believed to have taken part in the fatal explosion at the Café Very, Paris, in 1892. The Hon. Harold Finch Hatton, a fermer resident of Queensland, has Writ* ten a letter to the Times on the financial crisis in Australia. He attributes the crisis chiefly to piratical legislation against the squatters, more especially : in New South Wales. Mr. Mundella has made aa explanation With regard te his resignation of tho position of President of the Board of Trade. He says that though conscious of his innocence in his actions as a direc- tor of the New Zealand Loan and Her* cantile Agency Company, he has resigned in order to avoid crippling the admhns trative freedom of the Board of Trade, with whom rests further proceeding« in connection with the Company. The wives of the Maryland (U.S.A.). collieries declare that if their husbands go out on strike they will themselves work the mines. A band of foreign operatives are marching from Indiana te Washington with a petition to Congress asking for a suspension of immigration. * London, May IS. The National Liberal Federation has convened'a Conference, to be held at Leeds on June 26 th. The object of tho Conference is to consider what attitude the party should assume in regard to the House of Lords. Tournemire, the Anarchist who was arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the recent bomb explosion in tko Avenue Kleber, Paris, has proved an alibi. He will, however, be prosecuted as an Anarchist. Owing to th» asylum afforded to the 'Brazilian insurgents by the Porta» goose warships a rupture has occurred between Marshal Peixoto's Government and the Portuguese Government. It has been decided that Cape Colony shall be represented at the Caloma! Con« ference to bs held at Ottawa next month. The Premier, Mr. Ceeil Rhodes, kee chosen the Agent-General, Sir Charles Mills, and Mr. Henry Grevillea, to represent the colony at the Conference. Seven thousand London cabmen go, ant . on strike to-morrow unless the cab owners reduce the charge for hiring cabs three, shillings a day. The men contend that at the price at present charged it is im- possible to makd a living« The cholera is spreading in South Russia. The dieeas9 has now got a footing in seven provinces. The Great Aurora mine in Michigan, U.S.A., has caught fire. Many of the miners are below the area of the fire, and are thus cut off from all channels of escape. The International Conference of Miners, now sitting at Barlin, is engaged in discussing the expediency of the eight hours labour day being enforced by law. The death is announced of Professor Henry Morley, LLD., the well-known authority oa English literature. The b\uk holiday yesterday, Whit Monday, was eigna'ise.d by many boating accidents. Six holiday makers -were drowned at Ipswich. Forty Ooxeyites have been sentenced to he wy terms of imprisonment for steal- ing railway trains. A fire occur rel list night at the Cam- berwell workhouse, London, S.E. Four huudred of tho inmates narrowly escaped b.'ing burat to death. The visible supply of wheat is 77,750,000 quarters. The quantity of wheat afloat for the United Kingdom is 4,070,000 quarters. The apples from Australia by the R.M.S. Orizaba have sold a*¡ from 8s. to 14s. a case. Silver is quotsd at twenty-eight and nine-sixteenths pence per oz. Broken Hill Proprietary Company's shares at quoted at 52s. London, May 16. The Coxeyites have captured and-cap- sized a ferryboat at Yakima, near Wash- ington. Niue people were drowned. - . Mr. F. P. Labilliére, barrister-at-law, has written a let-.or to the Times, com- menting upon the new death duties pro- vided for in the budget proposals of the Chaacellor oE the Exchequer, Sir William Harceurt. RV declares that they will affect the colonial property of persons liv- ing and dying in England, and will thu» retird the flow of wpitftV for inyestment In Anelralifc, ßir John Pender, Chairman of the Eastern Extension Telegraph Company has written a letter to the Times, op- posing the proposed Pacific cable. He contends that Sir Charlos Tupper, High Commissioner for Canada, who receutly wrote te the Times supporting the cable, has not succeeded in explaining away the fallacies which surround the proposal. The delegates attending the Inter- national Miners' Congress at Berlin represent a million minera. . The recent numerous arrests in Russia ia connection with the discovery of a large Nihilist plot, are said to have given the death blow to a revolution which was pending. It is believed that it will take the Nihilists years to reorganise. The miners who were imprisoned ia #he Great Aurora Mine, Michigan, U.S.A., through the mine catching fire, have been rescued. A terrille fire occurred at Boston, U.S.A., yesterday, when houses covering twelve acres of ground were burned. Five hundred families have been rendered homeless by the fire. The damage is estimated at 1,000,000 dollars (£200,000.) News has been received that the cele- brated racing yacht Valkyrie has foun- dered off the coast of Africa. The yacht originally belonged to the Earl ' of Dunraven, but he had sold her to an Italian count. All hands were lost. The apples from Adelaide by the R.M.S. Orizaba, shipped by Mr. Harvey as general cargo, have proved a failure. They only realised from 6d. to 2s. a case. The apples from -Melbourne by the Orizaba sold lt from 6s. to 13s. a eise. The Belgian Coneul in Melbourne has reported favourably on the prospects of sugar beet culture in Victoria. Silver is quoted at twenty-eight and three-sixteenths pence per ounce. London, May 17. ' A Panama cablegram has been received stating that a train has been derailed at San Salvador, the capital of the Central American republic of that name. Three hundred people, were killed. \- The great fire at Boston, U.S.A., by which houses covering twelve aeres of ground have been destroyed, was the work of an incendiary. Nineteen persons were injured in the great fire at Boston, and there are also forty children missing. The States of Wisconsin and Minne- ! .eta have been visited by terrible floods, j Houses, mills and bridges have been destroyed and an immense amount of property bas been swept away. The damage is estimated at 2,500,000 dollars (£500,000). Mr. Jefferson Ware, of Wollongong, New Sauth Wales, has written a letter to a newspaper here, warning clerks and* unskilled labourers against emigrating to Australia. It is stated that Mr. Forrest, Agent General for Queensland, will represent that coleny at the Colonial Conference te be held at Ottawa next month. Mr. Duncan Gillies, Agent-General for Victoria, has visited Covent Garden for the purpose of examining the methods adopted there for the sale of fruit. The Italian Chamber of Deputies has, after debate, decided cot to reduce the Tote for the army. The strike of London cabmen for a re- daction of three shillings in the amount paid per day for their cabs, has begun. The strikers are resorting extensively to picketing, in order to dissuade non-strikers from driving cabs. A number of the London cab owners j have accepted the drivers' terras, and there is a possibility of the strike being settled. 1 Yesterday two hundred of the strikers overturned a hansom cab in Park Lane, and in doing so one of the driver's legs was broken. The Council of the Boyal Colonial Institute has addressed a proteot to the Chancellor of the Exchequer, ia regard ts the new death duties as they effect the colonial property of porsons resident in : England. j The directors of the New Zealand Loan and Mercantile Agency Company j have made a «all of 20s. on the Oom- j paoy's ordinary shares and of 70s. on the i preference shares. It ie reported tbat tbe Beard of Trade bas decided to .compel the railway com- panies cot to work tbe signalmen in their employ more than ten boars a day. The death is announced of Prince Clovis Bonaparte. Mr. Edward Morris, Professor of Modern Languages and Literature at the Melbourne University, has written a letter to the Times appealing for funds to aid the Melbourno unemployed. The polioe at Liege, in Bel guim, are, i it is stated, engaged in unravelling an j international anarchical plot. - ' Broken Hill Proprietary Company's 1 shares are quoted at 51s. 3d. At the wool sales to-day there was no change in prices, but competition con- tinued fair. 