GENERAL CABLEd. London1, August 10. Fabulous prices wcro paid for scats at tho windows of tho buildings facing tho public gu'llotlne in Paris, and a great number of Parisian ladies of fashion attired in cxpon Bivo toilets were present to sco Cascrio Santo, tho assassin of President Cnrnot, executed. So great was the crush to witness the end of tho Anarchist, that some of tho slght-eecm waited all night to seoure prominent positions. Before quitting hl« cell Snnto a«ked for a glass nf rum,whloh was given him, and then ho walked firmly to tho block. A man named Guff ay, whose feelings carried him away to the extent of extolling tho self-denying heroism of Santo, was Bontoncod to three years' imprison \- mont. Owing to tho war In tho East, hopes of the inorcase in tho purchase of silver securities are becoming buoyant. It is reported that tho British Ambassador in Paris has been instructed to inform the French Government that- Great Britain would withhold her assent to the Congo Treaty. In the Commons to-day Sir E. Grey, In reply to a question, confirmed the report, but stated that the BrltUh Govern ment ontcrtained hopes that the matter would be amicably settled, Victorian mutton is selling at 2Jd and lamb at 0§d por 1b. The Bradford wool market is animated, and all classes of tops hnvo advanced one half -penny per lb, Tho Americans arc buying freely at best rates of the last London wool Balcx. A case, Mccredy v, Scheurcr, Lnuth, and Co., claim £25,000, for falsa imprisonment, is filed for hearing in London. [Mccredy was Austtnlinn agent, with hcml otllco at Mel bourne, for tho Parisian firm named, Whilu in London lnst year ho was arrested on a charge of having obtained the goods of tho firm by false pretences. Tho charge fell through, as did nlso a similar one heard at Melbourne more recently.] Bur sllvor Is quoted nt 2/5) per oz standard being an advance of seven-sixteenths of a penny slnco lnst Thursday. The tin market is improving. Australian tin was quoted on Thursday at £011/2/0 for cash, and £09/7/0 for three months bills. Danish butter Is quoted at £5 por cwt. A vigorous crusade ngninst Anarchists Is being carried on In Berlin, nnd recently forty well-known agitators have been arrested. Senator Dolph proposes to amend the Free Sugar Bill by restoring tho duties on wool. Tho free listing Hills sent to tho Senate by the Honsc of Representatives have been re ferred to the finance committee. Tho United States Senate has passed tho Bill prohibiting immigrant Anarchists from landing in America. A British Blue Book dealing with tho affairs of Slam shows that the British Premier— the Earl of Rosebery — proposed that Slam should bo placed under a joint guarantee of England and France. Although the French ollnlstcr at Bnnpok — M. de Vllllers — concurred in the proposal, nothing practical was effected. London, August 17. It is reported that the French Anarchists are plotting to take the lifo of the Premier (M. Dupuy), and that he has fled from Franco. The Kaffirs In Zoutpamberg, tho most northerly district of the Transvaal, who revolted against the Boers and occupied Agatha, have been successful in repulsing the Boers while attempting to relieve that stronghold. The Boer garrison is scouring tho country, and burning the Kaffir home steads. The Secretary of Btato for India (Mr. H. H. fowler), in presenting tho Indian budget in the House of Commons last night, said the experiment of oloslng the mints had proved satisfactory. He farther stated that the sooner India potaessed a gold standard the better it would be for that country. The Equalisation of London Rates Bill, whleh passed the House of Commons, has been read a second time in the Honse of Lord!. 