THE CREDIT FONCIER BILL. The Government have decided to intro dace the credit foncier system of banking and money lending. It is semi-officially announced that the first measure of the session will be. the Credit Fonder Bill, and that its object will be to lend money to formers at a low rate of interest. Why cheap money ahouldbe made the special privilege of the farmer, anymore than of any other useful and industrious^class of the community is not very: clear.■’* But hy the time it has been well threshed a ' #• * r -, general election will be pretty close, and as the farming and landholding vote is by far the most powerful country, the Government, of course, want to stand extra well with that powerful interest. If the credit fancier system is such a good one and if it will be perfectly safe under it to advance money to farmers at about half the present rates which they have at present to pay to the banks, why should it not be an equally good system to apply to’all other classes of colonists who can provide the requisite securities? When the bill comes before the House, this is a matter which must not escape the atten tion of hon. members. If it is so highly desirable and so necessary to release one class from the bondage of the private | money-lender, Parliament will bo surely ■ engaging'itself in ns good a work if it trios to release the other classes. If the system is introduced and the investing public catch on to it—there need be no question ! about a supply of borrowers—it will to o considerable extent revolutionise the I business of banking in this colony. It is I for that reason and because, through its | Treasurer, the present Government are I known to bo hand in glove with the banks I that we have some misgivings whether I they are completely in earnest over the matter. However, there will be time enough to see, but in the meantime it will bo well for all persons who are in the habit of periodically or regularly trading upon borrowed money to watch the development of events in Parliament and see if they also cannot come under the bill under more favorable terms than the banks can afford to give them. The bill that is to be introduced can be summarized in a few sentences. It will seek to enact that the Government may raise money by selling bonds or deben tures having 20 or 30 years' currency, and bearing interest at 4 percent. As funds are raised from this source the money will be lent out to farmers for a period of from 20 to 30 years at 5 per cent. This it is calculated will cover the interest to be paid annually to the bondholder and allow a margin of 1 per cent for working expenses, which is considered ample. In addition to paying tbe 5 per cent, the borrower will have to pay an additional 2 or 2£ per cent, yearly towards the forma tion of a sinking fund for tbe-redemption of the loan. Advances will only be made up to 50 per cent of tbe value of the security offered, which must-bo land or other real property. Provision will be made in the bill for making advances to selectors who are cultivating or improving land in process of aleination from tho Crown. It is always a'risky business for the Government to become a money lender. We have seen how it has been in tbe case of the water and irrigation trusts, as also in the railway trusts which were formed to construct the Koondrook and Katamatite' lines. But then the Government took foreign raised loan money and merely, handed it over to the parties interested, leaving them thereafter to bring political influences to bear in order, to defeat the obligations entered into. The working of the new money lending system will proceed on different lines. In (heotheroases whole districts had a strong pecuniary interest in getting out of their obligations; under the new system the responsibilities entered into with tbe State banker will be individual and personal. Another safeguard will be the fact that on tbe first attempt of the credit fancier borrowers to play fast and loose with the Government, the investors, the pur chasers of the 4 per cent bonds will take tho alarm; they wilt cease to “ deposit" in the State foncier bank, and there and then there will be an end to further lend ings. The British money lender has no one in the colony to see that the money which he used to lend so freely to the Government was wisely invested by the State; the State now that it is under taking to borrow from one section of the people to lend to Another section will have many and watchful eyes upon it that contracts are observed. High interest, is one of the causes which is keeping the colony in a backward and depressed con dition. There is understood to be an abundance of money waiting investment, so much so that.the treasurer' within the past few (months has had to twice raise the minimum price, of Treasury bonds. As the credit foncier investors: will have the security of the: Government there, should consequently. be no difficulty in soon raising a considerable sum for' mak ing advances to landowners and others possessed of’the necegsary secdrity. , Eohuca,' Moaua, Country News; - How : thei Queen Dines/ How Voicca aroRaiaed.and other items will bo found oh oar first'page; this morning. r -Fouaja -’-The following additional reading matter will bo the fourth! page':—Mining Nows'and tfiffis, City Polioo Court, Public Works in Western Australia. Our Supplement to-day contains a con tinuation serial tale, “Murdered at Mid-day," « At the Beehive," by Mosquito; Sporting Notes, by “ Coooo“ KoroSoisonces of Old Bendigo/’ by. Daniel Morrington, Melbourne Gossip, and a variety of .miscel laneous matter. Today’s Events.— Football match, Albion v. Sailor’s Gully, Show Grounds, 3.30 p,m.; Eaglohawk Enginodrivers, 7 p.m.; Bendigo Engiocdrivora, 7.30 p.m. ; Dan Barry Cos. Tbcatro, 8 p.m. Forfeited Shares in the Lb 80110 and North Argus companies will be sold by auction to-day. Religious Services will bo celebrated to morrow in tho various churches as advertised. The Vacant Allotment Nuisance.—At the City Council yesterday tho question of vacant altotmootsboing used as depots for refuse was again brought up. The health officer (Dr. J. Mclntyre Eadie) referred in his report to the nuisance caused by ono such allotment. Cr. McGowan on tho report being road, suggested that these allotments should ho fenced in. A couplo of councillors thought they had no power to compel tho owners to fence them, Cr. Bailee pointed out that if they could not do this, ot all events they could prosoauto thorn for allowing a nuisance to accumulate on their property. . After somo further remarks tho matter dropped without any definite decision being arrived at The Vicissitudes of a shameful Call ing.—At tbo Polioo Court yesterday a woman named Rose Sinclair was charged with having no lawful visible moans of support She was arrested on Wednesday afternoon along with somo half-dozen others ot the house of the woman Filch'in Dowling street. Tho defonr dant, who is a young woman, had a far different 'appearance from her companions. She was evidently a woman of considerable beauty,and even yet in spite of tbo Hfe,she was leading,her face is far from being unprepossess ing. She was dressed respectably enough, the lawdary apparel of her class being alto gether absent She also appeared to regard her companions in the dock with some aver sion', affected or otherwise, as she stood away. In one corner. When asked-wha/she had to. say to tbo charge against Aor, she said sho had boon ill and wont 'to stop, for two or tbreo days with the woman Fitch, whom sho somewhat haughtily referred to as “ that per son." Tho evidence of tho police, however, showed that she bad fallen very low indeed. She had only been two or throe months in Bendigo, and during that time ono of the witnesses said sho bod not boon sober for a day, and tho language she was in tho habit of using was shocking. Constable Gordon deposed that ho had known her . for sovon or eight years. At first sho was in a “ flash” brothel in Swanston street, and bad gradually fallen lower, till now sho consorted with Chinamen and ruffians of tho worst kind. Bho was sentenced to throo months' imprison ment. ' Reducing the Width of Streets,—At tho meeting of tho City Council yesterday tho surveyor submitted tbo following scheme for reducing tbo width of certain portions __ of Wattlo and Victoria streets;— Commencing at a point in the S.W. side of Wattle street, bearing N. 32® 55min. W. 489-7 links- from tbo N. W. side of Langston street; thonoo in tho same alignment, namely, N. 352° 55min. W. 169*3 links; thence N. 47° 24min. W. 309 links to an iron pin: thonoo S. 56° 59min. W. 434 links to a point on the B.E. side of Victoria street; thence N. 59° 39min. E. 399 links to tho existing anglo of Victoria and Wattlo streets; thonoo N. 47° 24min. £. to tl)o point of. commencement; tho surplus land to bo taken from such streets to bo sold to tbo owners of allotments whose frontages abut upon tho same; tho upset price to be settled by tbo Lands department and the purchase money to bo retained by tho Govern ment. Cr. McGowan gave notioo of motion for the adoption of the report. Truthfulness op City Officials Im pugned,—At the mooting of tho City Council yesterday tho following letter was received from Mr. C. 11. Read, butcher, of High street, against whom proceedings were taken in tbo Police Court a few days ago by City Inspector Fahey for having bis promises in a dirty state. On that occasion tho defendant emphatically contradicted tho evidence of Inspector Faboy and Dr. J. Mclntyre Eadio, tbo health officer. A small fine, however, was inflicted. The letter road as follows After mature consideration I think it a duty to myself and follow citizens to bring under your notice tho conduct of two of your officers, namely, the inspector and health officer. In tbo case ot Fahey v. Road, heard on tbo 17th inst., I charge thorn with gross exaggeration in tbo witness box, and I hopo you will oaueo an inquiry to bo made into it I was present wbon they came on tbo 10th May, and there was nothing anybody could make any objection to, as tho yard (an asphalt ono) was perfectly clean.” The loiter was merely “received,* tho request for an inquiry being passed over with comment Primitive Methodist.—The Revs. Rofo, Tregoar and Hicks preach tbo anniversary sermons of Buckioy street Primitive Church to-morrow, and with tho Revs..Wostaoott and Pro van, also address tho public mootings on Monday. , Wesleyan Home Missions.—Services, in connection with tbo Homo Missions will bo conducted in tho Wesloyan Churches to morrow. Tbo Rev, J. W. Williams, an able and popular minister from New Zealand, will preaob at Forest street in tho morning and the Rev. S. Cuthbort, of Melbourne, in the evening. Public mootings will bo held throughout (bo circuit next week, beginning at Forest street on Monday at 7.30, wbon addresses will be delivered by tho Rev. Mr. Cuthbort and tho circuit ministers. . The Charities’ Art Union.—Tho prin cipal prize winners in the charity art union are the following:—First prize, piano, Robert Costelanolli, Back Creek ; second, Abbott buggy, Mrs. Hopper, Mundy street (wifo of a railway employe); third, “Tho History of Victoria” in two vols. ; Mrs. Dates (widow of tbo bandmaster who died so suddenly yester day) ; fourth, lady’s costume, Mr. Cairns, White Hills ; fifth, tea set, Henry Mousso; sixth, picture, Mrs. McMahon, Wentworth; seventh, Mrs. Drummond, Melbourne ; eighth, Mr. W. Foloy, Barnard street; ninth, Miss Sparlo, Epsom; tenth, Mr. J. Lane, Back Creek. Mrs. Kelly, of tho Royal Duko Hotel, won Hinio Tsmoa r s Now Zealand greenstone brooch. A statement appears in our evening contemporary that Mr. Gordon yesterday refused to givo up tho first or second prize unless £lO was donotod to the hospital. Mr. Gordon informs us that neither of the holders of these two winning numbers had up to yesterday put in an appearance, and as to demanding anything, it is simply nonsense to think that tbo winner of a prize could ho made to pay anything if be or she did not care to do so voluntarily. Tbo prizes are ■ all ready for the winners, and wo are requested to ask tbo winners to call for them to-day, as Mr. Gordon wishes to have (hem out of bis bands as soon os possible. Owing to the. several accounts against the committee not being sont in it bos boon decided to hold over tho balancc-sboot until next Tuesday night, when tho final mooting will be held and every-, thing settled in connection with the art union.. Mr. A. 8. Gordon writes Will you kindly permit me to correct one statement which* is attributed to me in your roportof Thursday night’s proceedings at the Town Hall. Tbo report states that I said if we bad received the support from tho public which we expected wo would have bad £5OO clear profit instead of two. This is not exactly what I said. “If times were bettor,” I said, “ the same effort and tho same expense would have resulted id a.profit of £5OO for the charities.” As I honestly fool grateful for the great assistance I have received from all quarters, 1 think it only fair that I should acknowledge that both myself and my com mittee are satisfied (bat the balance which we shall hand over to the charities wjjl bo, very, satisfactory. A Trip Round the World.—On Monday evening Mr. W. W. Lewis,-'the' popular secretary of the Mohawks and Bendigo Rowing Club, entertained his friends to “an 1 evening at homo,” prior to his leaving Bendigo for a 12 months trip round the world. Mr. Dono* van proposed Lewis’s health and wished him a pleasant voyage and a happy return 1 , to Bendigo. The toast was supported by Mr.. Brown and Mr. Armstrong, and drunk with musical honors. Mr. Lewis feelingly re sponded. ' Songs wore rendered by • Mrs. Anderson, Miss. Warno and Messrs. Arm strong, Donovan and Lewis, Mr. A. Fibster .acting as accompanist. On Thursday evening his young lady friends presented him with a beautiful travelling case, Mr. Donovan making the presentation on their behalf. Mr, Lewis thanked the ladies for their token of. esteem and said that ho would always-have something to think of on the-Continent- and in their beautiful present After partaking ot light refreshments, songs were given by Misses McVeigh, -Linoban, Kane/ Grace and Hughes. Mr. -Lewis left by the 3.ls'train yesterday afternoon, and sails by tho 8.5.- Orotava from Pore Melbourne to-day. A number of his friends wore on tbo platform'to see him off. . The Tool Fund for tub Unemployed.— In reference to this, fund wbiohwos inaugu rated by./tbO'Boudigb'and District Trades aod Labor Council, the secretary Mr. D. Egan, is issuing circulars explaining that ad far as tho straightened birbdmstanoes of the affiliated societies would permit they have contributed to,tho fond. To doth the council has boon enabled to supply tools to,about 100 men; but as tho funds arc exhausted, and they are besot with-appeals from old, bonesland hardworking members of onr own oommnnity,- they desire through this /circular to bring under notice the foots hereincontained and the. claims of-the fund'on the generosity, of the publio-tb enable the- assistance ;tp be; continued. - Theolrcqlar continues:—“t-would : respectfully-baUyour attention to ;tbe/ followingl.That~it is much moro dosirablo" to assist men to earn ttoh allow them to gefca' living ■by begging. 2,' That every penny weight of gold so obtained contributes to the prosperity of our district,' Any subscriptions will Do thankfully received by the secretary or any member of the Trades and Labor Council, or by the editors of tbo local newspapers. ’’ MAKING rlui MOST OP HER WITNESS.— Some am cement was caused in the Police 1 Court yesterday while an old woman named Mery Blake was being charged with having no lawful visible moan 6 of support. She called an old man named Henry' Watson to prove that aim had means of support Immedlawiy bo got into tbo bo* sho opened fire on him as follows ; -“Don’t I Uvo in the house at tbo back of Mary Aon Pitch’s 5 yard, and have■ 11 been living with you for four years, Md luvn fe you boon Keeping me, and don t I work for Mrs. Pitch, and you Know I T* 1 * th ‘*? to wash up tbo dishes and I only go out for on hour hod, a half In the. after*, noon.” Tbo witness (solemnly): “Ask mo a question.” (Laughter.) Tbo bench; You can’t ask a question andjanswor it yourself,* Defendant; “And don’t I work fori Mrs. Pitch, and* don’t you keep mo? Answer that? Witness; “I do.” To the bench:“l’ve always kept her except when she’s up on the hill, (Laughter.) I’vo kept her nearly four years. When she came to mo sho was the most dosparost woman, hut I keep her orderly, and I’m willing lo keep her still.” In spile, however, of tho man’s evidence, the bench decided to send her 11 up on tbo hill” for another spoil of three months. Mr. Abraham Roberts, of Wills street, is, bis friends will regret to hear, seriously ill from congestion of the lungs. Ho is under the care of Dr. Atkinson, Thp. Police Magistracy. -It now appears that Major Bartrop is not to be Mr. Loader's successor in the police magistracy of the Bendigo district, but that it is to bo Mr, Joseph Rowan. Mr. Rowan has latterly boon stationed in the Booohworth district and. is to bo succeeded there by Mr. Smallman, from Bhopparton. Mr. Rowan is an old Bendigo. ! niao, having prior to and subsequent to 1870 iaen tho warden’s clerk , hero when--.the business in that department was so very brisk. Those who remember the systematic capacity for business which ho then displayed as a Government official, - and his conscientious aUqnyon to tho duties of the position, will ho pleased ;to welcome him back as tbo holder of tho higher and moro' responsible post of 1-police magistrate, ‘ „ Tub Peculiar, Accident in a Railway Carriage. —Telegrams received yesterday from Ararat by Mr. Nicholas Jeffrey, of Eoglohawk, father-in-law of Mr. ■ Sydney Stubbs, who bad bis nock dislocated in a railway carriage at tho Qoldsbrough station a few days ago, wore of a . much moro Hopeful character. Ono which came to band in the forenoon slated that there was an improvement, in tbo. patient’s consciousness having returned, la tho evening another was received, stating that Mr. Stubbs wished lo bo remembered to them, thus showing that bo was in tho full onjoymentTof his sonses. A doctor has boon obtained from Melbourne, and it is to bo hoped that with their united •are and attention be will pall through his trying experience. A Water Stout.— Oup Bridgewater cor respondent states that Mr, C. Smith, of Salisbury West, on Saturday afternoon last saw what appeared to bo a water spout. It was travelling in a northerly direction and seemed to be descending from a cloud. Just as it came oyer the farmhouse of Mr. MoLindou it came down with to trifle force. It altogether travelled about half a mile, and at‘intervals large hailstones oamo out of it. Mr,. MoLindon was only a few chains away from his bouse at the time, but no rain fell wbero ho was standing, The phenomenon lasted about X 5 minutes, and then passed away. The Proposed Chilling Works.— Tho following circular is being forwarded by tho mayor to different of the prominent and enter prising residents of the Bendigo district ‘‘At a mooting bold in (be Town Hall, Bendigo, on the Bth instant, to discuss the advisability of establishing chilling works in the district,' it was unanimously decided that the time was now opportune for such a venture to bo undertaken with groat success. I have, therefore, the pleasure lo Invite you to attend tbo adjourned meeting in tbo Town Hall, Bendigo, on Monday, June 4tb next, at 3 p.m., for the purpose of further considering the scheme.” The Rabbit Question.— Tbo Minister of Lands has received a letter from the Avooa Shire Council condemning tbo system of destroying rabbits by poison, and suggesting that a bonus should bo offered for their de-. situation otherwise at id per head. Mr. Blaok, tbo chief inspector under tbo Vermin Act, has pointed out to Mr. M‘lntyre that tho bonus system- was au absolute failure wherever it was tried. Tbo Swan Hill Shite Council t expended some thousands of pounds in paying bonuses for rabbit destruction, but the rodents wore found to bo as numerous as over in that district. The Royal Commission appointed some years ago to report on tbo destruction of tho post stated;—“ The system of state bonuses has, after a long trial, been abolished in all tbo colonies. It was radically bad, rabbits being as numerous as ever not withstanding tbo payment of the bonuses. Tho operation of the trapper simply drives the rabbits micro widely over the country, and no good is done ’to anyone except the rabbllors, who fatten on this pernicious system.” It is not likely that Mr. M'lntyro will adopt the suggestion,,nor is it thought probable be will accede to the wish of tho residents of Btralbbogie who-waited on tbo Secretary for Lands on Wednesday and asked that a bill should bo _ introduced during the coming session authorising tho appointment of local vermin boards, and giving thorn power to levy a rote on properties in the district to obtain funds lo destroy rabbits.— Argue. “The Lady of Lyons.”— Tho Literary and Dramatic Society are making special efforts to successfully stage this piece on Wednesday next; At tho rehearsal last evening at the Masonic Hall a decided improvement was noticeable each member well sustaining bis or her respective character! A letter was received from Mr. Dan Barry in reply to one sent by the secretary, asking him to avoid clashing with the local production. Mr. Barry replied Chat it was bis original Intention to havo played on tho Wednesday but under the cir cumstances bo would never think of doing so. Tbo members greatly appreciated this generous act. As a number of tickets have been dis posed of those requiring a comfortable seat are reminded that they can reserve scats at A. J. Smith and Co.’s book depot, Pall Mall. 1 : Bible .Christian!— The anniversary of tbo Bible Christian Church, McKenzie 'street, will' be celebrated to-morrow. A tea meeting will take place on Monday.' Government Immigrants for Australia. —Fifty single women, Government emigrants, have left London by tho steamer Port Pirie (or Perth. Another batch will leave in August. Australian Starr Bowkett Building Society.— This sooiety'hold its third, annual meeting on the 17th iost. at tho Contractor’s Exchange, Flinders street. The balance-sheet and report was after considerable discussion unanimously adopted. Several notices of motion were discussed and dealt with. Tbo ballot of £6OO was drawn in favor of olustor No. 7, held by a- member residing at Haw thorn, and- tbo sura of £6OO was -sold at an average price of £69 10s, a great demand existing for the money. For the election Of seven directors there were 17 nominations, for whom 2199, votes were recorded. It will give entire satisfaction to the Boodigo.sbareholders to know that their'worthy representative, Mr. Michael Thomas, J.P., of California Gully and Sandringham, polled the largest number of votes, viz., 239. Mr. Thomas has been chairman of the board of directors for tho past two yearsand is deservedly bold in high esteem'by the members for his unremitting attention to the business of the society. Mr. Gladstone.— An operation for cataract has been performed on Mr. Gladstone’s right' eye. - It-was quite successful. [Mr. Gladstone retired from-offloo-early in Marob in oonsc* quenco .of increasing blindness , caused by. cataract. A fCw weeks later hecCnsultod Mr. Edward. Nettleship, the eminent oculist, - who stated that bo was suffering from oatarapt in both eyes.' AJlSter cablegram in the Herald.says that there were three doctors in attendance/Mr. Gladstone declined to use chloroform or any any other an£E3thetio.. . He boro the whole painful experience .with sere and r obarodterisr lie courage. Ho is now resting in a dark room, and Is 'progressing remarkably well, considering his advanced ago. Three Thousand Men Killed. —A. fierce civil war is raging in the.-Central American Republic of Salvador. ; Desperate fighting has taken place between the .Government troops and the rebels, and since the 15th lost. 3000- men have been billed on both sides.' Probate has.been'granted to the will of tho late John Cowan . Duncan formerly of Bendigo, £640; and Samuel Freeman; £7OB. Dr, Moorhousbon the Defensive.— The following interesting loiter has (says'the: London correspondent of the Age under date 20th April) been,addressed to b correspondent by Dr. Moorhousoy Biahop of Manchester:— ‘‘ My Dear Sir,—! beg to acknowledge the receipt of your pampmot. upon my address respecting the ‘living wage,’ and to assure you tbal tha greater part of that pamphlet has no more relation to my - nddress.than. it has to the physical constitution of the moon. You talk about r swMtlng,? ;tp which. 1: object -.as, strongly as-you can. -If; by legislation l oould give to oaoh worbmanlOa a day I/should', ho heartily glad to give it him, I have . only, pointed, out' that (here are certain objective economic limits which in the present" stage of our moral and econoipio development provent us fromdoiogwhat wd please in tho (matter. You Bay raoob, 'again, aboat tho rent iof/ilihd, not notioing^tbat,'‘loathe(only paragraph;(of my address which rblatesto theptosiblewagoa of the agrionltnral'laborer, IJiaye taken care" to eliminate thatolembnt.. You taunt: mewith the amount of my('lho6me.’ astonish you to be njado aeguaintod with ~ tbj following footsir-r : Hrb a« ;pVßinly aB(;aoy_ working; many and boliovo lhat: I;. work l)«rder and more Hours fchah hin6 bot - of:ton working. men, and yet l Am compelled, by - tho expenses inoidoDtal to my office, to spend £lOOO i year inbro than my official Income.—l unvote., J. M/JS'CURSTKB." • - ■ ■ Tim Wjsatheb—Tbo readings at Mr, Crodginglon'a yesterday worei—Thermometer, 0 sum. 51° ;12 noon, 53° ; 3 p.m. 559 • 6 p,m,, 62° ; max., 50° ; min., 48°. Barometer —9a.r0,, 29*68 ;• 6 p.m., 29*82. Messrs. B, O’Neill and' Cos. will conduct two sales at the Victoria Hotel to-day at three o'clock. Mrs. Bray’s farm and.vineyard at Emu Crook, ana Mr. T. O'Brien’s cottage and land at the corner of Hargreaves and Nolan streets, Messrs. Q. H Hobson and Cos. will sell at the Beehive to-day, at 4.30., scrip in the estate of the late Mr, B. J.-Liddell. To-morrow evening in St. Andrew’s Church, a special sermon to yonng men will bo delivered by the Uev. A. S. O. James. . A mooting of tho Traders’ Association will ho held at the Beehive on Monday evening at eight o’clock, to consider tho offer of tho Postnmier- Qoncral with reinrdto tho telephones. v Messrs. O. H. Hobson and Cos. will sell on 'Monday at two o'clock the groceries and general stock in the estate of H. Ruck, grocer, of Langston and Forest streets; and on Saturday, Jane 2, tbo land and scrip of tho late W. Larisell, of Molvor Boad. Messrs. It. O’Neill and Cos, will sell on Saturday, June 2, Ur. B. Stewart’s 37 acre garden and vine yard at Epsom. Herr Rasmussen, of Mitchell street. Bendigo, who advertises that ho in tho only cmaMsd Danish medical herbalist. Ho has boeh residing hero for the last 12 month ', and during that time claims, through his groat skill and knowledge of herbs to have positively eared several very obstinate cases of nervousness, liver complaints, etc. Ho announces that bo bos removed to tho brick ccttago opposite the Builders’ Arms Hotel, whore bis standard herbal remedies can bo obtained. 