GENERAL NEWS. His Excellency the Governor (Lord Kintore) and the Governor of West Australia (Sir Wm. Robinson) have signified their intention of being present at the oratorio performances to be given at the forthcoming musical festival. The Minuter of Education and several mem ben of Parliament will proceed to Peters burg to-day to take put in the ceremony of laying the foundation-stone of the additions to the local Town Hall Dr. Coetbam will be received at the station by the mayor and torn dark, who will present to him the mem bers of the corporation, institute com mitte. board of advice, chairmen of dis trict councils, and the Agricultural Bureau. Subsequently, accompanied by the mayor] and board of advice, a visit will be paid to the State school and the Town Hall. A speech of welcome from the mayor will be addressed to the Minister, who will lay the foundation - fitone. A banquet will take place at the Town Hall in the evening at which the mayor will preside. , The Viotoriaa authorities having applied to the Premier for as order to exhume the body of Lonia Junoken, one of the supposed victims of Mn. Needle, of Richmond, Victoria, Mr. Kingston baa praated the necessary permission. The body w boried at Lyndooh several weeks ago. Dr. Neild and Deteotave-Senteant Whitney will arrive from Melbourne to-day for the purpose of exhuming the body. His Exoellency the Governor has confirmed a by-law made by the Sooth Australian Bail way Commissioner!) providing die rates for the carriage of river-borne wool between nnder menoonedet&tionsu; per ton of 2,2401b. These are:—MorgaD, Murray Bridge, Milang, and Goolwa, to Adelaide or Port Adelaide, greasy —undamped, IGb. 10d.; dumped, 155.; scoured or washed—undamped, 22*. 4d.; damped, 18s. 7d.; Goolwa. to Viotor Ucrbor, greasy—mi dumped, 35.; dumped, 35.; scoured or washed, undamped, 55.; damped, ss. For the carriage of local wool between Morgan, Murray Bridge, Milang, and Goolwa to Adelaide or Port Ade laide, Goolwa to Viotor Harbor, the ordinary ttriff rates wilt be charged. The rat«s include loading, unloading, sheeting, and shouting. Bales carried as damped must not exceed 21 j cubic feet, and each consignment notemnstshow whether the wool is greasy, scoured, damped, or Tmdnmped, and the marks on the *?.<«« The Railway Commissioners have fixed the rates per tan for minimum loads between Coekbnm and Wallaroo thus:—Ore and flux, 14s. 3d.; coke, in bags or hopper trucks, £1 7s. 4d.; bullion (rilver lead), £1 10s. 6d.; coal, £1 2a. Id.; mining timber, not exceeding 20 ft in length, consigned to • mining company for underground working, £1 10s. 10d.; matte, 18s. 9d.; and eolphido ore. Us. These ratee include shunting; From stations between Cookbum and Petersburg to Wallaroo ore will be carried at mineral "'p?? rate, but not to exceed 14s. 3d. per too. The Executive Council have proclaimed the Bank of Adelaide an inoorpsrated bank carry ing on business in South Australia a* a, bank in which deposits may be made by trustees. His Exoellency the Governor in Comical baa approved of thews rates of postage to be charged on commercial paper* for the United Ki&gdom; and all foreign countries, on and after July 1: — Not exceeding 2 oz., 3d.; between 2 ox. and 4 oz,, Sid.; between 4 oz. and C oz., 4d.; between 6 ox. and 6 oz., 4jd.; between S oz. and 10 oz., fid.; between 10 oz. and 12 oz., 6d.; each additional 2 oz, op to 5 Ib., Id. The Commandant has made all arrangement* for the review on Monday next. The forces, which will parade at 9.15 tk.ua., will be drawn op at Moutefiore Hill at 11 a.m. to receive his Excellency the Governor. It has been decided that the entrance to the ground close to the Morphett-etaeet-bridge shall be re served solely for the use of the troops. The entranoe near the foot of the hill and on the roadside will be opened for pedestrians and those who desire to enter the park in vehicles. Bed flags will be used to indicate the line beyond whioh the public will not be admitted. The Commandant asks us to advise parents to be careful not to allow their children to approach the troops. The Minister controlling the Kortham Territory has received a telegram from the Government Resident at Palmenston stating that the steamer Darwin Bailed oo Sunday for Singapore and Batavia with 194 bullocks and 3 hones for Batavis. The Engineer-in-Chief has supplied the Marine Board with plans of the lighthouse proposed to be erected at) the sea end of the Port Gemiein jetty at an estimated cost of £110. The light will be visible forr« 'distance of ten miles in fine weather. The Chamber of Commerce have been in formed by the Treasurer that he will plaoea sum on the Estimates for the next financial year for the collection of wheat statistics. The Brisbane Chamber of Commerce are not prepared to go so far as the Adelaide Chamber in requesting a decrease in the charges for intercolonial telegrams, as they regard the present as an inopportune time for approaching the Government on the matter, but they are prepared to support a more moderate reduction in the ratee. The Marine Board have received from the Board of Trade an intimation that a majority of the foreign maritime States have expressed a general approval of the regulations for pre venting collisions at sea recommended by the WiEfihipgton International Manama -Con ference held in 1889. The Bond oE Trade have decided to adopt these regulations, and to have them issued as coon as the foreign Governments have definitely signified their adhesion, and propose that they shall take effect on March 1, 1895. The M«j-itw> Board will await the issue of these regulations before they take any action. The population of the colony on April 1 was pot down at 343,465, while the nftftir*! in crease np to the end of that month is put down at 3,450, the deaths during the same period totalling 1,338. Daring April 881 births were registered in the colony, being a percentage of "257 of the population. The average for the month during tbepreoedingnveyeUEiESB2. Thedeathsduring April reached 340, or "099 per cent., the quinquennial average being 324. In 43 cases coroner's inquests were held, and in 17 the cause of death was not certified. Twenty seven deaths resulted from diarrhraa or dj- eentery, only five of the victims being more than 12 months old. There were 27 fatal canes of phthisis, 1G of cancer, 3S of apoplexy, epilepsy, convulsions, and other hrainriinnnntinj and 21 of dropsy (IS beicg under one year of age). The decease of 24 individuals is attri buted to old age, while on the other hand 95 infants succumbed to disease jo fiomeform or other. Adelaide is credited by the Begi?trar- General of Births and Deaths with having on April 1 a population of 89,749 souls, or 10 S persons to an acre. Dnring that month there were HI births and 63 deaths, eomewbat below the quinquennial average in each case. Young ward has she largest population, 9,62% or 13"4 per acre; then comes Grey ward with 8,265, or 14*7 per acre; then Gawler ward with 0,946, or 10*33 per acre ; next Hindmarsh ward with 6,283, or 10-9 per aore; nest MacDonnell ward with 4,01 c, or 7< per acre; and finally Bobs ward with 3.715, or 77 per aore. One of the largest and most influential depn* tationu that ever waited on the City Council on any subject attended the meeting of the fiosnce committee on Thursday afternoon, representing the Hunt Club, to protest against a fee of £25 being imposed for the use of the park lands on the Saturday afternoon runs during the season. The arguments put for ward were that all other landlords were glad to see the club present and .gave their land free, and the corporation were taking a Btand which seemed to imperil the freedom of the citizens in the use of the park lands. The de putation asked that die resolution fixing the fees should be rescinded. The chairman of the finance committee (Counoillor Wells) very briefly replied that the reeolntion was carried by 11 votes to 3 by the public works com mittee. It would come before the finance committee, bat be oould not hold oat any prospect of its being weoinded. He would let the club know the fi"?i AorAmnf Colonel Gordon has issued a general order to the militia forces that in fnture "uniform will sot be want at pubuo entertaininfinte which are advertised as command nights or aB under the patronage of the Governor unless notice is issued from the Staff Office to tbeoontaary. Atallentertauunenta at winch the Comman dant oppeare officially mess drees or in default thereof full dress will be worn. Notice of Enoh. entertainment will likewise be issued from the Staff Office." Captain Chiehester, a weH-fcnown identity of Fort Adelaide, has been p^R^f^ in 1^ of die barque Chittsgoug, and took charge on Thursday. The vessel has not yet been cleared at the easterns, bat will probably be to-day, and -then sail on the first favorable dant of wind for CaUao, her original destination. A large number of ratepayers of the hundred of Waterhoose consider that the present division into three wards is unsatisfactory, and desire that the hundred fihould constitute only one ward. A petition embodying this request was presented to his Excellency the Gover nor on Thursday by Mr. Ash. The Marina Board have approved of the site selected by the Eagineer-uj-Chief for the erection of a jetty at Fowler's Bay. The Society of Arts fixhihition at the Insti tute, North-terrace, mntinnm to be as well attended as ever. Visitors, evidently art Btudente, may be observed occasionally in groups drawning the merits at the pictures. The wide range of subjects and the diversity of treatment of the works comprised in tins excellent collection of paintings afford ample Boope for them to exercise their knowledge of the technicalities of art, and no doubt they appreciate the opportunity it affords to study tile variooa nwthods of handling adopted by the exhibitors. The satisfactory attendance between 7 and 9 p.m. indicates die sxaetyVs wisdom in opening this display every evening. The shipping facilities afforded by the North Parade wharfb at Port Adelaide are being im proved by the erection by M««^? W. Howard Smith & Sons of an extensive goods died measuring 125 ft by 41 ft The structure, which in to be of galvanized iron on a timber framing, will be 14 ft. high and will be sur mounted by a roof sloping to the lour sides, having a long ventilator on the ridge of the roof. The walls will be pierced bj four door 6 on each side and one at each end; the floor will be laid with 6 in. by 2 in. jarrah upon 4 in. by 4 in. joists. The work has been entrusted to Messrs. Boron Broa., whose price was about £450. His Honor the Chief Justice win go on th 6 Northern Circuit next m?tfi, The Port Augusta Court will sin on July 24, and the Gladstone on the 2Gth. The recently formed society for the promo tion of religious education amongst the young met at the Church Office last night, under the presidency of the Hon. J. Warren, and after dtfionmion the rules previously drafted were adopted with some mndifi^y^ni,, The president of the Victorian Bimetallic League {Mr. T. A. Keating), writing under date of June SO to the turn, secretary of the &A.; lieague(Mr. G. Fowler Stewart) says:— "Oar meeting was an enormous success. The large hail of the Athenaeum was packed with nearly 2,600 people lonfc before £ o'clock, and the doors had to be closed and policemen sent far to keep back the orowd, many hundreds being unable to obtainadmission. Mr.Shiels'B address was most brilliant and was listened to with attentive interest for nearly two hours by one of the most representative audiences that have ever assembled in Melbourne, including judges, politicians, and many of the leading men in commerce, agriculture, and squatting. The advocacy of the archbishop, who followed Mr. Shuls, was strong, and X am sura will be most valuable." Another new political association has been formed in North Adelaide and is to be called "The South Australian Liberal Political Association." As the name i?"p<ira its objects will be to conserve the interests of the colony and to act on a liberal basis. At the inaugural meeting held recently a committee of seven was appointed to draw op a constitution to be presented to a future meeting of tile associa tion. A deputation i^rsi sting of (jnmm^ manu facturers, importers, contractors, engineers, and other employers interested in obtaining equitable and practicable conditions in Go vernment contracts will wait on the Conunia. aionorof Public Works this morning. Mr. F. W. Ooneybeer, M.P., left Adelaide by yesterday's express, having received a telegram from Bathurst, New South Wales, anounoxng tiiat his mother is dying. We have received from the General Depart ment of Immigration, Buenos Ayrea, a pam phlet on "The Breeding and Utilisation of Cattle in the Argentine Republic" It is one of a series of gratuitous publications containing useful information for imnugrant?, workmen, and capitalists, and it is issued in Spanish. French, English, Gorman, Danish, and Italian Appended to the book are articles on the national constitution, the Puhlio Eduoation Act, the law of Argentine citizenship, and the weights, measuree, and coinage in vogue throughout the ommtry. Messrs. E. S. Wigg & Son have sent us a copy of "If Christ Came to Chicago," by Mr. Stead, of the Seview of Beviacs. We have already published a long eoounut of the con tents of this book, which now that it is obtain able in Adelaide will have many readers, who will differ in their opinions as to the object and methods of the writer. Raapecting the work Mr. Stead says:—Newspapers impute to me all. manner, of rMwoj&y; intentions, and tken complain because I do no? Justify Aeir assertions. I nave never yet published any exposure of vice or crime for the sake of sensa tion, and I hope I never shall. "The Maiden Tribute" was published to pass an Aot of Par liament which Lords and Commons «~< two successive Adnrniimratrorm said ought to be passed, but could not be pawed. "The Maiden Tribute" passed that Act smid ataxy of pwwinnate denunciation, compared with which the plaintive lament of the Chicago papers over my vulgarity, dulness. blasphemy, and the like, is but as tile sighing of a summer breeze. My book, instead of being directed against Chicago, or being conceived in any spirit of nnkindness to tiiat great city, was an. honest attempt, made in concert with many of her foremost citizens, to help on her pro gress towards her destined pUos-aa the new capital of the New World. There wsaot one word in tiie book which was prompted by any other motive. It is an honest -<*nmrrii to Bet out what Christ would find in Chicago if He came to that city, and a einoere and practical ■> effort to imagine what He would think of it and what He would do. The flailing of lie steamer Inramincka for West Australia has been postponed ant 3 Saturday. w—• —««f Webave received iioopy of tie Prmee Alfred College Chronicle tat Jane and the June num ber of the AtLttraUan Vigneron and Fruit- l Qrowtrj Journal. The tender of Messrs. Howard Smith 4 Son for the eupply of ooal for three years from July 1 to die Wallaroo and Moonta Mining and Smelting Company has been accepted. asaa* 1* * —-*■-*= Wa* CoOegcJiocmusnomg, and rite aeoond edition «r^.V-^..Solomon's exeeltent guide to West Anntralia and its goJdfields. From London has come Dr. Barowdo'e pamphlet Night ami Das, which contains mnc&Jn; tormataon about tho doings of his ?*««?■ -tbropio institution. *■•—■ 