Reviews. " Handy Book of the Electoral Law of Sooth Australia," by A. M. Dowleans.— This useful and opportune work includes a systematic arrangement of the 24 Constitution and Electoral Acts, with forms, examples how to fill them up, list of electorates showing counties, hundreds, numbers of sections, voting places, situation of polling booths therein, and general index thereto, also schedule of British possessions and other information for candidates, returning-officers, electors, and all concerned in electoral matters. Tbe book, which has been brought up to date and has been revised by Mr W. A. Magarey, L.L.B., is complete, and supplies a long felt want. It has been printed and published by J. H. Sherring & Co., 42 Currie-street, Adelaide. Price, 3s ; posted, 3s 3d. " The Magic City."—This is a publication that is tobeisEued in weekly numbers, each containing from 16 to 20 photographs and historical descriptions of the World's Fair, the Midway Plaisance and the large collection of worka of art and industry gathered there. There will be altogether in the work 300 or more photographs, the whole forming a book 11 by 13J inches in size, which will be as it were a permanent re-opening of the grand Columbian Exposition. The firBt number, which has been forwarded to us, is certainly a very attractive publication, the illustrations being printed in natural photographic colors which give the views a softness and marvellous beauty of finish. The letterpress is somewhat grandiloquent, the exhibition being for instance spoken of as having been " more than the realized vision of a dreamer, more dazzling than the airy castles of idea^sm, richer than the palaces of stimulated fancy, 8nd after bewildering the world with its matchless splendors for six months, dissolved like a mirage, leaving only its memory, golden and glorious, as an incitation to this and coming genera' tions." Tbe "charm, the witchery, and tbe magnificence of the Fair" is also referred to, but apart from this exaggerated language the first number of tbe series gives promise that the work, when com pleted, will be a valuable and interesting production. "The Pastoral Industry," by D. J Gordon.—This is a pamphlet divided into three parts, tbe first of which deals with the coDditioa of the pastoral industry, the second being an examination of the Act of 1893, and the third treate of the question of reform. The conclusions arrived at are that ruin and desolation seem to be the fate alike of tbe greater portion of our pastoral country, and the greater number of our pastoralists, it being stated that the eheep now in the colony number about a million less than ten years ago. In conclusion Mr Gordon says:—" 1. Our pastoral country in its natural state is a desert, and such of it as can be profitably used can only be BO used to tbe extent to which it is wisely developed. 2. Development on nearly all of our country means for sheep a minimum expenditure of say £25 a mile, and a maximum expenditure of say £50 a mile, the carrying capacity increasing accordingly. 3 Development to even the minimum extent will probably take or extend over a period of ten to fifteen years, during which little or no benefit comes to tbe lessee. 4. Development wiil result in increase of stock, improvement of country, the destruction and suppres' sion of vermin, no importation of stock required from elsewhere permanently cheaper meat, employment of labor during development, permanent employment of labor after dfiv* and increased revenue to the Crown from rental, from carriage of goods, of wool, from traffic on our railways, and from income tax, to say nothing of the thousand and one benefits in wbicb tbe revenue and the community generally will benefit from a prosperous industry. 5. Went of development has been and I*B one of the chief causes of the conditions which now surround us, and want of development has resulted chiefly from insufficiency in the length of and insecurity in Buch tenure as has been granted—want ot confidence in what the Legislature or Government of tbe day might do ; in short, from the justifiable feeling which the lessee has bad that what is sown will not be reaped by him." Several tabulated returns of eheep, prices, &,. ere given at the end of tbe pamphlet which contains much of interest to all connected with the pastoral industry. "Australian Methodist Conferences of 1894,]' by the Rev. W. F. James, price 3d. —This pamphlet contains much of interest to members of the Methodist Church. The last chapter deals with the question of Methodist union, which for eome time has been attracting considerable attention. Other Publications Received.—The proceedings of the General Assembly of March, 1894, in connection with the Presbyterian Church, Also two books, " The Breeding and Utilization of Cattle in tbe Argentine Republic" and " Tobacco in the Argentine Republic." The latter are volumes of a series containing nseful information for immigrants and capitalists, published gratis by the Government of the Argentine Republic in Sparish, French, English, German aud Danish. Many inducements are offered to immigrants by the Government of tbe Argentine. In addition we have received a copy of the April issue of the Westminister Jtevievo from Lady Cook coataining an interesting article by her ladyship entitled " A Short History of Marriage." The Woods and Forests Department has forwarded to UB the annual catalogue of trees for free distribution for the season 1894 5 with description of trees, suitable soils, and situation for each kind, directions for planting, &c.; THE AGB OF PREMIERS.—Mr Gladstone has beaten the age-record for Prime Minister of tbe century. Tbe second to him is Lord Palmerstan, who was itill Prime Minister when be died at the age of eighty-one. Next in order somes Lord Beaconsfield, who was Prime Minister at seventy-six. Then follow Lord Russell 74, Lord Aberdeen 71, Lord Grey 70, Lord Derby 69, Lord Melbourne 62, while Peel, Canning, and Lord Liverpool all ceased to be Prime Ministers at an age yonnger than Mr Gladstone's when be first became Prime Minister. Lord Rosebery, on the other band, is one of the youngeBt Prime Ministerb of the century. Lord Liverpool was only forty-two when he became Premier ; Peel was forty-six ; Lord Rosebery is nearly forty-seven. The other Prime Ministers of tbe oentary have been very much older men when tbey first formed Cabinets. Palmereton was 71, Aberdeen 68, Grey 66, Disraeli 64, Mr Gladstone 59, Canning 57, Melbourne 55, Ruesell 55, Derby 53. Lord Rosebery is, it will thus be seen, decidedly young, as the standard of these days goes, for a Prime Minister. Yet he is already nearly of tbe age at which Pitt died.—Australian WHAT THE ETE INDICATES.—The long, almond-shaped eye, with thick eyelids covering nearly half of the pupil, when taken in connection with the full brow, is indicative of genius, and is often found in artists, literary and scientific m^n. It is the eye of talent, or impressibility. The large, open, transparent eye, of whatever color, is indicative of elegance, of taste, of refinement, of wit and intelligence. Weakly-marked eyebrows indicate a feeble constitution and a tendency to melancholia. Deep-sunken eyes are solfigh, while eyes in which the whole iris shows indicate erraticism, if not lunacy. Round eyes are indicative of innocence; strongly-proturberant eyes of weakness of both miud and body. Eyes small and close together typify conning, while those far apart and open are indicative of frankness. Sharp angle turning down at the corners of the eye are seen in persons of acute judgment and penetration. Well-open, eteady eyes belong to the eincere ; wide, etaring eyes to the impertinent. A DBOP IN WOOL.—The Australasian Pastoralists' Review publishes a striking table showing the total production and average value of colonial wool from 1860 to 1892. The drop in the value of wool is huge and tragical. The average value of a bale in 1860 was £25 15s; in 1872 it reached its higheBt point of £26 10s ; in 1892 it has sunk to £121 The average price of wool, that is, baa shrunk in 20 years more than 50 per cent. The change in fashions of the laet few years has, curiously enough, increased the value of tbe coarser wools, but has enormously abridged tbe market for those fine wools which were the special product and glory of Australia. While, however, the. value of wool has shrank, its total production has enormously expanded. In 1860 Australasian sheep yielded 187,000 bales of wool ; in 1892 tbiB had increased almost tenfold, the total number of bales being 1,835,000. Cape wool within the same period rose from 79,000 to 291,000, much smaller rate of increase. The total value of colonial woole (Australian and Cape) during this period exceeds £559,000,000 sterling, a simply enormous contribution to the wealth of the world DEATH OF A SWAGSMAN —On Friday April 20, the dead body of a man was discovered a few miles from the Finnies Springs station by M. C. Miigge. It appeared as if the poor fellow had been temporarily insane. It has transpired that on the forenoon of Sunday, March 18th, he called at the Finniss Springs Station having two saddle horses and swag. His mind appeared to be un hinged, and he enquired the way to Hergott, to which place after receiving some small supplies, he was fully directed. It was noticed, however, that he set off in exactly the opposite direction. Having two saddle horses the people at the Finniss presumed that he had a mate whom he „,.„ „•„ tn . „„ . .. I t 0 P ,( * up presumably at the railway_line noi rar oir. cut as he was ] not noticed to have resumed his journey in the direction of H.9rgott the Manager of tbe Finniss Springs Station, Mr D. Robinson, rode down the line towards Bopeecbee the same afternoon, but could see nothing of him. Some time afterwards it was reported at the station that tbe man's saddles and other belongings were lying alongside the railway line, and his horses were running at some springB adjacent. It was then thought that he bad taken tbe train either up or down. For about three weeks the swags lay undisturbed, and the matter waB ultimately reported to the police at Qergott, with the result that M.C. Miigge was instructed to make enquiries. Having satisfied himself that no one answering to the description of the deceased bad taken the train be proceeded to search for the body, and found it some two miles from tbe line in a small creek very much decomposed, A small sum of money, some papers, and other trifles were found, wbicb, with the description of the deceased and his horses, may lead to hiB identification. . • r> . ANOTHER POLAR ExPKDiTioN.-Mr Walter Wellman, an American journalist, who has undertaken a task which has baffled many brave men during the laet four centuries —his object being to make a dash at tbe North Pole from Spilzbergen—left New York on March 14 for England, en route to Norway,"wherYh^nd w77ompanions I took nhln fnr ' h? A g He \- O T m a ' panted by three Americans-Professor Owen B. French, of the United States Survey ; Dr Thomas B Molrun, of Washington ; and Mr Charl- s C. Dodge, photograpber and artist. In Norway 10 more men join tbe party, hardy young Norwe^iane, specialists in various departments of science, while others have already had experience in Arctic work. In a stout sealing vessel the party of 14 expbett-d to leave Norway for Dane's Island, on the north-west coaBt of Spitzbergen, early this month (May). D-tne's Island is only a few miles south of the 80th degree of north latitude, and there a depot will be established with provisions sufficient to last tbe party for a year in case it should be necessary to winter. Mr Wellman hopes, however, to achieve the object of I his expedition in a single season and to I return to Norway in October. He will leave two men to guard the depSt and with the others will push north in aluminium boats of a new design and so light that each weighs only 400 lb. Runners are provided, by the addition of which the boats may be converted into I sledgeB should ice intervene. The ship will take the party north to tbe edge of the pack ice, wbicb Mr Wellman believes will be reached between May 10 and 15. Under the most favorable circumstances the journey over tbe ice may be made at the rate of 25 miles a day. Thus the Pole might be reached in 50 days, and some time in September or October next the world may be excited by a telegram from Norway tLat a smart American journalist has in something like four months accomplished a task wbiob has bafled humanity I for as many centuries. ' For tbe last 25 years Sir Charles Lilley, ex-Chief Justice of Queensland, has been an advocate of Woman's Suffrage. Jerome K. Jerome is a slow writer. As B journalist some years ago be found it impossible to make sufficient inoome, because of tbe small amount of " copy" he could produce. It is only wben be u in the right mood that he can work at 'a 1 story or a book. His nsatftime^br nsittg the pen i« at night, after a ramble through tbe itreeta, * 