G Ell MAD EXTRACTS. [Translated and condensed from the " Australischo Zeituni*,"! 0»v J. A. Makkekt.) The lirisbanu "Word Auatrnlische Zoi tuhjV" throws additional light on contem porary history, in giving interesting parti culars about tho origin of tlio late Franco German war. Count It. do Keratry, who, under the government of National Dv.feuce, occiipiad in 1870-71, in Franco, a high rank in tho Department of tho Exterior, has pub lished several articles showing that Napoleon III., declaring war against Prussia in 1870, was forced to it against his will and against his bebter judgment by tho then Govern ment, by tho Chambers, and influential Court intrigues. When on the 15th July, 1870, Council-President Emile Ollivier asked in th3 Chamber of Deputies, on tho strength of telegrams from tivo diplomatic agents, whoso names he was not allowed to mention. tho granting of an extraordinary crcdit jfov war preparations on account of an alleged offence against, Count Bulled etti, the French Am bassador .it Ems, a special commission wa3 appointed, and Count Keratry elected as ono of the members. The commission at once scfc to work, but, prior to sending a report, put soveral simple questions to the Government, for instance:—If King William offended tho French Ambassador, why tlo you not call Hie latter to state tho case personally? The Duke of Gramout observed that since 48 hours tho enemy was already concentrating his troops, and no moment should bo lost to mobilise the French army. The War Minister answered that France was ready with -100,000 men, and, bosides, had a start of 21 days over tho Prussians. In answer to the question whether France had any allies, the Duke of Gramont stated that -'''"WP'WTulvr. GO.OOO that tho South German States W.'if r,/}jrni move.a hand. The strength of tho German army, excluding tho south, was by Franco calculated at 320,000. War was declared the same evening against Prussia. The Emperor recoived tho announcement silently. Imme diately afterwards Bavaria, as tho first German State, resolved to fight side by side with Prussia. Tho French magazines were empty. France found not a single ally, and Beiiedetti declared afterwards publicly that at Ems thero had been noithor ?n offender nor an offended party. The Brisbane "Nord Austnlische rAa\ tung" writes:—Although the state of health of tho Russian Emperor is generally officially kept secret, it has transpired that he is suffer ing from a serious attack of influenza, pro ducing partial inflammation of tho lung?, considered dangerous. The bulletin issued gives the temperature of his body as 39.G degrees Celsius, indicating high fever. Amongst the Gorman public libraries, writes tho Brisbane "Nord Australiscke Zeitung," that of Miinehen, with 000,000 volumes and 40,000 manuscripts, is the most important. Then second cornea tho Royal Library, Berlin, with 800,0)0 vt lumen and 21,000 manuscripts. The dill'eronco between the two establishments is that, whilst thit of Berlin increases yearly by 28,5>'!0 volumes, Miiuchen increases only by 12,500. If Munchen wishes to keep the first rank, more money must be spent in now pur chases. Voyages in tho Southern Polar Sea have since September, 1892, t\> June, 1893. been accomplished by several whalers. Wm. S. Brucf, of tho Balaena, reports that his ship on Christmas live had exactly reached the spot visited by Captain Ross half a century ago. All land observed by the Balaena was covered with snow, surrounded by a few glaciers. The teniporaturo in December, January and February, (the southern summoi'), was on an average 0'G9 degrees C. Referring to tho German Lederu Forest, of the Faber family, known ns manufacturers of lead penoils in Bavaria, an expert writes to the "Tiiglicho Rundschau 'The wood is not a kind of cedar, like tho cedar of Lebanon, but a kind of juniper (juniperus Virgiuiaua), at homo in Atlantic North America. The damage dono by Seehundo (seals) to high sea fisheries is still considerable. Al though 900 wero either killed or caught in the Gorman Ocean in ono year, complaints come from the Bay of Danzic that these ravenous. anjnj(ajs1>uii.nder .the__vpry.eyes of with salmon. Rewards have already been oflered for the catching of seals, but tho result is problematical. The millionaire, George Gould, New York, has to his wife, in commemoration of her birthday, made a present of 2,000,000 dollars value, consisting of the marble palace in which they dwell, including furniture, plate, horses, carriages, etc. To make the transac tion legal Mrs. Gould has to pay one dollar. Dr. Frederic A. Cook will soon undertake an expedition to the South Pole. A supply of provisions for three years is considered nccessary. There are silver and golden weddings. A new one has been addod ranging between the-two, viz., the aluminium wedding, repre senting a married life of 37i years, at which tasteful gifts of tho new metal in various forms are presented to the hii'jrpy couple. Tho Brisbane "Nord Australtsche Zeitung'' writes:—According to'a report the following kinds of wheat are especially cultivnfcad- in South Australia:—Purple straw, Steinwedel, red straw, prolific, rattling jack, velvet, pearl, early para, and Leak's rust, proof. In the ho-pital at Schneldomiih), a 20 years' old patient suddenly woko up after having continually slept a fortnight. A deop sleep has again como over him, out of which it was up to lately impossiblo to arouse him. A strong soup is used to sustain his life. At Milan a duel wa3 recently fought be tween a beautiful songstress, a barono.'s, and her parlor-maid. Both wore wounded in the faco by sword*. Tho housemaid was formerly a member of a diri.inf»ui«hcd aris tocratic Turin family, jealousy being at the bottom of the quarrel. : The "Berlii>er Borsen. Courier" reports:— Tho Italian Count Evaristo di Petro has arrivod at Scyilla, Spain, to have his name enrolled at the local school of bull fighters. The young Count commenced studying for tho church, but has changed his mind. The Brisbane "Nord Australisehe Zei tung ".writes:—In order that the local trade should not suffer, the celebration of St. Patrick's Day was this year postponed from Saturday to tho following Monday. Madrid telegrams announce that in the provirico of' Seville, a socialistic division of property has already commenced. More than 300 workmen have taken possession of some Government grazing country; Mid com menced dividing it amongst themselves, fix ing- stunos as boundaries. The Adelaide " Australischo Zoitung," in a sub-leader, has ail interesting articlo on cultivation of Wnldplatfc Erbse (Latliyrus Silvestris Wagneri), with the latest expe riences up-to date,* which will appear in Saturday's Benijigo Advertiser of 7th April. . ; The, " Mfincliner Allgemeitio Zeihiug" gives a lively description of a practice form ing part of thnVicnna "Fascliing" (carnival), viz., the so- called'Ball dor Hcrn'cbafis dietier" (ball of servants of persons of rank), who, during. the evening till early morning, not only mimic their employers, representing princes and prinoosaes, ambassadors, finance ministers, counts and countesses, buvons and baronesses;bub'also introduce themselves for fun to each other as principals, although they only serve as valets, nmids of honor, game keepers, doorkeepers, cooks, etc. The sirvutts of simple noblemen are only ad-. mitted when they earn much money. The two volcanoes, Stro.llur and Geysir on Island, are, in, a Copenhagen pacer, offered by the proprietor for 3,000 Danish crowns. Abf JSsseg, • Slnvonia, Mrs. isaroira von Sc'iioRl,'born 1777, recently died at tho ago of 11G years. The old lady during tho last 10 j'orxrs livqd nearly exclusively 011 cofTee. TI10: services of Monsieur Louis Tabornat, 1 celebrated French cook, furmerly in the employ of the Doli'c of M.iuoliosior, .subse quently of- President Grevy, will be dis pensed with by Madame Carnot, Paris. Retrenchment; is given as tho causo. A collection of hot water buttles, left by Countess .Cluiveau-jffari.skiu, -bought by the French- author lloouenban at a hi<^li figure, will bo handed over by tho trustees to a Parisian museum.; Tho instruments warmed tbo feet of Mavy Qiieon of Scottf, Marion Delorme, Madamo do Pompadour, and other celebrities. A nt-gi'O aristocracy consisting of *100 members, all very rich, has been formed in W.r-hitiL'io!). Herri'1. Basedow, .I.P., in his intc-restin:; letters of travels continues a description of Edinburgh, beiu;.; now represented as a clean city. Tho house of the known .Scotch re former, John Knox, contemporary of Luther, was specially pointed out. Tho Leipzig llluatrirto ZoiHmg mentions tho prize of 300 Austrian crowns offoreq' by ..f i - im Austrian .Teetotal Society for 03say : Jiotv through the school the abuse of spii-it<it)U3 liquors which hns bocome iv bad habit, can be prevented. Tho Council of Netherlands India has decreed to ilei rn Carl von Balzberg, presi dent of- the Saline Administration in lsohl, a prizo for the boat pamphlet in solving the question how salt can best bo packed to pro teut it against tropic humidity. A general meeting of German gymnas tics will bo held at Breslau on the 20-h July. Tho largo number of 20,000 gymnastics of Germany, Austria and Switzer land havo promised to be present. Tho Imperial Governor in Gorman Eu'st Africa, Baron von Scheie, has issued in struction for a tax* on inheritances similar to the European fashion. Ilerr Gericke, City Councellor, in a recent lecture has stated that the landed property of the city of Berlin amounts to 303,118,01-1 marks and including tho inventory of the value of 154,920,738 marks, is totalling ■18S,038,77S marks. The bridges and streets, which tho city at nil expense of many million marks has built and respectively paved, are not included. The provisional Government of Hawaii in a proclamation published at Honolulu has expressed itself against immigration to the Sanclwioh Islands. Dr. Bumillor the companion of Major von Wissmann on his'African travels has arrived sick at Cairo. The Adelaide " Australische Zeitung" writes :—The Lyndon shoo-blacks are nearly exclusively quite younir boys, mostly orphans, earning their own livelihood. They form a brigado nearly 500 strong, being supplied with a homo, meals, and a uniform. Their yearly earnings are estimated at £13,000. Extended school teachings, amusements such as concerts, etc., help them en. The now Transatlantic steam lino of ITud the Australian-Canadian lino will succeed in landing the Australian mails within 25 days. Sir Thomas M'llwraith is endeavoring to raise abroad money for tho completion of the Gladstone-Bundaberg railway, Queensland. 