GENERAL NEWS The Bookmakers and the Totalizator. —The bookmaker* are. nob going to calmly enbmitto have_tbeir occupation taken amy from them by the Government enforcing dense 2 of the Totalizator Aot. They intend to try and get tbe clause repealed. On Thurs day evening a number of them, ineroduoed by Mr. 0. Bastard, waited upon the Hons. D. M. Charleston, M.L.O., and W. A. Robin eon, M.L.O., and Messrs, J*.'A. MoPhereon, J. P., and F. tf.Hourigan, M. P., and broaohed the snbjeot to them. The metallioiane pointed oat that the totalizator was numbered among the objeotionable monopolies, and monopolies should not exiBfe. Owing to the enforcement of tie clause only wealthy people oouldbet, for those who wished to back their fanoies bed first to pay an entranoe fee to the Totalizator Stand, and then " part up" either 10a. or £1, that being the lowest amount whioh could be put into the machine. Tbey con sidered that the publio Bhould be protected from welsbera, and were oontent that some protection should be afforded to tbe , bsokers, ao that they would not be the victims of unscrupulous men. The Labour members said they were opposed to monopolies, and ae tbe totalizator was one tbey would be willing to amend the olauee. Mr. MoPhereon eaid he would not pledge him self to move in the matter, but if any proposal were made in the House he would consider the matter favourably. The members of the Labour party would consult among themselves and see what they oould do. An Aubtbalian Scientist. — Among the Victorian representatives at the General Con ferenoB of the Wesleyan Methodist Ohuroh in Adelaide ia the Rev. Lorimer Fison, M. A., who has been invited by the British Association for the Advancement of Scienoe to attend the Congress of that Assooiation at Oxford in August next. Mr. FiBon, who haB decided to attend the Congress, was President of the Anthropology Seotion of the Australasian Assooiation for the Advancement of Soienoe held at Hobart some years ago. Sanitary State of Lisbon.—Tbe Consul for Portugal (Mr. T. Jacques Martin) has forwarded us a copy of a telegram reoeived from the Minister of Foreign Affaire at Lisbon with referenoe to,the sanitary state of that port. Tbe message, whioh ie dated May 7, ie ae follows :—" It has been definitely proved by euooessful and complete bacterio logical experiments, the results of which were this day brought under the knowledge of the Government in the most positive manner, that the sickness prevailing in Lisbon ie not oholera, nor has it the same effects, but iB simply caused by a vegetable matter found in the water, and in ooneeqnenoe the Govern ment absolutely holds Lisbon and all Portu guese ports free and olear, and gives free pratique in all other Portuguese ports." Gbobnding of a Ketoh:.—The following telegram was received by the Marine Board on Friday morning:—" Ketch Maid of Aus tralia, with firewood, grounded last night on Reeves Spit, Shoal Bay. Will have to be un loaded before attempt to get her off. Remains hard and fast this evening.—R. McCluiie, Harbourmaster, Kingsoete." Riveb Levels.—The following shows the state of the rivere above summer level at the undermentioned plaoes at 9 a.m. on Fri day,. May 11:—Albury, 2 ft. 6 in.; Wahgun yah, 4 ft. 3 in.; Eohuoa, 7 ft. 9 in.; Swan Hill, 6 ft.; Euston, 14 ft. 6 in.; Overland Corner, 7 ft. 9 in.; Morgan, 9 ft. 11 in.; Ren mark, 8 ft. 2} in.; Gundagai, 7 ft.; Wagga Wagga, 6 ft. 9 in.; Hay, 19 ft. 9 in.; Balranald, 15 ft. 4 in.; Tilpa, 37 ft.; Wiloannia, 31 ft. llj in., rising; Menindie, 22ft. 5 in.; Foonoarie, 21 ft. G in.; Wantworth, 11 ft. 11 j in.; Goodoga, 7 ft. ; Mungundi, 5 ft. 0 in.; Mogil, 6 ft. 8 in.; Namoi, 21 ft. S in.; Bar won, 30ft. 11 in.; Brewarrina,30ft. llin., falling; Bourke, 32 ft. 7 in.; Lonbh, 37 ft. 7 in., falling. Law Coubts at Variance,—There is a very pretty quarrel going on (says an ex change) between the English and the Soottish Courts, whioh has engaged the attention of Parliament twioe, and which may, therefore, be worth explaining. Before 1875 the English Courts either had no jurisdiotion at all in Scotland, or had only suoh jurisdiction as was unobjectionable, and as was similar to the jurisdiotion which the Soottish Courts bad in England. But in 1875, in the Judicature Aots, Parliament empowered the English J udges to draw up their own rules of procedure, and Sootsmen, not being represented among the English Judges, lost the power of proventing the English Courts from enoroaching upon the rights and privileges of the CourtBof their own country. The result was that from 1875 to 1883 hundreds of Soottish men of business bad to defend notions against them in the English Courts (the very language of which was un known to them), or, by refusing to appear, to let judgment go against them by default. Then in 1883 matters came to a orisis. The English Judges prooeeded to administer in Chancery a Soottish trust estate of £500,000 (the Orr-Ewing estate), held by trus tees in Sootland. Upon that they were naturally taken to task, and having, so to speak, no leg to stand upon; they surrendered their point, and undertook nob to interfere in Soottish affairs again without considering whether no "oonaurrent remedy" existed in that ooantry itself. From 1883 until Decem ber of laBt year they, at least in a manner, adhered to their promise; bub last month they drew up rales whioh completely ignored it. Hence the Parliamentary interference. A Great Forging Pbess.—After the annual meeting of the shareholders of Messrs. Viokers, Sens, & Company, River Don Works, Sheffield, on Maroh 22 (says the Mining Journal), the shareholders were invited to see the working of the great forging press, whioh is 8,000 tone. An ingot, weighing G6 tons, was taken from the fnrnaoe and oonveyed to the press, under which it was swiftly and silently squeezed to the required proportions. It will ultimately form one of the plates for the Russian warship Three Saints, and when finished will be 18 in. thick. The share holders also witnessed the rolling of plate for a Danish battleship. The great jnaobinery and accessory appliances, whioh have been specialty constructed for the pro duction of all steel armour, worked with won derful ease and absenae of noise. At one time the rolling of an armour plate, or its manipula tion onder the hammer, required a small army of shouting attendants. Now, with the bydraulio forge and skilful oontrivanoestoturn thehugemaeaes of redhot metal, very few bands are needed, and the biggest ingots are mani pulated with the utmost ease and an entire abtenoe of fuss, Businesslike Philanthrope.—There era many forms of philanthropy, and it is always obeering to meet with one which combines pure generosity with businesslike procedure (says the Age), The publio may be ealelyleft to judge if the Minister of Lands lightly ap preciated at its true value a philanthropic offer recently made to him by a well-to-do landowner, who possesses tome 640 acres of 'land in the vioinity of ■ Claris brook, half of whioh land is so heavily timbered tnatit must beoleared before it oan be cultivated.- The owner intimated to Mr. Mclntyre that, as the timber would be valuable for the mines in the dietriot, he was prepared to allow a large party of men to out down the trees, gfub the stumps, and sell the timber without any oharge. " Don't you think," remarked the Minister, " that your offer means that you want your land oleared and grubbed for nothing?" "Not at all," replied the practical philanthropist. "You may call it by that name if you like, but I don't propose to oharge for the timber removed. In some places as much as 4s. -a ton is charged for timber." "I tin perfectly aware of that," observed Mr. Molntyre, "but then the oiroumstanoeB ace altogether different. There is plenty of timber close to your land that oan be out under ordinary Grown lioences. You will not have many »p plloationB on the terms offered, but if you will add to your proposal that you will give men 4s. or 5s. a day for cutting the trees.and grubbing the stumps, there would be a rush ' of applicants." The Minister's visitor did not seem to see the matter in -the same light and leit, surprised that his offer was not better appreciated. Self-help Emigration Society.—Wehavh received the report (or 1893 of the Self- help EinigrationSppioty, an organisation in London, which assists to the oolonies as emigrants personB oarefully seleoted who are caloulated to make good settlers. The report states that a larger number of persons than usual have em grated under its auspioes, and nearly all have justified the good 'opinion formed of them by the Committee. The expenditure has exceeded the income by £192 7s. 4d. .The report, which is in pamphlet form, oovets forty- eight pages, and gives interesting details of voyages and experiences, some oontained in letters from the emigrants themselves. During the year 302 men, 01 women, and 87 ohildren emigrated, making a total of 480. Of these 295 were from London—many of them oountry-bred and accustomed to agricultural work—and the rest oame from the country diB triots. Canada absorbed 441: Australasia, 16; South Afrioa, 15; and the United States, 8\. Sinos its formation in 1881 the Society has assisted 4,551 emigrants. England and South Africa.—'The Star (South African ttepublio) writes on March 10: —" In the speeoh whioh he made on Tuesday at Newlatids Sir Henry Looh appears to have foreshadowed biB early retirement from the office of High Commissioner. As a fact it is ourrently reported in London that his euo oessor—apublic man of real eminence—hasbeen already determined upon, and that the change will take plaoe before the -end of tho year. Although Sir Henry Loob's personal exploits have been greatly overshadowed by those of his powerful Prime Mimstei he will be able to say that goad work has been accomplished in hie time; and as for the things whiob have to be deplored, they are none, except those whioh have been done in his despite. The new man, it is understood. will ba appointed witu a view to the probabi lity of South Africa having a troublous time before it during the next five years, and to the neoesBity of there being . a strong and capable man at the Imperial helm. The determination of Mr. Rhodes, the maladroitness of Sir Henry Iiooh, the open hostility of Mr. Kruger, and' the ab solute certainty that the present state of affairs will not be much longer endured at the Rand, seem together to have had the effect of making them downright uneasy in circles* where the utmost oomplaoenoy has hitherto prevailed." Kino Theedaw's Jewels.—The following statement respeoting hidden treasure in Burmah comes from an official source:—For some months past the authorities at the India Offioe have been engaged in investigating an extraordinary story as to hidden treasure in India. It seems that some time ago a private in the 2nd Battalion of the Royal West Surrey Regiment died at WandBworth. On his deathbed he stated that he took part in the war with Burmah in the autumn of 1885, and was among the troopB whioh surrounded King Thee baw'e palaoe at Mandalay. According to his oonfesaion he and another private entered the palaoe during the night, and after eeveral exoiting adventures discovered quite by oooident the King's orown and re galia. Tnese they at onoe took possession of, and promptly conveyed them out of the palaoe, Tbe jewels, it u stated, were worth an immense sum. Their massive - gold settings made them heavy and oumberaome, and the two soldiers being afraid of deteotion buried them just outside the palaoe grounds, fjhortly after wards a sentry-box was placed upon the very site, and, aooording to the statement made by the dying soldier, the jewels are still there. The gentleman who reoeived this confession at once sought ont the other soldier oonoerned in the affair, a man named William White, living at Southamp ton on a pension. When first questioned on the eubjeot be appeared to be greatly frightened, but upon beiDg told tbat no harm would befall bim he admitted tbat the story told by bis dead oomrade was oorreot. The Seoretary of Stats for India was then oommunioated with, and eventually a report of the matter was sent to the Chief Com missioner of Burmah. After some delay the latter wrote to say that White would not be punished for any part he had taken in bury ing the treasure, and recommending that he be sent out at onoe to find it. Afterwards the Karl of Kimberley through bis Seoretary wrote stating that the Government of India were prepared to give White 10 per oent. on any property he might disoover up to the value of 100,000 rupees, ahd 5 per cent, on the remainder if any should be found in excess of that value. The authorities also offered to pay bis passage to India, and pro vide him with an outfit. Kx- Private White is now on his way to India, and is confident of his ability to find the buried treasure. It is remembered now that the jewels found in the palaoe were not so numerous or valuable as was expected, but it was thought at the time.that many had been taken away by the women who were allowed to leave. Imitative Aet.—There is on view at Marshall's a remarkably clever copy of that grimly fasoinatiug painful picture of Tsoba ganay's, " Under' Fire," whioh has attraoted so muoh attention and comment in our Na tional Gallery, representing, as it does, a splendidly powerful mottled-grey horse straining vainly at hie halter in a stable, upon one oorner of whiob -fire, of whioh horses have suoh a delirious dread, is oreep ing. The fair, copyist — Mrs. Lermitte — has made a careful study' of the whole soeue, both as to the anatomy and attitude of the affrighted animal and the general oolounhg, in whioh the lnrid light of tbe approaching fire bears so strong a part. Hasty Legislation.—If any one sample of i effioial literature should be word and letter perfect it is eurely an Aot of Parliament, considering the important ieeuea whioh may hang on the turn of a eentenoe or the ■ definition of a word. Mietakea nevertbe leai do occur; and it ia eoaroeiy surprising, oonaidering the headlong paoe at whioh South Auttralian la we are made at theoloaeof the gear, .when members are anxious to get ome to the Ohrietmaa dinner. Nearly every session the misprints of' the previous one have, to be reotified. This probably would not be -the oaee if olerke ana printers had sufficient time to revise letterpress before sub mitting Aotsfor Hie Exoellenoy'eeign manual. -Take, for idbtanoe, the Pastoral Lands Aot, whioh was passed after being squeezed by various Committees and Conferences at the end of last session. This it an important measure, upon whioh regu lations had to be based, and whioh in volves extensive interests. Here, as we said at the time would probably be the oaBe, errors are found. They may be olerioal errors—they may be attributed to the typesetter — but there they stand, and to interpret more than one clause atriotly aooording to its letter would puzzle even the proverbial Philadelphian lawyer. It will suffioe to men tion two blunders. One is in eeotion 61, whioh at its close alludes to sub-aeotion 1 of section 72. Turning toseotion 72, we find it .oonsists of one short eentenoe without any sub- section, Tbe eeotion alluded to in 64 is .palpably 74. A somewhat Bimilar error ooours sn eeotion 83, whioh refers to eeotion 35 instead of 36. The Pastoral Bill was one of themeasureB most hurried during the last two or three days of the session, and thst aooounts for much. \- A Handy Electoral Guide.—The con solidation of the constitutional and electoral laws is almost as neoessary aa the amendment of those Statutes. The Aots regulating Par liamentary elections are particularly confus ing. They are puzzling even to the Return ing Offioers, whose interpretations of some of their provisions differ materially; and ao mUoh investigation is required inconneotion with them that they are praotioally beyond the 'comprehension of the average possessor of the franchise. A manfial of electoral praotioe has long been needed, and tbe want is now well supplied by the appearance of a volume pre Sared by Mr. A. M. Dowleans, and revised y Mr. W. A. Magarey, LL.B., though the task of revision, as Mr. Magarey magnani mously explains, has been merely nominal. The title of the publication indioatei its loops. It iB entitled " A Handy Bock of the Electoral Law of South Australia, being a Systematic arrangement of the twenty-four Constitution and Electoral Aots, with forms, .. examples how to fill them up, list of electo rates showing oountiee, hundreds, numbers of sections, voting places, situation of polling booths therein, and general index thereto, also sehedule of British possessions, and other information for oandidatea, Returning Officers, and all oonoerned in electoral matters." The 135pagesoverwhichtheresulta of Mr. Dowleans's researches are distributed oontain many evidenoes that the book merits its comprehensive title. Vfe can pay it no higher oompliment than is involved in the statement that it fairly supplements some of Mr. E. G. Blaokmore'e invaluable workB upon Constitutional and Parliamentary praotioe, and we ought not to apply to i* any onaracterization less worthy. In olear descriptions and copious indioes and oross references the whole rightB, duties, and privileges of the eleotors are explained. The addition of the sohedule of British possessions is a feature of the volume which most oompilera would not have thought of inoluding, but the information will be very serviceable to persons who are in doubt whether or not naturaliza tion is requisite in order to entitle them to vote. Of equal use to voters in the oountry will be the directions enabling an oooupier of land adjaoent to electoral boundaries to readily ascertain what division can claim his residence. We have not made minute scrutiny nto the details of Mr. Dowleans's valuable book, but its'aocuracy has been established at every point at whioh we have tested it. Altogether the volume is so useful that it will probably be oonsidered almoBb indispensable by-and-by, especially by Returning Officers, election agents, and candidates. The addi tion of an electoral map is the only improve ment which we oan Buggest. Damaged Fecit.—A large quantity of fruit (says a travelling correspondent) is allowed to go to waste in many of the orohards in the South. Apples that are at all bruised or affected with the moth are either left to rot on the ground or used as food for the pigs. In my opinion quite two-thirds of those windfalls oould be used for preserving. Besides, there are poor families in every district who would gladly purchase at a low prioe for home con sumption. Sooth Australian Railways.—'The rail way revenue for the week ending May 5 was £16,50(1, as against £18,607 tor the corre sponding week of 1893, showing a decrease of £2,101. A Government Contract.— Half a dozen tenders were opeued on Tuesday for the manu facture of valves, &o.;, for the weir near Clarendon. That of Messrs. H. P. Hawks and Co., of Kapunda, was the lowest. Departoreof Mb. and Mrs. G. S. Fowler. —On Wednesday morning Mr. G. S. Fowler and Mrs. Fowler left Adelaide hy the 9.30 a.m. train to Largs to oarch the Viotoria, by which they journey to England. Mr. Fowler is taking the trip to reouperate his health. A crowd of people, consisting of ministe rial friends, prominent citizens, and a large number of ladies, assembled at the station to bid Mr. and Mrs. Fowler lion voyage. Many accompanied the voyagers to the steamer. Death of an Old Colonist. —The death ie announced of another old oolonist in the person of Mrs. Jane Sampson, relict of the late Mr. Riohard Schollar, who arrived in the colony by the ship Platina in 1839, and whose husband carried on business in the early days as a timber merohant and builder iu Hindley ■treeb, afterwards turning his attention to farming pursuitB in the dietriot of Yat&la;, . where ho died in 1859. . The Public Finances.—A trustworthy correspondent informs us that at a meeting of candidates for the East Torrens District on Wednesday night Mr. Rowland Rees said:— "lam authorized by Mr. Holder (the Trea surer) to say that he expeots to end the year with a deficit of abont £40,000," On enquiry of the Treasurer we are informed that he did not authorize the statement. On the contrary, Mr. Holder does not expeot to end the year with a defioit. Roman Catholic Charities.—The monthly meeting of the St. Vinoent de Paul's Orphan age and Gatholio Refuge Committees waB held on Wednesday evening in St. Franois Xavier'a Hall. The Orphanage receipts for the month were £65 16a., inoluding following donations: —Yongala Racing Club, £5; Onkaparinga Raoing Olub, £4; Messrs, Barker & Cham bers, £3; Mr. W. Diahley, £1. The expenses were £4614s. 9d. The receipts for theRefuge amounted to £52 6s. 2d. The expenses were £59 2s. 5d. There are 32 adnlts and 11 ohil dren in the Refngei. Fouhoboya LoNGfvX—Mj. M. Holtze, Dueotor of Botanio Garden, Adelaide, noti fied the Hon. Minister of Agrionlture and Eduoation lately that he oan anpply gratai tiouely lateral thousands of plants of this valuable fibre plant. Baron IT. von Mueller says this grows "amongst the high mountains of Guatemalai and Mexioo, particularly at an elevation of 10,000 ft. [It grows splendidly on the plains near Adelaide.] It is one of the most gigantio and magnificent of all liliaoeous or amaryllideous plants, the trunk attaining a height of 60 ft., and the hnge paniole of flowers 40 ft. more. It does not die after flowering." Owners of rough stony land, or sandy soils, or those who'have land whitih they desire to put to a praotical'use. should apply to Mr. Holtze for some of these noble plants, whioh are highly ornamental and very useful for fibre-making. An Anglican Dean on the Democracy.— In an address on "OhriBt and Demooraoy," de livered in a London Church a few weeks ago. the new Dean of Ely (the Rev. (1. W. StubbB, M. A.), spoke of the Saviour as the "greatest of social emancipators, the most potent of labour leaders." There was nofaot more re moved from controversy than this, he said, that Christianity arose ont of the common people, and was intended for their interest. Christianity was essentially the oreed of de mooraoy, a message of peace on earth and goodwill among men, beoause it taught that they should be just to each other, and not selfishly strive for their own material benefit at any cost of suffering to their brethren. Taking the teaohing of Chris tianity in its relation to the affairs of thie world as most important, the Dean formulates a new Churob oreed, in whioh the clauses bear the most explioit relation to a number of questions of pubiio polioy. The eighth decla ration reade, " We believe that society exists not for the sake of private property, but pri vateproperty forthe sake of society." The Shearers and the Pabtoralists.— Some time ago Mr. J. A. Cook, the Secretary of the Adelaide Branoh of the A.W.U., wrote to the Pastoraliete' Association protesting against the pastoraiiBts departing from the old agreement. He has received the following reply from the Seoretary of the Pastoraliete' Association of South Australia:—"May 9,— Mr. J. A. Cook, Secretary Adelaide Branoh A.S.I7. Dear Sir—I am instructed by my Council to acknowledge receipt of your letter of April 24. In reply my Council desires to state that the ahearing agreement was adopted by the Pastoraliete'Federal Counoil of Aus tralia after due consideration, and ray Council does not see reason for any departure from the form adopted.—Yours faithfully, N. W. Stirling, Seoretary." Northern Territory Pastoral Leases.— At the Land Office on Wednesday twenty- four lots of pastoral leasee in various portions of the Northern Territory were offered by auc tion at an upset rent of la., per mile, bub not a bid was reoeived. The land may now be taken up at any time at the upset prioe. Resignation op Sib J. O. Bray.—The Treasurer received ou Wednesday morning the following aablegram from Mr. T. F. Wiok steed, Chief Clerk in the Agent- General's Offioe:—" Sir John Bray resigns on expiration of leave of absence. He leaves on 25th May." Sir John Bray began hiBtwo months' aveof absence on April 2, eo that it will expire on the first of June, a week after his departure for Adelaide. The Government have reoeived no further information ae to the condition of his health. By the last mail Mr. Wicketeed for warded the medioal certificate, the effect of which was o&bled; at the time it wae given, and which at the earnest request of Lady Bray was not made publio, but on which the Govern ment acted. Mr. Wioksteed also states that at the time he wrote Sir John had been ailing for a month. Y.M.O.A. Winter Lectdbes.—The Rev. George Martin, of Sydney, who is well known in New South WaleB as an eminent scientist, and whose leotures under the auspioes of the Y.M.C. A. of Sydney are moBt populauhas consented to leoture in conneotiun with the Y.M.O.A. of Adelaide's winter course next Thursday. Oobtoms Receipts.—The Customs receipts are still diminishing in comparison with those of laBt year, and the deorease now amounts to £37.013 15s. 2d. From July 1, 1893, to May 5, 1894, only £438,160 18s. 4-4. was collected as compared with £475,180 13s. Cd. for the cor responding period of last financial year. Something Lire a Rainfall. — Messrs. Gollin & Co. have reoeived advices from a sugar plantation at Ripple Creek, Herbert River, under date March 21 last, etating that the rainfall Bince January 1 bad been 132 inobee 68 pointe. That quantity represents the fall for three months only—nearly eeven times Adelaide's annual rainfall. Illness of. Mr. L. Cohen.—Mr. L. Cohen's many friends and supporters of his candidature for the representation of the Southern Pis tricfc in the Legislative Council will learn with regret that he is suffering from a severe attack of bronohitis, the result probably of the recent oold and damp weather, following on the long and exhausting campaign in which he has been engaged. Mr. Cohen's medioal attendant prohibited him from speaking in publio for a week at least, and he has returned to Adelaide. Mr. J. M. Wendt's Establishment.— There are on view in the window of Mr. J. M. Wenilt'e estauliehraent, Bundle-street, several oups and presentations, etrikingexamplesof the gold and silversmith's art. The Adelaide Gold Cup, 1894, whioh was won by Port Admiral, and a -description of which has appeared in the Obierver, iea magnifioent piece of work. The Waterloo Cup, 1894, presented by Mr. R. Barr Smith to the South Australian Couraiug^piub, and whiob will bs run for to-day, is a beautiful trophy. Iocluding the 1 pedestal the oup stands about 20 in. high. It I is plain, of dull silver, relieved with plain polished bars, and very graceful. The handle is of polished silver, with just sufficient ornamentation to set off the whole. The lip, which is gilt, iB beautifully designed, and the whole oup is sis handsome as any the establish ment has turned out. The Waterloo Cup of 1893, presented by Mr. John Crosier, and won by Mr. Pesrce, is also in the window. Another feature of the exhibition iB the tea and coffee service whiob, together with an address, was presented to Mr. G. W. Goyder by the officers of the Survey Department. It consists of four pieceB, which are of dull silver, beautifully engraved with fern leaves; while on one side there ib Mr. Goyder'e mono gram, and on the reverse his oreet. The sugar and milk receptacles are riohly gilt inside, while each artiole is finished off with a plain polished nob on the top of the lid. There are also on view the model of the Block 10 Mine which was presented by the Company to Mr. John Warren, .the Manager, as areoognitionof hiBBervioesdnring the big strike; and a claret jug and tray, presented to Mr. Lane, the late Manager of Block 14, the former by the employes and the latter by bis Broken Hill friends on his retire ment from the mine. With tbe exoeption of tbe Adelaide Oup, wbioh is 18-cswat gold, all the other articles are sterling silver. The exhibition, wbiob is a oredit to the establish ment, is well worthy of inspection. The Broken Hill Proprietary Dihectobs. —A telegram has been reoeived from Mr. F. M. Dickenson, Secretary of the Broken Hill Pro prietary Company, stating that the Direotors of the" Company have returned to Melbourne fromtheir visit to the mine and Port Pirn; that' they found everything in a satisfactory condi tion; and that nodiffioulty will be experienoed at present in maintaining the weekly output. Mb. Charles Bonnet. — Mr. Charles Bonney,' formerly of Adelaide, has been .in feeble health during the last two or three years.' He is now seriously ill at his residenoe, at Woollahra, near Sydney. Mr. Bonney, who iB of very advanced age, was a member of the first Ministry in South Australia under responsible government, being Commissioner of Crown Lands and Immigration from Ooto ber 24, 1856, to August 21, 1857, during the existence of the FinniBs Administration. He was then a member of the House of Assembly for Easb Torrens. Resigning his seat in January 26,1858, Mr. Bonney remained out of Parliament until March, 1865, when he was eleoted to the Legislative Counoil. In the following year be resigned his plaoe in the Upper House. Mr. Bonney has been a resident of Sydney for many years, and he is now" the only pioneer who receives a pay ment under the Constitution Aot of 1855-6. The late Hon. B. T. Finniss drew £425 per annum, and Mr. Bonney draws £250. I Northern Tebhitobt Official Business. —When the oontrol of the Northern Territory was token'over from the Minister of Eduoation by the Treasurer the secretarial duties were entrusted to Mr. T. N. Stephens. Under Troaiurer. At the Barae time Mr. Frauois E. Bends, chief olerk in the Eduoation Depart ment, who had the details concerning the Northern Territory in hand, was transferred to the Treasury. One result of the recent rear rangement of offioes in the Treasury-is that Mr. Beuda will in future perform the duties of Seoretary to the Minister for the Territory. Mr. Benda has been twenty-two years in the Bublio service. He began in the Telegraph lepartmenb, where be remained six years, being promoted to the position of Assistant Stationmaster under the late Mr. E Squire at Gawler. In 1878 be wqs appointed to tbe office of tbe Minister of Eduoation, where he rose to tbe cbief clerkship, which office he held when be was transferred to the Treasury. Mr. Benda is an enthusiast in Northern Territory affaire, of which he has extensive knowledge. Animals for the Melbourne Zoo.—The A.U.S.N. Company's steamer Glanworth, which sailed from Port Adelaide on Saturday,' has on board two auodados for tbe Melbourne Zoologioal Gardens. The animate were taken from die Adelaide Zoo. Railway ileceipts. —From July 1, 1892, to April 30, 1893, the railway receipts amounted to £860,519 2s. 5d. During tbe corresponding period of the present finanoial year obey totalled £863,949 2s. 6d., or a gain of £3,430 Os. Id. An Artistic Address.—The illuminated testimonial form of acknowledging tbe services of worthy oolonistB iB emerging from the chrysalis form and assuming a higher artistio type. We lately notioed an almost unique work of art in tliiB line, which was valued at over £50, and now we have to note another, not so costly, but of almost equal artiBtio merit even if less laboriously treated. It ie an address of the landsoape pictorial combina tion order for presentation to Mr. Thomas Mapor, J. P., one of the old residents of Port Pine and a past Mayor of that important shipping town. It haB been painted to the order of a number of townspeople by Mr. B. H, Goode with the assistance of Messrs. James Ashton and tiooden at the Art Sobool, Norwood. The address ie rendered in early English on the right-hand side, and above, ' below, and to the left are exquisitely executed watercolour progress sketoheB of Port Pirie. One of these is a large view of the town in 187G; another a sketch of it in 1889 and 1890 ; the harbour in 1891; and Ellen-street in its early stage and late up-to-date development. There are also three medallions and a hand some border. The whole makes a large-sized work of art handsomely framed. The young artist is a son of Mr. B. P. Goode, an early settler id Port Pirie. ^ Eastern Extension Telegraph Company. —The Singapore Hongkong duplicate cable via Labuan (Borneo) was successfully laid on May 5. This line places Singapore and China in direct communication through British terri tory, and is thus independent of the Oom pauy'e first line passing through a Frenoh possession at Saigon. Animals by the Darius.—The steamer Darius, wbioh arrived at Port Adelaide from India and eastern ports on Monday, had quite a small zoologioal oollection on board, and during the day the animals 'attracted considerable notice. First and foremoBt there was an orang-outang, whioh when Btanding erect measures 4 ft. 8 in. Then there was a black tiger, which waB very demonstrative, and resented the attentions bestowed upon him. The animal had apparently not finally passed through the teething stage, but the savage snarls whioh prooeeded from the dark ness of the oage made visitors withdraw to a respectful distance. A small cow from India proved much quieter, while numerous monkeyB were found to be playful even amidst their new surroundings. There were also aoouple of sloths and a number of eastern birds. Tub Arrest or William Kemp.—A private letter was received yesterday (says the Argus of May 5) by Detective MoManamny from Detective Ward, whoie in South Africa acting ob escort for the defaulting Seoretary of the Tender Board, William Kemp. When the Fieur de Maurioe reaohed Durban Bay Ward wbs awaiting it on the pier. Kemp was naturally muoh surprised at this official recep tion. Deteotive Ward describee him as look ing very haggard and thin, and he had lost no lesB than two and a half stone in weight on the voyage. He msde no objeotion to his arrest, and waived all rights tothe delay of fifteen days whioh may be claimed by a prisom-r held for extradition. He said he was anxious to get baok to Viotoria, md he considered even the necessary remand to Pietermaritzburg for the formal production of papers as irkBome. He had £40 in oash in his possession when arrested, and Deteotive Ward does not mention whether he explained what had beoomeof the rest of the£480 he'was known to have juBt prior to his flight. Ward will return this month, and it is regarded as likejy that he will leave Cape Colony in the s.s. Tainui, whioh sails for Hobart on the 11th inst. If so he will reaoh Hobart on or about the 30th inst. Boiler Explosions Act.—A return fur nished ' to the Board of Trade upon the working of the Boiler Explosion Aots, 1882 and 1890, shows that during 1893 prelimina'y enquiries and formal investigations were held in Bevehty-two obbsb of explosions, whereby twenty persons had been killed _ and thirty seven injured. Of the boilers whioh exploded eighteen were vertioal, twelve marine, twelve heating, thirteen-land, six locomotive, four kiers and drying cylinders, aix steam pipes and stop-valve oheet, and one economizer. The Orizaba's Mails.—The mails for the United Kingdom dispatched from Adelaide per K.MLS. Orizaba on April 4 arrived in London during the afternoon of May 5, _ Fire at Wabhina.—New* has been reoeived in Adelaide that the Warrina Hotel on Satur day was burnt to the ground. Warrina ie situated on the Great Northern Railway, and ie distant 633} miles from Adelaide. The building was one of galvanized iron and lined with weatherboard. It was a one-story house, and contained about a dozen rooms. Mr. O. Chappie, of Hergott, owned the place, whioh was in the occupation of his nephew, Mr. A. MoDonald. The hotel was insured in the Imperial Insurance Company for £1,000. The Rev. W. R. Fletcher.—The many friends of the Rev. W. R. Fletoher, MA., will learn with regret that the symptoms of hie illness continue to give rise to grave con cern in the minds of his medical attendant, Dr. Campbell, and Drs. Way and Hamilton, consultants. Till within a few days ago he was improving. On Tuesday morning it was deemed necessary to perform a further opera-. tion, whioh has been successfully done. It is hoped that this will relieve the severe consti tutional symptoms which had againmade their appearance. The Parliahentaei Trip to the Gawlkr Ranges.—The Commissioner of Crown Lands (Hon. P. P. Gillen), accompanied by Messrs. J. Moule and W. Blaoker, left at 8.10 on Wednesday^ for Port Augusta. There the trio will be joined by Messrs. R. W. Poster and Ai Povnton, and the small party will be taken in hand by the Port Augusta West Vigilance Committee and driven for nearly a week over paBtoral country, whioh is either, now being dealt with by the Pastoral Board or leases whioh will fall in next year. They in tend to head first north-west to Oakden Hills, then south to Yudnapinna, then weBt to Ooralbignie, and finally baok to Port AuguBta by way of Cariewurlie Head Station. The Commissioner expects to be away from Adelaide for eight days. A Bullet in the Head.—At a quarter to 6 o'clock on Sunday evening a report was re ceived at the Metropolitan Police Station to the effect that a man named William Slater, dealer, of Rundle-street east, near the earner of Union- street, had shot himself. Polloe constable Hill proceeded to the premises and found Slater with a bullet wound in the baok of the skull, caused bya shot from a small pin fire revolver. He removed the man to the Hospital, where the doctors after an exami nation indioated that- the injury was not par ticularly grave, hut that the man had narrowly escaped death. If the bullet had entered the skull a little lower the result would have been immediate death. The medical gentlemen were at the time undeoided regarding the preoise loeality of the bullet, but will this morning nndertake further examination. Slater, who is detained at the Hospital, says the shooting was aoeidentai; but William Pelix McCarthy, an elderly man who lived in the same plaoe as the injured man, contra diots thiB, and implies that it was a suicidal aot. Tub Looomotivb Goal Con rnA<rr.—Seven firms are anxious to have the locomotive ooal eontraot, which extends over three years— from Juiy I, 1894 to June 30,1897—and in volves the supply of about G2.000 tons of ooal annually. It is an important contract, which has twice successively been held by the Ade laide Steamship Company, The lowest aggre gate tenderers are MeaBrs. Huddart, Parker, aud Co., the well-known steamship owners, but until tbe various tenders are scheduled it will be iqspo-sible to say whioh of these ie lowest for supplying■ ooal to eaoh of the seven ports where it ie required. It may, however, be stated that the aggregate tender of Messrs. Huddart, Parker, & Go. is consi derably lower than the expiring contract prioe, but that, owing to the reduced price of ooal, was no more than was anticipated. In con nection with this important contract it may be of interest to reoall that towards the end of last session tbe Hon. R. S. Guthrie asked in the Legislative Council—" Is it the intention of the Government to insert a clause in tbe specifications of eontraot for local coal to be called for during reoess that only local labour be engaged in the transport of the ooal?" The Chief. Seoretary replied that the Govern ment could not see their way to impose such i condition, but other things being equal would , favour the employment of suoh labour." Vintage Spobts at Maolarkn Vale.— Messrs. Thomas Hardy & dons' annual vintage sports took place on Friday afternoon. May 4, and passed oil successfully. The fol lowing is the result of the various events on the programme:—Novel OaskRace.—Georg9 Dunstone, 1; 3. Dunstone, 2. Handicap Race, for boys under sixteen.—F. Waye, 1; O. Waite, 2\. One Hundred and Fifty Yards Raoe, for men over thirty.—A. Farenden, 1; J King, 2. Fifty Yards Egg and Spoon Race.—F. L<d diard, 1; G. Dunstone, 2. Football Kiok.~ B. Howie. Subscribers' Handicap. — W. Saunders, 1; F. Liddiard 2. Seventy-five Yards Handicap, for boys under twelve,—F. Price, 1; C. Waite, 2. Tug-of-War (Messrs. T. Hardy's Employes v. Outside Vineyards). —Messrs Hardy. Three- legged Race, for boys under eighteen.—Caffrey and Dunstone, 1 ; Waye and Hunt, 2. One Hundred and Fifty Yards Handicap Hurdles.—L. Towneend, 1j W. Saunders. 2. Sixty Yards Novel Cask Race, for hoys under sixteen.—F. Waye, 1; A. Hunt, 2. One Hundred Yards Consola tion Handicap.—F. Liddiard, 1; B. Howie, 2. Catohing the sheep, L. Towneend. A public tea waB given in the cellars at the conclusion of tbe sports, after whioh an adjournment was made to the publio hall, where danoing was indulged in by a large company until mid night During the dances Mrs. J. G. Kelly played pianoforte eolos with brilliant execu tion, and eongs were given by Messrs. James Hardy and McAloney. A Pathiotic Legislator.—Mr. A. M. Simpson on May 4. handed to the Oommen dant a further sum of £172 Gs. 3d., to be added to the £1,000 already given by him as a fund to encourage rifle- ehooting among the members of the S. A. Militia Forces. The - total eum of £1,172 Gs. 3d. is in the hands of the Hon. R. C. Baker and the Commandant as trustees. It represents the total amount of pay received by Mr. Simpson while serving the Central Distriot in tbe Legislative Council. Anglican Missioners.—About the end of the present month two eminent Anglioan clergymen are expected to arrive from Eng land for the purpose of oonducting a series of missions. These are the Rev. Canon Francis Edward Carter, M.A., and the Rev. Arthur William Robinson, M. Ar, and their mission is expected to extend over several months. The Senior Missioner, Canon Carter, was educated at Trinity College, Cambridge, and gained honours in the Classical Tripos on taking his degree. He iB also B. A. of London University. . He was-ordained Deaoon in 1878 and PrieBt in 1879. In 1884 he was ap pointed Canon MiBsioner of Truro Cathedral, whioh offioe he still holds. In 1888 he was ohosen as a Ssleot Preacher at Cambridge University. The Rev. A. W. Robinson also had a distinguished University oareer, being a Soholar of Jesus College, Cambridge, gaining the Carus University Greek Testament prize, and eeonring first-olass honours in the Tnoo logical Tripos in 1878. Sinoe 1388 he has been a member of the splendid staff of olergy at Allhallowa' Church, London, under Canon Mason. . Newspapbb Pioneebikg.—Some idea of tbe difficulties to be enoountered in establishing a newspaper in a new settlement far away from the bum ot tbe busy city may be obtained' from tbe following paragraph, wbiob appears in the first number of the Coolgardie Miner, published on April 14:—"II not an apology,' some explanation is necessary for tbe delay that hat ooourred in the produotion of the Miner, and the to ns rather incomplete style of its get-up, • We fesl sure of the indulgence, of tbe public when we state thatonly half the plant originally ordered has oome to hand, and that only was available last Tuesday morning. These furnished drawbacks sufficient to render the produotion of the paper with applianoes forthcoming wellnigh impossible, but tbe staff have worked night and day in Older to give an ' issue at this moment. It iB only too well known to people here the difficulties in the . way of reosiving consignments, and in this respeot we are not tbs duly sufferers. But other adverse ciroumstances have assailed us. Unable to secure proper premises, we are, pending the erection of an adequate building, whioh is delayed through the eame difficulty of obtaining con signments, at the present looated in an old bag shanty, tattered, torn, and weather beaten^ allowing full play for tbe elements' within itB ragged walls'. During tbe process of striking off- the papers a duststorm pre vailed, and for all the protection the'office' afforded we might as well have worked in the cpen, the dust and wind interfering with the paper, ink, and general work, rend>-ring a workmanlike produotion an impossibility. In reviewing the circumstances we feel sure that. tbe publio will view with indulgence tbe present crude production, and in asking their' forbearance we confidently promise them in the near future a produotion of which neither they non-we will have reason to be ashamed." It is only fair to add that, taking into con sideration tbe adverse oiroumBtanoeB in whioh it was brought out tbe little paper of four pages of five oolumns each is a very creditable produotion. Sbxagenabianb.—(Jeorge A. Sala has the following orumb of comfort for people who have lately been trembling in the balance of sixty:—"By-the-way, Sir B, W.Riobardson has arrived at the conclusion that it is a very bad practice for people nearing sixty years of age to retire from active work. I quite agree with the worthy doctor. It may be desirable aud advisable in some instances that the work to be done should not be executed at such high pressure; but many men at sixty, with theirripe experienoe, osn hold their own with every ad vantage against those who are their juniors by tweDty or even thirty years. A man is not worn out at sixty, provided be has taken care of himself, and not abused his constitution. Hard work of itself does not kill. Look at our Judges, look at our statesmen, and look at the mischief whioh has been done to our noble army through the oompulsory retirement of general officers at an %ge when they are at their very best as experienced soldiers." The Late Stubt-bthebt Tbagedt.—The terrible tragedy which occurred in 3turt etreet last Christmas morning will not soon be forgotten, but few will be prepared for the following "revised version" of the sad oocurrenoe which appears in tbe columns of the British North Borneo Herald for March :— "A man named Oxley has been tried, found guilty, and sentenced for sacrificing hie wife and family with a blunt axe in the baok blocks of South Australia, and it was shown in evi dence that this manufacturer of domestia holocausts was'and had been all his life,a stanch teetotaller, and a.model blue ribbon, pump handle, and water butt scion of the community. The oold tea and squash brigade are perpetually stating in hvsterioal accents, and with dishevelled bair, that whenever and wherever a crime of violence is oommitted it oan always infallibly be traced todrink. Wei], here is one that can't apparently, and I recom mend tbo consideration of the faot to these whiekyphobes of the Temperanoe Army. They might like to mark It with a stone in their calendars." Block 14 Smelters.—Good progress is being made with the oonstruotion of smelters at Fort Adelaide for Block 14 Silver-mining Company. A fair idea can now be obtained of the extent and position of the works. The stack, which iB at the eastern extremity, is about halfway up, and the contractors for the construction of the double fluo have about 100 ft. to oomplete. The framework of the building in which will be the feeding floor is being put up, while the surrounding parts are also bsing pushed on with. About seventy . men are being employed. Seizure of Cigars.—On Monday, as the OuBtoraB-houBe officers were rummaging the steamer Darius tbey came across three boxes of cigars which bad not been inoluded on the ship's reportB. The oaseB were seized, and bb Collector of Customs Mr. T. N. Stephens ordered them to be confiscated. The Beltana Mineral District.—By the Broken Hill express Tuesday morning Mr. H. H. Schlspp, who until reoentiy held the appointment of .^txllurgiet to the Broken Hill Proprietary Company, returned from a visit of inspection to Beltana. Mr. Sehlapp, who has taken up bis residence in Melbourne, was commissioned by a Syndicate there to visit Beltana about ten days since. On arrival be travelled about 140 miles east of the railway line to report on some gold country said to exist there. He is very favourably impressed with the oountry travelled through. It is for the greater part highly mineralized, and without saying anything^ of the property he wae commissioned to inspect, he speaks encourag ingly of the district traversed. As to the possibilities of its development, water is ob tainable by sinking, and good rains have reoentiy fallen. Mr. -Schlspp left by the afternoon's express for Melbourne. The Late Mr. Hansford.—We regret to announce the death of Mr. Frederick Ransford, J.P., at his residence, Cape Jervis, on Thurs day, May 2, at the age of 79 Mr. Ransford was a oabin passenger by the ship Fairfield in 1840, and took up the first surveyed land at Cape Jervis, where hs successfully oarried on sheepfarming. Throughout the district Mr. Ransford was grsatlvgsteemed asa highly hon ourablegentleman. Hehaslefttwodaughters— Mrs. C. Chambers and Mrs. McEaohern—and two grandohildren. Mrs. Ransford died eight months ago from heart disease, and a similar complaint proved fatal to her husband. Messrs. Pengelly & Kuabe oonveyed the body. to Morpbett ville, the lato - residence of the deceased, whenoe the cortegd left on Satur-' day for the Brighton Cemetery. The Rev. W. 9\. Moore offioiated. Labourers Waited.— Mr. F. Cornthwaite of Tibooburra, applied to the Bishop of Riverina for a resident clergyman to do duty in Tiboobmra, Mllparinka, Mount Browne, and the surrounding Btations. The applica tion (says the Slurt Recorder) waB backed np with an offer of board and lodging free for a reasonable time, but the Bishop says he is unable to supply a suitable man—in fact, he oould employ half a dozen suitable to the dis trict; and the Bishop adds—"So few suitable men will come from the old oountry; so few suitable men offer themselves from the colonieB." Sib J. O. Beat.—1 am eorry to hear ] (writes oat London . correspondent . on I April 8) that Sir John- Bray is worse, ] He is going to Malvern, and. hopes that; he will be baok - at the Agent-General's. offioe within two months, but hut friends ate not eo sanguine. In the meantime Mr. Wioksteed and Mr. Arnold, of the Bank of Adelaide^ are answerable for the oonduob of the offioe. The Title op " Honourable."—The Seore tary of State for the Colonies- has sent the following despatch to the Lieutenant Governor regarding the title of honourable:— "March 10,1891. Your Excellenoy—I have recently received from the Governor of New South Wales a despatoh, enclosing for my favourable consideration a oopy of a letter from the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, suggesting that the title of 4 honourable'might be retained by the President of the Conncil and the Speaker of the Assembly on quitting office after serving three years in that offioe. I conour in the suggestion, and sbajl therefore be prepared in future to submit for the approval of the Queeu the recommendation of the Governor of any oolony that the Presi dent, if neoessary, or the Speaker may on quitting offioe after three years' service retain the title of 4 honourable.' Ocb Destitute Poor.—Statisbios published by the Destitute Department give the average number of persons supported by the Govern ment during the sir mouths ended Maroh 31, 1891\. inclusive of cases relieved through the Auxiliary Boards, -but exclusive of ohildreu under the control of the State Children's Department. In October, 1S93, there were 316 persons supported indoors and 2,136 outside. For the other months the figures were:—November—indoor 336, outdoor 2,149; Deoember—indoor 333, outdoor. 2,208; Janu ary—indoor 335, outdoor 2,102; February— indoor 331, outdoor 2,117; March—indoor .310, outdoor 2,177. The largest number for any month was 2,611 in Deoember, and the lowest (2,437) in January. Every m on th more females than males were supported, tho average eaoh month being about 100 more of the gentler sex, Hbbqott _ and Birdsvxlle Mails.—The Postmaster-General informs us that the mail from Bixdsville which was due at Hergott last Saturday only arrived at noon on Thurs day, having been delayed by-very large floods. The ooach was left in the middle of the flood, 145 miles north-east of Cowarie. The risk is too great to struggle through the waters, and it will take twenty-one days' travelling to go round. Between Hergott and Cowarie the . mails will ran to time, but between Cowarie and BirdsviUe they wilt for a time be some what irregular. Shaw Savill "and Albion Compane, Limited. — Messns. Harrold Brothers, the Adelaide agents, have handed us the following copy of instructions to- commandera as regards . the route in the Southern Ooean:—" In order to Assimilate the route pursued in the Southern Ooean by all the steamers sailing under our flag, so as to provide the greatest chanoe of assistance in theeventof any steamer bocoming disabled, as well as to ensure the greatest oomfort and safety to passengers, it has been decided to lay down a track to whioh the passenger and oargo steamers alike ehall adhere, as far as wind and weather will permit. Commanders are, therefore, instructed to keep within half a degree of the following routee: —Outwards—On leaviDg Cape Town, or passing the Cape, all traoke are to oonverge at 40" E. 44° S., and tbenoe the reepeetive parallels of longitude are to be crossed as follows:—50th parallel, 44° 60'; 60th, 45° 25'; 70th, 45° 40'; 80th, 45° 65'; 90th, 48° SO'; 100th, 47°; 110th, 40° 45'; 120th, 4G° 20', from whioh point vessels will proceed to ultimate destination as may be tound most oonvenient. Homewards. — Vessels leaving New Zealand will converge on 1G5° W. 48° 30' S.,andthenoe the respective parallels are to be orossed as follows:—160th parallel, 49°; 160th, 49° 30'; 140tb, 60°; 130th, 50° 50'; 120th, 51° 3<l' ; 110th, 52° 10'; 100th, 52° 45'; DOth, 54° ; 80th, 55°, thenoe proceeding round the Horn as may be convenient." March Land Sales.—The following is the return of Grown lend sold daring March last. —Cash sales — Auction—Township lands, area la. 2r.. amountBbid, £1610s.; do. private oontraot, 20a., £40; total, 21a. 2r., £50 10s. In addition to the above the following amounts have been reoeived:—Completion of purohase of 5.5GGJ aores, under Act 14 of 1868-9, &o.;, £1,843 Is. 6d.; payment of portion of purohase-money, £8,876 9s, 8d.; interest on extension of purohase money, &o.;, £39516s. lid-: grand total payments on aooonnt of land during the month, £11,17118s. Id. Return of Grown land sold on lease during the same month—Pastoral leases, area m acres, 37,120, annual rent, £12 16s. 2d.; miscellaneous leases, 359|a., £6 5s. 6d. Leases surrendered for—ordinary lands—right of purohase leases, 17.C03a., £20912a.; do., perpetual leases,1,284a., £14 15s.; do., right of purohase leases sold, 65,631a., £314 Is. 7d.;do„ perpstual leases sold, 57 085a., £19810a. 7d. Working men's blook— Right of purchase, 558£a., £24 4a. Gd.; per petual, 80&,, £2 19s. Id.; total, 179,720&a.;, £783 4s. 5d. Australasian Webleyan General Con ference.—The first meeting of the session in connection with this Ocnferenoe was held at the Pirie-street Ghuroh on Thursday evening, when the Rev. W. Morley, of New Zealand, was elected President, and the Rev. H. T. Burgess was re-eleoted Secretary, The Botanic Garden.—With winter ap proaching rapidly there is not now snoh a wealth. of bloom at the Botanio Garden as there was a fortnight ago, when the gay ohry ganthemums were in full blossom. Mr. Efoltze, the Direotor, shows a fine lot of the popular Japanese flowers, some large blooms which are a tribute to the oare bestowed in cutting and budding and others in the open whioh have not had such close attention. , These latter are not the least attractive. Many were cut back in January to dwarf them, and g onped eb they are into sym metrical plots of various shapes they now present a brilliant appearanoe. For instance, oiroular plots several feet in diameter are one mass of rich vari coloured blossoms. Most of the zinnias are done, but some later ones Still make a tine show. The main avenue near theNorth-terraoe entrance is at present mnoh littered with boughs from numerous useless trees whioh are being cut down. Mr. Holtze's policy, begun some time ago, of thinning the trees and planting the ground with flowers found general favour, and he ia now prosecuting it with energy. Specimen trees of all sorts "are retained, but there are several large vhrubs and treeB whioh though not even ornamental absorb goodness from the soil and obscure a view of the surroun ding lawns and pluts of flowers. The Direotpr recently obtained from Luxembourg, Germany, a fine lot of new roses, and when these bloom " —there arenearly 209 of them—lovers of the most beautiful of flowers will no doubt have a treat. It is one of Mr. Holtze's aims to get a show of winter flowers when amateurs gardens are all forlorn and bare, and he expeots to have'a good lot out iu the winter. A New Idea re WashuigCoppkbs.—What is likely to prove an immense boon to bouse wives in their domestio eoonomy has just been patented by Messrs. A. Simpson & Son, in the shape of a "tilting" portable copper, wbiob is bound to beoome generally appreciated as a labour-saving invention. The" frame is the same as for the ordinary portable oopper, exoept that it is made a few inohes lower. About halfway down the oopper, and running right round the outside, is affixed a flanged rim, which, resting on top of the frame, keeps the oopper just at a convenient height for , tilting out its contents by meanB of the pro- ! jeotiug handle provided for this purpose. ] .Being seourely hinged at the part opposite ] to the handle-the oopper may be thrown for- i .ivard steadily into any required position and lowered again by the handle into the frame. For jam-making, in addition to washing pur poses, it is believed the new oopper will be largely used. The patentees are making them in all the usual sizes. Vital Statistics.—'The number of births thairoccurred in the oolony during the first three months of this year was 2,609, nil d of j deaths 1,048. In thocity the births were 279, and the deaths 194. The estimated popula tion of the oolony on Maroh 1 was 342,254. The Rev. J. (r. Weight's Jcbilee.—The ] Rev. J, G-. Wright' having oompleted his fiftieth year in the active work of the ministry, a number of friends gathered in the Parkaide Primitive Methodist Churoh on Wednesday evening to congratulate him on bis having entered on his jnbiloe year, and to listen - to Mr. Wright's review of his fifty years' labour in the cause of Obrist and humanity. Mr. James Peters, who presided over the gathering, said there were personal reasons for his being pleased to be present and j to preside over the meeting. He had known Mr. Wright for many years, and Mr. Wrjght was the agent God used in bringing him into , the Churoh. Mr. Wright had a reoord of whioh any man or Churoh might feel proud. He was not only one of the oldest ministers in South Australia, but oueof the most aotive and popular. His wsb a life of heroio service and Buooess. It was a pleasure to him to shake hands with Mr. Wright, and on his own behalf and that of the many friends present to oongratulate him on his having entered on hie jubilee year. The Revs. H. J. Pope, J. J. Salmon, W. Howohin, and R. J. Daddow also spoke expressing their admiration for and appreciation of the long and splendid service Mr. Wright had rendered to the Church of hie ohoioe, and the Christian Churoh generally in England and 1 in this oolony. The Rev. J, G. Wright thanked hiB friends for their hearty oou gratnlatiens and the kind things wbiob had been said. Mr. Wright's resumi of his fiftv years in the ministry waB interesting and valuable. "Through Mr. Wright's labour," writeaaoorrespondent,"hundredsofdraukards have been reolaimed, thousands have tried to live a better and purer life, and 3,000 have professed faith in OhriBt as a personal Saviour. Twenty Churches have been built, and £7,000 has been raised for Churoh erection and reduotion of Churoh debts." Coolqabdib Fields.—Mr. H. J. Lea, a prospector who was sent over to Coolgardie on behalf of an Adelaide Syndicate, has just returned with a large number of promising specimens from two olaims which he secured. He was on the field six months, and travelled all over it, going through White Feather and Siberia. He says the water diffioulty is very bad, and be warns men not to go there until rain falls again. All along the road he met men asking how far it was to the next water hole, and sometimes horses go for two and three days without water. Western Australia has a great future before it he believee, and the field is going to be a wonderful plaoe j when a good supply of water is obtainable j there. At present it ie a mistake to go there without oapital, for there are hundreds of men who would leave the plaoe if they had any money to enable them to do so. He eays he J has duoovered two very good reefs, the etone j from whioh averaged 20 oz. to the ton when | crushed. One of the olaims of his Syndioate, the Aurora, adjoins Mr. Wilson's Carnage property. In an adjoining property shafts have been put down along the line of reef to a depth of 40 feet, and good gold has been found all the way. Another Warning from the West.— Captain J. 0. Matthews, a well-known Mining Manager, has arrived in Adelaide en route to the eastern colonies. Mr. Matthews, who lately managed the Central Mine, Southern Cross, haB just concluded a tour of the eastern gold6elda in Western Australia, and he strongly warnsdiggersnot to ventureon to the fields. He states that condensers and diggers' tools are selling for less than half their value at Ooolgardie, where it requires £5 a week to keep a man in food and water. He has paid 15s. in Ooolgardie for a drink for two horses. There is very little prospeot, he thinks of per manent water being struck in any of the mines. He predicts a severe famine at Cool gardie and Southern Cross during the wet sea son, when travelling will be next to im possible. Coring Masonic Rulers.—The following gentlemen have been elected Masters of free masons' LodgeBCouncillor Frank John son, Leopold Lodge; Mr. J. F, Conigrave, Duke of Leinster Lodge ; Mr. A. Porter, Lodge of Harmony; Mr. R. W. Patfull, Mostyn Lodge; and Mr. M. C. Schedlich, Lodge of Troth. Comparative Customs Duties.—A oodifi oation of the Customs tariffs of the various colonies has been a long-felt want, and this is now supplied in a publioation which has reaohed us from the Government Printer. Thie shows in comparative form the Customs duties of the Australasian Colonies and Fiji in 1893 4, with deoisions as to the reading of the tariff. A Valuable Cabco.—The R.M.S. Vic toria, whioh arrived at the Semaphore rn route to London on Monday morning,'has a valuable nargoon board. In addition to £150,000 in gold ehipped by the Banks in Sydney, she has in the holds 290 tons of butter, 2.000 bales of wool, and 85 tons of frozen meat from the same place. Jabez Balfour's New Scheme.—A corre spondent of the Wetlmintter Gazette has had a talk with Jabez Balfour in his prison at Salts. He eaid :—"I am writing a book with a double object—I want to clear my own character, and 1 want to oall the attention of Englishmen to the unrivalled advantages whioh Salts offers to the English emigrant. 1 have already made good progress in arrange ments with some European publishers to bring it out in Europe, the United States, and the colonies. I am ordering 2,000,000 for Eng land, the same number for the oolonies, and 1,000,000 for the United States. No book that was ever published will have been such a success, I shall sell it at two guineas a oopy, and as it will only cost me half-a erown, pins another half-orown for book sellers' oommission, I shall make a profit of over £8,000,000 on the first edition. With this the 6rst thing I shall do will be to pay a composition of 20 per cent, to all who have been involved in loss by the failure of the Liberator group. Thie, I oaloulate, will absorb £1,300,000, and will be sufficient to bring about an entire change of sentiment with regard to me at home." 