BRITISH AND FOREIGN. * (Fbom Oub KxcuAsaKS.) * ' ' LoNuox, Fiib. S. In the II.iuec oE I-ordi-, in ciimmlltco on tho Parhh Councils Bill, Lord Salisbury pro jjo-ed uu uuieuauicn.H the effect of which was to dieiru-ehiso luboiem who have faili-d to |»y thuir rates until thu umounts were paid. The Uuiouiht- Liberal party refused to usscut to tbu prupusal, nud utter contulta tion Lord taliebury comcuted to withdraw thuBUiundmeut. Merlin,* the aliened leader ot the Italian Aumchifcts, bus been fouud guilty of the ch-tgu of inilinldatluu.iiud bcius the insti guior of the 'niurderous plots, and has been sentenced to tweuty years' impii»nment. ? Thu Cfcundlun Government has decided to ubaudou this grouliug oE bonuses to iniini grants, the natural inllus of immigrants being sufficiently large for the requirements of the Dominion. Widespread discontent prevail* amongst the London iluckcir, who nre btlng coin pcilcl to wosk overtime without pay. It Is reported that n gcm-ial stiikc will lake place. Fur the lnuiith of January the Britl»h imports bhowed uu incniiw -f -.-'.I^IO.OOO over t!iu sum: month of Inst year, nnd ih-j exports for the s-iuj period were -l^C.OOU in ad vance. A plebiscite of the province of Ontario, in the Dominion of Canada, hart been taken on the question of the prohibition of the sale of liito-icatlu;! liquors. The result of tho vot ing is in the proportion o£ 17 toll in favor of prohibition. [ I he province contains a pojm Imiimuf *.',lll,S-'l, and incl-des the capital of thu Douiiitiou— Ottawa— with a popula tion of 44,131] In the balaucc of the Indian Connnil bills —the oiisinnl oiler being for £ 10,000,000— has been allotted at 14 l-!!-M per rupee. !.A fortnight ugo iliu Bank of Enclnnd romlo no iiilotmeut, the highest tenderers having only offered 14 5-lGd or'UIWd more than the above allotted price.l A serious revolt has taken place at some iron works at Nijuitgal iu Russia. Five thousaud of the workmen, who were in arrears iu the initter of town taxation, re sibte:! their collection by the lux-gatherers. The military were called in to enforce the demands, and a conflict ensued, many civilians and military being killed. ?.!r. Robert Reid, Victoiisn Minister of 'Defence, who Is now in England, will on Monday receive n deputation of Colonists in London. The subject for conversation will be tho difficulties in tho wry of the distribution of colonial butter, and the EUg gufcliou of Boiue scheme for obtaining better prices. The Ficnch, who had seized tho village of Cavillc, have recognised the claim of the Liberians (West Africa) to tho territory in dispute, uud have now withdrawn from the locality. The National Liberal Federation is arrang ing to hold a. Broat meeting at Portsmouth shortly, for the purpose of dcalluR with the attitude of the Houfe of Lords in shelving reforms which constituted the platform udopted by the federation _t the Newcastle couference, held in October, 18'J2, especially in regard to the mutilating amendments umde by the House in the Parish Council and Employer*' Liability Rills South Australian wheat ex warehouse is firm ni _'.i;3 per IMlb. Victorian wheat Is quiet at 'JSj'.i per 4U61b. New Zealand wheat is restricted lit 28/1). Austialian superfine Hour i3 flat at 22/ij per 2801b ex store. Straits tin is weaker at £70/0/ cash, and at £71/3/ three months, showing a decline of 11/ii aud 10/ respectively. The visible supply of wheat for the United Kingdom is !*S*,'j:iO,CI-X) bu»hels. Danish butter was unchanged to-day. The R.M.S. Aorongi's butter and cheese from New Zealand have arrived in good con dition. The imports of colonial butter for the month of January were three thousand tons in ex crss of the came month of last year. The shipments of Continental decreased by eight hundred tons for the same period. Feb. a. The Hourc of Assembly of Nova Scotia, a province of the Dominion of Canada, has addressed a petition to Her Majesty the ijuuen, asking for power to abolish the Legislative Council. [The people of Nova Hcotia fleet a Legislative Council of 17 mem bers and a House of Assembly of 38 members. The province has 10 feats in the Dominion Senate nnd 21 in the Houec of Commons.] A Htute of Biegc cxifts at Santiago, the capital of Chili, and many followers of ex President Balmacuda have Ixscii arrested. Twenty-five of the rebel black soldiers who revolted have been hanged at the Cameroons, West Africa. Tho Gormnn Press demand the recall r.I the Governor. ' Mr. Gladstone, prior to leaving Biarritz, assured a French interviewer that ho had no idea of resigning his position in the Cabinet. He says he is determined to perxevere in ear ning his Democratic programme, despite the opposition of the Hoiim; of Lords. 