IRISH SURNAMES. (Spectator.) The publication of a Bine-book on sur names in Ireland comes wltb epeclal ap propriateness, 111 vlewof the recent reprint of Dr. Douglas Hyde'a eloquent paper on tbe necessity for de-Angllcisint; tbe Irish nation. As Dr. Hyde reminds us. many of tbe great NormBn and English noble not only lived like naiive chiefs, but tool; Irish names ; Da BourgoB becoming Mac Wllliams, MaoPhllplna, MacGibbons, &c..; and tbe Birmlngbams, Stauntons, Prnr dergasts, and tbe De Cnnrcys similarly B«»n'»-i'-w Hibernian patronymics. Bu; SB a t.fl*. tl In 1465. IriRhmen fnelde lk« Pale were ordered by law to take BoglisS namea, and many of tbe lesaer familii1 complied witb an ordinance tbe renews or which was advooated by Spenaer, tli poet, one hundred and thirty years later After Augbrina and tbe Boyne, the pro eeta went on rapidly, but according t' Dr. Hyde— In tbe eaaay on tbe revlv : or Irish literature, reviewed in tbe-. paces last week— It la tbe last sixty yesi^. tbat haa wrought tbe saddest havoc wit Milesian uamea ; Ibe strangest part of tb» business being that typloal Irishmen, like Carleton, the novelist, ahould bave brcB unable to realat the temptatlnn of Anglic ising tbelr patronymics. Dr. Hydeftn ovt ofseoreeof Connaught meu— O'MuIllRau O'Sbanahans, O'Honeens, O'Einsellagi and tbe like— wbo bare succumbed i tbla Insidious craze, Even Mr. Davi . has dropped the Mao which properi'' belongs to hla name; while 'the M c ISrnbagaluB ' luatead or belug all G» - bagans or Geoghegana, bave— some ' ' tbem — deformed their namea into ti1 - mooRlrosliy nf Gnggin. . . . Mat of tbe O'Haaaua nin now Fsgac ? and even Dickens's l'agln the J^wh ? not put a slop to the hideous transform ? tlon,' An O'Shaughneany went to Main land In the middle of Ibe last centui'. and alas I. all his twelve sons called tbet- - selves Cbaunceys. Not even tbe fame tbe illustrious Mr, Cbauncey Depe- wblob haa prompted a compatriot toe - tbat 'Cloero waa tbe Cbanncey Depe» of Rome.' can atone for thle sot oftrea aoD. 'In faot,' continues Dr. Hyi'' ' hundreds of thousand! of Irlahmen pi * fer to drop their honorable MlleBSaii Dames, and call tbomaelves Grogglos cv DUKKsn, or Higgles or Gutbry, or any other beastly name, tn preference to tbe ?arnsmea of warriors, aalnts, and poets ; and tbe melancholy part of it is, tbat not ods single word of warning or remon atrsnoe has been raised, aa fsr aa I am aware, against tbla ooloBsal cringing, either by tbe public press or public men.' Tbe Blue-book, prepared wltb grest ?kill and Industry by Mr. Robert Mstbe eon, tbe Assistant Registrar-General of Ireland, though It bears out to a consider able extent tbe strictures of Dr. Hyde, Is, at tbe aame time, not destitute of reassur ing features. For example, It Is a great oonBoUtlon to find tbat In tbe list of tbe hundred principal Irish surnames taken from tbe Births' Index of 1890, Murpby ?tends at tbe bead of tbe llsr, representing an estimated number of 02.800 persons bearing tbat name, or 18-8 per thousand of tbe population. Kelly and Bulllvan are seoond and third ; while tbe ' beastly' Baxon monstrosity, Bmltb, wbioh easily beads tbe list, botb In England and Boot land, only ooouples tbe fifth place lu Ire land. It Is only right to state that Murpby itself Is pronounced by tbe authorities to be an Anglicised form of M'Murroogh, tbe old royal family of Lelnater, but even In tbls corrupt form it Ie still redolent of tbe soil. And it Is pleasant to find in the first hundred sur names Buob essentially Milesian forms as Connor and M'Cartby, Gallagher and gbeehan, O'Donnell and Dufiy, Fianigan and Maber, Doberty and M'Dermott. In otber words, most of tbe commonest surnames in Ireland are peculiar to tbat country, and represent tbe names of Irish Clsns and Bepte. And tbe once hrntal but now penitent Baxon may at least take cam fort from tbe refleotlon tbat wbere these namee tave been sim plified or otherwise altered, tbe owners have been responsible for euob modifica tion. Perhaps tbe worst Instance or this 'monstrous transmograpbying,' as Dr. Hyde calls it, Is furnfBbed In Mr. Matbe eon's Interesting notes on tbe derivation of surnames. For there, under the bead ing of 'Surnames derived from Personal Names,' we read : — ' Maol is bIbo pre fixed to tbe names of Saints, signifying a bald or tonsured person wbo became tbe spiritual servant of eucb Saint, as Maol Dubban [Maoldun], tbe servant of Bt. Dubban. Anglicised,— Muldoon.'' And Muldoon, as we may remind our readers, Is now become a name stepped In Trans pontine and music-ball assoclatlona. The nsmea of English origin which fell under tbls category are interesting inasmuch as tbey include Roberts and Lawrence, of warlike fame ; and Jameson, Inseparably sssooiated witb Ireland's national bever age. Under a Home-rule Parliament, we may expect toeeetheillustrlouB'J.J.'com- pellsd to change bis came to 'Shawn Msc Sbamus.' The surnames derived from rank and occupation are also worth study, Inasmuch as the Englieb section Includes that of Sexton wbioh clamours for In- j stant de-Anglicisatlon. Tbe only diffi culty in tbe way ot euch a step ie tbe embarras de riehesses presented by tbe splendid list of tbe prinoipal ancient Cel tic families compiled by Mr. Matbeson, comprising about one hundred and forty in Mac and upwards of five hand red ta 0\. We cannot refrain. from quoting, In evidence of tbe magnificent sonority of these Lpatronymlci, the names of lilac Glollambolmoge, MacGulshenan, Mac Oiraghty, O'Dooyarma, O'Howley, O'Qulgley, O'Mulclohy, and O'MuI mogbery. Many of tbe names in this liet are extinct, but a large proportion are still in evidence, and what is more, In nearly levery case tbe families bearing tbem are to be found in tbe same local ities formerly inhabited by tbem, Dohertys in Donegal, Driscolls in Cork, Macdermotts In Connaugbt, Meaebers In Tipperary, and O'Sullivans In Cork and Kerry. It Is a notorious fact, Blready alluded to, tbat many of tbe families which bave come to be regarded SB typieally Irish are of alien extraction. Thus, tbe Piunketts are of Danish origin ; tbe Burkes, Dillons, Roobea, HusBeye, and all tbe tribe of Fltz, are AngloNor man; while the Mitchells are EngllBh. The Cornish names lo Ireland are few and far between, but evidenoe of an ex tensive Welsh immigration is forthcom ing In tbe}faot tbat at tbe present day tbe name Walsh— pronounoed Welsh— ie to be met with in nearly every county in Ireland. The curious settlement of Welsb colonists In tbe Raronies of Forth and Bargy, in County Wexford, who main tained their anolent manners, customs, and language for some four hundred years, no longer deserves tbe title of a 'peculiar people,' Riven to tbem by Mr. 8. C. Hall in 1841, tbe Forth dialect having practic ally died out, though many of the old family names— Codd, Binnott, Rosslter. and Walsh— are still very common in tbe neighbourhood. The Huguenots were granted letters of naturalisation in 1674, and founded coloolosln Dublin, Kilkenny, Portarllngton, Waterford, Cork and Lleburn. Many prominent and distin guished Irishmen bave borne, and still bear, Huguenot names, — amongst whom mention may be made of tbe La Toucbes, Trencbea, Le Fevres, Lefroys, and Lefanus, of tbe last of whom one may eay. in the best sense tbat they are Hibernis ipsis Bibemoires. Tbe locus claseicus for tbe Huguenots at tbe present day is theTownland ofDeerpark, near Portarllngton, wbere tbere are three families of Blancs, wbo bavefollowed tbe trade of butchers, without Intermission, for one hundred and fifty years. Tbe German Immigrants, wbo came over from tbe Palatinate of tbe Rblne in 1709, and settled principally in tbe county of Limerick, may still be traced by their names— Bwitzer, Lod wig, Reynard, Bova nizer, Delmege, &o.;— and their physical characteristics, in tbe neighbourhood of Pallaekenry, Court Matrix, Ballingran, and Kilibeen. Tbey are known as ' Pals tines,' and still cling together like tbe members of a clan. Tbe latest, and not tbe least significant, immigration bas been tbat of tbe Sews, whose eoauty numbers have been very largely swelled during tbe.deoade of 1881-90, by tbe ad vent of newcomers from Rusala and Po land. 'Moat of these,' writes Mr. MatheBon, 'bave settled In Dublin, wbere, on tbe eouth elde of tbe city, tbey bave formed a Jewish quarter, and opened several eynagogues.' Per haps tbe explanation of tbe fluctuations in Irish nomenclature wblob bave moved the Indignation of Dr. Hyde, Is to be found in tbe very remarkable figures given on page twenty-six of this fasolnat Ing Blue-book. From these It appears tbat in 1811, when tbe population In Ire land was well over eight million!, tbe number of persons resident In Ireland at tbe time of the Csubus, but born In Great Britain or elsewhere, amounted to 85,000. In 1891, in a population of under five millions, the corresponding number bad risen to 120,000, of whom Just 100,000 bad been In Great Brltatn. And eo. to return to Dr. Hyde's delightfully nsi've paper, in which (without knowing It) be so effectually prioks tbe babble of ' Ireland a Nation.'' we are moved to offer the fol lowing suggestion as to tbe best means of realising bis Ideal. Blnoe Anglomania (in regard to fashions and names) ia In grained In the Irish nr '.ore, obviously tbe true polioy to pursue Is not tbat or de* Anglicising the Irish, but of Hlbernlols the English. If, for example, Mr. John Morley would be Induced to change bis name to Bbawn MaoGlollamobolmoge, tben the Irish patriots would rapidly follow suit, and a golden reign ot melli fluous Milesian nomenclature mlgbt onoe more reassert Itself throughout the entire Bmenllile, 