EGOS AND BUTTER IN LONDON. (From Oub Correspondent. ) LONDON. Nov. 23. Regarding prion, tbere are very great variations both as to sorts ana also to seasons. At the present time French eggs (extra quality) are making 10s. 6d. to 12s. 6d. per 120 { bests, 9s, fid. to 10s.; seconds, 8s. to 8s. fid. Last year at this period the same sorts were making—Extras, 12s. 3d. to 15s.; bests, lis. 3d. to 12s.; seconds, 9s. to 10s. 3d. Italians this yew are—Extras, lis. 3d.; peoonds and bests, 8s. 9d. to 10s. fid. Last year these same sorts were lis. fid. to 12s. and 8s. 9d. to 10s. 3d. respectively. Hun garian last year were 7s. to 9s. 3d.; this year they are 7s. to 9s., while Russians are selling at 7e. fid. to 8s. 3d. These prices do not admit of very hopeful prospects, unless the colonial eggs can be landed in the most perfect condition. Every egg will require careful examination before shipping; for freight is a most expensive item, and shippers should always remember that the freight is as heavy for eggs selling at 7s. fid. or 8s. as it is for those realising 10s. fid. to 12s. fid., and this difference in price may make all the difference between success and failure. In reference to the methods for preserving eggs from becoming musty and bad, tbere maj be something to learn. Hitherto the custom has been mainly confined to ex cluding the air by smearing the shell with various fats or varnish, but nont> of these methods have proved satisfactory. Putre faction has prevailed in spite of such coat ings. Scientists, however, have lately turned their attention to the question of egg-preserving,- and among others a cer tain German named Stroschein, who has patented the following prooess for Germany. A slight - description of the structure of the egg shell and the egg will make Mr. Stroscheih's prooess understandable. The shell of the egg is full of small holes or per forations. These can be distinctly seen under a microscope. At one end of the egg is an air chamber, and it is here that putre faction generally commences. To prevent this Mr. Stroschein adopts the following pro cedure:—He makes a fairly strong brine, or' as his patent terms it, " a saturated solution of chloride of sodium," and by means of a finely pointed syringe injects the brine into the air chamber nntil the air is all driven out, and the brine fills the chamber, and then the hole 1b closed with a drop of paraffin wax, silicate of soda, or other suitable mastic. The brine destroys the micro-organisms that were in the air chamber, and thuB the egg is pre served from -decay. The process is very easy, and if the eggs were examined by an expert with the aid of a strong light to see they were sound, he conld at the same time mark the position of the air chamber. Three girls may then be set to work—one to prick a small bole iii the shell where the expert has located tbe air chamber, the second to fill the chamber with brine "by means of the fine pointed syringe, and the third could seal up the hole with wax. Several thousand eggs a day can thus be treated, and Mr. Stroschein declares the eggs thus treated will keep fresh ■for a year :or : two. The process certainly deserves a trial, andis.recommended by good, authorities on the Continent. The Melbourne Government have .sent* over a patent box for .carrying.'Antterap aidmary-carg©. The box consiiArMan tr — casing -of wood, an inner Iihing-of tiles,'* an intermediate layer of '-thick card-lit The butter which arrived in this cnrious package was rancid, and so far the experi ment was a dead failure. It is also a doubtful success from another point, of view. To bring halfacwt, of butter by the new package if it were in shape of the present box the amount of space occupied by the actual package seems enormous. For instance, to carry a cubic foot of butter (1,728 inches) it requires 1,530 cubic inches of box. It is difficult to calculate the weight of this package, but it must be inch for inch as heavy as the butter, and as a cubic foot of butter weighs 5Glb., the weight of this box would be between 451b. to 501b. to carry 561b. of butter. The idea of carrying butter os ordinal)' cargo ought to lie consigned to the limbo of exploded theories. The butter market is at present in a very demoralised condition. Prices for colonial are nominally unchanged from last week, but sales are taking place fully 2s. or 2s. fid. below those prices. The sudden rise brought aliout by the rise in Danish must stand or fall with Danish, and as this butter is falling in value it looks as if colonial must still further decline. To show how demoralised the Danish market is the prioes asked for the same quality in Smithfield this week varied from 120$. to 140s. according the house selling it. The change of system at Copenhagen has caused this demoralisation, and large quanti ties of butter are now being sent from Copen hagen to England on consignment, a method hitfierto unknown to the Danish trade. The Arcadia's cargo has most of it been. sold, though some has been placed in the cold stores, which are about as full as ever they were. As fast as the old butter is taken out new season's is put in. The supplies we still greater than the demand. The quantity of butter received from Australia since Sep tember 1 up to date is 26,102'5cwb against 16,470cwt. for the corresponding period of last year, or an increase of 10,632'5cwt. On the other hand the quantity from New Zea land is only 37ficwt. against 8,244*5cwt. last year, or a decrease of 7,868*6cwt. Thus the total colonial import this season is only 2,774cwt in excess of last The late arrival of New Zealand butter is said to be due to the backward spring -in the colony. This may also explain the falling off in the imports from Sydney. The large increase from both Melbourne and Adelaide ib very gratifying. THIS SEASON'S IMPORT OF OOIXJNIAL BUTTER. NewtSeatiSd Date. -6 f 8 •10 :JW > date.. Australia." Owt 1,006-5 8,0700 8 6280 4,26B'6 6,988-6 28,861-6 Owt 8-0 108-6 26-0 117-0 842*6! Owt 288-6 666*6 60-0 2616 664*0 1007*6 « 1 * Owt Owt 88*6 287*6 88*5 287*6 The disoovery was made at the Manbyr ins powder magazine recently that an sect was making havoc among the casks attaining the explosives stored there. Some of the intruder were secured and mt to the Government entomologist for his ivioe. Mr. French classified the insept as the genus mdorchus, an immigrant beetle om Europe. Ab it has given ample proof • its destructive powers, some of Mr. rench's solutions are to be administered ith a view of annihilating the unwelcome aitor. _ 