FOREIGN TELEGRAMS. London, Awrast 23. . The Bassiaa Government has denied tee troth of the statement cabled oa August 2nd, that it had despatched eight warships with troops on hoard from Vladivostock under sealed orders. It is stated, however, that the Russian squadron in the Pacifie has been strength ened, and now nam be rs niue warships. London, August 24. It is reported that the japanese troops are retiring from Seoul, the capital of Corea. West Australian fonr per cents., in scribed stocks, are quoted at 110. This is (he same as last week's quotation. The committee appointed by the House of Gommons to consider the Irish Land Acta and to suggeBt such ameudmeuts as might seem necessary, have issued their report. They favonr drastic legislation in the interests of the tenants and adviso thatsub-commiesioners be appointed to fit rents, without any right of appeal being I allowed against the decisions of the sub commissioners. A minority report has also been issued, bat it represents only the views of the officials connected with the Land Commission. The Scotch colliery strikers have wrecked Barton Hill colliery, near Glas- gow. The outrage was committed oat of revenge for tbe employment of non-union mea on the mine. It is reported that.a French force has been despatched to Coomassie, the capital of the West African Kingdom of Ashantee. It is stated that the King of Ashantee is desirons of a Preach protec- torate being established over his country. The reported abdication of King Alexander of Servia, in favonr of bis fainer, ex-Kiae Milan, has been denied. The King of Italy has made the Crown Prince of Naples Viceroy of the King» dom of Sicily. The death ia announced of Admiral Robert Jenks. Mr. T. R. Price, of Victoria, has passed high with honours, at Sandhurst Military College, in the final examination for commissions in the Imperial Army. Owing to the appeal made by Mr. Playford, Agent General for Seuth Aus- tralia, to the Marquis of R-ipoB, Secretary, of State for the Colonies, the Castoras authorities have withdrawn their opposi- tion to the establishment of a hooded store for South Australian wines outside the London docks. Robert's "Interior of St. Anne's Church, Bruges/' has been purchased for the Melbourne Art Gallery, for £500. President Cleveland, who was ill and reported to be suffering from Bright's disease, is now stated to be better. Kaari gam is in large supply. The demand is only moderate, but prices are firmer. Good three-quarter scraped ie quoted at 76s. and good pickings at 35s. Viotorian frozen mutton is quoted at 2|d. per lb. The hemp market is quiet, and prices generally are lower. New Zealand hemp is in fair demand at about £15 Ss. 6d. per ton. The sugar market is active, with speculative dealings due to the scarcity of prompt arrivals of beet sugar. The s.s. Miowera sails for Sydney on October let. Danish batter is quoted at 100s. psr nwt. Silver is quoted at twenty-nine and thirteen-sixteenths pence per ounce. London, August 24. Brohea Hill Proprietary Company's shares are quoted at 60s. ? Silver is quoted sit twenty-nine and eleven-sixteenths pence per ounce. The quantity of imported wool in bend in the United States is 64,000;0()01b8.. i At the invitation of the King of Ashantee a French force bis occupied Coomassie, the capital of Ashantee. It has also occupied several placer en route. Telegrams received from the Central American Republia of'Nicaragua state I that the Nicaraguan troops at BlueEelds, ¡in the Mosquito Biyecr territory, have arrested Mr. Hatch, the' British Consul, and eight foreigners. They have also occupied the seaport of Grey town, on the Nicaraguan coast. A British -warship has arrived at Graytown, for the parpóse ol watching over British interests. . It is eta'ed that the real reason why the Russian army manouvres at Smolensk hare been postponed is not the illness of the Osar but) ¿he discovery of an elaborate plot by the Nihilists agsJasttho Czar and other members of (the Imperil Family. The Japanese Government declare thal the fighting last Friday with the Chinese in which the Japanese troops were re< ported to have boen badly defeated, wac merely aa affair of ou'posfs. They alsc state that the only losses on the Japanese side were one man killed and fire wounded, China is raising 100,000 troops specially for service in Cores. London, August 25.. Best tallow has advanced from 3j. to 6<L At the sheepskins sales this week there was a good demand at an advance e* ¿1, per lb. The new, process for thawing frozen meat has bean exhibited at Smithfield Market. It has baen patented by Nels m Bros. & Co., Limited. Experts declare that it is superior to all previous appliances. The forecast ef the butter trade daring the coming- season, cabled on the 23rd inst., and in which it was stated that the prospects for Australian butter wera not very promising, represented the views of the leading Colonial and Continental im- porters. They see no reason to modify their opinion, ualess the winter happens ts set. in early and to be unusually pro» longed. The P. & O. Company's new steamer Caledonia went on her trial trip this week. She steamed at the rate of nine- teen knots an hour. Raia is seriously impairing the Eng- lish wheat harvest. After a trial of some months the Go meat have abandoned the eight hours working day at the Waltham gunpowder factory. A damaging criticism on Australian wine recently appeared ia the Paris Temps. Mr. Hubert Castalia, the well-known Victorian vigaeroa, has written a letter to the Times replying to the criticism. The River Mersey Harbour Board are greatly increasing .the facilities for hand- ling wool at the Mersey dooks. They hope by this means to make Liverpool a centre for Australasian trade. The value of the imported wool, in bond, in the United States is 7,000,000 dollars (£1,400,090). The Paris Temps declares that the ?tory of a French force having occupied Coomassie is all humbug. Thé detail» supplied by th« Chinese of the fighting with the Japanese on Friday, the 17th inst., are as follows:-The Japanese transports landed a force at Ping-zang Inlet. A force of 6,000 Japanese advanced ou Ping-tang. The Chinese oavalry, cumbering a thousand men, attacked the Japanese and sscceeded in dividing them, and the artillery cern ploted the rout. The Japanese lost 1,300 men and retreated to the shelter afforded by their warships. The Chinese are massing 34,000 men at. Ooarnoo, and are sending forward 10,000 men to Seoul. A battle with the Japanese ia regarded as imminent. ' LAXBB. The Chinese force winch was defeated .by the Japanese at Asam succeeded'in effecting a junction with the Chinese force at Ping-zang, after a brilliant I retreat extending over 350 miles. During 1 the retreat the Chinese were continually being harassed by the Japanese. London, August 26, The shores of the Sea of Azof have been visited hy a tidal wave. Several Villages have been destroyed. . Many ships were also wrecked, and the crews perished. , Parliament was prorogued yesterday. The Queen's Speech on the ocoasion said that Her Majesty's relations with foreign countries were of a peaceful character. Regret wis T>xpfeased that~the questions between Great Britain and France frith .regard to territory in Africa were «till unsettled. Negotiations were, however, proceediog. Earnest attention was being devoted to the Siamese question, and Her Majesty's Government were hopeful of a apeedy settlement of the questions arising ont of the Franco-Siamese treaty. Grati- fication was expressed at the holding of the Ottawa Conference, as being calcu- lated tc strengthen the union of the colonies among themselves and with Great Britain. Order was being maintained in Ireland to a remarkable degree. Dim caltíes, however, still existed, and these the Government were earnestly con» aidering. Broken HUI Proprietary Company's .hares are quoted at eli. 8d, ' , The imported wool ia band ia the United States lias been released without payment of duty. London, August 27. Dr. Saumarpss Smith, Bishop of Sjdney, saiU for his diocese in September. The citizens ia BJ-C1IU, in Austria, have murdered a wealthy Jewish family, numbering nina persons. Cholera is increasing at St. Peters- burg aud Warsaw, and throughout Wes-^ tern Russia. Mr. P. O. Licht, the authority on beet sugar, estimates that the production of beet sugar for elevoa months will show [ an inorease of 201,000 tons, and that the entire campaign will show a surplus of 457,000 tons. The transactions of the New York Bankers' Clearing House show that trade in the United States is begiuniag to revive. The Chinese Government has engaged a number of American engineers, for service on board the Chinese warships. At Mentone, in the south of France, the Anarchists have murdered a Commis» \ sary of Police. There has been a renewal of the out- breaks ia Sicily, which convulsed the ! island some months ago. The situation is regarded as very grave. The Times of this morning comments upon the Federation policy set forth by ! Mr. Reid, the new Premier of New Sooth ' Wales. It considers that there 'would be more hope for the success of his policy if Sir Henry Parkes and other leaders of Federal opinion were pre- pared to give if their support. The annual meeting of the share holdere, of the Baak of New Zealand was held to-day. The reports and accounts presented by the Directors were passed, j Several shareholders asked that a com- mittee be appointed to enquire into the whole position of the Bank, with special reference to the assets. A motion to this effect was brought forward, bat was ruled oat of order by the Chairman, Mr. R. H. Glyn. Li the course of his speech af- the meeting of the shareholders of-the Baak of New Zetland te-day, the Chairman, Mr. Glyn, said that the Estates Com- pany, formed to deal with the assets of the Bank, had never earned more than one- half per cent., and this year its earn- ings had not increased. The cargo of Victorian wheat by the ship Sntiej, which left Melbourne on July 9th, has been sold at 24s. 3d. per quarter. Broken Hill shares are quoted at 60s. Silver is quoted at 30£d. per 02. The prospects of the hop crop in England this season are better than they have been for several years past. Au Anarchist meeting held at Hamp- stead Heath yesterday was broken up by a number of working men and the leaders were mobbed. Accounts received from the Cameroons, a German possession on- tho West coast of Africa, state that the cannibal propen- sities of the Soudanese troops employed by the German authorities have created quite a reign of terror among the natives. London, August 28. The new process for thawing frozen meat, patented by Nelson. Bros. & Co., Limited j thaws meat at a cost of a farthing a pound. Smithfield experts de- clare that the invention will increase the value of frozen meat treated by it from a ld. to lid. per lb. The process is a .mechanical one, by whioh the meat is submitted to the influence of a warm dry atmosphere. Two days are required for thawing mutton and five days for beaf. The Frankfurter Zeitimg, a well known German journal, publishes a re- port of a remarkable interview with M. Stambouloff, ex-Premier of Bulgaria. M. Stambouloff declared that Prince Ferdinand would not bs allowed to sacri- fice Bulgaria to Russia merely to gratify bis personal vanity. He asserted that the Czar offered him 5.000,000 roubles (£750,000) if he would depose Prince Ferdinand. He would rather, however, be hanged in Bulgaria than bs free in Russia. Mr. Brown, who has charge in Eng- land of the lottery organised for dis- posing of the assets èf the Bank of Van Diemen'e Land, in liquidation, has re- ceived counsel's opiaion that the lottery is illegal ia England, and that if it is to be continued it will be necessary to resort to the Continent. Sir thousand additional Japanese troops have been landed at Chemulpo, in Coreas. The British authorities at Aden hara detained the Japanese warship Taksuts, which was proceeding te Japan. A nunber of Spanish merchants have requested Mr. William Forrest, who is at present in Loudon representing the Queensland Meat Export Company, te send a trial shipment of frozen meat to Cadiz. They believe tbat there is J a profitable opening for Australian frozen meat in Spain. Mr. Forrest sails for Brisbane in November. The new tariff became law in the United States at midnight, through effluxion of time, President Cleveland having refused to sign the Bill Imposing it. The President admits that it is vastly better than the old McKinley tariff, but he desires that all raw material should be ad- mitted duty free. HV urges the Democrats to contiuue to fight for tariff reform. He states that the action of the Sugar Trust, in bringing political pressure to bear to enrich themselves at the expense of the people, will never be forgiven. It is announced that the Treasury is favourable to the establishment of a branch of the Boyal Mint in Western Australia, provided that it ia established on conditions similar to these imposed in regard to the braneh Mints at Sydney and Melbourne. This means that the colony will have to bear-the whole ex- pense of the establishment and upkeep of the Mint. The death is announced of the Earl of Albermarle. [Ffae Earl of Albermarle was born in 1832, and succeeded to the title in 1891, but had sat in the House of Lords since 1876, under the title of Baron Ashford. He was better known by his courtesy title, Viscount Bary. He was Treasurer of the Queen's Household from 1859 to 1866 ; Under-secretary for War from 1878 tu 1880, and again ia 1885-6]. The Journal des Débate, a well-known Paris newspaper, says that advices have been received from Senegal steting that rumours are current there that the French troops in Timbuotoo have had three days severe fighting with the Tuareg«, and that two companies of French troops have been annihilated. The rising against the Dutch In Batavia is assuming serions proportions. In alfight with the natives a Dutch força I has bean severely defeated. Its loss waa 164 men killed. Among the number were fourteen officers. London, August 29. It is reported that the Bombay police have captured Nana Sahib, who ia notorious as the perpetrator of the Oawnpore massacre, one of the most terrible iucidents of the Indian Mutiny. Even since the Mutiny strenuous efforts have been made to discover Nana' Sahib, but have hitherto been withont success. Contradictory reports are carrent with regard to the progress of hostilities between China and Japan. It is reported at Shanghai that the Chinese, aided by 5,000 Coreaos, have driven the Japanese to Kaisong, and have inflicted heavy losses upon them. It is stated also that the Chinese are still advancing. Another rumour is to the effect that Japanese have landed north of Taku, and are preparing to march oa Pekin, the capital of the Ghiuese Empire. It is reported also that a force of 2,000 Japanese have landed at the ZaluvRivert with the object nf cutting the Chinese communications. The Japanese warship Islam, which was seized by the British Government, has been released, the Japanese Govern- ment having guaranteed that she Will not be allowed to take atjy part in the war with China, The United States OoBgress closed its session to-day. * Tho Comte de Paris, the head of the Bourbon family, ie ill. He is very weak and his condition is causing anxiety. A singular bomb outrage is reported from Leghorn, in Italy. A number, of persons were bathing when a bomb was . thrown among them and exploded. None of the bathers were killed, but several were injured* Dr. Saumarez Smith, Bishop of Sydney, will arrive ia Sydney by the Arawa, ooo of the Austral-Canadian Une of steamers. Mr. Bouse, ex-manager of the London office of the City of Melbourne Bank, sails for Melbourne on September 22ùâ, A great sensation has been caused at Cairo by the arrest Of three pashas for enslaving Soudanese girls. Ons of the pashas is President of the Legislative Council. It has been decided to at on^rbegm the erection of a Roman GUfcoUe Cathedral at Westminster, to take 4ha Jllase of the existing pro-cathedral at Kensington. The building is to cost £250,000, and will have accommodation foi-10,000 worshippers. Tho new treaty between China and the United States has been ratified. It pro- hibits the immigration of Chinese into the United States for ten years. London, Angnst 29. The cargo of Victorian wheat by the barque Castor, winch left Geelong on April 18, has been sold at 29s. 9d. a quarter. Messrs. Weddel & Co. are sending a large quantity of Australian mutton to Germany. They are also arranging for the despatch of a sample shipment of frozen beef to Cadiz,* where it will be aold by auction. The Mount Morgan Gold Mining Company's shares are quoted at 50s. Since the last series of wool sales Several hnndred bales of wool have been aold at an advance of 5 to 10 per cent. There is much excitement at Cyprus, both political and among the commercial ?classes, at the reduction of the British garrison in the island. The garrison now only numbers fifty men. In connection with the trouble at Blue fields, Mosquito River Territory, the v Nicaraguan Government have decided to banish Mr. Hatch, the British Consul, and nine other foreigners. The United ' States Government have protested against the action of Nicaragua. LATER. Mr. Hatch, the British Oonsnl at Blue fields, has been released from custody. Further particulars have been received of the insurrection in Batavia. The loss hy the Dutch in the recent engsgement With the natives is greater than was at .first supposed, and amounts to 30 officers and 185 men killed. A fresh expedition is being equipped to proceed against the. insurgents. Landon, August 30, ' A company is being formed in London, With a capital of £200,000, for the pur- pose of acquiring Webb's Consols silver mine. The Comte de Paris, whose illness was mentioned yesterday, is Buffering from cancer. His condition is critical. The Mossman Gold-Mining Company has decided to wind up and then to re- form. The Turkish Government has protested against the occupation by Italy of the town of Kassels» in the Egyptian Soudan. The German warship Prisiez Heinrich, Which has recently been completed, was ' sent on her trial trip at Dantzio thia week« She steamed at the rate of 15£ knots an hour. Messrs. Burney! Young and Little have written to the Timen advocating a ?revision of the BritiBh tariff, so as to .ilford greater advantage to Australian wines. The Japanese Government have bought 200,000 needle gnus in Vienna, for ase in the war with China. Since thè repeal of the wool duties in the United States a large quantity of im- ported wool has been withdrawn from bend. The Kaffir rising in the Transvaal has been completely suppressed by the Boers. An Anarchist bas been arrested at Milan on a charge of plotting to murder the King of Greece. The strike of colliers in Scotland, which has now been lingering on for many weeks, is collapsing. London, August 30. The retirement from the House of Gommons of Mr. J. A. Picton, end Sir James Whitehead, the members for Leicester, owing to ill-health has necessitated the election of mem- bers in their places. The successful candidates are Messrs. Broadhurst and Hasell» Liberals. They defeated two Conservative labour candidates. The elec- tion makes no change in the strength of (parties in the House of Commons, as the .¡ate members were siso Liberals. At the general election in 1892 Mr. Picton and Sir James Whitehead were returned un- opposed. The governing body of the Boyal Colonial Institute has suggested to the Bari of Rosebery that the Queenie Birth- day should be celebrated as a public holi- day throughout the Empire. Lord Rose* \ hery has replied, stating that the com* munity generally should take action and. not the Government. There are, he pointed ont, obvious objections to another j public holiday so near to Whit Monday. 