LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS. THE steamer Rodondo, while on the voyage to Albany, was totally wrecked on the southeron osat of Western Anstralia. at 2 o'clock on flnday morning last, and four possengers were drowned. The survivors were reecued with great difllenlty by the schooner Grace Darling from a small island on which they had taken refuge. One of the paeaengera, Mr. J. J. Filtzgerald, who distingoishbed himself byi great bravery, lost 300 sovereigns which were contsined in his boxes on heboard the ill-fated steamer, There were 200 persons on the Bo. dondo when abse strouck on the reef. FPll p-e. tioslars will be tond elsewhere in this iesone. Wa oan highly recommend our readers, who want the best Photos., to 'go to E'wan'sa itudio, Briabane.street. Under the dinto goishbed patronage of his Excellency General Sir Heory Wylie Norman, Goovernor of Queen. land.-[AuvT.] 238 Tws building recently erected in Bell- street, for nuse as a boarding.hooase greatly adds to the appearanoe of that streret, It is a large and commodions two-atoreyed wooden strootnre, and stsnds out in striking contrast to some of its srroneodings: we refer, of coarse, to the rains of T. t. Jones and Co.'o old premises, wbhich the Mayor, if he has the power. should osoee to be pulled down and removed. The new premises have been completed to the order of Mr. Richard Watsoe, the architect being Me. G. B. Gill, and the contractors Meoers. John M'Mardy and Soo. Its excellent finibsh and general appearanoe reflects oradat on all coo credit on all oonoserned In its erection. On the groond floor the rooms, which are aIsrge aod airy, consist of a drawingroom, dininog-room, kiteoheo, morning.room. and store closet; while those on the chamber foier ara made up of mi bed-rooms, bath-room, and lneouclooet. Good stabling acoommodation has also been prov.dad for, two stalls, coachb.hone, and washb-hoouse having been eresoted ounder one roof in the yard. The whole bdilding bas been neatly painted both inside and ont. Evidenas of srtistio, and indeed rather anoommon, work is noticeable at the top of the front portion of the building, which oousists of a troencated gable, with massive levers resting on moulded aorbels, the whole imparting to the hbuiloing a pleasing aspect. A balcony and street awniog also serve to add to the finish and comfort of the stretnre. Toe bnildino is tenanted by Mrs. Thiele, who, in such a fine roomy hboae, oas ample accoommodation for a goodly number of boarders. A TEMor- o A ayM ! !l-Pore Wool Home. spans, Faooy Angolas, Faees-quality Wore setde, and a big assortment of Brue Worateda andSerges, at the Woor.L?aoonrornA's. Snite, gusrantoled well made and well firtidk, Three GuiHaea to Fire Gnineas.-(ADovri) 2b THea Silketone branob of the Loyal Temper. anoe Legion re-opened the Temperanoe olasese on tDturday afternoon last in the Weo'eyan Chapel at Newtown. There werethirtysevwen memnbers present. After devotional exercises and a abort address from the leader (IMr. Kiloner), theo bnsinese of appointing affioera for the eneoing quarter wease proceeded with, and recolted as follows :-Preeident, Master Alfred Deaning; aecretaries, Miss Ebthel Denning and Mnster Percy Woolley; treneurera, Mime Ethel Steovene aqd Master Wisinm Wallie; librarian, Mea Gweatnoie Woolley. The leader then ei plained to the young people the duties of their respective eiaes, at the same timeimpressing upon them' that the performance of these little dutoies was really work for the Saviour, and each one would be doing hie or her share towards fulfillinog the prayer, " Thy kingdom come," and hastening the time when the care of uloohol abould cease to exist in the land. The pledge was then repeated by all, and the benediotton pronounced, when the ehildren marcohed out while singeng their temperanos marobing eong. FINEarT Indian, China, and Ceylon Tecs, from is. 6d, to 2i. 6d. per lb., at LAs Baos.' Ipawioh "' T" Mnrt.-(ADw.) 50 Mm. D. EDWAaD, photographer, of Brihbane street, exeonuted for his Excellency the Gover. nor a very pleasing memento of hie visit to Ipswaoh in connection with the presentation of the medals awarded ny the Royal Eumane Society of Victoria for anote of bravery daring the 1893 flood, and yesterday we were shown a proof of the photograph which has been sent to S.r Henry Norman. The memento consists of two photographse-one ehowing membeen of the party who visited the Brisbane River in Mr. Oulland'e carriage, with others stecding olose by, and the other giving a view of the visitore just prior to lunoch-time-with no ornameontl-ooloured border, and pretty sprays of panesei, forget-me-note. and wild fwerea, whilst at the right-hand bottom corner are the words, neatly inmeribed, "Memento of his Excellency the Governor's visit to Kholo, near Ipewich, Qoeeneland, September 22nd, 1894." The whole was enolosed in a frame of white enamel and gold, forming a very pretty pioture. Mr. Edward hsa eiica received a communication of a moeet gratifying nature from his Ezoolleoey, in which be expressee pleasure at the receipt of the photograph, as el ais his appreciation of it, and has honored Mr. Edward with his patronage. THE Neotarina Tea makes the afteraoon tea table a delightfnl pleansure to Ladies and other' of a rfined and delicate tasete. Price, 4s, pyr lb. Ctrnn and Foore.-E[Aov.) 22 THE propoeale for erecting a Roman Catholio asthedral for London, whichb have been due. ouased for many years, have at last taken definite sbhape. It is intended that the new building shall be in the ancient Basilican or primiti oe style of Chrietian architecture it is so aooommodate 10,000 anid eant 8000 personse and the oost will be fully £250,000, of which, however, not quite half has yet bhtea snb. eoribel. Ses,--New Seeds, for planting this month, jusOt arrved in splendid order. BeanU (Prench cnd other), Rosella, Cucamber, Amerioan Water and Rook Melon (10 variaties). Pump kin Iteble and Odld), Vegetable Marrow, Rhiboerb Roo:e, Squash Tomato, Sugercorn Ecg Plant, New Tobacco Seed, 5 esorto, Vegetablen oeds, of all sorts, kept in stoctk. Impee, Paicoam, Luoerne, Prairie Orase, Conch nadothergreesre. FruitTrees, PFlower. ing 8hruhba aed Psnt- in etocd. JAmas BALL Nioholr.e-etrett, Ipewioh,-(Atvr ) 47 A?Nl nocoident of a moire or less serious nature happened to Mr. John Richard Bradford, the woellknown inepector of tslegraphlilnee, in the voionity of Glamorgan Vale, on Monday last. It meem, that Mr. Bradford, who is forty-fe years of age, and generally residea in Brisbsane, was engaged in mnp'cting the line-repairing work now being osrrred out in the directieon of E-k, end towards evening was riding along on nome uneven ground, when it is believed tOe horse on which he wee mounted slipped, and fell with him against a log or stomp. Aasistanoe wpas at once rendered bhy someone close by. sond Mr. Bradford, who wan soffering considerable pa r. about the batk end cines, was taken to Mr. Pratt'. Hotel,at Glamorgan Vale, On Tuesday Dr. Lightoller happened to visitthe neighhnEr. hood, and was acked to saoertain what iojct?e bad been seustained by Mr. Bradford, when he divoovered that some of his ribs were broken. Thoe doctor attended to theme, and recommended his removal to Ipswioh. lie ecordingly came to town by the Eak train yesterday morning, nod, as Mr. Bradford wished to be token to the Boetital, te weas conveyed thither, where he is now doing as well as ooull be expeoted. Tan Iectaries Tea is espeoiully adapted to moseet the requirements of Ladies and .other )Delicate Porseune I a hot el:mato. Ptriec, 4'. per lb, Oanrs and FOLTs -ADVT.] . 22 AT the Po'ion Cont, yea'erday morning, be. fore the Police Magistrate, Joseph Mulbolland was eummooned.at the tancen of the smistant nuiesoos anepeaoter (Mr. M. O'F.aherty) for having allowed a boroe to etrars in Rodeoiok street, in contravention of the Ipmwich mauni oapal by laws, He plreaded *"Guilty." and stated that he had releaerd the mare out of the pound, and so awe poni. hed already. Another mat's horbe had he said, Ieen Imponeded on the sams day, but he had ot been etmmoned. Mr. O'Flakherly stated that he had impounded the deferdant's bhore thlee or lefoer times previ. ously. The defendarnt was then filed 7I. 6d., with 4. Gd. oatseof Csaurt, end 2'. 81. wit nessa' xponseaa. Te inspector asked for 5'. witnuessa exponses, as that aus the asum which he nusually paid she poend.kheper forattendiog as a witness; hobut the Benoth pointed out thet in onase where the defendants pleaded a.Guilty" to an offence witeaEs' extpeoses would not be allowed when the.ponnd-keeper was the watnese. Ab Man, a Cainacan,wasn charged with allowing two horses to stray in Moore- slanoe, and pleaded " Not guilty." The evidence of the nuisence-inspEctor wAs to the effoeet that on the2snd inetathbe hadimpouooded two head of hosles, the property of the de fenodant, from Moore-lane; wh'le the testm mony of Alfred Filzgerald (the assiltant-pound keeper) went to show that the hores an ques tion were released by the defendant, and habt, when impounded about a fortnight ego, they were slsp released by him. When esken what he had to say in reply to these statements, the defendant blandly answered, "* Me no savee ;" and he was then Sued 7a, 6., with 4E. Od. oosts of Court and 2s. Gd. witoese's epenses COOL WITOUTT BEING CHILLY I-All medical anuthorities agree in saying that Jl'oollen Material should be worn in summer in ell Hot Climates. Nothing -lee iq sfe. Tberefore5 go to the WooLLesn OOMPANY and get the rioht thing.--(Anvr.) 238 A rINE sight ocourred at sea during the passage to Sydney of the ship Poseidon, which arrived yesterday from Liverpool (asys the 8.11. Heraldof FPsiday). Whenabowling slo l aoross the ocean towards Australia in a strong breaes, every stitch of canvas eat to the roysas. the Poseidon, a 1700uton iron slipper, sighted ahead a vesselr which proved to be the barque Brodick Bay, also from Liverpool, but bound to Briabane. , The barque had twelve daste' start of the Poseidon. ano it was little expected when abshe left the Mersey that the ship would have the look to r o iyht down upon her track in the Great Soothern Osean. It was 1 p.m. on the 14th Septemter when the officer of tbshe watch first aosught sight of the sail ahead, and by 5 p.m. the two frenvds were alongside of each other, so near together that they were able to dispenose wilth 'ligotls and hail each other verbally. As ifto gsveadditional interest to tbhe voyages of thee vessels the Poreidon weeas, yesterday, entering Sydney Heads as the news same along the wires from Wileon's Pro montory that the Brodisk Bay had jost passed there. The ship went round Tasmaonia, and the bs rque eppears to have taken the 8trait. for her course. PsINE ARTs-Portraits in cil, and Photo graphs, plain and oolonred. Landocapes and groupe taben at proples' own residences, by the I.X.L. Compsny,~ Nioholase.street, Ipswicb. All we k gusr?nteed eoellent. Addresses beauti lilly exetetad m onrgmnal d ipans by A. D. BEIRN. Observe the addresa,LX L., Nicholas street, Ipswibch.-(ADVT.) 35 AT the Polios Counrt, yesterday morning, before the Police Magistrate, Mr. Bobert M'Gill, solicitor for Thomas K e nan, who was, on the 3rd instant at Esk. onmmitted for trial at the eittinga of the D.striot C ,art at Ipawioh, on the 3rd of December next, on a charge of borsestealing, made a arenewaed application Iur bail for the aooused. T'he Bench intimated that they were qoite prepared to grant hal. and ansuch was sooordingly sllowed-prisoner ien £30, and two saoreties of £15 or one of £30. CALL at LANEBoos.'for Good Teas.-(ADv ) Owo?o to the stattements made recently bhy some of oar ontemporarie (remarksk the NVew. oas?le Hevald), st is Once more neoessary to deny that the coal trade of this distrlot is e ack: or is deorasing. As a mautter of flat tbeh quarter just ended shows a most eatisfactory increase to the qusutty shipped, and besides being 145 050 tone stead of the corresponding quarter of 1893, it was thse best quarterly oot. pot ever recorded in thedietrict. The amount sent to porte beyond the colony was 530.394 tone, and to get a quarter spproaohmg it we have to go to tshe year 1860, when for the first three mooths a trofle oer 520,000 tone was shipped. The trade was very slaok during the firas quarter of this year, habut it gradually brightened, and as a resls the inorease in shipments to ports outside New South Wkles for the nine months, as stmpared with 1893, was 149,706 ton. F. A. WnITHEAD'os Enlargements arie ex seedingly Fine, and equal to anything in that line pruonced so the Cilooy. Oo be cad any seie. Prie very modermodrate. All waolk done on the premises. Call aend inspect ashow cases at the old.established Studio, Brislbane street. -[Anvx.] 70 TaE Irony of fa.e seems to have entered largely into the fortunes of Mr. John Robb, of Melbourne, contractor, whose schedule was recently filed in the Insolvenoy Court, and who has sinsce been examined before Judpe Csoey in regard to his estate (esays the Agel. For thirty. fee years he had carried on an extensive bosiness ass general and railway oonrr~etor. and his ventures in this direction seem to have beesn extremely soccessful--so muh o,. indeed. that in Maro, 18890. when be had his balance. sheet made up, he found that he had a clear surplus above liabilities ou £445 834. Having auoh a large balanoes on hand, he looked around, as he stated under examination, for some "profitable and safe" form of invesoment, and he purchased a share in a aoar.plantatson in New South Wales for £104,8000, the whole of which sum ha lest, for soon aftor he investei his money the price of sugar hbegan to desline, and it ultimately fell £10 per ton lower than it was when he purchased the property. A similar fate awaited him in connection with a chare in a Queenesland etatior, for which hr paid £40,000. By a drought which extended sver two years hie partners and be lost 80,000 shoep, and to bhnaoce matters thie was aosucceeded by a?lond, whloh saept away 17.00 or 18,000 owes asd lambs, so that the insolvent stood to lose whether the season was wet or dry. He also luted his attention to olty property, and with others heome a pueshaser of le'smulse.court for £16,(00, paying his share of £25,000. Cosnrarr to his usual experience in connec?tion with railway construction his last large oontrac, for building the Osirns Railway in Queenosland pronve disastrous. He mode &a; olatm on the Queeso'and Governmest for £26 311l for exte s.. Tho Government ffered him £100,000, whibch he refaued to aoept. Be went to arstital o alter epeacing £17*,00a prehmiary xpeaosesa, and the award of the arbitrators was only £28,707. l'ean event of the sear: IZrioh Tei Mart, N'ioholaesatreeLt.-(AvT.) . 0 Earr'rs for the ploaghing and jompi?o contests, to take place at the plooghing match at Rosewood on the 19th instant ender the asapices of the Rosewood Farmersa Club. aloe with the secretary (Mr. P. 8. Adams) to morrow, and those anteoding to compote in any of the evente shboold note this fact. Tan most fashionable size in portraiture at present is the new "Paris Panel." All the rae n" Down Sooth." Bee specimenes at F. A. WHITEHEADo'S Photographic Studio, Brisbane etreet.- [ADVT..] . 70 A CAMOL care took place, on Saturday, 15th September, between the Earl of Fingail and Mr. R. G. Casey, oef Qoeensland, from Cool gardie to the Londonderry mine. Mr. Casey, who is atill snfl.iog from the effeota of hia resent attack of congestion of the lots, wass moonted on Tar), the very fast camel owned by the Wilson Syndicate, end stae allowed twenty-fie minutes' strat in consideration of his weak state. The Earl was aeso on sa very apeede animal, and, being well piloted by Mr. D. Liodsay. took the shorter back track to Borhank's Birthday Gift mine, thee saving a mile or two of the distauae. At the jenotion of the two roads, near Burbank's, the competi toae met, and it looked as if the run honme would prove intereseting, but Mr. saney was anable to undergo the violent exertion neces sary for a close finish on a camel, and the Earl mar allowed to floish an easy winner. The die tlance of twelve miles was covered in 1 hoar 40min. [Mr. Caseey was formerly the Parlia mentoryrepresentative of Warreeo and reasided at Normonby Station (near Herrievile), of which he and the Hon. D. S. Wallace, M L C., of Melbourne, were ownere.--Eo. Q.'.] SPnCIAL.--One Thooseand (1000) Yards, mere or lees, French Muslins (last year's goods). rangino from Is. to It. 6d. per pyard: clearing now at 6?d. and 0&d.; . RICHEY & Co - (ADwr.] 137 TRE frat camber of the Commonealorlt. the oifacial organ of the Aoetralesian Federation League, published in Sydeey. has jaet reached us. The all.impprtant question of federated Anstralia is dealt with comprehensively in contributed artio!es by Messre. Edmond Bar too. Dr. Garran, Dr. Qulok, R. R. Garran. Frank Cotteron, and others well qualifed to write upopen toe ouojeot. If the atendard Of the present number is maintained, the Com monwealec ought to be a powerful edueator of publio opinion upon this great qaestion of the fatore. The new publioation is sexcellently printed and well got up, and is a credit to all ooncerned in its prodoction. KILLIGr TWO BIRDS WITr ONE BTon I Boylog a Suit at the WOOLLEN CoMPANrt'S. It is a Patriotio Daty and a Paying Invest ment.--(Anv.) 2 36 WE have received from the Department of Agricolture a bulletin on the subject of the management and nse of manures, with special reference to Queensland eonditions. The bolletin is written by Profeasor Sheltoo, and the suabjeot is dealt with very conprehben. riely. . Farmers wishing for information as to the beat means of oonserving the natUral rich ne?ass of theaoil onnot do better than apply to the departmeant for a copy of the bsmphlet, which will be sent free to them. We are alo in receipt of a osefel compendiomn. issuned by the Immigration Department of the Argentine Repoblie, on the subject of the breeding and utiliention of sheep in that countiy. This book is aissued for the purpose of eonveyirg information to immigroantr, workmer, and oapitalists desirons of acquiring land an the Argentine Republic, and is pubished free in Spanish, French, English, German. Danish, and Italisn. We notice a paragraph in is to the effect that the grrateSt rivhal to Argedtina in the prodoction of sheep is Australia. and tbhat the Aoetralians give their stock, ar greater attention than the farmers of Argentina, nod are thes able to produce heavier and soperior fleeces, though the "' Australian fields are inferlor to the Argentine ones." For purposes of comparison especially the pamphlet is an intereating one. Appended to it are articles on the National Constitation, Education Act, and the Law of Citizenship in the Argentine Republio. Goon Morning I Have you tried LaNs Baor.' Teas ?-(Anrr.) 60 SPssAorso of the fire which oocorred at Hensler'e livery etables, Toowoomba, on Friday morning last, the Chronicle lays:-We regret to say that the fire does not present the appear anne of having been the renilt of either accident or oarelessnees. One of the oabs in eoorohed a little at the bottom of the inside seats, and has the appearance of having a heap of straw plasoed inside, then satorated with kerosine, and set on fire. Other vehicles were eatarated more or less with kerosine, while a double seated noggy at the bottom end also appears to have had a bundle of hay placed inside, then saturated with kerosine, and set on fire. One of the stalls had a large heap of hay piled in side, end here also a fire had been lit. The appearance of the affarr shows that there had been a deliberate attempt to destroy the vehicles and building by some person or persons at present unknown, When Mr. Heneler left the place at night everything woe in order. and a number of horses were in the stalls,. in cluding a very valuable trotting mare. When the bell eounded hie wife woke him up. He dressed himself and went down the street to see where the fire was, and on bearing it was his place be immediately ran to the stables to render what assistance he conld. The eati mate of the damage is'not known. Some of buggies Were oharred, and a few horse rags anrat, but the building rustained no damage. The building is insured in the Atlas Fire Annearnoe Company (W. Porritt, local agent) for £200, and the stook for £300 in the Lion Abmrancee Company (T. J. Allen, local agent). Immediately after the fire Senior-Sergeant Wright arrested Charles Torner, who was in charge of the stabler, on esopicion of arson. AnT STUDIES -When the public are re quested to give their opinion of the Portraits and Pioturee exhibited by the I.X.L. Photo. C Ompany, Niobolo.rstreet, the work of A. D. BrtasE, Artist, their aniversal decision is that it bas never yet been exoelled in Queeneland. [Anvt.] j 5 CraIL TYLEr. the marvellonu boy soprano, at present in Queensland, is said to be a brother of the great American cyclist, Tyler, who, some weeks ago, rode a mile from a stand on the Waltham track in Imin. 67 /5aear., thus making a world's record. MESSRP. LKVy. BOTLoB, and C).. of the Courier Building, Brisbane, announce in an. other column that they are running a monster cash distribution. The liest is to close on Novembpr 30, and the drawing will take place on the 14th of Deopmber, tnder the supervision of a committee of gentlemen. Phll particulare can be obtained from the advettlsement. CoTAINrLY the best medicine known is SaNDER AND SoNf' Eucalypti Entraot. Test its eminpntly poworful effeots in conghe, colds, influesza-the relief is instantanoono In serious oases, and accidents of all kinds, be they wonode, burne, eosldinge, bruises, aprains, it to the safeet remnedy-?s o swelling, no inflammation. Like enrprising eaeots prodoced in croup, diphtheria, bronobhiti, nflammation of the lungs, swellings, &.,; diarrhea, dyeen tery,diseaeseofthe kidneyead nerinary organs. In use at hospitals and medicalolinio all over the globe; patronised by bis Majesty the ing of Italy; crowned with medal and diploma at international Exhibition, Am terdam. 't?nst in this approved artiale, and reject all otkers. \--fAnv.' 01 STATEcMN.TS have been pnblished recently both in the London ad& the oolonia', papera that trouble was caused at the New Australia settlement in BPragnay through sone rf the younger Auntralian men contracting alliances with the h ative women. It was abated that Australian women greatly resented this pro cedore, and refused to assooiate with these women, and that in all probability the nettle meet would be entirely broken np oven this 4ifoinulty Mr. Gilbert Casey writes giving a most emphatic denial to thee reports, and states that nothing hos occurred at the settle meat to warrant their pablceation.-Sydney Daily Tleornpht. ADnVA-CE Ipawich I Enconrage Lcool In dastry by nusing LANTE EBo.' really Pirst 0?se Teae.-(&DVT.; 60 Tos annesl sports io oooeotIlon with the Ipswich Boys' Grammar Sohool, which will be held on the school reorestion reserve on Seter day afternoon next, promise to be quite as uccessful as similar gatheriegs in pass ypeans. The committee are domg all in their power to make the arrangements an nomplet, as possibl-, so as to make everything pass off pleasantly and without a bitch. The entries closed for the Old Scholars' BRace on Tuesday, and are very large, some sixtesn names having been sent in. The handicaps for this race have been isefnd, and are as follow:-J. M'Grath, scratch: VW. Fox, 2 yards; J. Gins, 4; E. B, Baines, 6; G. Bainee, 7: J. D. Lee, 8; H. B. Bullmore and J. E. Stewart. 9 eoch; W. J M'Gill, C. G. Gore, end H. W. Rawlaugs, 11 sach:o W. Paskinaon and B. M'Neil, 12 eaoh; W. E. Foote, 13; T.F. Atkinsono and B. B. Brown 14 each. So as to get off the wh'ole of the items on the programme on Saturday, kioking the football, throwing the cricket ball, and the first heat or the 440 Yards Hansdicep will take place this afternoon. SELLoG LIKE BOT CA&sn; I 1-The New Chance Spring Patterns at tboe WOOLLa Cos. PaNY's. -(Anv.) 23.6 AN advertisement in our last issue, calling for tenders for the erection of a two-storeyed brick building in Brisbane street, attracted more than ordinary notice, because it is quite refreshing, in these dull times, to find business people with sufficient enterprise and sufficient confidence to invest their money in the erec- tion of new premises of so substantial a character as those indicated in the announce- ment alluded to. The new building is, we understand, intended for Mr. F. Goleby, saddler, and will be erected on the site on which the office of Mr. G. B. Gill now stands, this property having been purchased by the former gentleman at the recent sale of the late Mr. S. Shenton's properties. Mr. G. B. Gill is the architect, and he has succeeded in designing a building which, when completed, will be a creditable addition to the architecture of the town. The premises, which, as we have said, are to be of brick, will have a frontage to Brisbane-street of 21ft., and will extend some 45ft. down the property. A cellar, 6ft. 6in. deep, is provided for, and the shop itself will be 13ft. high from floor to ceiling, with a double frontage, containing five large plate-glass windows, 9ft. high, in which there will be ample apace for the proprietor to display the wares of his trade. There is also to be a side entrance passage up to the first floor, while the upper storey will be available for the holding of lodge meetings or small public gatherings, it being intended to have this portion of the building so constructed as to afford suitable accommodation for such assem- blages. The balcony will be 8ft. wide, a stair- case giving access to and from it, whilst pro- vision is also made for the usual shop balcony and sun-shade. The front of the premises are to be surmounted by a parapet wall, with cornice, and the whole of the front will be cemented. The building will be a handsome addition to the business premises of the town, and we have little doubt that, when he occupies it, Mr. Goleby will reap the reward which his enterprise deserves. Tenders for the work close on Thursday next, the 18th instant. The Lockyer Star states that it is understood that Mr. M. Hohenhaus bhas been appointed to the charge of the Bimrslide State School. This gentlemen is well-konwn in and around this town. He is, webelieve, a native of West Ipewibch, and was for a number o ynears teach ing under Mr. ?John Soott at the East Ipswich school. He as a persevering and painstaking teaoher, and his numerosne friends- will be pleased to hear of his promotion. THEnE are few more remarkable personali ties among the surviviog grand old men of Chriateudom than Dr. John G. Paten. The New Bebrides missiaionary hero lives but for one purpose-the extension of milionoary work in the South Sesn-and he is spending the deolia. log yere4f-hiaventfotl tie, in ftrthasing that purpose with a seal and energy nurprising to e9veryhody but himself. Lately be has returned to the colonieB from England and Awerica, and it is announced that during hie tour- he has collected ever £25,000 for the foreign mie sion fonds of the Presbyterian Church in Victoria. For ten months he went up and dcwn Great Baitatin " with the hobarm of oun affected humility," as a local journal ex presses it, ioterpreting the dream of bis life. "Hie visit," says the same authority. "deservce to.be chronioled ae- an bistoric event in missionary annale. E?verywhere he has been met by listening thousands with the atmost enthusiasm. He has spent his seventieth year amongst ns-the same simple, whole. bearled, and dauntless spirit that faced and pleaded with and loved the rede savages of Tanna." In addition to the behandsome fond raised, Dr. Paton bes ecured two young Scotch miesionaries, who are following him to Australia on their way to the islands. Dr. Paton has already one son in the mission field, and his third edn is likely eseon to follow his example. The dootor's misnionary sobeme includes the building of a mission ship with eeem aoxiliary power. Towards this object he has secured £8000, besides promises of £1000 a year-towards the maintenanoe of cheeteamer from prrsons in the Motherland.-Sydney Daily 'elegraph. Arn TBLIoCa from Stawell, in the Melbourne Argue, saypa :-A very sad aooident ooorred at Bosaogum last week. A little girl about two years old. the daughter of Mr. B..Giles, was playing with a swing whioh wsabeangiog low, nearly touchiag theground. Mrs. Gles's attention was attracted by eeing the bchild stretched across the ropo. She ran to release the hlittle one, but was horrified to find that abe had been choked to death. The child'a ahio had caught in a noose in the rope, and in struggling to free herself ahe had been etraogled. MR. H. C. RUSoRSELL writes to the Sydecy/ Daily Teltgrapt :--" There is justnow upon toe eno's visible asorface a very fine end ex tensive group of spots, extending in length rather more than 130,000 miles, and in wsdth from 20,000 to 40,000 miles. It in probable ahat as this group of spots passes ff?the sn's risible service there will be a manifestation of eurore--.i , within the nect eight or ten days. Perhaps it may be well to add that the light in the- western sky, which so many- have re ported to me as an aurora is not anroral, bht o)disoal light. It has been unusaolly con epicuous of late, and as the last of the daylight fades away, th. ztdisoal light may be seen on a moonaless night over the point where the son cets, and stretaohing up 30ldeg. or 40deg., and leacing over to tshe nort. It is coioed in shaps, and is easily overlooked, aunless speioal oares ic taken in looking for it It mar be seen ferr about an hour, and seems to follow the ann.' A? Pv?nzr has been filed for the liquidation of the estate of Jobanns Jecberr, Mutdagilly. noear Ipswich, farmer. A general meeting of creditoss will be held at tle oflfie of Messrs. Mnrris.and Heiner, solicitors, School of Arte. Drisbane.atreer, Ipewicb, on Monday0 22nd instant at 3 p.m. Liabilities, £1072 d13s. 7d, The Select Committeo.appointed by Parlia ment to inquiry into and report upon the diaeonsions which exist among the Bailway Commissioners met (Iap the WarrsioP Argus) in No. 1 Committee-r-om, Legislative Couonil Chambers. on Monday, last. when tieHon. R. Philp (Minister for Works and Mines) was appointed ebairmen. At the aecaund meeting of the Committee, held on Thursday,. the Hen. Jti. M. Nelsoon, Premier and Auting Mmister, for Ruilweys, was oamined, bl eveideoce coo sistiug in the maicof letters which had passed between the Comminsioners and the Chief Secretary's offie. On Friday, Mr. Commiai sioner Johnston gave evidence, and his ex amination was n ill unfinished when the Com mittee rose. Mr. Johnston is represented by counseel (the Hon. A. Rutledge, Q.C.), and Messrs. illatkesou end Gray are at liberty to. employ legal assistantce should they think it necessary to do so. So far they harve not taken adveasntage of their rights in this reopect. The sittings of the inquiry ura open to mem bers of both HEouses, a conideable number of whom watehI the proceedings daily; but the public are not admitted. The inquiry is not likely to -be conoluded before next week, and the report will probabhly not be forthcoming before the end of the month. We remind our rendern lIe the Gardeno Fete end Village Fair, held under.eha aneploes of St. PFnl'a Anglcaln Churoh, will commence to-dayr, and will be continures during the two following dayr, from 3 o'clook in the afternoon ountil 10 in tIe evening. The openiDng ceremony is to toke pioec at 4 o'clock this afternoon, and will Le performed by Mr. H. T. Maofarlane, Police Magietreto. Four large stalls--general, aweetmPate, refrebsh mendt, and flower-will be provided, and the roeonds are to be illuminated by gas and Chinese lanterns. Hatocck's BRnd w?tll hte In atteodance, and contribhte eeslectonoe euing the evening. A concert is to be given in the sobhool-room each evenarg, when the Ipswich Orebestral Scciety affi render aeme popular seleotions. A reheareal took plsat last even aing, when a number of the items to be contri hatsed during the fair were erool1qtly ren dered. The Maypole dance will also eompriae one of the m no forms of amousement to be provided, as willaleo several interesting tab leau Entertainmeote. The price of admission has been tied at a very reasonable Soee, andr as the amausements areto.he nomerons and various, and the tables will' be bocotifolly laden with useful articlhs-of almost every des aription, a very large attendnod'ie expLoeed. QoEeNSoaow has the boneor ofhaving pgo duoed the ahampion heavy ox of Asntralia. At the lateAdelaideshow Mhssre Smith, Dsbney, and Co., of MonkiraStation, Qleeneland, eahi bited a bease which turned the soalo atleBilb. The age and breed of thes prodioons animal are not stated. Sic pears ago a bulloch weigh. inog 2926lb. was shborn at Adelaide by MI..J B. Angas, and wans sold for £45. We woold draw the attention of firmera of the Grantham distrit to a trialoe a new lhbour eaving implement-the Aome polveripnig hare row, clod.orabsher, and leveller-which is to tahe place on Mr. B. Pollootk's farm. Ma Mi Cre k, on Satlnrday nert. We have n donbt that the trial will'be of general' interest to farmers, as the machine; which was eeooreld' ehrongb the aganoy of MIseare. Cribb and Fnote, is said to materially 1tseen the ont of'produo tieon-a most important consideration in view of the low prices generally ruling for agriotl taral produoo. We regret to have eto record the death of?? another old residunt of this town in the person of Mr. James Borton, of Mortimer street, whose demese took plane at a quarter to 8on Sunday evening last. TIhe decesued,.though' ahble to get about at times, had been an acute afforer for the past two years, his nilme?be having, it Is thought; been the result of a severe cold contreoted soeme time ago. Though everything in the way of medical atteedanos and tendir nursing was fortheoming they were of no avail, end Mr.-Horton expired at the time stated,.the immediate oase of death be. 'ing'due to btenorrhage. The deoeased' was employed for' many yearn by the Ilowioh an Company and also at the Waterworks. He was of a quiet and unassaming dlesposition,a? w?a greatly respeaotesd by atll wnoo knew him. He leaves a widow and two children--- son and a daughter-boh h of whom are grow. up; at' mooh nympathy is expressed for them in their bereavement. Theufneral took place on Mon day afternoon, when a goodly number of per. eons followed the remains to their last reM~ie, place. The Rev . M. J. Barry oficiated at the grave. 