The Sydney Morning Herald. MONDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1895. A collision occurred in the harbour yesterday between the large steamer Indrani and the Ameri- can ship Alameda. The steamer struck the Alameda on the port side, and cut right through her plunking, allowing the water to rush in freely. The ship was in tow at the time, and, as she became waterloggcd, was taken to Johnstone's Bay and beached The damage to the Indrani was not serious. On Friday the German Emperor unveiled a statue to the late Emperor Frederick at Worth, the scene of one of the most memorable battles in the Franco German War. During his speech the Emperor said "We younger Germans swear to keep the Reichsland against all dangers, so help us God and our German swords ". The Premier says that the Government pur- poses this week to finish the Public Service Bill and the Mining Laws Amendment Bill. Military preparations are being carried on with feverish haste by the Russian War Office, with the object of supporting an energetic policy in the East. Troops are being despatched from St Peters- burg, and 80,000 men are massed in the neigh- bourhood of the River Amur in Eastern Siberia. It is generally believed that Russia desires to annex Corea. Great Britain has issued an ultimatum to the Republic of Venezuela for causing the arrest of the frontier police of British Guiana. Mr. Chamberlain, Secretary of Slate for the Colonies, recently ordered some Maxim guns to be sent to the western frontier of British Guiana, where it was expected that a Venezuelan force would cross. The colonial authorities, however, declined to meet the expenses. Sixty casks of South Australian wine, bearing the Government certificate, have been rejected as inferior by Mr. E Burney Young, manager of the South Australian wine and produce depot in London. The Garibaldi Gold-mining Company, Hill- grove, has been floated in London, with a capital of £50,000. A working capital of £20,000 has been provided. The Earl of Rosebery declares that the Liberal party must oppose, without possibility of com- promise any attempt to disturb the present settle- ment of the education question. With the view of strengthening the Turkish Government in carrying out the projected reforms the Ambassadors at Constantinople of the six great Powers have asked the Armenian Patriarch at Constantinople to stop the agitation on the part of the Armenian population. It is reported that the English mission chapels at Chang-pu, south east of Amoy, China, have been destroyed by rioters. The mandarins are said to have declined to interfere. James Corbett the American pugilist, has been arrested at Hot Springs, New York, where he was arranging for the fight with R. Fitzsimmons. Fifty persons have been drowned in consequence of a collision on the Nile at Cairo between a ferry boat and a river steamer. Splendid developments continue to take place in the Maritana mine, Kalgoorlie. A start has been made to drive on the course of the lode. At the Water Police Court on Saturday eight seamen of the Tekapo were sentenced to seven days' imprisonment for having refused duty. The wreck of a large new iron ship has been found on one of the Auckland islands to the south of New Zealand. There was nothing to indicate the name of the vessel. All hands had evidently been lost. The Tasmanian Legislative Council has rejected the Bank of Van Diemen's Interest Release Bill on the ground that the measure was not generous enough. General Ducheane, the Commander-in-Chief of the Trench forces in Madagascar, intends to gar- rison Antananarivo, the capital, with black troops. The Hovas are returning to their villages. The behaviour of the French troops since the capture of the capital has been exemplary. Instructions have been given by the Minister for Works to his officers to push on with the prepara- tion of the plans and specifications of the works for which provision has been made in the Loan Bill, so that tenders may be called shortly. The first exhibition of the Society of Artists was ended yesterday afternoon. Tho gallery was thrown open to public inspection free of charge. Mr. H. Oxenham's Waterfall won the race for the Caulfield Cup on Saturday. Seventeen friendly societies were represented in the Hospital Sunday demonstration yesterday. The movement was a thorough success. The Hon. E Combes, C.M.G., M.L.C., died at his residence, Glanmire Hall, near Bathurst, on Friday in his 65th year. Mr George Leitch produced his drama "The Land of the Moa," at the Theatre Royal on Saturday night. Stephen Morgan, the "sleeping man" was awakened by Professor Kennedy, at the School of Arts, on Saturday night. He had slept 122¾ hours. The exhibition Building was crowded on Satur- day night, when Messrs. Fitzgeralds' New London Company opened their season. Mr Joseph Lottie was brutally murdered near Bundaberg, Queensland, on Saturday. It is be- lieved that the crime was perpetrated by kanakas. Business in the Stock and Share market on Saturday was confined to transactions in North Shore Ferry and Australian Gaslight shares at the previous prices. Little business was done in the Import market on Saturday. The arrivals of wool at Sydney on Saturday by rail and coastwise numbered 6526 bales. A moderate business was done in the Mining market on Saturday. On Saturday the Customs receipts amounted to £2699. Towards this the 10 per cent ad valorem duty contributed £846 and the 15 per cent £119. All those who followed the course of the debate in committee on the new Public Service Bill - a task which it must be admitted, involved no little exercise of intelligence - must have been struck, by two widely differing but prominent features of the discussions. One is the clinging desire on the part of a section of members, in spite of spasmodic revulsions to retain to them selves the advantages of political patronage, and the other and far more important result is the magnitude and responsibility of the labours that await the new Board. In his criticisms of the bill Mr. M'Millan de- scribed its drafting as "masterly;" and there can be no doubt that as an honest attempt to dispel the clouds which, rightly or wrongly,have for so many years overhung the service, the measure goes far. Its vital principles strike at undue influence of every kind, make for economy and system as against extravagance and reckless haphazard, and will conduce to the best intelligence of the country being placed at the service of the State under very, different con- ditions from those previously existing. The Civil servant of the future will be under no illusions. Entering State employment by means of an examination which nothing but his own proficiency will have enabled him to emerge from suc- cessfully, the new bill ought to convince him that he has little prospect except in indus- try and ability, and the display of precisely the same qualities that count in every private employment. And each stop upward will be gauged by the same test. The absolute certainty of tenure will vanish, for the bill provides that, with a falling off in efficiency war- ranting the Board in reducing salaries by a stated percentage, engagements may be terminated, and every officer, by insuring, will become his own superannuation fund. Foi providing these sound conditions of State employment the bill deserves all the praise that has been bestowed upon it from opposite political quarters ; and if mere "masterly" drafting can revolutionise a system that has steadily grown up, there can be very little doubt that the bill will accomplish the widely-desired consummation. Without at all saving that it will not - indeed, we may look with some confidence to this, the best thought out measure of Civil Service reform we have yet had, fulfilling its pur- pose ultimately - it is obvious that very much of the desired result will depend upon the Board. The debates in the House have made it clear that it is the Board as much as the bill which is looked to to provide the interpretative controlling spirit without which all the safeguarding clauses might be worse than useless. It is the Board that will have to lop away useless posts, to retrench the elaborately and uselessly busy, to combine offices, and quicken all the wheels of departmental industry. It is small wonder that the three prospective Commissioners were sym- pathetically described as likely to be " the three best-hated men in the country." And yet it is just this shrewd anticipation of the reputation of the Commissioners that makes the bill so largely dependent upon them. The bill provides all the adequate machinery for reform ; the Commissioners will have to breathe into it life and direction. Leaving the main principles of the bill, the debate revealed some minor defects, which Mr. Reid has shown every willing- ness to remedy. The clause providing that no married woman should find a resting-place in the public service was the most pro- minent blot on the measure ; and its discussion brought to light some of those curious political obliquities which occa- sionally beset the legislative mind. For it was demonstrated that some of the most ardent supporters of that hazy quantity, "women's rights," were the bitterest opponents to women having any in this connection, or at any rate to their acquiring them unless they remain in a state of cold and ungracious spinster- hood. Whether this opposition from the women's champions was due to the fact sometimes wickedly suggested by the Philistine, that the "advanced" woman spurns matrimony as trifling with the realities of life, or whether it was the outcome of a narrow desire to confine all employments within as limited a circle as possible, it was equally unjust and absurd. A married woman who works for the State may be presumed to have realised all the condi- tions of her employment and the possi- bility of her fulfilling them before com- peting; and whether she has or not, her mistakes will not save her from the conse- quences. To say, as was said time after time, that every married woman should be maintained in comfort by her hus- band is a piece of Pecksniffian philosophy which is offered as a general principle ought not to be received with anything but ridicule at this time of day. A woman may have a drunken or dissolute husband, one who is in gaol 0r who has deserted her. It would be intolerable that she should be debarred from earning her living through such circumstances, and that the State should add to private misfortune a statutory one. But even if these considerations are mainly sentimental, there is a principle at stake which the bill professes to, and in most parts does, enforce. This is that the State should know neither fear nor favour in the selection of its servants, and should make the standard of effi- ciency the sole test. Then, surely, if a woman can demonstrate her capability it is stultifying that principle to even ask whether she is married or single The same remarks apply to the veto on husband and wife both being employed by the State except in the Education Department. The clinging desire to retain the vestiges of political patronage that has been referred to was instanced in the attempts to exclude the Education and Public Works Departments from the control of tho board. It is creditable to the common sense of the House as a whole that those attempts were defeated, but that they were made demonstrates how tardily the old order changeth. It is difficult for a certain kind of our Parliamentary intellect to relinquish the doubtful privilege of "working" a friend into the service, and though members protest loudly against the incessant pres- sure brought to bear on them, their speeches, as in the case of the recent debate, sometimes betray them. The proposal to make casual employment continuous was another effort to keep in the thin end of the patronage wedge ; but that too was seen through and rejected. There can be no reasons to exempt the two branches referred to that would not apply equally as well to all the Departments. The new board, which is to be as cold as charity and as free from suspicion as Caesar's wife, will not find any more difficulty in dealing with appointments to the Works and Education departments than with others, and possibly no one really believed so. For the rest, the discussions on the clauses were generally sensible and very much to the point. The luminous proposal to appoint three Com- missioners who had never been in the service was promptly scouted as was the unfair suggestion that officers who have done their work well and honestly for a number of years should be compelled to pass an examination. This was as in- equitable and illogical as the opposition to clerks of Petty Sessions who had served seven years being eligible for appointment as police magistrates. But allowing for the natural tendency to go to extremes to oscillate between sentimentality and Dra- conian severity, the bill was settled in a commendably non-party spirit ; and if it can only be carried out in the spirit in which it has been drafted and revised, it ought to have far reaching effects on the good government and finances of the colony. The recent release in mining stocks on the London Stock Exchange is suggestive of unpleasant results of speculative enter- prise in gold-mining companies. This must be understood as something entirely distinct from gold-mining industry. Never was there a time when there was greater need for the pursuit of gold. Everyone knows that more of the metal is required to supplement the monetary requirements of the nations of the world. And the most effective stimulus possible is supplied by the increase in value of each ounce procured. It has been instrumental in extending mining operations at all the principal centres, and, indeed, in promoting the search for new mines in every part of the globe. In America the yield of gold last year was enlarged. The South African mines now yield 200,000 oz. per month, the output having steadily risen almost month by month for the past few years. Australia last year furnished a larger supply. And India and Russia likewise are now yielding more abun- dantly, so that the production of the metal promises this year to reach £10,000,000. Moreover, as the search extends, some of the processes for the extraction of gold are being simplified and cheapened. One which it was not profitable to treat in the past can now be made to yield remunerative results. While, however, the monetary require- ments of the world add to the undoubted importance of the gold mining industry, and make it one which is worthy of legiti- mate encouragement, it is true now as it ever has been that those who spend their money to promote it need to be extremely cautious of the particular undertakings to which they give their support. There are gold mines and gold mines - the real and the imaginary - those which yield the metal, and those which absorb it. And while the former are of general advan- tage, the latter are a snare. They not only produce no gold, but they create occupations inimical to the prosperity of the community. We are told that the New South Wales loan the other day yielded £40,000 less than it would have done had there not been a relapse in mining shares. For months post the London press has been warning investors of the risks they incur in putting money in such ex- tensive amounts in South African and Australian mining properties. One authority says that "London's mining excitement has assumed a form which has had no parallel since the speculative rail- road craze in the forties " And when we find that within the past two or three years companies have been formed in England with capital to the amount of over £30,000,000 to which late additions have been at the rate of £3,000,000 to£4,000,000 per month, to search for gold in Western Australia, it can hardly be said there is not justification for criticism, especially when it is remembered that the yield of the metal in that colony has so far only increased to about £1,000,000 per annum. Should many of the companies formed in London fail of success, as anticipated, no doubt the chief part of the loss will fall on British capitalists. But while the expen- diture of money in search for gold in Western Australia will result, doubtless, in the opening up of the country to other pursuits, even where gold is not found, and thus some advantage will arise from the outlay, there is too much reason to fear that considerable disturbance will be created in Australia. What all this enterprise signifies to us is important. Of course at present every- thing is booming. The population of Western Australia has increased, and there has been a very large addition to the public revenue. The amount of capital subscribed in England indicates that there will be a considerable extension of mining operations, which will give prosperity, real or apparent, according to the results. A number of the mines will no doubt give more or less profitable returns. But if the anticipa- tions of British critics are realised, and many of the mines fail, there will be trouble. In the circumstances the Government of the Western colony cannot be too cautious in its expenditure of the annual income or of the loan funds at its disposal. Any undue outlay by a colony of which the backbone consists of a speculative gold-mining industry will inevitably cause em- barrassment. It has been alleged in England that the reefs only hold pockets of gold. This has been denied. But in any case, until the per- manence of the mines or some of them is assured, loan expenditure for the construc- tion of railways cannot be said to have a certain foundation for ultimate success. The Government of the Western colony is thus charged at present with a much more than ordinary measure of responsi- bility. While everything is rose-colour, and the stock of the colony brings a higher price than that of any of the older colonies of Australia, there is a strong temptation to borrow. If this be resisted, and the Government judiciously husbands its resources until it is ascertained whether the thousands of men who have flocked to the shores of the colony have arrived to stay, the calamity of possible failure may be mitigated. Should it be found that these miners and others who obtain pay from the millions being subscribed in England are engaged in unprofitable enterprise, they will be turned adrift without work, and may thus seriously embarrass the Government. The possible consequences are not pleasant to contemplate. Although three or four thousand miles away from Western Australia, the Eastern colonies are deeply concerned in the results of its mining enterprise. Hitherto the golden discoveries there have furnished some relief to the over- supplied labour markets of South Australia, Victoria, and New South Wales. So large in additional expenditure as that of the millions sub- scribed by English capitalists will almost inevitably draw others from these colo- nies. And until labour conditions are more settled that will not be a calamity. On that account the pro- specting of Western Australia with British capital can be viewed with greater satis- faction here than elsewhere. But none the loss is it true that those who go will do well to consider the possible conse- quences of failure. If the funds give out, as inevitably they will where mining properties are unproductive, they may have to return. Even thus, perhaps these colo- nies can view the future with unconcern, for sooner or later when they have re- covered from the effects of over borrowing and the populations have adjusted them- selves to altered conditions, they will need immigration, as in former years, and re- turned miners from Western Australia will be welcomed. AUSTRALIAN PRODUCE IN ENGLAND. - In this issue we publish another letter from our special commissioner in London. The contribution deals in an interesting manner with the Smithfield Market and the uncertainty that surrounds London quotations. THE GOVERNMENT AND THE EXEMPTIONS. - The Premier states that as the outcome of the meeting of members of the freetrade party held on Thurs- day last he has been waited on by Messrs. M'Millan, Varney Parkes, and Angus Cameron Ms.L.A., who were chosen by the meeting to lay its views before the Government. Mr. Reid says that no mention was made of the exemptions, and the simple request was preferred that the Government should not take any irrevocable step in regard to the taxation measures and the Council without first taking the members of the freetrade party into its confi- dence. It is pointed that the fact of Mr M'Millan being' a member of the deputation that waited on Mr. Reid, and also having taken part in the meeting of the party, goes to show that Mr. M'Millan has definitely ranged himself with the supporters, of the Government. If he were not member of the party he could not attend meetings of Government supporters and interview the Premier as one of them. GOVERNMENT BUSINESS BEFORE PARLIAMENT FOR THIS WEEK. - The Premier says the Government purposes this week to finish the Public Service Bill and the Mining Laws Amendment Bill. The Elec-- toral Act Amendment Bill will also probably be taken up. This will be substantially the same measure as was introduced just prior to the disso- lution of last Parliament. To-morrow the Premier will move for the House to go into committee to consider the expediency of introducing, the Federal Enabling Bill, but he does not propose to take the discussion at this stage. Whilst leaving the utmost latitude to any hon. member who wishes to speak on the subject, Mr Reid says he does not propose to make his main speech on the introduction of the measure. He will make it on moving the second reading. Mr Reid thinks that by this time members should have made up their minds about the bill, as it his been before the public now for months. The measure the Government intends to submit is practically the same as that drawn up by the meeting of Premiers at Hobart. There are one or two slight alterations, the only important one being that the Government proposes to have a longer adjournment between the completion of the draft bill by the Convention and its final revision by the same body. Instead, of the period being from 30 to 60 days, it will be extended to from 60 to 90 days. Mr Reid says the Government has in view as its reason for prolonging this period of ad- journment the advisability of calling both Houses of Parliament together in a special session if necessary to give an opportunity to members of both Chambers to express their judgment on the drift bill before the Convention finally deals with it. The Premier expresses much satisfaction at the progress being made with legislation by the Lower House, but he regrets that the Legislative Council is spending so much time over the second reading of the Assessment Bill. THE RYLSTONE ELECTION. - At the last general election at Rylstone, when the informalities occurred in the voting papers, 12 days elapsed from the date of polling before the voting papers were despatched to the custody of the Clerk of the Legislative Assembly, as prescribed by law. At the election for Rylstone just held this work has been done in four days. PUSHING ON WITH PUBLIC WORKS. - The Minister for Works (Mr. J. H. Young) states that he has given instructions to his officers to push on as quickly as possible with the preparation of the plans and specifications of all the works for which provision has been made in the Loan Bill, in order that tenders may be called as early as possible. It is hoped that this will be possible to be done, at least with some of the principal works, in about a week. THE RAILWAY COMMISSIONERS. - The Railway Commissioners left last night for Tamworth, from which point they will go over the proposed route of the railway line from Tamworth to Manilla and Barraba. The length of the proposed line is about 60 miles. The Commissioners will probably be absent for the greater part of the week. RAILWAY EXCURSIONISTS. - A considerable num- ber of excursionists reached Sydney on Friday night from Melbourne and the main Southern line, between 600 and 700 people arriving by the excur- sion train. During the week the traffic towards Melbourne has been fairly brisk, a number of Sydney people visiting Melbourne in connection with the Caulfield Cup Meeting. HAWKESBURY AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE. - In reference to the abolition of entrance examinations at the Hawkesbury Agricultural College we are requested to state that a certificate from either a public or a private school showing fair competency in reading, writing, and arithmetic will be accepted as sufficient to entitle an applicant to admission to the college. GOULBURN WATERWORKS. - On Saturday morn- ing a telegram was received at the Works Depart- ment from Goulburn, stating that something had gone wrong with the Goulburn Waterworks, and asking the department to send up an engineer to investigate the matter. Mr. Young gave instruc- tions for an officer of the department to be sent to Goulburn at once. MAJOR GENERAL HUTTON. - A telegram was re- ceived in Sydney on Saturday evening, stating that Major General Hutton and party, who left Broken Hill on Saturday, the 12th instant, had reached Hay, having done the journey of 358 miles across country on horseback in eight days. The General will arrive in Sydney to-morrow morning. ENMORE POST-OFFICE. - At a meeting of the Newtown Council on Thursday evening, the Major (Alderman H. T. Morgan) said he noticed the Enmore post-office still bore the official de- signation of " Stanmore-road " post office. He had caused a letter to be sent to the Postmastcr General on the matter, requesting that it be officially called Enmore Post-office. A motion by Alderman J.F. Smith, - " That the Mayor's action be approved and endorsed," was carried unanimously. THE WEATHER. - A STORM ON LAKE GEORGE. - High temperatures were prevalent all over the colony on Saturday and again yesterday, with a prospect of tropical heat to-day and scattered thunderstorms. We learn from Mr. Russell that the greatest sudden change in the level of the water in Lake George that has ever been recorded occurred at 5am on Sunday, 13th October, when a violent wind from the north caused a change of level in the water of the lake of 2ft in 1 hour and 12 minutes. It will be readily understood that the force to produce such a result must have been tremendous, for theo lake is 15 miles long and from 2 to 5 miles wide, and it is also obvious that the transport of such a body of water as is represented by 2ft over the surface of the lake in the short period of 1 hour and 12 minutes must have produced very strong currents, and evidence of their force is found in the fact that two jetties were entirely washed away. It will be remembered that the forecast on October 11 spoke of local squalls, but this is the most violent of all those reported. EARTHQUAKE SHOCKS. - Sir Charles Todd, Government Astronomer in South Australia, reports that two slight shocks of earthquake were felt at Port Darwin at 4.19 a.m. on the 17th instant. MAIL STEAMERS. - The Orient liner Cuzco, after landing her London passengers at the Quarantine Station in Port Philip, cleared the Heads for Sydney yesterday at a quarter past noon, and will arrive here to-morrow. An alleged outbreak of smallpox having occurred on board, the Cuzco will of course be quarantined at this port on arrival, the crew and remaining passengers landed, the ship disinfected, and later on towed up to the wharf to discharge her cargo. To-day the Canadian liner Miowera will sail hence for Vancouver with 40 passengers. Viscount Suirdale, the Hon. W.L. and Mrs Allardyce, and the Hon George Smith are passengers. The Oruba will leave the Orient Company's wharf, for London, at 1 p.m. to day. A cable from San Fran- cisco to the Union S.S. Company states that the Alameda, in the A. and A. route, sailed for Sydney at 2 pm on Thursday last, her schedule date. QUEENSLAND GOLD. - A shipment of 11,365 oz. of gold, the product of Queensland mines, and valued at £38,781, arrived last night by the steamer Aramac. THE NEW HEBRIDES. - The French newspaper LeCourrier des Nouvelles Hebrides, of 30th Septem- ber last, just to hand, reports that a petition has been addressed to the French Parliament by the French residents of the New Hebrides calling attention to the situation created by the Conven- tion of 1887. They complain that they have no rights of property, they have no civil status as have the English, the French markets are closed to them by Customs tariffs, they cannot maintain a school, and a provisional government set up by them has been dissolved by the mixed commis- sion. " Messieurs Senators, Messieurs Deputies," the petition concludes, "150 Frenchmen, the majority of whom have wives and children, implore you." The death at Noumea of M. Trouin, a trader of Port Vila, is announced. The murderer of M. Rossi has been taken by the gunboat Scorff to Noumea. Before the ship left the missionary came aboard and told the com- mandant that the natives had ordered him to leave under threat of serving him like Rossi. Tho Council of the Societe Francaise has voted a yearly subsidy of 1200 francs (£48) towards carry- ing on a French school in the New Hebrides. IMPORTANCE OF THE SOUTH SEA ISLAND TRADE. - The Governor of New Caledonia, M. Feillet, has just caused to be published a number of interesting statistics of the export trade of some of the chief islands in the Southern Pacific. The document refers to Fiji in the first instance, and mentions that from the German settlement in New Britain in 10 months there were shipped 2400 tons copra, 290 bales cotton (a new thing), 10 tons beche-de-mer, and 150 tons ivory nut. The Fiji group is referred to as the most pro- ductive in the South Seas. The Gilbert Islands last year exported £15,300 of copra, shark fins, and ivory nut. Tonga Group exported £79,000 of copra. Speaking of the shipping employed in the transport of the cargoes from these places, M. Feillet regrets that French owned shipping have no share in this commerce. The trade is done principally by British ships, after which come German, Swedish, Norwegian, and Danish vessels. He suggests that a line of French-owned sailing vessels should enter into this trade, as a substantial proportion of the products go to Dunkirk, Havre, and Mar- seilles THE CHARGE AGAINST A SOLICITOR. - The charge against Thomas Ernest Rofe, solicitor, of con- spiracy, will be taken at the Central Criminal Court to- day. We understand the prisoner will be defended by Mr Barton, Mr Heydon, and Dr Coghlan. ACCIDENTS IN THE HARBOUR. - Yesterday as the yacht Thelma was crossing Farm Cove she ran into the pinnace belonging to H.M.S. Mil- dura. The Pixie, another sailing boat, was also in collision with the unlucky launch. While these misfortunes were happening close to Fort Macquarie Point, a little excitement occurred alongside the German cruiser Bussard. In putting one of the ship's boats in the water the fall carried away, and the men were thrown into the water. FALL FROM A BALCONY. - A man named Patrick Tallion, aged 51, yesterday was seized with a fit at his residence in Oxford-street and fell over a a balcony 15ft in height. He was taken to the Sydney Hospital and admitted by Dr Forsyth, who found he had received a severe scalp wound and other injuries. A FALL FROM A LADDER. - While a man named Joseph Toomey was engaged in whitewashing his house at Oxford street yesterday he fell a dis- tance of 7ft from a ladder, and was severely bruised, receiving a compound fracture of one wrist. He was treated at St Vincent's Hospital. A REMARKABLE INCIDENT. - On Saturday afternoon a man, who appeared to be 30 years of ago, 5ft 7in or 5ft 8in in height, and who was dressed in dark clothes was seen by three men to walk into the sea, near the mouth of the Curl Curl lagoon, about 4 four miles from Manly. The three men who saw him were Alfred Howlett, of Greendale ; James Runcie, of Devonshire-street, Surry Hills; and George Runcie, of John-street, Surry Hills. The man at the time had no boots or socks on. When he got beyond his depth he swam a distance of about 70 yards, and was visible for 15 or 20 minutes, then he sank, and was not seen again. Mr Howlett gave the alarm to the Manly police, who searched for the body, but without success SUDDEN DEATH. - Alfred F. Pierce, residing with his family at 139 Eveleigh- street, Redfern, was in good health when his wife left him in his room at 5.30 yesterday evening. A few minutes after his daughter, about 16 years of age, had oc- casion to go into his room, and found her father in what she thought was a fit. Dr Fitzpatrick was sent for, but on his arrival Mr Pierce was dead. BODY OF A MAN FOUND IN PARRAMATTA RIVER. - The body of a man was, found floating in the Parramatta River, near Ferry street Wharf, Hunter's Hill, yesterday morning. It had the appearance of having been in the water about five or six hours. It was conveyed by the Water Police to the North City Morgue. The following is a description of the body:- About 60 years of ago, 5ft 5¾in in height, dark complexion, grey hair, beard, and moustache, blind in the left eye dressed in black cloth sac coat, brown check vest, and grey tweed trousers. In our Parliamentary report of Thursday last, in some remarks by the Premier in regard to the ex- penditure on stores, the word "stores" was printed with a capital "S," thereby making it appear that the Stores Department was referred to. The word should have been printed with a small "s" as will be seen from Mr Reid's remark. He said:- "There is no part of the public expenditure which requires vigilant overhauling more than this very thing which the hon. member wishes to leave out. Thousands of pounds are wasted by extravagant demands for stores. There is a Government stores department, and it is right that the board should have full control of the method of getting Govern- ment supplies." The fourth annual meeting in connection with the Labour Home will be held in the institution, 557 Harris-street, to-day, at 4 p.m. The Lieutenant- Governor has promised to preside. Among those who will take part in the meeting are the Primate Sir Joseph Abbott, and Mr Brunker (the Colonial Secretary). The massed bands of the 1st and 2nd Garrison Divisions, Artillery, will play in the pavilion, Hyde Park, at 8 o'clock this evening, under the direction of Mr. Hutchinson. The report of the Benevolent Asylum for the week ended 16th October shows that the total num- ber of cases relieved was 763, represents 2671 adults and children. A meeting was held at Wahroonga on Saturday night, Mr C.H Hayes being in the chair. Pre- liminary steps were taken to form a local progress association. A further meeting will be held. 