SUMMARY. The Imperial Government -will, not ap point a member of the House of Commons to succeed the late Sir Robert Duff. Sir Henry R. Loch is mentioned as likely to be appointed Governor of New South Wales. Sir Charles Dilke, Sir Henry James, Mr. Mundella, and Mr. Ckilders have offered to arbitrate in the boot trade difficulty. Mr. T. B. Curran, a native of Sydney, made his maiden speech in the House o£ Commons on Wednesday. The death Is announced of Prince Walde- mar of Lipne. aged 71. The "Pall Mall Gazette" nays tho common opinion is that Lord Itonebery's illness must compel him to resign the Premiership. A company is being formed In London to utilise t.iio inferior portions of Australian meat in making special dishes for the poorer classes. "The Time:;" 3ays that a section of the Egyptian press, which is under French pro tection, is creating a grave danger by as serting that Slatin Bey is an English spy. The tone of tho London butter market la improving,- ami stocks o£ Danish, are dimin ishing. The North Queensland Mines Agency, London, has sold tho Black Make goldmine for £50,000 cash and £150,000 in shares. A ballot of tho Welsh coalmlners has ®e- sulted in a largo majority being against a proposed demanded advance of 10 per cent., and the threatened strike is likely to he averted. The Spanish cruisnr Infanta has fired at and disabled the American schooner Irene, in Charlotte Harbor, Florida, Fifteen tons of dynamite exploded on board the barquo Elizabeth, at Wesel, Rhe nish Prussia, killing 25 persons, sinking three other vessels, and wrecking a number of dwellings. Several critical cases of diphtheria have been, very effectively treated in Bathurst with anti-toxin. A miner named Maxwell "was killed in the Greta colliery on Wednesday by a fall of coal. For the University matriculation tbero were 141 candidates, of whom 111 passed, aud the general standard of proficiency was higher than in previous examinations. The results of tho recent University ex amination.; arc published to-day. The hearing of the charge of wife poison ing against George Dean, of the North Shore Ferry steamer .'Possum, was con tinued at the North Sydney Court yester day. Tho strike at Hudson Bros.', Clyde, con tinues, and there are nt present no indica tions of a speedy settlement. The management at Hudson Bros.' Works have not yet engaged hands t.o replace the strikers, and yesterday the machinery was going at half-speed only. it is believed that Hudson Bros., Limited, may close their works for a time if they cannot, replace the strikers with skill ed labor. - Mercantile operations were chiefly of a retail nature yesterday. The wool sales yesterday maintained tho same (one noticeable the previous day, and the London wool sales show contiuued buoyancy. On the Svdnev Stock Exchange yesterday an active business was tram-acted. Bank shares showed improvement, and tho Broken-hill mines were firmer. Mr. Drunker stated in the Assembly yes terday that aiTang'unonls had been made to dispense with the immigration officer, and for his duties to be discharged by ;t clerk in the (.'hiof .Sccrr,tary\s !> p.irlmeni. The ex-colonial warship Wolverene, whose first voyage as a merchantman began so unfortunately, has put into Au.-kland, Ir«>U-..- . ins. Shortly after the Wolverene loft Sydney for Liverpool she encountered a gale, ami sprang a leak, and the crow insisted mi the vessel being taken to the nearest pori. The number of caller?; at. Government House continues very largo, and messages of condolence are still being received by Lady Duff. The system nf attaching postal-boxes to suburban trninears will be begun on 1st prox. At Broken-bill yesterday Walter Sully, a storekeeper, and Harold Sweetapple, his manager, were lined in all about £07 5s for a breach of the Explosives Act. Tfc is believed to be certain that tho La nib I on collic- ry will be shut, down to morrow for a:t indefinite period. There is not likely to be trouble at the Wickkam and Bullock Island colliery, as the management, do not. intend to alter tha method of working the seam. The picketing of the Back Creek colliery, Minini, has been b»-gun by the miners on strike. At Newcastle yesterday Matthew James Dawson, formerly local manager for Wil liam Howard Smith and Sons. Limited, was committed for trial, on bail, on a charge of falsifying returns of cheques. Edward William Bull, formerly accoun tant. to William Howard Smith and Sons, at Newcastle, was committed for trial yes terday, charged with falsifying entries of payments for the carriage ot wool. Police Superintendent Parkin, of Denili- quin, is about to be transferred to Sydney to take chargo of flic detecMvo branch of tho police service. Tho second reading of t.ho Local Govern ment Bill was moved in tho Assembly by, the Premier last night, and tho debate was adjourned till Wednesday next. Tbo Assembly last, night read tho Medical Bill a second (line, and the measure was formally Laken into committee. Tho Legislative Council last night re solved to postpone the consideration of tha Land and Income Tax Bill till after tho financial policy of the Government had been declared, but Mr. Want will mako his se cond reading speech on Wednesday week. A man named John Geary died last nigb€ at his home in Bullanaming-strcet, Redfern after having taken a dose of sheepwash. Mr. O'Sullivan moved the adjournment of the Assembly yesterday to call atten tion to the need of relieving selectors in regard r.o tho payment of annual instal ments and interest. At the Redfern Court, yesterday, Alexan der Walker was sentenced to four months' imprisonment, with hard labor, for ill- treating two of his children by unmerci fully thrashing thorn. The Public Works Committee yesterday further considered tho scheme for the Im provement of Newcastle Harbor, Mr. C. W. Darley being examined. The Land Bill passed through' its com mittee stages In tho Legislative Council last night, but it was ordered to bo re committed. The Assembly will go Into committee on Tuesday to consider tho introduction of a bill to amend the Trades Disputes Act. The Narrabri to Moree Railway Bill was read a first time in the Legislative Council yesterday. A special communication of the Masonic Grand Lodge oC New jsouih Wales last night adopted an address or sympathy with Lady Duff on tho death of the Grand Mas ter, Sir Robert Duff. At liosedalo, neat- Ashilold, last night, two little girls, named Anna and Emily I-Ioare were burned to death in a fire at a weatherboard milage. The Government Statistician's report on hi 1 d i he civil ser- vice superannuation fund has been pub lished. Mr. Coghlan considers that (he civil ser vice superannuation fund shows a defi ciency of £3,000,000, which has a tendency to Increase at the rate of £120,000 a year. A meeting of unionist:; at Hugheiiden (Q.) resolved that rouseabouts should rtrike during the coming shearing season for Jus a week. The shearing is about to begin in the Hugiienden district, Queensland, and pre cautions are being taken against disturb ances. Tho anti-toxin treatment of diphtheria has proved successful in Hobart. .1 woman at. Bothwell recovering In a few Imtjrs after receiving injections into both thighs. 