Pioneer River Farmers Association. General Meeing The annnal general meeting of delegates and members (of the above Association was held in the Britannia Hall on Tuesday last Mr. C. P. Mau (president); occupied the chair and there were present about 90 members, besides manny farmers, who were not members, and a number of the general public. The President, having opened the meeting, read the following address : GENTLEMEN. In my address to you to-day, I. will first briefly refer to the history of our Association, and the progress made since its revival. The Association was first formed in 1888 and soon attained considerable dimensions pay ing away us much as £ 60 in prizes in a show hold in Walkerston. After this through, the general depression exisent throughout the district and other causes it lapsed and remained in abeyance until Mr. Crewley's visit here as Minister for Lands in 1892. when in reply to a deputution of farmers, who waited upon him in Mackay with a petition for the extension of thePolynesian Labor Acts, he asked them the reason that they had no properly organised a body to represent them upon such occasions. It was then at a meeting held at Sandiford - in June of the same year decided to revive the Association, and a fresh start was made with a membership of 16 and by the end of that year it numbered some members, mostly Homebush farmers. During 1893 a branch wns formed called the North Side Branch and one at Eton. It wns then found that the old rules were un suitable for organising a district like this, and a committee composed of delegates from the North Side, Eton and Homebush branches met in Mackay for the purpose of revising tho rules, and the new rules, the result of their labors, have been in force since June, 1893. During this year- the Association considered' it was but due to the agricultural interest that the farmers should be represented, as a body so that requests made by them to the Government for the remedy of grievances, and suggestions, for the improvement of the canegrowers position might be forwarded through the farmers representatives in Parliament and, with this end in . view successfully took part in the political ' ' contest of 1893. During 1894 branches of the Association were formed at Marian, Plane Creek, and Homebush Three-,mile and within the last few days I am glad to hear that still another branch has been formed to be called the Farleigh and' Nindaroo branch. These branches, seven in all with .a membership of over 200. Farmers fairly entitle us to be considered representative of the farmers of this district, but we must not yet rest content. The farmers on the; Nebo Road between Mackay and Walkerston, at Pleystowe, Marian, and Hamilton are as yet unrepresented upon our Council, and I take this opportunity of urging upon the farmers, resident in those localities, the neccitity that exists for forming branches there and. thus helping us in our efforts for the common good with delegates from these branches ' sitting in Council, any resolution that we may pass will bear the impression of having come from the generally representative body of the farmers of the premier sugar district of Queensland. Ans here I may s»y, that I regard the rules providing for the formation of branches throughout the district as one of the most valuable results accruing from the labors of the revision committee ; as these branches are left free to deal with their own local affairs, they can subscribe to agricultural papers and have extracts from them, or papers con tributed by their own members, read at their monthly meetings for mutual information upon farming topics, they can have their own branch ploughing matches and so on ; and these same revised rules provide for a council, composed of delegates from all the branches elected a membership basis of one delegate to each ten members of a branch, meeting quarterly or oftener if a special meeting be called in Mackay for the transaction of business concerning tha Association at large, communicating with the Government, etc. With regard to our financial position, we are unable to boast of any large sum to our credit, but upon our revival we liquidated a few small debts unpaid by .the old association, and since then have boon able to pay our way-. At the present; each branch retains possession of its own subscriptions, paying into the Council Fund last year a levy of I/- per head upon members to defray expenses. And it now devolves upon the branches to consider ' whether it would not be advisable to merge our different branch accounts into one for the purpose of obtaining a Government endow ments so that we might hold a show or ploughting match worthy of the district, or for any other purpose that may be considered or for any other advisable by the Association. I will premise my allusions to the work achieved by our Association by reminding you That a great deal of good work done by the different branches is for the farmers in the vicinity, and being purely local, ans in some instances of a private character, does not come within the scope of my address to you to-day, but, never the less, I know from my own ex perience of the Homebush branch that a great benifit is derived by the farmers from this class class of woek during the year.Amongst the work during the year. Amongst the work for the general good of the farmers accomplished by the Association may be enumerated by the following: In 1892, by our representations to Sir Samuel Griffin, the then Chief Secretary ,we obtained some mitigation of the stringency with which the Polynosian Act was then admisistered, and letters were sent and obtained Insertion in the Queenlansder, Courier and Worker, placing the small growers side of the question in regard to Polynesian labor before the public. An agiicultral conference was hold on the occaaion of a visit to district Mr. McLean, under Secretary, for ASrlonlf,nrc,Agriculture, and Mr. Sheldon, Instructor of Agriculture. papers were contributed at the request of the Association by some of the leading planters, mill owners and farmers of the district, not, only upon sugar and drainage but also upon fibre and other industries, and some of the papers read upon this occasion have since been refered to by the Southern press as authorities upon matters pertaining to the industry. In 1893 the injustice of some of the clauses and regulations contained in the Polynesian Labor Act towards the employer were first discussed and since then a correspondence with the Department, mostly passing through the hand of Mr. J. V. Chataway, had been maintained for the purpose of obtaining some aweliortion, and, althought the most important of our requests , such as the abolishment of the last employer liability, for maintenance and medical attendance upon an overtime boy, have not yet been granted, several minor concessions have been obtained, such as the payment of boys in notes; instead of it being compulsory to pay in gold as was the case previous to August, 1893; and relieving an employer from the necessity of at tending the Inspector's office when paying a boy off. We have received a letter from the department notifying that it would suffice if the employer sent in the amount of wages to the Inspector. Only last month we received through Mr Chataway informing us ? ; :j'!*1^c^™ of prove malingereing or pretended sickness would be dealt with on their merits. in May 1894 on the occasion of the visit of the Premier and the Minister for Mines and Works, a deputation representing the North Side, Homebush, Eton, and Marian farmers was organised by your council for the purpose' of laying before those gentleman our requirements and the unrgent necessity that existed for an increased supply of Polynesian labour. New Guinea being suggested as a suitable recruiting ground. During our interview with Mr. Nelson he distinctly promised to remedy some of our grievances. In this year 300 printed letters urging concerted action were distribution upon the labourt question by your council in this and the other sugar districts of the colony and communication has been established with kindred societies upon : the Herbert and Johnstone Rivers for the purpose of co-operating on subjects concerning the industry at large. Another action on the part of your committee 'first undertaken at the request, of the local branch of the A.W.U. will I think eventuate in a manner that cannot fail to be of benefit, both to the farmer and the white wage earner. I allure to the sub disdevision of reserves not required for other purposes and in suitable localities into residential areas of 5 acres for the purpbse of enabling married men to acquire homes for their families adjacent to their work, there being many mill hands, ploughmen, and other laborers who will thus. be enabled to settle permanently in our midst instead of being compelled to rent houses in the town where they have no convenience for keeping a cow, room for a garden to utilise their spare time in &c.; But as we have important resolutions, for the benefit of the industry throughout the colony to deal with this afternoon, I will conclude my address by referring to some of the work in front of us, work which I hope, every farmer throughout this district will assist us to bring to a successful issue by joining our Association. We must not rest satisfied with the concession recently obtained from the Government re the non-payment of wages to kanakas for time lost through pre tended illness. At the present rate of wages to overtime boys, some of them if they worked every week-day of their engagement would not earn the wage they are receivinc and in paying them far time lost we are payingfor we have not received, and if the Government might wish to cheapen production they can aasist us in this matter without cost to themselves. With regard to the contention' that will. probably be made by the Department tht it will be impossible for the Inspector on behalf of the boy to check time' so lost, a suggestion has been made by our secretary Mr. Chataway and endorsed by the Homebush branch of the Association that seems to meet this objection, and if it meets with your approval it will be forwarded to the Government. More work for the Association, in connection with labor, remission! of duties upon our most important requirements and other matters concerning us all, is foreshadowed in the resolutions, previously, alluded to, and a Drainage Act is also urgently required in a district like ours. Vanilla, Fibre and other industries might also be experimented with by menbers and resulla placed before the Association. In conclusion I have to thank the local press for the aid rendered to the Association in the past and hope that in the future we shall deserving of a continuance of such help. And we must not forget the way in which any business we may have had with government has been transacted for us by the members for this district and I think all farmers present will agree with me when I say that in our junior member we have one who has justly earned his title of a faimers' representative. Mr, Hack moved and Mr. Dunn seconded the adoption of the report, which was carried. The president then called upon Mr. J. V. Chataway M.L.A., for an address. Mr Chataway who was received with loud and prolonged applause, said : — Your Presi dent has said there is a lot of important busi ness to transact: and that is an invitation to me to be brief, and I will be as. short as I can. I see by the programme; that I am to speak on politics as affecting the growers, but so as to be brief; I will touch upon one point only. The farmer as a rule takes very little interest in politics: He is busily engaged from before sunrise to, in most cases, an. hour.or so after sunset in the work of his farm and finds but little time or inclination to to interest himself in the party politics of the country in which he resides. He is essentially a worker and his work is of such a constant labourorious character that his labors are almost almost daily devoted to sleep and recouperating those physical energies which are so needful to the successful proseution of his occupation Neverless, the farmer is the most, important factor in the prosperity of a country. When hard time iti s to agriculture that every one looks to get a 'country out of the mess. Settle people on the Iand is the cry at the present time in queensland. This is the recognision of the fact that the suruest gurantee for the prosperity and stability of a country is to have a popula tion of industrious farmers settled on the soil. It is admitted that nothing is more desirable than a state of things under which an agricultural population is closly settled on the land. Under these circumstances it is extraordinary that agriculture has received such recognition at the hands of any Queens land government as the importance warrants. While the mining and pastoral industries are the subject of special legislation, while scarcely a sessin passes in which some act dealing with these insudtries is not named, agriculture has received no attention. it is true that laterly there has been a department of Agriculture, the paltry funds for which have been doled out by the Parliament in the most niggardly fashion, but it is onlv when we come to compare the action of the Queensland Government with that of other English speaking countries that we see how small a place agriculture has held In the mnds of the ruling powers of Queenland. While admitting that thesuccess of agriculture is most desirable nothing has been done to secure that object. In almost every other country except Queensland action has long ago been taken. One of the most important Departments under the government of the United States is the Bureau of Agriculture,. in Canada equal attention is given to this in industry. There is scarcely a seld governing Colony in the British Empire that does not spend at least three times as much on agriculture as in Japan the latest addition to nations in the front rankings has during the last 10 years has special attention to agriculture establishment training school and experimental farms, all through the dominion, and thereby immensly improved the position of the MlHj^tiiri of the soil.. While Queensland that lags in is it any wonder that but of this area only 250, 000 acres are under cultivation. . There is scarcely any crop that cannot be grown and grown to perfection in Queensland. Speaking at Ravenswood last week, Mr, Jackson . M.L.A. said, " look at the Herberton plateau which would grow coffee, sago, chocolate, sugar, spice ,salt or any bloomig thing, if only the government [laughter ] The miners could stand the chocolate, though they had never seen a chocolate tree, but the salt was too much for them. It is always the mining members who cm teach us all about agriculture. But to be serious, there is scarcely any crop that can notbe grown and grown to perfection in Queensland. Whear grapes, sugar, cereals of all sorts and tropical fruits of everty discription. Why are all these crops gi'own in but comparatively small quantities! Many reasons can be alleged. The want of popula tion— the fact that the immense sums spent on public works attactced men away from the land rather, than to it. But there is one reason more potent than anything: else and that is the apathy, of the fat men them selves. The miners are far less, numerous than the farmers but they get their wants attended to. they hold meetings, they agitate, and finally, they always get their own way. The farmers are not so well situated to do this. They do not limit themselves to 8 hours work a-day, and their scattered habitations do not afford them the same facilities for combination.' I know that organisation is most difficult but what can beo done by persistent effort is to be seen in the gathering that we have here this, afternoon. If the farmers throughout Queensland were' combined in any thing like the same degree as the farmers of the Mackay district, not a year would elapse before Parliament would recognise the necessity for a mlinister for Agriculture and a properly organised depart ment under him. To the officers of your Association belong the credit of having for the first time in Queensland, indeed probably in Australia, awakened farmers out of their lethargy, and shown to them that it is their privilege as well as their duty to take a hand in governing the colony in which they live. Starting from a small beginning from a com parativelv insignificant Association formed at Homebush, your organisation has grown until it has seven branches covering nearly the whole of this fertile district. Valuable papers have been read at your meetings and useful discussion has followed them: But at present the experience communicated, to each other is to a large extent merely local. From the work done and the lessons learnt in other districts you as yet gain no benefit. What I should like to see and what 1 hope I may be spared to live to see, is a Fanners Association having its branches in every farming community in Queensland, awakening the cultivators to the fact that they are the pro ducers, and that they have other privileges except that of paying taxes. I hope to be yet present at a gathering at which not merely members from the various local centres are present, but at which I shall, meet repre sentatives from branches all over the agricul tural portions of the Colony. This is' no. dream. In the United States, where the heavily taxed farmer has found the burden of life loo grivious to be borne, the agriculturall community has formed a party, a party of strenuous endeavor and honest, purpose, a. party which, I believe is the coming power in that country. They call themselves the Populists. Everyday sees additions to their ranks from outsiders who, while not themselves farmers, wish to see justice done to the producers, and cleanly living imported into politics. There are many farmers who doubt the usefulness or desirability of an agricultural department. They are inclined to say that science is of no value and that all the farming a man requires to know in what he learns between the handles of the plough!' There can be no greater mistake. I will read, what the Under-Sccretary of the Department of Agriculture in America said a few years ago:— 'Agriculture -to be permanently suc cessful must lie founded on and conducted according to scientific! principle. As all legis lation not in accordance with fundamental .economic laws, ' will sooner or later fajf in its beneficent purpose, so agriculture without ail intelligent apprehension of its conditions and limitations, without a wise consideration of the laws to which it is subject, without a proper application of every means lo enhance its productiveness will untimately fail to spond lo expectations and will bring disaster to the farmer. Nature cannot be cheated, and her implacable laws will surely find out their transgressors. There is a plague stricken soil as well a plague stricken population Sanitation and vegitation are not accidents ; for both, there are arts that pro mote and that, prevent injury. Science is at the bottom of each. Science is classified knowledge; this knowledge comes from ex-, perieuce and from investigation. It is na im portant to know what has been done as to know what it is possible to do. Science arranges the facts of the former in line and finds a law ; or it investigates, projects itself into the unknown, and discovers other laws or. amplifies those already known. Men who heed these laws avoid mistakes, conserve their energies and double production. The practical farmer too often forgets or ignores what he owes to sciense. He perhaps is sometimes not aware of the obligation. How many farmers, for instance in the temperate zone, would be moved to build a monument to the man or men who invented hay,as adapted to modern use ! Yet in a large sou-io hay, is' a modern discovery, based upon long experiments made in the importation, cultiva tion, and improvement of grasses till then un known to the agriculturist. As recently as the 16th century the average weight of the bullocks bought for the English navy was less than 400 lbs.For want of hay the sheep were mustly killed in November, and such as were left were, with the oxen starved through the winter, so that improvement was impossible. The grass experiments, scientific and practi cal of the Duke of Bedford and others made the 2000 lb bullock possible, by furnishing food for continuous unstinted growth, winter and summer from birth to maturity. It was. by no accident that the few useful grasses upon which are based the livestock and dairy interests in the- magnificent proportion of. the present time were brought from diverse countries and made subserviant to the intersest of mankind. How long it took the world to learn that proper rotation of crops rests the land as effectually as fallowing, thereby having one crop and sometimes two a year ; to learn that the increase of live stock on the farm within and and under certain conditions increases its fertiltiy; to learn that artificial drainage warms and lightens cold and heavy soils, advancing the harvest by weeks and bringing the subsoil to the releif of the improvished surface , by which as some has said we find a new farm under tho old one, or as Emerson so grapjically says "by drainage we have gone to the subsoli, and we have had Concord under Concord, a Middlesex under Middlesex", and a basement story of Massachusetta more valuable than the super structure." These matters were all demonstrated by the application of scientific princlple long before adaption by the world at large. It would be waste of words to continue further any discussion as to what agriculture owes to science but I may take the recent case of Denmark which shows not only the value of scientific schold of agriculture. In that country there are 18 agricultural high schools.hcipntlflo- schouU 'of iigTluiiHimi. In that the teachiong may not have been the hlghest order but at any rate the pupil picked up the crumbs which fell from the table of science. From 1870 to 1880 when the Danish Agriculturall industry was threatened with ruin and the farmers had turend from corn growing to dairying and again In1880 when co- operative dairies dealing with the milk of a score or two of farms were required in order to produce the finer qualities of butter for the English Market, it was the scintific knowledge and the ready intelligence of the old high school pupil that enabled the rewuisite changes to be made with rapidity abd success. *In the 'United States the home of scintific agriculture there are 2312 agricultura; colleges and 47 experimental stations. In Queensland we have not mad e a start with one . In time prepare for war in a good militaryt sense, it is good in a political sense and it is good in an common sense. The farmer who has prepared for the hard timesfor lesser crops and for r adverse seaons will see his troubles through where others go under. Ans this brings me back to my argument that it is the duty of the Goverumrnt to show the farmers how to prepare for war. to instruct them in the latest and the most scientific methods and further that in order to compel the attention of Parliament to their needs it is the dnty of every farmer to take an interest in politics. The fruit is rotting in the South and if there werea proper Department of Agri culturo their fruit and our sugar could be used in canning, and preserving to the mutual benefit of each. We import yearly thousands of cases of preserved milk, but if the Govern ment did its duty the milk in the South and our sugar could supply this preserved milk. The process is a simple one, boiling the sugar and milk m vacuo, and the Government should experiment and establish the industry to the benefit of the dairyman, and the sugar grower Theso are only instances of what These are only instances of what could be done I do not intend to make a fighting speech,m but I would conclude by quoting some very wholesome advice given to the farmers. Mr. Reid, the member for Toowong, probably one of the men who speaks least without thinking on either side of the House.a man will undoubtedly be the future leader of the Socialistic party in the Assembly, said on one occasion (but this is not what 1 particularly want to quote] that if the farmer spent less time gossiping over the fence he would do better. This, however, Mr. Ried afterwords denied saying, and he then said this :—' I do say, as far as this party is concerned, I do not think the Labor party— and I do not say this hurriedly— has anything to gain from the farmers in any way: I do not think the interests of the Labour party and of the farmers run hand in hand, and I have told the farmers and tell them now that if they expect to do anything they should, instead of attaching. themselves, to the Labour or any other' party, form a party of their own out of men who know their wants and are willing to hang together and stick - up for the farmers in spite of Government, Labour party or any other party in the House ." This is really excellent and sound advice, and with it I conclude my few remarks this afternoon. (Loud applause.) \ Mr. Denman moved. — 'That in view .of the increase in the number of canegrowers in this colony and the difficulty of obtaining the necessary labor for field work the Govern ment is hereby requested to renew forthwith, the assisted immigration of agricultural laborers from Europe or endeavor to facilitate the introduction of labor from New Guinea.' In doing so he said that if, as they were told, they would soon have to compete in the world's markets with their sugar, the difficulty would be in their having to pay twice as jnuch for their labour as any other sugar producing country. He hoped prices would not fall. Though some people thought that drainage would enable them to pull through, but before they could perfect a system of drainage an Act of Parliament would have to be passed. They wished to get New Guinea labour or more Island labor and if they did not get it half of them would go to the wall. They wanted more labor! and they wanted to keep it here. Kanaka wages were at present too high, and if they were to compete with other sugar exporting countries they must get cheaper labor. Mr. Neils Pedersen in seconding the resolu tion quoted the prices of labor in other countries. Mr. Ross expressed the opinion that Queeiislnnd was half a century behind in the character of its stock and the implements used in agriculture, and said the people should put men in Parliament, who would protect the farmers who were the backcone of the country. Mr. D. Coynesaid they wanted cheap labour to carry on the sugar industry successfullv, but it was their own fault that they were compelled to give the kanakas almost the same wages as they paid to white men. Should combine and agree not to pay kanakas more than £20 per annum. This motion was carried unanimously. Mr. Stevens moved.— 'That owing to the recent heavy fall in the value of sugar and. the probability of continued low prices, this meeting urges on the Government the advisability of reducing the customs duties on mill and farming requirements so as to reduce the cost of production. He held this to be necessary as their local manufacturers showed no disposition to compete in producing high class implements and they had to pay 25 per cent duty on all impcrted articles, and if the mills did not have to pay so high for supplies and machinery it would tend lo keep up the price of cane. Mr. R. D. Dunne seconded the resolution which was carried unanimously. Mr. McKenny in moving the next resolution referred to the improvement in beet sugar since scientific knowledge has been brought to bear on It, while the quality of cane had actually gone back. They should approach the Government and press it to do its duty. He was opposed to bending the kiee of the government, but they should help themselves. Farming was the most independent life in the world and farmers by co-operating should be a power in the land competent to go to the government and demand their rights. He would move, 'That this meeting urges the Government to promote the early establish ment of complete agricultural stations for the. scientific development of cane, the analysis of manutes" and all other functions calculated to assist the farmers in improving the quality of the cane, the weight of crops, and the methods of cultivation. Seconded by Mr. Coyne and carried unarm mously. Mr. Ready then moved :— ' That attention be drawn to the number of kanakas idling about Mackay and refusing to ac cept employment except at an exorbitant rate of wages; and that the Government be asked to specify what shall bo considered a reasonablc time for them to seek fresh employ ment or to relurn to their Islands.' There were kanakas who asked as much as 25s a week, but if they were compelled to re engage or return to their Islands they would not be able to demand such wages and thus become a menace to the white man. He had always been in favor of the kanaka so long as he was kept in his place, which was in the field, where their labor would be a benefit to all. Mr. MaoDonald considered the idling kanakas a crying evil, and the Government by an executive minute could compel them to re-engage or return to their islands. The kanakas were not brought here to form a labour union and get high wages and they should not be allowed to hang about and and work for nix months for 12 months wages. The resolution was carried unauimoysly. Mr. Coyne then moved :— ' That steps be taken to obtain the co-operation of all employees of kanaka labor in the colony with a view of keeing their wages within n reasonable limit. The Chairman stated that this was a mat ter of supply and demand, and if they agreed together to keep the wages down they would find others outside of the Association who would take advantage of the occasion to get the kanakas. The motion was seconded by Mr Pedersen and carried. 'Mr. Underwood moved, ' That the resolu tions passed this afternoon be handed to the junior memeber, with a request to have them carried into effect, and that copies be sent to all kindred societies in Queensland.' Seconded bl by Mr. Stevens and carried; Mr. D Benton asked if he not being a member could move a resolution. The Chairman said id he would he would pay the subscription he would be happy to enrol him. as one . Subquently Mr. Benton was permitted to move a resolution to the effect that mill owners should publish annual returns, showing the price paid to labour, the interest to to usurers' ect.''u«uior»,'eUj, -*-?? : . ? : ? This admist laughter ws negatived and a atived and a most successful meeting closed with vote of thanks to the chaorand press. During the meeting several farmers enrolled themselves as members of the Association 