The Labor Boom. . An American correspondent writes to the S. M. Herald, on date May 24th, as follows: An almost magical change has occurred in the general commercial condition of the country. Cotton has gone up from 5 to 7 cents- a pound, and wheat from 56 to 82 cents a bushel. This means a good deal more than appears on the surface, for the first cost of raising cotton is from '2£ to 4 cents a pound, and of wheat from 36 to 45 cents a bushel; and an increase of '40 per cent, in value, therefore, gives froih A double to a quadruple profit to the producer. All other . staple products . show similar, if not always equal, improvement; and the.: manufacturers have been quick to. take .the cue of better times. Without being asked, the Carnegie- Company posted up a notice1 that, on and after the /next - pay. day, there would be an increase of 10 per sent in wages; and the Lelaware Iron Works {dependent largely on iron ship building) did "better still, for when' their men came up to the " captain's office" to get their .envelopes they found 15 . per - cent, more than they supposed they had earned, and a polite printed announcement that henceforth, until otherwise decreed, that would be the rate of remuneration. In the cotton and woollen trades, like incidents "have been quite frequent; and, in fact, this is one of those rare occasions, alluded to by ., all political economists as a possibility, but rarely witnessed on a large scale in actual fact, when employers are bidding one against the other for labor. Last year immigration practically came to a dead stop, and' men who can really do something are now at a premium. That these halcyon days" of prosperity for the workman should endure very long is hardly to be hoped for, and per haps it would not be well for him that they should; but, as contrasted with the loDg night of privation, and distress from which he has just emerged, it is -indeed a delightful change; .. . ^ A TREE pardon, sealed with the great sea 'of New South Wales', -has been- forwarded to George Dean through his solicitors. . The French Government has decided to prosecute all the priests who have been openly . opposing the taxation of religious orders. - Mayor Strong, of New York, is abolishing .the Tammany Ring. He has,', within four, months, dismissed 3,000 municipal officials, •including the police, dock, ■ charities, park, excise, and street commission, which has been replaced. ' The sheep ehow.ib Sydney was formally opened by the Lieutenant-Governor on Tnesyday. The president in his address quoted .figures to show that, .'where 99years: ago the total-number of feheep in Australia was 1,531, we had -now 120.000,006 but of" .a total of 525,000,000 in the whole world. - Me, Arnold Foster, in an article in the New -Review, after quoting largely from an article which appeared in the Melbourne of January 9, says that the people of Great JJritain are not prepared to be in formed that the Australian auxiliary squad ron is not supposed to form part of the ireal strength of the British Navy; anil that if the glowing accounts of the resources of the colonies and their ability to support the Btraic of farther loans to be true, they are able to contribute to the' cost ef Imperial. defence. ■ f \" A'dental friend of minewho has been a strong believer in the phrase, "Time is money," has had his belief rndely modified. A well known law firm transacted some busi ness for him ; then presented its bill. Down went Mr. Vulcanite and protested. " Seven guineas," he argued, " for a forty minutes transaction 1 It's unfair. Time is money, I know, but no time is worth that money." The clerk explained and remonstrated, but though Vulcanite paid up he was not satisfied. Entering bis lair on his return home he found a young client from the country. ^waiting to have a raging tooth extracted. The operation was- over in 20 seconds, and " Seven and si& please," said Vulcanite. *'§eyen and six,!' responded-' the youth. "I.say, boss, dontt lamb a chap j down 1 Why the blacksmith in onr town ■ takes 'em out for a shilling, and spends half I anhonrover the . job, too. Time's money, I you know !" ! A FAKajga who, to on re verminfin stock, i had to nse yariouB remedies, among the rest, keroaene and lard, camphor dissolved in alcohol, and carbolic acid mixed with lard, and all without the desired success, writes that he finally tried onions. Of the result he says :—" One particular animal, a year ling bull, was very fall, even after using the other remedies. % took a large onion, cnt it in two, and rnbbed him bard all over till I UBed two or more oniooB and my eyeB smarted. Then I gave him some oitbe clean pieces that were left, which he ate with relish, and I awaited the result. The second day I examined him, and to my astonishment and joy the hair was full of carcases, bat not a live one could I find. Since then Z have treated all stock in the same way, but did not give the cowb giving milk any to eat for fear of spoiling the butter.'^—New Zealand farmer. It has been demonstrated by actual ex periment in America that a- email quantity of kerosene.oil placed in water tanks or in dams or ponds once a week, -will keep a whole neighborhood clear of those trouble some pests, mosquitos. As is well-known, the insects breed in 'tanks and dams, and the plan is to pour a quantity of kerosene into the water, which spreads in'& lhin film all over its surface effectually killing the embryo insects, but doing it no hahnVfor human or stock pnrposes. Of conrse, some experience is necessary .in ascertaining the quantity of oil required for a certain bulk of water. The quantity required is, however, small, and experience will soon teach all that is desir able to know on the subject. Hollo-way's ' Pills.—Hale Constitutions.— When the human frame has become debili tated from the effects of exposure, excesses, or neglect, these Fills will repair the mischief. If they be taken according to the lucid directions' wrapped ronnd each box, Hol loway's Pills exert the most exemplary tonic qualities in all cases of nervous depression, whereby the vital powers are weakened, and the circulation is rendered languid and unsteady. They improve the appetite, strengthen the digestion, regulate Jtbe liver, , and act ak gentle aperients. The Pills are J suited to all ages and all habits. A patient t writes: "YourPills to be valued require only to be known. During many years I sought a-remedy in-vain, was daily becoming ) weaker, when your Fills soon restored me." Professor Hartmaun, the Danish com r poser,, has been celebrating his 90th birth L day. He was visited by several members of the Royal Family. •■>... v < \- ' ■ i**■ " ■ ("•' ' 