LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. The principal business in the Legisla- tive Council yesterday afternoon was the consideration, in Committee, of the Gold- fields Act Amendment Bill. Mr. Norton proposed an amendment in clause 8, for the protection of pastoral lessees whose land was resumed for the commonage purposes of a goldfield, and providing that for two years the stock of the lessee should not be liable to pay an agistment fee for grazing on the re- serve. Mr. John Deane moved a further amendment, making the provision ap- plicable to all pastoral lessees whose runs adjoined the goldfield, but a vote had not been taken when the House rose, though Mr. Norton withdrew his motion in favour of Mr. Deane's. At its rising the House adjourned until Tues- day next. ELECTRICITY FOR THE OPERA HOUSE. The trustees of Her Majesty's Opera House, being desirous of further adding to the comfort and safety of their patrons, have just arranged for a complete in- stallation of electric lighting for every part of the Opera House and business premises connected with it. The work has been intrusted to Messrs. Trackson Bros., of Adelaide-street, Brisbane, by whom the prime motor and generators have already been ordered from. Eng- land. The fittings have been ordered I direct from Paris, and will be of so com I Biete a nature as to do away with the use of gas both on the stage and in the auditorium. The limelights will be re- placed by Admiralty searchlights, and the footlights and sidelights on the stage Will consist of three sets-red, green, and white respectively. Altogether the in- stallation will Include 400 incandescent lamps and six arc lamps of 2000 candle power each. The work is already well In hand, and we are assured that no effort Is being spared to make the light- ing of the theatre absolutely .complete in every .detail. Mr. Philange Trackson, A.I.E.E., chief engineer of the firm, has been retalned,ln Brisbane to conduct this Important installation. VICTORIA BRIDGE TOLLS MODIFIED. The Victoria Bridge Board have de- cided to make an important reduction in the burden imposed on the public by the collection of tolls. It was generally un- derstood some time ago that the position would be reconsidered as soon as the effect of opening the Indooroopilly Rail- way Bridge could be ascertained. Un- less a serious falling off in the revenue was occasioned thereby, the rate at which the public were paying off the cost of the bridge was admittedly much faster than need be. It now appears that the receipts from tolls were not affected so much as was at one time ex- pected, and according to figures supplied last Friday, at the request of Mr. Kings- bury, the gross receipts, taking the month of September alone, are still at the rate of over £13,500 per annum, of which less than £5000 would be due to payments by foot-passengers. The board have resolved that, after the be- ginning of November, tolls from foot- passengers will not be collected on the bridge, and a notice to that effect ap- pears in our advertising columns. MAILS FROM EUROPE. The Post and Telegraph Department advise thal English mails (letters only), ex P. and O. Company's R M.S. Rome, are due by train to-night (Thursday), and will be delivered by letter carriers at 8.30 a.m., and at the General Post Office at 9 a.m. on Friday. The remain- ing portion of the malls ex R.M.S. Rome are due by train on Friday night, and will be delivered by letter carriers at S.30, a.m., and at the General Post Office at 9 a.m. ort Saturday. REAL PROPERTY ACT. The action for damages brought by the infant children of the late J. J. Hayes against the Registrar of Titles, as nominal defendant, will shortly be tried. The case is one in which the plaintiffs claim £10,000 from the assur- ance fund established under the Real Property Act as damages for alleged misfeasance on the part of the Titles Office in issuing a title in fee simple for the Terminus Hotel to J. J. Hayes, whereas, it is claimed, he was only en- titled to a life estate under the will of his father. The action has now been entered for trial by Mr. R. J. Leeper representing the plaintiffs, and will come on at the ensuing sittings of the Supreme Court before Mr. Justice Real and a jury of four. We understand that Mr. Feez and Mr. R. MacDonnell have been retained for the plaintiffs, and that the Crown will be represented by the Attorney-General (Hon. T. J. Byrnes), Mr. V. Power, and Mr. Sydes. THE AGRICULTURAL UNION. At the meeting of the Agricultural Union yesterday there were present— Messrs. Allan (in the chair), E. J. Stevens, Plunkett, Cadell, Foxton, Grimes, Groom, Fogarty, W. Thorn, King, Battersby, Lord, Morgan, Chataway, Armstrong, and Thomas, MM.L.A. Discussion was resumed on Mr. Allan's motion,-" That the'decision arrived at on the 11th Sep- tember with reference to the lands ac- quired under the Agricultural Lands Pur- chase Act be reconsidered, and if neces- sary lesclnded." Mr. Grimes had moved " the previous question," that the question be not now put. After dis- cussion Mr. Grlmes's motion was lost by 9 votes to 7. Mr. Allan's motion was then carried by 9 to 7. On the motion of Mr. Stevens, it was decided to forward the result to the Minister for Lands, and to ask the Premier to give a day for the continuation of the debate on Mr. Chat away's motion re encouragement of the agricultural industry. LAND BOARD COURT. A Land Board Court was held at the Lands Office, Ipswich, on Tuesday last, before Messrs. W. A. Tully and T. S. Sword. The following cases were dealt with :—In the matter of the determina- tion of the amount of compensation due. to John Mortimer, selector of agricul- tural farm 100G, being portion 32v, parish of Anduramba, on account of opening a road through that farm, the decision of the board was that the selector should be paid 10s. per. acre for four acres of land which were resumed, and that he should receive at the rate/of £34 per mile for fencing off the road,with a sub- stantial fence to be erected by himself," and the money to be paid on the certifi- cate of the Crown lands ranger of the district. In the matter of the land com- missioner's action in granting to Agnes Gardiner, selector of agricultural farm No. 1717, being portion 12v, parish of Dundas, a certificate for deed of grant under section 74 of the Crown Lands Act of 1S84, the board upheld the action. In the matter of an appeal case against the land commissioner for refusal to grant a certificate to entitle S. G. Green, selector of agricultural farm No. 1403, to a deed of grant, the board decided that in order to allow of his securing such certificate he (the selector) must reside on the selection up to the 30th of June next. This concluded the business. THE HON. JAS. TAYLOR'S LEGACY. St. James's Rectory was built through the liberality of the late Hon. James Taylor, who advanced £1000 for that purpose at a low rate of interest (says the " D. D. Gazette"). The principal was never repaid, and Mr. Taylor made provision in his will that the money should be regarded as a gift. No doubt his liberality to the Church upon this occasion, as upon many others, will be very much appreciated by the rector and the parishioners. DRAUGHTS MATCH. On the invitation of the Railway Draughts Club, a team of players from the Caledonian Society and Burns Club visited the Club and Library Rooms, Roma- street, to indulge in a friendly contest. After a most enjoyable game the Railways won by 19 .to 8. The fol- lowing are scores : Railways. Caledonian Society. Wins. Wins. 3 J. Wilkie 1 A. Cuthbertson 4 D. G. Forbes , 0 E. M'Kean 0 C. W. Dearie 1 D. Miles 1 E. F. Smith 1 tf. Marshall 0 M. Wilmington 1 A. Wood 4 R. O'Brien 0 W. Orr 1 J. Fitzgerald 2 W. Marshall 4 G. Henderson 0 J. Wilson 2 J. Richards 2 J. Fraser 19 8 SOUTH PACIFIC TRADE. The Governor of New Caledonia, M. Feillet, has just caused to be published a number of interesting statistics of the export trade of some of the chief islands in the Southern Pacific. The document refers to FIJI in the first Instance, and mentions that from the German settle- ment in New Britain In ten months there I were shipped 2400 tons copra, 290 bales | cotton (a new .thing), 30 -tons becne-de- | mer, and 350 tons Ivory nut. The .Fiji group Is referred to as the most produc- tive in the South Seas. The Gilbert j Islands last year exported £15.300 of copra, shark fins, and Ivory nut. Tonga-] Group exported £79,000 of copra. Speak- ing of the shipping employed In the transport of the cargoes from these places, M. Feillet regrets that French owned shipping have no share In this commerce. The trade Is done principally - by British ships, after which come Ger- man, Swedish, Norwegian, and Danish vessels. He suggests that a line of French-owned sailing vessels should enter into this trade, as a substantial proportion of the products go to Dun- kirk, Havre, and Marseilles. SOUTH BRITISH INSURANCE COM- PANY. The address delivered by the chairman of the South British Insurance Company on the occasion of the annual meeting, held in Auckland on the 9th instant, will be found in another column. Some in- teresting particulars are supplied both as to the past operations and the present position of the company. THE RABBIT QUESTION. The " Warrego Watchman" gives par- ticulars of its efforts to obtain informa- tion regarding a matter of very general interest. It says :—" It will be remem- bered that at the meeting of graziers recently held in Cunnamulla It was ar- ranged that Messrs. Moiehead and H. V. King should wait upon the Minister for Lands and present a petition praying for the subdivision of the Warrego rabr bit district, and for the Introduction of a measure providing for the election of members of the board by post. On Wednesday last Mr. Story received a wire from Mr. King, which read as fol- lows :-' Have just seen Minister with Mr. Morehead. Petition has his atten- tion.' " As stated by the " Watchman," every effort was made "to get from Bris- bane a reply as to the reception of this petition, but without success. "All that could be learned here was that the peti- tion had been presented, that the inter- view was a private one, and^beyond the fact stated by Mr. Morehead that no definite answer was given by the Minis- ter, both he and Mr. Barlow declined lo give any information. CEYLON AND AUSTRALIAN MEAT. A Ceylon paper has the following:— "We are glad to learn that the project of supplying local residents and the troops with fresh Australian meat is making progress, and in two or three months, if no further hitch occurs, it should be an accomplished fact. This is good news for our readers, most of whom would 'part' with a good deal, barring their birthright, for good, tender meat. They have no desire to live by bread alone, nor by the flesh of the goat; and, though we facilitate matters by not entering into particulars, we are glad to be able to assure them that before long Australian meat will be placed within their reach." _____ Mr. B. C. Dupuy, C.E., the engineer for the works connected with the Plane Creek Central Mill, near Mackay, is at present in Brisbane, in company with the secre- tary of the company (Mr. Geo. Beres- ford). The object of their visit is to lay before the Minister for Works the plans of the proposed tramway lines and other works bg}ng and to be carried out by tha compariy, and to consult with the de- partment on other matters connected with the company. Mr. Dupuy Informs us that the formation has already been prepared for nine miles of tramlines, and that by the end of December it is expected that fifteen miles of tramway, will be completed-that is from Louisa Cieek to the mill site. Further exten- sions are to follow. About ninety men, are now employed on. the tramway, works. The mill is now being erected by Messrs. Walkers Limited, of Mary- borough, and Is expected to be ready for the 1896 crushing. Mr. Dupuy has also brought with him the plans of the Marian Central Mill, which Is now in full swing. Messrs. Dupuy and Beresford expect to remain in Brisbane for several days. The following communication, received by Mr. J. J. Byrne, may be taken (says our Ipswich correspondent) as an indica- tion of the impiovement of the labour market :-" Government Labour Bureau, Brisbane, 21st October, 1895. To the assistant Immigration agent, Ipswich.- ' Re your letter of the 18th instant, ac- companying your labour report, I ana, unable to supply the men you require, as I have two applications for sleeper getters, one for forty, and the other for thirty men, and have only been able to send one." This Is positive proof that sleeper-getters, at any rate, are not in excess of the demand. Mr. Byrne's letter applied for flfty-flve men to undertake this work, and he states that anyone who is anxious to obtain employment, and who applies at the bureau, will be sent away to the work at once. At the South Brisbane Petty Debts Court yesterday, before Messrs. J. W. Knight and W. G. Chancellor, JJ.P., 'ver- dicts were entered for the plaintiffs, with costs, in the following undefended cases, \\. the claims being for goods sold, unless otherwise stated .--Albert Koenig v. Wil- liam Robertson, £3 ; Pastoral Butcher- ing Company v. John Nordon, £3 6s..lld.; Thomas Raine ^v. Margaret Bonis, £1 los., dishonoured promissory-note. The magisterial inquiry into the cir- cumstances surrounding the death of Matthew Roberts, who was drowned in the Brisbane River on the night of the 8th instant, was held at the City. Police Court on. Tuesday, before Messrs. White- hill and Savage, JJ.P. The Inquiry waa conducted by Constable Marshall, and the evidence disclosed that on the 8th in- stant the deceased, who was employed as tally clerk by Webster and Co., was on board the steamer Belle on her way ta > Moreton Bay. The steamer left Petti grew's wharf, North Brisbane, and when, between the Queensport Meat Works and the Eagle Farm Meat Works the de- ceased was seen walking aft by John Matherson, the man at the wheel. This was the last seen of him. His body waa , found floating In the river on the 11th Instant in the Hamilton Reach, near the Apello Candle Works. Roberts Was a man of about 37 years of age, and had been in the colony for about nine yeaxs. The evidence disclosed that deceased had been drinking heavily of late. AU Remnants will be closed out at Finney, Isles, and Co.'s This Day.* ^ The usual monthly concert and dance was held in the Londoners' Club rooms, Kent's Buildings, last evening. On thia occasion a " Minstrel Entertainment" was given as the first part of the con- cert, and proved very aceptable to the' audience. Mr. T. Duncalfe made a very efficient interlocutor, with Mr. J. Davis and Mr. C. C. Ross as " tambo" and " bones" respectively. Songs were given by Messrs. J. H. Dutton, C. C. ROES, L. H. Abraham, J. H. Davis, and T. Duncalfe. After an interval, the second part of the concert was given, ballads being sung with acceptance by several of the performers already named. Dancing, commenced at 10.30 o'clock and kept .up till midnight, -waa much enjoyed by all present Mr. L. H. Abrahams was the M.C., and Mr. W. Bradley Brotherton a very efflcientvac companlst Since the formation of the South Bris- bane Rowing Club some fortnight ago the Provisional Committee hawe been busy Jn getting the plan and general ar- rangements of the club Bhlp-Bhapo for submitting them to the approval of the« general meeting next week. At thia meeting there will also be an election of officers and committee for the coming year. A special rate of subscription is to be fixed for the junior division of the club. The South Brisbane Club should prove a distinct boon to the -rowing world, and to the youth of the South side generally, tt is hoped that quite a hundred members will be enrolled to " start with. * Buy your machine, embroidery, rope, and washing' knitting Silks at Finney, Isles, and Co.'s, who are the sole agents' in Queensland for the CarjBon- Currier Company of San Francisco. As regards appearance, strength, and fastness of 'colours, this make Is superior to edi others, as a trial will prove. Bold whole- sale and retail by tho above firm.* 