NEWS IN BRIEF. ???**? ? ? u ?? ? - Truth „iriiiiriph8. Meagher confessed. Dean a Jmits his guilt. Crick tricked. He apologises to Salamons and Want, The London butter market shows an up ward tendency. 'Victoria is sending large shipments of butter to London. The N.S.W. loan of £4,000,000 has been very successfully floated. The Transvaal gold fields are attracting a large number of immigrants. Chemist Smith, of North Sydney, has confessed to 'giving' Dean arsenic. Thanksgiving services were held in the churches on Sunday for the late rains. Thirty trade societies took part in the -eight-hour demonstration last Monday. Fifteen tons of stone from the Mount Drysdale gold-mine at Cobar has yielded 908oz. The Armenians in Constantinople are giving the Turkish Government much trouble. The widow of the late Bishop Fraser has bequeathed ^150,00c to the charities of Manchester. Some 1500 buffaloes have been killed on Melville Island, Northern Territory, by one party this season. Painters at Johannesburg, Africa, have been getting 30s. a day, but they struck for £2, and mean to get it. Mr. C. W. Prott, shooting at Wollongong on Friday last, scored 69 out of a possible 70 at 500 and 600 yards. The Murray, a screw steamer of 144 tons, has been secured for the Moruya trade in place of the wreckcd Trident. Forty German farmers are applying for 20,000 acres on Brookong station, Rivcrina, to farm the land by village settlement. The Newtown Band won the band con test at the eight-hour demonstration. The Bat'nurst Baud was second, and Parramatta third. Mr. Stead wants to establish a baby ex change, where those who have too many -children may dispose of them to those who have too few. Three young ' sparks are playing skittles with Coolgardie money in Sydney. Rumor says that they have £20,000 between them. Premier lleid was not aware of his Attorney-General's intention to arrest Crick . and Meagher. The news of the arrest came as a great surprise to him. Mr. Meagher promised that the denoue ment of the Dean conspiracy case arrests ?would be a revelation to the public. So it was, but hardly of the kind anticipated. Crick, Meagher, and Dean were arrested on Saturday, on a charge of conspiring to ?defeat the ends of justice. They were re manded for a week, bail being fixed at ,£3000. If you cannot obtain ' MyfaTea'in your district write to D. Mitchell and Co., Clar ence st., Sydney, who will arrange for a supply at once through the local store ?keeper — Advt'. A Bega business firm gives free insurance to all purchasers of lOs worth of goods. ' The policy lasts seven days and is renew able. It covers £100 risk agaiust death by accident or £ 1 per week in case of disable: ijuent. Mr. Gladstone thinks that the Scandana ?vian system of selling liquor on public account has great advantage over that of selling for privttfe interests. The solution of the liquor business, . however, he says, has baffled him. Kiama now has three, papers. ; The latest 'publication — the South Coast Chonicle — is the best, being w^ll. printed juid- newsy. It is on the same style as the; Times. Messrs. iFindlay and; Gollan are the ^proprietors. I 'They certainly deseryesnccess, but we .very ?inuch doubt Kiama's , ability to , support another paper. I ? By a new enactment which has now i come into operation fin Denmark, alt butter I .exported from thsit country will be classified according to its place origin. Hitherto . +V»o. .whnlA nf t.lip cf»nf i United Kingdom from Denmark has been regarded as Danish, with' the result that .the butter: exports of Denmark have befen much magnified on p^per, and not' a few ??erroneous arguments have found circula tion amongst dairy fanners, in consequence. .Something: like .150,000 ,iCwte. ; of - butter vinadean .SwedeOj. and possibly .even more .jni?de;,4n; .ftinjand, , have reached Biritisli .-povtfi.ivnn.UiallyjiUiiiier. the 'general descrlpj i-tion of ''Danish,' ,froiri , theujcircumstaricfj . that. th§y Mve pnssedi, through- Denmark.' ?? :? . :i ''i ?: ?'?-?3.' 