THE JEWS OF DENMARK. {Continued from page 90.) IN the course of the eighteenth century the number of German, Polish .and Dutch Jews that settled in Copenhagen steadily increased. No difficulties were placed in the way of immigrants who were manufacturers, and who possessed the necessary capital to establish new industries in Denmark ; whereas hawkers, petty dealers and the like received no encouragement from the Government. In 1729 a new synagogue was opened in Copenhagen, and on its becom ing, in course of time, too small for the ever- increasing congregation, it was, in 17GG, replaced by a larger one. The dedicatory poem used on the occasion of the consecration of this synagogue was composed by no less celebrated a man than Naphtali Herz Wessely. He was a native of Copenhagen. His father had migrated there from Holstein, where he had ca> ried on a gun factory. Another son of his was a noted writer on finance, while other members of the family held high positions, either in the mercantile world or the public service. The new novement which Moses Mendelssohn had started in Germany spread also to Denmark ; and here as there had its friends as well as its opponents. The King of Denmark had been induced to become a subscriber to Mendelssohn's translation of the Pentateuch, and this official act, which implied a sanction of the translation, prevented the Chief-Rabbi of Altona from excommuni cating the work, as was done, to their shame be it said, by other Rabbis of the hyper-orthodox school. Mendelssohn's literary works were largely read in Copenhagen, and found many admirers there. The same bitterness of feeling between the contending parties would have been the result here as elsewhere had not the Government, on the 29th March, 1814, granted the Jews equal civil rites with all other Danish subjects, so that everybody could hold what religious views suited him best. The only restriction placed upon the Jews was that they were not to be eligible for Royal offices, whatever that meant. They were also directed to appoint a preacher, and the first who filled this post—in fact, the first "Danish theologian of the Jewish persuasion—was Isaac 2Toa Mannheimer, who in after years became the renowned preacher of the great Vienna Temple. In 1883 a new and much larger synagogue was built, of which Dr. Abraham Alex. Wolff became Chief Rabbi. He knew, like no one before him, to reconcile the extremely orthodox party to the one holding more modern views, and to establish a service which satisfied both. With the proclamation of the new constitution on 5th June, 184 9, the last barriers which in social and political matters separated the Danish Jew from his fellow subjects) of other denominations fell, and since then the Jews have enjoyed all the privileges of free citizens. It is generally- admitted that) in return the Jews have contributed largely to the advancement of the interests of Denmark, and have in various ways distinguished themselves. They are held in the highest esteem by the people generally. Josei'HUS wrote his history of the Jews in the boudoir of the Roman Emperors, Vespasian, Titus and Domitian, and he wrote it with an evident desire to please his employers. He must, there fore, have been a favourite at court, and must have had no small amount of influence. Did he ever exert that influence in favour of his captive co-religionists in Rome 1 Dr. Berliner, in his " History of the Jews in Rome," comes to the conclusion that Joseph us was a perfect stranger to his co-religionists in that city, and, for this reason, the Talmudical literature knows him not. As Graetz justly observes, " Joseph us has gained for himself the laurels of a writer, but not those of a patriot." Worse still, even the great Roman historians make no mention of him. Sueton knows him, but only as a Jewish captive, not as a scholar or Statesman. Tacitus takes no notice of him, neither does Diogones, of Laertes. Josephus met with the fate that generally befalls those Jews who are ashamed of their co-religionists. They lose the esteem of their brethren as well as that of others. 